And if THAT wasn't enough, check out the Not Just Bikes side of the video right here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cO6txCZpbsQ
The most hilarious part? Carbrains like my dad will go visit places like Belmar and go "wow it's so nice here".  Well, yeah.  *There's no cars.*
11:08 that doesn't fit, we need to anglicise it into Sacculs or Sac Culs
Why is this still a problem, this video has been out for 3 YEARS
It's funny how the North American indoctrination is still running in Not Just Bike's veins. I almost collapsed to the floor when he mentioned doing"normal things" at 13:48 and chose the example of a bag of milk. Milk comes in udders, the boxes. I was 40+ when I saw my first bag of milk in Colombia and it haunts me to this very day.
A caveat to the high density housing is they need to make them higher quality with more sound insulation. Part of the problem is people don’t want to live in these types of accommodations due to the noise from neighbors but this could easily be fixed with better construction and materials.
This video just highlights that civil rights wasn't long ago and a lot of our leaders are old enough to have even voted against it but they are still in charge
I take my bag of milk in an American flag brother !
Hippy
Do more collabs with jason
This is one of those videos were its like, tell me your a libtard with out saying you a libtard.
Does anyone else find it funny that when he said America, he played The Who?
You guys putting your milk in bags in the Netherlands???
When you really think about it, our car-culture was basically forced upon us since it became near-impossible to obtain services without the use of a car, thereby ultimately resulting in ever-increasing profits for the air, auto, and the oil and gas industries at the expense of our environment.  The above-mentioned industries are the same today attempting to prevent the adoption of EVs, and fast electrically-powered trains, through disinformation, that are so prevalent throughout the world, except in North America!  It simply doesn't have to be this way!  Unfortunately, the oligarchs have almost total control over everything we do in our daily lives!
if the HOA didn't exist most people would like the suburbs. the main reason why people don't like them is because they can't afford to live there.
Fundimentally, the problem started with cars.  But is now stuck because of "housing as an investment/assset" Because while many say they want affordable housing, most home owners don't. Because they are worried that it will directly(if built in their neighborhood) or indirectly(general increase of supply) negatively impact their property value. And a lot of people have a signifcant portion of their net worth resting in their own home, they don't want that, and for many (who are still paying mortgatges and could end up upside down if it does happen), they can't have that. And while people talk about how housing is unaffordable all the time, the reality is that home ownership rate is still pretty damn high, at almost two thirds. And that means two third of the population have a natural incentive against affordable housing. Some might be able to move past their self interest, many cannot (either as a matter of morals or... because they literally cannot afford to).  *That* is the problem. And *that* is the real conflicts. Fact of the matter is, your proposals will help some people, but it will also hurt others. it isn't nearly as simple or clear cut as you make it out to be. So your ideaological yapping is entirely irrelevant. What is needed is to come up with a solution to the financial ruin it could bring upon many.
14:48 ACTUALLY! Canadian here: bagged milk has a MUCH lower environmental impact than cartons or jugs. It uses less raw materials (up to 75% less, meaning less water & energy wasted to produce), the bags are 100% recyclable, and the lower weight means less energy/emissions for transportation.  Also I've never seen the bags that are tied, haha. Usually you get four individual 1L sealed bags, slot it into a holder (which is reusable forever) then cut the corner of the bag to pour.
JC Penney had good clothing lines.  Loved the Stafford  👔.
I’m really sorry. I would just actually rather kms than live in high density again. I live in a huge apartment complex. And I’m miserable. Please I swear I’m gonna make up for it with my gardening.
That is why the US government is preventing UFO technology from being used in the current political climate. UFO tech stops the need for gas, cars, long commute and suburbs. You should be fighting for UFO tech rather than your focus on suburbs.
"...40 minute walk..." - You know, there is such a thing called a BIKE! Use it!
Standard road geese, i like.
I'm from Euclid. We aren't a suburb of Chicago.
the problem is that if i buy a single family home in a nice neighborhood, i dont want apartment building poping up right next to me. how about R1 zoning in some spots and apartment/condo zoning in other.
if Americans aren having kids at a replacement rate, then why is the population set to grow that much? how about we dont flood our country with 100millian immigrants and then this problem will disappear.
Man... if ONLY someone put this petafile in charge... THEN everything would be solved and ppl would live in a forced tenement utopia 😂
cognitive dissonance replace low birthrate people with high birthrate 3rd worlders complain about climate, pollution and muh racisms
Your videos are very good. I am sure your wit will go over the heads of most Americans but I like it.
why would i listen to a guy who looks like he has a reddit account?
And you're surrounded by trees planted too deeply that almost all will die within 30 years, and right before the 10 minute mark you have ash trees nearly completely or entirely killed by emerald ash Borer. I think it should be illegal to plant trees without a permit/certification/license. I did the math on the resources (water, nutrients, has/diesel, pesticides, fertilizers, greenhouses, constant plant maintenance, and the money to do all of that and pay the people doing the work) and money wasted on planting one tree improperly and it's astoundingly horrifying.
Wow, America is deeply racist. From the past to the present.
is the beginning monument colorado?
Rest in piss Hulk Hogan 🙏🫡
you can build these places that are so special amd overproced in the irbam sprawl around coties that are basiclyvbrown areas or shitholes that need gentrificstuon— why violate the peace of rural areas— we spent miney on out property for u to turn it i to a preppy fake toen swuare that charges ten more than it should for poor wuality service— theyvwill fail just like the malls!  — developers donate to theses progressoves like u as well.
a walkable way overpriced zone full of bad food overhtped amd overpriced with disney asthetics
ir saying yu want to peaceful neighborhoods into urban areas amd all the ceime with it— amd traffic!! shoping centers ugly plazas.. com on-/ why is this a thing!
an apartment buid will leak energy from foru corners too! its not in a vacuum. apartments are ugly and pycholigically harmful— im not against multihome complexes but they need to be designed with himanity amd nature in mind.
yeah but those apartment suck! i dont want to live in this closets
Really doesn't help that 99% of the bible thumping, trump supporting morons where I live all feel the need to drive a jacked up pickup when they live in the middle of the city and have no use for a truck at all. As the christians would say, manifest destiny. These religious people that love to smell their own farts truly believe this planet was made for them to destroy. You can't reason with a delusional person. They believe what makes them feel comforted, not facts.
Just watching this now and seeing the Hulk Hogan bit 😢
So we all should live in tiny apartments like sardines? It's not in our nature. We want space
The bag is delivered in a carton
That magic of editing joke had me rolling.
All this is fine and dandy but no one mentions how having a house and space is preferable to living in a lil apartment especially if you have kids
I love that this video has the CSI Miami meme plus a Bennie Hill moment. Chef's kiss.  Think this was the 1st Climate Town video I ever saw
11:10: Or, as I have taken to call them lately: Bag's Ass
I remember back last summer that me and my brother were staying at our relative's house for a month and one thing we realized is that there is nothing in our home that could really physically stop anyone from just breaking in and I mean the gate of our fence to our backyard was so easy to unlock and why it had no lock to begin with and our backdoor of our house had a huge window and said door was next to a man size window at ground level that someone can open the gate and enter the backyard and break into the house from the window.  That is when we realized that we were living in a Suburbia, it was quiet and not much people but the people around seem nice but that is when we realized that the kind of people who can even afford to live in a Suburb are often people with enough money to afford a car because another thing we realized that if our water ever got cut then unless we had a car, we got no way of buying a simple bottle of water from a nearby store since it would be at best a hour away on foot and that is when my brother made a funny joke that only rich white people can live here cause they got the capital to buy and maintain a car and at the same time don't have much of a economic incentive to do petty crime.  Then I got to the part of your video about the Racism and it all makes sense  -The realization of me a filipino living in the suburbs for a month
Ok, I like walkable and high density neighborhoods. I also like biking. However, the ”climate change” and ”racist” outbursts in the first 2.5 minutes turned me off of the video.
What sound was played for the bag of milk part? I'm pretty sure it's some video game and not knowing is going to drive me crazy.
This guy is talking about climate change when we can’t afford rent in a shit hole apartment that is falsely labeled “luxury “
15 - Less plastic, fits into tighter spaces, and can be converted to a jug with a special washable container without you *needing* it to be rigid at all times, like a jug of milk.
Fees the poor to the rich as a premium meat and use profits to fund streetcars and apartments.... All problems solved
You are promoting capitalism B over capitalism A . This culture is destroying the world.  Cities turn prairies and forests into strip mines with tractors, chainsaws and excavators. Everything cities require is transported long distances with an entire encyclopedia of manufacturing energy and materials consumption for packaging and countless other things that go into making a city. These strip mines that supply a city would be better off as permaculture regional biomes with houses in them getting their stuff directly from the land they sit on instead of someone else's land since cities require slavery and oppression of every imaginable and unimaginable sort as well as grinding the earth into money for no reason. If the separation of humans from natural systems continues there will be nothing left to save. Living next to the ecology instead of in it is killing us and all the other beings that share this planet. Does this mean that over population is actually a problem? Of course, and for industrial nations infinitely more so.
Isn't it funny that the best thing about Cyberpunk ended up being the Megabuildings?
First time I saw a bag of milk I was sick in my mouth. Too udder-ish. I'm vegan and also a breastfeeding mum 😂
This video happened to me.  I win!
My town has mixed use zoning in certain areas and I live 2 blocks from a deli and corner store that sells a few groceries. I can sometimes wake up the morning after using up a roll of toilet paper and walk there to buy TP before I have to go. Kovacs Deli has literally saved my butt with their grocery and paper goods.
In the first year of my relationship,  me and my boyfriend went to a neighborhood zoning/historic preservation meeting. Its been ten years and we are still together so I recommend it
In prison, you get a bag of milk.
fun fact cul de sac is french for 'ass of bag'
Nah bags of milk use waaaaaay less plastic lol
American suburbs are basically children detention centers which they can only escape when their parential guards decides to take them out in a car
CC in ur arese mofo
Where I'm at, Northwest Arkansas, all of these neighborhoods of tightly packed duplexes are popping up. It actually seems like a decent solution to a housing crisis but I don't really know.
We want our own homes with some property. We dont want to be packed like rats into high density housing.
I wouldn’t say I live in the suburbs. I just live in a random neighborhood in Cali. But it has proximity to establishments. If I walk less than one minute there is a small apartment building, and another sorta apartment homes. (Don’t know the term for that sorta housing.) It’s a 3-5 minute walk to an elementary school, a retirement home, and a ymca. If you keep walking for 8-10 minute you arrive at a grocery store, and two churches nearby. If you cut through the homes you exit to a small plaza and other stores across the street. It’s still car dependent where I live. But, looking at other cities around the U.S it’s not as bad as I thought in my city. Could still be better.
It’s becoming extremely unethical to have more children. We don’t need them
My issue with condos are the overpriced HOA fees. They are a mortgage in and of themselves. It’s unconstitutional and needs to be addressed so that owning a condo can be appealing compared to single family homes
Yeah but now in Portland they just plop 5 story apartment buildings down along the max line with no additional services around. Particularly on the east side. Most of those people still end up driving, judging by the parking.
8:28 "homo-genius" 😂
I think I need to start playing BM windwalk.  Problem with Orc vs NE is if you go FS harass and NE is DH, you are screwed, but good vs Warden. BM mirror into SH is much better vs DH, but gives Warden way too much time to creep.  FS might work against both, not sure.
Ah Belmar. People still drive to it though 😒 and it's expensive as hell. You have to be making at minimum 6 digit salary
Editor messed up @ 11:12
It’s hard to enjoy the sniff bits of facts and reality based commentary for the mountain of bullsh$t you bury it under.   You strike me as one of those interns who gets indoctrinated in school, and never learns anything for himself.
I do think more multi-generational homes should be created. (theres 1 where I live. 1) but I am also a fan of my single family home. but maybe that is based off of the fact that most american families are disfunctional so they dont want to stay close. I also do my best to be self sufficient and be able to use less gov provided utilities and assitance although we are so deep in the sauce it is a slow path to make single homes provide more food and resources then they consume. but one day if everyone with a yard grew food we could all feed each other.   so ultimately, maybe the answer lays somewhere in between everyone’s perspective? I also think mobile home or natural homes should be more prevalent. I think its more natural for people to live the migratory life.  side note, I am 100% against all this new construction even being a fan of single family homes. it disgusts me how fast they are doing it, not giving the public a chance to contact their city planners.  &let me tell you, “they” will take down your signs you may post at the park to inform your neighbors to contact the city planners.
The biggest issue with suburbs is "car is required for transportation." As you said, it creates a massive burden of additional cost, carbon load, parking lot space, etc. Transit was kinda yadda-yadda'd over in 10 seconds flat at 11:50. Now, I totally hear you on the video's main issue of restricted zoning. It's ridiculous, and it needs to change. Thank you for highlighting it. However, over and over again you roll shots of these "walkable" neighborhoods, and the central feature is a train track and people on bikes. Even in walkable cities, people can't always walk. If I need to pop 2 miles across my cute little walkable city, I'd much rather get there in 6 minutes on a train than 45 minutes on foot. The same is true for suburbs! Lightrails are the closest thing we have to traveling via tubes. Buses are complicated, as they don't tend to run in a straight line like trains, and you there's no clear visual indication of what overall direction any given bus is gonna go. You have to consult the schedules/routes. Trains are simple: "the tracks go that way, we're going that way."   I think it's very possible to build a functional, convenient suburb. All US cities have to do is reach out and take it: 1. Build your favorite flavor of urban sprawl 2. Identify direction of nearest civilization 3. Build light rail tracks along urban sprawl toward civiliation 4. The cost of annual rail passes is included in HOA fees. Your family members get their passes the day they move in.   That's the clear answer to me. This setup fits as perfectly into that nice-looking CO neighborhood at 15:17 as the barren wastes at 0:53. Make the train part of the neighborhood's identity. Advertise its usage heavily throughout the neighborhood. Create a rewards program: more rides, more points. Give away merch. Have a storefront along the tracks specifically dedicated to rider support. Have the track go directly through/into areas that cars can't go; of course I'd rather ride in on the train when it cuts straight through the heart of the shopping zone, whereas my car has to be parked at the very edge. Use bigass traincars absolutely filled with bike racks inside. Prioritize getting EV shops along the tracks. Build a culture of transit users. No matter what kind of zoning you may be able to get, it's equally useful. Light rail + personal electric vehicles are the future of transit. I say this from experience; I live in one of the most convenient suburbs in America where the light rail and ebikes/escooters are a VERY viable alternative to driving. They did the work and made it happen. It works. And we've got areas like that CO neighborhood all along the tracks, as well as miles and miles of traditional urban sprawl. Some of my ideas above are definitely beyond what they've been able to do here, but maybe someday. For now it's working, and it's giving people who don't drive, can't afford to drive, kids under 16, and people with disabilities the ability to get around, regardless of what kind of zoning they live in.
RE: Culs-de-sac. It's got to be "culs," because of course you'd say "asses of sacks," rather than "ass of sacks."
From the people who regulated everything out of existence... comes a video about the consequences of regulating everything out of existence.
I recently moved from my parents to a small town about 45 minutes away for work. When I got the job, I asked for 2 months and bought a place that's like 1.5km from work. Basically the whole town is within at most a 5 minute drive, usually like 30 seconds to 2 minutes. I feel like a European. It's a quality of life you realize you can't live without once you have it. Walking everywhere would still be a bit of a pain in the ass but biking is no problem, and it's never a hassle to get anywhere unless I'm going out of town. Completely worth a 45 minute drive out of town once every week or two though compared to a 20 minute commute to work every day or driving 15+ minutes to get anywhere.
If a bag of milk falls over, then there's no use crying over spilt milk, I guess? XD
truly amazing video!
I’m not sure if the Al Gore clip at the end is ironic or just funny, but if just funny I’m curious if he eventually tried it given many states legally allow it or because he’s older now and wants some relief, or maybe he hates how the world is now. Can we get Al on a video call or even regular call and have a quick ask?
Couldn't disagree with you more.
Lower density housing actually ruins everything, so you want to live in hell, get out of here man, why did you make this, you want to live in a cubicle? get real. there's a reason why this video has 4k+ dislikes, this is so ignorant and out of touch.
8:04 they must have meant Cleveland, not Chicago.
13:49 "normal things like buying a bag of milk"
i honestly want to give this video a dislike only because he said "bag of milk"
Watching a lot of this guy’s videos just made me realize damn we suck ass at being efficient with our resources
I’m impressed I guessed you were in Golden based off of the thumbnail
It filled me with pride to see NYC in the corner there at 15%. Everyone deserves to live as well as we do!
Could you be my parents?
Man everyone just needs to engage with racial capitalism theory to understand our world
What is that wall behind you? Knotty Pine!!!
1:32  Lol this guy telling me that 20 minutes is a really really long time is weirdly funny to me
If you can take someone to a planning meeting on a date that's either a keeper or a lunatic.
City planning was designed with car sales in mind
a bag of milk joke killed me
Great video 💯 correct!
Recently me and my family were house hunting and we stopped by a sort of "Town" (thats atleast what they called it). It had 3 pools, 2 clubhouses, a trail, and about 100 homes. They also were adding a school next too it all. We talked to the leasing office to see what was available and it was majorly occupied. We did a tour of the first houses in the front. Afterward, we said our good days to the leasing office. Then we went driving around to see who our neighborhoods would be. Mind you we've never seen how the suburbs firsthand, and still, it was *very* dystopian.  It was a Saturday afternoon, around 4 o'clock, and quite literally, not a SOUL was outside. (Maybe like 2 kids on their bikes? But nothing too crazy.) Nobody barbecuing, no one playing music, not even people just talking to their neighbors. No one at the pools or clubhouses, it was HOT on that day, as it always is in March, this time around. But we kept hoping to see AT LEAST one person enjoying themselves as we explored the labyrinth of houses, and the sickly amount of asphalt that was now our tour guide.  Nearing the end of our expedition. We did happened to find one family, out of the 100 souless, carpacked occupied garages. Kids playing basketball on the driveway, and the father firing up the grill. But even that was sad in itself. Not sure why we expected much from the suburbs. We realized what we could've potentially signed up for and much preferred our small yet lively apartment complex, in the city.  We can clearly see why they were destructive, and almost hostile to kids playing in the road, as it garnered no speed bumps or "slow down" signs. A complete utter waste of space is what me and my family will say. Why build big flashly houses, and give tenants so many amenities if they're not going to take advantage of them? It is just a wasteland.
Right about now I could go for a cheaper price of NOT burning fuel
"Euclid (Ohio) wanted to keep Chicago's factories from expanding towards them" --> pretty sure that should be Cleveland (unless Chicago had factories spanning 3 states)
oh look we take away the single home, where people have privacy, own their own home and land, lets take that away from people force them to rent these large homes, climb these stairs Fuck disables people, or those who don't want to deal with going to the tenth floor, also guess what privacy thing of the last, being able to relax without your moronic neighbor making noice because the walls are thing, and then your rent if a hundred times more expensive. because where are you going to go? you can't buy your own home, you're screwed.
3:32 Nice tram
I like this channel in an unhealthy way
Oh, of course it was a village in frickin' *Ohio*
LOL - In Argentina and Uruguay (South America if you were wondering or you know the other Mexico for you Americans) they sell milk in plastic bags.  They are sealed bags and you have a pitcher you put your bag into.  You cut the tip off and voila!    Although, now they are bringing in milk in cardboard boxes.
Indian here. My village's population is ~20,000. And even then everything is at a walkable distance! And if you ever need something fancy or rare, you can get it in a city 10km away. Never needed to go further than that. Plus, we get home delivery of pretty much everything. So you don't have to waste your fuel, somebody does that and brings in items for a bunch of people. Even then, me being a climate activist, I tell everyone to buy less and go vegan.
My city of London Ontario Canada 🇨🇦  was show here. Happy area London Ontario Canada call Wortley Village.❤ Went I lived Wortley area everything walk distance away from my apartment. Its was nice and helpful
What happens if I bought some of these homes and sold them to poor people for a penny?
I live in an apartment in a city full of businesses. i'd change that with an american suburb any minute. people in apartments, live like rats. dirty stairs. dirty elevators. food smells from diffrent cuisines (i really get nausea from chinese food smells) , running kids from upstairs. asshole neighbours who don't pay for preventative or sometimes necessary maintenance. I'd rather have a 10 m2 meter room than having an apartment when every minute of it is headache
Yeah sorry.  I get the privacy of my back yard and a house I can pretty much do whatever I want with, that I pay into that will eventually be an investment.  Everyone watching this video needs to realize that property developers REALLY want high density housing for GREED.  Be careful of ANY source that advocates for high density housing.    I will always choose a mortgage over rent.
It's good and all, but given the state of cities like NYC and LA, especially NYC, you'll be hard-pressed to convince people to go with high-density housing until we revert back to being a (relatively) high-trust culture. No one wants to live crammed together with a bunch of rude, loud, inconsiderate, potentially dangerous neighbors. Even then, I hope every high density unit comes with enough parking space for each resident. Automobiles are ingrained into American culture, and in states  that lack underground mass transit due to earthquake faults, cars are kind of a necessity. Especially with the increasing lack of above-ground trolleys. People also desire the freedom to be able to drive out to wherever they want.   We'd have to come up with brand new cities designed from the ground-up for an Asian/European-style, walkable environment without spending a lot of time and money extensively rebuilding our current cities. I personally find current efforts, especially in my home county (San Diego) to be lacking. Apartment blocks are being built everywhere without any regard to restructuring the rest of the local areas to accommodate a car-less lifestyle. They're just being dropped into existing cities/neighborhoods that haven't at all been updated/retrofitted. The result? Even less parking space for those who already live in those neighborhoods, because you bet your ass people moving into these apartments have cars too, and the new buildings have minimal extra parking space.   On top of EVERYTHING, we mainly also need to outlaw private entities like Blackrock from being able to buy housing as a form of speculation. Housing should only be purchasable by those who intend to live in said units. Honestly? Before we can even consider redoing the zoning laws, I'd first go after the Blackrock/Air BNB situation.
What if we just put walkable shopping areas inside of the suburban neighborhoods and limit the parking and make it sort of like parks and schools where theyre walkable for the locals and allow for future developments to expand it to eventually become a small city within the city   Kinda like your local pub
Chicago factories in Ohio, not Detroit factories?
I live in Minneapolis and 100% support our zoning reforms that allow apartment buildings and condos to be built nearby. The apartment buildings and condos often have small businesses and coffee shops in the street level, meaning people within walking distance can actually walk to the store instead of drive. It also makes our housing overall more affordable because there is more housing supply. It improves the neighborhood, even for the single family homes.
Some people don't want to live on top of others and want some personal privacy.  The surburbs are much better for a family and their mental health.
Oh wow 2 years ago. Kinda sad because those same bored retirees would actually be happier in mixed use. They don't need the space they used to and they could interact with WAY more people. Go to the coffee shop get an inexpensive lunch read the paper then do some shopping. They would be so much happier. Everybody wins unless you're racist.
Most people in America want to own, not rent the rest of their lives. So unless we’re talking about co-ops/condos or some other sort of arrangement that allows you to own your unit, the last thing we need in America is more rental companies sucking the money out of people’s wallets.
Great video man, thank you
Normal everyday things like visiting friends and buying a bag of milk.
Unexpected Wornall.
woah, you filmed at the Jeffco county building
All the people I've subbed to on YouTube have been quiet for, like, days now, so I'm going down urban planning videos. The more I watch, the angrier I get.
they are working on the urban sprawl and traffic issues as we speak.   get your boosters.
Dude. I love your channel. Hilarious and educational! The time you put into this production is serious!
Thanks!
Climate Town: “CULS-de-sac” Not Just Bikes: “I think it’s cul-de-SACS.” Meathook: “actually both are acceptable” Ramrod: “CULS-de-sac, it still sounds weird to me!”
You sound like a climate nazii, wating to move everyoe into compact cities with facial rec. cameras on every street corner and banning cars and the right to travel. There is so much wrong w this idea, but lets start here. getting food from a supermarket is conveient but unhealthy and unsustainable. just another way to control you. THe answer is local farming not big Agriculture that sprays their product with pesticides to prolong shelf life while being trucked across country or shipped over from CHina. I grew up in indiana. 60% of our food was fresh from my grandfathers garden. Not only was it unadulterated but it was night and day in taste. Have you ever tastes FRESH green beans?   THen theres the EV carbon scam designed to limit the ability to travel this wonderful country of ours. BTW ,carbondioxide is not a pollutant. Its what plants and trees breath. If anything its dangerously low as far as historical standard. No plants =no food
Such an absolute shame. This sucks.
15:25 Belmar Plaza Jumpscare.
I lived in apartments until I was 42 and didn’t have a car until 30. I hated buses and carrying heavy bags around. I hated apartments and have no desire to live in one again. I love my home. I don’t think living in these high rises and congested neighbourhoods is good at all.
was this video made by an adhd 5 year old
I never understood why they didn't even allow a kiosk in suburbs or diners or whatever. It's ridiculous on so many levels. Europe isn't perfect but not THAT insane. Seems like capitalism has always been so deeply rooted that it's hard to see all the implications.
Multifamily zoning and mixed use exist all over America. What actually needs to change are the ownership structures around multifamily housing, where families can invest in where they live.  What a terrible, pro-developer anti-ownership shill this guy is.
The fundamental problem is always the same - too many people.
Ayyy I also live in Colorado suburbia. Love your filming locations. 😂
USA isn’t projected to increase its population by 100 million . Even by 2100 it will increase roughly by 80 million at max . People aren’t having babies anymore. Population growth isn’t driven by migration mostly even that isn’t enough to compensate for loss in fertility.
Great video! As a suburbanite, I don't have an issue with increased density housing being implemented at city centers. However, what this video doesn't touch on is that newer high density areas are often promoted as "luxury" and are wholly unaffordable. These apartments and condos are outrageously expensive, with no regulation to moderate the cost. And for some areas, there is still too much car traffic to safely walk or use public transit. It's a problem that needs to be evaluated by more than just zoning laws.
Attempts at social cohesion is racism now lmao. Look at the shit we're in now
15:29 looks European. Crazy
So funny, I didn’t even notice the “bag of milk” because that how we buy milk. The best part is that you can stack it in a container making a “four-plex” of milk. 🥛
I live in Budapest, Hungary. I walk approximately 50 seconds to my local grocery store 😂
its ok. my heat runs on dinosaurs and i pour my used enine oil (also dinosaurs) from all sorts of CO2 emitting machines back in to the ground so you can say im kinda crushing the whole recycle/ eco friendly game.
So not the point but why am I annoyed by the culs de sacs joke?!?
love ur vids I live in Denver and Lakewood kinda creeps me but respect anyway
You left off William Levitt, the founder of suburbs, who ACTUALLY founded red lining…convenient.
Consumerism enters the chat... "Isn't that American Dream of a Suburban 3,666 square ft, tri level with the attached 2 car and lush frt & back? Isn't that a salesman-saleswoman pitch??"...Cuz it sure sounds like one... *America.. turning productive workers into Consumers/debtors... to Monetize them.. SOME would call it structured Indentured Servitude...
I hate these, they swallow up historical sites and natural land. But they don't add anything of quality, efficiency or beauty. It's just terrible.
I was kinda expecting stormtrooper TR-TR to be on here, but Im happy it wasn't. (Unless I managed to totally zone out for one or more entries. That's, sadly, not a 0% chance)
PORTLAND OREGON AND ALL OF OREGON ACTUALLY AND STILL APPLIES
Well, hope Trump changes that
Nice Place!
Its a no for me apartments suck lol ill vote for mandatory population control before i share a 500 sq foot apartment with my partner and child ever again
I thought this was Tim Poole for a second. Thank God I was wrong, or this would be a way different video lol
14:45 it's prolly because think about how much space a milk carton takes when empty. Sure you can crush  it but it's still big.
I couldn't agree more with this video. We are decades behind in terms of *actually* walkable cities. I moved to Washington DC, live within ten minutes of a subway station, and I walk everywhere. STILL-- I have ONE grocery store within reasonable walking distance. It is crazy to me sometimes that I can either Uber somewhere in 10-15 minutes or take the subway and get there in 30-45. Pretty brutal when you consider that DC is one of the more walkable cities in the States.
As someone from Colorado, I'm not even a little surprised that he's a Coloradan.
Sometimes I regret following a random person to collabed with a tuber I liked. But I like this one lol
Zoning is a joke. The meetings are meant to be confusing to frustrate younger ppl to a point of leaving imo. They say open to public but really its still between the city council or whatever board is in charge. Luckily i bought my house out in the middle of nowhere farm country. Our town has around 2500 ppl. Tho if trump goes thro w his deportation plan thar will drop to about 1000 maybe 1500 tops. Seneca Foods has one of its main manufacturing plants in town here. We have a large mexican/Hispanic community here. Our schools send out all emails in English and Spanish. Many of them are illegally here. Its so sad. But yeah fuck zoning lol!!!
Wait till you hear about coke in a bag
Something I often think about is how we no longer see new little villages ever being built. You know what I’m talking about, the quaint little areas where Main Street has 2/3 story brick buildings with a post office, town hall, houses that have been turned into dentists offices, etc. Is this phenomenon solely due to zoning? Or are there other factors at play?
Higher density housing is dystopian.  Life is better in rural areas.  If we want less pollution let’s make planned obsolescence illegal.  Let’s make products serviceable.
I would love to live outside the city. But these suburbs STARTER homes start at 300k and go up to 500k in my area. And thats just insane.
16:05 the problem with these neighborhoods in America is that the apartments and houses are severely overpriced and only the bougie rich can afford to live there
The suburbs are boring.  I lived in major city my entire life. Hustle and bustle  and now raise my kids in the burbs and after awhile it's all starting to sink in.  The pros and cons.
Racism is bleeding America dry. It dont  have anything to do with the houses, or the suburbs, or apartments. Capitalism, it’s big brother is going to make sure that it stays around for other things and purposes.
Zoning!  WTH  That's not anything like math is it?
Another grown-ass adult walking around complaining about and loathing the United States.  Racism.  Climate change. It must be genuinely exhausting to walk around with this twisted viewpoint projecting anger and hate on everyone and everything you see all the time.
Once politicians and executives start selling their mansions and buying a duplex to live in, then I'll start taking climate change seriously.
I think a key thing to remember is that I believe zoning is an unconstitutional thing in America. Building codes are a believable thing that IS necessary. Zoning is the problem holding the housing market hostage... Local governments are too beauricratic for the American dream to exist. However expensive housing is not racist. I'm white and I can't afford those houses either. Keep your European ideas in Europe is my sentiment. I live in the country for a reason. I can't stand living elbow to elbow.
Sorry man, I am not dreaming of living in a smart city. I'll take that self-sufficient family farm. Why don't we enact some policy to make that a little easier? Outlaw plastic. Outlaw fast fashion. Make us grow our own food raise our own livestock make our own clothes raise our own children. Cut out the middleman of "employment".  Boom, climate change answered
No. Sorry. I hate living above or below or both of someone else. The answer is to have less kids. No more than 5 allowed.
4 to 6 stories with commercial on the first floor and apartments above is the best long term proven formula worldwide.. like most European cities that do not allow high rises. And keep things relatively affordable. Barcelona is a perfect example of one of the most walkable cities in the world with the highest % of the middle class residents and abundance of affordable small business varieties within walking distance of everyone. Barcelona has nearly zero high rises and just about everything is 4 to 6 stories. 3,000,000 population with minimal traffic, and minimal crime.
Actually, FDA and shite processed food supply is a much bigger problem in the USA. Working 40+ hours a week makes REAL FOOD prep a challenge too many avoid and so, MANY sacrifice HEALTH by rarely  making good food a dietary lifestyle. Affording delivery food services is also too expensive for many. Crap food means  Hello Parkinsonism, a hidden epidemic with a 5 year prognosis IF you choose pharma suppression therapy, which cures NADA, Nothing ..... just stops you from feeling symptoms as illness runs its course underneath 😢 Pharma is a monetized death dealer of USA citizens. Functional medicine is more like EU medicine sans the socialism controlled rationing.  Socialism sort of works, but only in small homogenous societies, not huge melting pots like USA. Too many variable needs of many different cultures 🎉🎉 Insulin and antibiotics are about IT for management of diabetes and infections.  Sugar is a drug 7x more addictive than cocaine, and highly inflammatory to the body. FDA knows it, and big food uses proprietary bliss points to addict people to their 'favorites' til death do you part ... takes a couple decades to destroy gut integrity. Then the bloat and acid reflux starts with leaky gut driving metabolic crashes until you die from the autoimmune antibodies eating away at your thyroid.
To the maker of this video: don't ignore my comment, I'd like your rebuttal please I'm not just a troll.. This is my genuine opinoin. Anyways:  I get tired of white people who have ONLY lived in suburbs since childhood complaining that the US doesn't build high density housing.  All of you spoiled upper middle class white people are WRONG. High density WALKABLE places ABSOLUTELY DO EXIST.  THEY'RE CALLED CITIES AND THEY'RE GHETTO AND YOU WHITE PEOPLE TRY TO PRETEND THEY DON'T EXIST JUST BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT TO LIVE THERE. That's right, white people only want to live in suburbs and they wish that suburbs were more walkable DESPITE THE INSANLY LARGE SIZE OF THIS COUNTRY. Just because your parents chose to raise you away from dense cities doesn't mean they dont' exist.  The reality is, unfortunately, that when you group a LOT of people together into high density areas, you will ALWAYS END UP WITH HIGHER CRIME AND THE AREA ENDS UP GETTING POOR AND DELAPIDATED. The US is currently overflowing with drug addicts and people who need mental help, so therefore due to our horrible medical system and completely lack of mental help, dense areas in the US WILL ALWAYS BECOME GHETTO THE MORE PEOPLE YOU ADD. This isnt' tiny europe you guys.  You middle and upper middle class white people keep advocating and protesting for some kind of high-density "rich kid suburb", but you fail to undrestand that the INSTANT that you turn a suburb into a walkable high-density city, THE AREA ENDS UP GETTING INFESTED WITH CRIME AND IT BECOMES GHETTO.  You absolutely CANNOT have a ton of humans in one easy walkable place WHILE ALSO KEEPING THE PLACE AS NICE AS A SUBURB.  The US isn't a tiny European country that has NO CHOICE BUT TO REMAIN WALKABLE. The lotistics of making a place as massive and full of unihabitable land/deserts/mountains as the US "more walkable" is just... Extremely unrealistic.
when i was younger i was fine in the city. now i prefer the suburbs but now im yearning for a rural area.
Single family home neighborhoods are an American dream, and certainly not the problem. Tyrannical over regulated HOA communities ARE. Research homeowner associations and learn something aside from this limited info mostly opine video🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 I have been to Europe, visiting family. I live in the USA. Every country has benefits and draw backs, pending an individuals preferences and choices. We have 50 states to choose from, all with notable  differences those who live there relish, for better or worse... just like any other destination, Choices.  Kindness and manners here of everyone ❤ Good convos and varied points
I'm from Phoenix  Az and there are many defunct malls all over the valley of the☀️ I just watched a video yesterday about how they are turning the upper floors into apartments in some, not sure where, maybe not here, perhaps metro center and, I think that was an original concept/intention. The thought of going down stairs to a german cafe to have a 🍺 buy a 🥪 maybe a 👕 sounds great.  Of course the layout of the stores, now small apartments, all lined up makes for perhaps a privacy issue to deal with, with all the neighbors inclose proximity, you can imagine fom having shopped in a mall, kinda like a prison, but with blinds, and the sound reduction quality,  I would love it. I'm a retired senior now living in a studio apt., more than sufficient for me, which is a ghost town for the most part. So many memories I have, driving to fiesta mall in Mesa, to work in a hair salon, now all torn down. What a waste. We now have light rail train but it does not go everywhere and I no longer drive 🚗
The problem isn’t access to stores and dinning within walkable distances - it’s the distance to employment.  If working remotely replaced all office work, this type of living would be more feasible.  Having a car gives the flexibility to work anywhere within driving distance and not limit employment opportunities to areas nearby.  Two working spouses amplifies this need as it makes it even more difficult to live near both spouses place of employment.  In addition, 30 year loans with changing interest rates and high fees to buy and sell lock you into a location and are obstacles for relocating if employment changes.  I live in the suburbs and live a 5 minute drive to grocery stores, gyms, shopping, dinning, multiple parks and within a 10 minute drive of all our kids K-12 schools.  The problem is It takes a 45 minute drive to get to work when I could work as efficiently from home (and do once a week).  Instead, I have a manager who flys in from Chicago every other week and we still hold meetings on teams despite being in the same small 6000 sqft office building.  My previous employment was 35 minutes away in the opposite direction.
The building quality of these new builds are crap.
United States of parking lots
United States of antidepressants
Archologies miles high buildings the size of football feilds with all the features of a city like shopping theatres  all in one building!
ill take any house, sheesh
Dont you dare compare books to fake news or the kardashians again or you’ll lose me before you even make a solid point 😭🤣 #morebooks #lessscreens
As a commercial real estate appraiser who appraises all different types of residential subdivisions, I am excited to watch a long video about zoning.  Btw they can apply for a change in zoning…I’m sure you’ll address this. 1:30
High density ends up meaning high density; what is pitched as a "reasonable" solution ends up putting people so close together, it's asses to elbows. The image that is projected is that people can live in highly dense cities, but live as if they are in quaint little European villages. There are restrictions placed on zoning because otherwise developers would cram in skyskrapers everywhere.
Idk why I am watching this in the last few year I have either lived in a dry cabin in the mountains of Alaska or a non-road accessible fishing camp in Alaska lol
Also realize the growing infestation of conspiracy idiots that believe the UN is driving us into high density house so populations can be more controlled. For what reason I still don’t understand. Out of control and unchecked private equity firms is what’s controlling us all- they are dictating where we live.
This is not what I thought it was going to be.
Yep
I hate the suburbs. They are devoid of any life, character, spirit. They’re dead ends.
Fuck Sterling Ranch, CO
Climate Change.....  = BULLSHIT.
Whats a bag of milk
we have walkable cities you just gotta actually go to a small town
Perhaps we could solve this by not letting several million people who aren’t vetted in any way into the country every year. I know that’s a bit radical though, forgive me.
I almost quit watching three times out of anger at the way America has been shaped by nitwits and greedy asshats. But you are so darn likable and cute as a button, so I persevered. Thank you for this video, fantastic job!  Now can you plz tackle modern-day colonialism via ICSID and explain the petrodollar economy, BRICS, and paleoconservatist-isolationism in a funny and approachable way to all of America? Thx. 😂
F off with your climate change BS
Besides attending board meetings, what are other ways to help? Such as writing to representatives, signing a petition, or voting?
Cities super suck, suburbs kinda suck, small towns are hit or miss and the country is pretty nice. All my cousins grew up in suburbs and they all turned out unscathed. It might have been more boring for them and they might have spent more time with family than the rest of us, but it's something I wish I had growing up now. I thought they were just sheltered but that sheltered life kept them out of getting into big trouble. Build more single family houses! We desperately need it.
It really really really sucks to live in USA for this reason. AMong a few others, but the fact that car companies and oil companies want to maintain sales of cars we can never have a healthy environment with walkable towns and easiliy accessible city centers where people can do more than just work. This country is basically run like a backwards backwater shithole. With the richest people creating a barrier to a good life just so they can have an exclusive ownership of it. That's why only a handful of people make so much money. Not because they actually do anything. Just look at the CEO of United Healthcare. The stock went up after he was killed.
Unfortunately, the policies that supposedly "eliminated single family Zoning" haven't really done that. As someone in the middle of the search for a home in a supposedly progressive city in a progressive state, the only multi-family housing available is million-dollar waterfront condos or run-down complexes that call themselves apartments yet are somehow still Car-dependent and 60% parking lot. Looking at the Zoning codes for our city, pretty much everything is still single-family in practice, just with the option to add an ADU. This is true even in many blocks downtown. In short, more proactive policies are needed to force cities to abandon this kind of zoning where it makes sense to do so, because otherwise, the Karens and the NIMBYs will always win. Building regulations also need to be simplified, since "progressive" cities tend to have such onerous regulations that only luxury housing can make a profit. There also needs to be more centralized planning of transit, as our current transit planning process is too expensive and slow to keep up with growth (and no, biking won't solve that). In sum, while it's easy to say the big bogey man is R-1 zoning and that all we need to do is get rid of that, reality is much more complicated, and there isn't a single policy change that will end suburban sprawl.
It's not really fun listening to your liberal politics while trying to learn about important parts of American design.
People who think high density housing is good has obviously never lived in it. People are rude and inconsiderate and good luck getting a good night's sleep to be at your best for work the next day when some a-hole with a subwoofer thinks Tuesday night is the best night for a rave. A friend has the best quote which was "how do you sleep knowing it just takes one neighbor to leave the stove on for the whole place to burn down" If you want "walkable" and high density go find some packed downtown area to live in. I want my peace.
I used to live on the East side of Sheridan near Belmar, and that area was slightly walkable, but I still relied heavily on a car in order to get to Belmar for groceries and the train station for work. Moved to Five Points (historically black neighborhood along a trolley line) and it changed my whole life. I sold my car, walk or take public transit nearly all the time, and feel like I know my neighborhood and the people in it much better. I can walk to work, to the store, the park, the library, the bar. I never want to live anywhere that isn’t walkable again!
What a bunch of made up doo doo scam climate change.  Just raise my taxes and freedoms........that should fix the made up climate hoax.
My only concern would be the exhorbitant HOA fees the condos charge in develoopments like you showed in COlorado
Don’t listen to this guy, he’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. College boy thinks he knows it all, he’s completely and ignorantly wrong.
One time I was in the city with my girlfriend and her children. We parked in a garage and walked 5 minutes to an ice cream store. The children complained that we couldn't drive there... So many Americans are scared of using their legs. As if the act of walking will magically kill them. Society has trained them to believe that they HAVE to drive everywhere. They've never even considered that maybe life without a car would be better.
You never worked for a city and it shows
Cant wait till i buy my 1-5 acre piece of land so i can walk into my backyard nd tan naked whenever i want to. If im considered energy intensive i might as well do it with intensity lol
Go park your Prius under your apartment and worry about the climate on your own. We’re not short on space, water, power or food for actual houses for families. We’re only short on political leadership not concerned with choking freedom out.
Thank you for pointing this out!
So no zoning laws sounds like the answer
The suburbs are a return to rural, and getting away from scummy cities, the climate is changing, there is no "Climate Crisis", people like you need to go away.
We just need to do away with R1 completely.
You can get bagged milk in Minnesota and Wisconsin.
When we build apartments can we make them soundproof please
I......WANT........MEGABLOCKS!
Taxes can't support density like this.  It strips resources from the rural areas into cities.
Hey! Denver! Is a place! Where I might live! First-time watcher - loved it!  Watch out John Oliver!
People want McMansions tho!
I'd never want to live in a close little tiny place like that. Also.... Our planet is a giant ball. It spins. Twice in it's history before we existed... Earth got warm enough to have tropical forests on the North and South poles. Then cold enough to freeze them over with ice. Sooooo. Sorry guys, we aren't gods. We can't stop climate change. We never started it. Our planet does this on its own.
Abag of milk reduces the amount of plastic in landfills.
You have the same voice as drew gooden
Here's my take-away from this video, and it's portrayal of the slow destruction of Ameria with decades old car-centric city and suburban planning: How the f*k do you pour milk out of a bag??
Elon says we can’t really affect climate change even if we tried. So why we still talking about this? We aren’t that significant. Erth 2 big
Laws that were written to increase suburbs can be rewritten to allow low income urban housing to be built.
Houses should not be allowed to be closer than half a mile to each other. Small rural communities for the win
Huh, im a single family. Why is it called a single family, yet is not an option for said family.
Single family homes keep the murder rate down though.
The suburbs are the productive sector though so in reality it’s those who are in the city costing the suburbs money in state funds. Climate change is happening where the majority of Americans are not going to agree with you is it being man made. Also Mother Nature doesn’t to ransoms.
What are you saying? You want us all to live in the same camp
I know what you're saying brother! (LOL) I live in Northern Colorado and thankfully, there's been some smart people on the zoning boards and we're seeing tons of apartments pop up. Now the stinky thing is that I can't afford any of them because you know, income doesn't increase at the rate of inflation, but at least they're doing it! 😂
those things are like once a month maybe, and you have to like look it up or call the city hall, and then(and this is the worst part) you have to REMEMBER to go to the friggin meeting...that is why only old people go to them.
Ok, you can live in a multi story apartment with the riff raff of society, I'll keep my small house in the countryside. I will say that Americans are in love with the idea of enormous homes. 90% of the people watching this either live in a huge house or wish they did.
Hi. Adjust you camera settings or use ND filter. You re moving too fast in the frame its hard to watch )
Take a shot every time the liberal mentions racism
I like driving cars but only if i don't need to like driving to work.😅
A bag of milk 😂!
I actually like the suburbs. I don’t want to be smack dab In the middle of all the degeneracy of the city or living in an apartment with a bunch of people who don’t have respect for themselves or others. I live in a court and all the neighbors are as close as family. We close the end of the street off and throw whole block party’s on 4th of July. Christmas light competitions. Last thing I want is to be in an area where I can hear the homeless people outside screaming off the fent. The city isn’t to far from my house and every time I visit, it makes me glad I live in the burbs.
In my immediate area (large acre suburbs) I'm the only adult that walks regularly. I see only children and the rare adult walking the dog. If people want to walk for leisure, they drive 15 miles away to a forest preserve. Also, the region can get very cold and icy for a season. While I enjoy the challenge, a whole lot of people can't or won't. Then there's also dogs, been attacked 3 times in the last 6 months. Most people would rather drive. Honestly, I don't think most adults here are in good enough shape to walk any great distance.
WOKE PROPAGANDA ON OFFER HERE as the Socialist "useful idiots" (as Lenin described them) try to destroy our lives and TAKE AWAY our ability to own anything for the MOST FOOLISH OF REASONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Quite frankly I am sure the maker of this video is the sort of guy who would end up getting shot in the head with a BB gun even if he DID HAVE ACCESS TO A  CAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Woke WACK JOBS FAIL TO NOTICE that people PREFER LIVING IN THE SUBURBS - where they can actually OWN SOMETHING and have a little privacy and be shielded from noise etc......................... as opposed to being CRAMMED INTO AN ODIOUS LIE-beral 15 minute city urban design SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Woke Wackos NEGLECT TO MENTION just how many homeless DRUG ADDICTS AND MENTALLY ILL PEOPLE live in the dense urban cores of our cities!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The Woke Wackos like the idea of taking BB guns away from stupid children and letting them instead roam  freely among criminals and perverts in the nearly lawless parks full of TENT PEOPLE that LIE-berals are supporting and encouraging in their horrible life style!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cities are trash and high density housing is awful
Just lower immigration to keep the population stable
Mixed use zoning is great until you put one up right next to a guy's single family house.  But F that guy.
This is stupid
That's why I moved out of the US last summer and went back to Poland. I love US, don't get me wrong, but it's just so wonderful to just walk everywhere again. I can grab dinner, have lunch with a friend, go to a doctor's office - all by foot (or public transport). I move my body again!
Wow, looks like Superior Colorado.
13:47 "normal things like... Buying a BAG of milk"
We don’t need apartments we need hobbit villages obviously.
Would love to hear some real information but got so annoyed I couldn't make it past minute 2.
I wouldn't make my worst enemy live on a big city.  Fu...king cess pools of crime,  homeless,  tweekers.. etc. I lived in Milwaukee for 40 years.  Its finally the Democrat wet dream.  I'll take my boring small town any day.
Hulk Hogan's appearance in this video gives him qualifications for a cabinet position.
Taking just an environmental perspective is highly uninformative. Shared living is awful.
17:41 might be asking why can't you be you elsewhere? Not destroy our legacy and time  ? I live rural,  worthless... but just saying  ?
I must be ? Sure I am not standard. My small town youth I had to fear bullies practically everyday. I'm sure worse the more crowded , but he knows his stuff
12:18 it's actually a good thing so many of could never afford children  ...
And some poeple complain there's not enough of us as I'm watching this video
11:00 you personally really want to live in a high rise ? Granted alot of rich do ... but a tiny home on tiny land still my greatest achievement... you can do as you  wish
So blame Ohio for suburban sprawl, got it!
I’m sure this bro makes some good points, but can’t take him seriously 🤷
Biggest problem with attached townhomes in the states is they always come with hefty HOA fees. Also they often build them with no backyard as well in favor of a garage.
11:10 = the moment when i learnt that both bros didn't watch Gilmore Girls.
I love how different New England suburbs look compared to these hoa dystopian suburbs
Bags of milk are also worse for the environment. Most jugs of milk are made of LDPE, which is easily recyclable, but the materials used for bags are often hard to recycle both based on material and form factor as they can easily jam equipment. Bags also require special (admittedly reusable) pitchers to store while open and pour. They're a bad system and need to be fixed.
When was a kid in 1994 I remember riding my bike through a construction that was about to have a cul-de-sac built on it. The neighborhood was built within some months and are now falling apart. Particle t&g siding is mostly rotted, roof shingles are curling and are needing to be replaced, foundations are sinking and bowing. I couldn't imagine being one of the saps tricked into buying one
11:16 What? that google search shows the wrong thing. The correct plural is "Culs de sac" like Rollie says a second before not "cul de sacs"
More family homes and less apartments for hipsters. We don’t want more hipster we want families. America is falling to shit and the people at top are to blame.
When I saw the title I thought of Not Just Bikes!
MULTI-UNIT HOUSE IS NOT A BAD THING, WE CAN PLACE SOUND DREADING MATERIAL BETWEEN UNITS. WE ALSO NEED WALK ABLE NEIGHBORHOODS, WERE YOU CAN BUY FOOD, HAVE A GOOD DINNER AND DRINKS ETC BY WALKING. WHERE I LIVE I HAVE TO TRAVEL 5 MILES TO ANY THING. I WAS STATIONED IN BERLIN  GER IN 74-76 AND EVERY THING WAS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE. EVERYTHING FOR FOOD STORES TO DRUGSTORES TO BARS TO CAFE'S TO... OK I'LL SAY IT WHORE HOUSES. YOU HAD EVERYTHING WITHIN BLOCKS.
Zoning laws save America from being paved over and turned into highrises and prisons. We can move to the country, suburbs, or cities as we want ... Because of zoning laws
we used to buy bags of cheap wine in the good old days
I see the problem with suburbs in terms that there're only single family houses and these families are nuclear and have to have each their own set of appliances, utilities and a car or a few. I think the US would benefit from going back from nuclear families to extended ones where several generations live under one house. Increased size of the houses would minimize the number households and land lots overall, saving space to some extent and also providing an opportunity running a small business or some workshop. The idea that every young generation have to deserve and earn their stable life without help is clearly harming that country.
@Rumade 2 years ago Walkable neighbourhoods cut DUIs too. Walking home tipsy is one of life's great pleasures. You feel like you're gliding. 10K  Unti cops pick you up for public intoxication, and have your license suspended, have to take 24 hrs of DUI classes as if you were busted for DUI and have to listen to madd shaming you for DUI even though you had couple of beers and was walking home, have to pay hefty tax oops I meant fines. Yeah let me know how that went when cop who is behind on his quotas and busts you. It happened to a friend of mine.
@manonthemoog 5 months ago (edited) @richardboult2187  It would have been quite easy to find a cab. But finding the extra 40 bucks to pay for it was much harder.  $40 was about 1/3 the cost of the microwave.  My point remains the same: it is harder to buy shit when you live in a city. This is why we let cities die and build endless roads and suburbs. 1  And let’s not forget most cabby’s won’t let you haul bulky items, like microwaves, a/c etc. not to mention owning a car is more convenient, especially around holidays or grocery shopping. In my hometown buses in my neighborhood runs till 6pm have to be at station by 545 to catch the last ride home. And if the bus is running late you miss your connection your walking home for hours and in the rain/snow fall carrying your goods.  Furthermore they run every hour on Saturdays till 530, and then they shut down for Sundays. So in my situation I would have to schedule my life around the city transit. No thanks I’ll keep my old beater with heater. And enjoy my freedom. When I retire in 4 1/2 yrs (knock on wood) I’m retiring to TN on my 6 acre lot in the suburbs of Jamestown. I’ll buy me a Single wide or small modular depending on the market and retire to suburbs.
Is that the College on Mines I see?
I honestly like the suburbs. Not something in the middle of nowhere, but more “small city” than anything. A lot of parents choose to raise their kids in the suburbs simply because it’s a better environment. There’s typically more nature, less crime, better schools, and lower costs for recreational activities. Not everyone wants to live the big city life of a pretentious hipster who looks down their nose at anyone who doesn’t share their narrow vision for how they think society should be governed and reformed.
Yeah, no one wants high density housing. It contributes to societal collapse and to make the argument it will affect climate change is big dumb.
How about making fewer humans to consume all the resources and ruin all the space?  Why do we never talk about overpopulation?
Rail transport and high density housing in neighborhoods that have amenities. Won't work because of Crime? Now what ?
People=bad. Why would i want to live near more of them?
Why is nobody talking about the girl at 3:31?
wait was it Jason from not just bikes in this video ???
Love the video, well done.. Adding the Hulk Hogan was great, lol- thank you...
Wait he said the plural was culs de sac but when he highlighted the Google result it said cul de sacs, WHICH IS IT!!
Very impressed by the completeness of this video.  Our town has a multi use community built with shopping, housing etc but the condos and apartments built are way out of reach, there really needs to be requirements that x% has to be affordable.
Stay in canada please.  Let the rest of the wprld be. U r exactly what jas caused the canadian tyrant trudaue to hold power in ur country
In Switzerland the zoning is made in the way that older single family houses are replaced by high quality multi family housing, it allows to leverage existing transport infrastructure (e.g. increase train frequency) instead of having to build new ones. Land is also scarce. Within 15’ walk in a smaller town you can do groceries, go to the restaurant, get a haircut or reach a train station. Cars are mostly for weekend activities (and yet public transport goes even to the most remote areas)
a bag of milk sound raicst now :))
Thanks
17:45 these people are called NIMBYs standing for Not In My BackYard lol
Back in the 80's we had the Sierra club coming after us, as we road and raced desert (dirt bikes) in the Lucerne Valley desert (California).  They were trying to save some turtle or who knows what.  They even made these spikes and put them on our course, hoping we'd get injured or disabled.  What I wondered at the time was why they weren't going after the housing developers.  Sure, a few dirt bike trails is somewhat damaging, but almost next to nothing.  Pave over everything with houses and malls and all of the other infrastructure that comes with it, and nothing wild lives, except some bugs, rodents, and birds.  Today, that high desert has become highly populated, and the land that remains while allowing off road vehicles still have the native wildlife.
City planning goes way back to the medieval world, and was arguably much better (albeit with considerably smaller towns) vis a vis things like clean water and drainage, in the 14th-16th century than it was in the 18th-19th. If you've ever walked through a medieval town center in Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Poland, Czechia etc., you may recognize certain common features. Many of these towns (like for example, Bern Switzerland, or Siena Italy) still have functional water systems dating back 500 years or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lokator
Most people don't like apartments and shared living areas. I think most humble people want their own land and a nice home on that land. Something that is manageable, offers privacy and quiet. Then you have a central town everyone can go to, while also allowing people to start their own business if they wish.
Wow, I live right next to that Jefferson County building. How bout that?
I moved to a loft downtown. I have enough privacy. No grocery store. But my job is close by. I hate that it's more expensive to try to live in a walkable situation.
As an lump of carbon based lifeform, i like sounds and shapes.
Ya got my subscribe...Well researched and presented with a wonderfully warped sense of black humor  that helps make the facts hit home and be cemented in one's numbskull......"A place for the Sharks and the Jets to knife fight to the death"  killed me.   The Jersey City in me adored that one..
I hope you come to learn soon that nobody actually wants to live in high density housing. A regular house is always the end goal for people in that situation.  Edit: ESPECIALLY PEOPLE WITH FAMILIES
Does anyone else hate mowing laws and trimming bushes and raking leaves?
Bag of milk uses less material and fits into a reusable jug once at home.
I"m with you... don't use bags to hold liquids.
America was build by car and oil industry lobby.
The only benefit to suburbs: Halloween
This message would be more receivable if it were coming from a more oppressed identifier
Four stories? That won’t be high enough to give all people housing. Between 1850 and 1950, 50 million people immigrated to USA so they should have started building at least 20 stories up to have enough housing! We need 40 story Tower cities, every tower with all things! Plus outdoor parks, bike trails, etc. And for a while we’ll need some rental cars, but eventually we need to eliminate all vehicles, because that’s the best way to eliminate climate change. And actually, we should have built ONLY 40 story buildings since 1900! Because CARS killed millions of people, 50,000 every year, leaving orphans. Electric cars will still KILL lots of people, including children!  P.S. I love your videos.
Jajajajaja suburbs suck, cities suck, the country sucks.😂😂😂😂😂 Move to mars I guess. Or maybe this guy just wants views on YouTube.
Another know-it-all full of opinions. They are a dime a dozen.
it seems like i might be living in a dystopia, actually
i have, in fact, been to not just one but two of those terrible zoning meetings as a date
18:45 I'm not your parents.... no no no no I'm from England, so i feel like i should inform you that the it's no (s) at the end of parent. (Unless you are talking about multiple sets of parents.)  Other than that very informative vid. 👏🏽💯
School funding which relies in property taxes encourages higher taxed single family homes. Change the way city services are funded that you have a major barrier to apartments, townhouses and higher density housing.
17:00 actually I did do that recently. And there was no oppositions to us rezoning an area around a light rail station for more high density housing and buildings
"burned to the ground by climate change." Because the alternative utopia is to scientifically engineer the climate so it is a constant non-changing thing. 🤣
I can’t stand how they build houses anymore.   It’s no wonder everyone is going berserk!
Suburbs are far too dense for me. Move to the country and work from home
If i wanted to live in high density housing, I'd live in the city.   Why would you think the suburbs don't want single family housing.
Liberal: Waah suburbs bad. Waah car bad. Waah private property bad.
Such an amazing and eye opening video!!🤎
This is a purely American issue, like school shootings. How is such a rich and powerful country so bad at stuff?
Learning from America, in so many ways, means learning how to NOT do things.
I laughed so hard throughout this whole episode.  But I learned a lot of good stuff too, and shared it with my family.  Thank you!
The Hulk Hogan clips really hit different now... lol
Great video as always - one nit pick - there are real differences in peoples rights in real public spaces vs faux ones like the one in the former mall.  Eg: You don’t have the same rights to free speech- you can be kicked out of the mall for wearing a t shirt with a political message… or making some septuagenarian feel uncomfortable because you have funny colored hair or skin …
Even in earthquake-heavy zones, adjusting to double-story housing would reduce sprawl tremendously, reduce flash floods, and help restore natural reservoirs
I don't wanna live within 10 sq miles of the nearest person🥱
I had a high school project where we were supposed to find a problem in our community, and propose a solution to it. I didn't quite understand the assignment apparently, because I did my presentation about the low density zoning of our suburban town, and everyone else did it on things like "Our school doesn't have urinal dividers!" and "This one road could use some streetlights."
#justiceforbaggedmilk
Wouldn’t bags of milk use less plastic than the classic American gallon jug and be more efficient to ship? If I recall correctly Canadians then put the milk in a reusable brita-style pitcher. I think that’s pretty cool.
Things are the way they are because people overwhelming wanted them to be that way and very much like the way they are.  There never was, nor is there now, any nefarious conspiracy between builders and local zoning boards to zone land for nothing else but single family homes.  My parents moved out a what was actually a fairy nice neighborhood on the west side of Detroit with nice two-story brick houses and residential streets lined with stately matue elm trees.  But those homes were jammed into tiny lots with postage-stamp back yards and one-car garages.  They left to buy a larger home, with larger rooms, a much larger yard, and space for a two-garage garage.  they did not leave to escape the advent of black people.  I do think it is true that well-off people don't want to live next door to poor people.  That is in no way racist.  It is defamatory to claim it is.  A huge insult.  We live under a Constitution which makes freedom of association a right.  Despite that, advocates of the poor have since the mid-1960's attempted to "end poverty" by forcing wealthier people to live alongside and send their kids to public schools with poor people.  The reasoning given in studies to support this idea is generally is pretty simplistic: the poor develop better personal habits if they associate with richer people.  Contrary, and I mean very contrary, actually as contrary as it can be, to the assertions of this video, in my neighborhood, whenever a developer announces a plan to build multi-family housing on a roadside lot with single family homes behind it, the protests against the proposal are massive.  People don't want higher population density.  People don't want the increased congestion caused by it, or the increased traffic.  They are very, very happy living in their own homes amidst a lot of single family homes.  You can't bootstrap wacko ideas about new zoning rules into popularity by insulting the existing residents and citizens and presenting anecdotal stories of financially struggling young adults who wish they could afford to live in a nice suburban environment. but can't afford to do so unless somebody builds a bunch of high-rises containng 800 ft. sq. apartments there.
I come from a third world country where the majority of the housing in the cities is high-density housing, yet I live in the US. The idea of everybody owning their separate home with a yard is nice, but not feasible. I love the wild vastness of the Western US, and it would break my heart to see the vastness of the West be consumed by suburbs 😢
Hey thanks for championing this, I’ve only recently discovered Christopher Alexanders work of “pattern language”, “The Timeless Way Of Building” and “the Nature of Order”. Suffice to say, thanks for being passionate about changing neighbourhood design in pursuit of “wholeness and human wellbeing”.
This was the one! Thanks for orange-pilling me, Rollie -- Michelle
green screen
‘Character of the neighbourhood’ ? Tell that to gentrification.
Trying to shame people for not wanting to live amongst people with propensity for crime, antisocial behaviour, and a lack of desire to maintain property
You are incredible!  Fantastic discussion about a fascinating topic. And hilarious! Thank you so very much!   From Tasmania, Australia
You had me at bag of milk...
This video highligts the absolute worst of america. I hated living there just because of having to drive for everything.
There is a MASSIVE problem with higher density housing in the US. We are not a collectivist society. At all. People DO NOT respect the rights of others. There is no such thing as decorum or anything even remotely looking like civilized behavior at time. When I lived in Germany and traveled around Europe, I would have lived in downtown in a heartbeat. People understood the idea of respecting others and the laws regarding decorum were enforced. Further, in the US, due to a lack of collectivism, we can see that crime is HIGHER in dense areas.   It is highly unlikely that what you suggest will change anything because people who don't want to deal with those who act like assholes will continue to leave to go elsewhere. The fight, at least for the US, needs to be about using materials with a lower footprint, investing in better scalable energy, and driving towards making the sprawl more friendly. The culture is not going to change and that is the major problem.   I live in a population dense area near the downtown of a major city. There is too much crime, particularly for what I paid for my home, it is too loud, and people don't care that others may be anywhere near them. I HAVE to move out to the burbs because I cannot put up with this any longer. I gave it a few years and I cannot deal with the rampant idiots and lack of community.
And don't forget that everyone who lives in these identical hellholes needs to have a whopping great truck, jacked to the sky, so he feels like the big man of the burbs.
Hey that’s my neighborhood asshole! Kidding.
I love bagged milk. You just put it in a carton, and it creates way less waste than cartons.
bag of milk ... must some weird country s weird tradition ... stares at canada
what I don't understand are those homeowner associations, you own a house but you can't do anything you want with it so like you don't own it at all
I love single family zoning because I don’t want a 4-story Section 8 apartment building next to my property. And there’s nothing wrong with that.
Oh brother, that man saying "it doesn't fit with the neighborhood" is rich. His generation always complains about their lives being hard, having to adapt to different hardships, and situations but now after retiring is bitching because he doesn't want change. Then he'll complain why younger generations are soft.
The suburbs suck ass. Don't see how anyone wants to live there.
I dont feel like im living proper life goals f im not pursueing my own home. Like i dont want to rent forever. Am i supposed to want a condo instead?? I straight up dont know. Seriously. Someone help
Man, Americans are weird, they live in disposable cardboard houses, get stuck in traffic for 3+ hours, work for $10 an hour and still say their country is the best in the world
Little boxes on the hillside, and they're all made out of ticky-tacky (trash).
sorry but that outfit is a mess
The suburbs were created because people wanted to escape the city's crime and grime. Make cities pleasant places to live again, and people will flood back in. His half-baked mixed-use solution will only create more sprawl; we must focus on doing the hard things to develop a higher-trust society for the 15-minute walkable city to blossom again.
American suburbs are boring, no social life, no people outside, no children playing outside. Americans are just materialistic consumers. They have no social life, all they care about is how much money they have in their bank accounts, their cars and houses. I think they need to travel a little and get outside their bubbles.
Humans aren't meant to live on top of each other. We learned this with tenements and projects around the U.S. Of course developers want it, because it increases their square foot return on investment. This is not about the planet or quality of life. I'm willing to bet it's an excuse to kick people out of their single family homes that, if you didn't know are now housing multiple extended families😳😔. It just doesn't stop, smh.
When he cut to Colorado I said “ah the villas at kennies house” “welcome home”
I remember growing up in the burbs.  Lived at home when I went to college.  Took the bus to college.  I could watch the bus from our living room window.  We could hear the diesel engine.  It was a 25 minutes walk to the nearest bus stop.
I used to live in a small mountain town. You could bike basically everywhere within 20 minutes. There were almost no apartment buildings or buildings more than 3 stories tall. Most people lived in single family homes too. The big difference was that there were only a couple neighborhoods/suburbs, most homes were only a couple blocks from the main street.
Jason - great job on the video here. I live in Stapleton, now Central Park - looks like you are from Denver metro. Love the comments here. I spend a lot of time in Medellin Colombia, hands down one of the great cities of the world despite its reputation a.k.a. the Cartel (30 yrs ago btw). They have an amazing public transit system that includes a gondola system that transports people to/from the hills surrounding Medellin to downtown so they can work and shop. There are speed bumps on all of the streets except for major arteries to ensure cars and motorcycles don’t go too fast - basically pedestrians are numero uno. Despite all of this advancement, like Canadians they also have milk in plastic bags. WTF?! Anyhow - keep up the good work. I’ve lived in the Central Park neighborhood in Denver for 21 years now - mixed use from the beginning.
That looks like an urban diaspora. In the suburbs people own large lots and houses are not compressed so close together everything looks like row houses. Think small houses built on two acre lots. Most downtowns are not as crowded as your alleged suburbs. Ever been outside of Manhattan?
you sir need to pull your head out of your behind and stop huffing your own gas
these videos should have 350million views
Those walkable neighborhoods look horrid, all concrete, no gardens, no greenhouses, no forest no earth sheltered solar houses.  Ugh, pure hell.
Thecorehome.  Zero energy self heating and cooling, nigh indestructible building template.  Did I mention they can be built with forty percent less material than a traditional structure, it is the real green solution.  Go look at how the condo apartments are doing in Florida and tell me what a great investment that is for america's future... I am old enough to have seen apartment buildings go up and be destroyed within my lifetime, It's an insanely inefficient building technique rife with more problems than I care to mention in a comment.
The bag of milk joke made me giggle since thats the main way milk gets sold in my country (we call them sachet). Also nice video!! I'm currently researching about zoning laws in DC and this video was a good introduction to the topic
the answer to cities is to dig a hole and build underground. much less energy required over the life of the home to heat and cool it! skylights can light the building, reflective tubes like the "sun tunnels" can direct light where you want. almost the entire roof can be used for growing carbon sequestering plants and trees, instead of absorbing the radiation (heat)from the sun, storing it and releasing it at night, thus increasing the heat in cities and causing the global warming!! its the "DATA CENTERS" that collect and store every thing you do and say, etc... that are using up the majority of the water and will require more every day, BECAUSE THOSE BIG COMPUTERS GENERATE HEAT AND NEED COOLING!! SO TO HELL WITH BIG TECH!!!
15 MINUTE CITIES COMING TO YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD!!!  GIVE ME THE GREAT OUTDOORS FAR AWAY FROM CITIES!!  I CANT STAND LIVING WHERE I CAN SEE THE NEIGHBORS HOME BY LOOKING OUT MY WINDOW OR OFF MY PORCH!!   THE HOUSING LAWS ARE CREATING THE GLOBAL WARMING WITH ALL THEIR CONCRETE AND ASPHALT PAVEMENT, ASPHALT ROOFS ETC.... AND GRASS YARDS, ARE THE BIGGEST SCAM OF ALL!!  RAISING FOOD IN THE AREA YOUR GROWING, WATERING, FERTILIZING AND MOWING IS THE BEST USE!! I ABSOLUTELY HATE GRASS AND HAVING TO MOW IT!!!
The bags of milk come from when Canada switched to the metric system, but all milk jugs were in imperial measurements.  It was a quick fix until machinery was retooled to produce metric containers.  However I can tell you from living in Canada for a few years that the Milk Bags are pretty cool.  You buy a big bag subdivided into smaller bags, and throw what you don't need immediately into the freezer to keep longer.  You also buy a plastic pitcher designed specifically for the bags and cut off the corner of the bag to dispense.  It works better than you would think.  Here in Wisconsin you can buy bagged milk at places like Kwik Trip.
14:30 I also took a pause at "bag of milk - I knew it existed, but . . . I don't know, brain not working now.
Eric Rosen as in international master Eric Rosen!?
Giving a Like because it's refreshing to hear a real voice. Instead of AI-generated. Especially "that voice" with the nasal snarl which seems to be the de facto with many content creators. Whenever I hear that voice, I'd just move on to the next video. So, content creators - even if you don't have perfect diction and pronunciation, I believe many would rather hear this than that AI-generated voice.
Muricans deeply recognise that all of them are means for oligarchical ends, but what you gonna do, your precursors already sold all their belongings for a one way trip to a dream land, where they can slave away their lives for a slim occurrence that their offsprings could get somewhat valid education, with which their owners would be slighlty more appreciative of them. So, what you gonna do when you can do nothing, you will project your deeply seated rage on anything, and with slight guidence, on something around you. You will be used by your overlords to seed carnage and despair wherever they deemed necessary. And they deem everything.
I'm a landlord and have a vision of gardening complex near mass transit. They have something that could work that way in China. I made most of my complexes garden friendly. Most people did not take advantage. My personal unit usually had great gardens than new owners pulled out.
Lay off the soy.
1:30 i love that instead of shorter, the video got ten seconds longer
Not having rural acreage and having to live on top of one another is literally my nightmare. I love not seeing anyone or any place they live when I am in my yard. The very LAST place i want to live is a packed in city.
Fabulous Jacket. Had to be said.
hello, i would like to add something very important about the culs de sacs. In french, it means "ass of bags". That's it, that was my very important contribution.
The premise that suburbs are bad and people dont want them is so inherently flawed i cant watch the rest of the video.. everyone I know hates these walkable areas and loves their home. Gimme a big parking lot, a car and a house with a bit of yard. Enough yard for a workshop if possible. The argument that kids are bored in suburbs is a terrible one to begin with even before the Internet, but now its even more flawed. This whole city living things is just frustrating terrible.  Don't bother @ing me, ive long since determined any opinion counter to mine stems from ignorance. Dont blame me, blame the 50ish people I listened to with an open mind and they couldnt come up with a single logical argument agaunst suburbs.  Note that i live in an area with near-infinite space, and i recommend yall do the same. Cramming into cities has no value anymore.
I for one don’t want to hear the people in the apartment above go to the toilet or the people below rattling the walls with their bass and their visitors taking my parking space.
The only way america's population is going to increase by 100 is if its imported. Nobody is having them, or can afford them.
There's so much racism in the US !! And now everyone is racist against any another race. I'm a white non fat blonde white woman and work as a CNA and everyone thinks that I'm a nurse or in authority and the blacks and the Latino cannot stand me. I'm from Europe and it took me a while to see how much they looked down on me and how big divide there is between the cultures on all sides. Therefore I call USA The DTA or The Divided Tribes of America   I've been in a gas station on the reservations and seen the natives look at me like a was a cockroach or something. So if you're  white and you're going to move to USA you better have a good chunk of money because of you don't all other race would like to crush you.
I do like your video. however, is the Hulk Hogan thing really your political choice? He's a Trump supporter.
after living in europe, coming back home has made me very upset. adn lets not even get on the nonsensical public trans either. *angry voice
single family homes in the US are built with toothpicks and cardboard. if they were built correctly they wouldnt be so bad to maintain livable conditions. spending 100s of thousands of daollars for cardboard homes is the single most stupid thing people spend their money on. so both things needs to happen
All these christmas TV-movies showes small citys with everything in town in walking distanse. These movies could be used as an argument, that way they would get usesful 😆
“Now that what I call suburbanized racism” is taking me outtttt
Meanwhile zoning in Italy is ignored by everyone. I mean, zoning laws do exist in Italy, but everyone pretty much does  whatever they want.
USA is larger than continental Europe and yet Europe is more diverse in every way than the US.
Like your vids very much!
In which zoning is a Big Single's House for Sh*tp*ntz** allowed?
Oh come on now, how many people would prefer to live in an apartment or condominium compared to a single family house?  It's bad enough in a house when your neighbor has a party, I can't imagine what it would be like when you share a wall.  Then there's parking...  No driveway, you have to walk through the apartment complex to get to your place and possibly climb stairs if you're on the send floor.  Also there's the lack of freedom to do what you want with the place.  Can't paint it what color you want.  You have to pay into whatever their flavor of a HOA is...  The ONLY up side I can think of is no lawn to mow.
11:16 casually highlights the *wrong* part of the google search.
I live in a "High Density Building"  that was brand new and built in 2018 and I absolutely despise it.  It's basically a giant house, where you live with a shit ton of people and their BS!  The hallways stink of marijuana, cigarettes and burning food from the other tenants units.  The screaming babies, the rowdy children and the loud sound systems is my absolute favourite.  Not to mention no parking for your guest, the overfilled garbage & recycling area so people just put their bags of garbage on the ground, the elevators break so its good times for the folks who live on the top floor trying to get their groceries up those damn stairs. Don't even get me started on the cockroach issue that happens at least every 2yrs.  It truly is a great idea and their is a need for High Density residences but sadly its the people that ruin it for others and turn it into a nightmare.   Its not fun having your packages stolen, dog piss outside your front door because others pets are not trained, disrespectful and loud guest and having your parking space taken by a A-Hole forcing you to park on the street, even though you paid for that spot and don't you dare have their car towed because the tenants for whom were involved, will key your car and dump finger nail polish remover all over it!....   So yeah - I absolutely HATE it and can't wait to go and buy an over priced home, owned by some greedy corporation or hedge fund!.... 😔
I don't want to about other groups ever again. None of those groups were in the US. Zoning was created to stop black ppl only. Yall kill me with trying to act like other ppl were treated like blacks. You prove what I'm saying when you showed the article about negro dance hall. It didn't say nothing about Jews, fat, short, tall, disabled, Asian or any other groups ppl come up with.
It's american dream to be stuck in suburbian hell where you go from closed space in your house to closed space in your car to go to closed space in shop/work and back to closed space in house
I don't mind the attached housing and prefer not suburban as it is sprawling...but I don't want HOA that is high and may get higher.
Tim Poole lookin’ ah dude 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bagged milk is your best deal. A plastic chalice holds each bag in place.
If given the choice I actually prefer to live in a DRIVEABLE area with spacious homes. City planning should focus on quality of life rather than political agendas of any kind. I hope the zoning laws you critisize here stay forever.They haven't made every town pretty, thats in deed true, but they have helped to form an individualist society that is immune to all kinds of socialism except cultural socialism which is loud and sometimes annoying but also funny, harmless and above all: POWERLESS. In a way these suburbs and the way they vote have saved America from a lot of harm.
All of those pieces of shit look exactly the same ,, That could be fucking dangerous nowadays
That looks like a nice section 8 community to me
With my german perspective i only can say "your zoning law is fucked up". Imagine: i can WALK to my job, the grocery store, the doctor, the bakery, my dealer, everything. everything i need is within 2,5 kilometers (thats about 1 9/16 Miles) :)
People don’t realize how big of a problem this is for elderlies as well. It’s not normal to live in a retirement home, It should be the last resort. Elderly’s should be able to walk to all of their necessities within a reasonable walking distance or a short public transit.
Agh goddamn rich old dead dudes , fucked me again , you bastards
Suburbs offer a larger number of people the opportunity to own their true own home, plus a lot more peace and quiet. I bet you still dream of owning your own home, and the ultimate form of that manifests in a single family detached. They should absolutely build more mixed housing, but that is more of a "fix the rent" issue, not a "permanent housing" issue
I guarantee this guy lives in a very non diverse part of town, and will move to the burbs if he has any kids for "better schools".
3:42...is the logo supposed to trigger thoughts of Nike...Just Do It?
Just love how many videos are out there that say suburbs should be banned and that everybody should live in apartment houses where you could be forced at any time to move out because of sudden rent increases or other fees that can suddenly make your apartment unaffordable. I have lived in the suburbs all of my life and there are a lot of problems created by simplistic zoning laws. Before modern zoning laws each suburban governmental unit had a downtown where all of the government offices and routine shopping stores were all withing walking distance. Folks not living within walking distance could drive into the downtown area and then walk to any place they had to go. The main street area was where your link to public transportation was. Also all of the retail stores and at least one or two floors above the shops for low cost housing that provided affordable housing for most of the people who worked at low paying jobs in the town. There was also on main street reasonable sized apartments houses, usually right near a bus stop. Modern zoning laws do not allow for large housing projects to contain convenience stores so that people don’t have to drive to buy daily necessities. Today in New Jersey builders can build as much housing as they want as long as a handful of units are “affordable” When I researched what the definition of affordable was it turned out to be 20% less than market price. So if the new units were selling for a million dollars, an “affordable” unit was $800,000.  The other issue is lack of public transportation. With today’s high cost of maintaining a private car the working poor have no way of getting to work. The labor shortage is not because people don’t want to work but because they can’t live with a commutable distance of where the jobs are.
American cardboardhouses zzzz
I dont care, i will still live in a house
i guess the fact that housing is no longer affordable will balance this out? housing construction is low. investment buyers are up. more multi families and multi generations are sharing a single house. all of this decreases birth rates, with majority of population growth coming from immigration which will either lead to further decrease in quality of life or tighter immigration policies. this problem might just balance itself out, for better or for worse.
3:55 housing is cheaper in japan, but japanese wages have been CRAZY stagnant, not to mention all the fees when you move into your house/apartment
He said whaaaaaaaa 😂
Coming from a guy with a family? There are pros and cons to everything in life.
climate change is bullshit - your premise is solid however. its inhumane architecture and that is the point your country is doing on purpose
I don't want to make an intelligent point here but don't you think it might be kinda stupid with all these people with no jobs and living on the streets of the US. to bring in 100 million more people in the next 30 years?  Rather than changing the zoning ordinances, perhaps we should let them in.   After all, what will we do with all their sewage, and trash?   Also, where will we get the water for them, we are already shy of enough water for the population we have now.  Also, can we afford to have that many people here who won't have a job?  How will they feed themselves?  What about medical care? and how will the pay their rent to live in the buildings he wants us to build?  Maybe not making the mistake is better than trying to fix it.
Asphalt Horror Show ist a good name for American cities
I wouldn't call excluding non-whites "racist". It's more racialist which is not necessarily a bad thing.
If I need bread, I walk to the bakery, If I need tomatoes, I go to the town popular market, If I need a tool to fix whatever, I go to the little store in the corner... and all walking. ~ #México 🇲🇽 ~ 💗
America is the whole continent, guys...😑 ~ 💗
i moved to the japanese countryside 2 years ago, and one thing that's shocked me is how i still live in a walkable community while being in a super rural location. my town has about 2000 people and is surrounded by rice fields, but i still have a grocery store, post office, bank, 2 bars, a train station, etc. within a 10 minute walk. i don't have a car OR a bike, i live in the middle of nowhere and can still walk everywhere, it's awesome
3 bags of milk for a total of 4 litres, my whole childhood. And so you know, the bag slipped into an open-top pitcher and it was quite convenient and optimal. You could drink right off the bag without any overflow spill :)
As someone with severe agoraphobia living in suburbia, I can't get my own groceries. Walking 200 metres and walking 2 kilometres are not the same thing.
Suburbs have a shopping center every few blocks. Try and find a supermarket near the city center. There is no parking there and no room for biking either.
lets not forgot how everyone hates grocery stores and how they r layed out, lets change that too
You're going to reap what you sow.  There's a reason that throughout history (and I mean further back than your racism vignette) moral and progressive people ended up fleeing cities and high density housing.  It's about wayyy more than xenophobia / agoraphobia.  Sociological dynamics are complex to analyze, and someone your age doesn't have enough experience to make the judgments that you're jumping to.  "...I view great cities as pestilential to the morals, the health and the liberties of man." -- Thomas Jefferson in a letter to Benjamin Rush
Rewatching this. Did Rollie just say his friend, "Eric Rosen"?
OH GOD THATS THE JEFFCO BUILDING  Also for the people saying how much they love the suburbs : see how your kids like it when there’s not a single other friend their age in the neighborhood and the closest they’ve got are a thirty minute drive away
Well if you want to live in a high rise then you have to live with the consequences of higher population density. Do I want my daughter riding public transport at midnight? No.
Love your work Rollie explaining why, over the last 200 years, we have truly f***** ourselves. And despite all your efforts the process is actually accelerating. Globally grim.
21-gun salute, brother!
This is why i bought scooter Vespa.but other problem
The 80's song-Living In A Box. "I'm livin' in a box! I'm living in a card board box, I'm livin' in a box!" The urban sprawl of boxes is seen in the movie ET, where they live in a new 80's subdivision.
I can't wait until all the do-gooders get the zoning laws changed and then massive football-field-sized high density apartments start springing up everywhere, and regular houses for the middle class stop being built. Then about 10 years from now we can enjoy YT videos complaining that everyone is so poor because all they can do is rent apartments, and what happened to all the houses people used to be able to buy, like in the suburbs, for example?
Wait... did he say "a BAG of milk"?? I'll have an envelope of cereal, and a bucket of eggs too please. EDIT : OK, yeah... I should have watched the whole thing before I commented. :D
People forget, as you get older, driving becomes problematic. Having a way to socialize, get groceries and such in walking distance, can be a boon to elderly people as well.
The problem with going to a zoning meeting to try to curtail the cutting down of every tree to build retail complexes and apartments near me because it will only cause more flooding problems for the existing communities is that half of the county council are developers and one other is a real estate lawyer. They acted concerned for awhile, even added extra meetings to pretend that they still care and then said they would delay the project to figure out a way to prevent flooding. Literally 2 weeks later, the trees came down and the land was excavated. When they excavated the land, they built it up to where it was higher than the road. Guess where the water will run off to. They had the plans already done and didn't want to spend the money to change them. Nor did they care about the people that gave them their seat on the county council.
A Hem, Everyone can not move to the city . This is rediculous .
Spanish guy here. Yet another European here to comment how absolutely insane most American suburbs look to us.  Also, isn't it ironic how the US, the land of freedom, the beacon of free market capitalism, is literally dictating construction companies what they should build?? Madness. Literal madness.
Ahhh yes.... BB gun wars.  Good times.
That magic of editing bit....fn brilliant
Totally agree. I'm not trying to be what I guess would be called aegis but I really find it weird how it seems that and I'm not saying every case but most of the time the smart people seem to be between minimum 30 years old and maximum 45 years old maybe it's the Sweet spot between boomers and millennials I don't know? But I'm from Milwaukee and more and more I see people starting to think like me which is very good some of the people who want to live a certain way and then we could have a good mental health City and the people who want to live the other way can go move wherever they want I haven't given much thought to how this would actually work but I do know it'd be much better to be closer to actual humans who think like you and me so that we can actually interact
I will never live in a city. I hate you all too much to want to live next to or share a wall and or a walk . I enjoy my well and traditional septic.
Looks like Parker Co
It's fascinating to see white people complaining about suburbs. Where I come from people dream of a big, beautiful house in a nice, clean, safe suburb with great neighbors and fantastic schools. Some people just don't know how blessed they are and see everything as an opportunity to complain.
I live in a single family house but I can still use public transportation to get to work in an hour and the only reason it takes an hour is because I live on the edge of town if you were more central it would take 30 minutes at most
I can't believe anyone in this video or comment section are real. High density areas are awful to live in. Suburbs have their problems, but I prefer not to see homeless people, get stuck in traffic, or having to walk when its freezing or raining. Stop using racism as a reason for why suburbs are bad. Why are you scaring people about climate change and telling them that their housing situation is terrible? Carbon in the atmosphere is good. Why is an increase in temperatures bad? The sea levels will rise!!! or will the ice in the ocean be offset by the water in the atmosphere? or will it be used by humans on land where it's not contributing to the ocean level? We don't know enough about "climate change" so stop pretending like you actually care about preserving humanity and admit that you are doing this for the fame and money that it brings in.
I actually love living in the butt of nowhere. But I hope most people would prefer living in a compact cheese box.
I’m a construction project manager.  It’s not that difficult to get properties rezoned to mixed use if as long as the city and the neighbors agree with the build.  But by that time comes, the owner should already have a good idea of the redone will be approved or not.  There’s not a lot of red tape and legal BS to go through.  Just normal bureaucratic BS.  And as for the people that go to the town meetings, this vid hits it on the head.
(゜゜;)(。。;)
Sadly, „freest country in the world“ is a little laughable anyways from a European point of view.
Stacked one on top of the other, No privacy No thank you.
Go live w the blacks you’ll praise the Suburbs
Ive lived in apartments, attached condos and a single family household.  I would rather live out of a van than go back to an apartment.  Theres no community in the vast majority of blocks. People stomping around upstairs and partying all night downstairs but never see eachother just builds hate and resentment.
Do a story on working Americans who are highly productive but produce and contribute absolutely nothing essential 🤔
Oh the whiny greentards who bemoan the comfortable suburbs.
Suburbs are far superior, which is why everyone moves here from the city as soon as they can
but can we start making it mandatory for this "higher density housing" to have some type of park or green space for the people living there .  i feel so bad for the kids in my complex never knowing what it's like to play in teh grass at home and only having hot parking lots to play in
I lived in high density housing for years but now have a single family home on 19 acres. I’d never go back to the high density setup. I find it to be a substantially worse setup. Then again Im 41, like doing a lot of homesteading, and value my privacy.   I agree with a lot of your points but I’d like to point out that dense cities are basically food deserts. When crap want down in the dense cities in the Serbian conflict, people were literally murdering each other for food by the 3rd day.
I want to live on land and privacy, not in a tiny apartment with hundreds of other people crammed in above and below me. Stuck in a noisy smelly city. No way man. Suburbs are way better. I could give a shit about walking to a shop because I dont want a shop or traffic that close to my house. We used to all own land and farms. Industrialization pushed us into ugly concrete city's.
Ah the Denver suburbs. I grew up there too. So freaking ugly. Colorless beige sprawl full of very boring people.
This guy is as dumb as it gets He is shilling for the elite. 15 minute city's will be digital prisons. And no the population is actually going down . As poeple can't afford  housing and food
Think he meant box of milk. The  only issue I see perhaps slightly easier permit process.
I live in rural home built for efficiency. My energy bill is far less than my city dwelling friends. I also have two stores in walking distance.my lot was developed to be green. I love the nature that lives on the part I keep it like a park for natures creatures.   Living on top of each other in the city isn’t good for mental state. Close bond to community greatly enhances life. I do understand why people want to pack us all into over stuffed city’s as good consumers but Bill Gates you own enough farmland already. Scary thing when farms become to large bad things tend to happen. I hate seeing one well run large farm compared against worse ran small farm, reality is well managed medium to small farms seem to be the best ran farms in the USA. Eventually we all will be forced to move to city’s so large farm can take over everything. However watch out if they get too large your food won’t be as healthy. Just visit a few and you will see.  Working large conglomerates it would be great to own it all and feed those city dwellers however you will see quality go down and prices up. Maybe if city’s are built like the ones in Dubai perhaps may be ok. But tour the USA and you might say perhaps city’s should be band. Let’s not loose the only things making USA strong. Just visit Los Angeles, New York, or Chicago. We have culture but city’s aren’t the way as long as we have so much land. I feel for those stuck in our large city’s politics have made them.
I live in rural home built for efficiency. My energy bill is far less than my city dwelling friends. I also have two stores in walking distance.my lot was developed to be green. I love the nature that lives on the part I keep it like a park for natures creatures.   Living on top of each other in the city isn’t good for mental state. Close bond to community greatly enhances life. I do understand why people want to pack us all into over stuffed city’s as good consumers but Bill Gates you own enough farmland already. Scary thing when farms become to large bad things tend to happen. I hate seeing one well run large farm compared against worse ran small farm, reality is well managed medium to small farms seem to be the best ran farms in the USA. Eventually we all will be forced to move to city’s so large farm can take over everything. However watch out if they get too large your food won’t be as healthy. Just visit a few and you will see.  Working large conglomerates it would be great to own it all and feed those city dwellers however you will see quality go down and prices up. Maybe if city’s are built like the ones in Dubai perhaps may be ok. But tour the USA and you might say perhaps city’s should be band. Let’s not loose the only things making USA strong. Just visit Los Angeles, New York, or Chicago. We have culture but city’s aren’t the way as long as we have so much land. I feel for those stuck in our large city’s politics have made them.
I don’t buy the climate change BS, But I do agree that we totally F’d up this country with sprawl.
I love living in my cul de sac it’s private,10 mins from the city, safe, quiet and beautiful. I lived in apartments in the city with hundreds of people it sucks neighbors are loud, people smoking weed, losing packages, rodents etc. there is nothing appealing living with hundreds of people a nice neighborhood and privacy is the way to go!
What a bunch of horseshit.  Cities are grotesque .
Cities and high density areas are disgusting places. In Australia the dream is large block suburbs or rural areas where you only have to go to the shops once a week for groceries and drive to work. These high density areas always get filled with the most garbage low class humans, streets and garden beds full of rubbish no thanks.
Walkable cities don't produce replacement rate populations, so until a city can produce a replacement population they're actually more awful
This is a lizard in disguise.
Lil did he know 2 years later that we're becoming an endangered species... Population will never expand...
I live in an apartment & would take any of those houses no questions asked. People idealize living in multifamily buildings.
I have been lost with my dad before, and we found a giant ass plot of land filled with empty fully built houses, why the fuck do we have shit loads of empty houses.
Stacked housing makes sense for people who like it. But I’d like to live in the middle of nowhere! And have acres and acres of my own land!😂
United Nations is a nwo group paid for by Americans.
Dude wants you to live like he sees fit. It's a completely manufactured so called science.
Yes, they’re more inefficient, but when you switched to walking though a bunch of postwar brick bungalows, you’re no longer in the suburbs, at least in Denver
Maybe we shouldn't grow by a hundred million!? The fertility rate of native born A,ericans is lower than the replacement ferttility rate, and this is because everyone that is not too greedy for their own good knows that nothing will be getting better with more people. Sadly, the too greedy for their own good have the power to insist on high immigration rates, so the rest of us will have to live in worse and worse condition to sasiate their greed.
good show
The example you showed from the US looks like most neighborhoods in Sweden in a big city imo lol
It's okay to have a kid walk to school on their own as long as they know what they're doing.
Let's be honest, I mean it's okay to have a kid while that's going their own as long as they know what they're doing. I mean you have kids in America nowadays who don't even know how to get to school compared to kids in other countries who are way more independent than American kids. We need to show them that.
I’m just reading the comments and noticed most of them are from people from Europe. What if high density zones are just not most Americans dream. And yes, in a country where everyone put their life savings on a property, anything that could threaten their savings won’t be welcome.
I live in Mexico City, a neighborhood at the south, far from the city center, close to a mountain.  There is no zoning, so we have everything in this neoghborhood. I live in a single house with garden, and there's other houses, big and small. There's also departments, no taller than 4 levels. There's all aort of business, people open their business attached to their homes. There are schools, hospitals, parks, restaurants, cafes, etc, etc. The public transportation is ass, but we have everything on our zone so there's no need to pick the car, anyways (unless you must go to a stupid office, wfh rules)
A little adivce: Your leftism keeps bleeding through because you couldn't stop bringing up your left-wing politics. Stick to the topic at hand and leave your opinions on "climate change" at the door unless thats the focus of the video. The narrator shouldn't detract from the video by bringing up unrelated topics and expecting the audience to already agree with all of their viewpoints. It actually acted as a roadblock to you swaying my view because you didn't do it with a logical argument, you assumed I already agreed.
high density housing and even suburbs be like: you own nothing, you get nothing and everything remotely interesting is illegal.
Love not Just bikes dude and just fell in love with you too today!
haters gonna hate
I get the impression that you and I couldn’t disagree more on  a lot of things. You made some good points though. Designing our city’s around cars is something I wish we didn’t do.
13:49 a what now?  edit: okay so I'm not insane..
The amount of coruption and lobbying in this country is astounding
I love the suburbs
Let's hope birth control and family planning keep us from self destructing. At this point it looks like a toss-up.
For years I've been thinking we should all be living in high rise buildings surrounded by forests and parks. I mean, more people will get eaten by bears, wolves, and mountain lions, but we'll probably be having more sex
No one wants high density housing,Or apartments,Throwing rats into small cages,Apartments are breading grounds for crime,Perhaps try again with a realistic approach
Jefferson county💞
Biden recently changed this with a new law but might not be such a good thing right now because they're also requiring more expensive and efficient building methods and materials for new construction and then phasing in all housing.
This is part of climate SCAM to duoe us into asking for HIGH DENSITY rentals like what #tricor #blackstone and jp morgan chase are building
I completely and disgustingly disagree.  Single family homes allow you power over your own private estate, cars allow freedom from government dependent modes of transportation, and suburban sprawl makes it a difficulty to mass enforce anything by government. Not to mention a single family home is an extremely powerful asset that builds equity. (NO one else on the planet can offer a 30 year mortgage to its citizens).  What a luxury that the only major downside you are able to touch upon in this video is "it takes a bit longer to get your groceries". On the flip side, apartments and townhouses offer less citizen freedom on every single metric I mentioned. And you don't build ANY equity. The real issue is something you barely touched upon in your video. ARTIFICIAL real estate scarcity. This is causing houses to become extremely expensive, and in turn, is causing America to become a nation of renters. If you want more nuclear reactors and electric cars that's one thing, but don't throw the baby out with the bath water. American Single family homes have been the most insanely amazing thing to ever happen to the middle class in the history of humanity, and you want us to go BACK??? We got plenty of land and resources in this country buddy. India and China both have less land a billion more people. 100 million population gain is a joke. We can make the houses. And efficiently too.
Paolo Solari "City In The Image Of Man." Humanity can survive the apocalypse, with architecture.
When I used to live in the US, driving 45 minutes to get a burrito was commonplace. Now living in Europe I have a butcher, a green grocer, two supermarkets, a post office, several restaurants and bars and a Sunday farmers market just a literal 10 minute walk away. I’m never coming back
Shout-out to Lapels. Now, I'm going in to my climate change-proof bunker.
It may sound crazy, but I wish we could zone for tiny house communities. It would make homeownership so much more accessible to people. And also, inspire shops and such to spring up nearby to service the area because you can fit so many more homes in the space. And by "tiny" I mean 900 square feet or less. It doesn't have to be the 300 square feet homes you see on youtube. Something reasonable to live in. I've seen them and it seems to be a good idea. Parking is usually in a lot and people take paths between the homes to their house. It has a very European feel to it. Very quaint and walkable.
This guy is the definition of a soyboy
One answer is to vote Trump.  He plans to found 10 new American cities to absorb the new population growth AND stop additional illegal immigration.
If we have to do fascism to save the planet, I'm against it.
Thank god
Not everyone like to live in sardine cans. I live in the suburbs and I love it. Lots of space. I can watch tv or listen to the radio out loud and no one gets annoyed 'cause they can't hear anything. I have a huge yard. I have privacy. Those hipsters that love to live in apartments and townhomes should move to cities that were designed like that. Stop trying to FORCE everyone to agree with you and to live like you do. That's why there is so much hate these days. People feel entitled to force everyone to agree with them because they think they are the only ones that are right. I hate crowded city. I hate to hear people having sex next door. I hate to hear babies crying early in the morning. I love suburbs and that's why I moved to one. So if you don't like it, thats ok. Move to a crowded city centre or townhouse. There you go problem solved. You live near people that are on the same mind-set as you. And people who disagree with you live in the suburbs. Period
This guy is a mouthy slob!
And yet people prefer a house with a mortgage because A) your cost of living doesn’t go up because your landlord is part of a conspiracy to jackknife rent across the country and B) because you can pay off a house and leave it to your kids so they have a place to live that they don’t have to pay for (generational wealth). I don’t think you’re addressing these reasons that people are going to remain attached to single family homes.
I just don't  like this  guy or his editing.
"Can't shoot for shit" but he doesn't  have kids.
It's all bull because everything is unaffordable for nearly everyone especially rent. You know if anyone stops and even superficially thinks about it whats the purpose of civilization if it isn't to insure the popular acquisition of basic human needs ie housing healthcare clean water education. Oh wait I forgot the purpose of civilization is the concentration of wealth power and privilege into the hands of the Oligarchy and their little army of unquestioning suck ups. Silly me.
It still goes on in Kentucky
Ummm...yeah, I hate suburbs *and* high-density housing...
I love my 14 acres. I think it is healthy for my family. Enjoy your  crowded cities.
Screw your smart cities
Single family home zoning is not the problem.  The souless cookie cutter design with no yards, just everything stacked together and HOA are thou.  High density means unsafe.  Come check out life around city center Tacoma, i know someone who was robbed/murdered, gun shots once a week, and neighbors and businesses getting broke into constantly.  Older neighborhoods in single family homes are great, just not the soulless new ones
A developer is someone who wants to build a house out in the country. An environmentalist is someone who already has one.
its always some young single, childless person bemoaning about how horrible suburbs are.
you can advocate for more walkable cities with demonizing suburbs.  environmentalists need to calm down with their suburb hate.  most people dont want to live in a walkable community. they want a safe, quiet home, with a yard.  the trendiest walkablle communities sound great, but they are hard to find.  you get drunks, noise, trash, urine in the streets, homeless people, criminals.  That is fine for a young career driven person who does not want kids, and wants to be able to walk home from the bar.  I live in a suburb I can drive to everything I need in like 4 minutes.  i know all my neighbors and we all look after each others kids.  the kids all play in the street.  yeah our houses are big but a lot of them have 5+ people living in them.  all i need to do is have solar, heatpump heater and an EV to drastically reduce my carbon footprint. robotaxis are even better. a lot of people dont do well in urban environments.  its this top down my way or the highway environmental approach makes people hate environmentalists.  now most people just ignore them. people dont have to sacrifice a quality life to save the environment.  early adopter have brought down the cost of all the technologies we need. it was early adopters living in suburbs that started buying Teslas that had laptop batteries in them.  now we have so many better batteries and they cost 95% less than they used to.  The EV buyers just made 100% green grid possible because batteries are insanely cheap now.  Also we are funding the innovation to make robo taxis, shuttles, buses that can work mult-modally with existing public transportation.  so all you know it all purists environmentalists need to redo your analysis to take in account cause and effect. Some of you remind me of khmere rouge
The more suburbs, the more pollution ends up being the end results. The more suburbs, the less farming that equals less food production.   The Cement and Blacktop  that is played the re heat that is generated from the sun beating down causing temperatures to rise higher not carbon dioxide emissions.       Try walking barefoot on Cement or Blacktop on an 80° to 90° degree day with no clouds in the sky and guaranteed you'll want to put your bare feet on the green lush grass.  Carbon Dioxide is beneficial to Plants, Trees, and Crops, which in return will produce Oxygen.    If you want to cut down Carbon Dioxide plant more trees that are indigenous to the region. Especially in the suburbs. Properly planed plantation of trees keeps the roots away from utilities and beautifies as well.      Of course you're going to have people will whine about the leafs in the fall but there are benefits. Multing the leafs while cutting the grass will enrich the soil.
You clowns really want to walk home with groceries that bad?  Try it sometime.
Thats a development.  Not a suburb. I live in a suburb.  Its not acres and acres of identical houses that fall apart as soon as you move in.
It's that front range affect
Anyone other millennials watching this hoping that one day that could scrounge together enough money (and luck) to afford a house that sucks? I wish I could manage to get a house that others look down on but I'm no so lucky. Nope I'm stick living a shithole apartment surrounded entirely by subhumans. I'm going to die in an apartment. Maybe if I'm good in the afterlife I will be rewarded with a glorious sucky house in the suburbs. One can dream. Fuck the boomers.
I’d rather live far from anyone down a dirt road out on the country.
Big cities are how they funnel people into government rule.
I'm gonna be honest, I didn't think that I would like this video until it got to 15:24. I love driving, I'm really good at mapping roads and rush hour in my head, so this was never really a problem for me. At least not until my car would break down which would make me have to fix it. Making the car function properly again would make me understand and love cars even more. I previously lived in an area with lots of hills and roads so I saw biking and scootering as a waste of time. Plus, I don't know a thing about proper city planning. But now that I bike here on a college campus, and seeing 15:24 made me open my eyes dramatically. Music that you would find on frutiger aero edits filled my mind as the pieces of the puzzle that is this infrastructure came together. Then at then end of the video I now see that having my own house and driving is great and all. But there *really* is a better way to live. Even if it requires more walking and bike riding. Was the solution literally right here all this time? Was I really so stubborn that I forgot how good change can be? Probably. But either way I'm glad I stopped myself from clicking off the video near the intro. We really do need better city planning. Thanks. 👍
if you live in a city where your suburbs home is 40 minutes from the nearest business, then your city was zoned poorly.  i grew up in a small town, and the nearest business OUTSIDE of my town was only 8 miles away.  even in THAT city, the suburbs were a mere 8 blocks MAX from any business (gas stations on every other block on main street).  you don't like where you live? choose better. super-massive cities SUCK.
..
In Green Bay WI.  It was set up for more open place setups for people to get around freely~ IN THE 60's & 70's time periods~! Of The Great Old Days~ Of The Land Of The Free~ When I was a little kid we ran the streets past dark~ looking for new friends & girl friends~!  When I was a little kid we had places to go roller skating with just the little kids~! When I was a little kid I had a 300 costumer news paper rout~! That I used a pedal bike or unicycle to do it with~   When I was a little kid I was ridding my bike or walked everywhere~! When I was a little kid we created a sport, called soccer hokey that was played with a blend of crash boom & bang, on solid concrete~  When I was a little kid we walked to school every day~!  When I was a little kid we had dancing places all over the place in the city, to go dancing to find our girl friends With ''Real Music'' that you would slow dance & groove to~ { FEEL THE BEAT}.. When I was a little kid we fought our own battles with other kids with no weapons needed! Only to become best friends afterwords!~ FACTS~! When I was a little kid we would go downhill skiing everyday in the winter time with a group of friends~!  When I was a little kid I would go ride my minibike where ever I could at so many places I could not keep track~!    When I was a little kid my parents could afford all the many toys like boats campers motorbike, pedal bikes, snowmobiles, swimming pools, of many upgraded sizes! Trips around the country~! When I was a little kid we would walk the streets to find girls to kiss just by walking down a city block~! When I was a little kid our parents could afford to live on a low wage compared toO, today when most can't afford to leave the door! Creating the big change for the worst of today'$ times~!
bro the homes behind you is so beautiful that makes me fall in love with suburbs....
People who buy bags of milk usually live in places where homes have special containers for it that you pour it into. You do not keep it in the bag
💥💥I rather live in a suburbs away from people Living in the city is not a joy like a lot of you people think.
The suburbs were the bastion of whites to escape from the chaos of the city and....the bracks that moved there.
Oh no! How terrible! Well, you all can go get in the pods and eat the bugs, but I like being out here in the suburbs away from you. High density living = misery.
My neighbors suck already. Why would I want them living right on top of me? Those high density housing projects feel like high class prisons. Apartments should be called togetherments everyone packed paying high rent. That’s a big nope.
Tribalism run all cultures and societies pointing out only ethnic western only is false propaganda picture of past and future world Antiwhitism
What about permaculture intentional communities with smaller detached houses for those of us who don't want to lie in apartment buildings. And more trains or trolleys from suburbs to city centers?
I gave up fact-checking your videos. Since I haven't found and discrepancies. I will however be requiring all the children in my family to add your channel to their subscriptions. I find your videos both educational, and entertaining.
It is haven for antisocial like me.
Seal the borders solve the housing crises
we should live underground! just dig few storeys under ground level and bring light. less heating needed... like Hobbits.  btw very educative video! thanks
When Americans talk about suburbs, it's usually middle class that you're talking about, in McMansions and big single family homes, which is a strange concept to us in Balkans. Suburbs here are, and I am typing this from Belgrade suburban neighbourhood of Železnik, working class neighbourhoods filled with Ex-Yugoslav socialist era building with lots of greenery between, some with crumbling walls, flower pots and abandoned cars. And all of Belgrade suburbs do have public bus connections to other places. All necessary infrastructure for one to live daily life exists within aforementioned Železnik (pronounced Zhe-les-nick, meaning Railways settlement,as it was built for railway workers in 50s and 60s), but also 5 city bus lines run through, giving you access to any part of the city. So American suburbs are strange.... why would anyone want to live in an oversized house made out of plywood and foam and drive a minivan or SUV bigger than regular delivery vehicle in Europe?
this is the type of crossover episode i can get behind
Suburbs are very good at keeping us  isolated and isolated people are sad and go online and online they waste money
Suburbs are not bleeding anyone dry, it is government waste and 35 trillion debt.
I think your country might be foooocked.
40 minute walk to the nearest business?  Didn't you have bikes?  Were there no woods or fields to play in?  Just suburbs for hundreds of miles?
How many Mongolians were moving to America for them to be banned specifically? I‘ve never heard of any Mongolian people or neighborhoods in this country.
City beautiful hates cities though.
Raise a family in a 4000sq./ft. apt.  The bigger problem is that city living is great for a 20 something, but it's too small for a family.  You think density is the only solution, but it's not. You could put grocery stores in the suburbs, an occasional 3 story apt complex, the density of the city is what people instinctively try to escape as they grow.   Now for your efficiency argument, go look at the codes for commericial buildings vs a modern well built house. And how the auto industry killed rail cars and forced the creation of culs-de-sac.  They closed the pass through in our neighborhood because of this nonsense lengthening my drive to work by 3 miles because of this.
So you are so right, everything here is correct and I can only find one problem...but its a BIGGY! Everywhere in Europe is looking at a demographic collapse unless they let in lots of illegals. The US has no such problem because we build houses that encourage people to have kids because they are big and have plenty of space. You want over 2 kids in Europe and you better have some serious MONEY, 4 bedroom houses in Europe are like rare, real rare, and cost lots. The ideas you propose are those very ideas that have seen childbirth collapse in Europe, excluding France for some reason.
great vid! please keep your hat on!
So, if nobody wants the single-family dwellings, why are the prices soaring?  Supply and demand.
Is a kid who grew up in middle of nowhere and tried moving to a city . Hell no dude, get me away from people.. give me a call so I can go where I want to go.. give me an opportunity to own my home and land.. stay away from the crime and terrible school systems and all cities...
Sorry cant take you seriously with that moustache . I grew up in scotland but like live in Houston. High density housing causes crime, and they are shite to live in, so much so that they re knocking them down.
There has to be another reason other than racism, a more technical reason.
6:24 and in modern times with the Bible belt probably also queers
This is also a thing I hate about cities: skylines. Even if you have a “European” map, you always start with low density zoning, without being able to mix zoning on the same tile.
The American concept of suburbia, automobile dependent living is IDIOTOCRACY.
Corfu, Greece was built by the Venetians in the 1400's.  They were all attached buildings that kept each other warm.  Everyone in the 1400's didn't need a horse and buggy because everything around was walkable.   Maybe we should learn from them.  No,  scratch that.... I wants my peace and quiet.  Let's keep what we have.
Holy Shit did y'all take shots at Miami OK on the heavy metal zoning bit 🤣🤣🤣 they literally have a preschool next to an old munitions smelting plant 🤦
Say what you will about New Jersey, I actually live in a suburban town where everything is within walking distance.
I choose not to help turning America into shithole. It is most beautiful and most livable the way it was before the 90's
Due to Trump's deregulations. That's why your trains are de-railing and airplanes doors are falling off. That's why houses are being built to Chinese standards. Because the regulations were lowered. How bou you get to the meat of the issue instead of pretending it isn't the problem.
Weird coming across this video randomly but funny to see you walking around Solterra and Golden which is where I ride my Onewheel all the time.
I just discovered this video and I am surprised I missed it even though I subscribe. But I just have to tell you I LOVE your shearling jacket! The hat is pretty fricking cool too! Overall, maybe your subject is also important but first things first.
Living in an apartment is horrible. Our water never worked properly, heating and cooling was always down, neighbors were loud, smoked when they were not supposed to, people didn't pick up after the dogs in common areas so kids couldn't play on the grass, etc. I could go on for days on why apartment living is horrible. It doesn’t reduce traffic unless there is already some type of reliable public travel system. Problem is it on average takes an extra hour or more to get to where I need to go, but if the area doesn't have access to public transportation then I still need a car to get there and back.
We need to force people to live in high rises. For the children.
Bags are the townhouses of milk.
bruh, come move to Europe. Here in Germany it's nice sometimes to have that population density and with that a certain amount of parks, amenities, and public transportation.. Until. Everyone is stepping on everyone else's feet all the time and getting in your face. Sometimes, it's nice to have space. Don't knock it too hard. Biking around is nice, until you lug that thing up four flights of stairs every night because you don't want to risk it getting stolen. Now you're bike is sitting in your kitchen or living room in your 600-800sqft apartment which is already cramped. Forget it if you have a bike-trailer for your kids or one of those big-box bikes. It works, but it isn't some romance novel over here. Oh, and also, wooden style US house are easy to insulate. Come here and they charge you 100.000-200.000+ to insulate any single home, and for multi family city houses built between 1900-1960 it becomes impossible. Limestone and Sandstone is our insulation here in the Cities. no change in sight. and not many real (and financially viable) solutions to this. But yes, we are very loud when it comes to talking solutions and what Everyone (especially everyone else!) should do better and that we should spend massive amounts of money which no one is earning.  Good job everybody.
"Muh racist"  Good God. Remember the time in 2020 when hordes of blacks burned down and rioted in major cities.  WhoTF wants to live around these powder keg ppl? Until you address uh... urban "youths" this is an imposible  sell.
not so sure many americans will want apartment homes mate. You will have to pay me to live in one of those. Only saying this because you seem to put a lot of emphasis on "more apartment homes".
The "magic of editing" part was a 10/10😂😂😂😂
Thanks for telling the truth about the draconian single "family" zoning. It needs to end. There's nothing family about it. It's destroying young hardworking people who can't afford a roof over their heads or families. America needs to De-rig the fake "housing market." Make housing about housing. Not no limits at-all-costs speculation.
Get some walkable city , Brother !!!
would it be strange for an alternatively dressed 14 year old to walk into a zoning meeting (i missed literally all of them for this year)
Do you believe everything you hear.. what exactly is a suburb.. when u have ALOT  people moving into the state where do u think they will live?  In the city?  Maybe.. however that becomes crowded and destroys alot of the historic buildings  to make room for newer crappy buildings   i was born raised in pasadena calif...now is that considered the suburbs?  Maybe? Maybe not.. the powers that be seem to be destroying  our beloved single family neighborhoods for denser uglier buildings that dont fit in the neighborhoods    allowing taller buildings with no parking requirements   plus no open space around it thus eliminating vegetation and tree will destroy the neighborhood..   all in the name of affordable housing which is a sham.. there is no such thing as affordable housing only taxpayer assisted housing..
This is assume some woke communist trash
The incumbent property will allow NOTHING to decrease the value of their properties.   That is how boomers who bough a house in the early sixties for $10,000 are millionaires.
Marxist driven propaganda
Bag of milk?
13:49 excuse me, a bag of milk?!? What is this cursed
2:18 Again, you're doing the progressive "dead, rich white dudes" spin... this doesn't work. Your messaging lost half its audience right there. Telling some guy that he's a turd for existing isn't going to get him on your side, in fact he's likely to want an even bigger pickup truck to spite you. Convincing him that parking minimums, zoning regs etc. are costing him time and money are the way.
The funny thing is I am Somali who lives in Turkey and I watched this idk why 😂😂😂😂😂😂
New York City and DC being smug with only 15% and 36%. 12:47
Hey not everyone wants to live in a condo or townhouse so figure out how to cut down on population
Lovin these videos!
Sure, let's China and billionairess, like Bill Gates and large corporations buy all the farmland! People like more space and to raise their children in relative safety, instead of crime and drugs infested homeless jungle!
Yeah, I'll take suburbs or rural anytime over a city.  I don't need strangers living on top of me, or sharing walls, elevators, noise, etc.  I love privacy, trees, gardens, large dogs who can run freely, oxegen depleted due  to surrounding sky scrapers, constant lights everywhere.  Not a home.
Just watched this video again because it's great!
Pure garbage.
Got a bike and motorcycle. Moved to the boondocks. Had one neighbor try and I mean tried to F with me. Not a big fan of being around too many people.
What is this video about? Bad white people or bad city design? I cant tell anymore. This is making it out to be that the suberbs are for racist people. Just get to the point on how we fix it and not pulling the victim card all the time. Lets make the land equal, what laws do we fix and how? I dont need to be told for the 10 billionth time that white people are always evil. Ive herd it enough.
High density housing = crime
Excellent video.  When people are so propagandized into a way to live it is no wonder they dig in their heels when asked to change course.
Germany soon will have no space for new single houses any more. The new buildings are mainly appartmentbuildings. New built appartments are too expensive for the mudfle class, so the problem hear is affordable housing at all!
High rise apartment complexes with nature zones would be the better answer to all these radicous suburbs.
City people are scary it could cost you your life to go into a city unarmed.
The sky story is not about suburbs.  It's about how wrong he can make everyone else.
Coming back to this after a while, I wanna add that Bel Mar isn't even that great. It's still very much saturated with cars and their infrastructure. But the fact that a place like that is so desirable shows how badly people want this type of neighborhood, but aren't allowed to have it due to ridiculous zoning.
the plan of the Satanic oligarchy is to enslave, sicken, incarcerate and slaughter us off.  this analysis is aburd as it avoids the fact that we are living in a genocidal slave state.  totally foolish, ignorant and offensive.  as if the phrase "conspiracy theory" is to be used in the pejorative simply because those responsible for these crimes against humanity told your silly self to do so.  outrageous.
It is so ironic that really old people want car dependent neighborhoods to stay the same, given that they’d have to drive around everywhere and they shouldn’t be in cars in the first place
imbeciles fall for everything
Its almost as if people weren't meant to live crammed into small apartments in high-rises and it is better for them to live in a single family dwelling with a little yard. You know, a small piece of earth where you can grow a garden or your kids can run around and play on? Something really important to make you feel like a human? BUT OHHHH NO the great suffering it is to have to wait 15 minutes to get to a store by car or bus rather than to walk to a store 5 minutes away. Please, cram me into a cubicle in a high rise so I can always be 3 minutes away from my favorite $6 Starbucks drink. It is just so unbearably awful in the USA. I'd much rather live in a densely populated slum in India or cage apartment in Hong Kong. Zoning laws are so unfair and shouldn't exist.
I never heard of the opinion that suburbs are bleeding America dry.   This clip though makes a great case. Even slumlords have expanded to the suburbs.  Arkansas is an example of single-family homes that have become rentals instead of privately owned properties.  These ideas of mixed-use neighborhoods are being attacked by conspiracy extremists as some sort of government control dystopian nughtmore.
How exactly are apartments better for the environment? You literally have more people, so more pollution.  Yes per capita it is lower, but the population is not fixed. You're enabling a higher population.
Modern suburbs are the worst of both worlds.  Not enough space to do something useful with your property, like a food forest.  Yet everyone is still effectively piled on top of each other.  Except for the grocer, walkable amenities such as shopping or entertainment are all just novelties that get old after a while.  It's for those reasons that I choose neither and live in a rural area.  That makes even more sense now since I can work from home many days.
Hey bags of milk are super efficient
It's arrogant to think that we humans have any effect on the climate of Earth.
The fly in ointment is that getting rid of R1 zoning will result in lots high density buildings out in the suburbs away from public services. The cities are bought and sold by developers, so they do it anyway so you end up with everyone just fucking driving everywhere shit loads of cars parked in the adjacent neighborhoods.
There was just one glaring omission from this video. That is WHY people struggle so hard to prevent progressives like the creator of this material from determining what kind of housing is built in former single family housing areas.  After he plays the race card several times, and follows that up with climate change rhetoric, he advocates for simple FREEDOM OF CHOICE.  Folks like this young man who grew up in a detached single family home environment forgets to mention why progressives like himself fail to achieve their goals most often.  Equating class with racism is just wrong. Zoning’s goal for many is indeed used as a tool to keep those who exhibit poor societal norms out.  Without resorting to race or available family income, the idea is to prevent bad BEHAVIORS from residing shoulder to shoulder with good behaviors.  Sad to say, but in today’s America, too often poor families exhibit behaviors that this content creator’s parents would not have approved.  Some cultures have chosen to advocate for dangerous, unsavory reputations. People who have worked hard and obey societal rules want to live near others who have do the same.  For example, in the Harlem of the 1930’s and 40’s, the black population of New York exhibited behaviors that were often superior to other ethnic groups. For people like that today, society is going to reward them with success sufficient to afford to live along side ethnic groups who also ascribe to rules that allow for peace of mind and decency.  However, progressives like this young man often advocate for housing the poor in places where, as past examples show, placing affordable housing among homes whose shelter was meant to provide peace and safety to their occupants undermines those original goals.  Of course, the fist thing this young man would scream is “RACISM.”  That kind of argument, despite this video’s attempt to label America’s seniors as shame worthy, ignores what progressives refuse to acknowledge.  That is, sad to say, but usually in America, there is a reason people are poor: BEHAVIOR.  ZONING is often a crude tool. But it is sometimes the only tool people have to protect their families from progressive ideologies.
I live in the heart of the city. I absolutely hate it. And I wish I lived in the suburbs again
Nevermind the precious native prairie dog communities being plowed under for condos
Great video, and I agree 100% about phasing out R1. I am a Californian, and while they phased it out, individual cities are really dragging their feet. Also, bagged milk is a big thing in Eastern Europe- we used to use them in Hungary. You snip a corner of the sealed bag, and have a plastic holder that you drop the milk bag in- it is actually more convenient and easier to carry/handle than the big 1 gallon plastic jugs in the US...
So glad I live out west. Buying 40 acres soon. That way I'm away from all of you. Driving a few minutes to get groceries is a small price to pay so I don't have to hear car alarms, idiots with straught piped exhausts at 2am, dont have people break into my vehicles, ect ect.
my suburb is extremely walkable (built 2009) but once you leave the neiborhood... major road, no bike lane, no crosswalk, and a huge amount of businesses on the other side, tho there is a nice gas station on the proper side that i can walk to and also a big apartment complex got built right in the middle of it for some reason
How about no growth. Maybe that would be good for the environment.
Hey Rollie, while you can't tell from my YouTube tag (I don't know how to change it), this is Tom, Jeff's dad.  I love your work, how you pull back the curtain on what makes our world tick.  You are the Toto of climate change!
Not since Spoony has a youtuber injected that many wrestling references into a video on an unrelated topic. Keep up the great work!
Every suburb should be a walkable village. This means that you get actual services and shops. Meaning about half a mile away usually.  Food deserts for housing is absurd.
Bruh bet those meetings happen on Wedensday at 2 PM, screw that
Ehh I like the suburbs and having some land. Leave the apartments in NYC.
Suburbs are awesome. I cant wait until i have enough money to move out of this crime ridden blue city and pit my family in a safe area
Yes, today's new journalism- nothing we do, or have ever done is anything but the best choice at the time. Instead, its all due to racism and ignorant choices. In reality this type of analysis is  misguided and lacks perspective. Never considered or mentioned is the dramatic increase in average lifespan the human race has enjoyed in the last 100 years. As for high density housing, imagine the impact Covid 19 would have had. Never thought about that...
You remind me a lot of the channel "We're In Hell." You guys should hang out.
Agreed zoning laws suck
15:47 did he say Eric Rosen? Like chess player Eric Rosen?
As someone (Canadian) who lives in a more closed off neighborhood the closest park is around a fifteen minute walk away, to buy a bag of milk would take almost an hour of walking to get  there and back. There’s not a single bus I could take to help either. Even if I do walk, it doesn’t feel safe because of the lack of sidewalks and a highway just off from my home.
Listen to this left retatd
1:26 No, no, no.  See, the problem is too many people.  I can't stand to live near a bunch of people and this high-density housing sounds like hell to me.  I would literally rather kill myself and as many "enforcers" as I could than be forced to relocate to a place like you're showing.  I could barely even stand to visit New York City for a weekend.  Thing is, maybe I'm not like the majority of people, but I know many like me and you urbanites are literally breeding us out of our preferred environment.
I want my house back.
The reason people want a separate house is because apartment buildings are built so CHEAP. They are CRAP. You can hear your neighbor talk, run water, flush toilet, walk around and generally there is NO privacy. If we had legal requirements for apartments to be soundproofed, people would actually enjoy living there.
As someone who makes one of the examples of “unfathomably boring shit” I thought this video was fantastic.
Came for the subject matter, stayed for your editing style.
People don’t wanna live like sardines in a can
Capitalists are bleeding America dry. Housing is the new tool
America is 5% of the world population, yet, they and the world act asif they're 95%.
why not tell all the libZ to stop taking vacations.  IF the climate is so messed up, why are travel vacations even allowed.  especially for ELITE LIBz like John Kerry.  I am not saying you dont get a few weeks off here and them you can rest at home.  LibZ instead go on HYUGE carbon wasting vacations.  SUCH HYPOCRITES.  And do not get me started on BLUE STATES  begging for tourism money.  OR....all the libs cranking down their AC in the summer.
Urban sprawl causing climate change? Not true, BS science. Some people like the suburbs, it's more peaceful, better than crowded cities. There's nothing wrong with driving to get groceries.  The last time I flew the friendly skies ~ I was looking out the window seeing many hundreds of miles of mostly nothing. We can fit everyone on planet earth on New Zealand in a bunch of high rises, we're not running out of space.
GET OVER THE CARBON DIOXIDE.   AMERICA IS A LOT LARGER THAN ANY COUNTRY IN EUROPE.    I LIKE MY CAR AND DON'T WANT TO WALK TO A GROCERY STORE.
these high density residential areas are developed by private companies in a way to maximize the profits...  so each house gets the minimum land and pays the maximum price. thats capitalism. These areas are not designed to give residents the highest quality of life or housing...
it's literally NOT illegal.  No one runs around saying it's illegal to build a bar because where one can be is ____restricted-___.
bags of milk make sense only if you bring a bra to carry them
You're rather childish and bloody silly here and there in the video such as 12:14, 14:27, 16:18, which annoys me, so I give you DISLIKE.  Is the scene at 20:07 meant to be funny? It's not funny. It's just disgusting.  Sudden noisy sound like 14:40 annoys me. Why don't they change the zoning law to allow to build small amount of little shops like dry cleaning store, convenience store, a restaurant or two at the foot of each single family houses community to make life more convenient? I don't understand.
Another problem with single family housing is the that there're 334,000,000 people but only 140,000,000 units of housing. Our population is doing nothing but growing and we are not Building enough housing.
Repeal zoning laws
I live in south Boulder here in Colorado, and I can bike/walk to get groceries or go out to eat. It’s nice
honestly, 20 min is not very long with all the 4 -8 hour steamer videos out there.
I like my R3
I have a awesome neighborhood with large yard and pool and all the amenities I need less than a 1/8 of a mile away. We walk or ride bikes all the time to groceries or restaurants.  Neighborhoods can be can be  built correctly with planning. I would never want to live in a big city with high density housing.
instead of preaching to the choir actually do something about it
I really like the design of lots of cities, the problem is that cities are extremely expensive, have WAY more regulations than most suburbs, are extremely hostile to anyone with ANY conservative/religious beliefs whatsoever, have lots of crime, give you a lot less living space even with higher budgets, and just overall can feel oppressive in their own right when there's little to no nature in sight in most cases. For all the problems I have with suburbia, I could absolutely never see myself living in a city.
People don't realized how the suburbs are subsidized by the government.  The cost of the infrastructure is not paid by the single family detached home property owners in the proportion to how much infrastructure they use.  Same with education of their kids.
Crime rates are higher in U.S. cities than suburbs. Over crowding and lax attitudes toward crime are the primary causes.
I live on an acre in a small town. I drive everywhere and love it!
"It's try to focus on aMErica!!!" -> *insert iconic british rock scream here* (ok that was a cheat shot ;p)
Poor Jason
Nice, I didn't even realize this was Colorado until you were standing in front of the Jefferson County Taj Mahal.
Not a fan of apartment buildings. People need their own bit of land where they can feed their family, and their own roof to catch water and sunlight for electricity. Then even if the economy goes to shit and everybody loses their jobs, you can still feed your family and the water and electricity don't get cut off. If you live in an apartment in that situation, you're screwed - you either steal or watch your kids starve.  What we need is walkable cities of well-built terrace rows, with good acoustic insulation as well as firewalling between each home and the next, good density with compact houses with a basement and two or three levels above ground, and each of them with its own rainwater tank, solar panels, and solar access to the back yard for gardening. They can each even be built with a garage facing the street so long as it's well built and can be converted to a shop, home office, or consulting room once people realise how much they don't really need a car.
you live in my state? Mother fucker! Vote for me for governor and I will install more trains and fix the housing crisis here.
I would love to be able to just walk to the stores but walking to our shopping square takes 30 mins. By car, it is like 5 mins. If I could actually walk there easily, I might also go to the gym more frequently.
"All these houses suck"  Unless you are a regular person who wants to raise a family in a safe area, and you actually want to own your own home, instead of complaining about rent increases until you're 75 and they offer you assisted suicide
The funniest thing about the leftwing environmentalist urbanist movement is their love-hate relationship with central planning and zoning laws.
I love the suburbs and I absolutely want to own my own property. No expensive HOA with overbearing overlords. No shared walls with narcissistic rude neighbors.   Lower crime. I am happy with neighbors from any race, religion, gender whatever.  My suburban neighbors are Iranian, gay, Asian, Brazilian…. BTW there are way more electric vehicles out here.   Probably more people working from home out here. Lots of young families with young kids. Some with lots of kids. I don’t like being so close to people. I like my own space. Someday I plan to move farther away. Keep your walkable neighborhood.
Nothing more American than saying " this is America!", then playing The Who
Schools in 2144: Alright class, in today's lesson, we will be learning how the US drove the bald eagle to extension.
I hate having to drive everywhere
I've lived in suburbs basically all my life. We play basketball, baseball, football, capture the flag, snowball fights, super soakers... ya know. Stuff kids play because suburbs are where people want to raise families. So there were kids playing everywhere. You didn't need a business to walk to. And yes, we drove to the store. It wasn't hard. Parents buy booze from the store and have cookouts and shit.  It's not complicated. And it's pretty awesome.
It's called the American Dream. Shaming people for wanting a better life isn't gonna go very far.
I love that Sandy Springs was in this video lol.
Arlington Texas native. I never expected to see my hometown get recognized but…. I understand now why it never did. No wonder we’ve always bitched “there is nothing to do here”
15:15 Your comedic timing is gold! 😂 Also, fantastic video!
another reason to hate america, god bless europe
no shops in closed surrounding which can be easily arrived by walking distance,  no restaurants and bars and without a car you are trapped. 😮 suburbs are really a scam
You can also show up *slap* to our local zoning meeting. As he taps on my local govt building
bagged milk goes in containers, it doesent stay in a lose bag. Canadians also have the option of buying cartons of milk and plastic gallon jugs but most families in Canada buy it bagged since its cheaper for same product. Just different packaging. Bags are smaller than cartons or gallon jugs when being thrown out so that means less overall waste,  Also the bags that the milk bags come in can be woven into blankets and bedrolls for people in need. I remember teachers in our schools were getting us to collect milk bags so they could make emergency bedding for the people affected by the earthquake in hati back in 2010. Have to admit they don't look that comfortable though.  Also no we are not the only country that drinks bagged milk.
We got an old, small semi-detached in Canada and were in disbelief at how lacking the insulation was! You'd think good insulation would be a priority for a house up North.... It took a few years of teeth grinding renovations but we got our home fully and properly insulated and a good quality heat pump. The difference in monthly electric bill was several hundreds, and we no longer FREEZE in the winter. Now I'm working on turning our useless front lawn into a beautiful edible garden, hoping more people in the neighborhood might join in on the trend. One of our neighbor was dubious at first, but now that we share our bounty with him he's def grown a positive view on our unusual looking front lawn.
And the rich people will keep their over sized cars and houses in the country.  While fencing in the rest of us into over priced over populated cities.  The story never changes.
15:30 it’s not a sought after area fyi …..
Waaaahh! My neighborhood isn't unique!! 😭
It increases the demand of gas, housing, cars, all of which takes % of people's lives to afford... Unnecessary market-social arrangements consumes people's lifetime, but otherwise, how would sectors of economy grow and "everyone" have money if it wasn't for "unnecessary" things? We would return to "homemade" economy like feudal times? Even then all stuff were elite's possessions, somehow still like today... 🤔🤔🤔
That sh!ttyfluette killed me :D
Most of us choose to live in the suburbs to avoid blacks and third worlders. These are problems that homogenous societies like Japan can't fathom. Can you imagine how clean and safe cities would be if they still enforced a Whites-only policy? People might actually want to live there. Look at what you don't see in the footage of the Netherlands: people pissing in the street and shambling down the sidewalk pestering every passerby for change and smokes.  And what's the obsession with "walkable" "fun" areas? How often are you going to walk around the over-priced shopping districts to buy shoes? Or eat out? Who the hell can afford that other than trust fund babies? I live in a walkable hipster neighborhood now in a major city, and it sucks. Just drunk zoomers all weekend hollering in the street, when they're not being scared off by the homeless wastes that live under the bridge and piss in bottles on the sidewalk. Sure, I can walk two blocks to get a pretzel, but if I were actually spending money to help fuel the hipster economy here, I wouldn't be able to afford my fucking rent.
William Nilliam is my new favorite phrase. Thank you for being such a huge wealth of knowledge on climate issues. Your channel is pretty neato.
Why would anyone want a single family detached home when it's so much easier to live in the pod, eat the bugs, and own nothing? And you can do it all without traveling a mile from where you were born, don't worry about what's outside of that mile, we'll tell you, trust us bro. Sounds great, right?
I saw a comment where someone said “so you want to walk around with two weeks of groceries while doing your other shopping?”  To those brain dead individuals: if you buy your groceries *before* doing any running around, that’s kinda on you for failing to prioritize   Second, when you build cities that are pleasant to exist in, and getting groceries isn’t a chore on it’s own, you tend to tolerate going to the store more than once every other week  Hell, i live in a moderately walkable neighborhood (by US standards) and i’ll walk to the local grocery store just to get chips on a whim, let alone tonight’s dinner
White content creators are so corny, trying to be comedians. You're not funny. This was painful to watch although informative.
You had me in the first minute there. I thought you were going to complain about how not having a yard, as so many new suburban developments lack, weighs on childhood development.
I actually wish we had that law here in Australia. In our major cities which each have sprawling suburbs, they at least all had a uniqueness and character about themselves. Over the last 20 years we've slowly been losing that due to the rise of ugly modern architecture, cheaply made shoebox units which look like skyscrapers towering over blocks of land which were once proper suburban homes with a big front and back yard with a driveway.   Totally prefer that over having to manoeuvre my car down into a tightly crammed dimly lit underground carpark, all concrete, and instead of a lovely big garage to yourself, you have a cage over you little parking spot to store the majority of your shit because these apartments sure don't fit much. Then once thats done press a button a wait for the lift and walk down hallways once on your level that make you feel like you're in a maze.   Point is, cramming everyone into these shoeboxes just ain't the way we do it in the west haha but we're conforming because of greed and profits.
the climate is fine! for many reasons: It is naturally changing. CO2 is no pollutant. Mann-made errors kill the spirit of true environmentalism. stop using "climate" as a bait.
I lost it at "magic of editing" and "William nilliam". I love your sense of humor.   I was all set for a borin lg informative video(nothing wrong with those) but you delivered something I can share with my friends!
As a Canadian, I found the bag of milk thing hilarious.
Also, considering the fertility rate is literally about to become a crisis in much of the world this video is missing a big part of the story.
Americans rush to the suburbs because they like it. We love nature and it is more affordable and much safer.
in my eastern european village to nearest and only shop in my village I have 8km in the most depressing view you will see. You don't have it that bad while livnig in suburbs
👍
Others: Learn how to drive so you can go see a movie  Me: You mean a drive-in movie? Others: No Me: You mean an unpixelated film that we can't just see at home? Others: No Me: You mean an anti-Autistically crowded and noisey 8 hour sing-along with the rest of my group home?  Others: DING-DING-DING  SUN FEB-4-2024CE 1726EST
Please, Not Just Bikes is usually great great great, but someone please tell them that's not how you say "homogenous"
I think you pronounce Warley wrong because my birth last name is Worley
I don't want to live in an apartment or a high rise.
I love it!!!  Thank you for making this.  And it’s local to me here in co!  Englewood, CO had its own story of assholes holding back R1 zone redevelopment.  And it’s true…. Those meetings are full of people with time and passive income on their hands.
When you say 75% is just for single family homes it is a bit misleading as every home needs that much space..   how many people live in single family zone? In percentage? And how many people actually want to live in this zones? Those are relevant numbers, more so than percentage of land.
Oh!  Never mind. I forgot what I was gonna say.
I’m okay with building up, but they need to make code to absolutely mask the sounds of people walking upstairs. Compromise.
Not gonna lie, I have vivid (and positive!) memories of wandering around my house playing hide and seek with bb guns in hand.  Ahh kids.  Why aren't we making them soldiers again?
from someone who can only barly afford a flat dont change your laws....i dont get a backyard which means no pets i have to walk up and down 4 flights of stairs (think shopping bags)everytime,parcels are always stolen,roaches become impossible to remove(even if its your neighbors fault its still legaly your problem),no solar kits to offset power bill,constant noise/screams from neighbors,no ability to clean outside windows,uber wont walk up the stairs so gotta go down pick it up,no belongings outside your flat so no electric bikes tool sheds car repairs,allways hear doors open and close,common areas not taken care of(waited 2 weeks to get the lights back in the stairwell)...so my point is big houses bad,flats bad,townhouses with courtyard and garage good....
I can’t go to my zoning meetings or council meetings because they hold them at 2pm every other Thursday. Only people who make it are retired people…what. The. Fuck.
why is bag of milk ‽
I agree about suburbs. They are my second choice of living arrangement.The houses are stacked close together on less than an acre lot. It’s not as bad as living right in the middle of a big city though where people live like zoo animals in little cages. My preference would be out of the suburbs to have at least three or four acres.
cul-de-circles
Here's the easiest solution: pass budgetary laws where municipalities, counties, zip codes etc. Must be financially solvent without subsidies from urban, state, and federal. Suddenly every suburb would either have zero services (police, fire, water, telecom, roads etc.) Or would have property or local income taxes through the roof and 90% of urban regions would have ample funds for corrupt politicians to syphon off. But that would require legislation so maybe it's not a viable path forward.
Call it racism, but R-1 zones have a much lower crime rate than non-R1 zones. That's just a fact, and its why they don't go away. A lot of it has to do with section-8 housing that's full of people who live off the taxpayer's dime and are rewarded for not getting a job. It creates neighborhoods of people who unfulfilled and depressed. It's a sad reality that our government has cultivated and minority groups tend to be a big target for the government handout scam. One of my coworkers broke free from this type of environment. She said she wants better for her kids. She's a black single mother who is one of the hardest workers I know, but it takes a special person like that to break free from the chains of government handouts.  It's incredibly difficult to make a life for yourself when if you get started in the workforce, you literally make less money after taxes than you were getting from the government when you weren't working. People are born in this environment and it's basically a form of slavery. It's slavery that says you can't have the dignity of a job and providing for yourself. It's the perfect recipe for promoting crime.  If you want to address R-1 zones, you need to find a way to help people stuck on welfare become self-reliant. For starters, the government shouldn't take away all benefits from someone who decides to go to work. They should be supplemented and rewarded while they get their feet on the ground. This would incentivize people to go to work and better their lives and their families.
The City Council where I live is trying to allow mixed-used zoning in a sprawling plaza and the NIMBYs that live in single-family homes nearby are up in arms about it because the change might allow affordable housing. I have spoken in support of the mixed use plan, but it's so disheartening to live in a city with so many assholes who are convinced they're being oppressed because poor people may be allowed to live near them.   As an aside, I talked to some city planners and they said that mixed use developments can lead to gentrification unless they specifically plan for affordability.
Why not do something a lot simpler if you really care about the climate, stop immigration and then the population will fall slowly over time and you will use less energy and land for housing. But no, you won't recommend that because you are pushing an agenda that wants more immigrants because thats what multi nationals and billionaires want.
Property taxes are what drives this.  America is the most corrupt nation on earth.
Just so everyone know... you normally put the bag of milk in a reusable container when you open it... (Just look up milk bag container) It produces less waste and takes up less space than cartons of milk. Bags of milk are far far superior.
Guess that stupid prediction didn't age well did it
This is actually a fascinating, important topic and you don’t need the loud wrestling, etc. inserts.
We should just dig down 😮 lots of space there
I had an argument with people that didn’t want a mixed use area. And we had a comparable mixed use area in an adjacent neighborhood. But the single family home owners were against it.
100 million?? that's insane. we are at replacement rate or less.
I lived in a neat and tidy Master Planned Community for 27 years.   It was incredibly safe and boring, beyond cultureless.  You need a car to go anywhere.  And anywhere is where you go on the weekend to escape the monotony.  They opened a grocery store and 5,000 showed up.  REALLY?   We sold the home for a hefty profit and move into the City.  1/2 mile walk to restaurants, bars, stores, a University.  The homes are all custom from the 1920's to the 1940's mostly.  Mature trees, character.  Honestly, America needs to re-think housing.
This guy love being run by big government.
Yeah Americas zoning is cooked. Some of the towns and suburbs look like abandoned hellscapes. Mix of low, medium and high is the right approach.
The whole "suburbs were for racism" thing is what allowed the children and grandchildren of poor European immigrants to become middle class suburbanites while black people remained trapped in the inner city. And THAT is largely what critical race theory is all about, if you've ever wondered.
Thank you   Keep up the good work
One of my pet peeves and the sole reason I moved out of California was just how sprawling Los Angeles is. It's a city of 14 million spread out over 60ish miles and traffic is horrendously bad because of it. I was used to taking a 30 minute drive to get to a place that was only 5-10 miles away. Not to mention the massive scarcity of nature and terrain variation, the closest pocket of nature was over an hour drive outside the city, and I lived pretty close to the outskirts.
Why is every single statement in this essay made ironically and / or with sarcasm?
I love how uninformed the guy is despite having a degree. He just blanket ignores job density, store density, and crime density. He thinks and explains only one dimensionally lol.
The background on this has to be Colorado. I see the Langoliers in the background. Langoliers are eating up Colorado!
Those images are so mindbendingly absurd and the single family zoning is only part of the obvious problem. Why are there three lanes (+parking space) wide roads, when there is no density and hardly any traffic (and when there is extremely much parking space on and in the private property as well)? What is the point in maintaining all that useless ugly asphalt?  Basically all European communities would call themselfes very lucky to have such absurdly wide streets in a subburb, because at least one third of them could and would be repurposed for protected bike lanes, for comfortable walking paths with benches, bushes and trees - and that would even be cheaper to maintain. And that would not even make those streets less comfortable to drive on by cars, not even big american ones. Improving things would be so cheap and easy in the subburbs we saw in the video, without trying to copy European developments. But all we tent to hear from the US, is, that improvements would be impossible there.
It is abundantly clear after being brainwashed in college and by corporate media you know exactly what's wrong with everyone's life. Truly amazing the wealth of knowledge you posses without ever owning or running a business. If you don't vote you cannot bash any politician. Same with bashing businesses. If you've never been in the business - you can't bash it. Quit bashing and show us your better ideas. Quit condemning and start asking. Children bash, adults solve. What do u think this big crybaby bashing video helped?
EUCLID ISN'T EVEN NEAR CHICAGO?!?!
17:41 Mladen Franko - Jamboree (i had a double-take when i heard this initially!)
its the stuff they don't teach you
@bartekklimkiewicz2652 Wow your extreme. Who radicaiized you to such a degree this little guy talking  facts scare you and makes you screech 'PROPAGANDAAA'`?
Help. Im a Writer and i want a timetraveller cohesively explain Zoning and Cityplaninng to Ancient People   @ClimateTown vor 1 Jahr (bearbeitet)
8:05 Hey, uhm, this is awkward, but they were worried about *Cleveland* factories. Euclid is nowhere near Chicago.   Source: I've been there repeatedly.
disgusting propaganda
The US population is shrinking, save for paltry amount of immigration.
Stop your bitching. I love stroad lined neighborhoods with no sidewalks. This would have been a useful video 70 years ago.
The most walkable cities in U.S. top 25 nobody wants to live in. The walkable cities are shit holes. Turning into no go zones. Limited resources suck. Before you say it's an American problem it's worse in Europe. America is about same size as Europe but Europe has twice as many people. It's about limited resources and high populations. Having a car allows one to acquire more resources.
Limited resources and high populations suck. Any time you get mass housing ghettos form. Look at Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Paris, Berlin, and even London no go zones. How did these no go zones form? Low income tightly packed housing. Limited resources and high populations. That's why people move to the suburbs to get away from crime, drug use, and poverty. For a better life away from the city.
We learned our lesson about building projects. So in America we try to avoid building ghettos. We don't need no go zones in America. Just look at any walk-able or bike-able city on west coast over run with homeless and drug use. 15 minute cities are just the projects reimagined. Go look at Americas worse projects. Notice it is not a 15 minute utopia but far from it.
what
At 19:05, videos are not measured in "tons"!
I would move from my single family detached suburban house to an apartment IF my neighbors would be reasonably quiet (no slamming doors, no loud commercial radio/TV) and no smoking, but the odds are way too high it will be a problem.
My single family detached home in Florida consumes less energy than most apartments because I installed minisplit air conditioners.
Yes White people, leave the suburbs so you can live in the city and really babysit the blacks.
You are right, but the big money is in big oil, and the automotive industry, and our governments and politicians are bought by big money. The most fucked up part is that the voters can change it, but we don't. We keep choosing to give to the wealthy instead of taking care of ourselves and other regular citizens.
Bags of milk are more environmentally friendly than plastic jugs.  Why do you hate the environment, Rollie?
Instant subscriber. Love what you’re doing!! 💚
You guys miss an important point of car city, having a car is expensive.Car installments, fuel, maintenance, time spend on the road and parking fee !! Add up everything, it is more expensive than public transport  orientated city, like Tokyo or Singapore.😂
This is an absolute bullshit story.  Planners and elites want to force us all to live in high density housing.
Bag of milk...
The problem is extreme automobile dependency and separation of land use, not low density. Most don't want to be and WON'T all be cramed in to high density and will successfully resist any attempts to make us. It's the suburban zoning regime that needs reform, -we need #StrongTowns !
The projection of a 100 million US population growth over 30 years isn't based on current reality but a plan of some, -that others are trying to stop. US population growth has been declining steeply in recent years and that projection will only occur if we allow vastly increased immigration which we say no to!
I live in outer Jakarta ( Indonesia ) suburbia, my neighborhood are residental area only, no any type of busniess or shop can be build in my neighborhood but if i walk/cylcing 300m-700m from my house i Will find grocery strore, coffe shop, restaurant, barber shop, pharmacy shop, butcher, atm, laundry etc So when i watch this video i confuse why American who life in suburbia need car to go to the shop or hangout in coffe shop then i found the reason because America residental only area are to big  my suburbs divided into 10 comunity Gates and each comunity Gates only 4-7 hectare² large and theirs connected with suburbs main street who have sidewalk and shop/small office in each side  The only problem most of this suburbs don't have public transport which can take you directly to city center, so even you can walk/cycling to the shops, butcher, barber shop etc you still need car if u working outside ur suburbs
America 🙄
High density housing makes owning property unattainable goal. I should be able to raise a family on my own piece of property.
Interesting , Thank You .
Democrat politics are the one one only thing which bleeds America dry. Suburbs have NOTHING to do with the phenomenon.
I live in a neighborhood that is fighting becoming denser, and part of the problem is that the city wants to change the neighborhood drastically.  I think everyone here would be happier if the change could happen more gradually and not be so drastic all at once.  This neighborhood (in Los Angeles, just north of LAX) was developed around 1947 to 1953 and has not changed much since then, but there are some four story apartment buildings on some of the major streets now.  My house is now less than half a mile from a Metro station that opened about a year ago, which is one of the reasons for the rezoning.  If change starts happening too fast, I will simply get out.
oh no its getting soooo hot we are all going tgo diiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee  lmao
I think you have been brain washed by the Agenda 2030 totalitarian globalists😅😅😅😅😅
There is nothing wrong with suburbs, if you include services and public transport in them. I do not get why Americans want their grocery store be so far that you must use a car.
That opening was murder
did you just say "buy a bag of milk" oh that wasnt you , didnt know jason was eastern canadian
To sum this up, racist white ppl moved out of the metro areas to get away from blk and brown ppl. Funny how no one in the comments mention this fact. But we all know why
I used to visit my cousins in Canada as a kid and I was also shocked at bags of milk. The weirder thing was that some bags were in containers.
Error @ 00:40. America's population is not expected to expand by 100 million within the next 30 years. Current expectations show a projected population of 400 Million in 2100 alone. So that'd be a 70 million increase over around 80 years
But dude, look at all those mac mansions for a family of three people. LMAO.
I really like the idea behind mixed zoning. Its something ive thought about for many decades and wondered why we don't do it. There's version of this where you can zone in some basic shopping and make commutes less and still maintain single use. The main issue is when cities devote huge massive unbroken up chunks of land for single use. But it doesn't solve housing cost problems. What it can do is make everything expensive. Or you have to drop so many large apparent complexes or condos where those prices drop. But then houses are only affordable to the rich. Which while theres some areas where thats an issue. But houses are still affordable in the vast majority of areas.  My main issues with big buildings is.. i don't want an urban experience. Thats horrific. Thats not favorable. I like to garden. Most areas theres no solution for that except community gardens. Which is a terrible concept. Added to that most hoas and property management companies are horrific to deal with. The contracts you sign are absolutely absurd and completely unreasonable. But you have ti sign it cause its all the same garbage. No rational human would actually concent to signing accept that you have no choice.  i need land. So i wouldn't be one who would want to live in high density housing. But i don't think I should limit others. But theres a lot more complexity here than your making it out to be.
normal everyday human things tha us humans do like buying a bag of milk
housing developers will build high density housing using sh!tty materials, resulting in a potentially poor living experience for tenants.
We don't have bags of milk in America dude!
What a f.kn karen
Books it is!
I'm so hooked to these urban development videos. This is my first time watching a Climate Town video, but I was already subbed to all the other channels mentioned at the end of this one before I got here. lol. And Not Just Bikes was my gateway into this realm. These videos fill me with a sense of hope that there are actually people out there fighting and advocating for real, honest-to-goodness change for the better and that maybe things can actually improve. I get lost in imagining these wonderful would-be cities and it just gives me the fuzzies. I love this content to an almost weird extent. lol. And now I can't stop playing Cities Skylines. xD
Check out a toen called whitehall Delaware.  It's a SFD/ duplex village built ground up in the last 10 years with things at walkable distance. I personally prefer more rual areas and I don't want to live in a building with others. But preference is preference. I also understand the eye sore aide of it since if a high rise went up behind my back yard I wouldn't enjoy that haha
What is even more boring is how so many houses are just an illogical jumble of random gables all done in neutral tones.
Marxist propaganda. Will I own nothing and be happy?
i worked in a college cafeteria in the 80s. those big push button milk machines have bagged milk in them.
On the topic of seniors and their pushback on changing the code. It might be worth explaining to them how the same benefits that you are pushing will help them too. In might be nice for them to be able to get around without getting into a car. As long as they don't have disabilities that might be true. They might have more interactions with people which is necessary for combating cognitive decline. These are just a couple examples.
It's OK because it's those suburbanites paying the carbon taxes that are fixing the climate.
I'm (South) European and bags of milk are almost as much of an abomination as North American zoning laws.
The climate is not changing. CO2 is not a greenhouse gas.
Jason's Not Just Bikes algorithm sent me here! 😮 Thanks (for once) algorithms 😂😂😂
Go live in the high density area. The quality of life is way better in the single-family house. No, you will never convince people otherwise. I lived in a European town in an apartment. It sucks. No. IT SUCKS!. It is cold in winter, hot in summer, noisy, and the fact that the local store is a working distance away does not compensate for it. It makes it worse because if you don't want to go shopping every single day, and want to use a car and buy food for a week, you don't have parking spots anywhere. Yuk. No. Never. Only can work for college students.
Anytime topics like this get brought up around my grandparents and older members of my family, it's like talking to a brick wall.
Well, the malls are all dead and, if you close the friggin border and deport illegals, the population magically drops by 100 million. Gee.... how about that.....
Bagged milk uses less packaging.
an airbnb and reit economy has solved  this problem via pricing.   now move on to the tent crisis.
The suburbs are super BOOOORRRRIIIINNNGGGG 🙄 In order to keep ourselves entertained, we had to come up with something creative 🎨
100M people is ridiculous. Destroying the landscape is also ridiculous.  Stop immigration.  The saturation point has been met.  Otherwise, America can be wall-to-wall concrete and everyone can sleep in drawers.
2.5 millon people will do NOTHING about it!
Was that a Midwest thing because I grew up north of Chicago and we did the same thing, also my friends who are twins were in something that is not real PC nowadays but it was called Indian guides and we would take their bow and arrow and then we would shoot an arrow up into the sky and I'll scatter and end up usually sticking to someone's roof
'Some of who were racists btw'   "Some" of?
It's a people problem, not a  .........  problem. We're always blaming things. Are the things the problem? I don't think so. My opinion is that we're not evolving in our thinking. We, in the way we think, need to start owning these problems and quit blaming the things!! Things are without the ability to anticipate, project, theorize, envision.
Idk why, but while watching this video it suddenly struck me, how weird it is, that during snow  American's specifically shovel their driveway. I know it's unrelated, but in Germany, you're legally required to clear the footpaths of snow. Driveways feel a lot more optional. Yet when I watch American shows I always found it a little odd and quirky that kids would offer to shovel their neighbors driveway. Like why just the driveway?  But of course they wouldn't even mention a footpath, when some neighborhoods don't even have footpaths and the only way to get around is by driving, no matter the weather. In Europe it's so common to WALK places several times a day, so a snow covered footpath would be a big problem for many people. American's probably don't even think about that.
the replies on all the comments are full of weirdos who think just because they like the suburban hellscape, they should deprive walkability from people who don't even though nothing would change for them and there'd be way more space for leisure if it weren't for minimum parking requirements. you know there are walkable suburbs...right?? freaks. I can't imagine meeting these people in zoning meetings IRL.
I understand being against racism but I don’t get your hate boner against people with money who can and WANT nice houses in nice neighborhoods that are quiet.
I used to live in a townhouse, when I was a little kid. I thought it was great. No one above or below you, close knit community. I thought the neighborhood looked prettier then separated wide ass houses. No driveway but we had some grass in the front yard, and even a small backyard so there were places to play. Best part was, we lived on a dead end road so no one drove onto our road but the residents. Essentially allowing us to play in the road in relative safety. Made snow days great too, big pile of snow. Unfortunately there were no local markets or places to go so rip
Suburb is when people try to have the best of living in a city and living in a small town.
I just freaking love you and your videos. Legend..
Note to editors. 8:02 I think they meant to prevent Cleveland's factories, not Chicago's since Euclid boarders Cleveland's east side.... and I know since I grew up there. Ironically, Euclid is actually a pretty walkable suburb. As are alot of old suburbs. Great video and sorry for the zoning hell. 😅
Thanks!
They want to push you into cities and force you to pay absurd amounts for their properties while you slave your life away with no hope of ever leaving the city. Americans deserve single family homes in the suburbs, do you not let this government mouthpiece fool you.
This was such a well done video and explains the problems with suburbs so well!
City's are efficient just like CAFOs
While I feel ya, but sorry, but I'll never share walls, ceilings and floors with selfish, discourteous, obnoxiously noisy-ass neighbors ever again. Or I was just the unluckiest apartment dweller back when I was one.
Dude bag milk is better for environment   don't dis it like that :(
00:32 🏡 Suburbs are projected to grow by a hundred million people in the next thirty years, leading to environmental challenges. 01:05 🚫 Single-family zoning, not preference, drives low-density housing in the U.S., limiting options for high-density alternatives. 02:05 🌍 Higher density housing is proven to lower emissions, reduce traffic, and increase access to services, but outdated zoning laws hinder its development. 05:26 🚈 Historical reliance on streetcars and trains influenced city planning, but the rise of the automobile led to racially driven zoning practices, like R1 zoning. 07:44 🔗 R1 zoning, while technically classist, became a tool for racial discrimination inhousing, perpetuating inequality. 08:40 🏠 Euclidean zoning, originating in 1926, fueled suburban sprawl and car-centric development, contributing to climate issues. 10:35 🏡 Detached single-family houses contribute significantly to greenhouse gas emissions, inefficient heating, and increased energy consumption. 12:05 🚗 Suburban sprawl results in extensive road construction, increasing carbon emissions and hindering access to essential services. 13:29 🌆 Eliminating restrictive zoning can lead to diverse and walkable neighborhoods, addressing demand for mixed-use areas. 16:47 📜 Progressive changes in zoning regulations are occurring in cities like Minneapolis, Los Angeles, and Oregon, promoting more diverse housing options. 17:40 🏠 Advocacy for mixed-use zoning and participation in local zoning meetings can contribute to reshaping housing policies and fostering efficient, fulfilling living.
Climate town is pure communist propaganda.
I live in one of those neighborhoods that were originally built at the end of the trolley car line (and you can still see where the turn-around was). Yes, it is a great place to live.
Damn I haven’t fell in love with a channel like that in a long time
I didn't expect this to be so funny, wrong choice for my soup dinner
Man am I happy not to live in the US of A....
Real estate developers wrote the laws.
Bag of milk? Car to the outdoor toilet?
I am starting to love europe : )
I just finished watching a video about "5 over 1 housing" which is known as creating high density "walkable" neighborhoods. And the complaint is; this is leading to homogeneous housing and neighborhoods with a Burger King, Home Depot, Staples, Targets, etc... Because it pushes real estate prices so high, nobody can afford to buy a house. Your own video even points this out at the 14 minute mark. This high cost is why corporations now own everything, including housing. These corporations are cutting out the "mom and pop" diversity. So, while you think you have the perfect solution, you simply create another.  Your video also shows one coveted "walkable" neighborhood which shows apartment buildings, next to a movie theater and a bunch of generic chain stores. And @16:04 is a Target. But, why do we need this? So we can walk to Iron Man 34? Thor 21: Electric Boogaloo? Gotta have that access to overpriced boutiques like Aeropostale? And the "school" it's next to is a Media School. What a joke. It's not a real school, as you implied it was.
What's your first background in Golden colorado?
You can buy milk in glasses, PET containers, and bags, but usually milk in bag is raw milk so you pour everything in a pot and cook, and that is why you don't need a container. Cooking raw milk has its benefits, for example, it is not homogenized so you can scoop cream from the top after cooking which is tasty. Sometimes we buy milk in a bag, sometimes in a container.
I live in Westlake Village, CA which was designed by a landscape architect.  It’s wonderful.  Nice trails wander between 4/ building condos, duplexes, single family homes, and multimillion dollar homes.
Was so shocked to see footage from Golden and Lakewood lol
14:41 milk inside a bag of milk inside a bag of milk spotted
(10:35) Detached houses loose heat from 5 sides (literally all sides and roof, except bottom)
Like zero chance this gets read but man bag of milk is so much less plastic it just assumes you use a reusable container,  is that so crazy? You could even get a really nice jug that matches your dinner set or whatever
After wasting ten minutes hearing about how America destroyed it's zoning system based on all-encompassing racism, I'm going to move on to other sources that are actually focused on suburban planning instead of the same tired zombie indoctrination and politicized virtue signaling.
It seems to me that the problem is 100 million more people, not the density of their housing.
Lol this guy wants to put you into an apartment when you have to pay insane insurance rates, crazy HOA dues and deal with crazy neighbors inches from. You cant even install solar panels to pay for home electricity and to charge your electric vehicles.  Slaves forever in your little boxes when you dont even own and control the land. This whole generation of losers is going to be sick in 20 years when almost EVERYONE will be clawing at single family homes because condos will be literally everywhere with a never ending supply of garbage
A normal like 3bed 2bath house in our residential area that was in terrible shape. It got demolished and they built two new houses on the lot. I thought it was strange because it was two separate houses, not a duplex, despite the fact that the space between the two buildings was probably 3ft at most. I thought this was really weird but now I bet I know why they did it. Must have not been zoned for a duplex so they just built a duplex that was technically two free standing single family homes.
Oh boy, I sure do love the concept of owning nothing, paying unreasonable amounts of money for a two room apartment AND listening to people yell at every direction of "my" living room! But i'm sure you love you apartment! Oh wait, that looks like a house you're living in... I wonder why? Shouldn't you be living in an apartment, you know, to live the life you think we should be living...
Why didn't you pet a goose? Or better yet take one of those guys and give em a home?
I just stumbled across your channel. I was gonna ask if you're in Colorado, because that suburb looked a lot like my neighborhood. Then I saw the golden municipal building and I was like, oh yeah. That is my neighborhood! 😂
my boy! in front of the Jeffco courthouse. love to see it
i remember a comment on another video about a grandma complaing to OP that there was nothing intresting to do near his house. His response 'Of course not! if there was anything fun to do nearby i coudn't afford to live there!'  also YARDS, we could probably fit more people if a house didn't come with 2-3 houses worth of grass next door. I have a large yard, i hate it!! i hate yard work!! i hate spending money on gas an matience for mowers that constantly break down!! (oh, that also adds to pollution)
Climate change is a hoax. Close the border. Problem solved
I actually think you can make a by rub look lovely such as maybe you can wait until the trees grow until they overlap the houses and also each house can have a garden. But sadly most neighbourhoods don’t do that witch understandably it’s expensive.  And where I grew up there was a creek next to the house that me and my sister went in and one time me and my friend went in it in the winter when it was frozen and we fell in 😅
You're confusing master-planned communities with planned communities. Irvine, California is a perfect failed example of a master-planned community. Same goes for Moreno Valley.
Condos suck and degrade everything that's good about life. Apartments unfortunately are a fact of life.
I mean, cul-de-sac means bottom-of-the-bag in french
The state of Washington really shook things up.  HB1110 last session.  In a nutshell, mandatory 4 plex level density in cities above 75k in population (IN THE R1 and R2 zones .. EVERYWHERE!!) .. woo!!
We need a special on a bags of milk now.
Believe me...we could stop all pollution in America... And asia..etc..will.still.keep pumping it out.
Solution = Anti-Natilism. If humans didn't breed like rabbits we wouldn't have a problem. But with 4 new mouths to feed born every seconds, humans truly are Earth's key parasite.
Get lost with "racist " crap,  I will be  racist to anyone who wants to bring his culture into my home
You should see the socialist block apartments of stockholm they did in the 70s, they are more east block then helsinki..or even tallin Estonia Wich was sovietiskt
Bags of milk are recipe sized doses of milk for people who shop for what they eat everyday. We lived in a three bedroom place in Breda, NL that came with a refrigerator the about the same size of my 23 foot camper. Door to door by bicycle for groceries, recycling, the works, in forty minutes. I suppose I breathed a little harder. Sorry.
This guy makes good content…  before there was electricity and light bulbs, every human alive burned a torch for light and open fires for cooking/heat. Imagine all that pollution!! Why would people today be so overly concerned about climate change?  But a better question would be, if there’s only 150 years of recorded temperatures how do you create any facts past that? How do u know you’re in a heating or cooling cycle? If you’re being honest you’re simply guessing. You can say we looked at other things, but again if you’re being honest, those are just more guesses that satisfy your biases. Again, you have ZERO TEMPERATURE DATA previous to the late 1800’s!
And then there are those guys to equate a city fit for cycling and walking and less cars with "going back to the stone age"
Too little too late
I feel so bad for people who can't or dont like to drive they must be mad,depressed and isolated.
My dad was an architect and can't stand housing developments. He designed our family's house when Inwas young in the style of Frank Lloyd Wright. He picked an old neighborhood of eclectic houses, so it fit right in
I was always a city girl , and when I go out to the area where my son lived I freaking hated it and could not wait to leave since I could not drive ,
awesome Donut reference
You make a point about how the "easy decision" and the "right decision" aren't the same in the US.  I'd say that the "easy decision" isn't even easy tho.  It's more like the "easy decision is still expensive, time consuming, soul-crushing and difficult and the right decision is literally impossible."
40 minutes to the nearest store? Is that real?
Loaded with bs.
This is a brilliant mesh between educational and humorous. LUV ET
11:20 while yes in FRENCH the plural would be "culs" ... it is a loanword. in english.
This dude is nothing more than a radical leftist
You look like Joel Haver's evil twin.
Terrible absolutely terrible. Im suffering so badly. From getting run over and suffering from pelvic fracture. Suffering from breathing polluted air everyday. Even on the countryside. But the countryside can provide temporary relief.  But must be smart to survive this manmade problem. I always tried to take care of my health but im just ruined as a young male living on the streets and feel like im 80 years old because of collectively other peoples pollution
meanwhile in cities  https://youtu.be/cosTXRzBb0E?si=wGyiaYa4JPM8dHYM  Sooner or later you guys will grow up. People love suburbs.
This is why I call Asphalt "Ass-fault"
I love how this man is a legit climate scientist with a freaking masters degree and TubeYou just HAS to "fact check" every single one of his videos as if he were some kinda loopy conspiracy theorist. Algorithms are just weird man.
I thought the virtue of using bags of milks was to reduce waste? Everyone has a large opening jug at home and they drop in the bag. They save on manufacturing the jugs that end up in landfills, and an empty bag is what you trash. Not 100% sure, tbh.
can i just say as a wisconsinite your anger at bagged milk made me genuinely happy, it didn't even register as odd to me when NJB mentioned it. also you put the bag in a pitcher, we don't just keep loose bags of milk in our fridges, we aren't complete animals.
In america a house builds you 🫡
My mother grew up on a farm.  When my parents drove to Chicago for their honeymoon, she was dismayed that people lived in rowhomes and bungalows separated by a concrete breezeway.  A residence must be a detached house, with grass on all four sides.  By the same token, what is affordable housing?  The price of a starter home in Silicon Valley buys a large house in Chicago suburbs and a very large house on 10 or 20 acres 20 minutes outside a small city.  Plus, what happens when people who are downright wealthy never move out of their affordable starter homes?  If a Sr. Vice President still lives in a 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath home, is that fair to people looking to buy their first house.
If most cities are already too spread out, how do we get people closer together without destroying the existing infrastructure?
0:55 Hometown flashes. Instant subscribe lol
12:00 My sister and I were talking about me moving to her house. I asked if there was any PT in that part of LArgo, FL. Oh yes, we have a bus stop right up the street at the shopping center.(3 blocks ish) SWEET, I said, how often do they run? 3x a day... I didn't even really care which three times. EDIT: bag of milk. Right? Well, I installed one of my children's museum exhibits in El Salvador and all of our drinks came in bags except bottled soft drinks. Washed and Reused glass bottled btw. second Edit: Although it defies logic, my Salvadoran crew would just make a small hole in the top of the bag and drink from it. You just sort of put it down gently and it just stands up,  We're talking a fist sized bag of drink. Hard to even type. I lived in San Francisco for years- not only was a lot of it walkable it has lots of public transit.
Ok great idea, I should want to live in a building and raise my kids with a drug dealer in the APPARTENT above me and a pedophiles next door. Or the aspiring rock band below me. Oh and I want to walk from home with 9 pan handers asking me for a couple of bucks. why is it wrong to watch the neighborhood kids playing in the PAVED street, riding bikes, playing hopscotch or 4 square. these single family neighborhoods are essential for the social interaction of our youth. We have diverse group of folks  many etheric and cultural backgrounds having fun with each other with out all the other bad things that happen in congested or condensed environments. Yes keeping a house maintained and energy efficient is a challenge, but with a little forethought it is achievable. Getting up, waving at my neighbors when we are get in our  vehicles going to work is satisfyingly.
Lol and living in LA and New York is so great……not!!! Suburbs forever!!!…..You will have to force people to live in cities at gun point…..good luck with utopia…. BTW, the US population as well as most industrialized nations are not producing enough families…so any projections of growth is the opposite….of population non replacement by young people records….
youknow that cool stuff about being able to remove propaganda ads and coal ads from your videos cause I’m pretty sure youtube is removing that access from creators.
Ya, if you're a rabid fan of consumerism this makes sense. If you don't need to go buy something every 10 minutes to make you feel better about your shitty shallow life none of that bullshit matters. I don't need a Wal-Mart and a movie theater next door. I'd rather have the freedom to do whatever the fuck i want in my living space without worrying about some corporate dickhead kicking me out of my home for not following the rules. Probably should be a huge sign to people that this idiot thinks people go buy a "bag of milk".
hey leave BBT alone lol
Also, I think cities should have a plan to turn abandonned parking lots into housing or anything productive, really. Because there are abandonned parkings in my city, and...It needs to change, these parking lots no body uses need to be put to good use. Because reforming them would be far less environmentally damaging than anything else, plus, these places have little to no value.
However, the plural 'culs-de-sacs' is *pronounced* identically to 'cul-de-sac'.
Genuinely curious how racist zoning laws were enforced against Jews, since most can pass as white!?
One comment here mentions a special designed jug and a special cutting tool needed to use a bag of milk...?? Just buy a few quart cartons, keep the currently used on the door shelf and stack the other three on a main shelf. They won't look stupid and won't leak. No need for special designed extra containers and tools and prepping. And is it really so crucial to stock your fridge so full of stuff that your milk container needs to conform to everything else instead of taking up a few inches of space for he brief period it takes you to use up the milk? As for taking up space in your trash bin? Cartons can be flattened when empty and therefore won't take up much space. And carton is likely more environmentally friendly than any kind of plastic bag.  Is a bag of milk cheaper than a carton? I can't imagine it being enough so seeing to the massive inconvinience of its useage compared to a carton. Does a bag keep the milk fresher? I highly doubt it. At least here in my part of Europe, a carton of milk is best-before dated some 14 days from when it appears on the store shelf. And it remains perfectly fine about a week beyond that date even if you opened it on or just before that best-before date.  I suspect the benefits of bagging milk are 100% on the producers' side, not on the consumers'.  If you constantly need much more than a galleron/four litres of milk in your fridge in addition to other stuff, if I were you I'd rather buy myself a larger fridge rather than deal with plastic bagged liquid and special tools to enjoy the product on daily basis.
13:50 normal, everday things like buying a bag of milk. I'm like shivering. Milk sold in bags is such a strange concept to an European 😅
And, the very 1st commercial was for a suburban flipper...irony much? (I know you don't control it...)
I’m an introvert with autism and those “fun livable zones” look like a living hell. I want peace and quiet and I’m tired of seeing my area change.   These colossal apartment buildings are showing up everywhere where I live and I’m sick of them and now I’m learning that it’ll take unfathomably more of these soulless things to save us from climate collapse. I have a hatred towards new development regardless of what it is. My soul just hates the sight of a plasticky new building. Please please please tell me there’s another way for the love of god please.  When I was a kid I thought solar panels and electric everything would answer all of our problems and we’d all be able to keep living the way we’re living and the planet would be saved and everyone would live happily ever after.  I’m out here just praying for population control. I want there to be limits on the number of kids people can have. And a way around the inevitable problem of people rebelling by having even more kids.  This comment is likely going to be either ignored or ripped to shreds, or scrolled past by someone who doesn’t feel like reading an enormous wall of text.
This dude should rename his channel to China Shill Town because he wan't us to all live in a coffin home like they do in China.
nope people do not want single family zoning to go away, that is what you and your communist friends want, isnt going to happen
I just don't like these big houses on wee little bits of land. Maybe they should add land size limits to zoning like they do with sheds. You know, the zoning laws that say you can't have a shed if you have less than X square feet? Do that with houses. Y square feet of house divided by 1000 is the number of acres required to build. Want to build that 3000 SF McMansion? Sorry, you need at least 3 acres. Space out those houses and get those suburbanites to prefer townhouses at least, cause most of them don't like yard work and 3 acres is just too much for them.
I just learned about the bag of milk not too long ago so your comment on it was hilarious. You have become my favorite content creator
Are you telling me that in America, the bag of milk pitcher is not a house hold staple?
Whatever. I’m trying to find a bunch of acres to put a single house on to stay away from you assholes. Communities and cities can suck it.
11:08 Gilmore girls reference? 🤨🤨🤨
As long as we don't reverse it and make it impossible to make normal housing though ive never heard this law
Upvote for the Hulk Hogan clips. And your general argument.
I have a question.  Are we allowed to build container homes in the suburbs?
concerning 10:39 in the video. When you live in a country with cold winters and HOT summers i curse having to live in an apartment building that is too hot to be comfortable even when it is not summer and it is cool outside because the building itself is one giant greenhouse heat trap and maybe your adjacent wall neighbours are elderly who keep their apartment even hotter for their comfort, so that heat now seeps in to your apartment also and now we have to use energy to try keep our apartments cool enough to be habitable.
Dont worry, as a mexican i cant aftord 500k house 5 min away from my work in mn so your white neighborhood will be intact!. Your "inflation-blame-biden" strategy worked very well!.
Gosh this smug, snarky guy is hard to listen to!
This was such a great video to introduce me to both of these folks! Cheers 🩵✌️
I would rather live in a tent than in a suburb.
jeez $4800 dollar home, $960 cash, $27.62/month..... I'd buy one every month.
A big reason homeowners shun "mixed use" is "low income", section 8, housing shows up and "there goes the neighborhood.
Oh its a lot worse than all that dude. The housing market is a big fat lie. Houses aren't made out of wood anymore...they're made out of wood waste. Chips, pieces, wafers, sawdust and lots of glue. What's the fastest way to compost a log?...cut it into tiny pieces. The houses perform well enough to pass inspection with time left over for all the checks to clear but last about 20 years because moisture cannot be stopped. Somehow some way whether it's liquid water or airborne vapor it will get in and when it does your 30 year loan on a now condemned 20 year old house is gonna really suck. This combined with 10 year loans on 5 year cars will wreck us all. Guaranteed when it does it'll be a too big to fail financial bailout situation. You want a good house?...buy one that's 100 years old or more that passes inspection. Not only were they built with better materials...they were built by better builders. Great content
You only need to win local elections to change the codes.
we have Imu In One Piece use great flood to separete people, in reality, we have big corps/goverment flooded our whole earth with car roads.
Don’t have children, birthgap, the narcissistic boomer’s fever dream. They’re all nearly dead btw, we’re just stabbing ourselves in the eye with de-growth. Good job!
If you think bags of milk are weird, google the plastic pictures that everyone has to own just so they can pour said milk.
I've lived in a mixed-use area not so long ago and I found it wasn't for me, but I think it's ridiculous that it's not even an option for people in most areas.
but living in an condo sucks.Having a yard is nice so is a toy hauler, side x side, canoes ect. Living in a urban box is no fun. When my kids were little we lived in a townhouse which was awesome, as there was lots a kids around for them to play with.  But as i got older and i needed more space for my big boy toys.
So I looked at home prices in Belmar...  mixed use area.... the problem is none of those are remotely affordable.   The lowest price home 'pending' was $560,000 !!!!    Affordable needs to get below $200,000.   Who are you building these mixed use developments for?....  Upper middle class folks... which is the same classist zoning problem that R1 presents.  That is only part of the problem.... we have some efforts at mixed use in humble little Peoria IL... but if you listen to builders... they cannot or will not build for less than $300,000+ per unit.   Which pretty much rules out any major reconfigurations in the older single family residential areas, where this is most desperately needed.   Some of these mixed use places have been sitting vacant for years now, unsold.... because you can buy a much larger single family house (more desirable?) for the same price or LESS.  Yeah mixed use is terribly needed.   It is very tax efficient   Something needs to give on what it costs to build quality housing at an affordable price that most Americans can reach for.
Population will decline not expand, the real problem will be abandoned houses.
Ha! I thought you were in Colorado just from looking at the neighborhoods. Then I saw the Jeffco courthouse. But yeah the houses on top of each other here is an eyesore.
The very first thing you said about the BB gun...me and my friends did that too. I'll never forget the look on his mom's face when she came home to all the neighborhood kids shooting each other in HER backyard 😂 "WTF! OMG!" hahaha Priceless
Love the country, I'm so so for suburbs, and I loathe cities with a passion that I can not adequately express.
High dentistry housing ruined my city. Crime is going through the roof. Graffiti popped up all over the city. Traffic now chokes my city.
I love living in a suburb, just saying. I really enjoy all the trees, and how quiet and safe it is. I understand these points though. I'm just glad i have the choice.
nice
What I never understood, aside from the suburbia insanity initself, is the sheer non-practicallity of these houses. Yes, all of them look a little like miniature castles from disney with those kinda-turrets, outward balonies and very "elegant" windows. In Germany - or literally any other european country - 99% of average houses look the same: Rectengular blocks with very boring roofs. The most exciting thing about the averga family house is a attached garage which breaks the standard rectengular block somewhat. Nontheless, in Europe most suburbs are so diverse in looks, which american suburbs could just never achive even if they try their hardest with those disney houses. This observation disturbs me more within these videos than the actual nightmare of suburbia itself.
American person living in America (briefly?) but own a flat in a high rise in Europe. I'd love to see more urban housing, but there aren't zero problems with it in Europe either. For example, my flat is in a mostly glass building, and it gets like a greenhouse in even slightly warm weather, which is a huge problem. Glass buildings are also a LOT of energy and not climate-friendly material to create. If you have all (or mostly) glass buildings that are tall, you'll *need* them to have AC to be liveable, especially with hotter and hotter years. They also require expensive energy solutions and maintenance compared to houses. That doesn't mean they aren't worth building, but it's important to factor this in  when building high rises and weigh it up against building shorter buildings. I'd also like to see larger homes available and many more homes available, because when you have small homes and not enough homes, you end up with 1 and 2 bedroom flats near/in the city centre costing the equivalent of $1 million (and average wages 1/20th of this). A scary thought if this also spreads to America.
Love your channel but I think this is by far your worst video, not only the climate change concern is a long shot but also denies the poor quality of life of living in a big building and everything being that. Take China megacities as an example.
Convert some of those houses to local shops, doctors, dentists, etc.  Change your laws. They are ineffective. And dont vote for idiots.
Yeah but i really dont want to live next to an apartment building i enjoy seeing the mountains
good job, eric rosen.👏
I'm not against high density housing but at my current stage in life that's not the kind of home I'm looking for. I'd prefer a single family home with some land. Single family homes are currently more expensive than ever before and the "solution" of high density housing doesn't seem like a solution to me. Some people might choose it but many will still seek single family homes.
I watched it  happen in Florida over the 40 years I lived down there  every tree ,swamp cut down filled in,concerted over
and very misleading, 50% of carbon is not caused by suburbs. Thats impossible as most sources say that all housing contributes only 20%.
climate town is propaganda.
Sounds like a horrible idea who wants to see a bunch of ugly apartment buildings all over the place? Not to mention that with apartment buildings comes the homeless the druggies and the gangs. No thanks.
What did congestion mean, if it didn't mean traffic congestion? I think Jason is confusing "traffic" with "car". Traffic≠cars. Congestions involving pedestrians and/or horse drawn carriages, is traffic congestion.
1:30 thats what she said
tracing the issue from factory work, onto sanitation planning, through racism, onto complacency,,,  but only advocating for a diversion half-way back down the line. I get speaking to what you know, but why not address the previous dysfunctions in the interest of a long lasting human project? even just an aside to acknowledge the egoism and violence of the property artifice would satisfy. funny vid
Even more fun fact (if it hasn’t already been made in 13K comments): cul-de-sac is French for bum-of-bag.   Your enclosed street end is a bum of bag (or bag a$$, really, since cul is quite a rude French word for that part of the anatomy).
NOTHING HE SAYS IS RIGHT !
Making everyone rentees' that live in apartments instead of houses is NOT the solution though.
Buying a bag of milk?  AI at it's finest.
I was following along fine then. . . B A G O F M I L K. I am horrified.
I cannot seem ti get the discord link to work?
Mass immigration is bleeding America dry.
I am okay with not living 10' from anyone. I can have pets, livestock, gardens, and a play area. I don't need my kids/grandkids playing in a park where the "urban campers" are chilling, doing drugs, and defecating. I will take the country living way sooner than any city. I don't know when growing one's own food became taboo, but you all need to rethink what you are doing because you have no real life at all.
True story here.  A Greek father hosted a party at his beautiful home.  He exclaimed to his guests “I love America!”  I’m so tired of those overseas bashing us.  Our life here is still good and secure.
If it so obvious that suburbia is bankrupting cities, devastating the climate, and most people don't even wanna live this way anyways then why do we keep self influcting pain on ourselves by banning mixed-use, transit-oriented communities? I know you can do better BROTHER!
Some of us prefer not to live on top of our neighbors. Too claustrophobic. Don't like apartments and don't like condos. Cramming more and more people into ever smaller spaces is a recipe for sociological disaster. If you want to see the end result of this kind of thinking, visit the projects in Chicago. Or maybe check out the blocks in Russia. Urban planners are not your friends.
People who bitch about the suburbs, rarely live in apartments in the city.
USA will not gain 100 milion people because people are aging and having very few kids
Best case scenario for humans is to live in stasis pods where we generate our own electricity.
Ya id much rather live in New York and get butt flucked on everything else.
I’m a structural engineer, and I have designed a lot of buildings that contribute to sprawl. I don’t have any say in the form of a building itself (that is up to the architect), but I make sure buildings won’t fall down in the presence of wind, earthquakes, heavy snow, etc. In many ways, I feel like part of the problem in America‘s urban development. Your video gives me hope that America‘s urban development problem can be fixed by passionate, courageous people in the next generation. Thanks for putting the effort into research to educate viewers. I will look into attending a zoning meeting in my area of the midwest, US. Perhaps in this way I can make a difference.
Suburbs is codeword for White people. Without Westernkind there is no American, antiWhite.
Car centrism strikes again.
overpopulation is the problem. use protection you disgusting animals. 2 kids max per couple is more than enough.
The greatest point you can make in the USA is that you can make something capitalizable 😂 so doooo it
Maybe people like living in the suburbs. I like living far away from people. Sorry I don’t want to live in an apartment block like in Soviet Russia.  If the issue is having cars that use gas, then I’ll buy an electric car and install solar on my property. People don’t have to want to live in cities like Amsterdam.
anyone want to give me their suburban home  i’ll gladly live in a beautiful neighborhood away from the ghetto urban streets.
The oil and gas industry probably has a big hand in keeping things this way.. they make trillions off this layout.
I laughed out loud all the way through! And informative. Great video.
i like the not just bikes dude
Man...was not expecting to hear Villa Itallia today but there's a blast from the past.
My neighbourhood kind of resembles a proper suburb because decent sized houses with backyards and lots of trees, but we at least have some smaller houses important things like schools and a grocery store and drug store and a pub. My city also has suburban neighborhoods with nothing but big two story houses with enormous garages spaced out weirdly far apart from each other with no adult trees yet and no sidewalks and these unnervingly wide roads that make you feel like everyone who lives on the street is watching you when you go outside. All the houses are brown and they all have the exact same shape and size of lawn and with weird fake bricks and and it just goes on and on and the city is still building them, further and further into our province’s wild prairie land and they are so so ugly
I remember a story by Ray Bradbury where they invent teleportation and people hardly ever go outdoors. People who liked walking barefoot in the rain were considered crazy. This story isn't far from what America looks like today.
Neighborhood character. As if they cared about the neighbourhood character when they bulldozed towns and dumped street cars for the sake of the shitsprawls.
One of the most upsetting things is how as we enter late stage capitalism malls are closing but due to who knows what zoning laws, those old malls cannot be used for anything (except the odd Spirit Halloween). So these old buildings which take up massive amounts of space just sit there like warehouses, impossible to redevelop into who knows what. Local businesses, parks, housing, etc.
Why are military bases sprawling suburbs as well
The discourse over a bag of milk in the comments is hilarious, because it looks a lot like the discourse over zoning changes. There are people that cannot get past how different it is long enough to consider any possible reasons why it might be a good idea. Rather than rejecting something outright due to a fear of uncertainty found within the lack of understanding of a thing, try to be curious and investigate, you might learn something.
I wonder, is the 25% non-R1-zone being scarce, also the reason the USA broke down ALL their beautiful 1800s buildings?  Next to that, I feel like you didn't put enough emphasis on the fact that the USA actually used to be very livable before cars, and that countries have changed their car dependency before, so it IS possible.
But where would I keep my boats?
Unfortunately, in many cases rezoning of neighborhoods, although not expressly "about" taking away someone's detached-family house, becomes about that. You have older people who came up during the time when that was the ideal, worked all their lives, paid off their houses...and then are forced out by skyrocketing property taxes. Or shaded out by big buildings on either side of them, or look out to their once nice view of a lake and now see a huge, ugly apartment building that has monopolized the view for their tenants (all of whom pay premium prices for that view). Of course those single family homeowners will get old and eventually may become unable to live in those homes any longer, but they're just trying to enjoy what they worked all their lives for.  And let's not pretend that the most of those developers are in it to increase quality of life for anyone. In many cities, especially ones like Seattle with its housing shortage, they're doing it to make a quick buck. The people losing their neighborhood and often their homes, get accused of nimbyism and standing in the way of increased density. But why must the final conclusion be that the developer and the big money behind them should get the final say?  Of course there are good developments as well, and some are creating that combination of accessibility, density, shopping, third places and culture that makes a new development truly desirable. We need a lot more of that kind of development, and it's slowly starting to happen.  But when developers are building crappy plastic-looking 6-story buildings, and adding nothing in terms of shopping or other amenities but rather just cramming more people in to get more $$ from rents, it's not hard to understand why residents object.
lets just focus on America(uses a clip from a British band)
Comment
Cui bono?  Small land owners are deprived from development rights, they are not allowed to add any density on their lots even if they want, at the same time you propose new high rise construction which will add many new users to the infrastructure without paying a fair share. The land value and a property tax will go up, with no option to build more. Why should they support such construction?  Transferable Development Rights (TDR) could be a good solution for this problem. If there is a development potential in the neighborhood why should it be granted to any individual land owner - shouldn’t it belong to each landlord proportionally to property tax?  Want to oppose density - keep paying for excess of TDR. Willing to decrease tax burden - sell surplus of TDR to your neighbor who is willing to build more. New infrastructure may first go to the neighborhoods which are willing to utilize TDR this infrastructure creates.
The idea of city planning like this please definitely a reasonable one with some good ideas but that being said, it's definitely not for everyone. I grew up in the outer suburbs on a river surrounded by tons of trees and nature, I have absolutely no desire to ever live in the city as my main priorities are for peace and quiet and being surrounded by nature not thousands of people.
Imagine being rich enough to live in an apartment next to a movie theater next to a bunch of restaurants next to a school next to two grocery stores.  Even better, imagine if you didn't have to be rich to live there.
Something about apartments feels oppressively claustrophobic. But much of the new r1 housing is just as tight, with maybe 10 feet between houses. I like single family homes if they're built right, mainly so kids can have a yard to play in and you don't have to hear the neighbors above or below you. Otherwise, I agree with the video.
Please drop your horrible jokes! They are reaaaally not funny!
I get what ur saying but it's just disrespectful to film in the middle of the street in the neighborhood ur saying is shite
Thanks for the info I'll look into it
That's  not the " suburbs " I'm  familiar with.  But don't  worry,   we had a garden, orchard, rabbit for awhile , a pig...
15 minutes cities unfortunately are despised by conservatives. Just saw Hasan Piker talking about this! It’s so sad
Hey Rollie, good job making an engaging zoning video! I appreciate your concern for using correct terminology, but I'm here to go down a little tangent if you'll indulge me. Regarding the use of "culs-de-sac" as the plural of "cul-de-sac," I believe "cul-de-sacs" is more appropriate and I'll explain why. If you weren't already aware, the phrase originates from French, meaning "bottom of the bag." If we are talking about multiple roads, each of which is the "bottom of the bag," we would say they are the "bottomS of the bagS" not that they are the "bottomS of the bag" (note the capitalization of certain "s" for clarity).  A bag only as one bottom, therefore there must be multiple bags if multiple streets qualify as a bottom of a bag. Therefore, adding the "s" onto "sac" makes more sense than adding it to "cul." I can't wait for the replies telling me I'm wrong because I've over-thought this and loanwords don't have to follow logic.
It’s the Cock bros and redlining.
It was cool seeing the old dying malls get torn down for these mixed-use spaces. I'm to the east of Belmar over in Centennial, where our Southglenn Mall gave way to a place that houses more business than the old mall still had in its final days. Plus a library, a police substation and mid-rise apartments enough for several hundred people, with a parking garage making up for the couple of acres of reclaimed parking lot. I wish they had added more green space, it's still nearly the same percentage of paved land that it used to be!
13:48 Not Just Bikes' Canadian is showing.
To answer the question why a bag of milk is a thing. It's a thing because it cheeper than packaging milk in plastic reinforced cardboard. especially if you want to add the little plastic lid onto it. As for the environmental impact, it's actually smaller than cardboard packaging. It would be best to go back to reusable glass bottles, but most of developed world has gone to lazy to go back to it, plus we expect prices of food to stay low, which would be slightly offset by having to pay the milk dude🤷‍♂️
In may places the suburbs are the life blood of the cities.  The city would wither and die without them. The suburbs supply the city with workers, with customers. the cites are but nothing without customers and workers.
"It doesn't fit in the character of the neighborhood". Then why it's also illegal in NEW developments, when the developer DECIDES the neighborhood's character?
This is America and we get choices of where we want to live. Some like it and some don’t like it, but the fact we get choices is the point. God takes care of this planet!
When I lived in England I was always amazed when I took the train because there were basically no suburbs; there were small towns and then there were cities. The guy I was dating at the time walked everywhere because he didn't have a car and there was so much stuff within walking distance. It was really a culture shock for me, who grew up in the suburbs, and drove everywhere. Currently I live in BFE KY, so I have the ability to do what I like to my land (food forest!!) but living in a walkable area would absolutely be my second choice because I hate driving 30 minutes just to get to a grocery store.
bag of milk is common in parts of Europe, and yes, it spills
When i was a kid i had thing magical device called a bicycle that allowed me to travel miles away from my suburban neighborhood and visit my friends. It was also a really good way to get daily exercise. What a mindblowing concept.
Oh this is all being taken care of in an extreme way
This guy is kind of funny but is always complaining about everything.
You and the Not Just Bikes guy have discouraged me from visiting the USA. I mean, what will I do there for entertainment?
I saw the first frame and immediately knew it was Colorado. The newer neighborhoods here are dreadful!
suburbs take away nature, which animals need to live and which people need as well.
Me (a Canadian): "DiGiorno pizza? Is that a thing?" *googles* Me: "That's just Delissio pizza! It's the same box and branding! Even the commercials are the same! 'It's not delivery, it's '_DiGiorno'_? NO, it's Delissio!"
It would be great if the multi home residences being built in cities weren’t all $500k+ condos though. The barely affordable places are poorly cared for and overrun with pests. Maybe more availability would help prices too? But the way they keep building expensive places it doesn’t look promising.
Ignoring "bag of milk" makes your argument similar to a racist who accepts black people but still hates Asians....let me explain. You bring up many great points  about behavior and inform  people about choices we make, due to cultural norms, that attribute to our folly. However, milk in a bag, you seem to draw a line. I challenge you to step into the territory your videos encourage viewers to join and actually try it. They have milk in Mexico, in a bag, that can be stored until opened for 6 months...upon opening its just like regular milk. How much refrigerator time would this save if adopted
This seems like a government sponsored video to push climate change, increase our taxes on carbon, And take away the freedoms people like from driving their cars and commuting
Can't help feeling that skyTran could work extremely well to at least give suburbanites really fast, efficient and comfortable public transit. Well, suburbanites and cities both. Also, I live in a single family house right now and you couldn't get me into an apartment voluntarily by any means I can imagine. Loud neighbors, can't play music at any volume, forget about a home theater, and no yard. Fact is many people do prefer single houses, so we have to find a way to do both survive climate change and let people live as they prefer. Good next-gen public transit can help. More apartments in the cities for people who like that sort of thing (eww). Make houses better, better insulation, solar panels on everything, etc.
There is a video about bags of milk.  Lots of love .  I just learned that last week.
why is bagged milk a thing???
Great job!! I learned a lot!😲👏 At 11:12 both Not Just Bikes and you are right : seems that in english you can either write "culS-de-sac" or "cul-de-sacS", but in french (for I'm French...), the plural "culS-de-sac" is the only one right.
Thank you for the insights into US's land use problems. I knew it was bad, but not such a backwards mentality. Happy to see a few new changes.   Here in my city, actually the megacity of São Paulo, we have different issues but also many problems. Suburbs are usually inhabited by lower-income population, whom must use the underdeveloped public transport systems or even drive (yes some have old cars, etc.) for like two hours or more everyday just to go to work! Meanwhile, high-income population live in developed areas downtown with plenty of walkable areas and overall good public services, or even work online... We combine environmental inefficiency with environmental injustice.   But a better spatial distribution of jobs, and a polycentric and mixed urban development, could actually help reverting this.
OMG. Stop with the climate alarmism and everything is racist nonsense. We don't all want to live on top of each other. R1 zoning lets us live like humans instead of rats in a cage. Focus on lifting the majority of the world's population out of poverty by supplying cheap energy.
I love being welcomed to climate town 🙂
This video is now my personality. I've lost all my friends. make it stop.
The worst thing is living in places where you have to get into a car to buy some groceries, or visit a coffee shop. I almost think it should be compulsory for new developments to come with a  couple of small shops and a little bistro. Give it more of a community feel. If people walked more they would also be more fit and healthier- not to mention happier.
You can make a living bashing the suburbs, way to go.  Near my Midwest town we have several suburban towns with paved streets, good schools, and sound fiscal policy governments.  The only thing bleeding dry is the big cities as no actual American adults want to live there past age 25.
People wanna live in belmar? I avoided that place if I wasn't going to the coffee shop of best buy.
Another big factor In suburb an areas being against high density is school funding because of the possibility of a significant number of students coming from apartment complexes that are paying significantly less taxes per unit than single family houses do. This is also a factor In minum lot sides and requirements on the size and amenities required to build a house In a certain area.
The only milk that should be bagged is breast milk.
Selfish Baby Boomers ruin everything!
Shouldn't we be building *down* like the canceled plans for the Chicago Hellmouth?   When I was a kid, I remember reading a sci-fi book where urban sprawl was made extinct by these "warrens" and it allowed future people to let nature reclaim most of the surface, thus impacting the climate, wildlife, and air quality for the better.  Of course, the solution to most personal disputes in this book was to hop into a Hunger Games-style free-for-all where you could de-IQ (or lobotomize) your opponent with a zat-gun so maybe the science is a bit questionable? 😏
Despite being very not Canadian, I've never been disturbed by the bag of milk because the first elementary school I attended gave us single-serving bags of chocolate milk with lunch instead of cartons. They're very enjoyable to stab with a straw. Idk how it works for a multiple serving bag though, sadly I assume there's less stabbing involved
I chose my house based on price and the fact that i can walk to the grocery store and other places in less than 10 minutes. I would never live in cookie cutter development and with HOA  fees no less.  Nope.
America has tried public housing and well, it didn't work as most have been raised
Can't stand this. Ugh. People where I grew up literally praise this awful type of zoning.
thats not what bagged milk (which is better for enviro) looks like
The main problem is no one wants to live in the majority of cities. St. Louis city and county (for areas people can afford) have people leaving in droves. People want to get their kids out of that environment and especially out of those school districts. If these were good areas to live, then they’d naturally fill up with people and the burbs wouldn’t be expanding like they are.
0:13 It's actually not obvious that your friend John isn't blind.
I'm all for walkable communities if done correctly. My city tried to build a walkable community 5 story housing project where the ground floor would be shops and businesses and the other 4 floors would be low income housing. 3 yrs later and they have yet to attract even a single business to rent ground floor space. The other 4 floors have been filled with poor people which has led to a rise in crime...which is probably why no business wants to move in.   I disagree, however, that high density cities are better for the environment. This is propaganda pushed by those that benefit from agglomeration economies...mostly politicians and industrialists. Most studies that claim urban life is better measure residential energy use or personal vehicle ownership. While I won't dispute the findings, I will say that these aspects are only a small sliver of things one should consider. Cities have commercial and industrial energy consumption AND pollution that rural settings don't (which is why most studies only look at residential). And sure urban car ownership rates might be half as much as rural but those comparisons don't take into account the fleets of taxis, police cruises, fire trucks, cargo vans, and delivery trucks that aren't usually found in more rural settings.  And if we're talking "climate change" let's not ignore the fact that cities can actually change climates. The lack of green spaces combined with the common building materials used in most cities (asphalt, concrete, brick, stone, steel, etc) means cities retain heat and cause massive thermal updrafts which carry surface CO2 into the upper atmosphere where CO2 has the most impact on climate change.  But the real damage cities do has less to do with climate change and more to do with pollution in general. Single use packaging, trash, human waste, water pollution and air pollution are much more concentrated in urban environments. Even if you could somehow argue cities produce less refuse and pollution per capita, that refuse and pollution is still concentrated and not easily managed without severe impact to the environment.   Lastly, while zoning can definitely be improved, it's not like single family zoning is causing suburbs to be suburbs. Suburbs exist because people with means want the convenience of living near the city but don't want to put up with the crime and poor school systems. This will never change.
I’m so glad I grew up in a small town developed in the 1870s, the center of town was at most 2 miles away from the furthest houses and had several restaurants for kids to eat at, every Friday in the summer the street would shut down for kids to run around. Every branch of the town had its own separate park for kids to play at and college age kids were employed to play games with all the locals. It was fantastic.
Oh, smarter .. like Hong Kong!  Have you seen the pollution in Hong Kong?  The smog?  The trash in the harbor?  I have!
Don't you have a painting to dump soup on
"okay, okay, enough international talk, it's time to focus on america!" - Bald Eagle image flying into the picture with Statue of Liberty and Stars'N'Stripes.... BUT! playing The Who in the background. I like that sense of humor :D
Something you missed is what's happening in NY. I live in Brooklyn, which is being restyled by real estate speculators. My community is being repurposed by real estate interests. the poor and elderly who've been here for decades are being pushed out. The speculators are buyng out all communit assets like shoppig ad services. People with Granny carts have nowhere to shop. If you don't have a single family house with a driveway, you have no way to get to accessible shopping except by car, and there isn't enough 'free parking' for you to commute by vehicle. No politician dares to change the rules and anger the developers. And poor and elderly people have noplace to live where they can have access to amenities. This is East Flatbush and small communities i queens.
Holy shit! Vallastaden! I live there!
10:38 there is 6 sides... And there is 5 sides difference
Another step closer to “you will own nothing, and be happy.” No thanks, I’ll keep my morning commute, driving cool vehicles, owning my own piece of land, doing whatever I want on it, and generally NOT being surrounded by a ton of people all the time.
Welp, I got 3 minutes into it...  I tried, I really did. The problem here is the whole video is based on an assumption...  that people WANT to live in high density housing next to commercial spaces. I live in the suburbs because I DON'T want to live in high density.  The laws weren't passed for no reason.
13:50 ahahahaha, that casual bag milk reference 😂😂😂😂
I think that what is happening in my area (St.Louis) is that the big apartment complexes are being built just beyond the suburbs.  Once you get to rural areas, you CAN build big apartment complexes.     And I must say, this guy narrating is so hard left he is hard for me to even listen to.  Can you make a video without the left-wing preaching?
Well, single family areas are far safer to live in. That's where people want to be.
Are you below the dog park by Green Mountain?
I may be a dinosaur but living in a apartment in the middle of a City is pretty close to he'll and public transportation is actual hell.
Stfu bags of milk are awsome
9:00 damn older generations had it so rough with those high interest rates
The problem is trying to say that in "the land of the free" etc..
My grandfather died and my uncle sold my grandparents house in Kansas for $250k and my reaction was "someone bought that old house for that much?" Everything in it needed to be gutted & remodeled.  Weird that buyers are paying so much even for 60 yr old homes.
You give me an ethno-state, and I'll live in your high density housing.  I'm not living in an urban multicultural society.
Is there a similar situation in Australia? Cause they seem to have the same problem…
Denver is a great example of suburban sprawl
I my city I remember back in the 80's all the roads were for cars, and all tramways lines were abandonned and reconverted for car traffic except for just one remaining tramway line. Cars were the big thing then and everything was sacrified for it. Except the city grew so much that there was cars congestion just like any other city, from long time ago already. (Archives images from the 50's showed already car congestion at certain point in the city) Good thing is that from the late 90's the city went like "cars must be limited now" and this is what they did. Recreate all ancient tramways lines, create new ones, restrict most car traffic lanes from 2 ways to one single lane, get rid of atrocious parking zones at the most beautiful places in the city. It is barely the same town I have come to know anymore, and I can only applaud what has been done. Cars be damned in cities. (I have one but hopefully I don't need it on a daily basis as I would get NUTS)
So nice to see you young people well educated and conscious about these ridiculous issues and talking about it. You are the generation that could stop this non-sense.
Wait, I thought Japan has housing crisis right now. At least in large cities, like Tokyo. Why otherwise there are so many tiny appartements (10 square meters or even less) that people rent instead of having at least 30-40 square meters appartements? Aren't capsule hotels are so popular in Japan due to high prices on real estate?
True. I live 33 miles out from the closest city, and it takes 2hrs to get there via public transportation
You're basically telling me I need to make bank and buy myself a single family property quickly before I can only buy apartments.
I know it wasn't the intention but one of the more interesting things I took from this video was looking up "why DO countries bag milk?" Good video regardless of that, lol.
Lol, "freeist country in the world." Not by a longshot
I am watching in Bogota.  I love being here, my girlfriend and I can get most of our needs with just a short walk.  I feel the life here is much healthier most here walk or bike.  Downtown Bogota on Sunday most roads are closed for families to bike in the city and there are thousand out enjoying family life.
I was literally just about to leave an angry comment about the bagged milk, but you beat me to the punch and put it right in the video
Where can I buy a bag of milk?
I used to hit up the cinema in Belmar when i lived in lakewood.
nobody with a brain wants to live in a crowded way overpriced really small cheaply built apartment box.
im not sharing my home with goofballs comrade.
I grew up in the suburbs and getting my driver's license at 16 was like freedom. I lived in a couple apartment buildings out of necessity. One dog friendly one, the dogs would bark until 3:00am every night. Then it would go quiet for a few minutes. Then one dog would bark, and they all would join in until I left for work. I was exhausted from lack of sleep for a year. Give me single family homes every time.
Glad Minneapolis is improving in this area!  One of it’s suburbs is nearly done installing light rail public transit to/from downtown Minneapolis, so that’s also good.
I live in a suburb of Charlotte NC and while there has been lots of development in the city for apartment and condos in uptown there really is not readily accessible supermarkets in the area for example, and rents or costs have rapidly gone beyond what is affordable for the average consumer. Meanwhile city government is trying to concentrate arts and sports venues in the uptown area which necessitates paid parking to attend such events since there is no on street parking available and public transportation is limited to one light rail line and a bus system that literally only works like spokes of a wheel to go into or out of the uptown city center. I never imagine giving up my single family home after living in a city in New Jersey for 30+ years.
Yeah, all these single family homes with plenty of space are such a bore. We should stack everyone in cramped apartments that all look the same and cost way more!
The houses are all way over sized and under built.
I was quite into this and then he roasted books! Dont you dare !
Why were you taking 40 minutes to walk to the dry cleaners?  Didn't you have a bicycle?  I'm not sure how effective you would be bringing home your laundry on a bicycle, but as dedicated as you seemed to be to the cleaners you would have found a way!
3:55 let's focus in America 🤠
So many lies and half truths in this it's all bs
Leaving a comment for the algorithm
13:52 Having milk in a bag is not normal.
I am currently in a Hyperfixation-Binge of "NotJustBikes" Videos and stumbled upon this video. Music memes? Wrestling Memes? Funny presenter? Consider me hooked!
20 minutes is not long, dont worry. in fact, i love videos that are over 1 hour long lol
I managed to get my mom to sit through this whole thing. She’s never been very interested in this kind of topic but found the video funny enough to subscribe at the end of it. Thanks for all the time you put into these, it makes a difference
Hey man milk bags aren't all bad
Good luck changing zoning. They made me move my storage-shed 7 feet because it was 10 inches too tall!
America was so great when it was segregated.  Sad I never got to see it, instead I had to move to Europe to live in a white community.  Meanwhile leftists in America want America to be more like Europe - which I'm all for.  Let's make America 95% white again.  Yea, you can have your bike paths and white people can move back into the cities, when America is 95%+ white again.
Apartments and townhouses would be amazing in the US if HOAs were and weren't a license to rob apartment owners in plain daylight. That is whole other can of worms.
Sounds like Agenda 21
The Red Zones also excluded "low class whites". So it was kind of inclusive. We are making some progress locally. Not so much in seeing true mixed use (1) but in some mixture of single and mult iunit housing. The multi unit is usually side by side or upper and lower duplex. In fact we have older areas that feature large numbers of upper and lower unit duplexes that were built as multi generational homes.  1) We had large numbers of local bakeries, grocery stores, butcher shops and pharmacies at one time. Then the supermarkets came in and slowly one by one the small independents went under. They simply could not compete in terms of cost and product choice.  We had an IGA store a block from the house, phamacies 3 or 6 blocks. Real city blocks not the 500 meter monsters now. And 3 bakeries with in 6 blocks. This was in a R1 zoned area. Plus parks no mater what part of the city were never more than 3 blocks away. Most of which were big enough to allow kids to play baseball.
I hate the suburbs.
I too was once a young Hulkamaniac 😂😂😂😂😂
Dear god please pronounce homogenous properly
I stop watching anything whenever that sound comes on.
“Sepia times” is friggin hilarious
Yep, feel terrible about my suburban life. I just hate missing out on all those cultural benefits of the big city like elevated crime, filth, pollution, and stepping over human excrement, like I did on my last visit to Seattle. The tent communities all along the city highways really added to the touch.
The screeching 🎵😂😂😂
Suburbs is a very American thing that most other countries find very exotic and foreign, I've read that the average suburbs is 16.5miles or more than 26km away from the city, which is very ridiculous and insane for me that Americans drive one hour away at full highway speed from home to go to work. In my country, 26km is the distance you drive to visit relatives every other weekend, and if Americans drive a total of 52km total per day(back and forth) that's already like going on vacation at a far beach or mountain resort; and if Americans drive a total of 260km per week, that's like driving to a really tourist destination to spend the entire week in. No wonder kids in America grow up having issues about their parents not having enough time for them.  In my city, people who work in cities live in cities and usually find work 2-6 km away from their home or a quick 10-15min drive, where public transportation is readily available, 10km away is considered very far(which my wife's office is from our house) which is a medium long 25min drive in heavy traffic(only 15 min if the roads are clear). All housing developments are all inside cities, even gated subdivisions both high-end and low-cost economy housing, while high-rise high-density condos and apartments are inside prime locations right next to big malls, offices, and schools.   People who live 26km away like an American suburbs would already be renting a unit with their family inside the city, or have already bought another house inside the city, only going home on the weekends to their old house, which their elderly parents are living in usually.
I live in a suburb in the US that is considered an “agrihood”. We have a fully functioning farm, a grocery store, a farmer’s market, restaurants, community pool, a dog park, two playgrounds, two schools, a church and walking trails everywhere. There are mixed family homes as well as apartments. The apartments are on the other side of the community so as to not affect individual home prices. This is how high-end suburbs are being built in the US these days.
The sad thing is what shocked me the most when watching the video was that “God Damn” was bleeped out? What? Just to cater to the overly sensitive American audience? 😭
10:32 Wouldnt that be leaking from five sides, not four?
When you said "Belmar", I raised an eyebrow.  When  you brought up Villa Italia, I laughed, because I remember watching that that entire transformation, from Villa's grand opening, its heyday, it's decline, and the emergence of Belmar.  And it's not alone - if memory serves, there are only four actual "malls" left in the Metro area - Aurora, Southwest Plaza, Cherry Creek, and Park Meadows.  Many others died in much the same way as Villa Italia, and have been rebuilt in mixed zone fashion.  Heck, Villa/Belmar wasn't even the first - though Cinderella City had additional factors that led to its downfall - like subpar materials on the raised parking level that slowly eroded until the upper floor looked like something out of a nightmare - asphalt with waves like an urban ocean.   I confess, I shed a few tears when it was torn down, because I have memories beyond the "'80s Mall Rat" thing - a weekly trip there for lunch with my grandmother after her hair appointment, a seasonal job, and so on.  But since it _had_ been such a fixture in my early years, I could also see that it was time... and for the most part, I do like the changes that came with it, even if it is not as robust as Belmar.   Not fond of all the acres of parking that somehow seemed to increase with the strip malls that took over, and the apartments that went up were expensive _before_ the housing crunch, but there is a free shuttle that runs from the Light Rail to the hospital on a frequent basis and there was an effort to create a nice esthetic to the area.   Plus, I get a giggle thinking about the fast that the last extension built onto Cinderella City is still standing, even, or perhaps especially, since it did not remain the high-end department store (The Broadway).  Instead it holds the Englewood Library, a small museum (or did a few years back)... and the city offices. The icing is the trolley car on display as you come into the main entrance, complete with the sculpture of the horse that used to step onto the back of said trolley for the downhill trip.  Yes, I know it has little to do with the subject as a whole... and while I have thought of a tie-in, looking at the surviving malls (and their placements), as well as some of the areas that partially adopted the mixed use zoning that still have issues... but this is a year-old video and I've probably babbled enough for one night.
OK all you peasants, get ready to move to government highrise apartment buildings in 15-minute cities. Remember; "You will own nothing, and be happy"😂😅
Most of the US feels like infinite IKEA except it’s suburbs instead of a warehouse.
All I wanted was one bag of milk, and now i'm saddled with the legacy of generations of white supremacist development culminating in a slow-moving ecosystem apocalypse.
Im not American and i dont live there but i think  thats a great idea f or so many reasons... iv always found programs about houses interesting.
ok but why does it still exist today?
In my country we have bags of milk. They're great. Carton or plastic bottles are just impractical. #TeamBag
i like when Google remembers the third part of my multidisciplinary degree, Public Health, and serves me videos like this.  (The other 2/3 were Math and Computer Science, respectively and I get probably overserved tech news and content)
Even with a car, living in suburb is boring and inconvinient.
CulS de sac is not the plural of cul the sac. Cul de sacs is :D and you've googled it and showed it on screen. But you said culS the sac. Brother!  Man, I bet none of the 12 717 commenters before mentioned that.
While I agree with most of this: people do prefer to have their own home. In Sweden, we have the opposite problem: people want houses (80%+ want a detached house with a garden), but politicians keep on pushing for high-density apartments because it's easier to plan a single lot that fits 50 families than just drawing 50 lots. Also, building single-family housing doesn't mean sprawl. Just drop the Euclidean zoning.
Now That I'm becoming aware of all this, holy fk we use up a lot of space uselessly. Thx n take my sub.
Hulk hogan is a treasure
Bags of milk require less packaging, they're way more dense during transport because they're flexible and they don't spill you put the bag in a holder which you can reuse for a lifetime instead of throwing out the entire container every time.
high housing price, high rental cost, high HOA fee is making living in the city less affordable than living in surburbs.
I'm in a low-density area by choice, to allow for agricultural ventures... plus I have no interest in being near populated areas.  Been there, done that.  If I can see my neighbors, they're too close.
I really hate living in an apartment though. I think we should invest in trains and small towns instead!
What’s Hilarious is that I was just commenting on this dumb video where the guy basically just concludes over 8 minutes that humans care whatsoever about utility
LONG LIVE VILLA ITALIA MALL
I understand the societal benefits of everything in this video. However, I gotta say, having a single family home with your own private yard is WAY better than living in an apartment or townhome. I grew up in a town of 600 people. My parents have 5 acres of land. It’s an amazingly peaceful place to live.
Here in colombia we by milk in bags they are completly seal on all sides but still a bag
subscribed for 14:37
You can keep the walkable neighborhoods I'll stay in the woods and away from civilization lol
I wonder what all these old geezers afraid of change think how they get to literally anywhere as soon as they are unfit to ride a car. The day will come and then you are stuck in your house forever. No café, no pizza, no movie theatre, not even seeing a doctor will be possible without a major effort of outside help. The stubbornness of these people will trap them in an even worse hellscape than they already live in.
Bags of milks are better for the environment: Lower shipping costs / fuel, and reuse of more rigid, plastic- or weight-intensive containers.
There are some people that are vehemently against walkable cities. They are called obese.
These are HUMAN CITIES: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q_RnUT7rL8 just fun to live in, just REAL over centuries..... US suburbia is something else to chinas people living in modern china's towns.... just HORROR.....
Anti-social designed neighborhoods. Every house with a gigantic garage out front, like nouveau riche trash,  each house flip-flopped so the entryways are behind the garage abutment and nobody has to wave "hello" to the neighbors next door.
Families want big houses with big yards. If you ever have kids, you might understand. “Just go to the park!” Well, you don’t understand the desire to own private property. In fact, you climate people understand very little about human nature, and that’s why you will never win you see! Hahaha!
*"cities* like Minneapolis, Los Angeles and even the *state of Oregon"* it's official. Oregon is now a city.
I think the only positive side of single family house is their big yards you can plant use to grow food.
I was literally booed out of a shire community meeting for. . . raising my hand. . . . because the old people were talking about removing the local skate park because. . . kids are moving too fast. . . and they did not want anyone under 65 to have a say.
The story of you shooting pellet guns at each other as children 😮
I live in a relatively new city: Dublin, CA. Has any single family homes, but also has multi-housing units and apartments. My bank, supermarket, restaurants, coffee stores are about a mile walk away from where I live. Elementary and middle schools are walkable. The high school is about 4 miles away, but they are building one like 1.5 miles away. If you step up to a bike, literally every part of my city is reachable in reasonable time. Also, the "metro" station is less than 2 miles away.
We put the bags of milk into a reusable pitcher, so there is much less waste, I thought you were against waste, dude! You take it back!!
Even though mixed zoning is indeed better, it's not a lot of fun to have to live above a restaurant or cafe. Those places cause a lot of nuisance, not at least because of all the noise their visitors cause.
America dropped below replacement birthrate in 2008. Our population is going to peak fairly soon and we need to STOP building and focus on renovating.
Buying a bag of milk, so funny to hear that :-) Thanks sexy.
The subject matter is interesting so I want to watch but the attempts at comedy are painful that I fast forwarded at times. You don’t have to be interesting AND funny. It’s ok. Most people can’t do it. I like Not Just Bikes because he provides all the interesting information without making me sit through his comedy practice. Best of luck
Looking for a new place to live, with suburbs being isolated and big cities at the edge of decay i'm not looking for walkable urbanized suburbs in the PNW to ride out the apocalyptic climate change summers.
Illegal cohabitation is real. Multigenerational homes are a no go.
Ok but bag of milk is a super common way to buy your milk in lots of places in the world lol
How would a blind person know that he is in American suburbs without telling him he is in suburbs? By the non-stop sounds of barking dogs, lawn mowers, and the leaf blowers.
oh, its actually quite easy: -building 3 story apartment buildings instead of family homes -fix the streets and install tram :D  or use various bus routes if the terrain is not suitable
Also, are you talking about small towns also or suburbs?
Great info.  So my question is would you guys approve of infrastructure spending?  Moving traffic more efficiently?  Removing vehicle lanes in favor of bike lanes?  Thoughts on hempcrete housing (great video topic by the way)?
Go Sharks!
I almost feel like it would be better for us millennials and gen z'ers to just pick a spot out in the middle of nowhere and start anew. That way you wouldn't have to fight against what already is and it could be planned well from the beginning.
For a second (just looking at a thumbnail) I thought this was a jshlat video
How is your video about zoning informative, empowering, and way funnier than half the shit on here 😂😂😂
Uhh the suburbs were nice...way better than living in an apartment your whole life. People want a house and yards for their dogs and kids to play in. That shit is never going to change. People want to own their own property, not live next to noisy neighbors only separated by walls. I want what my parents and grandparents had...a house on property. Ideally it would be a house in a remote part of the Pacific North West near mountains, but yeah that's going to be expensive.  I'm not a city person and neither are a lot of people in the world. We don't want access to everything at our fingertips, we want privacy, to be far away from all the ads and billboards and big box stores. We are willing to drive farther away for trips a couple times a month to stock up on food and stuff, but the rest of the days we chill at home or go on meaningful camping/outdoor trips.  No I don't want to live close to a bunch of dumb stores, bars, clubs, whatever. I'd rather be looking outside at a mountain or lake or forest or waterfall or something cool like that.  You're literally describing apartments in a city...and if you have a family and pets that is going to suck. Cool if you're single and young, but cities are not meant for families.
I read somewere four floors is in many ways ideal for a house. Fits a lot of people (meaing more efficient heating, land use etc) but still a kind of human scale where you can keep an eye on the street (preventing crime) and communicating with your children playing outside even from the highest floor.
but i want more single houses i notice they never talking about walking in the middle of winter in the snow or the summer in 80+ degree weather  with no benches
14:52 its actually less plastic intensive given that milk jugs are thicker plastic - there is a special type of pitcher everyone has which fits the bag perfectly, you put it in your fridge and pour it out of the pitcher which gets washed and re-used (source: I am an American who spent a lot of time in QC and yeah it was a trip at first but I ultimately came to support bag milk)
7:12 building looks...familiar
You have forgotten that not everyone wants to live in building with thin walls to hear or smell what their neighbor is doing. Oh and until people are ready to get rid of plastic wrap and those wax covered boxes take is put in you're not really serious about it.
17:30 I went to one of these meetings for a school project and it was just like this 💀
I wouldn't mind living in an apartment IF I COULDN'T HEAR MY NEIGHBOURS SNORING AND TAP DANCING AT ALL HOURS OF THE DAY. Wood floors suck
what's also nice about mixed zoning and multi-family houses is that you can have commerce on the ground floor and living space above (or offices, usually downtown). the nearest supermarket here has like four stories of housing above it, as does the baker, butcher or travel agency. hell, the four family home i live in has a doctor's office on the ground floor and another house nearby has a small kindergarden with housing above. it's great use for the space we have and it draws necessities and housing nicely together which also means that i'm in my mid 20s and still don't have a license while being uni-educated and working across town. i can't imagine not having basic necessities like a supermarket within reasonable walking distance (max. 15 - 20 mins.), and yet these mixed areas are reasonably to very quiet because you can walk or bike most places with ease. there are more times i've wished i had a bike than times i've wished i had a car.
USA is the #17th on the freedom scale in the world.
This dramatic insistence on „we don‘t want to take away single family homes“ and „it‘s okay if you want a single family home“…  If you do want a single family home, please just ask yourself: Why?  Is it because you dislike the alternatives (and why?) or because you can‘t imagine them?
Well I rather live in a suburbs than a stupid urban city so f*** this f*****
I don't know if you noticed.....the houses weren't that bad.....There was no trees....!!!!!!!  and yes we get by using cars......ok....Where's the tree's.?....is that a car's fault?    Wanna live in Europe?    really?     are you sure?    We could learn a lot........and so could they.......No?.....then go to Europe....Bring your pocket book.....
That magic of editing joke killed me
honestly i dont mind living in a  suberb but i grow up in a small ish town in california northern region called chico.... funny thing it was a town setup and still running on a we turn off the town at 9 PM and open up at 6 to 8 am. whats really funny until after the late 2000s. everything you needed in most the town was within  a mile of were you lived. why... the wholllle damn town was mostly built out in the early 70s and whats mind blowing is even now as the town is expanding. we have  the north side becoming suberbiea and baddddly. while the southern half is a  more you can walk places if you need to and buses are a thing but as ive looked into city planning on my town and maaaaany others.... the reason. its fucking rasium... my fricking god... the suberbs where to keep rich white people away from the densly populated and poor black and minorities.... the problem isnt the fact we cant bulldose a house thats abandon and makes it into snmall store fronts. and fuck the code. houses are made so shotty these days and the code doesnt mean shit in the end. the richer you are the father from the loser people you want to be and the more you want  o be away from even though of your own "kind" yaaa that lines from a housing guild in the 70s.....antisemtic asses
I just recently moved into the suburbs and notice a lot of fat Americans people.  Fat and lazy is the pinnacle of success in suburban America.
Move to Europe if you want to live in Europe. Don't try to turn America into Europe.
You Americans forgot about Public transportation big time.
Idk I don't like apartment so I rather live in a single house hold
Over here in Sweden we face the opposite problem off too many apartments and far too few suburban houses.
There is some good to suburbs though. It has to do with rights and freedom. Apartments and the like being illegal ensures buyers of  actual land ownership, yard included. Apartments provide a low quality living experience for roughly the same amount of cash as a single family home. Everyone being so close together, the noise the repairs, the fires etc. Is land ownership overrated? Probably but Americans have been brainwashed with the whole "American Dream" thing.
What if all the new suburban homes for the last 50years had not been built if that land would have been city state or county land. How much more animal habitats trees for more oxygen and less CO2  the already developed land would be used to its most potential. Look at boulder Co
Taking my next date to a zoning meeting
LA tried to put in apartments but it got voted down and million dollar houses went In
Zoning may be classist, but not explicitly racist. Saying so is racist as you are implying minorities can’t be and are not successful enough ti have a home! I do hate the zoning problem. We have to do something about crime or no one will ever want ti live in multi family with crack heads, meth labs, and thieves next door sharing a wall. It’s a dangerous country so we stay away from the BS by expensive r1 communities
Thank you, the description has a zoning organization for my state!
may i ask what was with the random inclusion of 'One Week'
It sounds like we could solve the affordable housing crisis while simultaneously slowing the environmental crisis just by abandoning our antiquated zoning laws. BROTHER!
As a European, this video honestly blew my mind. I had no idea that THAT'S why single-family homes are so incredibly common in America. No offense, but living in the suburbs and not being able to just walk to the nearest store or...anything, honestly, seems like a nightmare.
The neighborhoods close to shops, stores and bars are where the highest amount of violent crime happens in my city so no thank you, I’ll stick to my non-environmentally friendly suburb where it’s safer.
i worked hard to buy a single family house. the last thing i want is to have a bunch of criminal trash to move into gov. subsidy housing next door. i want my family to be safe.
Hi there. Unpopular take with your kind, but suburbs are 10000000% fine.
You are wrong on US population, the suburbs are (by far) the largest portion of US population, more than 60% and growing live in suburbs, not cities, and less rural areas.
Depicting suburbs as all sprawling only is simply inaccurate. Sure, there are areas with these rules, while are many densely populated, transit friendly, walkable suburbs. For example, the four most densely populated municipalities in Illinois are suburbs, followed by Chicago at #5. The suburbs have exponentially bigger populations than the cities they surround and will likely only continue to grow.
There seems to be no consideration for the fact that millions of Americans prefer to live in single family suburban areas. Cities make single family zoning and developers build single family houses because that’s what there is huge demand for.
This is why I love living in downtown Toronto. It is one of the most "fuck the cars" place in the whole NA.
Freaking hate having to own a car.  It's so annoying and expensive.
This is why the rich live on the western side of most cities and the poor on the east,; prevailing winds. They designed everything for the richest few and send the stink downwind.
Bag of what
There are pros and cons to both types of housing, but the general sentiment that zoning restrictions need to go away is a no brainer
Dude, how do you complain about a bags of milk not stacking compared to gallon or half gallon containers that equally don't stack? If you want to stack milk you need bottles in crates or Tetra Paks.
btw in russia we do have a bag of milk, though the packaging is a bit different from the usual plastic bag lol it's pretty convenient and is cheaper than bottled milk. besides, there is a common practice among eldery people to reuse the bags from milk for sewing stuff like bascets, shopping bags and etc
Bagged milk is superior, uses less plastic, and you don't just pour it out of the bag lol, you put it in a container that you can reuse like forever. = less plastic. Of course, you're probably baiting but still. Yes bagged milk saves plastic.
These videos just make me hate this country so much. The greed the racism. It has to change
I noticed something that this video from Climate Town and a couple of videos from Not Just Bikes miss out on, and that is the increasing pace of technology and our ability to innovate; additionally, something that I have also noticed is one glaring issue that Climate Town and NJB fail to point out, and that's overcrowding of cities.   In 2019, I spent a year living in Korea as a member of the U.S. Military. When I went out to Seoul and some of the surrounding metro areas, I noticed how overcrowded and overpopulated the city was. For comparison: Seoul, South Korea's Captial City, hosts roughly 50 million people, compared to my former home state of Oregon, whose entire population is approximately less than Seoul. Not to mention the land size of South Korea as a whole is less than the State of Oregon. Granted, South Korea only offers a few alternatives in terms of public transportation and is also very car-dependent. (Editors Note: I understand this point is anecdotal at best, but I wanted to include it as a frame of reference).  I think this point is essential. Making walkable cities ignores factors such as but not limited to: Population Growth and Population Influctuation, infrastructure costs, the cost and maintenance needed to be spent on apartments and high-density living areas, the cost of making these high-density areas efficient in the first place, and objectively what is the most important the concentration of wealth generation in high-density cities that leads to less development of more rural or suburban areas.   While suburban and single-family areas might not be the most efficient to build, they serve the purpose of transitory housing.   We need fewer "Why x is destroying y" videos and more "Can we make x more efficient and cheaper than y."   I also note that I have seen many videos like this make the argument: "Let's trade one dependency for another." ( I would like to add this caveat here and say that this might not be the intended argument this video is trying to make, but it still is essential to make it.)
I fucking hate apartments, I despise living next to somebody else. My neighbor shouldn't be able to hear when my wife and I fool around. What about the people that are like me?
Link that jacket bro I want one lol
Fun Fact: if your not white and male you probably won’t just be the youngest person but also the only PoC or woman in such councils: Raise your voice!
Can't wait to go to zoning meetings in my fair city here in Texas. We can discuss ways to use mixed-housing and ge-  oh. what's that? The Governor signed a bill that strips local city government of their power to oversee real estate development?   Well, that's less than ideal.
i’m glad we can blame the middle class for americas problems
Almost perfect video. The ONLY problem with high density housing is that you often can't have a dog (big dog) who needs to run outside everyday. We need more dog parks.
congrats funny guy. you are informing and helping. do try and get a job tho; YT can't support the whole world.
walkable neighborhoods would be nice but I don't want to live on top below or directly next to my neighbors
as someone who lives in northern Virginia I am constantly frustrated when there are new homes being constructed and their starting price is 800,000 dollars and these expensive homes are being built near busy highways and freeways something has to change
“Character of the village” is still in our town’s zoning. #vermont
this just makes me so sad and im not even an american :/
"... a bag of milk."   I get it man. That shit confused me when I visited my grandpa up north.
Where did you get your data? "In the next 30 years, America's population is projected to expand by a hundred million."  "increases from 336 million people in 2023 to 373 million people in 2053." https://www.cbo.gov/publication/58612#:~:text=In%20CBO's%20projections%2C%20the%20U.S.,population%20growth%20beginning%20in%202042.
Most liberal lefty shit I've ever seen. Keep going, boy!💪
lol I literally paused the video the moment I heard bag of milk so that I could google it
This movement would work if it wasn't immediately dominated by 'corporate' interests. That's one reason there is resistance to giving up single-family zones.
You can NOT change anything. Big corporations and big money will have their way and there is just nothing you can do. Period.
YOU won't fix-up and LIVE in an OLD house like mine! Your kind PREACHES loud, but you wanna live in a $5000 a month condo! You don't wanna COOK, or do LAUNDRY, or CLEAN THE PLACE, and you DEMAND everything be with-in easy BICYCLING distance. Well, I ain't building you a hospital, and a doctor's building, and a branch bank, and Post Office, etc. And your "bicycle friendly" streets ain't car or FIRE TRUCK OR AMBULANCE FRIENDLY!!! When you set you place on fire from your POT, burn baby burn!
wait, nothing in this video on hoas? the thing that turns more people off to single family home suburbs then anything else? just because it doesn't promote your arguments against r1 zoning doesn't mean it can't be a joke made :) also... pretty sure most people in higher end suburbs would be ok with 3 or 4 story higher end apartments near them but be against lower end or even middle quality ones.  personally i just hate the homogeneous look of every 4 story apartment building in my area looking the same, being horribly over priced, and having some of the worst quality construction and safety possible. which is also the reason i hate cookie cutter R1 zoning homes. my current house is either identical to or an exact mirror of like 15 other homes in my HOA. and it is not up to code and falling apart 20 years after it was built. we used to make homes that lasted 50-100 years, now then don't even last 50 which is a huge increase of non-recyclable waste. a lot of the problems with inefficiency of detached single family homes you have [which is based on them not being insulated properly as the biggest problem? followed by our decaying infrastructure and no public transit lines and more car usage] is because of horrible construction quality and the problematic "lowest bidder contracting" and corner cutting that is the problem with every construction project in this country. a walk-able neighborhood is great, until it inevitably suffers from the same issues with its construction and maintenance as every other project. also the concrete is the most polluting part of larger construction iirc.
Suburbs rock!
Quick note: Euclid is outside Cleveland, not Chicago
I live in the suburbs and have 2 strip malls within a mile of my house and each has a bar and restaurants
Bag of milk huh?
I am perplexed at how any modern lifestyle is possible without a pickup truck to carry things. Do Europeans honestly walk home from the grocery store carrying 10 bags of groceries or pull a wagon?
I lived in New Zealand for a few years, and one of the things I miss the most was not needing to drive. I had a car, but I hardly used it. I saved money, lost weight, could go to the bar if I wanted, and actually enjoyed driving again because I was using the car to go on trips. I would explore the city just by walking, and I saw so much that I would have otherwise missed.
High density housing sounds like paying rent till you die.
I would like to remind the viewers that if you feel that you have been discriminated against based race, color, religion, national origin, familial status, disability, or additional protected status provided by state law when buying, selling, leasing, or building a home, you are protected. The Fair Housing Act was passed in 1968. Real estate professionals are NOT allowed to discriminate in this fashion. They are NOT allowed to steer you towards a certain neighborhood. If you feel that a real estate professional has broken the law please contact the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Please remember that this is 2023 not the 1950's.
I’ve lived in burbs and high density urban areas. I pick the single family housing. Packing people into sardine stacks sucks and everything is busy, noisy, and polluted.
On the one hand I really hate the prospect of tenements and boroughs and projects but on the other hand I do like the idea of having all my daily needs accessible by WALKING. I absolutely hate traffic and the idea of getting to take a nice scenic stroll everyday to pick up a few things or go meet my friends at a restaurant or take a tram to where I need to go makes me freaking DROOL. Sadly I don't live in some hyper-efficient european community that builds everything new with sustainability and quality of life in mind. I live in a dystopian hellscape where near every square mile was designed to funnel CARS into SHOPPING CENTERS and make walking or biking anywhere a legitimate danger if not just a downright physical ordeal.
Say what you will about suburbs, but they always created the best Emo kids.
that whole zone at 11:49 is nightmare fuel. which one is the house you live in? where is the exit to go the next backroom?
my dream would be to have my own ranch land, raise my own livestock, grow my own food; far enough out of the city to not have to deal with any of the pollution or noise, but close enough it’s easy enough to get to
I almost looked up bag of milk before you did but decided there's no way...
The thing that I noticed is that American single houses are much bigger than in Germany. German homes have an average size of 1470 ft²/137m² whereas in the US it is 2164ft²/ 201m²
The real crime is the wood paneling in your home. Expect a call from the 70s anytime now.
6:29 Excuse me did geese just listen to someone?!
Uytae Lee also has a video on "the missing middle" worth checking out about this.
Not a single person can be seen outside in that suburb in the intro, what a depressing looking place.
Your surbubs are destroying your economy.
Dude, I really fucking appreciate your video. Well researched, super insightful, and unexpectedly hilarious. Thank you for actually contributing something worthwhile to the world.
10:20. This is key. Single family zoning means more roads and infrastructure maintenance for fewer people, more deforestation and destruction of farmland to build houses for fewer people, and more energy consumption for fewer people too. The more is built out, the more flooding there is going to be because rainwater can't go through asphalt. More driving means worse traffic, more gasoline burned, and more road maintenance. The further away you are from basic needs such as a grocery store or emergency services like a hospital or a fire department. 11:00 is key too. All of this uses more taxpayer money for less people in contrast for more taxpayer money.
Aren't milk bags better for the environment than boxes?
bag milk is okay, but it's useless. for Canada there is no point to keep bag milk. It's okay of getting one, but there 4 bag parcel that is easy to spoil before getting to all of them. There are jugs to hold up the bags.
I love the idea of a walkable neighbourhood. I walk every day, and there are no sidewalks in my neighbourhood or businesses. But I love my dog, and I can't keep a dog in an apartment, they are much smaller, and our city has terrible public transit. It's also very dangerous to live in some areas of the city, and it's easier to just avoid those areas. So this is what we are stuck with at this point in time. But I agree with the ideas in this video. I bought a new car, because in our city, you're not considered a human being without a car, and you really can't go anywhere without one.
Her too send her
There is the expectation of having a detached family home and a lawn, no matter how small. Condos/apartments are for the elderly, the childless, singles, etc.
This is not quite correct. Suburbia COULD be much more environment friendly. First you have lots of roof space for solar. Second you COULD grow your own food on it. This would make a great difference.
Actually, « cul de sac » is french for “bag's ass” (don't ask why). Plural is “bag's asses”, which is « culs de sac ».
Climate town 😂, climate change is fake, you’re a clown.
Climate change is natural why are you whining about climate change
I feel like this is a double edged sword.  People will no longer own their home and forced into rental properties for the perpetual income of an HOA or landlord.
I'm looking at this first suburb pic you're showing and my first observation is that its a new development. ie minimal tree cover, maximum asphalt, substandard building materials and construction. It's bad. Now I'm thinking of the suburb I was last in where the average home was solidly built pre WW2, narrow streets, maximum tree cover, gardens etc. Two VASTLY different scenarios. Beneficial zoning, and involved home owners, have prevented corporate spread - targets, walmarts, starbucks etc in the latter. Quality of life must be considered. US cities are filthy, crime ridden, polluted deserts terrible for mental and physical health. Belmar functions more like a human scaled medieval village than an oppresive modern city. And that's a good thing! We need to do better.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TOTAL AVOIDANCE OF REALITY IN THIS VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! One has only to listen to the SCREAMING HERE IN TORONTO CANADA every time somebody wants to build something with multiple units in an area of single family dwellings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Woke radicals and their LIE-beral allies want to PRETEND that some mysterious and hostile force - OTHER THAN THE PREFERENCES OF VOTERS - is behind the Canadian shortage of decent rental housing at moderate prices!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I live in suburban Chicago. My husband and two young adult sons wanted to purchase a lot in town and have two tiny homes built on a 1/4 acre lot. It became impossible to zone the whole project and we ended up selling the lot and purchased a 950 square foot house instead. Our burb is walkable and close to a metro station which we love. Our former lot now has a McMansion horrible house on it. It makes us very sad that it didn’t serve a better purpose.
15:14 The intentionally mistimed edit made me literally LOL
The real solution is birth control. Everything else is kicking the can down the road. Which is a function of stupidity, ignorance, and narcissism.
High density housing has to be improved or there will be no change
The only problem I have with denser neighborhoods is having a backyard for dogs. But in that case a townhome would be a better option.  Also, the neighborhood of Orenco, OR is a good example of combatting urban sprawl
If you don't like living in the suburbs go and live in an inner-city apartment no-one is stopping you. Urban development only takes up about 2% of available land in the US. Many people like living in their own detached houses in the suburbs. You may not and you can do something about that. And, no, higher-density housing doesn't lower anything. If you desire high-density go and live in Hong Kong, Rio, Jakarta etc. and see how much environmentally unfriendly those places are. Let alone a lack of quality of life for most of the inhabitants of those places. US Suburbia is fine and many people consciously choose to live there. With improved building technologies, increasing access to renewables and EVs, your argument for high-density vs the suburbs is nothing more than ideological twaddle anyway.
It amazed me how many people are also just now discovering this awesome channel. This video specifically felt like it was meant for me to watch as an individual born and raised in Colorado and also in an industry that deals with city codes frequently. Who knew there was more to the dull 100+ pages of code I sift through!  However I will say that you being from Lakehood destroys your reputation and for that reason, I'm out 😔 (jk I am most definitely subscribing)
Wow. This sounds really cool.   I hope they do it more……somewhere else.   Yep. I’m a hypocrite.
12:00 what was bleeped out here??
18:35 They might be the ONE is they're cool with this
I hope somebody steals this sissys bike.
The bag of milk bit was pure gold.
The bad edit on "the magic of editing." Comedic genius!
Im planning on living on my Beneteau Sense 50 in my retirement. None of the subjects covered here are my concern. The boat has wind and solar power, and a fresh water maker. And its the equivalent of a 2 bd, 2 ba condo that is completely self contained. The bonus is there's no over crowding on the ocean. In fact, you may not see another human for weeks at a time.
Isn't this guy the one who recreates pool shots xD
Most of the people in my new suburban neighborhood are indian and asian.  TBH it's not like the same as the suburbs I grew up in.  People walk around all the time, people stop and talk, there's actually interaction between people and everyone is super nice.  I mean, come on you don't think kids shoot each other with bb guns in the city for fun? of course they did/do.
I live next to a freeway so i have access to the most desired american amenities
You, by existing, are emitting carbon into the air that I breathe! Please resolve this, for the good of the planet. You know what Im saying. Do it.
A bag of milk?!?! What the hell is a bag of milk? It’s so dumb. I’m sorry.
Bags are used for milk in more remote and colder areas to allow the folks that make fewer trips to the store or dairy to freeze the milk and store it for longer. The bags can compress and expand with freezing instead of bursting. At least that is what my dad used to tell me when I was a kid in Michigan.
Bags of milk are wonderful so much less waste.
"not good enough to be free" i'm subbing for that
owning your own home is the american dream, although preferably with more than 0.15 acres of land, but if developers were able to build things like small apartments or townhomes at the rate they are demanded it would lower the rent costs since more are available and there was much less legal work required to build it, which would make it a lot easier for people in their 20's who just want to have their own place and be able to afford it and can buy a house later.  also being able to walk 5 minutes to a store is very nice.  if you have to drive 5-10 minutes to the store and you forget 1 or 2 things you are probably not gonna go back because it takes more gas and it is very inconvenient.  when its a 5 minute walk to the store, if I keep forgetting 1 thing 5 times I'll just go walk back there 5 times because its easy and cheap and not stressful
Atleast you live near mountains, I have to live in a desert looking country side region that gave me a sunburn one time on my back 🥵
Hogan lover 😂
As a person from the genus Hetero, I'd like to make a comment referencing my own personal situation and how the subject of your above video surprises me so much and if it were to be the case in my life would just be really out there and crazy. Thank you
The Dork show very good
I think you might have been shot in the head one too many times when you were running around in your backyard. Since living in a single detached home vs living in a Common Place Address, commonly known as an Apartment high-rise building or blocks. There is good and bad in both designs, you just ignore some truths about Apartment living. I have lived in both, and there isn't a snowballs chance of me ever wanting to live in an Apartment again. The noise, bad tenants, squatters, non-stop police arrival due to domestics, fires due to carelessness, trash, vandalism. You have zero control over who you're living with. Sorry if you like it, be my guest but having your own property and home nothing can compare.
Take a chance on a zoning meeting being a first date. Rally sets the tone for how serious you are…”Oh, she is zoning meeting smart.” 😂
I like how you made it longer lol
It is almost impossible that you could go blind from shooting each other with a bb gun  At least, **fully** blind
ouch, the screeching flute killed my ears...some ppl wear headphones....FUCK
Looks like you were in Candelas. If I'm right and you know where that is then you know it's a TERRIBLE place to be building
You know, I've seen so many young professional youtubers say that single family zoning is racist yet none of them live in super diverse areas themselves. Curious.
as bad as the suburbs are i find suburbanites worse
Whoa. Amazing video. Thank you.  I hope to join a zoning meeting. Haha maybe I will one day bring a date to a zoning meeting 😂
I live in a working class suburb with access to everything close to me and public transportation as well. But it’s still single family homes mostly. After decades in a big city, I was glad to leave. I have no desire to return to crime, filth and almost constant noise and crowds. It sucks.
#savesoil
Here in Brazil we don't have only bags of milk, but also of yogurt. The funny part is that you can buy a separated bottle to put the bags inside so it can stand and be used normally...
Bruh this video fucks so hard omg ❤
No thanks
Those zoning laws save the country. Sorry, but you don't get to fill the country with your dirty crime riddled cities. Stop letting the third world pour into the country and population won't be a problem, but you'll never consider that because you're a braindead leftist.
Tbh the suburb problem is caused by the urban problem. The city is expensive and/or unsafe. Plus not all suburbs are barren communities. The suburb i live in has a lot of amenities thats walkable and is 15 min from downtown.  In fact a lot of my friends who live in the city like coming to my town to hang out. You just have to pick the right suburb at the right time. I've seen suburbs where it is just neighborhoods, meaning they have to go grocery shopping in a different suburb because their's is just as barren as a hood in the city.
There needs to be some forward thinking about the problem.  Having more living options would be great but it could also lead to more exploitation.  Condo's and apartments corporations own to rent to you for life.  People like the detached home since it more solidifies having that generational wealth.  Better connections from the suburbs to cities other than a highway would be helpful.
I bought a house because i didn't want to pay rent for the rest off my life.  House is paid off, and now i just get to pay property taxes for the rest of my life!!
Apartments as they stand now are a scam that keep the poor in debt. Homes are needed and are nice.
you know ive been alive long enough to realize that pretty much everything we do as humans is detrimental to either ourselves or the planet and usually both. makes me wonder if we are collectively all really that fucking stupid or if there is some really evil shit going on.
that would be the best 1st date ever, because even if the date itself were a total bust, at least I'd know I hadn't wasted my time since I'd be making a difference lol
GFY!! We like our suburbia lifestyle.
Born and raised in San Jose, I can confirm the city is honestly just one giant suburb.
I really like this channel! <3
Ah, we all love capitalism now don't we?!
Good Schools are a key! Reason people move to suburbs and away from public city schools
“Second lowest belt in taekwondo…. So watch yourself 😂”. That killed me. I hope you put that on your business cards.
Climate change, fuck, its directly causing a great many of the issues that prevent young people from owning a home and being anything but desperately poor. Maslov's hierarchy of needs.
"Euclid [Ohio] wanted to keep Chicago's factories from expanding towards them."  All right, then.
the magi  magic of edditing got me XD
Don't forget that people fight to keep things the same
Problem is, big money will always be the first to the feeding trough and expoit in unimaginable ways......  In the bedroom community I  live in, they've done this by stacking suburban multil-family into the same inconvenient culs-de-sac.  Effectively quadrupling ttheir profits with same mess and inconvenient.  Real estate is nothing more than a hedge fund racket and not meant to be an affordable means to possess a dwelling.
This guy is such a sheep lol
14:40 chuckles in Wisconsin  Bagged milk does stack, really nicely actually. In milk crates, which are nearly 100% reused  And the bags themselves use like a tenth of the plastic a jug does.  WI bagged milk is properly measured in freedom units too.
Been in a sururb for most of my life and I hate it even more now as a kid. Since my cousins and I were born in the city, moving to the suburbs as children was mostly a drag. Most places weren’t walkable, but we were lucky to find a neighborhood that had sidewalks. That and we took trips to the woods and rode bikes or scooters to a mini market. Nowadays, there’s more construction near our neighborhood and it’s clear cut fields and single-family house with that boring-ass minimalistic design. More SUVs, minivans, and helicopter parents. All while the working class and young people who want something better get fucked over.  It also makes the cost of living in my town even more expensive and it doesn’t help when you wanna move out and have no one else but yourself to trust in.
Is this rollie? From the pool videos?
I both laughed and learned! Thanks for making me into a sign that your mom buys at home goods.
Car debt at an all time high in the US could definitely use more walkable cities
Rollie, what books would you recommend reading to become more educated on zoning, origins of suburbia, and creating great cities??
Every time I think of the suburbs, urban sprawl and terrible zoning, I think of that song "Little Boxes"
14:30 I think it's funny that you're complaining about a more climate friendly option to store and buy milk. You put it in a jug after you buy it.
bump
You guy are completely correct about the suburbs. Instead of doing anything silly, like what you suggest, I suggest we take all the high crime minorities and send them someplace else, like Liberia. If they dont go when we politely ask them, then the next time we do, it won't be as polite. White flight is real, time to grow some balls and really solve the problem.
This was the first video of yours I have seen, it was great - and super entertaining, I lost count of the amount of times I laughed.
14:01 what is a bag of milk? You being funny? Like a sack of rocks??
I really don’t understand why anyone would prefer to not have small businesses, coffe shops, restaurants, mini markets nearby
NIMBY is the cause of alot of US cities problems.
The Recorder was made as a troll instrument.
It's genocidal.  Our landscape is genocidal.
No one wants to live in shitty ass shared buildings
Is this neighborhood in the beginning between Boulder and Golden, Colorado? lol
To bring down carbon emission you should consider different building techniques for more sustainable housing and better insulation too…
The fact that this guy thinks a bag of milk is a stupid idea (even though the concept is used by millions or billions of people outside of the USA)  illustrates everything wrong with America and why we have the soul crushing zoning in the first place. When something is practical, sensible, uses less material, accommodates for different sizes, uses less space, requires less space for disposal, and is more affordable for a large number of people what is his knee-jerk reaction? NOPE we can't have any of those things. Alas, stuck with something large, wasteful, and bad for the environment.
Climate joke 😂
Awesome video
fantastic video lots of work and research… Personally I've always hated the USA its ugly and sterile their cities  are not even made for people there just made for cars.… There's nothing to be proud of it's an ugly wasteful nation.  Europe on the other hand so much of it you can see people walk ride bicycles their cities are made for people they look good and they function.  What went wrong because the United States is the exact opposite.  It's really grotesque in comparison.  And the people will suffer for it
He is right. The only way to fix the overly restrictive zoning is to get involved. Artificial scarcity is one of the main drivers of rediculous housing costs. More units would be built if we were allowed to.  I would think there would be enough young people to swamp zoning meetings, but I never see it.
In Ontario and Quebec you can get bagged milk cuz it's cheaper when you buy in bulk. However, humans shouldn't drink so much milk so I avoid buying milk at all.
As someone that lives in Denver as well, I applaud the amount of time you took to drive from Denver, to the Jefferson County Municipal Courts, and the other shots in our beautiful state. A shame so much of it is suburbs.
This is a huge issue in Australia as well, most towns have near zero high density housing with the only thing being flats - aka single level apartments. Bad zoning has lead to small blocks of urban land costing more then a entire house! Meanwhile almost all new developments are low density suburbs outside the town radius with no public transport, work, schools or shops - and are often on floodplains or poor quality land. Meanwhile the 'walkable houses' are single dwelling heritage homes. This makes the only afforable homes large single dwellings 50 year old homes that are outside the 15 minute walk - but within 15 minutes of services like shops, schools, public transport. As a single person my only choice was tiny old apartments in bad neighbourhoods or a older house that was too big for my current needs - but had public transport, work, a supermaket and was 'safe' from natural disasters. I found it deeply annoying that the land my house came with could easily fit a second home - yet was cheaper then buying a identical house that had already built a second home in the backyard.
So glad I found this channel!
Why a bag of milk? In Russia it is, because it's usually *frozen*!
I liked for the bag of milk comment
we don't have this problem in AUSTRALIA
city is big gross, more roads please. id rather have roads everywhere that dont even connect then ever see a sidewalk again
I am already aware of most of the points in all your videos, but I watch for the editing.  Pure gold.
"Way back in the 1800's, also know as Sepia Times..." lol
I stumbled upon commie climate propaganda again.
Just a correction/nitpick... Euclid did not want to be swallowed by Cleveland's sprawl, not Chicago's (/nitpick). Otherwise keep the good work.
And now Euclid Ohio’s population is 62% of African Descent
The lower mainland in BC is building more walkable neighbourhoods, but we need more effective transit to be built along with it.
It takes 2FUCKING HOURS TO GET TO downtown, WHY buss suck ass on the U.S? Why do I have to drive 10 minutes just to get fuckinf milk, why is so dangerous use a bicycle in this stupid country? Oh bag of milk are common on my country, since they are extremely fresh (like, literally they were milk the same day)
I think it's interesting how racism is literally why every shitty thing in America exists. As an immigrant, it dawned on me that American "culture" is literally the most shitty depressing existence I can fathom, but I was not sure why until I studied a shit ton of psychology, sociology, anthropology, along with all other relevant topics to a lesser degree specifically to find the answer. The main link or culprit with almost every issue I looked at, was racism. Its so pervasive I believe white people are more negatively impacted than black people only because black culture did not have to compromises to make racism work though ofcourse they were certainly effected during its height in the physical sense. The very perception of the average person in the US is completely tainted in many forms, you don't even have to be a racist to basically think in a way that effectively supports it. Just like with supporting suburbanisation, a lot of non racist people are so terrified to set foot in the city without coping an atitude or keeping their hand on the postol in their pocket that shit actually pops off and then they end up on the news as that shitty racist that shot some poor black kid. People are on edge looking for enemies and they feel almost naked when they leave their car and half to walk a block to where they are going you can see the anxiety in their faces as easily as if the very feeling was an object of its own lol. Equally rediculous is certain black people will bump gangster music on their phone and talk loudly as fuck all while eagerly checking if anyone is annoyed by them like to see if people are phased, or they'll wear a mask and try to get in your way in an alley just to see if you'd panick like some idiot. I ignored it for a while but now I feel like I have to remind them like "this is how you'll get yourself merked kid," cuz thats probably how it happens lol. They think they are funny or brave but then they come up on a paranoid person and bang they are facedown ass up no head brains all over the alley.
There's a lot to unpack here.  All I know is that in our 'carcentric' single-house-minded country, (white, affluent) government officials overlook the importance of better city planning that INCLUDES decent public transportation for minorities, blue-collar workers, low-income folks who need it.  Not everyone can afford a car (duh).  And yes, this also means having more 'sidewalks.'    When housing, fuel and utilities get expensive AND the minimum wage is well... 'minimal,' you have a situation like the one happening right now - post-pandemic.  People are migrating from one state to another to find more affordable housing and better employment opportunities.  Yes, we need more walkable areas with GREEN space for everyone to enjoy (not just people with kids -- society is changing all the time but the mindset is still stuck in another time) and gather.   Local governments need to encourage conscientious business owners to help communities thrive with a view towards the future.    Greed does not solve problems, it creates them.  Thank you for this great video - I learned a lot.
You communists are not taking my car and home so I can live in an apartment with no land next to some blue hair Starbucks gay!
This guy constantly spews out lies
They aren’t bleeding America dry. Cities are becoming more and more dangerous as they are basically run by criminals. The suburbs are much safer and provide a much higher quality of life
This video is long and doesn’t have very dense information. I couldn’t get past the first couple minutes. I prefer the formats of City Beautiful or Not Just Bikes. Appreciate some attention to the topic here though.
Everyone wants to immigrate to US or Canada because of your cities and houses. Pls immigrate to shitty European or Asian Cities if anyone loves to walk
You bastard, bagged milk is better for the environment, isn't that like your thing? It means you aren't using un-recyclable large plastic jugs and are instead using reusable glass drugs.
I  hope you walk alone in south chicago at night  and show us how it's done my man
@RareEarth vibes... i mean this as a compliment
A run-down of all the shit takes in the comments...  1: "Urban Areas Have More Crime!" Europe, Japan, etc has higher density and lower crime rates than the States. Nor is living in a Single Family house mean you won't engage in Criminality. 2: "People have the Freedom to Choose!" The Video explained why R-1 Zoning MANDATES Single Family housing make up the bulk of the Stock. Also he did not propose a ban on Single Family Housing. 3: "Cars are part of American Culture" So was drinking 10 litres of Pure Alcohol each year and Slavery. Appeal to Tradition Fallacy. 4: "People want to Live in Suburbs" This is a self-fulfilling prophecy sort of thing. People in the US have been Sold on the idea of Single Family Suburbs for decades by various strata of ads and some people think that since I was raised on X, X is the best. Now this narrative is facing serious challenge as the problems of Single Family Suburbs get more acute. That some people are used to what they grew up in does not meant that it's good. But even in the 1950s there was criticism of these developments (see "Little Boxes"). 5: "Waffle about Communists" Red Scare Nonsense and Argument ad Hominem. When right wingers begin to throw out Communist as a slur against the opponents that's a sign that they don't have any real arguments. 6: "Cities are Dirty" Suburbs can be dirty as well. 7: "Space and Privacy" the flip-side of that is isolation. At the same time Home Owner's Associations can be on your ass all the time for forgetting to mow your lawn. 8: "Driving makes you free!" And it means you need to buy a car, spend money on gas and maintenance and tires, pay for insurance, etc to function. In really spread places with endless suburbs, a good chunk of your time will be spent driving from points A to B. 9: "Racist BS"...well it's Racist BS. Unless you're an actual Racist you know why it's wrong.
Great now people wanna live closer to the places where you buy shit
Oh no. Homes. With space & privacy. The horror.
Here in Canada our milk comes in bags.  It's pretty convenient.
TBH the JCPenny bit is maybe my favorite thing from any video ever, I have watched this video dozens of times for that one joke
As an American, I'm excited to go to Europe (eventually) and see what all the fuss is about.
We could just stop importing disgusting  numbers of immigrants into our country that could solve the problem climate change is not real the Earth is always in a constant state of change😂
Do I have permission from climateclown to like the suburbs? I need social approval!!
I need to be told what to like that's why I watch " Climateclown"
Maybe instead of trash talking suburbs we should fix up our legacy walkable cities like Philadelphia, Chicago, Baltimore & Buffalo.
I don’t care.
I  literally can see my neighborhood on one of the maps in 12:46 and I am not surprised at all it is in a red-zone :(
It’s amazing how liberals want everyone to live in the disgusting inner cities that are swollen with crime, homeless, garbage, and bad roads.
Hah I used to live near Belmar go figure. I remember yelling at those geese crossing the road interrupting my commute although admittedly it may not have been those exact geese.
I own a semi-detached townhouse with a big garden and I'm 15 mins by bicycle from the city centre, a 10-mins walk from 5 different supermarkets and A LOT of other kinds of small shops and big stores, 5 mins from two huge parks, gyms, a multiplex, public offices of all kinds, postal service, several banks, theatres, dozens of restaurants and bars, you name it. Not to mention efficient public trasports (trains, tramways, buses). I never need to drive a car. And no, I'm not rich. Far from it. But I'm debt-free... 👍 I would never, ever exchange all this for a life in the American suburbs. Just... nope.
100 millions in 30 years? I don't think so... The fertility rate is not that high in the US.
Speaking of zoning for the purpose of keeping the sewers away from the people, the elementary school I went to was/is directly adjacent to the city sewer.
A bag of milk is less waste and you decant it into a proper container.
🎉 very good video.   Entertaining and very educational,  great job, and brutally honest. .      Did I mention funny and witty af? 😂
People against suburbs always bring up the transportation and the lack of public transportation. You ever think that majority DONT want to use public transportation. It has been viewed as where thugs and homelss and ghetto people use and they do not want to mix in with that.
in California, the governor Newsome eliminated single family zoning. Now low income high density housing is popping up in the middle of perfect quiet affluent (rich) suburbs. So you can imagine the backlash when people living in million dollar homes in the suburbs with groomed front yards and pools in their backyards now live among the poor, previously homeless, on section E housing, thugs and felons. For those who live in states that dont have leaders like the ones in California, be glad. Don't ever allow zoning change
welp after living and growing up in a non restricted neighborhood where my parents have over an acre of land I will be buying a house in the suburbs with my girlfriend. I really don't see myself living in one of these neighborhoods all my live
Anyone else involuntarily flinch at 6:44 when the bicyclist rides into the cable car tracks?
Our population is not exploding. It's going the other way.
This dude's awesome.
This must be such a lonely and awful life. Imagine you are like 11-15 yo and don’t have older friend and your parents are always busy…..the feel of being stuck must be tangible. In Europe kids are independently moving anywhere at very early age and it’s awesome!
I prefer my white suburb. Sorry, not sorry.
Colorado should be shamed not celebrated. Some of the worst urban sprawl in the USA. My hometown Loveland Colorado has exactly ZERO public urban spaces.
Get your ass on a bike if you're a kid. I love being in the burbs. Away from high crime, mostly. I don't want a shithole housing development in my neighborhood.
I didn’t realize until watching this how odd my little town is. The main home area is a mix of apartments, duplexes, townhomes, and single family homes, all right by each other. It’s all focused around a small lake park, and it’s very walkable (though I’d prefer fewer cars or better crosswalks still - it’s definitely not the best design there)
bag of milk is climate destruction even in a carton or box.... animal agriculture destroys the climate for GHGs and land use
I enjoy this series.. there's just too many people
Bags of milk have been around here in Quebec for as long as I live and I'm over 40. I do think they are more convenient. You just put the bag in a pitcher and that's it. Our milk is also way higher quality and that was one of the big point of contention in free trade agreement. Not wanting garbage American milk which is so bad many countries ban it. The best cheese cannot be American ones because the milk is shit, every dairy products in the US are hot garbage.  So if you want to taste what milk should be like, get it from a plastic bag... it doesn't exist in the US. Milk in the US is something you probably should avoid drinking.
Belmar! I'm in Denver, loved that area.
Having lived on a Euclid Ave in Ohio, I find this informative and depressing. Informapressing?
If that auburn is in southern Provo, I’ve dope dashed over there lmao it’s suburban HELL which is so sad because Utah geographically should be gorgeous
Oohh good’ol Ew-clid. Good times.
This is an excellent and thorough discussion. Don't mind me weeping over here in NIMBY-town Boulder, CO 😅😭
When you're watching a video about the soul-crushing, depressive suburban housing our country has become infested with and he's explaining all this standing in your neighborhood in the Denver Suburbs.  😭😭😭  Seriously I saw my neighbor down the street's house. This must be how those animals on national geographic feel when some dude in a British accent is standing in front of them saying how the population of some poor destitute creature is doomed. 😐  FML
... did I hear this man correctly say "buy a BAG of milk" ? 🤔 Are Canadians drinking milk from bags?
Can't believe the only reason why people want to deregulate the market is just to become bugman the horror of this people believing they are right sometimes is ashtoning.
Some other people in these comments have covered a few advantages of bagged milk, but one I haven't seen is that bagged milk stays fresher for longer. Milk starts going off much faster as soon as you open the container. Bagged milk comes in a quantity of 4 L (~1 gallon) distributed across 3 bags. So, you open 1.33 L of milk, which will last you a few days, while the rest stays nicely sealed and fresher till you need it.
My bf is American living in the suburbs and I’m from Norway. Whenever I visit him I’m baffled that we need to jump in the car to get groceries. First time I was suppose to visit he said he would be at work one day I’m there and I said «well that’s fine I’ll just take a walk to the mall» he laughed so hard🥲 I’m so happy I have 3 grocery stores walking distance from where I live lol and nearest mall is 20min away by walking😅
Fun fact malls we're originally intended to be mixed use walkable zones. So using an out of business mall for this is very effective and appropriate
How about a can of Doritos? That OK with you?
Chesterfield Missouri is building apartments, Condos, Town homes, Office Space, and restaurants in they're center part surrounding the pond in the middle called Wild Horse Village 🐎.
I suggest we severely curtail immigration as an alternative to moving into high density urban housing pods.
I feel like seeing that segment you did showing Belmar in Lakewood Colorado, would convince anybody. Holy crap I didn't know stuff like that existed.
I don’t get why so much single family zoning when more and more people are not having kids. All I see is investors buying up properties for speculation and a lot of them sit empty for a good while. Whereas I make good money but all we can get is a 1 bed condo for my family.
Suburbs housing are good only for the banks which sold them. For them, is more profitable to get a $100K+ from a duo for a house, than not to get it from a duo who chosed to rent an apartment for $600 a month.   In Europe, suburbs feels more like a place made only for rich and big families, because for other categories of people to it's not efficient to live in them.
omg those houses are amazing they're like actual mansions not mcmansions seriously it's 2500 a month for a393 sq foot shoebox with no stove built in 1922 in LA one of those massive palaces would be 3 million minimum i wish i could afford to live in a suburb. wait did i miss the point
Poland’s LGBTQ Free Zones 1909 styled 🇺🇸 bigotry! #EqualityActNow at the Federal Level not this patchwork style so the bigots can just remove a patch!
soviet block style as part of social housing, with solar panels and small wind mills on the roof + water collector for rain water for use, energy efficient +keeping the rent to a acceptable standart, makes it possible to have everything in walking distance and it allows for room for green
And you can’t build a small house in the suburbs if you want to. Zoning in my suburb requires that your house be a certain (very large) square footage. If you want a small house (say, 800 square feet), you are out of luck.
We want a social zone… “  A Third Place’ “
Not one, not three, but TWO grocery stores!?🤯
This guy is dumb
i got your video on youtube recommended; great video, Climate Town!  by: mico laurente ⭐.
Surveys have shown that  milk now feels more comfortable being stored in bags. (Safe spaces, more homey, less emotional trauma.)
This guy speaks everything I've been knowing and thinking (quietly, cuz nobody at the club, at work, at the gym, at the store seems to care about this [car dependency]) for a long time. Glad I'm finding more and more like minded people here on YouTube.   Pessimmist in me says it will never change because America is essentially owned and controlled by multi-national corporations via crony capitalism. The weight loss industry is a billion dollar enterprise. The drug industry have you watched TV with commercials lately? They don't want us healthy? They don't want us riding bikes that don't require ga$.
Keep an eye on Lakewood . Unfortunately have developments like Solterra and the upcoming Rooney Ranch project. Looks like you started out in Highlands Ranch .
I agree with you. Thank you for getting the word out on this important topic.
At 13:04 you have a picture of the Texas Medical Center in Houston and refer to that as being a part of this issue with restrictions on high rises in cities. But in the last 10-15 years dozens of towers have been built literally everywhere across the city. So, what's up with that? You said Houston only had the bad part of zoning, but they have residential towers everywhere (at prices no average homeowner could ever hope to afford, however).  PS: we have TONS of walkable neighborhoods inside the inner loop, and they're ALL unaffordable.
ROFLMAO!!! I was so ready to call you out if you didn't mention "bag of milk"
Go to a zoning meeting and you'll learn the Parks and Recreation was a documentary, not a sitcom
7:02 are you fckin' srs? (one of) the official reasoning behind such a stupid law can be tracked down to an old grumpy guy not liking people to party? XDDD (ok, in this particular instance that guy was racist on top; but, meh, watev ;p) ..and that escalated pretty damn quickly into a world wide climate crises.. welp, quite a huge chunk of it, at least.  god damn it! let people have their fun!
Your entire drip is grown-up Stan from South Park.
Rather than write a whole paragraph or 12 I’ll just say this. You’ve obviously been brainwashed in liberal arts. You want to save the world but you have no idea how the world you live in got to where it is now and the future is going to get to where it’s going to be. I think I’m near the end and you just mentioned giving people the option… everyone has the option… So then shut up… lol… idiot. But there you go I just contributed to your YouTube channel… You’re welcome. This should help you purchase the next new battery powered object that will end up being shipped to a Third World country when you want the next one and a six year old (most likely African or Indian… (so now you’re contributing in the killing of less fortunate “people of color”)…Racist )will die taking it apart getting rid of our country’s hazardous materials… “secretly”” safely“… lol…
Cul-de-sac is French for “end of the bag” making “de sac” a descriptor. The “end” is the noun, so the plural is “culs-de-sac.” 😊  That said, you’ll also hear the French call it “une impasse.”
My 4L bag(s) of milk use WAY less plastic than your gallon jug of milk.
These selfish capitalists Baby Boomers screwed us over.   And they are very stubbern.
I split time between BK and suburban CO, every place I stay and multiple family dwellings have appear in pretty much every Climate Town on background. I don't really have a choice with this perfect context Rollie, fine, I'll join your Patreon, real subtle pal. Just making sure, it's just me right? Rollie is not somehow a wizard and actually everyone is seeing their neighborhoods on location in every video?
But WAIT! I thought florida and Texas said there wasnt system systemic racism in Americas history! 🫢
Really great video thanks for making it!
That's such a nice coat.
Every facet of US history is linked to white trash and racism against marginalized people, it's so embarrassing and shameful. It's a horrible culture and country with mediocre zoning paradigms.
Bagging milk is actually pretty efficient (I'm Canadian so I have a bias here I will admit), it uses less plastic than cartons, which are a material that can't be recycled, it also stacks just fine, much like a sandbag, and since it's sealed, there's no spillage, you buy them is bigger bags each with 3 bags of milk in them, and then you take out one, put it in a container, cut the corner for pouring, and then lay the rest of the bag flat. It's cheaper and uses less material, and though it can't be recycled, much like just about any plastic, neither can cartons, which will definitely spill if you lay them flat after opening them. People hear "bagged milk" and immidiately reject it, but it's actually pretty good if you have an open mind.
I lived in the city for ten years an in the suburbs for ten. I'll never move back to the city as it is too noisy, sleep sucks and crime was much higher.
We can change our world for the good, with the help of Not Just Bikes and Burt Reynolds 531…
It's funny how by getting rid of "Villa Italia" that place got more similar to actual Italy.
What's bleeding America dry is the same moronic, genocidal ideology that bled Europe dry - socialism.
If most cities are already too spread out, how do we get people closer together without destroying the existing infrastructure? It's impossible!
Since culs-de-sac is a french word the s is silent so the word pronuciation does not change
I would love to live in a condo but i don’t want to hear drunk people partying in the hallway or listening to shitty dogs barking so all night.
i prefer single family zoned houses because i need a backyard for my dogs to run around and i don't want neighbors living right on the other side of my wall. i prefer to be loud and not have complaints.
It’s either suburbs or being a neo slave living in an expensive storage unit at the base of the elites ivory towers.   No thanks, I’ll take the burbs.
I'm not from the US, so what do I know. But this strikes a similarity to me. Something about the "American spirit" is really about the conflict between "things should stay as they are - you can't even be allowed to choose something else" and "being allowed to choose would be so nice and helpful". It's the same with guns, with birth control, and now I learn about this R1 thing. What's going on with this culture
Marxist pig don't worry about people in the suburbs none of your business. Focus on 100,000,000 diseased illegal aliens and 1,000,000's of Americans on welfare and food stamps none pay taxes live off people in the suburbs; China buying 10's of millions of acres of farmland & real estate many around U.S. military bases; Federal gov't owning more land than Americans; Marxist trash billionaires buying 10's of millions of acres of land; Foreign enemy combatants owning more land than Americans. Stay in your lane don't cross boundaries you know nothing about!
People want a detached home with their own backyard and a quiet suburban neighborhood where their kids can play outside their homes. Not your climate hoax utopia.
Once our municipality realized how much money they could make by allowing for mixed housing it has been the hugest construction boom ever since. New families are moving in from the more expensive city and there number of public parks and facilities has skyrocketed. They've also been able to keep the tax rate lower than most other municipalities in the area.
Add that the typical McMansion has 1000+ sq. feet per occupant, and a 2 car garage. All of it heated, and cooled in a lot of areas. Short lived asphalt roofing that needs to be replaced every dozen years. The size and density of road and roofs, creates "heat islands" that are far hotter than the fields or woods they replaced. Modern lot sizes ensure no mature, shade-giving/ wind blocking trees will ever exist. They are an energy producer's wet dream.
You look like my freshman English teacher
In Quebec bags of milk are common. They come in three packs (which are stored in an even larger bag) and you have to use a milk pitcher thingy for them. Then you cut the top corner and it won't spill everywhere.
As an Irishman, not having a pub within walkable distance would be a problem (it is in rural Ireland)  because drink-driving is a major social and lawful no-no here.
Bagged Milk = Less waste and greater density in shipping containers.
"Bag of milk" got me too.  They tried this b.s. in elementary school.  In...1988ish?  It was a pint of milk in a clear plastic bag.  You stabbed a straw through it.  Not like CapriSun.  Just a  bag.  Ya.  Give hundreds of 10 year olds bags of chocolate milk and pointy straws.
What’s the solution to living more efficiently if you have kids or like gardening? It feels like if you want both, you need to live in the suburbs.
up you
Super weird seeing someone on YouTube hang out in places so close to where I live. New to this channel by the way, this is a great video.
15:13 - I loved this editing joke.
Bags of milk is way better then plastic jugs. You put the bag in a reusable container, and it pours right from the bag. Honestly climate town plastic jugs? That way more plastic then a bag
Disliked not because i agree but because the jokes were bad 👍
okay I think im stupid...But dont all buildings leak heat from all 4 sides?
If you are single and young 3-5 stores apartment buildings are the best. But soviet ghettos are sh@t. Also , if you older and have family even in Europe almost anyone who considers themselves a middle class moves to the houses. By they can have brick and mortar stores, basic amenities and small public park or pond.
Bag of milk DOES stack... just in a pyramid of milk bags instead of a single file
Hello from Europe. I would love to live in any of the places you've shown in this video. I see no problems with any of them? They look nice too. If you claim it takes so long to get to a store I'll just take a longer walk or simply get a car? I'm not getting any of your points.
Rush had it right.
Dropping zoning needs to be done right.  I have seen far to many walkable single family neighbors that are mostly heritage and affordable houses demolished and replaced with miles and miles of “mixed use” developments which mostly consist of high end businesses and apartments with rents out of reach of the majority of middle class families.  A balance needs to be struck with zoning laws.
A bag of milk has less non recyclable packaging, in Germany we have "Hofläden" means farm shops where you can buy such things or bring your own glasbottle.  This video answers a question I never knew that I had. In movies or serials there were only suburbs, "skyscrapers" or this old "red brick" townhouses. In Germany, where I live, are a lot of medium sized houses, between 3 and 8 stories with small bakeries or shops like laundrys, fast food, etc, all the things you can´t or won´t buy online. There are often doctors, dentists or other health-care things there. We have our own rules of "zoning" but I think we have more options and I think we would never build big suburbs without a small shop or bakery, that´s idiotic.
Informative and much funnier than expected
people got to build somewhere. cant cramp them all into cities. change the zoning laws. build towns not suburbs. shouldnt have to commute for work or food.
Are you based in Golden? You are the only YouTuber I watch that I could hit with a rock from my balcony, not that I would, but I could
Please don't talk down to your viewers.   This isn't grade 6 social science class. And what's with the mean,  loud wrestler clips?
Subscribed william nilliam.
https://youtu.be/eiPIvH49X-E  There has been no increase in wildfires, droughts, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, and hail storm.... there is no such thing as a "Climate Crisis". Open the door, walk outside and breathe deep, than take a kid fishing, the world is okay.
8:03 "Euclid wanted to keep Chicago's factories from expanding toward them and changing the 'character of the village' and ultimately the Supreme Court agreed."  Either y'all meant to say "Cleveland" here or Chicago is vastly larger than any other city on earth.
BS.  This is propaganda to promote 15min cities.  GTFOH
Sounds great. Where do I sign up for my overpriced sardine can stuffed on top of other sardine cans filled with shit heads i dont want to deal with, in a crime infested sardine can grid where the only escape is by government run transportation.
Oh this is nbd to be honest, we're never going to build any kind of housing here in America ever again anyway.
Yeah cities are great,clean,safe,friendly.and importing third world poverty doesn't cost us a dime.
Hot take, cramming people into big apartment building and highrises and townhouse is an absolutely shit idea...all it does is make developers rich, increase crime, increase poverty, and keep people from actually advancing their equity as you'll just be pissing it away on a place you have no rights to..
I couldn't afford a single place to live in this video. Until ppl like me can, ppl like me just don't care.
I just know all the American viewers hearing “buying a bag of milk” just lost their minds.
If you could buy your apartment in a building i think id change my mind. Most people are attached to buying, American dream and all, kinda shit when everyone does it though. I hate suburbs, they’re so terrible. I always ask what our environment does to our subconscious, suburbs are like an infinite maze. With ebikes, i think a lot of this is gunna change though
If you get a delicious bag of milk from the Kwik Trip, you'll get the pitcher for free. Much greener than a barely-DOWNcycleable plastic jug each time. Really missed it after I moved to Colorado.
Oh god another pinko that wants you to have less so he can have more
These climate freaks want to shove us in cages
Growing up in the suburbs is like living on an island where you need a boat to go anywhere if you cant drive.
In Toronto, we often by our milk in bags.  Yes.  LOL
Is there a name for that intro riff? Sounds good and like I’ve heard it somewhere before
What argument should I use against people who feel like increasing high-density housing that people like will cause the value of their detached single-family house to stagnate from better alternatives and a lack of housing scarcity?  I feel like there's a lot of folks who abstractly want the world to be better, but not at the cost of devaluing their imagined selling of their house.
While much/all of this is true, looking at the happiness scales, quality of life, crime rates, and cleanliness (in the US) helps us understand how important it is to not live on top of each other.  This doesn’t include problems with traffic, declining morality (if you ask suburbana) and pandemic related issues.  Studies have shown that humanity didn’t evolve for the metro but the village. Socially, it is imperative that we move away from large cities and into smaller neighborhoods.
politicians needs to watch these
American bathrooms/ rest rooms are bigger than japanese bedrooms...
go o japan and live there for a month before quoting its housing as example please
Y'know the reason they sell milk in bags is because it's waaaaaaaaay less wasteful right? Like they don't keep it in their fridge in a bag, you take it home and empty it into a reusable jug. They desperately tried to introduce it here in the UK but it unfortunately didn't take so we're stuck with incredibly wasteful, often non-recyclable cartons now
I live in a big house in the suburbs. I’ve got 2 electric cars and I want privacy.   You people that live on top of each other are crazy. Do you not realize just how many people are unwell, mentally? I’d prefer not to live where they can harm me. Take a walk through most cities these days
Tell me your selling me and agenda rather than good information
5:50 3x is so funny lmao. That's like how normal people like us think :D
15:46 IM Eric Rosen turns out to be a skateboarding delinquent
Just another liberal nutcase
Bag of milk is actually cheaper and u can buy a cheap bag-o-milk-holder so its as practical as box or bottle
I agree with the idea of this video, but it’s too pretentious for me to continue watching anymore videos on this channel.
❤
12:02 As a rickshaw drive I'm offended by your attitude towards us.
Well that's because most people don't want to live in f***ing pods
Funny too
Nice work
We need Elon Musk to build more tunnel boring machines. We could bore tunnels everywhere, build cities underground and live like mole people 🐁
Bags of milk are very common over the world. They produce less waste and emission than plastic jugs, are more easily recyclable than cartons (which need to have a plastic coat on the inside to make it impermeable) and are cheaper than both (or is it either?).
Me, a non-native speaker, thinking that a "bag" of milk was slang, not an actual bag.
Best channel on YouTube!
I just want to ride my bike. That’s all.
"Buying a bag of milk" took me out lol 13:41
yeah.... but... detached housing with a decent yard is best for mental health... according to my totally scientific anecdotal experiential evidence
Amen to the McMansions. Builders don't build homes that people can afford because they don't make enough off them.
I love this channel 👍
The problem is that we live in a system that makes high density housing really harmful to the people who live in it. There has to be a lot of changes in policy before we can really deal with this issue. Bay street in Oakland is an example of how this can be implemented but also be completely totally unaffordable making it vessel of gentrification rather than community enhancement.
On another tack entirely, re. 'the fight against climate change'. The Goyt Valley, in the Peak District of Derbyshire, in England, was carved out by a glacier. Glaciers stretched as far south as just north of London, and the ice cap over the centre of England was a mile thick. That was 10,000 years ago - a blip in geological and climatological time. Yet, now, even the Goyt Valley has a temperate climate.  Go back further, and the Thames Valley was sub-tropical.  Go back further still, and there was a lengthy time when the only part of the Earth which was *not* covered with ice was a narrow strip around the Equator. Fast forward to the Medieval Warm period - roughly 950 AD to 1250 AD - we had global warming, and the average temperature rose by 2 - 3 degrees C.  Did the Earth fry?  Was human, animal and plant life devastated?  Actually, quite the reverse;  *all* forms of life flourished.  The area of England called East Anglia (N. Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire) was covered with vineyards, and English wine exports to France reached such a level that the King of France imposed heavy import duties to protect French winemakers! In the late 13th century, in the course of a single generation, temperatures dropped in East Anglia to a point where vines could no longer germinate, and farmers had to switch to growing arable crops instead (that rapid temperature drop applied across Europe, the North Atlantic, and the Arctic).  And, please note, any long term study of climate will show changes exceeding anything we've seen in our lifetimes, both in terms of absolute temperatures and rates of change - and none of them caused by man-made CO2 emissions. Even more to the point;  if the average global temperature does rise by 2 or 3 degrees C, that will merely bring it up to the *average* for a period between successive Ice Ages. Reflecting on all these entirely natural climate changes, I find it ludicrous that anyone thinks we can effectively "fight against climate change"! Time to face facts;  compared to natural cycles and forces (such as that nuclear reactor we call the Sun), our powers to affect the climate are minuscule.  The only rational course is to do what all species (including our own) have done since life began on Earth: "Improvise, Adapt and Survive".
I'm a simple person; I hear 'Yakety Sax' and I hit 'subscribe.'
USA population growth has just about flattened, we will not grow 100 million more anytime soon
How to make a video about zoning entertaining: -HULK COGAN -BAG OF MILK done
BAG OF MILK BAG OF MILK IT COMES IN PLASTIC  AND YOU NEED PLASTIC TO HOLD IT BAG OF MILK BAG OF MILK
7:23 that's gotta be Golden, l live there and yep pretty bad
Well since your main argument is based on the flawed science that states their is man made climate change, the rest of what you say is just your own personal BS. Most people in the US just don’t want to live in cities, we like are open spaces and privacy. My house sits on just over two acres of land and there is no way I would give that up. And I have trouble believing those studies that say suburbs create more pollution than cities do. I bet that it was done by a left leaning group that is wanting to force everyone to drive EVs. So save your BS for European countries, it isn’t wanted in the US.
The three E's of Sustainability -- Economic, Environmental, and Ethical!
"except that persons of said races may be employed as servants by residents" - holly-molly, capitalistic social Darwinism variant with NSDAP connotations 😂🙈
Either participate in local government or move someplace where there are more people like you. Your jab at old racist men is a load of crap, zoning laws are under the control of people younger than me. I like the the suburbs where I live in America, we have large homes, small homes, condominiums and apartments right next to farms. So I don't participate in local government because I like how my specific local area is run. If you don't like your town and no one else in your town likes it either then run for office and/or vote. But if everybody else likes it the way it is, you should leave. You don't need to force people to change their towns to your liking.
bro u r funny
If I wanted to rub elbows every turn I made, I would move to what you call the city. I'll pass no thanks.
Nar give me a few acres miles away from the city folk.
What makes this narrow point of view illogical is this: this high density housing is just being pushed into the sprawling suburbs, where more people clog the roads on their commute into work. And...this high density housing is absolutely obliterating wetlands and the small remaining forests which are left, are being bull dozed for masses parking areas. Please come up with a better solution. Build this dense housing in the cities and stop destroying the wild lands. America is built around the car. No amount of block housing will fix that.
aw man if only you could own an apartment room, its all rental that is at least twice as much as a morgage
I want no neighbors. Our sex is too noisy.
I loved this! Stumbled upon it when YouTube autopopulated it while I was binge watching yesterday. I used to live in Golden, so I recognized all the locations you were at. My only disagreement with what you said is stairs are inaccessible for people with mobility limitations and elevators are, well, electric. I’d like to see “walkable” communities that are wheelchair accessible.
I live in a suburb,  my bank, barber shop, grocery store, ups store, restaurants, dentist, grade school, middle school are just 2 blocks away.  I work from home now and never really have to travel further than that unless I just want to.  I dont have to smell other peoples trash, catch covid from someone on the other side of a wall or listen to them talk, argue or worry about them messing up my car, yard ect. ect. The property-crime rate in urban areas was nearly twice as high in 2021 as in suburban areas
Small correction: Euclid didn't want Cleveland to impede, not Chicago.
Jschaltt changed so much since last vid i saw
The problem is that dense Urban centers are not sustainable. They cause population collapse. Suburbs are a necessary part of sustainable society.
They may have changed things in Oregon, but in the same term that they changed zoning, they e ALSO decriminalized meth
Was this filmed in Castle Pines Colorado by chance?        Watched a little further and yes, you did mention Colorado. I thought the background looked insanely familiar.
You make a compelling argument, but as an introvert, I hate high density housing. I like being a long ways away from a lot of stores and shops because it's quiet and safe. I like having a big fenced in yard to play with my dog in. I like being able to grow my big tea tree in my backyard, and then still have a yard. I like to blast loudass video games on my stereo and not bother anybody - and perhaps most important, I like _owning my property_ which you generally don't when you quote "own" an attached unit to a larger complex.  America needs more walkable spaces and especially more efficient zoning, undoubtedly, but the suburbs have a reason to exist. There is a market specifically for that style of life, and I know it, because I'm that person.
Yeah try working in a coffee shop when they tried to save money and switch to bags of milk! That didn’t last very long!  Hopefully due to my store’s intentional milk wastage… 🤣
Held my hands, not getting into it as you covered it all.
Holy shit my life would be so much better if not for these stupid zoning laws.
While I agree that the R1 needs to go I don't wanna go back to a town house.... I'm someone who likes the cold so I'd open my windows when it's 20F outside.. Then my neighbors complained that their heating bill is though the roof because of me..  And I don't wanna deal with that again lol.
Also guys you americans need in urgent as part of your basic education to use the public transportation, like for real. MOre buses, more trains and les big fat cars for big fat people.
We aren't going to be forced into the WEF 15 minute "walkable" towns and have private cars banned.  Without cheap energy - Oil Coal Nat Gas - we revert to 1850 lifestyle and food production. Oil is needed for the life you see every day.  1850 global population was 1.0 to 1.5 billion.  So who doesn't eat? So who doesn't have heat?
I rather live in an American suburban house with private gardens and pool, than living in the crowded, noisy European "walkable" city, it’s so overrated.
Hey I live in the town in 13:20! Yeah the sprawl here sucks ass, and the provincial leadership is handing out free passes to developers to turn the green belt into suburbs with less red tape and fees. FML....and yeah plastic bags for milk is as dumb as it sounds environmentally
All these houses in the Suburbs needs to plant more trees on their property, so sad to see so many space around these houses just empty.
You are a d—-, with a capital D.
I partly left the civil engineering industry because most work was in residential developments, and I strongly disliked (even loathed!) the vast, vast majority of everything that was being built. Even the high density stuff that "should" help is about as bad to live in and unhelpful to a sustainable society as possible. It's like doing smart things is so anathema to property values, we daren't ever try? Ugh! Trains, density, less distance between zoning types (within reason for human health), less draconian parking requirements, actual separate bike infrastructure that real people want to use. I can go on, but you've got 20+ minutes on the subject!
Absolute legend
Just ss I was wondering "yes all fine and dandy, but who's responsible and what can you do about it?" there you come up with an answer.  PS: Belmar looks kinda like the Netherlands :)
The US of A is really a fucked up country 🙈
Zoning is based on the 20s era racism fuuuuuun. How this shit is still around is shocking and honestly shameful - why you ask - NIBMYers come to every meeting and demand that no one is allowed to alter the zoning to increase density because and I quote "my property value". Housing should not be allowed to be an investment - need to fix this  So the answer is to out shout them and demand a more affordable product for everything by shrinking foot prints (most people do not need 3 bedrooms 3 baths den livingroom diningroom kitchen full basement).   Planning was created around the time of the Greek City State and possibly before that
US population to expand by 100 million people in the next 30 years..? We're just throwing out false numbers in the air?. Why not 100 trillion people?. The fertility rate in the US is way below even replacement levels, migration will increase the population, i'd assume not the whole continent of Africa will migrate
I'm laughing and crying and learning. Good work.
As a European, I would gladly live in a suburb than the blocks of concrete glued together
Fun fact: Hulk Hogan's tanning sessions contributed almost 15% of the total carbon emissions we live with today. Maybe a smidge less. It's an absolute fact. I heard it from an antivaxxer and they never fudge the facts.
The increased walking might help our obesity epidemic too. I would prefer living in 'mixed-used' after living abroad for several years
Don't knock the bag until you've tried it.
We have the same problem here in GER  a lot of people want to live in "Neubaugebiet en", which translates to new-housing areas. People there take up an area 5-10 times the area of people living in apartments. I think it is irresponsible to designate such areas everywhere but the communities do it for the 🤑🤑. It is definitely a devastating development with regard to positive presence of natural areas.
Also if you are stuck in one of these suburbs without a car providing for yourself can be extremely difficult. Most if not all of the jobs requiring skilled labor are in the city with retail and fast food being about the only thing in the suburb. That square in Belmar looks fun but I bet it is anything but affordable.
as someone who had grown up in a 2 bedroom apartment in a six story building, I don’t particularly like hearing the upstairs flushing toilet, and I love the single family house in America. So maybe instead of building more houses, not grow the population by 100mil. Just a though
17:38 someone should tell them we whippersnappers can't get on their lawn if they had no lawn. Seriously though, if there was a nearby park, sidewalks weren't so narrow and there were places to go without a car, there wouldn't be so many whippersnappers on their lawn
Dude I love your videos. I wish I knew why youtube hid you from me for so long. Especially when I search things like "climate change documentaries" or "climate change news". I could list a ton of reasons but you are devoted and so on point with not only providing facts but showing the proof many times. I prefer longer videos, at least 20 minutes is what I look for and an hour or two are ok with as well. Keep up the good, no the great work. Oh and your production style is very creative.
I live in the suburbs of a middle size city in Poland (170 000 population) and it's great. I need 10 minutes by car to get to the city center and 5 minutes to get to the freeway. I never use the bus because I've always hated it and at the first chance I got I switched to a car. Alternatively I ride a bike which now is safe to use when we got dedicated bike paths.  The deciding factor is the size of cities. If it's not a "monstrocity" like Los Angeles, New York, London or Paris detached houses are not a problem. Even more - they are a luxury. Just migrate to smaller towns and you won't have to deal with huge suburbs. I just can't imagine living in a apartment for more than 10 years. I need some space.
8:31 Bingo!
"Live in the pod. Own nothing. It's awesome guys!"  This guy.
1:04 imagine my surprise when my little neighborhood (Vallastaden) in a small town in Sweden shows up in a Climate Town video. I think “being the opposite” of American suburbs is the best compliment a neighborhood can get!
I'm not saying that mixed use zones cannot be done right but if you wanna see true mixed zone mayhem navigate the streets of Athens, Greece on Google maps, you're in for a cultural shock.
"You lack vision. I see a place where people get off and on the freeway. On and off. Off and on. All day, all night. Soon where Toontown once stood will be a string of gas stations. Inexpensive motels. Restaurants that serve rapidly prepared food. Tire salons. Automobile dealerships. And wonderful, wonderful billboards reaching as far as the eye can see. My God, it'll be beautiful."
When I was a young kid, I use to think why don't other countries have houses like the US. I use to think they were weird. Now, I think the opposite. I think the US is weird for building tons of houses all spread out from each other, where you need a car for everything.
Climate Town and Joel Haver are the same person and nothing you say can convince me otherwise.
The bags of milk come in 3s and are packed into a larger bag. I've never seen a bag of milk like the one pictured, they're always fully sealed and require cutting off the corner with a pair of scissors.
So Rollie thinks we should be packed into little rabbit hutches inside smart cities. This channel is literally reciting the WEF playbook.
Who is predicting 100,000,000 new people in the US in the next 30 years?
yay!  2M. wowzers that's great
Cool to see you filming all around the Denver area.  The sprawl of giant, culs-du-sac suburbs around Denver is probably one of the reasons why it's really expensive to live here and traffic is awful.  It all evolved in the 30 years I've lived here. We had a shot at growing correctly, and we blew it.
Excellent point. Those single family zoning laws were created to squeeze as many taxes from owners as possible. What is even scarier is the town OWNS all the property and you don't. See what happens if you stop paying the extortion money to that local government. The real-estate system is a scam any gangster would be proud of.
Bags of milk are real, especially in American public schools.
They are building a lot of townhome communities around me in the Philly area. I don't like suburban neighborhoods, it seems wasteful and takes a ton of space. Some communities near me are not allowing people to subdivide or sell lots less than 10 acres, that has stopped development in rural areas. At the same time, I lived in a dense city (Philly) for several years and it's just not safe to have kids there. I watched 2 people get shot right in front of me in broad daylight, not to mention having my car and house broken into multiple times. But, living in a suburban area now, I have crazy neighbors complaining about every little thing (like calling the cops about my car inspection being expired). I think the zoning comes down to who is lobbying and who's, making the money. There is money in the typical suburban mcmasion.
As someone who grew up in Europe and South FL where public transit might as well be non-existent, I am hoping that one day the US will wake up and fix our housing and transit needs for this country. It's such a shame that such a young country with so much space  has been so ill-planned.
Anyone who doesn't want to get shot and lose their children to drugs and basketball, would prefer a neighborhood that outlaw projects. It's not about density. It's a proxy to exclude certain demographics that turn everything into hell around them.
Im Canadian but our cities are the same. personally i cant stand all of these walkable neighborhoods. someone with a car who wants to go to one has to pay to park , you have to walk or bike, sidewalks are super busy and so criminals and thieves are too. Generally its just for young university aged people to socialize and pretend to be adults and then they all move the hell outa there too. The point im making is most people do not want to be surrounded by so many people its not in our culture. the frontiers represented a place where you can go carve out your own life. its why we are all here, our ancestors wanted a different life. I think we need to be even more sprawled.
Banana seats in the 70s basically INVITED all us kids to see how many could FIT on that seat.  Then  find BIGGEST hill to descend w THE MOST LITTLES.    Adult concussion sez  WHAT
I'm a big fan or your content, but never criticize de Kardashians again or I'll have unfollow + report you.
Are the classroom Climate Town videos a real thing? I was just thinking how much I'd like to show this to my kids but would need a 'clean' version.
‘Mouse Utopia Experiment’ look into it.
Those walkable grocery stores better be open 24/7 too.
Bags of milk are stupid.
Its funny how he repeats " racist" when it only has to do with white Europeans wanting to have their own neighborhoods. There are commercials on TV today in which have black people who are wanting black owned businesses. I live in central CA and Hispanic culture dominates here. The majority of businesses here will not hire you if you don't speak Spanish. All of the corner stores that are owned by Punjabis do not hire other races, other than the random illegal Mexican. Why is it that only white people can't have their own societies? I have never heard of a movement to make Mexico more diverse. Japanese culture is openly exclusive and no one ever mentions their " racism".
well i moved from the city to the county far away from the suburbs. and i wouldent trade it for the wourld. sum people just like fresh air and next to no people around or to worry about.
I see solar panels on many homes, and that makes me happy.
ClimateTown and Not Just Bikes (and others) be one of the most influential creators this decade.
I'm surprised you didn't mention that bagged milk is plastic, because plastic is bad.
I disagree with Bel Mar. I looked into living there. The cost of those apartments/Condos are outrageous.
What if some people like the suburbs? What if they like to drive?
Same problem in Australia and New Zealand have the same suburbia problem too
Suburban homes work. What doesn't work is zoning b/c that's what causes 40 minute walks to a single business. Traditionally, people would have businesses on the first floor of their homes, or attached, and live on the second/third floors. If you look at any town in Europe, you would see that even outside of urban developments it's possible to enjoy urban aspects such as proximity to restaurants and shops. The stupid zoning/development laws are also what prevent you from using your whole property, which would reduce the wastage that is front lawns. European houses are fenced in entirely and have front gardens, rather than lawns.
It’s always the old people lol
I mean, many people just prefer to live in low density places even if it means there is some inconvinience. I would off myself if I had to go back to a city with all the noise and pollution. In general nobody likes crowded places either.
I’m one of the people that do not want to live in a city environment , it never fails that more people bring in more  crime and problems. Just dealing with pet crazy lady is enuff for me to move. I will stay out in the township thanks!
“Holy shit you’re right” and then seeing the screen was so funny
To be fair,  a jug of milk doesn’t stack either and uses a lot more plastic than a bag. I’m mostly just confused how you get the milk back out without spilling 😂
I am not sure about that 100 million increase. A lot of folks are not marrying or choosing to not have kids. Society is at a turning point and populations might decline at a faster rate than before. China already has gone negative.
i watched your video right to the end hoping i would hear something intelligent come out of your mouth, i was annoyed that i had wasted 20 minutes listening to crap. all the energy doesn't just go out the walls of a properly built house, as for the lovely ares you showed, i'd rather be dead than live there.the climate protesters are usually protesting about  chickens ,cows etc factory farmed. this is exactly how you expect humans to live, totally removed from the natural world, just sparrows pigeons and rats. no mention of the base cause of ALL the problems, over population ! far easier to deal with the issues of a declining population, than an EVER increasing one. the planet is being destroyed, not by climate change. we are just one species of billions on this one and only planet we have, and the only animal we care about is ME ME ME !!
2 x speed greatly improved this video
Land of the free KEKW
Climate Town ☕
This is a pretty tough sell for anyone who has visited SF or LA in the last 5 years. LOL at the "racist laws" passed by 100% ultra-progressive citizens. Even London Breed won't let you build an apartment if it casts a shadow onto a school yard.
as an urban planner this video is outstanding.
Why did you bleep out "god" in "goddamn" ??
Suburbs are the greatest things ever made. Maybe these, who don't like the live in a freedom with a car and your own space, should go to communist countries.
I just wish Hulk Hogan wasn’t racist.
Says a climate activist and I love my rural home. Pxss off, I am keeping it. You’re. Grifter.
Landlords are bleeding America Dry. They raise the rent "just because" reasons. They use whatever excuse but in actuality it's just pure greed. Fuck landlords. Can't wait for people to find alternate housing and these people have to get an actual job instead of sitting on their ass thinking they're on top of the world.
You have outfit of Matteo messina denaro
I live in Brazil and where I live everything I need is at walking distance from me, if not, then the bus stop is and there are plenty of busses. I'm not pressed to buy a car because I really don't need one, it would be just a nuisance in my life. This made my childhood very full of activities and people and places, and seeing this video, it makes me really thankful for it. It's good to watch things like this since we have a habit of taking things for granted.
I live in Florida and we have single family homes in my neighborhood plus condos and townhomes all off the same street.  I’m in a golf course community with plenty of nature and walkability with no HOA.  Across the street is a sprawling park and massive lake. Kids play in the streets and walk everywhere.
Mixed zoning has the potential to create vibrant and dynamic urban spaces with a variety of housing, retail, and commercial options. It can also promote a sense of community and create a more integrated and walkable environment.
Where’s your hair?
This video got me to start a Strong Towns chapter in my area. We’re campaigning to reform zoning to a form based code, and fight for pedestrian safety across southern NH. Thanks rolls
They're a lot better than the inner city, with high violent crime, homeless encampments, and prostitutes and drug dealers on corners.  How about just cutting off immigration, and you won't have to worry about making housing for 100 million new people? Big brain guy, here, people
Bag of milk sleeve neatly in to re-usable jug. This hold bag upright in fridge or on table so no fall over and spill. Bag use less plastic than single-use milk jugs. Not sure why talk like this.
Wow! I love the sense of humor you have. It really makes these videos enjoyable for folks who might be easily bored by topics such as this. Great video to show my students! Shout out to 15:10, hahahaha!
Wait, he grew up in Colorado ? He is really the Stan March who grew up from South Park !
population is declining, even with all the garbage streaming across the open borders.  This is happening in all 2nd and 3rd world nations currently.  We aren't going to have another 100 million people in the nation anytime soon.
'Affordable housing prices' IN JAPAN. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.....no.
Live in Colorado, these houses are garbage.
Or the USA could stop importing millions of people every year or month.
I would like apartments if the walls and floors weren't so thin. Your experience is so dependent on how loud your neighbors think you are. Or maybe people are just really loud in general.
Nothing will change because developers have an interest in making zoning laws so they lobby for zoning laws. Zoning meetings are pointless because the decisions are made beforehand I promise
I don't think it's "some people want to live in single family homes" I think it's the American dream to live in a single family home
What if we build smaller single family homes that are built well but not expensively. I just don't think anyone wants to live in an apartment
I don't disagree with you I just hate high density housing. It sucks I hate living in it and I hate working in and around them. Imagine you need to put a fridge inside a house (and of course you want the biggest fridge ever made because why not) I'd prefer to go through one big doorway as little stairs as possible and that is antithetical to high density housing. I don't live in new York so I don't know what true high density housing is but I would hate to live in a building with more than 10 people couldn't imagine hundreds
The absurdity is, that in Germany, there is a trend under higher middel class people to earn a singel House in a suburb area. Its also about the middel class ideology of private property i think. The middel class dudes dont wanna stay in a crouded area with this pathetic low income bums because they think they are something better. And in the suberbs they can over see the accumulation of private property. Thanks to  god we germans are at average to poor, even this higher middel class morons are not able to earn such nonsens. We germans buy only thinks we can effort we are not into debts like you american fellows.
once again another reason why I hate american housing. first time I visited US I was baffled by how many parking lots there are, and I was thinking why not make an entire parking building? Literally the parking lot area for the mall was bigger than the mall itself.
CO2 is plant food
In the beginning, it looks like the beige fungus suburbs of Colorado. Then I stopped watching when you talked about racism and climate change. Moron
A few years go I moved from a "colonial suburb" to a mixed use urban neighborhood in a different metro area. 2 years later, after not needing to drive anywhere, I ditched my car. On the rare times when I can't walk or use transit, I use a ride hail ... and my transportation budget is much smaller.  Within one mile, I have 6 supermarkets, a couple of drug stores, museums, theaters, and more restaurants, cafes, and small businesses than I can count. I can walk 2 miles through city parks to my office.   My neighborhood has a mix of 100+ year old single family houses, duplexes and triplexes, old and new mid-size apartment buildings. The houses are expensive, the multi-family units are not. The crime rate is lower than the city average. The large streets are being restructured to be more pedestrian friendly.  This is in America ... I'm in one of the cities that eliminated single family zoning. It's not perfect, but it's getting closer.
😂😂😂😂😂😂, it's very funny, but still, all true!!!!
I've lived in the Bronx for years and it's so weird because the ppl living in multifamilies dream of their own backyard and space and the privileged living in the mcmansions champion multifamilies.
If you can eliminate and clear out the urban ghetto areas the suburban population will flock back to the cities
I would rather die than live in the city and it’s the same for many others.
Lol, did you move to the front range? That place sucks the soul out of your life. Edit: yep, found the lcoation at 2:16  39.850970489697, -105.2136547211965
Cepia-times ROTFL!
Since i live in Moscow, i just can't imagine my existence without public transportation and the thing you've called "mixed zones". Frankly speaking, the whole city is this way. Of course you have areas with more apartment blocks and some districts on the outskirts of the city with less activities going on, but there is still access to buses or metro. It would be so weird no to have like a dozen of grocery stores near my house. Not to mention parks, malls and other public places where you can simply get by foot within 10 minutes. Despite all of that, our traffic is still horrendous, so i guess you are right - some people prefer it to be "personal" (both housing and transport) no matter what.
I just got 3 separate ads one right after the other over a course of 15-20 seconds. WTF YOUTUBE STOP BEING A FUCKING TIME THIEF. CHEEKY FUCKING CUNTS!!!!
I live in a quiet part of Tokyo. The supermarket, 7/11, dentist, doctor, bakery, train station, and a few restaurants are all within a 5 minute walk. Definitely better than living in a suburb.
Why youtube recommend me this clown
Embrace cyberpunky megabuildings
I woke up and had an epiphany.  Here tis,, everything is wrong about America under WEF guide lines.
Dude, you make learning fun. You should go into teaching. Great vids.
yeah let's build commieblocks
How did all those high rise apts built in cities that quickly turned into ghettos work out for you ?  Maybe you should be paying more attention to the flood of Illegals crashing your borders who are coming here and having six kids which in turn  increases your  population while you pay for their social services. But then again this destroys your stupid racist narrative then doesn't it ? It's amazing how morons like you can't seem to think more than one step ahead.. maybe you should lead by example and go grab an apartment on the south side of Chicago or LA or in the Bronx or brooklyn ..
SPOILER: people move out of cities to escape the violence of criminals who are enabled by the government to prey on innocent people in broad daylight. This guy looks like somone who overpays for a centralized apartment in a city where you thank god it’s not you who’s being assaulted or killed…UNTIL IT IS YOU!!
I live in a townhome community that was built on farmland. We have nothing, nothing around us that doesn’t require cars. This purchase was entirely my decision and I accept the consequences, but while I have lived here I have noticed…And don’t even get me started on those ADA crosswalk aprons that are a sidewalk to nowhere. Nothing like impotent regulations for accessibility to completely castrate any ability to get somewhere without a car.  Eff this country…. I’m moving.
Thank you for the engaging and thought provoking content! I would like to be more engaged in my community, but I'm hesitant to start. (I would imagine others are in the same boat as well) Something that would be really helpful for me personally would be videos explaining these concepts that are shorter and have a professional tone. Don't get me wrong-- I love the personality that comes through in your videos and wouldn't have it any other way! But if you did a short series geared towards people sharing them with their local leaders, that would be exceedingly helpful, and something that I would love to see from both you and Not Just Bikes.
NJB sent me…
blame capitalism. then religion.
Tbh, living in the suburbs in the USA is much nicer than living in the big cities. It’s much cheaper, much quieter, doesn’t stink, the schools are typically much better, it’s easier to get around, the outdoor recreation is almost always better, etc.
Not everyone wants or needs to be surrounded by people. Keep the crowds in the cities.
What baffles me the most about these suburbs is that they insist on making them COMPLETELY FLAT. No conforming to terrain, nothing. I live in a fairly car-dominated place in Australia, and almost all of the suburbs follow the terrain instead of bulldozing through it.
God forbid we talk about overpopulation as the problem. God forbid.. So instead lets just build high rises so we can fill this planet with more people. We deserve everything that's coming to us!!!!
What kind of microphone do you use? It sounds great :)
lol 11:15 someone got lazy with the editing and highlighted the wrong plural word.
I love the suburbs. I waited my whole life and career so I could afford to live away from both rural and city centers without high density housing. It's quiet and low crime, no graffiti. Single family zoning makes for people vested in what they own, instead of low life's turning their rentals into ghettos. It's only 40 minutes away from the grocery stores, box stores, liquor stores, and massage parlors. Not interested in forced multicultural diversity. Why should those of us who want peace and quiet be forced to put up with loud rap music at midnight?
I think opinions on suburban houses would change if people had children. Look at EU birth rates… so it’s not surprising they are content to live in smaller spaces  When you have kids living in a “hip” walkable neighborhood seems less important. American cities have many walkable areas but they tend to have much higher crime rates than European cities…
Move back into dead cities like Detroit
Not everyone wants to live in a multi story apartment or a huge mc.mansion
The suburbs can easily be transitioned into micro communities with their own farmer's market (every yard is a potential mini organic food forest) their own park/community garden, their own off-grid solar/wind with battery exchange system, their own walk-in clinic, security, gallery, etc etc. All that has to happen is the necessary changes to HOAs and an interest in local gov't to provide bus stations that bring people to train stations if they need to go further for any reason. If every single family home provided their own power and organic food just for starters, the positive impact would be enormous.
I’m continually amazed that more people don’t consider a life overseas. My job kept me in foreign countries for the better part of two decades. Life is simply better and far less expensive overseas.
Culs-de-sac  is classy, hu ? Sure ! C'est français 😎 It's literally "bag's ass", or "bag's bottom". As for where you have to put the 's'... There must theoretically be a rule (we love them in grammar) and a whole bunch of exceptions (we love them even more, kind of paradoxically justifying the rule. Hey, again, we're Fench, let us experience our singularity). Great video, thanks 😊
“This was back when congestion didn’t mean traffic.” So, do we still have sanitation problems due to population congestion in the cities? No, thanks to the suburbs.
You need to get over it dude , people want single family homes or they wouldn't be building them and selling them as fast as they can build them . You are just weird.
I've read that R1 zoning laws are a major factor in the homelessness crisis of San Francisco and other cities.
I love everything you are saying and this video had me rolling the whole time!! ❤
Americans are wasting space for strip malls and the endless row of houses! What is our environment going to face?
The overpriced mansions owned by 1 or 2 people are oftentimes credit protection strategies....   if the state where the building is located is like Florida or Texas and has a huge Homestead exemption in the state bankruptcy law, lots of people park their money in these giant single family residences...  safe from creditors
Keep it simple...walkable....peaceful...
we have here blocks of flats 8 to 12 floors for 50years. last ever by state/city built one was completed in 1990. living in your own single house is the new "in". at least here.
As someone from a developing country who live on the 10th floor of an apartment building i am so jealous of these single family houses people in USA have. I wish i had a front and a back yard and a 2 door garage and drive way to play hoops in. Americans have no idea how lucky they are.
At this point, who gives a shit? We are killing ourselves off faster, and that’s a good thing. I don’t have any little turds and I’ll be dead by then, so fuck it 😂
I cannot stop laughing @ 5:50 - 6:05 🤣🤣🤣
Bag of milk......omg I'm f***ing dead. Hahahahahaha....wow
I live on three acres in a semi rural area. My water table is within a couple of feet or the crust, I have a well but don't need to water these acres of grass because I also have lots of mature trees and huge swaths of shrubs to keep moisture from evaporating too quickly. Well then a dirt pit was opened up so they could sell dirt to make low land high enough to put new suburbs around me. They pump all the ground water straight into the nearby river lowering the ground water level everywhere in the area. The new burbs have houses so close that you can reach out your arms and touch two houses. They could have sold fewer houses with more land for the same amount of money, but everyone complains about "affordable housing". I'm here to tell you, I don't care if your housing is affordable, as long as it doesn't destroy everything around it.
This guy is fantastic! The truth shall set you free.
This is what it looks like when a failed state gets lucky on the world stage.
Hi! I just wanted to let you know this video spurred me to find my city's city council meetings, thanks to the Google search terms you provided in the description, AND the zoning map! Guess what, most of it is R-1 zoning! I'm planning on going to one of these planning meetings and hopefully get something going...maybe even interviewing some local residents! Let's see how that goes!
Having lived in the city, if thats what you want, go for it. Allow others to live the best way it suits them.
One thing to consider about flats is the fact that noise pollution from neighbors and having tall ugly buildings blocking the sun can have a significant psychological damage on people
“And lung disease”  😂
Look, racism is embedded into the history of our nation.  Yes, that continues to be a huge problem. Knowing zoning and racism are part of our history doesn't demonstrate that we shouldn't have zoning regulations.  Knowing that black people are incarcerated at much higher rates than whites does not prove we should tear down prisons... but yeah, something is wrong.  My bias is that the developers own the local government, so land use decisions are driven by developer profit.  But I need to learn more, thanks for the video.
This is BS propaganda? This is just a shill piece for megapopulation cities. Cities are the WORST places in the world to live. City politicians want more tax cattle to drive the US deeper into debt. May you suffer the consequences of selling your soul for a lousy paycheck, you freak!
Yeah, not everyone wants to live in a crime riddled city or rent an apartment for the rest of their lives guaranteeing you will never actually own your home or build equity due to “climate change.” If you are all so worried about the world ending due to the sun monster then maybe you should take a look over at China or India. We wouldn’t wanna do that though because then we couldn’t get our overpriced merchandise made from cheap slave labor. I live in a small community of 10,000 people and everything I need is within five minutes of where I live. The only thing I dread on a weekly basis is when I have to drive into that ugly concrete and glass shithole Minneapolis.
Private houses with no land or huge garage is only increase cleaning and worming expences. Private houses is a private place for making some private business and it should have some equipment, some land, place for experiments etc
Where I live is a 3 hour and 29 minute walk to the nearest grocery store.... except it is ILLEGAL to walk there even if you wanted. Land of the free, right?
Thank you for these Brilliant videos! Like that you bring the HORRID facts about the institutionalized racism in regards to housing, especially since we are in a time when many americans want to pretend that "racism was yesterday" or that there is "no racism because we had a Black President."
despite being just 25% of the American population, the suburbs account for more than 50% of all household greenhouse gas emissions despite being just 13% ...
I like this guy 😂😂😂😂❤
this truly opened my mind and restructured my thoughts on buying a house black male 29 Philadelphia, PA  native
We need more smaller affordable homes, in walkable cities with family owned businesses
Yes the extreme solution is all humans should live in one giant vertical housing establishment for humanity and all needs nearby and leave 99% of the world untouched by mankind. But most humans value space and prviacy, and the larger problem is when do we as a culture say, less children. China is "suffering" from a dwindling population as more people retire, but is it a problem because more people are suffering, or because they won't be able to influence the world and generate as much corporate profits? The balance is, maintaining enough population so that people can live with enough space to roam  without slash and burning 90% of our wilderness. We are well beyond that balance. Industrialization and mass production created this problem.
Individual transportation is a huge mistake .
The day I discovered you in US don't have a big railway system after the historical concept of western trains that got completely abandoned in the years later and discovering that you are totally favoring cars and air traveling left me absolutely speechless.  wtf man
Lol Europe. The homogenous totally safe place where nothing happens. Now throw in Oakland and Baltimore and get this party started Amsterdam! Yeah! Not to mention, I don't know, shit loads of fentanyl zombies, no education, and multi-generational poverty.
Look up Milankovitch cycles
Suburbs are much more beautiful than the ugly, lifeless, brain dead cities, but much more efficient than suburbs. It’s a sacrifice we will have to make to trade beautiful houses for dead, metal monoliths.
Omg the suburb issue is so insufferable
Condos are more efficient way of living. But people want excess everything.
I guess you guys have not figured out yet that humans are doomed...for the reasons you talk about and for 1000 other reasons similar to that...humans are greedily killing themselves off along with most other forms of life on Earth. And humans are a dangerous enough "rat" on the planet to succeed in this self-inflicted extinction.
Bags of milk make a ton of sense if you realize recycling doesn't work for many types of plastics and tetrapaks aren't recyclable. They require less plastic and with a milk bag pitcher they're practically identical to other options in terms of pouring experience.
if we get rid of people,wouldn't need to build nothing,you are the carbon the government wants gone,p.s. theres no such thing as climate change idiots..........
I once flew exactly over the US southern East coast (roughly FL-NY) on a beautifully clear day. I'm not an American and don't usually spend much time thinking about urban planning either, but it was interesting to see. Spent most of the flight looking at the typical American suburban lay out from above. Down South it was a bit mixed, 'normal' suburbs, nature areas and some undefined areas. Going North it started to look more uniform, winding roads and 'cul-de-sacs' for mile after mile. Then the last 300 miles or so, more urban views of old / high rise / high density building between the suburban standard. It was nice to trigger some thin-air-based thoughts about the historical and cultural development of such a land mass, by looking at it from 7 miles up.
Where I live in Germany, there are new housing developments with a mix of townhouses, rental apartments and condominiums. There is also public transit and nice little mall with a free parking garage within walking distance. You could drive there if you need to get some cases of beer or water, or just walk to get some bread and do shopping. Whenever a housing development is planned over here, there is the obligatory shopping strip with a supermarket, discount store and other shops.  I wonder why Americans can't do proper city planning.
The scripts for these videos are f--ing phenomenal.
This is propaganda and a lot of people are falling for it.
woke
idk why dude keeps referring to Canada as unwalkable. bc i live here n i walk literally everywhere n love it. its a very walkable place.
Jim Jefferies?
If I wanted to live in a tiny apartment that's more expensive than a house in midwest  I would have stayed in Europe.
Suburbs suck but then so do small and expensive apartments in the middle of the city and living in the projects. There's no good  housing situation in a city unless you make a shitload of money.
Urbanization created a problem. Prior to industrial revolution, most people lived spread out and towns where only for getting goods to sustain life spread out. Then people started moving into said towns. Space was tighter. It meant less kids b/c kids are expensive when space is tighter. Demographics would fall off a cliff and economies would plummet. In comes the suburb. A Hybrid attempt to keep people plugged in but just far enough out to afford a large family. All we have to look at is are the GDPs of advanced countries who embraced the suburb and those that didn't and see how they compare over the last 70 years.
Don’t tell Americans that. Those cookie cutter neighborhoods have no character and no amenities in the neighborhood.
No worries man, if all else fail, just blame China for climate change. Easy peasy
Definitely shot in Colorado - not because of the shot in front of Union Station, but the damn geese interrupting your shoot. Is there a car accident up ahead? No! It's a swarm of geese WHO CAN FLY deciding to cross the busiest street in town by JAYWALKING.
To add to the note about housing prices, some people don’t actually *want* to live in the suburbs, but it may be the only option they can afford. In my city of 1mil in Canada, many home buyers are completely priced out of the handful of walkable, desirable inner-city areas because they are now in such high demand and there are so few of them (these homes are all hovering $1mil). The only housing we *might* be able to afford (if any!) is the cheaper, newly built stuff at the veeeery edge of the city in what feels like the middle of nowhere (which can get to as low as $300k). Probably because no one actually wants to live there when given another choice :/
So by "bleeding America dry" we mean has a history in racism and hinders our ability to combat climate change. Ok. Would probably be more effective to just stick to saying suburbs price everyone out of entire job markets and living areas. Instead of using all the progressive language that instantly turns more than half of the country off. Also a little disingenuous to just write off the very large number of people of all races that actually enjoy living in suburbs with a quick little "whatever helps you sleep at night"
I want to be a part of the outstanding group of individuals that bring back trains, community and walkability. Yours, Alan Fischer's, City Beautiful's and other activists' videos have motivated me to pursue education in urban planning, house management and landscape architecture. I can't wait for what I find! Thank you for all that you do! 🌻
Density housing sucks ... suburbs rocks ... because most job in future will be remote (automatization will took the most job which require a lot of people in one place ) there is no difference if You sit in nice own house with grass or live in small apartment which is much more expensive to build to run and own (rent or buy or lease) ... Besides you can build your own property and save a lot ... and have a better life standard ... Small example heating my own home is the same as paying for central heating for flat(rented out) include subsidies from government (compensate for high natural gas prices, it is in Europe), small detail house is  200 m3 living space + 120 m3 (work space) ,  flat 54 m3 ... It is a small house for American standards but it is more better deal for the most people ...
What manipulative piece of crap. Private property ownership is already under direct attack and has been. Families need stability they need a home with a yard to raise children  majority of people in this country are family oriented this whole story is to manipulate people out of home ownership which is the easiest way for people in this country to prosper. Of course the government wants to line us up in boxes and put numbers on us.
Many people don't want to live near high-density housing. The "most efficient" housing is not always the housing that is the best living environment. More population density tends to mean more crowding, less space, more crime, more regulations, higher cost of living, etc. I live out in the country, probably about a 7-8 minute drive to the nearest store, and 30 minutes from a major metro area. I like having a big house on some land and not having my neighbors stacked on top of me. There's a lot of dumb or NIMBY regulations in zoning, probably because property owners are looking to protect their quality of life and their investment-and they pay the taxes.  When I get older, I may consider a more "walkable" community in the event that at some point I can't drive and the convenience of having everything close by would be really beneficial.
High density housing does not mean high rise apartments. If designed on a human scale it actually means 2-3 story buildings with yards. People in the comments are ignorant and don't understand this.
Racism built this country…. Racism will also destroy this country 💀
I went to a elementary school that serve milk in little bags. All you had to do is just poke your straw in it and enjoy.
It was the “A bag of milk” reaction for me 😂 😂 😂
The definition of hell: being stuck in a deserted Winnipeg suburb, late on a frozen January night, with the icy wind howling, waiting for the bus that never comes.
Bag of milk is amazing! Thats how we get it from local dairies and farmers in Nepal.
.....and every single one of those decisions was made in the name of money. Gosh darn the consequences, WE can just throw more money at the problem.
I was reading these stats and laws over a decade ago only way to change the laws is to be into law or vote, but here we go again with the problem of gerrymandering, partisan politics, and industry lobbying in politics. So looks like the inevitable collapse of society after 2040 predicted by MIT in the 1970's. Ya ya 'Merica!!!
I love how the backdrop in every shot is just suburban sprawl.
Try bag of beer!
Problem is the overlap of genuine climate issue addressing and big inverstor/developer interest. That's why I don't believe in rezoning. Cities are corrupt and work as they are told by developers. For example city of San Diego is claiming to solving low income housing issue by rezoning to allow high rise rentals at 5000$ month for studio (in my area - University City). Total BS. And of course I don't appreciate being called racist for fighting against wealthy developers.
Who wants to live in an apartment or a townhouse??? They are awful. Just awful. I lived in both for years. Expensive, noisy, gross, no green space to call your own. I'll pass, thanks. I own 3 acres in the country now and will never go back!!
Car free cities can only be possible in two ways: 1. A ridiculous amount of police presence or hired security. 2. A ridiculous amount of moral and ethical people acting well around each other.   Otherwise you get the tribal cultures seen traditional middle east cutting off hands and gouging out eyes and getting nowhere and Rodney King and BLM riots everywhere.   Given that most communities are not moral or ethical in nature, this is a pipe dream.   Only in Reformation countries in Europe, early American protestant settlements, and the early protestant Midwest has this been possible; historically speaking.  Modern, small, homogenous, western European countries get close...but the key to each case here is SMALL, homogenous,  and European. The lessons of the Reformation are seen in each, momentarily successful  case. Once sin creeps in, the  falls apart.
It is not just about building apartments, but building high quality apartments… I lived in an apartment for 3 years, the noises made me want to kill myself…
I want to buy a single bedroom condo/apartment but can only rent them where I live, wish there were more options as I don’t want/need a home and do not want to maintain one either
But who on earth would want to live in a block of flats ? Ok, ok, you're right, that would be better than being dead in a block of flats.
This is important today when just work can't afford you a place to live.
Lisping Commie Soy Boy hates America. You are the soy version of Tim Pool lol
In the US, many cities have deteriorated to the extent that security has become ever more tenuous. Small wonder that families elect to forego the convenience of city life.  Imagine using a bike in Manhattan, San Francisco, or LA. Traffic, geography, and distance are significant barriers to Eurocity lifestyle. Not to mention the recent surge of lawlessness an the homeless problems.
14:00 why is this shot not color graded fam PS great video though =)
Bro in an appartement building you get one dirty person with cockroaches - everyone is going to have them. And the noise ... don't get me started.
dude you make me laugh A+
who tf says our population is expanding? I thought we're going to start shrinking soon.
And then you have inconsiderate upstairs neighbors bouncing on their floors or nevt door neighbors with teen kids blaring steros and party's when parents don't care
Get to the point you babbling
Speak for yourself guy, I'd take the suburbs over the city anyday. Cities are ridiculously more expensive, ridden with crime, filled with the homeless, and corrupt as hell. I grew up in cities my whole life but I would always make a point of making friends in the Suburbs so I could spend my days at their place. Also, I don't know why you're making it sound like people only live in suburbs because they have to, most of the country prefers suburban or rural living.  Honestly not familiar with this channel but this sounds like some shit a socialist or communist would say to try and create a more collectivist society.  Edit: Just noticed the channel is called climatetown, so yeah if not a commie definitely a collectivist authoritarian.
Minneapolis looks bad , crime on the rise and ghetto neighborhoods are all around. Los Angeles is going through the same nightmare. Single Houses zones are the core of American culture and spirit of freedom and settlement on the land. Other countries are dreaming to have as much low density zones as USA. This video is fundamentally wrong about merits of the dense living.
In comparison to the idiocy of intentionally shipping fossil fuels across oceans and pumping tons of carbon into the atosphere while doing so rather than harvesting that fossil fuel at home and shipping them through pipes that no longer emit carbon once built, while simultaneously importing across a vast ocean Green Tech produced in carbon duming Chinese fatories instead of producing them using our regulated cleaner fossil fuel or even previously imported and established Green Energy power sources (neither of which make sense but are supposedly "Green" policies), I really support the idea that we should definitely build up and operate like much of Europe does.    But that's just me.
As a german i always loved the american suburbs in movies. But i can see how you always need a car to drive anywhere and it is a really inefficient way of living😅
SF/SJ housing: 94% 'houses' only. Well thank goodness! Imagine how much more crowded those areas would be with high density housing?
What a stupid and unprovable supposition--we don't have high density housing, even though we want it, because of single family housing zoning. Baloney. We have mostly low density housing because AMERICANS WANT THAT. Suburbs are boring? But at least they are safe. Can't say the same of any high density housing in any American city.
Not 1 not 3 but 2 🤣
What type of jacket are you wearing?!
14:07 Delft I totally agree, you can walk or bike through the entire city in 10 minutes.
What about if you stop having babies for a second?
Hum what a crap of lies this is...
immigration
since the 1965 immigration act usa population has doubled.....so there.
Nothing screams America like music by The Who, the most American band ever.
That’s right pack is in like ants. It’s not like it increases crime and actually makes people less social and more angry. I will not go into downtown because I don’t want to be shot, ripped off or stand in line for everything. If you want to live like an ant, go for it. Quit making people feel bad for different ways of living.
Crime infested liberal filth?  No thank you.
I have bigger problems than this😅
Generica is excoriating the heart and soul of America. Starbucks anyone?
Are you in Parker Co?
fuck high density housing tho , i really like to live in suburbs
I agree bro. Been saying this for years
Also instead of building skyscrapers everywhere, we could go back to every family getting 1-10 acres and multiple homes/ 1 big lodge for the whole family to live in, and use the land for farming, livestock, and renting out to those who need work. Make your own food. Be self sufficient. Bring back agrarian economy
it's all about control, when people are packed into a single area they are easily governed. look at china, most of the population ( 1.4 billion )  is found in cities (850 million)  yet they still have terrible  emissions.
People need big front yards for more room to burn crosses
Carbon isn't bad.
Hey... you can just "stand" the bag of milk inside a "bag of milk shaped" pitcher, then cut a small corner of the bag. The ptcher lives inside the fridge. It's less waste compared to milk cartons or  plastic bottles.
Lol you still believe in climate change 😂  I hate to tell you that most Americans don't want to live in apartments or townhouses.  And all your other conclusions are just embarrassingly ignorant of reality.
Suburbs and apartments are a scam any way. There made out of matchsticks and look like shit going up. Most of them are stamed out like a cooky cutters.  I would rather live in a camper and pull it around with my ford expedition.😑
I would argue at lot of the reason why people continue to flock to suburbs is to achieve the American dream. Owning property is financially better than renting in respects to wealth, and owning a condominium means high $$$
Bags of milk are a very Canadian thing too. US milk options are just not the same as Canada. Options are very limited and don't have the same taste in the US compared to Canada in my experience. I do agree our zoning is much like our southern neighbours and has become worse with US developers taking over the new housing market. I live in an area where a vehicle is a necessity unfortunately and 2 are required or my family just to get to work. No public transportation and long distance travel. I always admire the majority of European countries on my visits especially Germany.
LETS BE HONEST !!! GO FROM A SHITTY APARTMENT TO A NICE HOUSE OUT IN THE WOODS  FUCK THAT APARTMENT  ILL LIVE THE SUBS
You will live in the pod and eat the bugs.
Nothing bad in racism. It’s natural way of things. Blacks could go back to Africa and do there what they want.
A neighborhood with single family homes would lose a ton of value if a developer could build an apartment complex next to single family homes. An obscenely low percentage of all people in the US have generational wealth that can be traced back to when redlining occurred.
After rights to repair this is the fight US has to made.
Well where else ppl gonna live?   Fool!!
10:30. Hahahaha.  “A better place to be” hahahahaha.  Many people (most people?) DON’T want to live in these “utopias” where miserable leftists live and where worthless bureaucrat tyrants (who are usually the most miserable radical leftists) force you to live according to their idiotic values.    Also, why don’t the radical leftists who bitch about overpopulation volunteer to solve the problem.
I really like your viewpoint..you made me think about other options besides Single-family homes… When I turn the video on first I was close minded but thank God I watch till the end!..awesome job👏👏👏
I prefer having my backyard then sharing it with someone else
I don't agree with you I love single family homes and I hate multi family homes multi family homes is communism socialism
Instead of trying to change the American city layout. maby you should invest in some interior design :))))
You just mad you can't afford a house lol
You had me at “brother”
In addition to all that building materials are defective and have gotten much worse over the last 2 decades. Defective roofing, plywood, manufactured exterior wood, exterior paint, pressure treated lumber and the building lumber is all new fast growth sponge wood. It rots very quickly. I've repaired the 'new formula ' pressure treated that rotted completely thru 3 layers of 2×10 after only 8 years. Pro rated warranties are worthless. It is soooo good to be retired after nearly 50 years in residential construction. The supply side of building materials is a rotten scam. (No pun intended)
Has it ever occurred to anyone, people find our cities filthy, dangerous and dirty. You don't have to arm yourself to go downtown in the suburbs. I have family members who packed when going to the city center using mass transit. I've spoken with workers in the city center and their packing. Just watch the local news.
So strange how some Americans pretend like what we have going on Europe is so much better. I live in a German city and it sucks. You can hear people above you., bellow you outside. I’d 100% live in one of those suburbs. You’re telling me those videos of Amsterdam look less depressing that owning a massive stand alone home cmon. Plus driving to work definitely beats being packed into smelly subways with 1000 of others or cycling against wind in the rain. Only the rich get to live in walking distance to the nice things.
Great video, thank you!
I live in one of these suburbs where it takes me 30 mins to go any where. 1 hour in dead traffic. Single lane roads with two schools on one road. It's the only place where I could find a place to live during the housing crunch last year. It's so crowded, gas wasting, too many people. I waste my life in traffic. 1 year lease. I hate this place and will never go back ever
The amount of laws we abide by written by old, dead, white people who hadn’t a fraction of the knowledge we have today is astounding.
People idealize Western Europe, but there's a lot of negative in western European city life too. Noise pollution in apartments, overcrowding in the streets, cities become massive giant rat cages. Something you can't tell in pictures, is Paris having a strong stench of urine.  Junkies, weirdos and drug dealer in the streets are huge problem too. It's expensive to own a car and if you do, you'll be stuck in massive traffic jams or looking for parking spots. American suburbia is a dream for many around the world. During Covid people were gasping for air from their balconies, since then there's a mass movement from cities to suburbs. I guess the grass is always greener on the other side, but a huge aspect of the American dream is the big green lawn that many around the world will never own.
Idk as Somone who moved to LA from a nice Colorado suburb I miss it, some suburbs have malls and condos and apartments, built on the edge of rurual then as you go in it’s preserved fields and forest so they can’t build, in between the developments where bike paths with woods and it was much better than a city
Damn the suburbs in my city must be well thought out then, I live in the Philippines and some of the suburb in my city is in walkable/cycling distance to an urban location. Doesn't stop people from still using cars or motorcycles tho, roads and streets still suck in my city. I am forced to walk on the road due to the sidewalk being too small then some houses having plants sticking out their fences.
I could never live in a suburb or a apartment.  If I can’t pee out out back freely I don’t want to live there.
While I agree with the muli-family housing point holy s**t what a super stupid bleeding heart liberal jacka** point of view. How many times can you say racist?
I’ll keep my yard, and space, and commute, and vehicle, and because of the abundance of SF Housing I can afford it as a middle class person, thank you kindly.
Looking down at my waist area and saying "why is it so long?!?! Just make it shorter!!" is not something I've ever said.
A blessing of covid is the de-sanctification of "urban living".   People came to realize they don't want to live on top of each other.  It's not natural.  Urban areas are cesspools, but live there if you like.  To each, his/her own.  Freedom of choice.  We have dense cities.  We have suburbs.  We have rural areas.  Do what works for you.  God bless America.
I love the suburbs.  Efficiency is not the goal in housing.  It's not my goal.  Live in the cesspool city on top of each other if you like.  Not for me.
Il never get that 20 minutes of my life back! Stay in the city where you belong!
Suburbs 1000x > apartment bloc.
Excellent review of how zoning laws developed in the U.S.!  Unfortunately, the presenter's perspective is beholden to the nanny state mentality of clustering all citizens together, incentivizng state or local government provided mass transportation and limiting individual and family autonomy.  Instead of  attempting to compel people to live in less desirable, higher density conditions, Climate Town should be supporting energy autonomy for everyone of the approximate 84,000,000 single family residences in the United States.    Given the state of technology today (with individual solar photovoltaic panels now promising up to 500watts per 5' by 2' panel by 1st qtr 2023) and environmentally friendly lithium ferrous phosphate batteries now being mass produced to provide power during night and low sunshine periods, there is no rational reason that every middle class American should not be installing solar panels and lithium ferrous (not lithium cobalt) batteries in their single family home!   The reduction in carbon emission's under this scenario would easily meet the less than 1.5degree Celsius temperature rise mandate.  But alas, our republican representatives have sold their souls to the fossil fuel industry and our democrat representatives are all too eager to make us slaves to their provision of our essential needs.   Americans need to wake up and dedicate their lives to seeking autonomy in producing their own energy and being responsible for maintaining their own health .
a bag of beer is also a thing.
if WE make the government laws things will be so much better.   😂
Great video dude.
LOL enjoy being poor and stupid
Can't spell compartmentalized  without a partment.
We need smaller homes under $50k… screw zoning.
here is an upload of a 1960s documentary that highlights the same exact issues in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ivp442RLS8
Liberal bullshit propaganda
BB gun lol ? I shot shots with serious gun
Yeah we need human size cities
Nonsense !Love the suburbs hate the city's !
you can take that cram people like sardines bullshit and keep it
You liberals complain about America's population increases then fight to allow unlimited immigration at the same time. You're full of shit.
Ya, houses looked different in the 80’s, and you had a yard.
21 minutes of zoning laws?  oooo  count me in.......said nobody ever.
We have to stop thinking we are doomed because of us.  Scare tactics aren’t working because they perpetuate bad ideas like moving 500,000 lbs of earth to build a 1000 lbs battery and children not sustainably mining, nor is it environmentally friendly.
Why I am watching that
What an Elitist. Mao of Chinese Communist party systemically and deliberately murdered at least 68 million people, got rid of private property. The American Dream, and a Right ( vis a vis private property) to Pursue Happiness is Home Ownership. This War on Private Property is systematic also, and this Wanker talks like a Marxist. Losers always lower the bar,, freedom, and expectations. They institutionalize FAILURE, and institutionalize MEDIOCRITY, all to act out their anger on those of us to strive to improve, and be rewarded for our efforts, The Human Dream, if you will. Expect to see this guy at the next ANTIFA riot dressed in "black bloc". Don't like the Human Dream? Move to Cuba.
This whole video is GARBAGE. Ask people in Hong Kong how they living cramped together
I may be the outlier but paying 400k+ for a condo/apartment suite over an Aeropostale store isn't something that brings my joy. We could just as a society fix emissions by switching to better technology and force billionaires that own energy companies to actually spend on innovation instead of taking 17000% pay increases over the last 50 years
All I want is a small 2 bedroom 850 sq foot house and they just don’t make them any more. It’s usually a old house
Non-Euclidean zoning, everyone live in a klein bottle But for real, this kind of thing is eye opening. After living in an apartment for 4 years, I felt SUPER trapped, I hated having wall neighbors in what felt like a rat box. After moving back to my parent's place in the suburbs temporarily (thank you rent inflation) I was so excited to feel like I had space again. After maybe 2 months of it, I realized I felt just as trapped and was deeply confused. What were my plans for the future? How can I be happy if I hate living in what are essentially the ONLY TWO OPTIONS for housing in the US?? This video made it click for me though. It wasn't the space I was IN, it was the space AROUND them. Both locations had nothing that was within either a reasonable/safe walking distance. And I realized I took the last year at the apartments for granted. Because what did the apartment owners do in that last year? They had a plot of land out front that was essentially a field between the apartment complex and the highway it was near. They built what was essentially a (very) small strip mall and rented the spaces to local businesses; there were a few restaurants (sandwhich shop, pizza place, seafood place and wine bar), a dry goods store selling local produce from a few nearby farms, a dentist and medical clinic, a barbershop, and a petfood store. I was so caught up in how sick I was of apartment living in the middle of nowhere, only looking back do I realize how much it started to feel like a COMMUNITY. These places, were right out front of the apartments, like 30 second walk, they can't have been built without anything in mind other than primarily serving the apartment people specifically, and these places were almost entirely staffed by people who lived in the apartments. You started to recognize neighbors hanging out at the bar in the sandwhich place or in the drygoods store, people started using what was left of the field nearby to organize picnics, soccer matches, pet meetups. All it was missing was a small grocery store and I likely would have only ever had to drive anywhere to either get to work or go to the nearby county park. Now I'm back in the suburbs and miserable again because the only thing nearby is more endless rows of vinyl sided houses
Suburbs are harder to Nuke is the reason stated in another  YouTube video somewhere ( but can't find it) for all this Suburban Sprawl . And the Fed made this happen by the way they approved Home Loans.
you've clearly never seen the disgusting waste that is the indiana flatlands. We have plenty of space for suburbs. Propaganda.
He grew up in the suburbs but he says your kids shouldn’t be able to.
I grew up in a nice suburb with lots of trees, walking trails and shit. But I don't see the point of living in a house when they're packed in next to each other with no yards or privacy. It's like they built a bunch of house in a parking lot. At that point you're better off living in a proper city.
I wouldn’t wish a zoning meeting upon my greatest enemy…
hold on bag of milk you lost me
Funny at 3:56 he says its time to talk about america and plays an audio clip from the who
Awesome video! Good work! Continuing to tie the "nest egg" of retirement to the single family, stick built, detached house that grows in value (into infinity?) is another reason we won't see much movement on high-density housing!
garbage
bleading America dry of what?
You literally lost me in the first 60 seconds.  American population, like most of the western world will likely stagnate at best, but will more likely invert, just like all other advanced economies have already.  If it grows at all, it will be from immigration.
When the wealthier people spread out then criminals have to work harder to steal from them
4 minutes in, worlthless. Nice try, christ
Waa waa, these nice houses with awesome amenities aren't good enough for my bougie sensibilities, we must move into the pods immediately and eat the bugs so we can stop the sun monster, y'gotta believe me, it's gonna happen any day now guys
Population control and letting us purge would help.
Is the old zone laws written by Racist democrats like KKK ?
What about all the fucking crime?
I think this is an oversimplification of the issue. Plenty of people prefer SFH's because of the privacy and the benefit of having a yard/more space. It also makes like WAY easier if you have dogs or pets.
No one wants to live in the pod, and no one wants to take a step backward from owning a personal automobile to riding a dirty dangerous train full of criminal element types
Or everyone could be sheep as in NYC, LA, Chicago, Philadelphia, Camden, Baltimore, Washington DC, SF and other large, safe, wonderful large shooting galleries.
i dont think u can change this. the most common thing i hear from my fellow Americans is "i want to buy a house". buying a house is the end game goal. and no one wants a house RIGHT NEXT to their neighbor. if u got a house with land.... u need a car. and so on and so forth. i dont think at any point u will be able to convince an American, hey instead of buying houses in the burbs with land and space... buy one in Queens, NYC with only a 10sq ft backyard.... yea. nope
it's too late
Hey you can’t do Lone Tree, CO dirty like that they have busses and like 3 light rail stops. Possibly one of the more walkable subdivisions a lot of the clips were in too
Yeah, I also heard him say a bag of milk.
Maybe... reduce immigrations, refugees, close borders...? Will help a lot
solution - stop immigration. Case closed.
Create less humans, it is not complicated.
Good thing those cities are all good and we’ll now that the poor people live there
To silly of a video
I can tell you want to live vertically. Have at it boy
So the gov having too much power is at fault yet again for more of our problems
Awesome points but those cutaways are slightly brutal for me. Way too off topic. Would love if you had way less of those.
Quick question, which Netherland city does NJB live in? Why was it so appealing? What type of city is it?
I need to know where a city center is. After living outside the USA, I really miss the "center" the heart
If we had to build our own homes and grow are own food things would be simpler. Not “better” but simple
When someone stabs or shoots you in the city, you may find that exciting.  As for us, we love the safe, clean, low crime suburbs.
and no no new home owners can afford shit
Fine, but due to the close contact lets ban all speakers and require headphones only due to sound invading others space since most people have no respect for the rights of others like years ago. Then ban lockdowns as disease spread rapidly in crowded areas as everyone found out in COVID, respects rights as we take many away. If you want this type place they are available and many are empty.
Sure, let's coop everyone together in little boxes on top of one another where they can spend the rest of their lives indoors staring at four walls while listening what EVERYONE around them is doing with their shitty life and be miserable.    There's no way in hell that I'll EVER move to a city and live in an apartment. I need (garden) SPACE and PRIVACY and SILENCE and you don't get that outside of the countryside or suburbs.   Implement fucking birth control and population DECREASE. That way you don't have to indefinately find creative ways to split the cake amongst more people so that each and everyone of those people gets less and less.
there is no way in hell I'm living in a high density high tech wonderful apartment of architectural perfection. Smelly humans are smelly hoomons. I don't want to be surrounded by screaming lunatics downtown who will "Cecil" me to death... I love the suburbs and the smell of grass..You try living in Canada's downtown core... (the ones not filmed by Micheal Moore). It's full of crazies who want to gank me... even if I volunteer for them. Which I do OFTEN.
But yes, lets solve this buy mining for more ore to make electric cars! With slaves too! Get a brain, there's nothing building a couple apartments can do to fix your little "climate crisis"
Implement mandatory limits on breeding and having more than 2 kids.  This world has too many people already....
This was 100% shot in Utah.
NO YOU ARE A LIAR / WOKE = BROKE EDUCATED IDIOT !!! PEOPLE LIKE YOU ARE BLEEDING THIS COUNTRY DRY !!! TAKE YOUR CLIMATE CONTROL PROPAGANDA AND SHOVE IT UP YOU GLOBAL WARMING @$$ !!! LIAR !!! THE LEFT HAS DESTROYED THE CITIES NOW THEY WANT TO DESTROY THE REST OF THE NATION !!!
Racism and climate change..how predictable
The middle class is disappearing ,and it's getting so, a smaller percentage of people , can afford a home. Greedy corporations run the economy.
Having grown up in a densely packed city in Asia, I have to say that I am of the opposite opinion. I absolutely loved the suburb when I moved to the US and I still do. It feels like heaven to not have houses side by side and to have a sizable yard of your own.   But I do miss the home-front small shops and street food vendors by the sidewalks tho.
Are you aware that US CO2 emissions in 2021 were at 1987 level? Usa reduced their emission by a largest margin in the world by switching off coal.
my wife and I we live in a 2300 sq f house not including 8 feet high basement and we love it. We celebrate our comfortable life with   3 bags of milk a week. you can foolishly live in high rise and drink soy beverage thinking you make a difference.
Dutch cities and zones are overrated. They are not bad bud far from excellent. Greetings from Eindhoven
We have enough cities. Issue with the city is individuals who never want or will build skill sets that employers need there. Yet not move. Suburbs are awesome for families, specially children. Kids need access to nature and education.
Euclid, OH is a suburb of Cleveland, OH, not Chicago, IL.
Suburbs absolutely devastate any notion of "community" outside the housing project. You can't just walk downtown to the local park...that's devastating in and of itself. Keeping kids locked in cages that we call "subdivisions". Rush wrote a song about this in the 1980s, it's been a problem for half a century and I think it shows in our culture, especially online: the kids are totally disconnected from reality in the suburbs, so they act out online to get some sense of "raw existence".
Bad take.  People want to live in suburb's.  They do not want to live in high density housing.
Apartment buildings suck.    Last one I went into had a shootout.     Suburbs are the best.
I also live in Colorado, ended up buying a small detached two bedroom in 2008 for 15k. I feel fortunate. Heating bills are cheap. but they did build condos in our small town. 30 minutes from a big city works for me.
A number of your theses are incorrect. So I’m not waiting for yiur erroneous conclusions based on them.
You’re safe from being burned to the ground by climate change unless you’re talking about California wild fires tgat have been going on for centuries. I would recommend keeping that warm winter coat. You’re going to need it for summer in the future.
Take you are proponent of agenda 21 where people are forced to live in Urban developments where they can be easily controlled.Theres a reason people are leaving theses cities do to higher crime rates horrible school systems and higher real-estate prices to name a few.You do know that cities produce more Co2?
Don't worry, most of these new houses are going to fall apart in no time.
Soooo, fuck Ohio?
you funnay!
For Evry 2 houses built in mega subdivision, 1 house in weight of a house , goes in the garage bin.
Bags of milk are cool! Practical, cheap, and easy to dispose.
Ok, so we should all live in a shoebox in a concrete jungle for "efficiency". Which is why cities are commonly stereotyped as being safe, clean, and pollution free right?
You people are crazy. I love my single family home. In an apartment I had to listen to loud music, my neighbors kids jumping, dogs, loud ass exhaust systems, etc. I love driving my car to work. I don't have to fight for a seat or deal with smelly BO, or listen to crazy homeless people yelling randomness.
It’s because poor people live in apartments or condos and that means drugs and crime. Single family zoning is good.
i think people are kind of tired of this conversation it's high time changes are made.
People should have freedom of choice about housing. Boy I wish my community had single family housing only. The crappy apt buildings and shoehorned townhouses will look like crap in 20 years. I'm very suspicious about people like this thinking they can re-order society because of whatever little cause they're pushing.
I love long videos. But im a Millennial
I have better idea.  Reduce population growth.   All population growth causes pollution.   Don't blame zoning laws,  it's what people want.   In many states like mine, if a town does not have 20% low income housing, developers can legally bypass local zoning laws and put up what ever they want.    In Netherlands and Japan, land is at a premium - that's why the building density is higher.
Great video! "Bag of milk"! He must be Canadian, I thought. Totally a thing.
No Blacks make it worth it
There are places with single family homes in europe that are still walkable and pleasant. There are big apartment-filled areas that are lifeless and awful. I don't think density is necessarily the most important thing to consider. In the UK groceries are just more spread out with a lot of small co-ops, and there's a lot more infrastructure specifically for walking - walking paths and trails, pedestrian bridges, tunnels, etc.
Great video, just one more topic the anti-woke crowd doesn't want people paying attention to. Keep 'em coming!
Whatever .. We have to make the change from a consumer society to a society based on needs.
Actually, only eastern provinces in Canada use milk bags — it’s a massive country. Peace from the west side.
There's a lot of people that don't want anything to do with stairs it's called the aging and old I'm only 47 and I refuse to buy a house with stairs
It depends on how insulated your house is we have 900 square feet or electric bill was only 60 something dollars last month this is 2022
People don't want to live in high density areas, thats whey they move to the suburbs. To escape the high density environments. If you are worried about the population expanding, maybe rethink your open borders?
We used to be able to leave our doors unlocked and there was less than zero crime before desegregation
Did this mf just say a bag of milk
People don't want to live in crowded cities 'cause cities don't work: -You Leftists abandoned the rule of law so your cities are crime-ridden s***holes. -You Leftists tax anything that stops moving for more than a second in your s***hole cities. -Anyone who doesn't like this is "raysisssst!"
Bag of milk is perfectly normal 🙂0.5 litres of fresh milk everyday. What's weird is consuming a can of stale milk for 1 week 😄😄
so glad I grew up in a streetcar suburb,I was able to walk to town, walk to school and take the train into the city
kill the climate  vs live next to some fuckin lunatic dipshit........yea  ill keep my house  and kill the climate and away from dumb ass people ,you can live like a buncha commies  ass to ass like china
"As the American population expands" I wonder where all these people are coming from? I'm sure they are immigrating legally right?
LOL City life sux's the life out of you.
Isn't it a little racist to assume everyone older than you is racist.?
Clearly this guy has never been to a Kwik Trip
I really don't see the point in living in a house if you practically don't have a yard. In that case you could as well live in a apartment, it has a lot of peks and it's way more efficient in every way.
Just to say,  I was in jail for the first time in my life 3 days     At breakfast we had a bag of milk.  I was shocked didn’t know there was Mille in a bag!!
Or how about this: Use contraception, get the human population back down to under a billion (especially reducing it in the richer, high consumption countries), and then we can whatever we damn well please? Why does the USA HAVE to add another 100 million people? Seems like a very poor idea.
Reckon you want us crammed in cities like a pack of rats seems you could care less about liberty  so piss off
Bottled milk doesn’t stack either.
so... you had all the advantages of growing up in a suburb,  but you want to deprive other people of that?  here's an alternative - if you don't like living in the suburbs... you don't have to live there
rather live in a trailer than a condo.........nice try groomer........
Is there something wrong with wanting to live around people like yourself that have common values 😊
Beyond excellent video. I've been researching places to retire and see many communities are the single family home arrangements. Not very helpful for older folks. One thing not touched on was how nature is being destroyed. Look at places down south where the population is booming and you'll read stories about how things that have been around for centuries are being ripped up for a housing or business development. That plus the climate implications are really messing up the charm of what those communities were before expansion. The race and wealth issues throughout the country highlighted in the video are also disturbing. Sometimes progress is actually regress.
I’ve been a builder for the last forty years, your preaching to the choir. Developers and builders have been fighting this battle for decades!
I’d be absolutely pissed if someone were to install a section 8 high-rise behind my homestead the laws in place for a reason. It keeps America from looking like Eastern Europe.
Single family because that’s what people want.
Yeah build high-density housing. You also get high-density crime, shitty schools, and your drug dealer is so close. By the way, you eluded to people in the suburbs as racist. Thank for making me laugh.
I'm a city guy - and aspire to live in a big city - but it's hard to beat the suburbs for raising kids.  Safe environment, parks everywhere, kids riding bikes to school.  It's great.
I love the idea of your channel, but these comedy skits just do not work for me.  I am totally clicking "I do not want to see this content"
Whoooooooa Belmar...I'd forgotten all about Villa Italia, I used to go there all the time as a kid. The best shop there was actually the Nintendo Zone, btw...it closed down around 92ish...but that place was rad.
Quiet suburban life is a good life.
❤
INDY  WRESTLER  POSE IN THE THUMBNAIL  🤣
Sorry "dude", but it's a bunch of nonsense! People by and large, prefer to live in SFR, this is a fact, not an opinion like the ones you express here. Now, there is no doubt that living in an apartment is cheaper, often safer (Specially for those old "dudes), etc. but owning or living in a single family home is preferable for privacy reasons (I don't need to hear the asshole above me banging his wife, or their teenage son playing the drums at 3am in the morning) So, no. Young families prefer to live in a single family home if... They can afford it!
All these houses SUCK… there is suckage.  What & why do they suck?  Where – is not hardly applicable.  Who?  Are you?  When… and do it again.  The suckage is in and of the mind.  Bodhi = “awakening,” & “enlightenment”… in Buddhism.  The (A?) final Enlightenment is an end to the cycle of transmigration and leads to Nirvāṇa, or spiritual release.  (1) The experience is comparable to the Satori of Zen Buddhism in Japan.  (2) The accomplishment of this “awakening” transformed Siddhārtha Gautama into a Buddha (an Awakened One).  The final Enlightenment remains the ultimate ideal of all Buddhists, to be attained by ridding oneself of false beliefs and the hindrance of passions leading to an attachment to the senses.  This is achieved by following the course of spiritual discipline known as the Eightfold Path.  Mahāyāna Buddhism, while embracing this ideal, places a high valuation on the compassion of the bodhisattva (one whose essence is bodhi)… who voluteers to postpone his/her own entrance into Nirvāṇa in order to work for the salvation of all sentient beings.  (“With thanks that I have the skill of knowing how to swim… I vow to save all others who have yet to acquire the skill.”)
What is a bag of milk
Bro, you CO?  I remember Villa Italia.
This may come as a shock to you, but lots of people like living in the suburbs.  Those who don't can move closer in to town.
Hey Rollie, what are you living in now?
Who the hell wants to live on top of each other….   F that.   Keep your cities
I lived in a one bedroom condo for 19 years  (owned a 2nd condo as an investment for 10 of those years). The condos exorbitant maintenance fees, noisy neighbors, and higher crime rate are why I now live in a single family home. High density housing isn't really all that great.
Not all of us want to live in a densely populated area.
I didn't think it was possible to make the most boring topic in the world (zoning) interesting, but you did.  Having said that, after 15 years of living in a dense urban environment that is walkable (portland, OR) and now living in a suburban single family house, as well as having lived in Amsterdam, I think I'll stick to my nice 2400 sq ft single family house.  Maybe the breeders should stop popping out 2-3 babies if we really want to stop societal collapse.
The suburbs have little to do with Climate change. We can go renewable green, zero carbon; but not with the current collective administration. Go full throttle on Nuclear to phase out fossil immediately. This will buy us 40 years to phase in renewable carbon free power, and update the electrical infrastructure.   If climate was such an issue, it would have been tackled legislatively decades ago, when the fake Indian actor shed a tear on T.V. Plastic and fossil interests are lobbied in D.C. There is countless money devoted to the preservation of corporate interests; so much that you won't see change, until the "commoner" wakes up from their Social Media coma and pays attention to who's screwing who.
I moved to the suburbs to escape inner city violence
A lot of dense, urban neighborhoods that we once thrived in are decaying wastelands today. Safety,not greed or racism has created sprawl.
Actually, I don't want to live near neighbors. I DO NOT WANT TO SHARE WALLS OR SEE MY NEIGHBORS. I live in the suburbs and couldn't move away from NYC fast enough. F that. Detached single family, ranch, on 5 acres, away from people, off-grid preferred. Thanks
I also heard that the population is supposed to drop. So what is it? Will it go up or down?
Growing up and living in the greater Minneapolis area, I have noticed the massive amount of multifamily dwellings being built. While these provide homes for people to live closer to the city, it doesn't really solve the driving aspect as areas are still not built for walking. This leads to much greater population density, congested roads, and unsightly neighborhoods. Imagine blocks of single family homes and then  a 10 story apartment complex. Stores aren't being erected in these neighborhoods to make them walkable, and cars are still needed to get to work. This solves a housing issue, but not necessarily the climate saver it's being sold here as.
Go screw yourself. I love the suburbs, not everybody wants to be packed like sardines in dense skyscraper jungles or live in Condos. The single family zoning is there because that is what people want, I don't know of any single family home owner who's ok with an apartment complex being built near their house. Home ownership increases wealth and reduces your tax burden. Neighborhoods where majority of people own their detached single family homes are safer than then places with lots of rental units. People who don't own property don't give a damn about other people's property. And FYI, my local grocery store is a 5 minute walk from my house. You're full of crap.
hulk hogan was seriously anti union and got jesse ventura fired for wanting the wwf superstars to unionize
Are you joking?  the suburbs have saved this country.  The Cities are the place bleeding America dry with all the free handouts.  Who do you think is paying all the taxes?
This guy needs to hit a punching bag and stay in California.
Just wait until cities start to rezone single family neighborhoods to duplexes. Every  neighborhood I've ever seen that had duplexes were absolute sh!t. Wouldn't want to live where the original zoned (anticipated) population essentially doubles by rezoning.
I used to in awe seeing people work in most professions but I found out that most people are awful in their free time and 99% of the time have no clue what they're talking about or doing, so hard to figure out if you should give a (F) I'm not even american so I dont know why I am watching this video.
man , why you shitting on the dork show , it's the best
Yawn. This garbage you're spouting is a big part of the reason why people want single family homes. I like my privacy. I enjoy my radio hobby which your utopian garbage does not permit. Oh yeah...climate change is bullshit.
No point crying over spilt bags of milk! 😁
they are poorly made and too close together. not to mention HOAs
Suburbs > Apartments. I will never live an an apartment again, fucking miserable.
Is the US really going to have 100 million more people in 30 years?  That sounds crazy.
another left cultist with his "you will live in a pod, eat bugs and own nothing" idea. You can live in smallest pod possible, just don't try to ruin other people's life.
I felt the 2 hour bus rides to work in my soul. I don't get any sleep anymore because I work 12.5 hrs and 4.5 hrs on the bus in a 24 hr span. 🙃 it's just dumb.
Oh wow, did this guy really just tell his audience about his master's degree? Gotta give that piece of paper some value?🤣
When you don't understand price theory and also subscribe to critical justice, this video is extremely convincing to you. Yet there are so many reasons people demand suburbs, but don't try to search for its benefits on YouTube. Does money talk or does it not? How many people invest their hard earned money in housing in the terrible suburbs?
We should just never leave our houses to completely maximize our carbon efficiency! Case closed!
People need to live in soviet tenement housing!  Said no one.  Get over it
I would love high density housing if Americans knew how to live responsibly amongst other people and if American landlords weren't so fucking predatory. Between neighbors being so filthy that their roaches make their way to my apartment, other neighbors having loud ass parties until 3 and 4 in the morning, landlords traipsing into my apartment unannounced (illegal, but the burden of proof is on me so nothing is done), etc. Etc... I moved to a standalone house and I have no bugs, good night's sleep, privacy. I would have considered a condo if i went going to be condemned to having neighbors like the people in my apartment buildings
OK, so if we live all crammed together in massive high rises like China we'll own nothing and be happy. America is not Europe or China or Japan nor should it be. Please save me from do gooders like this man. Yes, most suburbs are boring but I don't want to bow down to the Soros/Fuchs mob.
Buying a bag of milk? 13:50 lol  Edit Hahahahahahha
Stellar information, the presentation was even higher because you're really funny.
That's cool, but honestly I'd rather live in my own house an drive everywhere than in a apartment where I have to deal with other people
The idealized view of the built environment you’re advocating for is well suited to out of control population growth, and a homogenized culture curated entirely on an urban mindset 🏢 founded on disconnection from things like where your food 🍱, energy, and goods come from. And while I agree that human cattle 🐄🐄🐄 should live in dense urban dwellings with shared walls, the area around the human cattle yards will produce the food to allow said cattle to live their stylish little lives 👨‍🎤, entirely blinded to the inherent footprint that extends well beyond the sheltered urban lifestyles. Electricity ⚡️, water 💦, water treatment 🚿 , food, any type of fuel ⛽️, and materials 🪵 to live in these environments isn’t coming from those living in the environments your bent positions as the virtuous right. The urban planning process has all of the flaws you’ve addressed, but in places like Colorado that are enduring an exponential population growth pattern 📈 driven entirely by people from urbanized environments from all over the country, what you get is a manifestation of a built environment from everywhere the migrants are coming from, thereby driving demand for the kinds of spaces that feel safe and familiar 🏡🏘🏭🏚. Overall, this video stinks of hypocrite urbanite transplant 💩 💨 👃 — Money says that you’re a transplant from the east coast or Midwest, and you’ve created demand for urban environments here in Colorado. I also bet you have absolutely no real understanding of the systems outside of your cattle barn (apartment) 🏫 that have made your presence here possible - everything from your food to your jacket 🧥 to the electricity you use to operate your computer 💻. Last jab 🥊; Love how you showed an overly dense forest burning 🔥 and tied it to climate change, completely ignoring that fire suppression regimes that allowed that forest stand to get too dense is actually the leading variable in why that stand 🌲🌲🌲🔥 burned as a crown fire, with the impacts of climate change likely being a very minor variable driving that fire. The age of misinformation is live and well, and this video pours the misinformation on thick. All hail the age of social media and giving the wrong people a voice… 👎👎
13:29 literally my old neighborhood! a mix of condos, apartments, single family homes...
High density housing sucks. People living stacked on top of each other is terrible. The recent pandemic and lockdowns are the proof.
Actually it's the cities that are bleeding the suburbs and America dry. Take Illinois and Chicago for example. Most of the taxes people pay go to entitlement programs for the inner city indigent, and the downstate and suburban tax payer gets very little for their taxes. That's why for years the people in the central and southern part of the state have been calling for secession, to have Chicago be a separate state from the rest of Illinois. This concept of the "suburbs bleeding the cities and the country dry" is a typical Saul Alinsky, Rules For Radicals, playbook myth. It's a ploy, to get or force people to give up their land and move back to the cities where they can pack people high and tight into high-rise tenements, like in China, while the leftist establishment commandeers for their oligarchical selves all the suburban and rural farmland. Much of any wealth that the working and middle class has, is comprised of millions of suburban and rural Americans owning land, and a home on it, or farmland. Land is freedom. It's been a fundamental precept of being truly free for centuries. You're a damn fool if you support the ruination of the suburbs.
I live in CA, and I'd prefer to live in a single, detached house. I'd rather drive and buy milk, I do it weekly anyways. problems with condos/apartments are some people are too loud, some use drugs and pimp girls, some love to party, and some are too nosey. this is scary especially when you have kids. you consolidate these people in one city and you'll see how a place will rot(LA, SF, NY, Phoenix, Billings). about RACISM, everyone, whatever color your skin is, can buy any house as long as they have the money. fair game right? I'm not white btw. what's right for you may not be right for me. I'm tired of this racism shit being used over and over again, it's 2022 man, move on.
All your ideas sound expensive on a recurring monthly basis and don’t let me build equity. You must be a property manager.
Nah, leftist propagandists think degenerate cities are a healthy place to raise children.
That's a nice coat.
it is good and bad to live in a city  I'm from a small town and honestly cant stand cities too many people too much going on/ people that want to live in a city should go there the once want to have some space should stay in burbs.
If those houses suck so much why are millions of illegals crawling in to take them?
In any major city in Europe this is the situation right now. Everyone living pack in a city sharing and apartment with 2 or 3 more mates in order to been afford rent. For those who manage to find something they will probably spent half of his salary to have the privilage of living on a walking distance.
I live in Greece. I hate how everyone lives in apartments with no privacy. America’s SFD housing is a so much more ideal form of living. Will people live in apartments if you make them? Yes. Are they happy doing so? Not in my experience. Even French, Portuguese, etc. Really wish they had more space.
Bravo pour votre vidéo qui est une des plus pédagogiques que j'ai trouvé sur l'impact de la maison individuelle pavillonnaire sur le climat. En Europe, nous avons les mêmes difficultés puisque nous imitons le modèle américain.
BS. Pure BS.
lol puss
God controls the climate.
Inner city living is soul sucking.  F that.
Not a believer in the climate change religion.
Maaaaaan this is such a good video, and its actually funny af! Great way to spread the truth about suburbia
bag of milk - more ecofriendly than packaging
Suburbia in America are beautiful places to live. Take your socialist bullshit elsewhere.
Cookie cutter urban sprawl is awful in my opinion. I much rather enjoy the idea of housing above, open to the public retail spaces, as well as having local joints to just hang out and relax: i.e. pubs, cafes, parks, museums, etc.
I agree with the sentiment but I will never live somewhere where I don't have my own yard.
America suburbia looks ugly, for some strange reason walkable and lively places seem more fun to be in and it is not a shopping mall in an American suburb.  For some strange reason the farther away you get from the city center in America the less fun the city become and that means it is less walkable.
I love fossil fuels.
These poor people have to live right next to someone they may like or not. Many of these neighborhoods lonely. People don't talk to each other. Not many trees and hot. These houses start at,250,000.00. To over a million dollars. Many are in bad shape financialy,and it takes every dime,just to stay in that 30 yr. payment.
I _enjoyed_ watching this video 💕😄💕, _plus_ , you are FUNNY. 😂
To bad he misst
What a terrible take . Zoning changes all the time. There are high density developers too, not just single family developers. It's simply a supply & demand issue. Most people prefer suburbia over high density housing, and that's all there is to it. Money talks, BS walks. Feel free to live in an apt or condo if you wish. Forcing everyone into your idealistic way of living? No thanks, little Stalin.
Slow imagration levels.  Problem solved.
Sooooo, yea, the cities are run by the LibTards for the most part and there are mass movements out of the cities. There is plenty of the room in the cities but folks dont want to live there. PS if you want to cry about climate change remember that until you get Russia, China, SE Asia and Africa to clean up they're acts nothing we do here is going to amount jack shit.
This guy needs to move to NYC where they’ll have everything he both desires and deserves.
Oh, you're a climate nutter... greeeaaaat. Every prediction you make about the climate ends up wrong but that does not stop you from pushing your nonsense.   Why we should all live in giant ass buildings instead of a home with a yard because of your fake claims of racism? People totally want to live in a shoe box stacked on top of other shoe box because you for whatever reason think it will magically save the environment, just like you think man adding .008% co2 to the atmosphere will kill the environment despite you being 99.99% wrong.
And they won't let you build a tiny home. Too small for any substantial taxes on low-cost housing. It is much better for them if they are $300-$400K or more. Not everybody wants to live in a city, especially with remote work. Imagine how far your city salary could go if you owned your home outright or in just a few years. They also get higher taxes on highrise apartment buildings in cities.
Here in California we have doubt year round but the state continues to build these ugly suburban homes by the thousands. Remember it's global warming is the reason for water shortage, not houses being built by the hundreds of thousands.
The problem has to do with the corporate world share your payment on your house is small but when you get done paying for everything that it takes to do the house you're paying thousands a month. Or you move into an apartment and pay thousands a month just for the apartment either way you're getting gouged
Focus on increasing your protein intake. Happy families having a home to sleep in should be the LEAST of your personal concerns 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Big cities suck.  Smell like sour milk and feet.
How about don't let USA expand? Lockdown borders. Simple...
I just want big government people to leave me alone.
Sounds like a marketing scheme so people are content to live on top of each other like sheep so a few large corporations can make as much profit as they can as far as population growth most of the world is declining
F cities , ❤ suburb life.
Another post whining about private housing and climate change. Let people choose how they want to live, be it in densely stacked city apartments or in quiet suburbs. In fact, your preference may change several times during your life time, both lifestyles have their pro's and con's
I can’t stand when houses are built right next to each other. You can’t do shit without having your neighbors bitch and complain about the noise you make or how late you are outside.
1)Some of us don't want to be stacked up in boxes on each other 2)I can tell by your Gaccent, you eat up the climate change narrative hook line and sinker.  3) Don't move to the burbs if you don't have a car.  The lack of bus lines also help keep the shit out. 4) Urban environments are safe, comfortable and good to be in?  Bro stop smoking rocks
Thanks!
the hulk hogan part made me laugh so much i paused it and watched that part like three times. now my stomach hurts
Just stay in your overpopulated criminal cesspools riddled with homeless and leave the suburbs alone. 😂 (btw, not all suburbs are in the middle of nowhere, ours has 200,000 people and plenty of entertainment)
The more dense a population is, the worse the quality of life. Public transportation only brings crime. Keep it away from our safe suburbs.
Our entire city is a suburb. No reason to leave because we have every business you could think of within a 10-15 minute drive. No crime, an educated population thats generally upper class, no trash on the streets, great schools. It really is like a Utopia. No public transportation bringing in lower class criminals. Best of all, our homes are affordable. 3,000-4,500 sqft homes are very common here.
I walk and ride the bus everywhere I go. It's easy enough.
A bag of milk is more economical and Climate friendly so take that!
In Vancouver however, there are strata fees which has started rising . It’s reaching to 400 500 cad . This really adds a lot to the mortgage price as well . The resale value reduces a lot since you are buying a property that is burning your pocket because of just maintenance.
living in a big city with a bunch of animals? no thanks
Something about suburbs bothers me.  The way the houses are arranged is too close to the way tombstones are arranged.  I just can't live like that, no pun intended.  I'm not a tombstone house kind of guy.
Dig bro say buying a BAG of Milk!?
bro where do you live damn thats a far walk i can name some US suburbs closer that you could move to thats only like a 3 minute bike ride to something like a dry cleaners or restaurant
Sounds like a good argument to stop illegal immigrants from entering the country.
There is also growing homelessness and an affordable housing crisis I don't think more 250,000 houses is the answer
After now living in a home now, I do miss being able to walk to the corner store, having a park for my kids to play right outside my door, and meeting neighbors at the dog park. I didn’t realize being the master of my domain also meant that the HOA would be policing my yard, too.
High density brings high crime in the US.  No thanks.
You are solid wrong on so many levels and things,  actual facts.  What agenda are you proposing  ? America is about rugged individualism  not collective bs. Go somewhere else and start your utopian fantasy.
i can't live on top of people and dont like people living above me! i feel we need mini cities attached to the suburbs and just a better plan! also alot of the new energy efficient tech need to released! We dont have all of the info or access we need to create a better living situation. skyskrappers will block out the sun and cause more living congestion!
Dude I was wondering where the hell I recognized you from.... And realized you're one of my favorite billiard content creators. So cool!!
Man, you’re presentation skills were so entertaining. I laughed during a zoning info video. You got a subscriber out of me.   Also, I didn’t even know public zoning meetings were a thing. So I learned that, too.
Invest into an electric bike, the best mode of transportation. I own 4 now.
Yalls ego is destroying America sir.
Sure, just make everybody live in huge cities made of huge gray blocks of flats. Let countryside become fly-over-country even more.
My republican co workers would be seething watching this video. Lol
After this video, I’m going to burn for car tires
Buy land and get some cows.
So cool to see someone actually using their degree! Congrats 🎉
You ignore the fact that in the US we’re not a homogeneous population and the truth is we don’t actually all get along or even like each other, all races culture self regulate here. Let’s stop pretending only white people don’t like others. Our country is huge it is not a tiny country like Japan also homogeneous, they can and do get along with each other. Besides some of us want our own homes to raise our families, we want our own yard we want the peace and quiet as well as the safety of a suburb. We love our cars and guess what is great when our kids go off to college or work they can go live in the cities which are turning to multi use neighborhoods so like our food choices in America we got it all everywhere, don’t worry we’ll right thé ship don’t forget how young our govt is…sadly being run I to the ground by a bunch of old white guys trying to take us back to the beginning 😂 with our politics.
What's wrong with wanting a white neighborhood? Some people like to be safe.
I'm sorry to tell you this but you sound like a liberal that lives in the city and doesn't know the meaning of hunting for your own food or finding a way to take care of yourself without calling the electric company.  suburbs are a heck of a lot better to live in than any dirty,  smelly,b crowded City.  dude it sounds like you had gender ratification when you were in school.
A bag of milk is much better for ecology, then a tetrapak! Person, who points so much on an ecological aspect should know that.
We need to stop building new suburbs, but suburbs need to vote blue, drive electric cars, decarbonize their heating and cooking.
Leftists want to crowd you into cities. That way you are easier to control. Besides, the elites need that land for themselves.
Of course, single family zone has to do with the ideological perspective of buildig cristian capitalist america. While the soviets made their urbanism about colective building and public transportation, making practicaly every microdistrict a self contained city, America chose to pursue it's view of the nuclear family each one with it's own car as a fit to conservative values that shaped America.
“Everyone loves apparments, go get one”   No this is a terrible idea, how can I have my single family home if there isn’t any left! Build a fuck ton more!
If you are continu believing in climate change,you are also gonna get disappointment in the future!
I like to call them milk bladders
What an awesome video
My small town is only 5 minutes from my job in a straight shot on the highway, the problem is there are 5 traffic lights on the freeway which end up making my trip up to 15 to 20 minutes, because so many roads  cut through the freeway and most of them take you into suburbs well outside town. I’ve never experienced this in any other country I visited… American transit planning is awful. We don’t even half bus or trams, I have no option but to drive ,
Sorry, couldn't disagree more.  High density living is horrible, suburbs are excellent.  It just depends on your perspective.  If you love being shoulder to shoulder with millions of strangers, always afraid of being mugged, living in cramped quarters with no backyards, no independence, no peace and quiet, then high density life is for you.  If you enjoy peace and quiet, then no.  At my Surburban house I don't have to walk to a park to BBQ a brisket in a 10 ft by 10 ft allotted space, surrounded by dozens if not hundreds of other BBQ spaces, I can BBQ in my backyard patio, in quiet comfort.  I can read a book under the shade trees, enjoying the sounds of birds and squirrels.  In a high density location, all I hear is car horns, people, people, people.   If my kids want to play football, there is plenty of room in the side yard, no need for them to hike to a park somewhere.    If you can design a mixture of high density and suburb, say a suburb with plenty of bike trails, nearby stores, parks, etc, that are within easy walking distance, under manicured trees, please do so.  But I think you'll find that it will be difficult to maintain store profitability unless either people can drive to them or they are surrounded by high density apartments.  Having a requirement that everything you need be within walking distance reduces the customer to store ratio to a low level, and therefore a low profit level.  Adding public transportation to increase the ratio sounds great on paper, but I've lived in that environment and in general public transportation both sucks and is dangerous.  The nearest equivalent are small country towns, but you know what is common to those town?  Low income, low standard of living.   I can see people being raised in high density places loving it, because it is what they are used to, and they've learned to ignore the downsides to high density living, but to me such a place is hell on earth.
This is a tall order, a very tall order. Will take decades (30 years) to get the policies put in place let alone developing and planning.  By that time its too late.
Thanks for the video. It’s very informative and changes some of my existing views which were not ideal for climate.
WHY PEOPLE DON'T TAKE CARE ABOUT A BACK YARD AND PRIVACY NO MORE  I MEAN THESE NEW HOUSES BE AN ARM LENGTH apart
As a mexican i can say, those are generally safer as they are so far away from anything, ussually rich people or retirees love them as normally they have a car and dont like to walk, I despise them, everything is so far away and there is nothing to do if you want to walk. But they are safer
The reason people live in the suburbs and the country is to get away from people who quote New York Times articles and tell them how to live. They like those people in the city, far away. Hope that helps.
No idea what that guy said after "bag of milk"-- totally threw me off. So happy you looked into that!
Why are people trying to sell the idea of condensed living areas? Climate, sustainability, their own agenda/preferences, to argue against home ownership? Why did millions leave the cities and move to the suburbs and country during the pandemic? If you like the city, live there. If you like the suburbs, live there. Should the suburbs be more pedestrian/bicyclist friendly and self contained, probably, but it doesn’t mean we should all move into a tiny home 2 feet from our neighbors.
10:31 should be "5 side" (including roof)
Ordinary Chinese are dying for such suburbs. It is better if people can have their own backyards or something other than HAVE TO living in tiny apartments in some super tall buildings.
If you really believe America is the most racist place in the world, you clearly have not been outside of America,  or even spent a second of research on the practice around the world. Not too bright. Imagine if you actually focused on the topic at hand instead of virtue signaling. Pathetic.
True story: I'm talking to a city planner in Carbondale, IL in about 2015. There's a trailer park in our neighborhood that is run by a slum lord, and I'm looking to start a tiny house community on some land our church owns in the neighborhood. The planner is sympathetic, but points out how the trailer park slum is what they're trying to prevent more of and, while it's grandfathered in, my suggestion is illegal according to the zoning. I ask why can't we just stipulate a minimum rent cost and he says 'That would be classist. We can't stipulate money, but we can stipulate size, so we use size to keep poverty housing from being built.'
You couldn't pay me to live in  dense city housing.
OMG Villa Italia and Cinderella City! I remember those.
Thank you for making this long ass video! You made me laugh 3x in the first 5 minutes, so you earned yourself a sub. Guess I'm a resident of Climate Town now.
YES! YES! YES!  I buckled at "bag of milk" too!  SUBSCRIBED!
We don't need apartments, condos, duplexs, or houses.. we need population control!!
The panel walls are nostalgic..
Cool
I dont want to live in high density housing because I don't want to be near liberal asswhipe tyrants trying to tell me what to do.   And crying about racism and global warming.  Where I live now in Southern California,  I have just a 1 acre lot but I never have to talk to leftists and if they try to come on my property to tell me what to do, I get to shoot them with something larger than a bb gun.   So you go stay in your lame ass high density zoned walking neighborhoods amd cry about global warming and racism and I'll stay in the suburbs amd continue to ignore you poofts
You don't have to worry about suburbs expanding across the US. What will expand are affordable housing units, basically, super cheaply made apartments which are designed to store the unwashed masses.. that's your future.   The US is a deflating balloon, and the suburbs are a byproduct of the middle class, which is rapidly shrinking. And, on top of that, if the current housing market is any indicator of what troubles we'll see in the future, big houses will not be built en masse unless the process becomes radically cheaper or radically different.. So, you don't have to worry about boring suburbs, because people will be stacked on top of each other.. want to hear every conversation the neighbor to your left is having? You will. Want to hear the neighbors to your right getting into a fight, ending wit the cops showing up? You will. On top of that crime rates will skyrocket, because that's also what happens in these buildings.   So, goodbye boring ol' suburbs and hello people packed on top of each other, with no privacy, no comfort, no ownership and no future.
What happens when we run out of land?  Either we're looking at immigration legal and illegal or  population control like China
How will I or anyone, start a garage band in a place like this? My trumpet and drums practice would disturb everyone and hinder my creativity.
I’ve got a solution! Let’s strip everyone of their few remaining civil rights and assets and throw them into high density pod housing while the elites keep flying private jets to climate conferences to pat themselves on the back for pulling off the perfect scam…
Why would I want to be crammed into high density housing. I like my half acre suburban lot with a pool.  Its what most people want.
Population density is equal to governmental oversight and increased radicalism.   Nice propaganda dude. 🙄
The opposite title: Urban Life is Turning Europe into a Retirement Home.   Urban life is not suitable to raise children. There is no space for them to play. Putting them into a condo is similar to imprisoning them. City life is also not cheap... Adults aren't dumb. They then have fewer and fewer kids after generations
People don't want to have childrens and live for themself and consuming, that is the only problem. Childrens would make all this places alive and fun
Went to a US suburb once after living in cities all my life. It was depressing. And you have to drive hours to get to anywhere interesting.
Great work. Unfortunately.... 🫤 Mmmmm ........... .......... .... .. Where to start? 😞
If you want to pack most americans into small apartments to be ecologically efficient, please distribute some "soma" to those individuals as they will need it. It is obvious that these "Big house, free thinking, creative" individuals need to be put down. OK enough of the sarchasm. Sorry!  I live in a small bedroom community in a  single family un-attached home. I'm going to a city council meeting to try and lessen the damage a recently approved 300 person apartment complex will do to our local property values. I'm all for trying to be ecologically sound but believe the root problems with our society are more about overpopulation and rampant globalization. I am in fact within walking distance of retail, medical and other businesses (under 2 kilometers) but do agree more public transportation to semi-rural areas would be useful. Yes I try to be pragmatic in these views but that doesn't mean I should be forced to accommodate those who aren't. That's my .02 worth
Turning pristine farm & grassland/pasture land into suburbs is nothing new.  It's been happening since I was a kid in the 1970s & I am sure it didn't start with my birth.  America has really fucked this up.  If we were actually raising cattle on prime grassland & farming on pristine farmland... we could afford to eat.  & eat well.  Yet, "we" continue to go right ahead & destroy it... because people want pretty views & big houses (& apparently zoning laws).
Funny story. My debate coach in high school was also on the metro council. We talked about "the Urban growth boundary" a LOT. Constant fight between people who wanted to sprawl and people who said "No, we need this farmland". It's a frustrating side of Urban Planning.  Bikes suck though, not because of the bikes, the pilots forget that they are vehicles. And hit pedestrians and think that's not a hit and run.
Come to New England.  I'm in CT and a lot of the suburbs are defined by old farm land that got divided and sold off.  My road is actually a Private Road that was exactly that in the middle of town.  My city, Stamford, used to be a collection of smaller townships each with their own Zipcode and post office.  Not until after WW2 did they all combine.  There is still a section of town named after what the Native Tribe called the area.
I love single detached family homes because I grew up in a detached home. and It was always driven into us as kids that if you dont own your land then you will always pay or be trespassing on someone elses land. Thats why owning was always my target. Condos are good too especially for low income people. But owning land is more important for  folks who still have not even gotten a foot hold in this country yet. Even thought im a born here American and so were my parents and their parents, my family still have not really gotten a foot hold here. I couldn't tell you who the heck my great great grand dad or grand mother was so you can see how a lot of black folks are literally just starting off. Im 34 and just now being able to break out of poverty a little. Bought my first house 4yrs ago. My mom lost her house when my father died due to not being able to handle all the bills alone. So there is no generational house land or wealth and im most definitely looking to change that!
This video, like almost every video, misses the most important point. I don't want people near me.  So I'll continue to live in very spread out, wide open areas.
https://youtu.be/GYnXiBbzVHs
Living in high density areas is not good for mental health. Japan and Hong Kong a case in point. Noise pollution, light pollution, cramped spaces, lack of privacy are all bad for mental health.
I live in Europe - we have BUS FARE for those who do not have a car. I grew up in apartment my only dream all my childhood and younghood was TO LIVE IN A DETACHED HOUSE. So stfu
This sure makes me happy I live in Alaska. Most problems that the lower 48 have just don't exist here. We might as well be a different country lol.  Depending on a city to survive is essentially an alien concept to us haha. Yes we do have cities, highways, and even a spaceport, but they are not seen as a civilized place to live, much the opposite actually. Cities are seen as a place were culture and humanity goes to die.  That is in large part because our state is the size of western Europe and this state has no equal in its ruggedness. Alaskans also treat fellow Alaskans as family so we function as a better culture than cities do. Also city folk are seen as inept because Alaskans are a do it and fix it yourself culture...on steroids. Its not uncommon to find yourself over 200 miles from Walmart or any basic shopping. So you had better know how to get water, food, heat, and fix things yourself, without depending on anyone else, otherwise you're just not going to survive here, unless you want a cozy but boring life in Anchorage.   Awesome video dude, I just found your channel, and I love your personality, and your video quality is top notch.
That moment when you see Climate Town standing in-front of your county building and have to do a double take.
👍🏻
Propaganda… mixed use areas will destroy home ownership & increase costs of living. Just look at every city who fell for this nonsense… lots of overpriced rent units, skyrocketing single family home prices, basically causes everything it is allegedly designed to remedy.
People fail to realize that zoning boards dont want affordable housing and walkable neighbourhoods, because they dont want poor people living in their communities that bring, in their eyes, crime and lower land value
thank you for making these videos
Former US American military previously stationed in the Netherlands (I also saw several of the "Not Just Bikes" guy videos).  YES, I agree we need to continue fixing the US zoning laws.  YES, suburbs are terrible.  Problem I have is neither you nor Bike Dude are painting the whole picture and all the facts folks need to know who will never live abroad and see for themselves.  Let's be clear.  Holland is not all sunshine, tulips, pannekoeken and organic blunts!  It has problems too - especially if you're currently a Dutch farmer protesting the nitrogen laws.   What if I told you I was rejected from living in two Dutch neighborhoods simply because I was "American."  Yes, the Nederlanders have zoning laws that restrict too many of any race or nationality from "concentrating" in neighborhoods.  That'd be racism and nationalism... the bad kind.  Turned out there were already two homes filled with pesky Americans in those "zones," and a third American family was "forbidden."  Why?  The short take is this zoning law is intended to "forbid" (their lawful terminology "verbieden") the polarization of racial groups together in neighborhoods - causing minorities to form (particularly Muslim Turks).  They call it their multicultural integration policy - "integrate" being the operative word here.  It's directed towards all immigrants, but some more than others (which doesn't explain why I - assigned there as a NATO allies - was subject to an immigration law, but that was the case). As for the housing available, I (and other US NATO military in my predicament) ended up commuting 2hrs round trip from my duplex in Eindhoven.  Didn't exactly help the emissions problem I know, but I did avoid eating their horse meat and enjoyed the biking.  I'm not down on the Dutch.  Not at all.  I love the people there and have many friends in Eindhoven - even sang and played my guitar at a Dutch wedding.  I saw a lot of things there I wish the US would do - maybe not mayonnaise on French fries, but a lot of other things.  I've got nothing against progressive new ideas and borrowing great ideas that are working in other countries, but let's be sure and study the quantifiable facts and do videos coving both sides of the pros & cons thoroughly.
The noises on this video make it unwatchable.
Builders are forced to build single family detached? They don’t want to build anything else. The profit margins are better.
I love Belmar. I just wish it was a bit better connected to good transit. I guess the 76 and 9 give it somewhat frequentish service to the Wadsworth W line station, but it’s still not super ideal. Would have been nice if something like Belmar could have been developed at Colfax and Wads so it would have access to the W line. Obviously that’s not where Villa Italia was and thus a huge open swath of land.   Conversely I think what would have made more sense was the W line taking is current routing from Downtown to Wads, then turn south along Wads to Alameda (where a Belmar station would be), and then swing west along Alameda to the Federal Center and off to its terminus a good 2 miles from downtown Golden with no bus link🙄. Only Garrison and Oak would have lost their stations, but since those areas are such low density, I think the W would have seen much better ridership if it had been routed through Belmar. Plus Garrison and Oak are well served by the Colfax busses 2-3 blocks away.
No thanks
I live i Europe and guess what - I don't like to live in a big block with all the stupid neighbors. I like to live in my own house and drive my own car. It gives me freedom.
"Rollie Williams and a ragtag team of climate communicators, creatives and comedians..." Ya, I don't think I'm going to take your word for anything. lol
One-sided arguments are brilliant. They make it seem like certain characteristics are exclusive. They also neglect to mention all of the negative characteristics for the side they advocate. "Evil suburbs, cities goooood." The truth is, someone could make a similar video about cities.  This is how dogma starts. Intellectual dishonesty. No mention of set backs, no mention of trade-offs, no mention of negative characteristics, etc.  When are we going to learn to be honest and impartial about reality?
The biggest problem with America is adaptation we have schools that were invented 100 years ago That serve a purpose that no longer exist just like we have housing laws that never needed to exist in the first place The fact remains is that we no longer live in a society that can stand on traditions are reality changes day today and they’re necessities change day today we no longer work 9 to 5 jobs so current school systems do not teach the kids the proper skills they need to know the proper skills they need to know in today’s society is how to talk to a cop safely in their rights as a citizen United States of America not how to get up at 9 o’clock hell i’ve never gone to work 9 to 5 in my entire life there’s just like our current house and communities we literally built our cities around the fact to get rid of transportation that’s why we built them it was to get rid of horses and carriages well now we need to get rid of cars
You might wanna get your facts straight when the longer the free country in the world
Cities suck
So why not a bike?
This is old, outdated thinking. Spot on for technology 20yrs ago, but not anymore. Cities have much worse trash and pollution problems. Record high temperatures around the globe only in big cities. Everything works much better spread out. Great way to keep the masses poor and the rich get richer= cities that keep the masses spending money (Rent) till the day they die with zero to show for it. Any suburban home can be energy independent these days with wind and solar. Electric car advancements paired with the ability to put up a huge solar array on your property eliminates fossil fuel needs. The big cities are the problem now, not the solution. Look into sustainable off grid living, it's a reality right now.
homo-genius? that's not how you say that word
Euclid, OH is in Ohio next to Cleveland, why would they be worried about factories expanding out from Chicago? Did I hear that wrong?
High density housing significantly increases crime rates and tends to make people more irritable and angry
Man if you destroy the great fortunes you kill yourself as country,.. you get it? Stop illegal occupation,..
how did the US got to the moon when they actually live in just 2 dimensions?
looks like a nice neighborhood you're in. what city/metro do you live in?
The problem with these videos is that you assume the majority of people understand that emissions are bad. They don’t. They think “well then the planners should focus on offsetting or doing something that will filter emissions”. They think it’s a problem that can be solved by inventing something that will make emissions not be a problem. Case in point, my rich grandma. She thinks she is doing her part by recycling and going paperless. She votes blue even though she is rich and is proud of it. A conversation came up where she asked me what I thought of electric cars. I said they are not the answer but a step in the right direction. She got defensive and said , “ the batteries cost 13k to replace” and a ton of other misinformation. I said we have moved passed that, mechanics can now rebuild the batteries for a fraction of the cost. I tried to get her back on track by telling her that when she was a kid the average family had one car and there was only one road (Route 66) that was paved to see the country.  I did this to get her to focus on emissions being the problem. The average household has 4 cars now and it’s a serious burden on the environment. She couldn’t/wouldn’t grasp the fact in todays landscape, the childhood she had of traveling with her family to see the sights was not feasible for protecting the environment. She said, “I want my grandkids to have the experiences I did” I told her with 4K and the internet that they didn’t need to take road trips to accomplish that. I got the sense from her that emissions “isn’t her problem” and that the government needed to find a solution to filter the emissions so that the way of life didn’t have to change. And for 75, she’s not archaic  in her ideals by any means. She thinks it’s progress that she can drive to one store and pic up her meds and come home then drive to the bank to make a deposit and back home and then to the beach to have lunch and back home and then back to the grocery store to pick up a few things for dinner and then back home and finally to the liquor store for wine that she forgot to pick up when she was at the grocery store and back home. Three of those trips was to the same store. She cannot and will not view that as a problem that she is creating. She shuts off after she says to me, “scientists need to figure out a filter”  she says things like, “ I grew up on a farm and family could come and stay and I want to provide that for my family that’s why I have all this space”. I tell her that your production of food for people was an offset for the impact of people coming to stay, your house was lit by candles and you didn’t have air conditioning. People would pile in one car and come stay from another state. But now when you have a gathering, there’s 12 cars outside and other families are taking 6 different flights from different states for thanksgiving dinner. She shuts down. She can’t wrap her head around the fact that she’s comparing apples to oranges concerning emissions
Bags of milk is a Canadian thing, mostly in Québec and Ontario. The bag is put in a plastic pitcher.
Where do you get the number 100m. You have a birthrate (per women) at <1.7.  2.1 is to sustain population.  More immigration or increased lifespan?
I feel sooooooo bad for people who think buying Tesla's are going to "Save the world" or any electric car. While in fact they are only polluting more. If you are a climate change activist driving one of those beast then you should be ashamed. You don't even start making a MILD and I mean VERY VERY mild input into your in pact till 100,000 mils then by that point for most Tesla queens they come out with a new one and they just dumb the old one off and Tesla's have a horrid resale value and don't hold up at all. Not to mention the risk of crashing in one and blowing up like a bomb I'm sure anyone who's bought one has seen those video's and you have a super hard time putting out battery fires so you make fire men's life a living hell if that thing goes nuclear. Only way you're going to make any in pact with it is if you get a solar farm made JUST to charge it and only it cause baby it's gonna take a farm to take the energy to get the power every night for that thing to run granted you drive it more then two the three hours strait a day.  Then if you want to do the very thing you bought the thing not to do and charge it on dirty energy it takes 15 hours to fully charge. THEN There are only 1200 public Tesla charging stations in the US rn so it's going to be a B word to get it charged out in public. So expect to be calling ol' Tesla up when you forgot to plug it in last night. Anyways. Good luck out there star troopers. And for you Tesla owners...... KEEP SAVING OUR EARTH WITH YOUR $70,000 POLLUTION CAR!
White only neighbourhoods huh?? I’m guessing no one had to lock their doors back then hahaha
I'd be fine with it if I still have the option to buy land somewhere and go live in the woods. I grew up in the woods, got dragged to the city as a teen, stuck in the suburbs now, and am planning my escape, back to the woods...
No one wants your commie housing projects. People want their own home, not some shit hole mega housing projects.
Don't get me wrong, this video is 100% correct, suburban sprawl is a real problem.  I can't see Americans living closer together working out though.  Too many Americans ignore social norms that would allow them to get along with their neighbors and prefer doing whatever they want, whenever they want.  Who wants to live next to a noisy, belligerent, a**hole with a gun?
The whipperSnappers would be a great name for a punk band
you can't force 'high density' and a lot of people like the suburbs. I would hate living in a city. Why is the US going to grow by 100 million if the birth rate is lower than replacement?
I'm from Canada and going to buy a bag of milk sounded perfectly normal to me. But yes, we obviously have milk bag holders that prevent the milk from spilling and help us pour. Convenient enough.
Prefer to live in separate house Never liked condos or apartments !
'The dork show'... Subscribed!
Cities in America would be safer and more prosperous if racial segregation was allowed. I'm tired of these degenerate city planners destroying America for their delusional false ideology. There are IQ differences and all cultures do not mix. This is a tough pill to swallow.
those giant suburban houses are for hoarders. or big families.
I like suburbs. I grew up in a single wide trailer, moved into to a dorm, lived on a couch in NYC and later moved to Japan and South Korea where I lived in tiny apartments. One day if I move back to the USA I want to live in a Mcmansion. I want a suburban home with a front and back yard. This video is a joke.
entire premise of this video is false.  Population is in decline not a stage of growth.  Go back to school.  Entire video a waste of life.  Video also fails to realize that 90 percent of neighbors are jackasses, so way better to have your acre....just bad, poorly thought out and researched.  Please stop with vids.  Regret wasting 5 mins on this.
8:52 Denver, I was right! I never watched this channel before this and guessed he was in Colorado.   Anyway, I hate "stroads" and parking lots....my small city has both this and an older downtown where everyone goes on the weekends, and has the nicer - mostly older - houses around it. Everything else is trash. The town has a lot of empty storefronts on these stroads...
Don't like it?  Move to Russia.
Sorry but there are countless other reasons condensed housing and cities suck more and even the suburbs shown are too close together. Covid made it very apparent how much cities suck.
So people should just live in apartments forever and never own a home? shit take mushroom.
What an idiot.
I would sell my single family house to a developer of a multi unit in a second if I got to live on the ground floor and keep my garden -- and of course I would need a place to live while they built it.  But no, ZONING. And I live in an actual city. Brooklyn, New York. Heard of it?
Who the hell died and made YOU king? Why should YOU get to tell people where they can live? If you don't want to live in the suburbs, then DON'T. Go live in a smelly little box in a crime-infested shithole. But don't try to impose your views on other people.
Finally somebody who comes down against zoning laws. Deregulation is the only way to go. Vote libertarian
I wouldn't live in an apartment / condo if you paid me a million dollars per month.  Apartments are fine if you're single. Once your married it's time to leave the city. Cities are a terrible for families.
So, "How Racism Destroyed America And Keeps Coming Back To Haunt And Destroy It" could be an appropriate title, too!
Dude,how's the pool game?
A long time ago, I believed Denver to be this quaint little town nestled on a hillside with a cabin resting against a hill side in the pine trees with a little smoke coming out of its chimney.  A few years ago, I drove to Denver and couldn't believe the sprawl that went for miles before I ever got near the city centre.   What an eye opener.  I never went back.
Something I always find funny of these types of videos, is they always seem to ignore that suburbs are very popular and that people are actually choosing to live there. You would think the intellectuals would recognize other people have preferences of what they want. I agree zoning laws should improve in these places to allow for better mix, but suburbs aren’t the root of all evil this genre makes it to be.
I like that you are framing the problem and educating us. However this is a futile attempt as we are projected to have catastrophic temperature changes by the year 2050 and we have zero percent chance of preventing that. We will have to learn via hard knocks unfortunately. Probably a massive population drop and extinction of many species. That is the only thing that will cause lasting change.
bags of milk use way less plastic than hard plastic bottles and plastic containers (when recycled) are way better than laminated paper containers which are nearly impossible to recycle glass or metal containers are better recyled but they costs way much(money or emission) to make and transport (they are heavy)
Well this isn't a thing I normally would watch, but lololol this was fun, thanks for making it fun.
Just wait until gas hits 12 a gallon…these dwellings will be forced to shrink
Maybe stop all immigration. There’s no reason our population should grow by 100,000,000. More people = more consumption of natural resources and more waste. More trash, more waste water, more CO2. Care about the environment? Oppose more immigration.
Certain European countries done it right while other just shut
America must be a social experiment
It would be better to turn the entirety of canada into a parking lot than to let their milk bag nonsense infect a real civilization.
I knew that bag of milk had to be some sort of Canadian *ish. 😒☺  I can also no longer see Hulk Hogan without thinking of the Gawker scandal. Sorry, y'all.  Great video though. I will be sharing it with friends. 🙌🏾
@6:32 is a classic example of racism without racists. More people from the Northern and Western states need to learn about these types of ordinances. I wish more middle school and high school US History courses would include this sort of information in their lesson plans.
Me looking at the bag of milk in the picture   "That's not how you use bagged milk 😠"
You forgot to mention the biggest solution to America's housing problem.  Stop the invasion of our borders, turn every one back, boot out all the illegals that are here and reduce by half the number of legal immigrants admitted.  America is already full and running out of resources.
I dont want to live near high density housing because shitty liberal policies lead to a ton of crime concentrated near high density housing.
High density housing also increases: CRIME, Violence and drug use.   So what do you really want America to look like?
Maybe you haven-t heard about the studies that show higher density housing is HELL.. just a nightmare hearing your neighbours (8 of them) all day banging doors, going up n down stairs, using the toilet, etc etc :3
leftism is cancer. Who buys this garbage?
poor you waa go live in a project
silly americans. just learn from europe/japan/friggin china/yes.
Duh....they are POS house. You can hear the empty and shit wood and materials
OK look at any pollution density map and you will see that high population density areas are way, way, way like so far from even being even remotely close more polluted than medium density or low density zones. Then this is where the racism card gets played. Racism causes pollution. Let me guess, living in rural area is racist. Give me a break. Early onset climate change? Look bro the climate is going to change. It has been changing, and will always change.  The technology of mankind is growing faster than the climate is changing. Our energy use and pollution creating is gaining efficiency 100's of times faster than the climate is changing. Look bro, stop the fear mongering.
you were in golden? YOU WERE IN GOLDEN!?!?!?!?!?!??
when pandemic hits and you become trapped in a high density concrete crime box
Wonderful channel so glad I found it!
0:30 by the time we reach that number half of it is going to be related to Nick Cannon.
👎🏼
Great Points, but there's nothing wrong with buying milk in bags, you use a pitcher to pour it and the other 1,3 l bags (3 bags of 4 l total) in the package can fit anywhere in your fridge since it's sealed.
Hey dude I’m watching ur stuff and I’m with you but if you try to include some more dumb off topic liberal shit into a video about why zoning is dumb then I’ll just vote for whatever you think is detrimental and you can go fuck yourself, so hopefully you haven’t fucked yourself yet buddy😊
Okay I think we might be soul mates, BROTHER! Awesome content - SUBSCRIBED
Cities Suck
Great video I am now a subscriber I'm always looking for interesting things to learn and you did a great job explaining this one. I talk about this subject all the time now I have a video that I can now share with others on this point.
17:20 THIS is the single most useful thing. No use complaining about stuff online when you can literally go and physically participate and make a difference!
So your summary is training but that doesn’t get rid of the houses that exist or solve the problem as it is right now.   What is your proposal for that
Another interesting thing about zoning laws it also prevent low income people from moving in areas where a lot of the jobs are these people have zoned themselves out of laborers and workers that they need to work in some of the service industries in their areas this is also one of the reasons why there are so many immigrants coming to America there are over four million jobs that America can't fill and they can't figure out why it's the zoning laws immigrants would tend to live in a single family home with multiple families which will allow them to live closer to the jobs as compared to other Americans that would have to commute in order to reach those jobs like in the Chicago area all the good jobs are in the suburbs but the average Chicagoan can't afford to live out there.
There are ethnic enclaves all over the US. No one gets mad at Mexicans or Indians or Arabs wanting to live next to each other. But when white people want to live next to each other it suddenly becomes evil. People want to live next to those who are similar to themselves. It's not an evil concept. Stop with the antiwhite racism.
You wanted capitalism, you got capitalism.
I love white only residential areas.. love it so much I moved in to one ❣️
Trade offer:  I GET Land that is MY own and space to enjoy the land. I also get to have a felon and welfare free, low crime, high trust community.  Sleeping well knowing my children won't get shot through their bedroom window in the middle of the night from a gangland shooting.  You get: Trampled like a dog in Korea by 1000 mental midgets.
This was awesome.
Sounds like a cuckpod advocate comercial
Items that need to be fixed prior to building density in America: 1. Everyone needs to respect others right to quiet, ie. noisy neighbors. People just don't give a shit about others right to quiet enjoyment in America.  2. Crime. More people packed in a tighter space equals more crime in America.  3. No parking. They try to build these huge apartment buildings with no parking. Thinking that everyone can just walk or ride a bike is ridiculous. There are many people with health issues that just aren't able to be physically active.  4. I don't want the nut  cake gun owner next door accidentally discharging their weapon and shooting someone in my unit.  5. Build LOTS of parks and green space so that there is some where to go for quite relaxation. Just like the great cities in Europe.  6. Supply SAFE public transit. Public transit is dangerous, dirty and unreliable in the majority of America.   I would love to live in tighter housing in Europe because most of the above items are not an issue.  America has a ton of work to do. I won't hold my breath since the majority here only think of themselves first.
Hmmm could be that americans want to spread out as much as possible because it would be harder to decimate and take over a piece of territory if the population is more spread throughout..for example the US was able to take land from Mexico and later said they "purchased the territory"
aww man wish you could play Subdivisions by Rush in the video.
Orrrrr, you could spread out the properties, orrrrrr, you don’t have to cram them together AND and you can mandate how many trees must Remain and how much surface must remain unpaved and undeveloped…..YOU Smarten up and don’t support government developmental goals which = enprisonment, empoverishment and enslavement.  Land = opportunity
Climate Change lol
You are missing the tax-base problem apartments pose.
So, we should all live in apartments.....right.
Aniti-gentrification is racism.
13:45 Friends? Bag of milk? What are these things?  Edit: haha NO joke, I paused the video before 14:30 this, looked up bag of milk cause I thought it was a joke, then messaged my buddy from Canada and asked if he really bought milk by the bag, which he confirmed.
Zoning meetings consist of old, white people who have already paid off their homes who like to remind their children of how much cheaper and plentiful homes were when they were their age.
Less people being born though…the schools where I live are having trouble with enrollment and therefore funding
There is a reason people prefer the suburbs. Pretending like large cities don’t create even more waste and pollution is laughable.
The WEF wants us to live in cities like Nar Shaddaa from Star Wars. Seems like an extremely shitty way to live. No thanks. I will keep my single family home.
After delivering in a few of those new suburban subdivisions I hate them. Nearly identical cookie cutter houses painted a blinding white inside with absolutely no character, street after identical street of corporately sterile buildings. Cities have character and depth, but these subdivisions could be anywhere in the US and they’d look the same
Nope. The American population is in an extreme decline.
High density housing is No where I would want to live..like a Huge apartment complex..no thanks
Well when apartments are miserable crime infested areas single family homes and small towns are 10 times better the reason we use single family homes is because of the horrible conditions too much noice and lots of crime
I don’t like people, build more suburbs
i saw the for sale sign with $4800 on it and i almost cried
I thought this was Jim Jefferies on the thumbnail 🤣🤣
where can I work on a bike if you live on the 5tg floor of a condo some of us would rather die than serve pumpkin spice lattes across the street
What he is saying is complexly wright, having to depend on the car is really awful, and on top of that many people don´t drive safely, at the same time would bring people out of poverty and so many other benefits because the suburbs are really boring maybe is fine for you if you are a hermit, and I saw many people complaining about the noise well you can hear everything because building here a made with cheap material just like those family homes in the suburbs, and material are expensive well because to build so much and so far comes with a cost for everybody, even for the high density buildings.
Multifamily means poor people means crime. You don't want it near you, that's also why no sidewalks connecting areas.
Slavery is your answer
No we absolutely build single family homes and keep people from building apartments because we hate living in the sand building as strangers. We WANT to have our own property. We don't want to see high density apartments anywhere near our nice neighborhoods.
>You will live in the pod and eat the bugs  Thanks hipster trash.
I like my house in the suburbs.
No thanks I have lived in the mountains my hole life and you can have your city life
1:29 eheheh...
mr lah dee dah fancy pants urbanist doesn't even know what a bag of milk is 😂
Yeah I don't care how "efficient" these walkable cities are. I want somewhere where I can store my cars, work on them, and enjoy peace and quiet without hearing what neighbors are doing above and below with their noisy ass pets.
Holy crap, I love your humor dude! Keep up the good work!
Some people like freedom some don't
Don't be deceived, man-made Climate Change is a myth! It's a control measure created by globalists and progressives to take away your liberty and force you to be a slave to their ideals. The World Economic Forum has been pushing this in order to take away everything from you and make you a slave in their system where they have absolute power over you. Open your eyes and see that you are not deceived! This world is storing up wrath for itself and will soon be judged. The Lord has reserved a time which is known as the tribulation in which unbelievers will suffer war, plague and famine and the world will be utterly destroyed for their transgressions against him in their disobedience and sin.   2 Peter 3:  3 Above all, you must understand that in the last days scoffers will come, scoffing and following their own evil desires. 4 They will say, “Where is this ‘coming’ he promised? Ever since our ancestors died, everything goes on as it has since the beginning of creation.” 5 But they deliberately forget that long ago by God’s word the heavens came into being and the earth was formed out of water and by water. 6 By these waters also the world of that time was deluged and destroyed.7 By the same word the present heavens and earth are reserved for fire, being kept for the day of judgment and destruction of the ungodly.  17 Therefore, dear friends, since you have been forewarned, be on your guard so that you may not be carried away by the error of the lawless and fall from your secure position. 18 But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever! Amen.  Please don't be depressed! The Lord has provided a way around this through the sacrifice of his Son on the cross. He made a way where there was no way. He defeated death and the grave. We have an eternal promise of life through his sacrifice on the cross where we will be in paradise following our death, or the return of Jesus Christ to snatch us away to Heaven to be with God forever. This life is temporary and our mourning will be short. We were given prophecy to uplift us and give us the blessed hope that Christ has gone away to prepare a place for us so we can spend eternity in his holy presence where ever tear will be wiped from our eyes and every worry will be nothing more than a memory. We will be made perfect in Christ and stand before a loving God. He will not abandon us! What a glorious day it will be when we look upon God and experience being in his presence and the angels glorifying him
More dense housing makes sense in many ways except one. Peace. American apartments are built from popsicle sticks. You hear every step, sneeze, bark, closing door etc from the neighbors you share walls with. I want to contribute to a greener planet, but I don’t want to sacrifice peace and sleep to do it. That should be a part of the green movement, but no one talks about it!
At least they have a house
suburnbans are the most effective prisons but the alternative people are hinting at is this new world orderbullshit also the line prison city etc. etc.  its propaganda made by an influencer guys, question his agenda
I love the video but it soooo overexposed!
Disagree. Suburbs serve a purpose for many people.
Have you ever been to a city in the US? Suburbs are the problem? I’d take lower murder rates any day of the week. have fun with those public schools. Oh and inflated cost of living and undrinkable tap water are totally cool too
The bag of milk got me 😂😂😂 i am actually crying
That he simply considers books -all books- to be "boring shit" is enough to tell you how much these climate alarmists "listen to the science"...
@Climate Town Any links or references for a Canadian?
This guy is an idiot. Every city in America has multi family and single family zoning.
Suburbia is something that makes me uncomfortable. I always felt I was dead when I travelled into those mazes.
nope. to hell with apartments. the only reason people dont like to own their own homes is because of price. youre welcome to bring more business closer to peoples houses in the suburbs but dont interfere with housing itself.
And what do you call the Democrat controlled urban shïtholes?
The video starts with the assertion the americans dont want to own a house. You can basically write off everything after that.
I live in Belmar and was mind blown to see it on this video.
I guess we aren't talking about suburban life in NJ.  You can basically walk a few blocks in every town to the main street shops.  We have buses to shopping centers and to NY.  I didn't experience (and dont) experience this.
First video of yours Ive seen and I enjoyed it a lot. :)
Somehow everything bad all traces back to Ohio
I have an idea for you kid, don't move to a suburb.
They are clo es so they do t have to be biuilt by skilled tradesmen anymore,  their are little outfit crews that to a job, like an ant mentality.
The more densely populated it becomes the higher the odds of becoming a victim of crime
Every human on the planet could fit in Texas if they all had an acre and lived in a 4 person home.   So we don't need high density. We need to fucking spread out.
Children need space to be outdoors, and so do adults. Every house should raise chickens and a cow or sheep. They should have kitchen gardens as well.
Climate Scam is a Globalist NWO Scam
This poor man's Burt Reynolds does have a point
Sub-urbanism 🤮
The “easy target menu” bit absolutely destroyed me.
High density housing is so in demand that in Seattle it's more expensive than a single family home. Seriously. Last year I bought a 1,600sf house with a yard and my monthly payment is less than an apartment or condo a mile away on a main road with restaurants and other businesses.   The city needs to lift zoning regulation so that living in a walkable area isn't a luxury.
honestly after living in israel, being a walkable city... i honestly hate new york...as much as you like it to be walkble city...ITS NOT
How the fuck did I end up in soyboy land. Fucking algorithms.
I heard George Soros is developing low income housing in red states!!  You better let the new voters in buddy!!
Jerry Mander, developer, political activist
I  agree with almost all this. As you get older, these modern walkable areas are real nice. i will say as a kid growing up in suburb SFH, it was awesome. we had a ton of kids and played capture the flag all the time, rode bikes everywhere, setup jumps, climbs trees, etc
Why are churches in residential single family home zones (including very expensive neighborhoods) NOT required to pay property tax? There are so many of them (in Denver) on expensive residential lots. I live in Englewood and it’s infuriating.  Follow up question. WHY are there churches in neighborhoods zoned ONLY for single family homes? Shouldn’t churches be required to exist on commercial property in an area zoned for commercial structures?  I wouldn’t care if there wasn’t a church on almost every other freakin block taking up extremely valuable residential space. So Wtf? Please explain
Hahahahah bag of milk i learn a lot from Climate Town 🤣
By the time the USA sees 100 million more invaders the tax payers will be outnumbered and the modern world they built will go with them soon after. Low T video with low t views
Just above this video i have a video titled - King of the Econolodge , Tacoma … What your video wants is Impossible
2:13 decades of desegregation made the USA what it is today
Lol this guy is pushing the agenda ( 21) really hard
As an introvert who grew up in America the idea of giving up a building I own for a crowded apartment in a loud area of town is horrifying. I'm utilitarian so I'm interested but there would need to be some guarantee's and incentives. For instance the biggest reason I love home ownership is that I don't ever have to deal with apartment neighbors ever again. If I can't get a guarantee that I will have some peace and quiet when I need it then would need a huge financial incentive.
Instant subscription man, great video
Great video. One caveat: suburbs make the economy move …. More houses, more cars, more oil, more energy, more water, more more more … so this fight is also about changing the economy.
Bag of milk is essentially buying milk without the box, which then, you have to put in your own box/jar at home
At least all those subdivision stick-built houses are all built so poorly, we’ll have several opportunities to rebuild this century with even moderate weather and disaster frequency.
13:49 Did this guy really just say “buying a bag of milk”
nerd
Build unto me a residential skyscraper of ridiculous proportion!
We really don't need to increase the density of areas. If you look at housing density and then consider crime and traffic, we're better off keeping people separated. If you want to live in a shoebox in the middle of a metropolitan shithole, you can. The rest of us would like to keep our space.
Living in a house is so, so, so, so much better than an apartment. Sure we need to make houses more efficient, but the real goal ought to be to get as many people who want it into their own house. It's part of the American dream for a reason. Lots are getting smaller while houses are not and that is a great thing. A housing market crash has started and I only hope it means that eventually more Americans will be given the chance to have a home of their own.
Why would you want to live in an apartment building? If you drop a  plate in Europe, your neighbors will like report to the social services for child abuse and you’ll get your kids snatched
I grew up with a 20 minute walk to any sort of food (restaurant or grocery store/supermarket) once the nearby supermarket closed down when I was young. Now that I have my own place I have an even longer walk to any sort of food. And neither area is bike-friendly at all. Murrika
Dude, I swear I’ve watched the whole internet, and you’re the best channel I’ve found in months. Had me in stitches! Amazing editing, great researched topics. Thank you!!
13:49 💼 🥛
As you said, R1 zoning is a class/race dividing tool. R1 is not a problem, is a solution. Do you have a better solution for the real problem behind R1 or not? probably not because you are still a bit racist. In my opinion you have to improve city centers first, and start growing a new city from there, but you are doing the opposite, defunding the police and leaving a bunch of homeless live in the middle of the city.
My old white neighbour just came weeks ago and told us brown asse$ that its a single family house neighborhood. Racism isn’t dead man
2:30 - Easy solution, everyone buys EVs instead of gas guzzlers? Rollie: NO! Well, actually, yes, but NO!
I grew up near Euclid and I agree it is a horribly made city. Had no idea it was the originator of the zoning I hate the most! It now has a large working class minority population. Doesn't help that its surrounded by some of the most racist suburbs of Cleveland filled with winding roads, identical houses, and endless cul-de-sacs.
Expansion and non-stop Growth.. Just like cancer cell
I like my single family home.  I don't want to live in a communist tenement.  Manmade climate change is a phony problem but is a money laundering scheme created by greedy politicians and other elitist snobs.
Who wants to go on a first date with me to a zoning meeting? :P
Bagged milk is actually more packaging efficient than other availaible options. Bag of milk is very much the mixed-used high density neighbourhood of milk. You just need a pitcher to hold it in (available pretty much everywhere) and so the actual total plastic use for our milk in Canada is significantly lower than that in the United States
100% of housing should be single family housing, nobody should live in a building owned by someone else. This is what happens when landords become normalized.  landlords are vile scum who do nothing for society but make people pay to not own property, when every human has a right to property along with life and liberty. Apartments, condos, town-homes, even rented houses are disgusting. If you don't actually own the building you live in, if you can't destroy it if you want, you are wage slave to the landlord elite  Which isn't to say we can't have mixed use zoning, but the shops should be shops and the houses should be houses, not two-story shop+apartments. A culdesac should have corner stores to get groceries at the end, restaurants in between, etc. stuff that is still totally walkable, but while still owning your own land. Also houses could be a wee bit smaller, especially getting rid of lawns and back yards for public greenspace
Anyone know where I could snag the jacket he's rocking
While i understand the importance of walkable cities and public transportation for the reduction of the enviromental disaster we as a world are having today, I rly don't like it at all. I have been (sadly) in Brazil for the past 5 years, here a car is very expensive unless you buy a shitbox for the price u can buy a used bmw in the us(this place soo shitty the Corollas are considered luxury cars) So i'm rly forced to use public transport, and i simply hate it, i hate sharing my personal space with other ppl (some of them that CLEARLY don't shower that often) i don't  like it, i hate it. I have been to Madrid and Lisbon and use their public transportation and.... yea still hate that shit, like why do ppl wanna be sharing their personal space with random ppl that smell like a bag of bad eggs? but well taking that aside as i live in a tropical country walking anywhere for some shit like groceries means that you are going to become a pool of sweat in the way back to your house, specifically if you have some heavy groceries you will need a shower after that horrendous experience. I saw ppl walking everywhere in Those cities in Europe and idk it felt ackward like there was this lady with easilly 20kilos of groceries almost falling passing out while going on the stairs of our AirBnb (was like a 2 floor) and i rly don't like apartments either because of the personal space with outsite your apartment... it's none. Here in brazil i'm rented in a house with a garage and a nice garden wich i just LOVE to spend my afternoon looking at while drinking a  beer and not having any neighbours over or under me. Idk apartment life isn't for me, i preffer to pay more expensive just to have a little bit of personal space just to me, but of course my opinion it's prob different than most of the ppl and i rly don't have a problem. I do understand the points that you guys make in these wonderful videos but i look at that and it's like a big nope to me.
Oh nooo, you can’t make reasonable city planning and zoning. How am I supposed to rip off Americans with less education and healthcare access when the city permits them? Got forbid we have our 5000$ insulin patients get some excercise!!     -Big Pharma and Car Monopolies
The s il Culs-de-sac is silent, it's french and means the end of a bag
And this is how you make your poor population all into n. and slaves regardless of race. And the biggest irony that society to this day did not catch on and the American dream is still alive, build on exploitation of more productive parts of the city and a giant pile of debts. Welcome to modern suburbanized America.
Yikes.
hate the city, love suburbs. I want a giant home, sick of city shoeboxes. hello from communist canada
You are aware of all these politicians that passes Thea’s laws were Democrats correct just want you to know that and there is no such law or ordinance in any city in this country anymore there are lots of Black people who live in suburban Homes
"and me am Rollie Williams" This is how I will introduce myself from now on to fight the cars.
Milk bags are cheaper to produce and create far less waste. They also take up less room in your refrigerator and they do not spill (they sit inside jugs that never get dirty). It is THE best option for people who drink a lot of milk (other can still buy cartons).
The bags of milk go in bags and are stacked in reusable “milk crates” you pull your bag from out of the grocery store fridge.  Then you take a bag from the bag and put it in your milk bag holder and cut the corner to open it.  It’s pretty efficient, though It might be a bit of plastic used….
As soon as we can get the boomers out of the way . . .
I wonder why he compares American suburbs to foreign cities and not the dangerous and dirty American cities.
Mr. Williams, first of all; i am sure you won't even get to my comment because you already have 10k AND i am watching this video 8 months late. Nevertheless, i am going to share my thoughts.  Pros: I really like you. I think you are funny and clever. The Hulk Hogan clips genuinely made me laugh out loud! You make this important subject fascinating and clear to me. Thank you for that.  I live in Oregon, in a single family home. I recognize what you are saying. I wish i could ride a bike where i need to go: but firstly, i feel VERY unsafe with our "bike lanes". Secondly, i have 3 children. So needless to say; i feel doubly unsafe having my 10 year old riding her bike and me carrying the 5 year old and the 2 year old. Not to mention we would be roasted from car drivers like Jason mentioned on his video about car drivers being aggressive toward cyclists.   Cons: PLEASE forgive me for giving any criticisms but here it is: you bleep your language but you can literally still hear your profanities. I don't appreciate expletives but I get it, you are an adult. However, i cannot share the video with my children or students because of the insufficient bleeping. If you could avoid the language OR bleep them satisfactory, i would be very grateful! I can't share the video as much as i would wish.   Lastly, Thank you for educating me on important things that i didn't learn in school! 😊
How do you buy your milk? The shown bags are really not convenient, but a bag means less trash nonetheless.
I don’t want to live in an apartment, thanks.
I don't think rezoning is the answer. It was done in San Diego (where I live) in the 60's to several suburban neighborhoods to allow the introduction of apartments and condo's up to 3 stories in these neighborhoods. As the urban density increased, so did the crime, the noise and the pollution. Similar neighborhoods that border these areas but have not been rezoned have a much higher quality of life. If some urban planner wants to convert that old Mall parking lot into a high density multi-use living space, more power to them. But leave the residential single family homes alone.
Are you in Colorado?
another millennial.  let's see what he has to say.  oh what a surprise, ;.. it's all focused on the R word they love so much.   so weak, always complaining and doing social justice attention seeking
Its a great business opportunity
It's was all ok until, the other dude said "to do normal, every day thing like buying a bag milk"  is not normal to breastfeeding pus from cows after even not being a cow, or a baby🤦
I live in a walkable suburb in Australia. Within a fifteen minute walk of my home, I have:  -A grocery store -Several fast food places (chicken shop, fish and chip shop etc) -Doctor  -2 pharmacies  -Milk bar -Football oval -Skate park -3 playgrounds  -2 cafes There are also 2 bus stops within a 5 minute walk from my house, both of which take you to train stations and the main shopping Square. I love it and I have a lot of memories of my friends and I walking around the suburb as I grew up. Pedestrian accidents are extremely rare and I didn't learn to drive until I was 22, because everything was so close and the bus could take me wherever I needed to go. Obviously suburbs like this are not feasible everywhere but it definately beats car-dependant cities!
A animal's tit is a bag of milk... got a problem with that 😅
Turns out the video is 10 seconds longer now than when you made the “holy shit why is it so long?” Thing.
You're so wise and benevolent ie woke. Climate change? And if you don't want apartments in your neighborhood your a racist? C'mon
When I was young, I always heard that the US was the land of opportunities where you are free to do and build whatever you want instead of being bogged down by rules and regulations like in the EU. I guess that is completely untrue then.
Brother, where can I find these aforementioned classroom friendly videos without the swears, brother. Brother, are they available on the YouTube or must I seek out the patreon brother
Wow maybe you should just move to China. Real Americans don’t wanna live on top of each other like a third world country. The American dream is the promise of land and freedom.
This is called " the Surburban Paradise" that is because Surburban people love food fattened with literal cow shit. And if you cannot taste the "earthy" taste ( the shady or shitty flavor) then it's not authentic.
I’m late to the party. As usual… I was raised in the country, on a hobby farm. And though I meant well, my worldview was small for multiple reasons. It took me longer than I care to admit to come around to that understanding, and begin to expand myself. I am now at the age where I am thinking about my next home and what that will look like, and why it will look that way. My youngest children are still in middle school, so I won’t make the move yet, but it will happen sooner rather than later.  I look forward to a more sustainable home, walkability, and diversity. Things I’ve never had before.  Thank you for continuing to patiently educate those of us that just have no clue, but are trying so hard now.  Better late than never, I hope.
All started in an attempt to ban Dancehall🤯
TESLA DRIVERS GET THEIR ELECTRICITY FROM THE ELECTRIC COMPANY... THE ELECTRIC COMPANY GETS THEIR POWER FROM THE COAL PLANT.... LIBERALISM IS AN ABSOLUTE DISEASE THAT ROTS YOUR BRAIN...
14:27 as a canadian, it's wierd to see that other people think it's weird that we use bags of milk lol
14:49 oh yeah because milk cartons stack SO well with their triangular tops 😂  (but yes, bags are awkward and prone to spills, and I don’t drink gallons of milk a week or eat breakfast cereals, so I just buy cartons)
Pave paradise and put up a ————— lot. Haha you are welcome.
Reason why im thankful to live in royal ia.i mean yes I do have neighbors,but there all different so its easy tell houses apart.and we have more then enough space in between house,and little to no traffic jams,only when farming comes around though.i dont know much about iowas racist past,but I do know growing that iowa is very excited with people of different colors,and we welcome all. Btw.i love your personality
Oh also, you should check out the book "life between buildings" by the Danish architect Jan Gehl
Ever 6 time i see suburbs like like i throw up a little. We should level 75% of suburbia
"these meetings really cater to the retired and bored demographic" I mean, of course it is. Who has time to attend to these? I barely have time for indoor activities FFS.
There are actually plenty of suburbs in America that you can walk or bike to a store extremely easily but mentioning that would defeat the purpose of the video I guess. I think there are middle ground solutions. People also like space.
Most powerful country in the world? 🤣🤣🤣  Cant even fix problems in their own but claims to be champion of democracy and invade other countries thinking they got it right in how to run their own country BWAAHAHAHAHHA U ASS A is always a joke
Your videos are superb. Your presentation style reminds me a little of Wheezy Waiter but that's no bad thing. Keep it up.
Canadian here! we have our milk bags in a container for it, I've never actually seen the ones in the picture either
As a European SHUT UP YOU"RE LUCKY
Unfortunately Belmar is a terrible example of an ideal mixed used zoning scenario. Colorado is incredibly segregated and this area was only invested in after decades of policy changes pushed Black and brown people out of the area first.
2:11 were some not racist dudes?!?!? progressive
I went to university in a smaller (population of about 30, 000), but old city and spent my years living off campus. The difference between university living and my deep suburban hometown is night and day. I lived in a very walkable city for 4.5 years, I walked, biked, or bussed nearly everywhere, my car was rarely used and I was always within a 10 minute walk from a grocery store. Having since finished school and moving back to my hometown, it's awful. The closest business is a 45 minute walk, the closest entertainment business is a 20 minute drive, there are 135, 000 residents but no hospital , and 4 different and large neighbourhoods share 1 medium sized grocery store. Transit is a whole other issue in my hometown as their most recent development was to cut all of the routes that connected the suburbs to the main roads as they continue to build more suburbs that stretch further and further away from major arteries
The climate already changed. You’ve been living in the dystopian future for 40 + years but you don’t know it yet.
A lot of places will not pass zoning changes soon, because of NIBBY.
Honestly the best thing most people can do to save the environment is not recycled or plastics but rather attend their local zoning meeting and advocate for mix zoning.
glad to hear a environmentalist that is not woke and a green Nazi! that wing of the environmentalist camp is why there is no action to fix it!  that makes for push back. the woke environmentalists think ev CARS and solar panels will fix it! the problem from my research is we build every thing wrong. buildings are far more problem than cars! I am a librarian and am for freedom of choice but like you pointed out that is not given! and I like how you focus on general environmental destruction instead of climate change! I for one think the environmentalist should talk about the bigger threat of us wreaking the planet instead of the polarizing and debated global climate. if we better used things we would automatically fix the potential global climate change.   we need more common sense people like you ! people need if they want places with every thing near. we need to bring back the street cars and the trains. funny how in the old days things were more efficient but they had to be!
One for the Suggestion Box 🙏 Bag'O'milk could use a nippled device
lol the woman at 3:30 trying to be discreet
High density housing sticks people's souls out.  When crammed together people start to mentally distance themselves and start treating eachther like crap.  Cities suck overall.
The dork show is so much better than this channel
omg bag of milk hive unite
Nice propaganda piece.  Really sells it when you bring in racism and climate change
I could never live in the suburbs, to noisy.... I don't even get annoying Mormons comig to the house, They usually give up within the first mile of my driveway.   Never have they walked the full three mile to the house..  And yes, My front gate is always locked so they cant drive down..   Plus i can have the stereo up as loud as i want and not annoy the next door neighbour since their house is 7 miles away...  And my property is pet friendly.. No city ordnances to worry about...
That was a terrible photo example of bagged milk! we don't drink them from twist-tie bags  wtf.
Dang, when I saw the thumbnail I thought of a particular area in my state with all these horrifying cookie cutter monster house developments popping up in a very naturally beautiful area. And then I saw you standing in front of the courthouse in that exact area. Lol.
Comments for the algo
This was great! Thanks for making this video:)
and add a community farm. this is perfect!
I'm...surprised that law wasn't abolished years ago??
Bag. Of. Milk.   🧐
So how much oil will we burn when we knock down all the single-family homes and build big high-rises to be more efficient. This is not thought out
Multiplying rabidly in the city growing no food, polluting EVERYTHING.  Self controlled breeding constraint with thought & consideration would be the answer.  HIRISE density FARMING/GROWING & FISH TANKS would be an idea? Better then upside down fishtanks with retards wearing ties shitting in the Wat-ER watching a screen all day while 3-4 computers sit at home all day turned off doing nothing. FORCED EDUCATION NOT PAYING FOR IT!  LEARN TO COUNT, SMELL, TASTE, LISTEN, THINK. MORE THINKERS LESS DRINKERS. ABRUPT SPECIES 5 THAT MAKE SENSE NOT BABBLEONS THAT DRIBBLE SHIT FOR HRS ON END. Flying cars & houses would have been much BETTER for infrastructure. DEVELOPERS? Still developing brain function, thought process!
I’m not an American, but I really enjoyed your film and thanks for helping me finally understand how American housing problems have caused so much trouble for its young generations. Who would know that all these problems Americans are facing today come from a racism mentality of the rich whites back in 1900’s. I used to believe that American housing crisis grew so hectic because of all the funds been pumped into the market since 2009, and because there have been more immigrants relocating to U.S. that ultimately pushed up the price for houses. Knowing the fact that it was this very mentality of the old time restricting housing supplies and pushing young people out of their home state, really brought a chill down my spine.
Change the zones……
The fortunate thing about where I live is the natural barriers to sprawl. We saw sprawling single family units peak along the Wasatch Front in the 90’s. The average lot size peaked in SL County in 1994 at 0.46 acres, having now shrunk to just 0.13 acres. Over the last 25 years, we’ve seen plenty of mixed use and transit-oriented developments along with a transit renaissance that brought in 150+ miles of commuter rail, light rail, street car, BRT, etc. Envision Utah estimates 120k daily vehicle trips have been removed from the roadways due to transit alone. The University of Utah has removed 1/3 of their parking structures after giving all students transit passes.   It’s been interesting to see communities go from resisting these transit and zoning concepts to clamoring over where the next project will be built. A U of U study found that homes within 1/2 mile of a new apartment complex had an 8.8% higher median value than those more than 1/2 away.
Where was this filmed? Arvada, CO?
These communities didn’t want poor white folks either. This doesn’t mean they weren’t racist but rather also classist. Today extremely liberal communities keep single family zoning to retain property values. I saw another video about this (from a very left leaning narrator) that said these communities are all for affordable multi-family housing just Not In My Neighborhood.
Sometimes the algorithm gets something right. Glad I stumbled onto this.
You can all go compact in a few buildings… ill enjoy my freedom
I live in a suburb and I can walk to the grocery store, restaurant, pharmacy.   I love my modest single family home.   There’s a special type of relaxation that I get from sitting on the patio, attending to a small garden.   I love having our small green space.    Apartment dwelling isn’t for everyone.
America is killing itself slowly by the way it has been zoned over the last 70 years. As you said, it takes a 40 minute walk to the next store, aka a dry cleaner and even if you want to go shopping for clothes, you have to drive at least 30 minutes or more. Now, with online ordering ever so convenient, all these big box stores will eventually go away as nobody wants to drive 30-40 minutes if you can order all of it online. This will result in more and more unemployment over the next 10 years as car dependency is just not sustainable over the long run. I used to live in a small German city called Augsburg. I lived in the suburbs there but it had a connection via Tram to the city center and I lived just 400 feet away from the tram stop. In about 15 minutes I was in the city center with 30-40 clothing stores, restaurants and coffe shops. It was fun going shopping as you walked by many store windows, maybe meet a friend for a coffee and have a sandwich along the way. In Las Vegas, where I live now, this is option is equal to zero, so all that business is lost.
This farce is almost over. The DAY of JUDGEMENT is upon us. Allah knows best how to arrange housing. ☺ 🙏 ♥  By the way,  there's a new water planet in heaven.  It's name is "Jesus". Please share.
Not everyone is an alcoholic that needs to walk home
In my city, zoning meetings happen in the middle of the day and I feel like we often don’t hear about things happening until they’re mostly through all their hurdles.
11:18 Well clearly you didn’t religiously watch Gilmore Girls growing up
Democrats are the enemy and should be eliminated.
So first, birthnrates are going down,  2nd  1 degree of warning is not burning anyone. Humanity has historically thrived much better during warm periods vs cool periods. You are obviously a liberal so why  don't you start with homeless crisis in California where according to experts it's impossible to get a permit to build anything.
Typical leftist rant ;  people need to choose how they wish to live and not be dictated to! Climate change BS has been going on for forty years.  The hockey stick climate change forecast was proven wrong in a Canadian Court!
If only American apartments didn’t suck so much for the majority of America. They’re cheaply made, cramped, you can always hear your neighbors, and have zero outdoor space. I can’t open my windows in my current apartment. I had to call the health department to get my landlord to fix the leak in my ceiling.
Thanks for the encouragement. This old 78 F*** can certainly attend some meetings and open her lefty leaning mouth.
I cant speak for Calgary a Canadian city which is very walkable. Suburbs are built with a business centres public transport is good.
It’s the same issue for helping to solve the homeless issue in LA. The builders are only allowed to build single family houses and it’s why it’s taking so long.   There are so many new ways in building homes now. From 3D printing with clay, using recycled products, and tiny homes; a lot of it is just outlawed???  It’s almost like, the people wanting to keep things this way are the ones who make most money from it. I keep seeing more and more new companies getting into “House Marketing” as they see houses as an Asset, like a stock. And make money by buying them all up, upgrading 2 things, and selling it back at a higher price.  Idk, maybe a home shouldn’t be considered an asset by law. Or make it your 2nd home and up as assets as it’s not your primary residence.   Something has to change and it starts from the law honestly
the irony of using hulk hogan clips when he used the n word and didn’t want his daughter to date a black person…
Woody Allen was right about at least one thing...the suburbs are sterile! I'd rather live the country. 🐄
You must live in a shitty suburb.   If we put them all in the city we better de-fund the police.    Plenty of room out there.
The data clearly shows higher population density deceases energy use, but apartments are not a great solution. Many apartments are made as cheap as possible, without regard for energy efficiency. Every apartment I have ever seen also bans window AC units, so in places like central CA and NY where AC isn't common everyone uses portable AC...which use 25-100% more power per cooling than a good, properly installed window unit. Some of these same issues apply to houses as well though. Where I am at now, people are building brand new homes with open air, uninsulated attics. In short, I guess my point is the problem is short sighted greed and laziness by people, addressing things like population density won't change that.
In the Dallas-Fort Worth area we either have affordable housing apartments, that are usually old decrepit and have crime problems (as well as the income eligibility being extreeemly low), or “luxury” apartments, or single family homes, that with the recent population boom have become ridiculously expensive. There is no middle ground here. I’ve lived on my own for 3 years, my first apartment was around $800 a month at a “luxury” apartment complex. My current one, of similar size and quality, is $1500 a month. The lack of middle ground rentals and our zoning laws has been a huge problem for young locals at family starting age who’s income hasn’t increased but our rents have almost doubled and home prices have increased 3-4 times all in such a short amount of time. You have this odd phenomenon of Millenials/Gen X from the coasts coming to Texas cities because they are more affordable, which in turn is causing local Millenials  and Gen Z to leave Texas cities because they are now unaffordable
I turned this video off the moment it started talking about racism. So tired of that subject being put in everything
I live on a small fixed income and will be DOA in less than 10 years...;  however you look like a Trump Maga type of person with a long way to go yet.  Correct?  Have you ever heard about the MPIRG study by the University of Minnesota about cities in the US?   Minnesota Public Interest Research Group.  You should read it.
Excellent education on shit American policy
A combination of scumbag lawyers (AKA AS ZONING EXPERTS & ELECTION CONSULTANTS), realtors (THEIR PIMPS), developers (like on WILLOW), bagmen (AKA GRAFT EXPERTS), and their political whores, mostly conservatives, are making certain that you will be srewed financiallly in modern McMansioned, 1 acre lot suburbs...   Then they will pass a zoning law requiring residents to build a multibillion$ sports stadium that  Y O U will have to pay for! Keep bending over AMERICA and SMILE !
Good content & Hulk clips were legend.  "...all I want from you is your best" 18:56
Gotta subscribe to keep in touch with fellow coloradians
Solution:  If you don’t like the Suburbs, don’t leave there.
I’m gonna call anti bag of milk propaganda bc I ain’t never seen a bag of milk in my Canuck life that looked like that!! Also bagged milk is just so much cheaper!!
14:32 OMG I'm bursting out with Laughter I legit thought you were trying to reference the "dad went to get milk" meme, completely forgot that Americans never seen a bag of milk in third life😂
While suburbs are boring I still prefer them over city. Of course I also prefer middle of nowhere Kansas over New York, LA, and the entire province of Quebec.
6:25 I don't know how you managed to survive
There is no question that you suffer from erectile disfunction.
Although,  building up too much is also a waste. High rises are actually even more expensive to maintain once you get over 2 stories.
Climate change isn't real. Build big houses where ever you like.
Bag o milk!  You can capri sun that stuff or put it in a pitcher like a human. Takes up less space, love it. Go Badgers🦡
I've entirely given up on cities. Whatever infrastructure they do build is the most deliberately ugly garbage, as if they started their design from the idea that humans are soulless meatbags that just need to be moved from point A to point B without any consideration given to comfort or aesthetics. In fact I'd almost argue that they design these things to be deliberately ugly. The houses look bad, the high rises look bad, the stores all look like warehouses: everything feels like the bare minimum of effort or even negative effort has been put into it. The art installations have literally nothing at all to do with the historical significance of the city, and all the new art is just google art. The plants are all in a half-dead state of permanent decay. The air is horrible. Entire generations of people waste their lives away buying fast food, alcohol, drugs, and other cheap thrills to distract them from their 8 to 6 job that barely funds their lives. They line up in droves for the latest overpriced fashion trends shilled by some corporate overlord. Everyone is very obese and is slowly dying from a thousand ailments, the old are cynical and jealous while the young are psychotic and jealous. The only people I've met who are happy to live in the city have either isolated themselves as much as possible from the outside world or exhibit the kind of unhinged exaltation that one would expect from a cult. The city dream is to escape the city, so that's exactly what I intend on doing.
total BS - would-be dictator
Interesting, but how come no one listens when we say these?
I look at this and think, we moved to the burbs to put up a barrier where you'd need a car to get there. So, if you are against that, well, up yours.  Everyone wants to be away from the crime & the blight. Many what to be away from the eco-loons leftist socialist leaning Democrats. Hence, why a lot of people move over the county lines in places.
Please keep the domesticated urbanites out of my wilderness
the idea that urban environments are "better" is purely subjective. I would never want to live in the city, regardless of which city it is
You can keep your concrete coffin living, I’ll be in the suburbs
What if you’re blind and can’t drive? How the hell would you get around these suburbs?
Detached single family housing suburbs are objectively the most pleasant form of housing in the world for the occupants and are what all people on earth should aspire to. Everyone should own their own land and home independent of the presence of others. I don't particularly like the soulless mass manufactured modern exurb look, but it is infinitely preferable to living in any city on earth.
America, but like, the "YEAAAH" is from a British band
Suburbs are great it's safe it's clean they're filled with people who believe in community
16:43 Ok, pretty sure those are a few of the most liberal states in America. They are not doing well these days. Why would anybody trust this video after that line-up. Also, houses are much more efficiently heated these days than the 70's, 80's, 90's. Insulation technology has come a long way. If you're unhappy with the current zoning practices and property not being affordable, then move.
Too much overt stupidity, leftist twaddle in this video for me. Couldn't make it through it.
So the suburbs are mostly bad because of bullcrap science, or as I like to call it, the big red scare climate change...
I want to be spread out from other people. If I wanted to live in the city, I would. I absolutely never want to. Guess where crime rates, taxes, smog are highest? Noise, traffic, no thanks to public transportation… Suburbs are becoming more valuable because land is being choked out by high density living. Every time we see high density housing go up, we cringe. No thanks!
Your topic is good, but too too much jokes.
We have a lot of high density in Sweden. If you want to see your neighbour eating breakfast and sitting 1 meter away from your neighbours balcony then go ahead its great. But no one would choose this if there was normal apartments available.
I honestly didn’t see anything wrong with this! Let’s go back to the good days!
I love my single family home and I am not against mixed use zoning but I am against giant apartment complexes that don't offer any other conveniences to the rest of the community. Plane high density housing alone often ends up poorly maintained and concentrating crime. Mixed use at least allows outside eyes to apply scrutiny to the outward conditions at a minimum. The large apartment complexes near me are often swarming with police but the mixed used shopping area near my work is significantly better. If we can maintain low crime rates as density increases, I don't think people would be so against higher density housing. What America understands as high density are crappy dilapidated apartments.
Very high density zones have other disadvantages. You should talk about them, too. A single family home is a status symbol because you can equip it with good isolation, renewable energy sources and other things a landlord can deny. You can have a BBQ at 9 PM without anyone holding you back. High density zones have a bad reputation in Europe. You might even get worse credit conditions because you live in one. That zone at 11:49 has other problems besides having single family houses.
bla bla bla climate..Only high end apartment owners / renters want to stay in them..
Hope I can move to the middle of dirt and greenery in Wyoming before most of residential America becomes a favela-land full of what are essentially interconnected storage containers. Welcome to hell ladies and gentlemen! Don’t worry, it gets much worse from here
What protections are you looking at can you sight your sources please? The projections I keep seeing are of a population decrease not increase
"A Bag of MIlk" bruh, what an counter-innovatice idea america, i did' expect much from you
I will admit that thoughless zoning and the desire for ownership led to the clogged hwys and ugly strip lots that mire our typical suburbs. But crap stick built dense apts are a far cry from the lifestyle typical Americans want.  We all know the propaganda spewed here is to push policies and values towards stacked urban development. But It's not for everyone! It's creates scarcity and is a control mechanism! Anyway, Prewar Single fam 50'x100' lots proved to be the way to mix the density for the vast majority of US cities prior to problem.  10-12k ppl/sq mile is achieved w this and huge popu can be serviced w a mix of row and SFDH units.
We just need all these stupid boomers to die they say the younger generations are lazy and what not ya know working 2 jobs still not getting by when they set the future up for complete failure while living as the most privileged generation like the sooner they are gone the better
I like the suburbs because I hate being in close proximity with other people
The main reason housing is expensive is too many people going for too few resources. Overpopulation is the basis of the issue.
When I retired and we decided to move to a state that caters to retirees, the first town we looked at had a section where, by zoning laws, all homes must be single family, one home to a lot and be on a lot of at least 1.25 acres. Yes! 1+1/4 acres per home. Where we bought (in a different town) 90% of the homes are each on 1/4 acre lots.
Did you really censor the word "god"? What? I'd give you a thumb down, but the editing jokes were good.
Just changed the name to The Dead Zone because that's the type of people who want to live there😴😪
I like yards. They allow for gardening and playing outside with the kids. How you supposed to do that with giant apartment or condo buildings?
America's white population is peaking at 200 mln ish. Everyone else can live in cities
Don't even get started on the people who live in the country!
I have never seen a "bag of milk"
I recently bought a detached house, but it is in a city. The house was built in 1923 and I think possibly the oldest on the street. I love how I am within walking distance to so many things, and there is a bus stop right by. I can walk to a lirary, zoo, park, restaurants, the river, gas station, grocery store, convenience store, a college and a high school.
There is plenty of high density shithole living available in shithole crime ridden cities. OMG was that a racist statement? Oh maybe you could set aside seeing a racist around every corner long enough to do some actual research on the actual cause of climate change. Spoiler alert, it's NOT carbon output
Don’t worry. Millennials and Gen- Z can’t afford a home anyway.
American architecture is so ugly. It's crazy
I doubt we'll have 100,000,000 new people with our falling birth rates (which is a bad thing btw). I guess with immigration we could.
Buying a bag of milk? Lmao
This is why we can't have nice things.  The old mofos stop progress as they are the ones that turn up to such meetings as they have too much time on their hands.  The younger people are too buy or don't care enough to attend even as they moan about the status quo.  The difference comes when they form the majority in some urban areas and moaning crosses over into action.
It's time we repeal and redo many laws like zoning laws and other laws like child support. Their out dated and today these laws is hurting many people than helping
08:05 why would Euclid Ohio care about Chicago factories? Makes me wonder about the rest of the “facts” of this video.
And this is why banks are removing suburbs off the market.
Came here from NJB. I think I'm gonna stay a while.
Thinks he's all that and a bag of milk. 🐮
Great post
Ill never live in a building with others. Sorry. Our world population is dropping. So ya we may need not to worry. Love you all
Well the women are doing their part of population control by aborting 930,000 babies every year. So you got to be thankful there.
This video looks like it was filmed in Calgary?
Great vid
When covid hit my backyard was my sanctuary; kids love been able to go outside: wouldn't change it; just get solar or other renewable  energy. Yes it cost money  but so do drinking and going out so just do less of that if you really care.
All new developments from what I saw in Maryland, Virginia and North Carolina have been townhomes. There are a few stand alone properties but they had smaller square footage inside. I have also explained high density zoning in NYC. After living in NYC for 25 years I hated the place and moved out. Also lived in Tokyo for 5 years and hated it also. Favorite places to live was Paris and Yokohama.
Bag of Milk. Just like nature always intended it to be. True Jugs. I appreciate your brilliance  to focus on that . I definitely  noticed , but was too busy watching the video to diverge.  I laughed way too loudly when you brought it back up  .
Something else I've noticed but anyone else notice you don't see small houses and cottages being built any more, it is mostly those big monsters. Some people still want a place that is just big enough for them. Maybe partly due to the fact that they do not sell for quite as high of a price and therefore can't be taxed as high, I mean city/county/state does want their cut.
Suburbs are now actually more diverse than the cities, according to the Brookings Institute. It will be interesting to see the implementation of the new California housing laws with high density areas in suburbs. I guess people will just love the significant increase of traffic and noise there.
I get it but apartment living is trash . Condo
Best video I've seen in a while.  Thank you brother Climate Town for doing what you do. Also I'm glad that I'm not the only one who apparently talks to geese.  They're just so big!
Rollie, if I agree to become a Patron, will you agree to buy a microphone that doesn't require tape to fasten to you shirt?  😁
I literally would not own a car if I could live in a mixed and walkable neighborhood. I hate driving. I hate other peoples driving. I hate other people in cars. I hate paying insurance companies blood money to keep out of jail every 6 months. I hate paying for gasoline. I hate car maintenance. I hate cars so much and I would never own one if I could afford to live in, and did live in, a mixed walkable neighborhood. I hate cars!!!!
High density housing increases crime and mental disorders. But yeah totally worth it for the planet right? I mean what's the worse that could happen with 400 million insane people?!?!?
If I could afford to live in a gated community or in a sparsely populated rural area I would.   I'm just so tired of the BS.
I love your videos! Well thought out AND funny! :D
Umm . . ."Bag" of milk? A bag? Of milk?
Unfortunately zoning is a issue. I miss the old days where it was “i got land, imma build whatever i want on it” and thus cities were born.   I think the point i am making is based on a quote i learned from a past job “if you were to follow every rule set by the FRA (Federal Railroads Administration) or its rule divisions too a T, you would never even move the train. Even the same goes for the FAA where rules change so much and are so convoluted as such from laws made by those who never even seen a airplane in real life.   Our entire planning commission is basically written by people who just are perfectly fine with making things difficult, complicated, and designed by people who don’t understand it or look merely to profit from it some how.   Also been to Levittown, it is truly a horrifying sight to behold.
I want to know what all those old morons that goes to the zoning meeting think about how many years they think they will still be able to drive a car and live in the R1 zone. Some young person can probably hope to live without help in those places for 30 or 40 years but some person that is already 70yo probably will live there without help for maybe 5 years, after that it will not be able to drive anymore and has to move to some shelter or ask for help. It will not be easy for them to live in a mixed zone and be able to just walk to the grocery without the need of a car, or meet other people in some park? They are just thinking against their own interests, not only against the interest of the future generations
Times are changing with the water table for years. Time to think safety. People will move out of  water areas. They must.    Where to?
So much racism can be solved by restoring economic freedom.
They are trying to that into Gwinnett Place Pall in GA ~ they've already done this in a lot of different pockets around Metro Atlanta.  I think they are stupid insofar as the building codes make living there insufferable and costly. Plus public transit is trash so you end up driving a lot still.  They would need to rezone, retrofit and also work on public transit.
White men talking about racism is cringe as hell
I prefer to live in an apartment complex
at 1:31 he asked for it to be shorter and the video instead decided instead to be 10 seconds longer lol
With a bag of milk you use a hight tect jug
If you lived in Russia, you would either have been killed or put in jail for 22 years.
Just fill up the landscape with heat attracting solar panels, that’d better, right?
😂
Living cities and rural areas sucks.
City council members will literally say stupid shit like: "it's not in our culture" all while corruption and racism is in 'the culture' smh
Imagine wanting to live in high density housing
What this video misses, is that current zoning laws simply reflect the fact that many folks still LIKE living in the suburbs.  When these folks don't want the suburbs any more, they will vote with their wallets and insist on whatever mass housing they prefer...and will elect local representatives committed to changing zoning laws. Younger generations are already opting AWAY from the suburbs and are either moving back to the city or into new shopping/mass-housing/entertainment complexes - which are being built all over with no apparent zoning issues.  Finally, the popular habit of injecting race into practically every discussion is gratuitous (especially when citing racist policies of many decades ago that no one would even attempt to defend today).  Up next (I suppose):  "How Mercedes Benz is racist"... for pricing their cars out of reach from many drivers of color.
Not to totally diss high rise affordable living, but there is a carbon negative option that allows you to have the more private life suburbs offer: underground housing. It sounds crazy but your entire house is geothermally cooled and heated no electricity required (except maybe in the winder due to some heat loss). You can also build it to still look like a normal house and have windows on all 4 sides whilst having 3ft of dirt and grass as your roof which can give you even more “land”. I personally think it’s the best way to compromise bc I’ve had too many bad neighbor experiences and I’m sure many others have too. If you run the whole house off of solar and geothermal (if available) you could be carbon negative potentially if you buy a responsibly sourced EV. I think it shouldn’t replace affordable housing by any means but it’s something we need to add to our toolbox of climate solutions. It’s not great for tectonically active places tho ofc
What about a waste management plant next to a public school??
My father and mother grew up in the Depression. My father fought for 4 years in WWII, starting at age 18 yo. They sacrificed more in a few years than the clowns in these videos will in a lifetime. They grew up in cities and dreamed of leaving the grime, noise, crowds, and living in open, sunny spaces, in a relatively large house.  For you to associate that dream with "racism", just shows your utter, arrogant ignorance. YouTube should take your video down- No, actually, leave it up-it's an advertisement of arrogance that speaks for itself.
America big, empty steets.
Interesting video. Here in the UK every housing project  has to be proportional . So for every 10 big houses you build you have to build 50 medium ones and 100 apartments.. it’s mainly to stop cities trying to build only big houses and drive out poor people.
Irony Alert - we were just interrupted with a REAL ESTATE AD - ok, back to the video. (SEPIA TIMES? Ha ha ha)
I just found you & laughed out loud more than several times while cringing then stopping for a minute to SHARE  and email cuz I’m a person who just can’t wait til the end. Great video. Now…how can I change the world B4 I kick the bucket, which could be ANY TIME… since we’re all on borrowed time as it is….I don’t even know what that means…
Sad complainer don't have kids be pro abortion, control the influx of "migrants" coming into the country, don't take any medications and see you on the other side......
Yet none of the climate demonstrators speak of the root cause of climate destruction.  Instead they get together, talk non sense and pollute even more and are the contributors to the evil of overpopulation.
I find you hilarious and I find this sort of thing to be fascinating, but I'm functionally dependent on having a girlfriend and I never had one, so if I could, I'd definitely want to help out in improving zoning and everything else. Oh well, it's a chicken or egg situation for me. Bag of milk.
I love the burbs
Sounds like America never changed.
When i visited the US i was just kinda laughing as we drove hours to find resturant that wasnt a chain of steakhouses or fast food, And the city just kept repeating itself. A line of housing then used car lots, stripmall and then a new line of white castles and mcd and houses again. Its like someone in brussels explained city to you guys over the phone. Its totally fucked and its not even a good/decent reason for your country to be like that....
If cities weren’t so shitty, suburbs wouldn’t exist.
Bullshit on the channel. If Americans truly hated single family zoning, they'd vote in politicians to repeal it. I heard Gavin Newsome is planning to put ya'll in 100 story concrete tower blocks to live like good little worker ants.
Let’s be real, a lot of these communities exist because of red lining and racism. Certain ppl wanted to keep their communities white and did everything possible to keep out color. Even isolate themselves from everything. They would need a car to reach the neighborhoods so ppl who took public transit couldn’t have access (which includes a lot of POCs). This still happens because those same ppl and their kids are still planning cities with segregation being the priority and functionality being an after thought. While the suburbs are annoying for everyone, they’re a nice slice of karma pie. 🤷🏾‍♀️
Where I live in the United States there are no building codes, restrictions etc. In 2018 I paid $60k for 30 acres with a water well, 2000 sqft cement floor shop & 2500 sqft home. We didnt even have 911 service in this area until 2016. It's away from any large city...perfect for the coming famine. Go live in the city, sleep in a pod, eat the bugs and rent everything & be "happy". That's not for me.
We should all live in pods and eat insects. Then we will be happy.
Seems like getting rid of office buildings and letting what would normally be office workers actually work for their domicile would be efficient too.  If anything the pandemic showed that most folks are just as productive - if not more productive - working from home.  Being able to cut power to a ton of energy intensive office buildings, would be a start; tearing them down and putting up parks to act as CO2 sinks would make that land useful.
Add... 'Mental Health' to that List of +++++ ....and Normal 'Social Skills' To Boot!!!!!! I Mean.. How Many 'Angry' Drivers Did You Encounter on Your Way; Just Today..... You Can't Stop and 'Smell The Roses, Much Less Say 'Hi' How Are You'.... If You Can't STOP to 'Smell The Roses'.
In russian farteration are opposite situation. There are huge buildings full of tyni tyni apartment... So I think some one see how this business goes in RF and to duplicate thier experience. To push this idea this someone payed to author for making video about how bad suburbs are... Situation as I saw it through numerous videos are really bad, but build apartment housing are not the resolution of this situation.
Thank you for sharing your brilliant sense of humor, coupling it with important information. 🕊
11:11 Why did u write CULS-DE-SAC instead of CUL-DE-SACS? U have me confused and i cant go to bed thinking about why u did it...
You are a very handsom guy who is funny and smart in the same time, and has a healthy amount of irony and sarcasm in every video. If I am not married, I would be more than happy to be your partner in crime in returning your student loan :) Keep up the good work! Lots of kisses from Europe!
When people start talking about "climate change" burning you to the ground, you know you are listening to imbeciles, who want you to eat bugs and live in crowded inner city ghettos with drug addicts and homeless bums. No thank you. Only 10% of US is currently being used by people. There's plenty of land and opportunity to live if it wasn't for this insane, out of control climate freaks and commies.
Hipsters like you can just stop having kids
Great video, but i am somewhat disappointed, to you who preaches to people about googling and getting information since it is so available, to knock bagged milk off a single google image that is clearly satire is an offense to the good bagged milk truly does. To a channel so very concerned about the environment, you should know that bagged milk is better for the environment in both transport and the plastic used for the containers. A picture of milk bags being closed by rubber bands should not affect you judgements on how milk bags are better than jugs and cartons, especially since milk bags don't use rubber bands in the first place
Love your work! But... Fun fact. Population is going down. That's right the birth rate is less than 2.0., 2.0 being static population, 2.1 being a very slow growth rate. So, the population is going down! The future ain't what we thought it was... But the same bastards will be running it.
Using bags of milk saves on average 33% of money per unit milk, raw production resources; it cuts on pollution drastically, is easier to dispose of or collect for disposal of as well as cleanup, reuse or recycle than any tetrapak or other plastic container counterpart.
Ok so how do we allow condos without more low income housing dropping property values and without moving drugs and crap out to the burbs
Another propagandist trying to get me to live in a box. I'm never gonna give up my house and land that I own
American way of life... Biggest waste ever !
Coming from someone who live in apartment, these suburbs look isolated and inconvenience as hell.
For most of my life the "USA number 1!" mantra has been coming out of the US constantly. It's nice that recently (since the rise of social media??) more and more Americans are starting to realise how shit many aspects of their society are... or maybe the alternative voices are now being heard and not drowned out so much by the inane chatter of moronic "patriots". It says a lot that when I meet Americans on holiday here they generally fall into 2 camps. 1) The complete imbeciles that are overtly racist and have this vacant look in their eyes, and 2) The more switched on Americans who feel the need to apologise for being American when they introduce themselves or need to clarify that they are not the dumb racist types. That's a generalisation but, working as a tour guide, I have met thousands of Americans on their holidays and American tourists often fall into one of these two camps. (Literally no other holidaymakers come out with the pure racist comments that some Americans make. Only from American tourists have I heard this, "You know what's so great about your country? No blacks or Mexicans." Like, even if tourists from other countries might think shit like that, you will only hear it being said loudly and confidently by Americans.) Fortunately the second type of Americans are generally super friendly and fun to be around.
That’s why tent cities should be perfected have security laundry showers toilets  day care I’m down how about you ?
😮 America, what part of your entire sodding nation was not built on some kind of racism? Housing, jobs, loans, food, education, healthcare, farming, beauty standards, entertainment; there's even black and white video of racist pouring chemicals of black kids because they didn't want them to learn how to swim in their pools. Wtf? You people were practically what Nazis dreamed of becoming.  With more than 2/3 of America being overweight, redesigning places to become walker friendly sounds divine. Try walking to the grocer, not only will you stop buying everything in sight, you also won't be wasting money on a bunch of non-essentials or things that will won't last you at least you for a while.
Why are you doing this video exactly? If you quote and copy Not just bike ... literally... you... said the same thing. Just add a quick link we can click of his Youtube channel.. make it simpler. :D
Live in the pods and eat the bugs
When you pierce your bag of milk on the way home…. 🤯
Excellent content! I lived for a period in the suburbs of Philadelphia PA, Paoli to be specific, and I was shocked by one thing: some streets do not even have sidewalks. This means that even trying to walk to the nearest department store, which would take about 40 minutes, would require that I risk my life by walking on the shoulders of the roads. Normal life is impossible without a car the suburbs of Philadelphia. I just put myself in the shoes of people who had to sell their car due to financial difficulties, or even simply that their car broke down, what do these people do to go to work and buy groceries? How comes America is capable of inventing the atomic bomb and super advanced electronics, but lacks the common sense of putting sidewalks for people to just walk?
I love suburbs
America is so young.  Maybe there's still hope for us.
i dig the stache bro
I like books
No one cares about "climate change", nor should they. The climate grift needs to end.
We can keep suburbs and improve them. We don't need to get ridbof them. The end result of getting rid of them will just result in people being forced to love in dense apartments in overpopulated cities. I'd rather live in the suburbs than that anyday.
Probably shouldn't get any info from a guy in a hat standing in a road. Hahaha.
I hate suburbs and hate cities more. Give me miles of open farm land, forests and mountains between me, my closest neighbors and town. I like a long senic drive to go shopping once a week or month.
This guy clearly has never taken a plane over the United States. We are EMPTY.  using "hundreds" of acres is literally a drop in the bucket.  The Chinese managed to make it work with their east coast, - Close to a billion people live on their coastal region.   I might be mistaken... But I am certain MOST people would rather live in a single family house, than share in a high density environment.  You are acting as if people do not prefer to have privacy?  Perhaps that's a you thing.  SIngle Family Zoning is far better than living like the chinese.  In massive concrete blocks where people bath out of buckets.  I call BS on high density living equates to less traffic..  That is pure BS unless EVERYONE takes the bus.  Why is it that the highest density places in the USA have the worst traffic?   Im 2 minutes in and I'm done.
I could never live in the burbs. I grown in rural communities and live in a city, but screw boring suburbs
8:05 Chicago?  I think you meant Cleveland.
Like Endore, governance rulings should have been all concrete bunkers, blastdoors and trees everywhere.  As much preservation like parks, national reserves, safari style zoos, and nature as possible.  I blame the artsi fartsi attitudes of architecture and their own selfishness of grandeur for monstrousities which also helped scrape the land void of our natural environments.
I always like how people with a “moral superiority” complex want to tell everyone else how to live.  Most of us don’t want to live in your crap city.
America's new developments are a complete abomination.. ugliest useless houses I've ever seen in any country..
Ahem, excuse me, but bags of milk are actually more sustainable. Could learn a thing or two from us Canadians! Otherwise, a great video!!
id rather die than live in a city apartment building
So this is what he does when he’s not playing pool…
Let me guess: you love cities, apartments, and bikes. Not everyone is like you. Some people like large gardens, space, and being able to go somewhere with a car. Don't like America? Leave it or move to some blue state city. There you'll find like-minded people. We love cars. We love residential areas. We love space. We love large houses. We hate apartments and crowded ("walkable") cities. Single-family homes are the norm and single-family homes are what every normal father, mother, and child aspires to.  There's a particular ideology that promoted packing people in huge buildings: It was called communism. High-density living is stressful, expansive, and dangerous. Everyone in Europe hates being forced to live in Paris or London to work. The moment they can work from home they move outside cities. If you are not married for more than 5 years and have less than 4 kids, you should not be able to voice your opinion, it's that simple.
0:36 Lol who believes that. Those won't be the kind of people that can afford to live in suburbia...
Come on guy, who wants to live in an apartment with neighbors on all sides.  Not me, kids need room to roam and play in their own yard without being molested by perverts at the local park.
I'm sad we can't build brownstones. Townhomes are so cute
I live in Warsaw, Poland and I would never believe I would one day see a benefit of living in a post-communist world made of apartment blocks. But now, after travelling a lot around the world my view has changed so drastically. I have literally 100 metres to the nearest metro station, train station, bus station and a tram. I can be in any part of the city in 20 minutes max. We have 10 shops within 5min walk, a 15min walk to the nearest opera, theatre, park, hospital, swimming pool, medical center, a freaking zoo and a trylion of restaurants. We see our friends every week. We go to a gallery during workdays. We eat out a lot and enjoy the hell out of it. I can jump out of work for half an hour to check how my son is doing at preschool. I can book a dentist appointment 15 minutes in advance. Spontaneity is our life, not a hassle. I still remember how powerless I felt when I lived in a suburban detached house and had to plan every activity in advance, or god forbid, ask for a ride to buy a stupid bag of milk (it’s a thing now Jason). Or literally risk my life trying to walk to the nearest mall (god I hate malls).
And the whole problem is the zoning meeting.  Authorities are receiving paybacks from developers and contractors and the very few people that attend those meetings only go there because they have nothing better to do (besides watching reruns of Bonanza) nothing will change and America will keep running this ponzi scheme of "development for progress" Were I live (SWFL) there is plenty of urban and commercial spaces finished and empty but we still building new ones  (of course the empty houses are  $400k+ houses, nothing affordable available)
I'm not sure this is accurate, the fertility rate is at 2.1 meaning we are just at the replacement rate. That would imply population is not growing? so idk where 100 million number would come from?
Great video. American history is depressing AF.
I like living in a single family house... preferably with enough space among the neighbors. I enjoy a more private setting. Nothing wrong with condos/townhouses/multifamilies if one chooses to live that way. I've done it before. What I dislike though are those neighborhoods that is one big house after another after another on small lots... you know, that look like they're only 15 feet or so apart from each other. These neighborhoods are typically newer based on this design concept [from late-'90s and up] with these ridiculous proportions. It's what I call "a clusterf*ck" that ruins the landscape. Driving through them is like being inside a maze, and you also get that same image from looking down from an airplane window. The funny thing is that these neighborhoods are also overpriced. Well, everything nowadays is, but these places especially... Overpriced and tacky.
Bag of milk? smh
You are my personal hero
I just realized that my middle school would occasionally use bags of milk to feed us and you're right if you put a whole in it and it drops it's more likely to spill as apose to a carton of milk.
you take your bag of milk home and put it in your milk picture, and refuse to live in a community that has a HOA.
Americans population well not expand by a 100 million the next 30 years lol maybe 25+ 30 million if you take in over a million immigrants a year. retad video your cultur a all over devolped countrys fails to even repoduce so.
I want to live on my 10 hectare property and have everything delivered by drones.
idk hearing your neighbours play music or barking dog through your ceiling isn't amazing
Wait for Elon Musk to solve the problem
Midtown Miami is a good example.  An old railroad yard is now a walkable neighborhood.  Condo, Resturants. A Trader Joe’s just opened.   Everyone walks and bikes.  What a great asset to the City of Miami.
In Perú they sell milk in bags lol
Bulls--t, my town's city council promotes high density housing. They want every tax dollar they can get, more people more money. More people more strain on the natural resources. Yes America has a lack of home crisis, a homeless crisis, a natural resource crisis.
I 100% sure that if they remove R1, there is not going to be a European style houses magically appearing there. There is going to be 3-story town-homes packed right next to each other. We have this in Canada - they just build more town-homes on that land, this is the way to make more money for builders. These home don't have any infrastructure around, so amount of cars increases even more. Nobody rides bicycles to work because they are still far away. Since they don't have driveways - people just park their cars on a road. The neighbourhoods look like huge parking lots. People who move in there - are families with lower income, so nobody with money wants to volunteerly move in there.
I love videos about shitting on suburbs. But then I go to any 'high density housing area' in US ... and there is trash everywhere, graffiti, panhandlers, crazy people. People don't maintain their property, throw away garbage on a street and so on and on an on .... so ... I understand why people move to suburbs further away from average american inbreeds.
Suburbs are only a problem because people don't want to exist as a community  If you're going to rely on corporations for everything, you might as well just move to the city, having to go out of your way to get something isn't a big deal when you can usually avoid it by just ask your neighbor, but people don't seem to want to live like that anymore
I would push for more single family homes!
If this is the Peak Performance in City Planning, its not good. Hehahu xD
The Democrats are bleeding America dry my friend.
As someone who hates car dependent infrastructure and a NJB fan I love the choice of location and I swear that is where I grew up in Longmont, Colorado (but also I understand if it’s not because suburbia all looks the same)
people were not meant to be stacked like sardines.  Spread out as much as possible, its healthier in every single respect.
i hate living in the suburbs so much. the only greenery around is on lots that haven’t yet been bought and turned into more copy paste single family homes
I went to a zoning meeting before.. It was at 1pm on a Tuesday, which is when most people are working..  And what was said is true.. I was the youngest person there (30), by at least 35 years.. The only people who go are old cucks who only want to make sure nothing changes..
This video opens with a lie: The US population IS NOT expected to increase by 100 million in the next 40 years.  There are now dozens of publications showing the decline in fertility and birth rates.  We are no longer having children at replacement rates.  The US population is expected to peak at around 365 to 375 million and then decline.
As a kid, living in the city was the dopest shit compared to the suburbs with not even a bus stop. Man i was 12 just going to the mall, stores etc all on my own, made it easy to spend time with friends. 100% fuck the suburbs. City life 💯
Shout out to the tiny shot of the backside of the Oak Park mall in Overland Park, KS @ 8:43 - they've now had their 1.5 seconds of fame
as a swede, i cannot comprehend why anyone would ever live in those kinds of suburbs. it looks so awful.
Every suburb in the US looks the same, a bunch of identical looking houses built on a field far far away from any store, school or facility. My grandma lives in a town in Romania and within 15 minutes or less walking distance she can get to everything she needs to survive, pharmacy, church, heirdresser, grocery store, minimarket, real market, bus stop, schools etc. That's how a neighborhood is supposed to function like.
Great video
Aaaw yes, I live near an old Street Car Suburb—Norfolk, Virginia—specifically a district called Ghent, and it is an absolutely gorgeous walkable community with lovely parks and a lake right in the heart.
This guy is pretty smug. Biased.
Facilities witin a 5 minute bicycle ride or 15 minute walk from my house: -Dozens of supermarkets and convenience stores -Dozens of bars and restaurants -A whole Highstreet filled with dozens clothing stores and other specialized stores -An Ikea -Several big box electronics, furniture, sporting goods and DIY stores. -Dozens of doctors, dentists, and other 1st line medical practitioners -Several pharmacies -A hospital -An indoor ice-skating ring -A soccer stadium -Several theatres, imagine being able to walk to the local Opera house. -A basketball ring/convention center etc... Crime is low because there are always people walking or cycling around, even at night.  Yes, as a result most people do not have a garden, and those who do are small. And you usually have to park your car out of sight from your house.  Wouldn't you want to give that up to get all that convenience in return.  Greetings from the Netherlands 😉.
Is that Colorado? Cause it looks like Colorado.
I don’t think you’ll achieve this simply by providing people with the option. While I recognize the advantages of living densely I’ve also experienced the negatives. This will require government compulsion and likely government managed design and construction. Just because they do it well in Amsterdam doesn’t mean we will. Our public housing and homeless housing attempts have been mostly disastrous.   I think the only way to get people to abandon automobiles will be to slowly strangle them with costs. The least fortunate will surrender first. The wealthiest will never have to.
You are wrong about bagged milk. There's a small chain in WI, MN and IA called Kwik Trip. They give you a great reusable container, for free, and there is much less plastic waste using bagged milk.
I can't stand these over educated types who think they know how our society 'must' act to avoid a disaster that they declared as guaranteed and therefore everyone should do as they say. They think they alone can engineer a 'better' future because of a panic-inducing belief that 'climate change' is necessarily catastrophic in every way. This dogma seems to cause them to behave as if they are superior to anyone who questions it, because no one else understands this as they do. But they are often woefully unaware of what they don't know and remain willfully ignorant of what other do know if it doesn't align with their precepts.  However before accepting these beliefs one need only to remember the book titled 'The Population Bomb' since it too once had a dogma held by many unquestioningly. Because one can accept climate change as real but to say it is all bad is no different then saying something is all good with no downside.
I'm all on board with proper Road design, real public transit, zeroscaping lawns, and all that. But you'll never convince me that living nose to anus with other humans is something I'm going to have to put up with.
I live in an Spanish compact city, and buy things or visit friends is just a matter of walking 2 min on the street , social life and services are so accessible.
Yeah everybody loves living in boxes in close proximity to each other. Don't forget that some people don't like other people
Funny , amazing  , educational      i really like you video ,  also a descent language  , this is a video you can watch with kids and family ,  thank you .
Suburbs and low density housing is great. Urban planning is nightmareish.
Americans should learn the matric system and build with bricks.
The problem is the 100 million more people. There is no housing solution for that. Whether they drive cars or bikes.
I love the intentionally bad editing at about 15:14 “magic of editing” 😂. So much great sarcasm in this. I learned a lot, and actually got pumped up about it. Nice work!
DAMN.. i miss golden colorado
I'll take sustainability and climate change seriously when government and corporations address and resolve built-in-obsolescence.
(some of whom were racist by the way) whaaaaaaat nooo 😱
Or limit immigration so the population grows less
How did this stupid shit end up on my feed?
I’m still getting a regular house lol I’m not living attached to some random strangers
I mean if city living (in america) was an example of good living, then you could sell this. Unfortunately, most medium to large cities are cesspools at this point. Untill they can be successfully pulled off, that's a no go. Crime and filth are off the hook.
When Germans started to move into America, and I mean architects and engineers with experience from city planning, they were literally shouting at GOP and Dems that these zoning laws are terrible, that their city planning is atrocious and will only leads to problems... Well, they got silenced. Hard.   What America is now discovering, is how it works EVERYWHERE IN THE WORLD. Literally.
So happy to be European!!  XD  Also happy i left that 'zoning fetish' country your from 'not just bikes' is from.   The Netherlands is literally the worst country of the whole of Europe to live in.  Unless of course you are a military character..., you know, yhw kinda person that likes to follow orders. Nothing wrong we that, we need those yes-men as well, but i value freedom. One reason i could never live in the US.
If global warming is real why do you own a coat
The free-est country in the world. XD xD xD XD   Suuuuure XD
This seems like a big billionaire advertisement for “affordable housing” aka shove these peasants into cardboard boxes.
lies! birth rate is collapsing!
No family one wants the apartment life man
homeowners don't want apartments near them, it destroys property value.
Detached house can be much more energy efficient than condo or apartment. It is all down to thermal resistance. With the high thermal resistance detached house can be even an energy passive. And you can use solar power for every day commute. Or work remotely. But yes, USA detached houses are not made to the world's greatest standards. Europe does it much better in all aspects. You can't build a house in Finland with 3-4 inches of insulation for example. That's simply not enough. But in USA you can. And you can put a shitty single wooden front door in USA as well. And then you cry about carbon dioxide. Nice attempt but no.
Elephant in the room - most people want to live in the suburbs in a big home with a bit of land/ garden
Am I the only one that heard him say "buy a bag of milk?
Suburbs rule. Keeps me away from hipsters. 🤣
~ *Millions of Americans living peacefully in their homes and paying up to half of their income in taxes.* ~  Some random YouTuber wearing a beanie: “how dare these people bleed America dry. They need to pay more and cram themselves into a city to save the planet.”  🙄
It's disingenuous to blame zoning laws on racists. All the leftists I've talked to think that zoning laws are great and think that only right wing selfish libertarians hate zoning.
This would be better without all the 'wacky' asides
The best thing is to figure out how to get 5 billion people off the planet. Figure that out.
Imagine that, people generally don't want to live in tiny boxes with loud neighbors right behind, and above, and bellow, the wall and without their own yard and would rather have their own nice quiet house with a backyard, where they can have a garden, swimming pool, a large dog or anything else that's hard or impossible with a tiny box apartment. Who could have guessed. If you Americans can't figure out how to move businessess inside the neighborhoods (like in most Europe) and can't figure out how sidewalks and buses work, then that's your problem, not the suburbs as a concept.
I don't want to live in pods and eat bugs, I want a single family home with cattle
I love the suburbs, nice, spacious houses with gardens. Sucks to live in cramped apartments with kids.
I don’t want to live in a tiny house in the city.  I want land and space.   The suburbs as maligned as they are, are what’s in my price range.
"a bag of milk is the single family housing of the beverage carrying world."
My HOA is full of old people. They don’t like it when I want to do stuff, and it nourishes me.
14:27 your videos kill me man 😆
LOL if you think sprawl is bad, you are not really familiar with concrete human hives. You don't know how lucky you are in the States.
Does he play pool?
1:30 - that’s what she said!
dude, theres a famous song about this. unfortunately youre a rap obsessed ignorant milly know nothing "know it all" that has no clue about whats good.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYYdQB0mkEU&ab_channel=RushVEVO
Another socialism propaganda bs. After living his best life in the suburbs of one of the country's best regions, it would be fun to watch this dude raising a family of 2 kinds in one of those apartments he's talking so passionately about.
tbbt is nice weirdo
Propaganda ; no need to watch brainwashing for the low IQ
As long as real estate is an investment tool nothing will change.
Live in ze pod eat ze bugs 🐛
all that because of bunches of outdated laws written by sum racist rich white politicians back when our founding father was still alive, and nobody in the government bothers to fix or remove them!  freedom, huh?
The USA = Apartheid!!!
Everything that human kind can do wrong to spee duplicate climate change, is basically all happening
How about we check the population. Growth is not a virtue.
I'm so jealous of that area in oregon but it looks expensive.
I'm completely fine with bag of milk jokes, but given your niche, I just wanna say that bagged milk was pretty forward thinking, at least until we got to fully biodegradable cartons. In terms of zoning, why build redundant infrastructure (packaging) for a product when you can have a reusable pitcher and reduce waste? It's not like there's a ton of demand for chugging your milk on the way home from the grocery store.
Seeing like a state is a great book on this topic :) it explains in detail how mixed used zones are a more natural and enjoyable way to live. It also goes into why city zoning doesn't work.. It's such a shame that this knowledge about mixed vs zoned is not more applied. There are tons of examples that show that mixed city planning is just more efficient, enjoyable and healthy (yes healthy as well, a study here in the Netherlands showed that people who live in zoned areas are more susceptible to becoming depressed).
These days they are ‘anti-racist’ which means no whites, or asians because they are ‘white adjacent’
So move into cities so you can go looting with all the cool kids. That way businesses will leave for the safer suburbs cause the dam kids are too lazy to walk all the way to the store to loot it. Then there will be no businesses in cities and they will feel like open air jails for stupid people with degrees in worthless fields
this guy knows nothing but he sure acts like it for 20 minutes
the main culprit here is the old people in charge.
Move along soy boy.
No one has ever explained to me the difference between living on level 3 or 103.
Vegas is really bad for this also. We’re in a desert yet they want to build out vs up….. they could keep way more money downtown and so on.
We're looking at the next John Oliver, except actually funny.
'We've got to be smarter about how we do housing'... We won't, just like climate change, plastics, fossil fuel and too many cars. It's pretty much game over already, unfortunately.
Until we remove the idea that buying a single family home equals superior social and financial status, people will continue to build these homes. Because by God, it’s better to keep up appearances to please others than take care of the Earth, which will kick us all off, if she becomes too angry. What will it take to stop worshipping money and superficiality? That’s what this video should be called…
I live in Texas in a multi-family condo neighborhood (which is still too far away from restaurants and grocery stores to walk). There is also classism and racism in multi-family housing, because we rent and were just told we have to move, ‘so there aren’t too many renters’ on the property. The property manager explained to me that renter’s don’t take care of the property like owners do, they let weeds grow up in their yards, he said. To which I replied, the HOA maintains the exterior landscaping, so that’s not relevant here, right? Once you’ve lived here for two years, you must move out, even if your landlord wants you to stay. So owners get to have stable housing, but not renters, gotcha.
Isnt it crazy that Racism is the basis of just about every problem in this country.  Its crazy that most white people dont even believe its as real as it is.
What is the problem with climate change? I don't understand. I see the problem of that zonning like a total waste of human time and economic resourse, which can be distrubitted a lot more efficiently. Looks for me that you try to make a new religion here. You have nice list of what people shouldn't do, and than to substantiate these claims you use collective horror story about climate change. It looks like bible with its nice moral rules, but but imposed through the promises of heaven and the fear of hell.
THE MAGIC OF EDITING!!!
I feel that the problem is that walkable and convenient neighborhoods threaten the bottom dollar of vehicle manufacturers, oil producers, city revenue, and probably 10 other interconnected systems that wouldn’t fall apart but would see smaller growth, god forbid. I love living in an apartment complex, there is a sense of community that you loose or at least is impeded upon by the separation of single family homes, which aren’t going anywhere for those that want them.
I actually can't wait to get out of the Netherlands. Not going to the US though, not in a million years. I hope you guys fix your zoning issues soon.
The majority of tax revenue for schools, roads, and utilities comes from the property tax of home owners and car owners per capita. I dont see your point, without that tax revenue we would have to increase taxes elsewhere to continue funding schools, roads and utility work.
I feel like this is totally dependent on the type of people that live in the area. Colorado seems like a great place to do something like this. Personally I don't want to live next to a Target or grocery store if there is homeless drug addicts everywhere.
Single family zoning is the right way. All this communist style housing makes it so no one can actually own any land. Stuffing everyone into tiny boxes in cities  isn't right. Just look at crime rates in the suburbs vs cities. Every time I see a new apartment complex or subdivision of town homes it pisses me off. People deserve to own a home with a yard.
Urbandale did not wreck Des Moines.
I'm not sure why you are complaining America is Really Really large.
Hello fellow Coloradan!
Cry me a river......
Thats why I love how the hood is designed everything in walkable distance and not to crowded with bomb food
You're of course aware that bags of milk is a New England thing, and thus American, that spread to Canada, right?
The actual problem is that cities suck. Suburbs around cities suck. They are crowded, expensive, and polluted. I prefer to live rural outside a small town. What family wants to grow up in a small condo up an elevator in a building in a city? Oh goody, sign me up. At least I can walk to...the grocery store? Bar? I don’t know, why does this matter to a child? Man, cities are gross.
We need less fucking people. Momma earth has a way of getting rid of some of us. Or pappa universe
Your mind is blown from knowing that the plural of cul-de-sac is culs-de-sac? Wait till you found out what it literally translates to!
High density housing sucks tho lol like they are always managed bad/by slumlords
petrolium is in every "momdern advancement" and no not just gas tanks.... every single peice of plastic, every road, every palstic car part, every plastic gear, every plastic bag, container, plastic insulation ETC ETC ETC.....  electric cars are also a large portion petroleum because of all the plastic parts.
8:20 I was cleaning my room half listening and I was REALLY hoping that Euclidian zoning was based on non-Euclidian geometry. My brain short circuited and I didn't realize until I typed it out that the interesting geometry is actually non Euclidian, whoopsie. Maybe I'll start Escherian zoning. 8:39 I believe "overtly" racist would be the more accurate adjective here. I just researched the etymology of each word and I believe explicit has more to do with the unfolded result...being racism.
No suburbs(anymore) or high density housing (expensive/small) for me. I'm done. I want space and peace not densely packed, noisy cities.
Liked for the 90s style magic of editing gag
The suburbs is the worst. You have no privacy yet everything is inaccessible except by car. I either want to live in the heart of the city where goods and services can easily be obtained without driving, OR I want to live so far in the country that I can't see my neighbors from my window. And ditch the lawns, they're expensive, time consuming, and environmentally destructive.
I want to hear the full length over-enthusiastic recorder rendition of September.
So what’s your solution?
100M? the research I have done all points to less people over the long run.
I vote for eco homes built into the ground! If you haven’t seen them I’d recommend checking it out on YouTube.
And many countries of Asia still have racist residences.  I've been told directly that a co do building was "Japanese only".
Considering how close those houses are and such small plots, they could be considered townhouses. Suburbs are great are great for young families.
“America is projected to grow by 100 million over the next century…” Can we not?
USA needs to limit 1 child per household like they did in Japan
Dude we tried that already they're called Chicago and New York nobody wants to live on top of each other and always connected to each other space is a good thing
thumbnail was a lie. he didn't use taekwondo on the houses
The U.S. Population is going to expand by one hundred million? Where are they going to come from? Other countries? People your age are producing a negative birth rate - so how's that going to work?
Try living in Vegas. Every house is made of basically styrofoam, they all look alike, and they cost $400,000.
The real problem with this, is tenant / landlord laws in America are hollow laws. They favor landlords heavily throughout most of the US, which leaves tenants powerless. This, along with poor building practices and uneducated / corrupt building inspectors make living in multi-family buildings very undesirable in America.
make cities more attractive than suburbs for families by enforcing laws, locking criminals up, stop allowing camping anywhere, focus on reducing crime and suburbs will be less attractive.  what are liberals doing?  the opposite of all those things.  -so dumb
Everyone should be able to live in a single-family house with at least a 1/4 acre lot if they so choose. People are having fewer kids. Keep out all immigrants and our population would not grow by 100 million in the next 30 years, and everyone would be more prosperous.
Yup. Why would anyone want to live in a detached home, in spread out/non-congested neighborhood, with low crime, quality parks, etc, when they can live like sardines in a can, in a high-rise apartment, with a never-ending stream of noise coming from outside?
The documents you show at 7:15 specifically mention blacks and Asians, yet you only mentioned how the zoning laws are racist against black people. Why leave asians out?
If Americans could all live in town houses without caring whats going on next door at the neighbors house. But they love to regulate and control what others around them do. Makes single family houses more desired for privacy and tranquility
The sizes of those houses are just insane.
I hate suburbs 1. Most if not all houses are exactly the same 2. Yards are tiny 3. The houses are usually the same color or the same dull color like grey brown or a dull blue. 4. The roads are too thin to where u can't park on the street
Make another law allow this joined living spaces but make the flats at least (4 rooms 1 bath 1 kitchen as minimum size...) fuck all of those 2 room apartments they build everyone wants more space especially if you want children... but 2 room apartments get more rent in capitalism.
One has to appreciate the irony of “the suburbs are racist” contrasted against ultra white Northern Europe and ultra white bougie modern walkable cities. None of these models is actually progressive.
what a knob. he buys every piece of BS the clever globalists put on his tv.
And this is the great reset.   You will own nothing and be happy.
I am pretty sure that spending 3-4 months in typical soviet apartments which is kind of epitome of idea of careful urban planning with one ”standart” school, one “standart” hospital and one cinema per 4 blocks will ruin your leftists signs on America”s housing situation.  And problem of excessive emissions per house will be nothing against tons of other problems caused by centralized power and amenities supplies which you have to solve not by yourself but collectively with people of different social background. Or you have to choose to solve it by state and you get in trap of primitive communism and totalitarism. This housing scheme “1 family = 1 house” is a dream for many many families in the world and it’s a shame that you try to say it’s wrong. Let’s find ways yo make it affordable for everyone and sustainable for nature, but not criticize it, please.
Yeah this doesn't touch on the problem though which is: someone invested their whole life into now living in area separated from the problems generated from high density housing. I also like the "racism" thing, because... yeah. Whites were here with guns first, so... they kind of kept that going on
I used to be a framing carpenter and I worked at a lot of booming suburb sites. Ranches, split foyer two stories, duplexes, I just about seen them all. It didn’t take too many years for me to say these neighborhoods make me wanna barf and I knew I didn’t wanna live in them. The American Dream is for the most part a glorified box made out of oriented strand board and will barely last 100 years without some serious maintenance. They’re not the farm house I grew up in. After all the houses I helped build. I’d rather have a tiny home out in the boonies or a mobile compact living situation.
I love how one minute I'm watching a bit about redzoning and the next, I'm watching a clip of Hulk Hogan.
lol bel mar , that place is so boujee...
14:32 more Patreon supporters needed ASAP for proper monitor stand
So what are you proposing? Get rid of suburbs? Have every live in packed apartments? F off hippy.
The city I live in now is kinda shit, but I will give them credit for turning the old mall into an outdoor mall with apartments and a grocery store.  In both my city and the adjacent city are large, run down, mostly or completely empty strip malls that need to be developed into something else.  People have tried to pressure the governments into turning them into parks but guess there isn't any money in that.  Probably hoping to turn them all into distribution centers for Walmart/Target/Amazon or what ev.
I spent my childhood in a small town.  We moved in with my Aunt in a suburb when I was 13.  OMG.... I basically stopped going outside because kids were so spread out in the "neighborhood" as to basically never see each other.  On the plus side, I stopped getting in trouble (think of the kids from IT, but we liked to steal stuff and break into places).
Did he open by arguing that the suburbs encourage more gun crime than rural or urban environments?  Good goodness, off to a rough start.
13:48 Bag of milk. Blehhh.  14:25 Yeah, not just me. Heh.
I'm looking for an opinion on rent that oppose my own. You pay X rent for so long and even after you've contributed a tremendous amount to the total cost of a structure, you get absolutely no future assurance or equity of all that expense. I've been in the process of changing my perception on home ownership and trying to get on board with the idea of dense walkable cities but I keep running into the same mental roadblock. Accounting for some of the options being condos, most options would be apartment structures I assume. I've been forced to rent for my whole life, it's been fucking atrocious,and dream of owning something one day and can't seem to reconcile those opposing mindsets.
Fantastic video but ditch the meme breaks. What if this gets shown to some 70yo DOT head?
I am an Oregonian an have started to see this however it's still not great we are not getting away from the driving part. We have a ton of new inner city apartments and the like and at least they are not just be slapped on outside the city. They are using old land from delapdated houses and neighborhoods that have been condemned or bought out. But the still room up to roads with no increase in public transit but we are on the right course I hope.
"William Nilliam" -- this made me laugh too hard. I was already going to like the video, but now you have a subscriber. Thanks for the great discussion!
Comment
putting aside that this would massively benefit finance capital (bankers, wallstreet) and the landlord class and drive up wealth inequality further-  how will we handle crime, sexual assault, violence and alienation in urban environments, while balancing human rights?   this is a dilemma chapo trap house has grappled with relatively recently and even as a leftist non-binary person it hits home for me too.  my sister was sexually assaulted and then slashed across the face with a boxcutter in 2019 while taking public transportation. Her assaulter was apparently released and preyed upon more people in 2021.  what is the non-police/incarceration solution to crime and violence?  Bringing back mental institutions? Chemical castrations to lower their testosterone, strength and potential for violence? forced medication?  The ultimate obstacle to walkable cities is safety and if it isn’t address people will not move back or worse: become vigilantes or gangs who take matters into their own hands.  Until the issue of safety is addressed the idea of “walkable cities” and “mass urbanization” are fart sniffing and utopian fantasies. sorry.
Population is DEcreasing
I think this has a VERY simple solution: If you want to live in a suburb, PAY ALL THE COSTS associated with the zoning. YOURSELF. The people simply have to stand together and say: NO, WE WILL NOT HELP PAY FOR YOUR STUPID, WASTEFUL, DESTRUCTIVE, RACIST SHIT.  This includes the infrastructure (roads, sewers, power lines, parking lots, etc), maintenance (repairs, surveys), and services (policing, courts, maintenance workers, etc) required. And pay for the downstream costs (pollution, loss-of-life, health care, etc) associated as well.
ummmm suburbs ????? much closer than 40 minuted dude...where are you Montana!???? Your definition of suburbs myst be examined
I think classism is fine. I don’t want lower income people near me, and I’m fine with zoning that keeps them far, far, away in their congested, bus and subway equipped cities. If you want to live in my town, which requires decent income and car ownership, I have 2 words for your undisciplined butt: EARN IT!
nah man its biden and the dems who are bleeding america dry .
This explains so much, when I visit American family, I always have to drive to a shop/store. I tried walking once, I think just popping out for some Pepsi turned into a half day journey by which point I wanted another drink! But here in the UK slot of places have a store, even in some estates where you can walk to. I know that some housing developmente from the 60s and 70s always had a row of stores as the centre focal point, maybe say a small store, like 2 aisles wide, a takeaway restaurant with no seating and maybe a hairdressers or doctors office. But the houses were built around it. Nowadays the UK is going the american way in some areas, huge areas of endless streets, with houses that's all look the same, with street names used, ironically, of the things the houses demolished to be built like, old oak tree lane and greenfield place. So yeah, I think it's definitely an import we seem to be rolling with in the UK, they claim we "don't have enough space" but within a month they are building in another field on the edge of town and none of it is affordable, none of it is own by local government and the social homes are as small a shoebox and only a few % are social homes.
I bought my house, now screw the rest of the world.
Lets be honest, if the Netherlands was 200x bigger, they would also be building more spread out. Spreading out is fine, cities are focal points for generating filth and rubbish, nature has no chance of processing all that concentrated waste and so cities pollute (chemically, not climate-y) like mad. Spreading out means a more even distribution of the crap we produce which is easier for natural to handle.   Cars are going to be electrified and the commute itself is dying due to working from home. Moving into empty land also means plenty of spare room for distributed power generation because everyone can use solar panels/wind turbines. Spreading out also limits the power of housing associations forcing natural deserts (lawns) and people can grow flowers/fruit/vegetables.   Cities are highly unnatural and negatively affect people just by living in them. Cities are not the solution, they are the problem.
All of these problems can be solved with a medium sized asteroid.     What?
Bags of milk are better & use less materials & transportation costs. Ontario has 4L packs only, so you have to buy a lot of it at once (womp womp). At least the best before dates are far out.
Commies want us all living in apartments.
I live in the country. I would not live in the city (walkable or not) for all the money in the world.
I like suburbs no walkable suburbs are the problems closer together homes and more duplexes can also improve the burbs
I'm not young, and I'm approaching retirement in a few years, but I would love to live in a mixed use area. I love being able to walk to a cafe or grocery store. Having to drive to everything sucks! I'm planning on moving out of the US when I retire and I want to find a nice affordable and walkable city to live in. Don't know if I'll find what I'm looking for, but I'm gonna try. Thanks for the great entertaining and informative video!
100 million? Seriously?
Give the houses assault weapons
We need to start building high-rises in suburbs! 🤣
Here in Europe, in Eastern to be precise, a lot of people mentally and physically suffer because of these big fucking ant houses with 30+ floors. I would give anything to live in a one/two-story buildings instead of this madness.
Belmar is one of the most sought after places to live in Colorado.. said just this guy, and maybe one or two other people, ever.
EVERY FKCKN AMERICAN SHOULD SEE THIS! WAKE UP! greetings from germany
When I was majoring in urban planning in PDX, I used to attend various meetings, partly because of interest, partly cuz it was required for the degree.  The Portland Planning Commission (PDC) meetings were interesting but predicable. Every single one I went to was just corporations and businesses asking for money, tax breaks, and/or approval to do something (Daimler, Nike, Adidas, etc). I can’t recall ever hearing a business denied (and some ppl think “blue” cities aren’t good for businesses.) The METRO meetings were probably the most interesting to me because it was really more of a “here’s our 2040 master growth plan, what are your concerns?” Ppl would voice their concerns. Committee would educate them or just straight up be like, “sorry, master plan is absolute, good day.”  The sustainability meetings were pretty lackluster. A lot of chatter, a lot of compromise, a lot of bureaucracy and a lot of ppl complaining about how sacrificing amenities (cars, lanes for cars, parking spots/lots for cars) for sustainability/transit was bad.  The City Council was probably the most annoying of all though. It didn’t feel like any progress was being made at any meeting. It was just listening to ppl complain about homelessness. When the council members would ask them for their ideas or suggestions it usually went, “uh uh uh uh well, that’s what I’m paying all these tax dollars for you to do!” Neighborhood meetings were exactly like Jason described them as… old and retired folk who complained about the government, “too much public transit” — how buses and trains created traffic congestion (I kid you not), and the fear of homeless ppl breaking into their homes and murdering them (again, smh.)  Whenever young ppl did show up to any of these meetings, there was this air of suspicion by all those involved. They typically didn’t take our questions or even concerns seriously even though a majority of young ppl in attendance were planning students from the 5-6 colleges and universities located within the PDX Metro. Most of us actually wanted to live in PDX after graduation as well and lived off campus in these very same neighborhoods! (But you’re not a resident so your concerns are irrelevant).  And this was all in a “progressive” city in NA back in 2012-14. Hopefully things have improved there.   “And if you've come this far, maybe you're willing to come a little further. Actually, a lot further because sprawl is everywhere in NA… Remember, well zoned cities are a good thing, maybe the best of things and no good thing ever dies.”
bagged milk is common in Latin America and it makes for easy transport. you also don't just leave it in a free sitting bag, you can pour it into a jug at home or use a container that holds the bag. it's less waste than plastic cartons and more cost effective in poor areas than paper/cardboard cartons.
A bag of milk produces less waste and only waste of a certain material that could be recycled. True a glass bottle of milk would be far superior when it comes to recycling, but they are heavy.
Come and try to make me leave my suburban house.  I'm bored
That's what I always thought about USA: how do you guys all live in small towns? I lived all my life in a big city. When I was little girl, we had 9-16 floor buildings. Now they build 25 floor buildings around the city. And all flats getting sold before the house is built. So small towns are like another planet to me
You guys built America like these****
We definitely need more affordable housing and small places!! I just want a 1 bedroom that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. I currently own a home but it's got a huge backyard that I can't keep up with, it's too much for just one person to manage.
The advantage to milk in bags is that you can squeeze out the air and it makes the milk stay fresher for  much longer.
Are you really trying to guilt people for living in suburbs?
I dont agree with the climate nonsense but the rest of it sounds ok
Think I saw Pennywise at 6:40
I would never own a property that didn't have one acre associated. I don't want to hear my neighbors arguing I want plenty of space to do whatever I'm going to do. I have two properties one of them has seven and a half acres the other has one and a half acres they are both awesome
im sorry, is this about city planning etc. or why are you talking about racism all the time? its unbearable and ive stopped watching after 6 min cause its so fuckin annoying
White people with money don't want to live near other races, get over it.
sick jacket! he must be a ww2 pilot.
The way not just bikes says ‘homogenous’ is insane. Homo Genius.
I live in a Downtown apartment but I still drive an SUV. I think the mixed use neighborhoods are awesome and way more fun, but there still has to be ways to get around for thoes of us who drive, which is roughly 91% of people in my province
bag milk good
There is plenty of space for more suburbs. Most of America is vacant. Furthermore, suburbs are actually an amazingly good lifestyle with easy access to everything and a nice way to have a house and yard while being near civilization. I’m in favor of more suburbs, not less.
understand that i want more square footage that wont have me like a sardine in a can
Don’t make multistory homes make multistory parking lots because more room for cars less room for important infrastructure like mass public transport
Me: “Bag of milk? What is he even talking about?” You 1 min later: “I also heard him say ‘bag of milk’” 🤣☠️😭
Also, been watching videos about building a sustainable tiny house near a city, but zoning and permits become an huge issue…then tried finding property right outside the city in a Suburb…nope…don’t want assumed “poor” person bringing down property value maybe? Can find some out in the boonies, but yeah, it doesn’t make sense when you want to lower carbon footprint alittle and not drive so much. I have kids and want simplicity, a garden, and some bikes. That’s all. Lol
I wish more towns where like villages with a central courtyard and market place.
hur huh hur
Single homes are a ecological aberration.
The attitude that racism is worse than classism is literally saying "if the exact same bad thing happens in the exact same way to a white person, it doesn't matter as much because they're white". It's... racist.
When I was a kid in Beijing families have little plastic pouches (~300ml) of milk delivered to their homes so no milk bottles would be necessary. So yeah it's definitely a thing.
So basically, comunism "micro's" are the way to go, laughing in depressed eastern european
How about promoting smaller families, fewer children.  No ten kid families.  Population reduction, contraception.  Just saying.
I love your content....whats more I love the intentional attention to detail to sucking at audio, that you go through. "Blue painters tape"... ya...."suck it sound dept!" Thanks for being conscious and still screwing a whole industry of super shit on folks.
The majority not wanting to change zoning may have something to do with the fact that hell is other people. Suburbs are already stifling and claustrophobic, what with looking out your window and seeing nothing bur yer damn neighbors, but high density residency like apartments and high rises is literally the worst. Your mileage varies wildly with quality of landlords and neighbors, the upstairs kid that's shrieking for attention makes you want to light everything on fire, and you've got no say over the place that's supposed to be home.   I frankly don't give a damn if it's inefficient - metropolis is worse than suburbs in every respect ,and suburbs are worse than semi-rural environments in every respect except commute times.
High density population centers are a mental health disaster breeding ground.  There is a reason people are fleeing poorly run major cities.
Shame on you, BAG of MILK is the most efficient, low energy and minimum raw material usage form of packaging a given amount of liquid!
Population is on the decline. Your just pushing "you rent and you will own nothing model."
this channel is mad good!!! And I dont say things like this on youtube but this shit is good
This sounds more like a population control issue than a housing issue.  No one wants to raise a family in a rat box in the sky, so stop convincing us it’s the norm.
G-reat video, realy funny!!
the author is a communist
Something tells me this guy is a flaming liberal
We need superblocks ...
damn i actually cant deal with how fucked up everything is anymore
1:40 LOL!!!
Wasn't there a South Park episode on one of these village type shopping communities?
Thank you this was helpful
I’m a conservative American who doesn’t support liberal socialist ideas, but I want cities to be like European cities, tight knit, better community, more biking. I also like the idea of trains that work better for us and I also hate stroads. I think car give us freedom but in reality they may take our freedom away in the long run. What do you guys think I am? If figuring it out lol. I just fell into the YT infrastructure rabbit hole.
This is one of the best edited videos ever! Thanks mates
Oh how ironic that the adds on this video offer suburban living in planned communities.  'Murica!
I'm surprised and a bit disappointed that you didn't touch on tax laws as a prime driver of land use in the United States.  The mortgage interest deduction, capital gain tax exclusions for owner occupied real estate, and similar tax exclusions are all intended not only to tip the balance away from renting and toward home ownership, but also to encourage those who can afford it to continually trade up into larger properties.  Even if it means commuting 200 miles every day.  These tax breaks are touted as "encouraging home ownership", but they likely don't do much for first-time buyers anyway, as they suck up available land, materials, and finance away from economical housing and toward high-end McMansions in the suburbs.  Which bids up prices and negates the value of the tax breaks for entry-level buyers.  And the tax breaks are paid for on the backs of renters, who have the same high income tax rates but no corresponding deduction for housing.  All of this makes saving for a down payment that much harder, creating an actual barrier to home ownership instead of an incentive.  This may be the main difference between the U.S. and other countries.
I dunno, they sure seem to be cramming a lot of tiny expensive rich guy apartments into suburban neighborhoods around here.
Zoning boards tend to cater to those who show up regularly and bring compelling arguments.  Such meetings aren’t at all entertaining for the young folks though they will live with the outcomes.  Easier just to blame boomers or whoever.
I always wonder how americans  find their way home
15:38 Where is that sweet Ecosia search engine, climate town man?
TBH, they are building these around where I live and they are awesome, but they are too small in scale and insanely expensive. I think this is a good idea. I never understood why they didn't honeycomb neighborhoods around shopping centers. Fixing what you talked about in your video is prime time and will without a doubt make these places much better and less car dependent. There are some glaring flaws you didn't address. 1. Your example showed shops, movie theaters, supermarkets, and other place of interest. These place pay peanuts at best except for a handful of workers. So most people who can afford to live there will STILL need to commute every day to work, and unless these areas are affordable(spoiler alert: they aren't) everyone who works there will need to drive in or be bused in.   2.The prices in these places are usually astronomical. The rent and prices at the stores compared to other areas are insane. Once the merchants know the people have money, they will gouge them.   3. Our population is growing at an alarming rate. We have almost 3 times the population in most places since 1940. By 2040, it will most likely be 3x. If that trend continues, in 2140 we will have tripled the pop again which will be lights out for humans. The Earth cannot sustain 30 billion of us(based on 2040's total being 10 billion x3) There is no talk of population control and there is no real way to do it without being incredibly cruel and heartless. We have about 2-300 years left before life becomes unrecognizable for us. Until we address our growing population, none of these band aids will help climate change.
Most modern subdivisions and f**king suburbs... well, I can best describe them with a quote from Gertrude Stein: "There is no there there."
You won't catch me being packed in like sardines in an urban area. Study the world wars to find out why!
I appreciate the housing history shared here, but what I get is that basically governments need to regulate less, though honest impact fees and tax rates might have a place. For as awful as the lack of multi-family and mixed use housing is, I'm irritated at my county and state disfavoring choice in new developments the other way, and not in ways that favor the elderly as this video suggests.  My mom is elderly, wants a newer house with room for fruit trees near her grandkids. However, she needs a main-floor master, or ideally a rambler, but none of the new developments are anything but vertical structures without real yards due to county and state regulations and incentives. This vertical housing pushed by my local government and this video is effectively age discrimination in housing since most elderly people don't do well with lots of stairs, or at least have concerns about their ability to stay in their home as they age further.   Plus, more concerning than frustrating the elderly who can at least have something specially built, as a Christian and teacher, I believe that all the new housing without yards are insufficient habitat for raising healthy human offspring that need to be in contact with nature to learn about God and the spirit, to say nothing of temporal matters like science education and physical health. I mean community playgrounds are nice, but they cannot replace a child being free to run around in a safe outdoor space while Mom and Dad are busy, which is generally most of the time. It should be self-evident for at least anyone who knows God that healthy habitat for the children this world was created for is a far more critical issue than protecting the environment which is only as valuable as it's service to the people it was created for. Since children have no real power to fight for such needs, the government planners are effectively choosing insufficiency for them when they promote multifamily structures without decent-size yards. And I'm not even talking about a quarter-acre a piece, but even a few hundred feet of play space where a child could do a cartwheel, play in the sand, plant a garden, or climb a tree. And when a society doesn't take care of it's children's developmental needs, there will ultimately be deleterious consequences to that society.  So really, as the suggested vertical housing only serves young, childless adults well, it is one thing to allow developers to build the missing middle housing for those who want it or cannot afford better, or to pass along real added costs for infrastructure to those looking for more space, but pushing only vertical, high-density housing over other forms is just going from one ditch to the other, trying to unduly micromanage and control others' lives, which is what got us into this problem in the first place. It is also harmful to society as a whole.  As my roommate has quoted, a study once found that young adults preferred living in cities, mothers in the suburbs, and children in the country, while fathers weren't as picky (consistent with home being the spiritual domain of the wife). Can we please quit deciding which demographic's preferences are going to be served this time around and let families decide for themselves?  Thank you.  And while we're at it, does anyone else see possible continuation of ethnic discrimination in HOAs having the power to determine subjective choices like house color - preferences which are in large part cultural or even genetic?
Great .
Land value tax would solve this.
I‘m too European for American suburbs.
Leftist twaddle
I’m so glad I grew up in a small town instead of the sucky suburbs 🤮
People want single family houses with a yard and garage.  Most people do not want an apartment.
They need to fix public transportation too, you can't have a ton of people relying on a car.
I love my suburb.  I have a lovely yard, great neighbors and the big city twenty minutes down the road.  Peace and quiet abounds.
Nope. I like my space thank you very much.
2:19 single family detached house may not work since American progressives denounced family anymore...as they say.. no more mother and father, just call them old folks
Nice and informative. Thank you
We used to get bags of milk in elementary school lolllll
The United States would have to fix it's social issues before I would ever live in a downtown kind of place here. Crime, noise, disrespectful behavior, garbage everywhere. Not happening.
Sewers were a novelty of 1800? The fuck
cities are bleeding America dry, another 24/7 millennial Reddit user on r/antiwork
It’s like I don’t want an apartment, I want my own house.
all I heard was "holy shit how come I didn't know that" .. and that was it. Great video. Also, great video.
So what other ideas you'd love to steal from the Soviet Union now, lol?
One of the best videos I have seen in a long time! Would totally advocate for mixed use zoning where I live.
This too sad. Tragic. My whole life has been ruined by GM and that cadre.
Everyone comment for the algorithm to help spread this knowledge
Love this channel.  I learn a lot and it makes me laugh.  😂
Ya gotta do a vid on the newest “all-in” climate bill!
Ah another white soy boy.
High density housing sucks
I'm guessing that everyone bitching about suburbs on YouTube, probably don't have children.
lmao are you uptalking gentrification? hahaha
the cities are too expensive. suburbs are cheaper.  why rent a 1 bedroom apartment in the city, when you can get a house mortgage in the suburbs for the same monthly price?
This only works for areas that have a high density population. Half of Americans are not in an area where public transportation will work. And while less cars traveling the roads would be nice the people that public transportation will work for don't drive that much anyway. Furthermore the Railroads will not cooperate they don't want passengers. Passengers will sue. And freight trains have to wait in the siding.
I've had a lot of "Not Just Bikes" videos showing up in my recommendations.  I really like that channel and I agree with most everything the "Fake London" guy says.  Glad you cited his channel on yours.
You said the plural of cul de sac is "culs de sac" but the source you cited and highlighted literally says the plural is "cul de sacs."
you may not know this but population density cause people more lonliness and depression and lack of privacy , i admire the policy in the u.s;)
mega koks
The real truth: cities are bleeding the US dry. If we get rid of inner cities and downtowns, and instead go with the model of distributed cities, we'll all be much happier. Instead we have cancerous density growth that never stops. Without intervention, inner cities attract businesses that make them more desirable, resulting in higher real estate cost, this causes the cities to densify, resulting in more businesses coming in, completing the vicious circle.
Not for nothing I happy I grew up in NYC in the 80’s. I was night clubbing at 14. When I here my friends that grew up in these areas I feel lucky. When I cut school we went to the MET. My friends told me they just got drunk. Now I reside in Tokyo I love it.
Liberal Californians are like Genghis Khan when it comes to protecting their little castles via zoning laws. You'd think they were the Praetorian Guard stopping anything that might disturb their exclusive little tract communities.
Got em lol subbed
Let's not omit that the WEF have said that there will be no suburbs in the future, Bla. bla.bla, agenda 21 & 30; just learn those and skip the primary foreplay!I WILL BE how they say!
Why do you bounce like that when you walk? HOW DARE humanity continue to grow??
Suburbs exist because inner cities in America are miserable. Thats why.
Climate change is controversial as some people post studies showing climate catastrophe in 11 years, except that study was done in 1989 and we know that study is not even close. Regardless, I agree that mixed use housing is good and I am seeing more of it in my area. They tend to be built on former commercial properties like converted shopping malls or office buildings.
Someone’s a lefty. Lol
At sometime in US history, there were what was called row houses, I live in NYS and near several cities, these were usually brick or stone buildings, and of course at the time not insulated  as we know it however they were fairly soundproof, as each had "IF WELL BUILT" double wall between each, they were often owned, but sometimes rentals, each had small front and backyards, so had green space. usually two story, sometimes three for each home.It was a time of course when people made an effort to get along and work together. Isolation, has not helped anyone. and driving 500ft to the corner busymart has become the height of laziness, now before one becomes insulted, I understand some are not able to walk very far. I had a friend, who solved his problem, he bought a used golf cart, and bussed around, my brother-in-law used a motorized wheel chair,I also see an older man in a scooter, with his dog on a leash trotting along, where I live now. There are always solutions, we willingness to bend a little  is employed!an certainly we all need to be aware and involved to address the issues. In small town USA, there is a lack and a need for senior housing that is handicapped excessable..
Get 2 min in thinking hey I hate cities this might be good then you have to spout political BS about racism, yes yes we get it white man bad. Whenever I hear racism be the first part of an argument I'm done have a good one now I know to skip this channel.
Im from São Paulo, if you think America is bad, you know nothing...
I hate this channel, you just hate America just move, we buy a car and move to house cause nobody wants to live in a congested place where everyone is walking and disease spread like wild fire cause you all live on top of each other. But let us live the way we like to.
Best video on YouTube. Why did i think I was the only crazy guy hi king about this? The pandemic moved me to Orlando, Florida and riding my bike for 75 minutes to the “the local coffee shop” is killer. S.O.S. 🛟
Because sewage and roads can’t handle the increased population
Different stokes for different folks. I'll keep my acres.  I could never contemplate living inside of a building. THAT is soul crushing, not traffic. Never could do the suburb thing either. Every dickhead neighbor has three dogs - always barking. No silence, no peace. Here, we don't say, "Get off my lawn" we say, "Get off my mountain."
Basically, wypipo have caused all of society’s modern problems
this is the culture of the US. Also building up could be dangerous for many reasons: kids may fall off, stuff may drop down and crash/injure people down below, terrorists could drive planes into high buildings, least but not the last, the last time humans built something really high, god was not happy and interrupted, and it did not end well.
bring on the yimbyism!
The problem is, a lot of people don’t want to live in apartments with people above them and below them. That pretty much sux, and if given the choice, most people wouldn’t live like they are in overcrowded city. This is the same garbage that democrats have been trying to do forever. Pack everyone in like sardines and regulate every aspect their lives. They keep trying to redo zoning laws in suburban California, but the citizens keep voting against it. It’s because they like how they live and have every right to live that way.
These nighborhood are nice but guarantee the need for cars, gas, travel, commutes.  Its really wasteful but its nice to have your own yard.
Yes the answer is commie blocks. Live in the pod and eat the bugs for the climate.. Fucking idiots and their moronic plans to solve a problem that doesn't exist.
Control the population numbers , starting by removing all the illegals , leave the housing policy alone.
Not everybody's a comedian.
Please talk about the great salt lake climate disaster happening right now
Most developers don't care, they only care about making profit, Most times it amaze me greatly the way I moved from an average lifestyle to earning over $63k per month, utter shock is the word. I have understood a lot in the past few years to doubt that opportunities are bound in the financial markets, The only thing is to know where to focus.
I think you can go further with your argument for better home zoning by mentioning that the increased number of housing (whether it be single family or apartment complex's) would lower housing and rent costs simply due to the increased supply.  Me personally, I don't really give a fuck about the climate effects of single family housing, but I think we can get on the same page with what your end goal is. I think the zoning is artificially inflating housing and apartment costs simply due to the fact that it's more difficult than it should be to build a house or apartment.   I also agree with you on the point of developing residential areas that are more focused on people walking and riding bicycles than driving cars, trucks, and motorcycles. It greatly reduces local pollution, and also encourages a more community based area. Everything is easier in these communities, everything other than getting out, which is why it would also be important to encourage avid public transportation to places where people work and have easier access to means of leaving the local area such as train stations and airports.   All and all, I think we (as reasonable adults) can get past our differences and accept we have the same goal in mind to work towards, family focused neighborhoods that are close-nit and offer a wide range of opportunities much closer to home while also preventing people from feeling like they're trapped in their communities.   Also, the long drawn out jokes in this video made me want to kill myself. *mentions how long the video is in the beginning* *probably has over five minutes of unnecessary jokes in the video*
Lowering the population is the simple solution. I didn't say easy. Fewer people equals a smaller footprint and less consumption. A better quality of life.
what can I do as an European! this has to change X)
I get what your saying but everybody doesn’t want to live on top of other people.
Scam Of Scams  is 407
North Toronto Ontario is a shit House-Farmland Gone-Now to play a game of golf you got to HOPSCOTCH your between Houses { Hope all their windows get broke
Screw living in the city. I like having a yard, privacy and low crime
11:11 wait, the Google result says cul-de-sacs. Which one is it???
8:17 well, Euclid Ohio is named after the mathematician Euclid, so it’s kind of the same lol.
High density housing and apartments are horrible. You better be into your neighbors music and dog or love to live with earplugs in every night.
One thing I never understood with those huge parking lots is: Why not build parking houses like in Europe, or make a basement under the mall where at least some cars can fit. I men it would cut down on a lot of land that needs to be used for parking lots
Bags of milk are both more environmentally friendly AND a lot cheaper. Which is REALLY important.
Suburbs DO SUCK. I do hate having to drive everywhere to get anything. And when I'm done with traffic driving to and from work the last thing I want to do is get in a car
Go to russia, live in commieblock.
The lack of parking in belmar and the predatory towing is what planted the seeds of alternative transportation. I moved closer to golden before switching to cycling but it left such an impression I spent months looking through the bike routes, side walks and light rails because I didn't want to have to be burdened with car ownership
I like having my own property and not living on top of one another.  I sure most people are nice high density housing, but there is always that one person that makes it bad on everyone.  And I fully believe that most of the people around me like having their own house and property.  And by the way I live in a subdivision that has every race you can think of, not racist here.
Why are you trying to shoehorn anti-white hate into your video?
I wish you were as passionate about how and why our U.S. population is exploding. Once again, reality deniers focus on the symptom and not the disease.
Maybe not getting murdered by an armed 14 year old in a car jacking is considered boring?  Imagine raising your children in an environment where a little league practice invites random gunfire.
We have a similar issue regarding suburbs here in Ireland albeit on a much smaller scale due to the small size of our country both population-wise and geographically. However, we've also got one of the fastest growing populations in Europe due to a slightly higher birth rate and immigration. We mimicked other Anglo-Saxon countries like the UK and the US in building sprawling suburbs from the 1960s which required one to own a car because of lack of transportation. Now, you can survive without a car though it certainly makes your life easier as the public transport is still inadequate. A lot of low-density housing has been built which obviously requires more land. Contrast this to the likes of Spain where most people live in apartments with businesses occupying the ground floor. Their suburbs are more like an extension of the city centre. You have everything you need within 15 mins. They don't expect to have a garden and many in areas with better public transport don't own cars. Similar in Germany and France too.
Im from Portugal. Wtf is a bag of milk??
I wonder how it is possible to feel empathy and love for a place that has been so dramatically bad designed. I mean, every historic towns around the world, have embraced the urban density as a basic urban planning in order to preserve the available lands (predestined to crops, forestry, plants growth, and an infinite list of other reasons). Because the mindset and the contextual technologies had constrained people to gather, in order to collaborate and live with each other, instead of living an individualistic daily routine : going to the supermarket, drive your car to your job dozens of kilometers away from home, etc. I always wondered, what was the feeling american people had with their daily "habitat" and how they were perceiving, on a sensitive way, the land they live in. How do you envision your life with the perspective of the climate crisis we are already going through ?
My country uses bags of milk
I could easily add a RAP audio on this and he would be completely in synch with it. Just mute the video and see him rapping.
I don't understand the video too well because my country's much smaller and doesn't have the American home (the one I grew up watching on TV and wanting but he says is bad). But I'd totally subscribe because the information, editing and humour is pretty cool.
Its all about keeping people in debt.
people are just  dying to move to a large city Apartment life,  " literally dying "- no thanks
Apartments suck- inner cities suck worse- crime in major cities = more suck
Who want to live in a Apt. a ghetto Apt at that, please raise your hand
Ironically McDuffie was a president of the Sierra Club
Thing is, everyone wants an SFR with a big backyard, as unattainable as that is these days. Anyone who says they don't want that I'll call them a liar. Literally no one prefers shared living unless they grew up that way or they're weird. No one enjoys apartment living. It's either a SFR or farm as the ideal options in this world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AJwMvCxwm0&t=560s&ab_channel=Multipolarista  Economist Michael Hudson on inflation and Fed plan to cut wages: A depression is coming
when i go to a big city, the first thing i want to do is get out of that city
detached homes aren't our problem.  mass consumerism is.  we buy way too much crud that we don't need.  that plastic toy was pumped out of the ground, turned into plastic bits, shipped to Asia, employs travel to the mill where the plastic is turned into a cheap toy, shipped back, warehoused. reshipped to the store, you drive to work to earn it then bought it, only to get played with for two weeks and soon to the landfill. was that 17th baby yoda pop worth all that!!!!
Made it ten minutes and had to bail. Should have stopped at 7 minutes, but I gave it a little more time. The holster brother was the line for me.  I hate videos like this
bags of milk and water are used all over the world even in the west, its cheaper than bottled
It was fun to see the old streetcars in Los Angeles. I live in San Francisco and these same vintage streetcars have been refurbished and run along Market Street to Fisherman’s Wharf. Same price as bus fare and it’s the same color scheme from your video. We still have cable cars here but they used to be on many of the streets
Listen to Sprawl II by Arcade Fire. It has a similar message and is a good song too!
I grew up on Long Island before the Toll Bros and like came along and zoning allowed for pockets of retail in residential neighborhoods. We were never more than a brisk walk or bike ride from a beer and a pack of smokes.   /s but not really 🍻 <cough>
Interesting that this SJW doesn't mention why folks moved out of cities. That's the elephant in the room that the politically correct Woke crowd, won't touch! There's no going back, unless you like carjacking and random murder. Get real, Woke man!
Attending to those meetings is not so easy if you have to work to live. That's why i say that UBI might work in the sense that taxes be progressive so that the more you make and have the more you contribute to the fund. This supports new players in the market and permits new ideas to come to life and hence supports a healthy competition inn the market. But also permit groups of people to  have their ability to survive guaranteed and rebrand them from the common perception now that they are welfare parasites to important people that are extra hands, eyes and years with a responsibility to oversee public spending, public interest debates and actions. Same people could take the role of volunteers so that we can drop the costs of voting activities and such we could have the will of the people be presented more often in stuff like referendums for various subjects that the current parliaments and elect people can't or are unwilling to tackle.  I think that we should try and use today's tech in order to permit access and intervention in those local meetings through remote approaches. More or less build an online infrastructure to replace the facebooks and youtubes of today as a public forum for these important issues. And through these infrastructures people be informed about meetings and topics, to be able to intervene, to have discussions and polls before and after. More or less to have people replace the deciding factor of the councils. The counselors be more like lawyers to speak, the people in charge for the execution of orders from the people rather than decision makers. And the citizens be more like the shareholders of the city and be able to change many things by direct vote whenever they may desire.  With these two ideas in place i think things would be better, you have enough people paying attention and decision power to the people to make it happen if they need proper investigations and fast changes.
Bruh you literally filmed this infront of my house. Blew my mind. 6:35 is the park I walk every day
Except the fact that apartments and townhomes and high density living spaces are terrible. Why would anyone prefer that?  Why would I give up suburban living, where I own my own house, I own my own plot of land, and I can basically do as I please with my neighbors? Why would anyone prefer high-density living spaces? If anything, I'll be moving further away from people, living class rural as possible on as much land as possible.   And all this For what, so you can have a couple of hills that don't belong to anyone? High density living didn't save new York's greenery.
Build no more suburbs. Build new cities.
this video could’ve been much shorter
Btw, for you people in the US and UK, what's up with not using Tetra Pak for milk?
Philip Glasses' Koyanisqatsi came to mind, in a very apocalyptic way
I question that our free time must be spent near a business as the first minutes of your intro seems to imply. I mean suburbs are not great, but the answer isn't to live so that you can engage in commercial activity 24/7 from a young age. That's just as big a problem, if not a worse problem. It's the central capitalist mode of thought that leads to humankinds climate problem.
Even if developers were allowed to build apartment buildings they wouldn't because it's not in their best interests. They can make more money building houses and selling them than building 30 unit apartment complexes. And even if they did build those apartments they would all charge way to much because all landlords are greedy bastards. Things can't change unless affordable low income housing is built.  16:05 Case in point. Apartments being built only for people who make more than $20 an hour.
He tries to appeal to both sides by saying “some of” the super dead rich white people were racist, but its p safe to say every single rich white person up intil like 20010 was very racist
Love the fact I can walk all the way to my next town via the paths/walkways in the UK. There’s not a lot of places you can’t walk safely. Every country needs to rethink the way we heat and cool our living spaces to not only make it more eco friendly but more economical.
My city is sooooo UNwalkable it is not even funny. I could say a lot more, but I would have to take a Gravol.
Are they working towards that age old saying? -  "A concrete jungle!" 🤔🤦‍♂️ So...When you by a house, make sure it comes with a boat.
I live in Eugene OR, a couple months ago we got some snobby fearmongering flyer in the mail about how the City wanted to rework the zoning laws to allow mid-to-high density housing to be developed everywhere, and why that was supposedly a bad thing... f**king NIMBYist propaganda
High density housing sucks, public transport sucks. I don't really care what you do in the cities though, so go ham.
Buying a bag of milk....!!! I have been in the States for wayy too long that I forgot milk came in packets/bags in Asia, as well.
Ya…I’m not trying to live on top of 40k other people. Thanks though.
Did he just say, “buying a bag of milk.”?
Turned 30 and finally made it to the suburbs! Go America!
Can't wait for the 18 minute "Why bagged milk is better for the environment" video
I'm not going to live in the pod bro. No. I'm not gonna eat the bugs
As someone who has doubts about the climate narratives (I.E. Humans are doing it) validity, I still support this. Because I like my low population area, and a bunch of city ass clowns with shit tier political views are moving out here, driving like idiots and causing the crime rates to increase.  Build bigger buildings and mass transit, keep the city clowns in the city! :O
Whats this video about again? I didn't watch it 🤣🤣
I've driven cross country across America four times now. What I can tell you is that the older, condensed New England towns are some of the most beautiful and charming (and walkable) towns around. Driving through the Midwest and deep South where there are billboards, highways, and stripmalls as far the eye can see...hideous. America deserves better. Sometimes you'll see and old town in the middle country that has beautiful old architecture and a town square and think--why doesn't the rest of the place look like this anymore? Now I know why. Thanks for your videos!
I don’t even live in America, why do I love watching videos like this, what’s wrong with me? 😂
Wait till this guy has a couple kids. He'll be running to the suburbs to allow his kids the great childhood he had.
and your side is looking for  electric controlled moon bases al over the world brave new world technochrisy your solutions don't solve the worlds problems but my ideas do. they solve them all
the land of the free... unless you wanna live in a medium density building or cross the road.
Yeah, I know this topic is a big nut to crack, but you kinda left out probably the most menacing waste factor of all about suburbs...Water!!!...The entire "water crisis" in the western US (Denver included) is entirely manmade and fake through effed up design. Between golf courses, lawn madating covenants issued by fascist HOAs, and circuitous streets that add miles to the necessary piping, it's no wonder that we pumped out the entire Colorado River at both ends. When it takes an acre-foot of water to push a single drop out of a suburban house pipe, you know the end is near. I've been saying for years that the housing stock built in the last 50 to 60 years (including the McWarehouses being built now) are technologically outdated, and when the proverbial shite hits the fan, they won't sell for shite. Builders only build what they want to sell you - not what you want, much less what you need. Then they invest heavily into brainwashing campaigns - aka, advertising - to convince you that you need that new 6BR, 5BA, 4 car garage debt trap in Olde Pointe Farmes. (e added because they don't grow food). Then banks and their redneck buddies at the mortgage companies, start sucking on a homebuyer's financial jugular until over 10, 20, 30 years they are bled out either through market crashes and manipulation, economic loss, or just plain old fraud. It's bullshite, always has been bullshite, and the government - catering to the corporate honchos as usual - have served up these loan products designed to keep you poor, even if you make good money. Money Pit indeed...Anyway, hope you at least had a good lunch at Spaghetti Factory... 😃
suburbs are racist?
It's funny that almost all our housing is in a state of denial.. first the population and their long term income and health.. babyboomers are getting ready to age out of the workforce..as the population has an age shift.. stairs? 2,3 car garages? Yard maintenance? Is there a sudden influx of new healthy,rich people coming? No..even the future transportation needs are ignored by most new housing.. it's coming..
Yeah, whatever you say bud. Let's just ignore the fact that cramped city life has an increase of depression and suicide compared to anywhere else
Houses in the US are just horrible and tacky, they are made of plastic and sheetrock
Be @Climate Town.  Attempt at making a well-reasoned argument about suburbs to change viewers' minds and drive a positive change, hopefully. Immediately invoke "they were racists, btw". ?????? FAIL.
Roaches.
Man those Hulk Hogan lines really get me hyped up. Just makes you want to change the world.
I agree we do have to rethink housing. But since the world went all cuckoo for cocoa puffs, defund the police. living in the city is a very very bad idea. Especially if you live in Escape from New York, LA, CHIRAQ.  Living in big city today is putting your life at risk.  We are not talking about just the "Bad areas" there is no safe place.  Bc DA's are not charging the bad guys/gals for their crimes. 3 mins in I  started to get a little touchy fee fees.  So I stopped watching.  I am not from Japan or Italy. I am American I want wide open spaces. I don't want to pack like a sardine.  Where the Government can control and lock you down like they are doing in Chyna.  Bolting the doors so people can't leave  their appts for food for work. If we don't turn things around its going to be the Walking Dead real fast and yawl be praying for the real zombies.  The Cities are bleeding American dry,  by taxing the rest of the states to fund BS pensions and the like, by corrupted  POS Politian's. I know I live such a state ILLINOISASTAND. This video was drop 5 months ago see how things have changed in that short of time.  ILLINOISASTAND is rank the #1 state for  people leaving the state. All I can say is stay safe watch your six, don't be La La La when you are out in public take the stupid ear pods out look around stop looking at the phone.  You are your first responder,  when the cops come it's usually to late.  It's only going to get worse, why bc the Powers that be want it that way.  Get all the sheep herded into tiny little spaces. Control and Power is the End Game.
was this filmed in colorado springs?
Sorry - only watched about 8 minutes of this bs. Its not the suburban neighborhoods that are the problem. The problem are the major city's offering massive tax breaks to tax's they themselves invented. They raise taxs on the entire <--- state - and then offer a 95% tax break. But only if you start a business inside a city. Specifically - next to all the poor's that the city cant afford to welfare. But also cant afford to alienate during an election cycle. Which in turn creates an ever widening circle of gentrification and commuting. Which is the point - because the city needs new housing developments to pay for the old housing developments street repairs. Thank you and good night ::mic drop::
I like your video - right to the point, :) very british snobbish dry humor - and true passion for our poor planet! Good job indeed - thank you. Will be sharing with colleagues and friends (architects and designers). Best of luck!
The American way of life is dead. Need to build massive apartment building with efficient public transport system. The model is Kowloon
expect in most cities like Minneapolis...crime is out of control..... place just screams come live here.
oh look another video  wanting more soviet style block housing .......
Glad you brought up bag of milk... I was about to discredit this entire video. XD
S/o Philly Public Schools and those good ol' bags of milk, regular AND chocolate....now THAT's the high life
It's the other way around. Cities are crime riddled cesspools full of homeless people, horrible traffic, and high taxes.
Boomers Euclidean zoning laws and single family homes in secluded car dependent suburban wastelands caused "the Missing middle" and high housing prices that Millennials and Gen Z can't afford or function in.
As a german these suburbs look horrible! No trees, natural grown bushes....
You are great!!!
NOBODY that starts a family truly wants to live in high density housing. The pandemic has proved that. Why aren't we talking about neutral or negative birth rates to level off the ridiculous amount of people on this spinning rock?
Wow. I thought cities caused more population and suburbs were better .
"your arms aren't going to tear themselves off!" LMAO
In general a big YES and suburbs should not grow, especially these terrible "one looks like the other concrete with dead lawn" architecture.  But they could actually change something drastically: plant trees on your property, bushes, hedges, a variety of different plants and replace the boring lawn. The plants would provide shadow, keep the water locally, be living space for animals of all sizes. Have chickens for your local eggs. Have a green house for your local vegetables and fruits. Thereby even learning how food actually grows / is created instead of eating this processed rubbish.  In addition, everybody could keep rainwater back in underground barrels, and use it for things where you don't need drinkable water. Another means to counteract flooding. Also, most of them could establish solar panels to account for a large amount of energy.   And most of these suburbs could have a local shop that can be reached by bycicle or on foot.  In short: suburbs could work much better and be a good place for somebody who actually would like to do much more self-sustainability.  Oh and ... bag of milk is one of two ways milk is provided in Denmark. The bags are made of plastic with a significant amount of chalk making them more environmental friendly then the multilayered tetrapacks (prismatic boxes). They come neatly stacked in plastic - reusable - boxes, can neatly stand side by side in your fridge, and have an air filled grip part that is deflated before going to recycling, so that you just have a thin sheet of "bag" to dispose. The only thing annoying about them is that the walls around the "outlet" tend to stick together after each use.
Yeah increases crime...
I live in the city still single family zoning with smaller lots with high walk score. I like it because I don't like shared hallway and elevator. I think my neighborhood used to be the area for white middle class back in the day (I'm not white)
A fairly reasonable video that only mildly moves the arrogant city-dweller meter. I won't disagree that there are problems with zoning and planning. Mainly by city governments that disallow most mixed-use neighborhoods, agreed. But 90% of the "Suburbs suck because cars" is 90% crap. Most of that is just arrogant city dwellers not satisfied that Suburbanites don't care about your blues clubs, your art galleries, or your overpriced restaurants with undersized portions. "Those lowbrow suburbanites aren't recognizing our cultural superiority! We need to GET RID of those Neanderthals and their SUVs and their CHILDREN!" Keep talking to each other. Suburbanites still aren't listening. The good news for both the environment and the culture is that the need to commute into the city center is decreasing. And the biggest problem with getting more people into cities is that first, most humans prefer having space and second, most cities are rapidly becoming hell holes because of crime. When NYC was one of the safest cities in the US, people were moving there like crazy. More crime, less order, less desirable, whoda thought?
I feel attacked about the bag of milk skit. I moved from  Southern Ontario where we could get bags of milk (4L of milk split into 3 sealed bags). you drink these by putting the bag into a milk pitcher (bag slides right into it), and cut the edge open., to Saskatchewan, where I can only get 4L jugs.  With the 4L jugs, we sometimes have milk go bad before best before date, just because it has had so much contact with air from opening and closing etc. With the bags of milk, you only open 1/3 at a time, so you tend to have less spoiled milk over the years.  Example of bagged milk pitcher in Canada: https://media.freshdaily.ca/static/articles/20200910-milk-bag.jpg?w=2048&cmd=resize_then_crop&height=1365&quality=70
I like how this video is set in the Denver CO area which one of the worst examples of suburban sprawl. I’ve lived here for 9 years and I don’t even live in a far out suburb but I have done house calls for work out in the distant exurbs and I can tell you that mega subdivisions are a waste land of life literally and figuratively. I’m looking at you Candelas Arvada, a perfect example of a far out place that takes 15-20 minutes from the neighborhood to even get to the closest dedicated store for essential goods. I hope things can turn around for the Front Range Colorado but I feel in a lot of ways it’s too late and the suburbs have now developed most of the open land from Colorado Springs all the way to the Wyoming border. Enjoy your car commute hell scape that is today.
ironically for some of use who comes from an overpopulated ass third-world country those type of neighborhoods are what we depict as the american dream
The message I got from this video is simple. The US sucks. Even my poor country Uzbekistan has almost all public services in suburban areas ( as where I live , every house is detached and there is a school, hospital, supermarket, police station in 5-7km radius, and all small services like restaurants and carwash and so on that you can walk to in 5-10 mins .
"It sticks out like an eyesore"....!
When I was a kid we used to put a team of kids on either side of our detached garage and toss broomsticks at each other.
This solidifies the point that as long as you evacuated every super smart important person (not Elon musk) from America, nothing of value would be lost
doesnt the suburbs have buses? wtf is this
Dint mind me looking for new anti suburb and car YouTubers and met with stupid humour (my kind of humour) and actual facts thank you
⚠RED LOBSTER ALERT  @ 8:35 ⚠ 🦞🦞🦞🦞🦞🦞🦞🦞
Today’s problems were yesterday’s solutions.
Do you Live in North America? I think you do! may be.  my point is housing is technology that moves with the times.
❤ your content, Rollie!  I appreciate thinking through these topics.  Also, did you know that many prominent conservatives deny racism in zoning?  I heard them speaking recently that redlining was a myth and nearly fell out of my chair.   I am still learning to live (but not accept) in a post truth area. :(
Great overview and summary of the points. BTW, it's not "America", but just the US. There are many countries in America that are not plagued by this nonsense.
What’s that flute music in the beginning?
live in a pod, eat your bugs, you will own nothing and you VILL BE HAPPEE... no thanks, you want to ' stop the sprawl ' then lock down the borders and shoot anyone who trespasses illegally.
I liked you as soon as you said Taekwondo
This video was hilarious xD
But I dont want to live in an apartment... I want a backyard
Negatives about car dependency: 1. Less exercising  2. More likely to get in an accident  3. Disable people or young people cannot go out 4. Air pollution  5. Lots of ugly cracked asphalt roads 6. Everything important is built far away 7. Gas prices 8. Cars are expensive to maintain and buy 9. Traffic   Positives: 1. Car go vroom vroom
13:49 🤢🤮 "bag of milk"
Your mustache looks like Australia
And when your tall apartment building decides to go the way of a surfside Florida condo, you get a people sandwich.  What's not to like about packing lots of people in tall buildings?
The culs-de-sac vs cul-de-sacs joke is botched... he googles it and it says the latter not the former.... so no he is not right....
If you lived in shitty uk housing you would probably pull this video or re edit. US housing is usually roomy and well appointed.
on the plus size all these single family houses have plenty of space on the roof to install solar panels…
I think that between this guy's sense of humor and editing, I'm sold on subscribing after just this one vid. Hell yeah, looking forward to more of this!
It’s funny that you didn’t mention gentrification…. So now all the white ppl who didn’t want us in their neighborhoods kids now want to walk around like we’ve been forced to do. You all set our property values lower then came back to scooped up our properties at low costs. Which then locks out the ppl who were forced to live in red districts…. so now you all have the suburbs and the cities…. Meanwhile the govt paid and built those suburbs that gives this new white generation more money to come in and fix up the neighborhoods that now have value all of a sudden….. systemic racism is real.
Dude, America is losing its population. Look up the stats.
sooo this was the best video ever.
Your “what can you do” segments are uniquely really top notch
This shit makes so much sense that it hurts
15:49 Eric Rose ....👀 your buddy just gave you away lol jk
Man no wonder people kept telling me to travel. You realize what they fucked up over here.
Hell you can buy a bag of milk in Minnesota
Im Mongolian and confused. There was like 500k of us during that time, why specifically did they choose to ban Mongolians? Strange unless they used Mongolian as different meaning.
What a bunch of B.S. from a neo-communist "green" climate fearmonger. Should we just cram people into 2x2m pods and take away their cars and property? Good luck with that kiddo.
You know you're watching an American video as race is always a thing. Oh the guilt runs deep.
Lol bag of milk
I try to explain to my local zoning commission how If they relax their zoning restrictions I can build a lot of section 8 housing. They're not interested. 😥
Good video, i made my wife watch it because she disagreed with me about zoning. She said it was "entertaining"!
Yes when black people ask for reparations everyone is against it lol
CO represent. I live near Belmar and go there frequently!
looks Highlands Ranch wooof
A bag of milk
Oh. At first I thought your problem with a "bag of milk" at 14:30 would be the MILK part, because the cattle industry contributes a huge amount to greenhouse gas emissions and deforestation of the rainforests, all while being super unethical and unhealthy.   Consider going vegan (please).
Zoning Laws prohibiting building middle buildings are a perfect example of the government interfering with the free market and creating problems by that.
Ok, how do we break those court rulings?
Rollie, you are incredibly talented.  This channel is so well done.  You take mundane things a make them entertaining.  Really well done sir!
This Channel is LIT 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Great job! 😂😂 BTW Single Family Zoning is no more in Portland.🌲🦸‍♀🌲🌱🧜‍♂🍻🌱🌱🌲🧙‍♀🧜‍♂🚴‍♀🌲🌲🌲🌲🦦🦙🚵‍♀🌲🌲🌳🌳🌲🌲🌳🌳🌳🌳🌲🌲
Hey I have that shirt too! (green button up)
I like freedom and freer markets, so Im for it. Though if I really loved my neighborhood and my home and was raising my kids there etc., id be pissed if my next door neighbor sold their house to a developer who put commercial next door and then more commercial moved in.
Im not very smart, but I am smart enough to know that you're not as smart as you think. But you are funny, so there's that.
You give em an outdoor toilet, they take a top surgery.
So, I'm one of these folks who finds it really difficult to live in proximity with others. *Really* difficult. Recently moved into, yes, a detached single-family home which is bigger than is strictly necessary and is inefficient in terms of land and energy use. But, that's what I wanted. Other people stress me the hell out, I can't deal with them, I need my walls and my sanctuary. I commute with a car, can't deal with most forms of public transit, and it works for me.  Yet, I could never live in one of these godawful remote suburban developments because I find them aesthetically hideous and they would take even my own isolating tendencies to the extreme. I just live in an old, kind of working-class neighborhood near the city of yeah, probably a bunch of R1 zoning. And also, not everyone is like me, and it would be really really weird if everyone was. Like we've created all of this infrastructure to support a bunch of pathological introverts, and most people aren't like that, and that's probably a good thing that they aren't. So no wonder we end up with social stagnation and dysfunction as a result, to say nothing of the other problems.  So even though I'm unlikely to ever live in a mixed-use urban space, I think lots of other people would greatly benefit from them. Not everyone wants to have a car to take care of and a lawn and all of this infrastructure to be responsible for. Lots of people want to live a much more minimalist life, want to be in closer community with others, want to walk and bike and take good public transit. And I'd love for there to be less congestion so I can zip around in my car more quickly if that's how I want to live.  The "American Dream" we're sold on is all about this detached home, isolated "castle" living. You're supposed to want this, we're really heavily conditioned to feel this way. But I think it should be about having the freedom to choose. We should have options for both, and honestly, if there were more dense, attractive shared urban spaces for people to live in, it would take pressure off of the housing market and folks like me would actually find it easier to find the homes we want. It doesn't have to be either/or, and the zoning laws should reflect how people actually want to live.
I've always found the structure of houses in the west kinda weird, it reminds me of the three pigs and the wolf  If feel more comfortable with concrete.
For real, if somebody asked me to go to a zoning meeting for a date I would feel really special.
Stupid video. Based on ignorance.
My elementary school switched to bags of milk one year. It was chaos.
I live in Maywood NJ, we have two malls both at walking distance. We have several gas stations nearby, and our town has restaurants, three pizza restaurants, a local grocery store, a bank, a pharmacy,  two post offices, an elementary and middle schools and a public. It may be expensive but it’s a very nice place. If only the rest of American was like this.
Amazing video
Yeah because we should all just live in high rise boxes with no freedom or outdoor space. Suburbs are a dream to be in.
I dont agree with you but I think your video was awesome. If you don’t like your zoning laws join your local zoning board or run for city council. Its my observation that most people want 10,000 sqft+ single family lots. But I do wish more commercial zoning was mixed in. And I think you are right that more dense zoning needs to be approved. But these days with housing as expensive as it is; wants to be the first to say, “oh yeah open up denser zoning in my neighborhood”.  Edit: okay yeah Belmar is cool.
bag of milk
One of those documents shown as an example of "red line districting" literally said "low class whites" as well as "negros" and "some Mexicans"  just before you said they were designed to keep non-whites out.  So, actually it was designed to keep Some Mexicans, Negros and Low Class Whites out too.
Most of my life I didn't realize how things were decided in society, but I still don't want to be part of it.  I find these gatherings of people talking about such things creepy and what caused the issues in the first place.  I do realize someone has to make the decisions, but I'm not very comfortable sitting in a diverse group talking about them.  I see that a lot of younger people are.  I was never a big fan of the boomers generation and now I'm not a huge fan of their kids.  GenX was more simple minded and just tried to stay out of affairs.  That didn't work either as companies just followed them around and monetized the cool culture.
In latin america we copied this concept because we copy the US in many things, and is even worse because we have less space and resources
Those houses on the background are making me slightly nauseated, no joke...
It seems fair to allow 50% single family housing and 50% whatever the f else
This video is in Denver, right? Oh yeah, confirmed halfway through 👍
“when city ordinances have it written down”  dude I lost it 🤣🤣
8:03 Of course it's Ohio lol
Okay, soooo...how p.c. are the demographics where you live? About 1/10th as much as where I live (or where I grew up)? Hmmmm.
6:30 wow those houses look amazing
As a Korean happy that you know it but it's TEH-kwondo not TAI-kwondo (태권도) hehe. Love your videos as always~!
I work at a car dealership and every single day people come in saying their vehicle was totaled a month ago and they're having to pay for a daily rental while they wait on the insurance check to pay out. People in the US are so anti-bicycle, anti-micro transport, anti-public transport. I honestly think it's an ego issue. Freedom has turned into people wanting the right to mow down a bicyclist for making them slow down for a few seconds.
Excellent!!!!!!!! Watch out, someone might accuse you of CRT.
Living in a city sounds terrible though.
Racism by whites here wasn't just directed towards blacks. Asians and Jews were victims as well. Just saying blacks were victims of racism is marginalizing Asians and Jews and Latinos, saying they were not as significant as blacks. Not cool for a supposed progressive channel.
11:15 you just directly contradicted what was said earlier. But apparently the answer is "Some dictionaries list both "culs-de-sac" and "cul-de-sacs" as acceptable plurals, but when a dictionary lists only one, it is "culs-de-sac"—making "culs-de-sac" the safer choice."
It's not about taking away your single family detached house. It's about building a sky-high condominium or low-income housing right next door to you so that the half million dollar home you saved up for can go underwater faster than a lead weight.
Everyone, feel free to sell your single family home and go live in a densely populated high-rise. I'm sure your quality of life will get better and you will be happier living on top of one another. Hope your (many) neighbors don't suck.  Me, I'm fine being unhappy and alone with plenty of land without masses of strangers crowding me every day. I know, it's horrible, but I'll survive.
Great info man! I think a zoning meeting might be exciting and interesting-like a schoolboard meeting.
Nearly did a spit-take when you said you grew up near Belmar/Villa Italia. Me too!
I keep watching these videos and I keep feeling like I'll never see these improvements to our infrastructure. I keep feeling like everything is stagnant and rotting instead of changing for the better. I wish I could do something, I just want to change it. So I can feel the joy of walkable living spaces. So I can raise a child in a safe place where I can let them roam with their friends and experience the joy of exploration. I feel a lack of hope. I need hope.
I'd say most apartments are less efficient. Their built to bare minimum standards with usually the lowest of quality materials and lackluster workmanship usually done by sub contractors of sub contractors of sub contractors so there's a massive chain of people and so quality control becomes more difficult. Also most apartments are not being updated and made more energy efficient. They have 25 year old appliances not very much insulation and not much reason for owners to upgrade these things when their not paying the bills most of the time. when is the last time you saw solar panels on an apartment building? It's homeowners that can make the biggest impact by purchasing them on their own.
I'll take my half acre plot in the country over your high density housing any day sorry
i lived in the nederlands, in a subburb with car dependance and a city with suburbs and appartement buildings.   The mixture is great!!
The fact is though many people in America do not want to live closer together and re-zoning in that way is not going to happen.
i don't want to live right next to someone i'll keep my 50 acres of grass 20 minutes from the closest walmart
Living the city life blows. Been there done that when I was in my 20s. Why would you want to live on top of each other. Overcrowded and only causes more laws to have to be created which means less individual freedom.  I’m so happy now I live in the country with land and less people.  People are nicer and we its a great place for the family life. We are learning new skills and are becoming more self reliant.  There’s a lot of freedom in it. My family has never been happier.
Some people don’t want to live in a city environment. Especially if you have a family. I want space and privacy. That’s not a bad thing.
These kinds of YouTube channels are what little hope we have left.
"Use your judgement, I trust you." Well that's a mistake
This dude is hilarious. I watched a Not Just Bikes video and ended up here. I have never wanted to learn this much about zoning before- even though I’m literally taking the bar exam this year. These two videos really made it clear why zoning is an issue that needs fixing. Will pass this on to my more civic minded friends
u had me at the bad recorder music
i guess im happy to be in the uk, i really took the availability of local shop, easy + cheap tranport and cobbled roads for granted. its refreshing to be somewhere with so much diversity in structure.
Talking about surburbs is where culture dies, I'd rather live their then in the houses ive lived in. Rich people need to be more grateful.
This is all bc of inflation.  Its has nothing to do with climate.  Ive been in the industry my entire life, the flatuon caused by the obama and now biden administration have made it imppssible to build affordable housing.  It cant physically be done anymore because of their lobbyist funded imflatuon has drove ip the coat of getting basic necessities like lumber and food imppssible all so they can "play" drug dealer and try to take over the wprld to get rid of Christianity because theyre just mad money cant buy them love.
high density always means more crime. I dont want to live near gang bangers anymore. Lived that life and never going back. closest grocery store to me is 20 minute drive. never been happier.
Population explosion is a lie..
I see this mess happening in south Texas and it’s so sad
Japan has affordable living? They live in 300 square foot apartments.
Jacob Geller is so prolific
So, if you boil it down you're left with two options... Spread em out          OR Rack em and stack em 🤣
As a former architect, I also agree milk doesn't belong in bags.
I've lived in both eastern and western europe, always in a city. And I've even stayed in tiny little villages in eastern europe for a notable amount of time. The idea that you can't get to a supermarket or some other form of business in less than 10 minutes of walking is fucking ridiculous.
Ayo, he’s from Colorado!
This dude's dream is to live in a concreate jungle with huge corporate restaurants, and business. While you live in an 600 sqf apartment paying more than a house for the convince of living above a coffee shop playing hipster music. Lets change zoning laws so we live in blade runner cube buildings with 5000 residents.
You are a funny and knowledgeable guy. You remind me of Bill Nye's old science videos. Informing the public in a fun and engaging way. Keep it up! I'll keep watching your videos.
the Hulk Hogan cut ins are unmatched lol
I'm a climate scientist, yes I guess I can call myself that now (I just got my PhD), and I not only approve this channel, I *adore* this channel. America, stop messing up the planet, your health and your wallets (=car reliance) with your unsustainable and inequitable suburbinizatisa..tion, you fools!
A bag of milk in Mexico is common because the government implemented strategies to make milk brands more affordable for rural areas, is it a good cause so shhhh.
https://youtu.be/7IiODvYTHp4
I like my suburb home. My kids are young so we’ll see how they turn out. But right now they enjoy playing with backyard and front yard neighbors. They enjoy the the neighborhood park thats walking distance (less than five minutes). We have a larger park within a ten minute walking distance that’s always filled with kids and their parents. Every neighborhood has a neighborhood park in this area and is actually a requirement for housing developers to do so along with walking trails that connect all the neighborhoods together and lead from park to park. My boys enjoy playing in their grassed backyard with their own play set and swing set. They enjoy their grassed front yard with shade trees to have a picnic under. During the weekends we drive 30 minutes to my father in laws small 2 acre ranch which has chickens and other animals for the kids to see and experience. My brother has 40 acres in the mountains if we ever fancy a hike or hunt within a 45 min drive. Restaurants and coffee shops and shopping centers are walking distance. The pacific coast is a 2 hour drive, San Francisco is a 2.5 hour drive. Los Angeles is a 3.5 hour drive. My wife and I enjoy having a single family non attached home for our own privacy and sanity but yet we still have a close enough community. We are by no means wealthy, we have regular 9-5 jobs and we live in the heart of the Central Valley in California where housing cost is not bad at all. With that being said, I don’t know much if at all about the city’s finances and if they can sustain the growth and development they’ve had… time will tell.
yeah this only make sense for med-big cities....
I lived in one of the streets presented at the beginning of the video Solterra community in Lakewood,Co and also in the highlands a neighborhood where gentrification has become a real issue. Solterra a neighborhood with nice homes and views, but very expensive properties with high taxation and lack of public amenities such as grocery stores, schools, hospitals, etc. Turns out the neighborhood was built in a special district and homeowners are paying a ton of taxes for public amenities that don’t even exist.
I think it's humorous, when you said "it's time to focus on America," at 3 minutes and 55 seconds, the background music clip was from The Who, which is from London. LOL!
wow, this makes me want to simultaneously become and not become a house builder.   definitely will go to a zoning meeting
That jacket is incredible
How about just “America’s full, go home” ? 🤷🏻‍♀️
Thank You. I will have a bag of milk
I grew up in a densely populated region in Germany and used to take public transport and walkable neighbourhoods for granted. Whenever I moved, I chose well-connected neighbourhoods with supermarkets closeby so that I wouldn't need a car. In my imagination, suburbs with single family homes were for "wealthier people". Watching videos like these, I suddenly realize how   priviledged I actually am. Everything I need is just within walking distance - I could even walk to work if I wanted. And there is a lovely park and forests closeby. I'm not sure if people realize how livable and vivid this place is. They ususually emphasize the downsides of urban life.
I’ve often seen the suburbs as the happy medium that people tried to create between the space and independence of rural living combine with the conveniences or urban life.  Having grown up on a Nebraska ranch a good hour drive from the closest town with at least 1,000 people, a car/truck was essential.  I recently visited a major city and going through downtown seeing the high capacity residential developments gave me so much anxiety.
Yes let's all live in tower blocks! More destruction of the nuclear family.. no garden for children to enjoy.. just elevators, Starbucks and druggies on every corner! Right on!
Honestly I lived in a neighborhood that was in the middle of no where, just corn fields, and I felt so trapped, ESPECIALLY before I had a car. It's a small town, yet we literally walked an hour and half on the side of the road (since a lot of parts don't have sidewalks) just to go to the public pool one day.
green house gasses are not the cause of climate change.... geoengeneering/ stratospheric aerosol injection is the actual cause of climate change.
Y'all should see the zoning meeting scene in What We Do In The Shadows 😆 People don't wanna go to these boring retired pensioners gathering. But they will have to if they want change.
Bag of Milk! Ha ha! Got me! Three cheers for Jason from Not Just Bikes!
I'm not married I have no kids, Why should I be forced to get a over priced apartment or buy a big a** house with 8 rooms
Yep and the houses are going for $300k to $400k  those houses are NOT worth it.
When I heard "bag of milk" mentioned, I literally said to myself. "Did I hear that right?" and then it gets pointed out shortly after. LOL
Great video! Love the cuts and editing humor. I couldn’t help but think the whole time watching this video that, “hmmm this guy looks like Randy, Stan’s dad from Southpark.
16:00 Exact story of my local downtown here in Michigan.  There used to be a huge mall there that they bulldozed half of the old downtown to build in the 70s. Mall goes under in the 90s and gets demolished, and the space is getting filled in by a very walkable, mixed use downtown.  It used to be a dangerous part of town, but it's beautiful now.
Lol this is the most goofy propaganda I’ve seen trying to stuff people into apartment complexes so that they don’t own anything and just fill the pockets of the already rich people that are ruining our country. “Pay me money to save the environment and not be bored”. If people were a bit more self sufficient they wouldn’t need to go to grocery stores so often. If people weren’t anti-social they would spend time with their neighbors and be friends and enjoy life in that more simple way.
Umm no. I prefer my own space far away from people.  Apartments are a nightmare for anyone who values peace and quiet, or people who build, work on cars, outdoor activities. You need a house with a yard with privacy. Humans don't function well in cities, everyone is stressed out and breathing in toxic air around them, seeing random people who you don't know because it's impossible to form that many relationships with so many people.
I want to like this video, freedom for Americans is a big deal to me. But your ideological possession by the climate catastrophe industry is way much.
i vented a few cans r134a into the air on purpose you mad?
What about the socio-economic effects of high density housing in low income areas?
I LOLed on "magic of editing" :D
These videos prompted me to check out what my childhood town's zoning looks like. Its a medium sized city with a population of 100,000+ people. I was initially surprised when I saw that there was some "high density housing" allocated throughout the city. Then I decided to cross reference the zoning map with google street view to see exactly what neighborhoods those medium, high and very high density zones looked like. spoilers: it was kind of laughable.  medium density == detached suburbs, but all the houses are on the small side, single story, and squished a bit closer together then low density. Plus a hand full of duplexes and trailer parks. high density == row houses, attached on the sides but only a single story high very high density == two story apartment houses, maybe three story if its a poorer neighborhood.  For reference, I currently live on a university campus, My apartment building is a whopping four stories tall. A neighboring complex is five stories tall. Across the road are three story townhouses (that I'm a little disappointed I wasn't able to get into, they are lovely.) I don't actually now how these areas are zoned, because they technically aren't part of the city but the university. However, I have a grocery store within a ten minute walk along with (two?!) Starbucks, a bank, and a handful of restaurants. Further down the road is a mall that has a tiny little target and a movie theater, plus convenience stores and restaurants scattered across campus. If I _really_ want a snack or a drink, my apartment complex has a vending machine with drinks and snacks at reasonable prices outside the communal gym. I honestly really enjoy it. I think there's probably a reason that cities in Japan let people just slap vending machines pretty much where ever they want. Its a good alternative if there isn't enough demand for an entire store in a neighborhood, or enough space to put one. Put them in the parks along with a few trashcans and some seating and you have a very low cost neighborhood gathering point. Have one guy drive around to service the machines every day, collect change, check for damage or errors, restock, etc.  The lesson of this comment: even if your city seems to have a decent amount of high density housing, check to see what they mean by "high density". You might be surprised. Also vending machines are cool and America needs more of them. idk about Canada.
very racist. thank you for sharing this
I’m re-watching this video after reading about ho some so-called environmental organizations just sued Minneapolis over its proposed plan to remove single family zoning.
I'm actually glad you cleared that up about Euclidean zoning. I was constantly thinking of how crazy Riemannian zoning would be.
Why are bags of milk weird, I live Egypt and bags of milk are normal to find, is it really that weird to not put a liquid in anything but a box
In Germany a politician from "Die Grünen" once criticized one-family housing as a driver of climate change and because space is limited and oh boy that got a backlash, it was even measurable in the next local elections. One far right politician said: "This is an attack on the freedom and on the ownership and the demon of socialist collectivization of society"
Great video! But what earned my like was the mentioning of the bag of milk. Nice.
Yes, it is boring. No Shootings, no Prostitution, no Rapes, no Drug dealers on every corner, no Filthy Public Transportation, no Crime in general. Yes, it’s boring.
ill just look past the fact that every book on your desk was about climate change and thats what this is really about. You made some good points about access and  use of resources, but by in large Americans want to own their own home and have property, Not live in crowded cities with no private space. Especially now since its clear we can't depend on any of the exsisting infrastructure that has kept us comfortable for so long. Your are going to see more and more flight away from cities as people become more self reliant.
I love your content
Thank God for the Suburbs, if Climate man had his way we would all be packed in like sardines smelling each other’s farts. Well I’m going outside now in my Suburban backyard to BBQ and drink a beer surrounded by PVC fence to keep city folk out
I started watching this to learn about suburbs. I stopped watching once I figured out the ratio of Snark to information was about 2 to 1
The suburban sprawl isn't just taking over empty fields of grass: it is taking away farm land. The place our food comes from. It is more profitable for farmers to sell their land to developers to build 6-figure luxury homes than to continue planting corn or other crops.
was already bad when you tried to go a meeting as a young person but now if you show up at a city hall meeting all the ancient people treat you like a murderer because they're so terrified of Covid and everything you say falls upon deaf ears
Condos and apartments are the worst for noise and vibration problems! We hear and feel every time our upstairs neighbors open a door. When they have guests it's 100 times worse!
What are your thoughts on homesteads where the family most of their own food on the land?
I think I nearly made it to something similar to a zoning meeting before chickening out when I realised that I'm 22 and people my own age don't listen to me, let alone a bunch of old people who are socioeconomically more powerful than I'll ever be.
I'm sorry to point this out but Euclid Ohio was not worried about Chicago's factories they were worried about Cleveland. Chicago's about 350 mi away from there.
Here's a problem I see, specifically with the sorts of mixed use projects like the ones highlighted at the end of the video. South Park did a whole episode about why they don't turn out like they're supposed to: They're often racist and classist as fuck with the bottom lines of the developers placed above a commitment to the supposed design principles that underlay their creation, a la the SoDoSoPa parody neighborhood from that show. The sorts of mixed-used redevelopment initiatives we get in urban America usually take the form of gentrification that forces out the same sorts of generationally-impoverished racial minorities that redlining did a century ago (and which, as this video points out, essentially created the problem in the first place). Wherein they aren't pushing anyone out but rather repurposing wasteful greyfield spaces as is advocated for here, the only people who will likely afford to move in are the same sorts of middle-upper and upper class yupsters who participate in urban gentrification, mostly because municipal governments want to attract that sort of resident for both sociological and economic reasons. Unaffordable housing is institutionally entrenched in America. The white flight of the 60's and 70's still dominated the psyche of most urban planners who are more than willing to use "upscale" branding to try and kill any potential ghettoization before it grows. They also have a financial incentive to keep the rent high in order to satiate the developers, pay for the project, and boost the tax base to make it seem economically and political viable by the next year's budget reports (this is particularly true when, as the video also points out, we are in a political environment where septuagenarian NIMBY's dominate local politics and mixed-use urbanism is still viewed with skepticism on principle). Ultimately this makes such new mixed-use spaces inaccessible to minorities and the poor, thus making it neo-redlining by default of American socioeconomic shittiness.   This is just one more thing that the euro critics of lefttube like Not Just Bikes and Adam Something don't seem to get: even though much of the conscious American left agrees with your critiques, simple implementation of many of the "obvious-fix polices" seen elsewhere in the 1st/western world are not a political reality here. "You can't just [do xyz euro thing] in America" is a true meme, and no, it's not always just a matter of political willpower (municipal or otherwise). In some cases it's a matter of entrenched law like the Dillon Rule in the case of municipal autonomy, nigh-immutable Constitutional requirements in the case of, say, firearms, or deep-seated cultural and financial eco-racism (that then sometimes reflects in arcane local laws such as R1 zones) as is the case here. Combine these sorts of hard issues with the (in)famous paranoid style in American politics wherein people just simply don't trust the government (a sentiment so baked in that it's essentially part of our national mythos and civic religion and which is hard to fully understand unless you've lived here for some time), and you have *big* issues that *must* be dealt with, but that will all but *require* a cultural, economic, or even god forbid bloody revolution to fix or change on any timescale less than decades.  Of course, all of this is really just a function of the fact that this is all happening under capitalism, and further drives home the point that in order to sustainably and functionally implement many of the socioeconomic changes needed to combat climate change, we have to move away from capitalism as an economic system. Of course, there isn't really time to do that *before* we need to start taking mass climate action, and so the move towards post-capitalist society will need to happen slowly alongside (and mostly after) the climate change mitigation process, a process which will already be a civilization-altering change. The end result of this is that we will likely go through a period, at least here in America, of a sort of Green Racism wherein climate-smart socioeconomic changes will be reserved for those at the top and near-top in various kinds of White Bourgeois Climate Paradises at first. These will then also likely need to be shifted away from and democratized by further municipal activism and class struggle, much the same way as R1 zones will now. In other words, the US will probably have an Eco-Fascism phase of some sort because this country's entire culture is neurotic in a way that most Eurobros deeply underestimate.
I live in South Littleton and if I had known that Lakewood had this type of living opportunity I would have moved in that direction! Serious but kidding because it's out of the way of family and work but I would love if old people stopped thinking that change is bad! I have been watching NOT JUST BIKES for a few weeks now and as an aspiring Architect I really hope I can design some change in the coming years
Oh god, thanks for the nostalgia trip of that terrible mall.
But how would we get out of the city in order to do things like mountain biking and backpacking and stuff? Would we still have cars?
Milk jug: 60G of plastic.  Bag of milk: 10g of biodegradable cellophane.   Guy whose whole youtube channel is dedicated to being eco-friendly doesn't understand how to use a pitcher to reduce waste: Max Irony.
Great Video! Thanks for all your work. Milk is sold in bags in Canada. There is a pitcher you can get that fits the bags so they dont spill or you can just pour it into any other container. The idea is to not produce as much plastic milk cartons. I dont know how much of a plasic savings it is,  because you still have to make the bags. butt he milk is cheaper that way when you buy it. And also in Inda Fresh milk is most ofen sold in 1 liter plastic bags.
we need more people like you in office lol
Climate Change is not a serious issue.
That "BROTHER YOU'RE A CHEAP SHOT ARTIST" cut fit so well into the video 😂
Bagged milk is awesome this is bagged milk slander
Using Amsterdam as an example when everyone that works there needs to commute for an hour and only the top layer of society gets to enjoy living there is absolutely absurd.
Your plural of 'cul de sac' google search still shows 'cul de sacs' not 'culs de sac' lol
My dream and life goal is to be able to one day live in the suburbs, but please, tell me why they're terrible so I can finally give up on it. 😁😭
As an European surburbs seems like a strange dystopian idea. Is it just me?
your videos are really good and interesting! its funny tho how you make it seem like Europe is so much better than the us or Canada. tbh, Germany is also car-country
To be clear, the bag of milk is so you can put it in your own container at home. The best fit for your fridge (I think. I don't live in Canada)
If you have resources and wealth (through any means) to create any lame product and you price it just right, there would still be buyers.
I hate having to drive in order to buy a bag of milk
that's why Asian cities are better. a 5 min walk to a grocery store, 10 min bike to a mall not just a normal mall but a big ass mall thats all u seek is in there, 10 min bike to a market, and a 10 min car ride to office work.
+100 points for referencing us cool uncles.
Super insightful, informative, and my kind of humor. New favorite channel
Dude I understand the bag of milk thing sounds weird but when you really think about its the plastic gallon of milk that's the single family home of packaged drink. Its an incredibly overbuilt package that's designed to be single-use and although some people get creative with reusing them, admit it, most end up in landfills or put into recycling bins along with a prayer that this plastic actually reaches a recycling plant. The bags of milk can be put into larger crate and simply conform to their shipping container making it much easier and efficient to transport the milk... I mean can you stack jugs of milk? Heck no, not without another plastic tray to distribute the weight evenly. But ya can fit a whole bunch of bags in a massive crate. Plus when you get home, just transfer it to a reusable container. But oh no, who wants to wash a dish!?
Another reason why america sucks🤦😂
Belmar, Colorado? SoDaSoPa?
It's it just me or does he look a bit like Norm MacDonald
Ok, but where's the aside about Nuclear power?
I just want to say (because the video didn't make this clear, although I'm not saying it needed to)- there are many, many people on planning and zoning commission members that /do/ care deeply about, beyond ensuring the area functions from the things everyone agrees zoning is important for, walkability, living spaces, and generally making things better along the lines of this video. The /people who show up/ to these meetings, however, are oftentimes the ones most concerned about keeping change along these lines from happening, though. This is not to say there aren't members (or more generally, people in aldermanic or jurisdiction-equivalent positions) who also aren't also interested in keeping change from happening (sometimes they're the ones who provoke people to show up) but merely to say that showing up to these meetings, staying informed, and helping make sure your friends who live around you are aware of what's up makes a big difference in the long run (and the people on these commissions trying to make change happen will be incredibly appreciative)
Well done sir (Brother)! “Bag of milk” also caught my ear in Jason’s Not Just Bikes video. Your blue tape microphone holding system certainly caught my eye in yours! Practical, cheap, efficient, light weight, clothing safe, fashionable, and satisfyingly engineered. I’m going to insist my local hardware store starts selling “Microphone tape” immediately, in a car free, and walkable area (not zoned) in the building. 😁👍
3:32 nice zoning
your videos are the best
In french cul de sac means ass of a bag and plural of ass of a bag is asses of a bag, therefore culs de sac since culs is the plural of cul.  Source: i live in baguette
You are so Canadian, go buy that bag of milk, friend.
Why do American parents get angry with their adult kids if they don't move out of the big cities and into the suburbs by the time they reach their 30s?   I am a Brit, but if I was American the suburbs would be right at the bottom of my places to live. I would prefer to live in a big city, but eventually I would tire of the big city much like I have of London (my home town). Plus American cities look more violent than a lot of our cities.   I would prefer a rural place to the suburbs or a big city. A place like where the Dukes live in Dukes of Hazard. They have a yard, plenty of wildlife and a small house that's easy and cheaper to maintain.   But overall I would like to live in a town or a small city. Places like Traverse City (Michigan), Jacksonville (Oregon), Taos (New Mexico), Sitka (Alaska) or any town or small city whereby you can a lot of most things. You have the culture and shops within walking distance, you can get a bigger place (I don't know why living in an apartment block is the answer to everything - where do you dry your clothes?) and you can walk to enjoy wildlife and nature. You can still buy a car to go further afield but most amenities are available in your local town.
I think too few Americans forget that there are people who simply can't drive. As someone with a lifelong visual impairment and in my mid-20's, this whole problem is even more frustrating. I can't even use half of it to it's full potential, but at least I have a perspective that brings a side of the story that isn't discussed enough, since I've obviously never been able to drive in the first place. Glad our transportation system is starting heading in the right direction in terms of equity (something that will help these housing options become more commonplace and legal,), but we have a long way to go.
Picture at 13:06 is a little misleading, those homes are a significant distance away from jersey city and Manhattan. And in between them is a lot of high density mid rise housing.
*Capitalism is where culture goes to die*  - sum guy
You can use climate change as an excuse for land control! Zoning history is outdated,overrated and exaggerated with racism... its in the past.. leave it there.. but let's stur up some emotions to help sway others opinions into your agenda!  Socialist ideologies... you don't take an intellectual approach... YOU PREACH!   P.S ... climate change is a suedo science...
Digging the collaboration. Watching from Houston, TX!  As a cycling economist this hit a chord and I am looking for a date for the next zoning meeting.  Props!
The Wikipedia page about self-referential humor @14:36, though XD
Move all you people to the city where you can own nothing and be happy!!
The link under number 2 for YIMBY workshops is outdated. Also, I love love love love love this video. It's perfect.
oh man my dude i just found your channel recently and i love great content man!!!!
bro i have the same belt in taekwondo
After living in Japan for a year, I yearn for reliable and convenient public transportation and bike able neighborhoods. I lived in the boonies but I could just hop on the train and head into the city center no problem. Man, I really miss it and my bike :(
Lol, "a bag of milk"
As a dude with 2 kids and a wife, apartments even with more bedrooms are too small and forget trying freedom to get pets. Condo's, Duplex's or alternatives that offer a backyard is the only real suitable situation.
the real question is, why would you want to live, or especially raise a family, kitty-corner from a fucking movie theater?
There's also one added feedback loop with allowing more tightly packed zoning. While they're nice to walk around and mixed with some commercial you can get your everyday needs nearby, people might still need to make their way to work. Like a lot of people. A lot more people per square mile than in a suburb would. And since they're packed more closely together they'd either need a massive parking garage right next door to house all their cars oooorrrr...maybe you've heard of this thing called mass transport?  Seriously, zoning this way might make people view bus, metro, trolleybus, streetcar etc much more favorably and with proper funding, maybe perhaps start to consider a car not as a necessity, but as a luxury.
I wish they'd remove all those annoying self-centered neighbors, pets pooping in hallways, clean the never cleaned hallways, put in silent independentky controllable heating and cooling, eliminate the threat of fire and covid, clean the sidewalks of all that gum...oh wait they did! Suburbs!
I think NotJustBikes meant to say that Euclid wanted to keep Cleveland's factories from expanding towards them. Though I think the idea of Chicago factories slowly enveloping the entire midwest is amusing.
And high density housing leads to more crime.
I moved to GA suburbs from NYC around the time this video was posted. I HATE IT HERE. Theres no way to get around if you cant drive or dont have a car, and being from NYC (which has fantastic public transportation) I've never had to learn to drive. And even if you CAN drive theres no where to go that's worth going to (aside from a gym maybe) within a 30 minute drive. Im telling you- if you're from a city and you love it there, do NOT move to the suburbs. This shit is for retirees and families with young kids.
Been thinking about this for years, really nice to see someone finally highlighting it. The exact same thing is going on in Sweden btw...
Go ahead, buy your bag of milk.  See if I care.  You'll need a special container to hold it so you can easily pour it.
Boulder is better
100 million population increase in 30 years? For some reason I find that hard to believe.
That closing music is the theme from Office Hours Live with Tim Heidecker
Great Video! Why is it just given that the population is going to grow by 100mill? Wouldnt preventing this also help alleviate part of the problem?
Save yourself 20 minutes of your life that you wont ever get back after watching this crap
Can we take a moment to appreciate your amazing wardrobe? Are those vintage or could I find some of those near me?  Keep being awesome!   Cheers!
You bring up some problems that definitely need to be addressed and did it in a fun and entertaining way however, I think there are quite a few other factors to add to the conversation.  A walkable neighborhood is a great idea, but I think you guys overstepped when you said the city is a "better place to be." Take a look at Portland, Oregon. It's a dump. It's definitely not "safe and comfortable to be in." In the cities pictured in your video, where do kids go have a nerf war with their friends as you mentioned?   A major contributor to climate change is the methane created from food scraps in our landfills. I'm yet to see an apartment complex with a good system for taking in food scraps. Not to say that it couldn't happen, but currently, it's not a priority in their design. On the flip side, many of the people I know with single-family homes, have gardens and compost their food waste.   If an apartment complex was designed to incorporate food scrap collection along with a methane biodigester that generated electricity, heat, or cooking gas for the tenants then I could see it being a better option for those who like living in the city. But just living in an apartment alone doesn't solve climate change.   If the recent pandemic highlighted anything, it's that living on top of other people isn't always the best option either.   While the video discussed traditional stick frame homes, there are many single-family home designs that can be net-zero for energy usage using new insulation techniques, earth berms, etc. These would be great alternatives for those who want to have a positive impact, without living in the city.   Another zoning condition to add to the conversation is the minimum square footage for new home construction. Many people would elect to live in smaller, more affordable homes if they were legal. Tiny houses for example are illegal in many areas of the U.S. simply because the local governments collect property taxes based on the square footage size of homes, so reducing the size requirements of a home, means they will bring in less tax revenue.
Critical race theory has entered the chat.
I've always been confused as to why so many on the left side of politics seem determined to jam us into little cages in high rise concrete jungles. Seems at odd with the rest of their worldview.  Wouldn't the mean conservatives want to force us into cages? Why the usually "back to nature" crowd would want this I have never understood.  Don't get me wrong, I hate the McMansions as much as anyone else, but is heavy urbanization really the answer? Seems like a bandaid for the root cause of the problem - there are too many people consuming too many resources, land one of the big ones.  City planning in general seems like a left wing aspiration, but why plan toward sterile concrete boxes? Why not decent acreages and cooperation with nature?
However, single family houses can install solar on their roofs and even yards, add batteries to store any unused energy and can then charge their EV's using said renewable energy. And this is coming from a NYC boy.
okay, fine, i subscribed here. for now.
i hope the statute of limitations is up for the friend you named, or (though it's weird to think that it would be a good thing) that the cops were after your friend for no reason (and, i mean, that they no longer care).
One of the big reasons I chose to live in Minneapolis when I moved back to Minnesota is that it is more walkable - its one of the things I love the most about living here. Lots of room for improvement, but better than what I had.
Theres nothing wrong with shared walls until you hear your neighbor in the silent hours, taking a dump at 2 am...you CANNOT build new high density housing without doing standardized acoustic decibel testing...you should be able to have a loud dinner party into the early hours and your neighbors bedroom must not be able to hear a squeak...its the secret to close living, that and cooking odor management, sufficient parking and cocaine.
Obligatory Georgist comment: a Land Value Tax would fix this
don't know why this commie crap keeps showing up in my youtube feed
This is one of the most genius ideas I’ve seen on YouTube in a long time. Add a community garden and park to it and it’s solid. Also, themed it, like medieval village or kawaii village, or space age village, etc.
Mongolians did not only fked up the world in the middle ages.... they also fked up 'murican neighbourhoods! At least according to the laws...
I'm in Massachusetts.  If I moved into Boston I would pay nearly triple what I pay for my mortgage now for a teenie/tiny apartment. If it didn't cost a small fortune, I might consider it...but it's not an economically sound decision to make.
I’m literally crying. “A Bag of milk 🥛 “ 🤣🤣🤣
How to get around that pesky milk thing? Perhaps bring a cloth bag to the store.
It sounds like the problem with racist zoning wasn't the racism.  The problem was that people weren't allowed to be racist.  If we just didn't force people to live around people they don't want, they wouldn't resort to workarounds increasing costs and reducing density.
I want Commie Blocks but without the communism.
Amazing echo chamber in the comments. Did it occur to any of you that the people living in suburbs simply prefer it to high density housing?
F your “climate change “ bs. But nice video tho
15:47 Is your friend Eric Rosen, the chess IM Eric Rosen?
Damnit, who's the person who keeps giving Jason videos of Kansas city and Overland park!?  Our city is great!  Make Kansas City Great Again!  Lock them up!  Jk; actually, extend the street car all the way down Wornall please.
The taxes on the suburbs are needed to keep the cities alive, wealth is transferred from suburbs to cities/rural.  Could also try to curb population growth or get population to move back to small towns.  Cities just concentrate sewage and increase energy usage; everything gets shipped into cities in one form only to ship it back out in another all the while consuming more energy.  Cities are about exercising power over the masses, nothing more.
How can we get this stuff done YESTERDAY?!? It seems like everything is just off in the distant future!
Marry me.... Brother? No, no, that's wrong.
Tbh someone who would wanna go to a city council meeting on the first date is my kinda partner
As someone who lives in a semi walkable beach community this video answered so many questions on why everything here is how it is. There’s a very clear line between the beach community and the rest of my town (most would consider is a village). The beach community is densely packed houses trying to capitalize on every square inch. The town has two plazas with all the restaurants and most of the business that aren’t general or package stores. Theres a main road running through the center of town and one that comes off and horseshoes back on containing the entirety of the beach in that horseshoe. Everything in said horseshoe is so clearly of a different zoning practice than all of the properties littered along the Main Street. I always thought it was just dumb at the time design, now I realize it’s dumb at the time design forced into play by zoning restrictions so thanks for that
This video is a blatant attempt to make Sharks and Jets extinct.
I hate the cities and high density areas. Its loud, busy, more crime, and its not very nice at all. Out in the suburbs I've honestly had a blast. I tend to camp a lot, fish, hunt, shoot guns, and do a lot of outdoor activities. Since I'm in the suburbs I'm closer to where these activities are at since these activities are generally done out in the state forests and gun ranges are out way away from the populated areas. Where I live in MN I can see that there are these apartments/condos that are built over or next to a bunch of businesses. Mostly restaurants, bars, barber shops, and sometimes a grocery store. Glad you brought that up although the ones I looked at were rather expensive. These things are fine, if people want to live there then sure go for it. My issue is I don't like them.   I think there is a cool thing here though tbh. Removing the zoning laws would sardine pack people in the cities where they want to be, this means I can upgrade my fenced .44 acre suburban 3 story home to a larger one with a bigger yard since there will be more space since less people need to be housed out there. I think everyone is a winner in that case. With remote work these days I don't really need to drive into the cities for work every day, only every once in a while. There are still targets, walmarts, hyvees and whatever everywhere so a grocery store is not that far away, I have the internet so i have all the entertainment i need, and i can still have all my cool outdoor stuff. hell it might even get less busy at the local lake which means more fish for me. I will likely support this so that i dont need to tell young whipper snappers to get off my lawn, they will just move to the cities far away from my lawn on their own
Do you ever spend a little too much time thinking about how racism, the original sin of America, bled into nearly everything in our country and represents, essentially, all of the horrible living conditions we all endure... and then wonder if America could have actually been an amazing place if we addressed this centuries ago?
Remember when It was easy to run into awesome education al channels like this on our front page?  Now I gotta know before hand what I wanna watch -- I rarely stumble upon a gold channel like this and Not Just Bikes.
This is all well and good, but I’m really happy on my 12 acres
I couldn't help but notice that when you used the urban or mixed use background that the land was totally paved meaning that no rain water would be recharged as ground water.  Serious question. If you have to shop without a car, how do you take all the stuff home? The little folding shopping carts would take multiple trips per week and be quite heavy, especially if you were carrying ice to keep perishables (think fish, milk, meat) from spoiling in the summer.
that is an AWESOME JACKET!!! Link please!!!
That's the rate of population increase but what about decrease? And all the houses that are gonna be sold?
Couple things - what the people in those meetings are ACTUALLY afraid is *gasp* non-white people moving in. Here in south Florida I've seen a lot of zoning deregulation over the 17 years I've been here. A lot of run down neighborhoods that barely had anyone living in them anymore are now 2 or 3 story affordable townhouses or apartments (yes some of this is/was gentrification, but not all of it). While I wish they would stop building highrises on the oceanfront, I do appreciate that we're seeing more and more of what you're discussing in the video.. HOWEVER, this is still America and we have the worst public transportation system in the fucking world. So while we have housing for lots of people around the coast here... Traffic is absolutely horrendous. In the greater west Palm Beach area traffic has at least quadrupled since I moved here in 2006. My 8 mile drive home from work takes anywhere from 25 minutes to an hour most days. The US HAS to do something to incentivize public transportation. I actually wish you would've touched a bit more on WHY electric cars are no longer a thing. Since it's such an interesting story in corruption and politics and slander.
I grew up in suburban America all my life not realizing how sucky it was until I moved abroad. When I got back to the States I was like "fuuuuuuuuck this" and moved abroad again because it's not as sucky as living in the middle of nowhere.
Coming from someone that prefers the space and privacy of the suburbs and really doesn't want to be crammed into a tiny apartment complex for the rest of my life, I'm curious of hearing the other side's points for discussion and I have a ton of agreement. Urban sprawl, lack of access to services, and wasting of resources and land are all good points that I hope are better addressed in the future. But I don't think there's going to be any convincing people like me to completely give up the suburban lifestyle, I just hope that there's compromises that can be made to make these type of living conditions more efficient, more affordable, and less wasteful than the current way things are in the US.
Wait a minute!...is this some kind of WOKE review?!
I will not live in a pod bug boy
Go figure doesn't most things in the US lead to horror stories like this. I know my ancestors suffered from them pulling this crap and ultimately nothing has really changed the rich own it all minimum wage 8s now slave labor and we can only live where they allow and they will take the place you call home .
Nah, I want to play my guitar at volume, have my own home gym, use the smoker in the back yard, have additional vehicles, and to keep people off my property. I have no HOA, and I own the house.
Apartments suck and duplexes blow.
Can we just put lots of cool amenities inside of suburbs? You talk like they are the worst thing ever, but a lot of them are quite nice. They could be even nicer with local grocery stores, clothing stores, and i think they should also have maker shops. Man, that would be nice. Wouldn't ever have to travel very far. I live like 20 mins from Dallas and have literally not ever driven there once. I'm 21 😭
Yep, cliamte targets wil not be met.  Not even close.  Our only hope is if the young people, in their 20s and 30s start voting in huge numbers.   We need to get rid of a huge number of people, mostly old men, who live in some retro fantasy and mezmerized with greed.
You are handsome. I didn't care at all about the zoning stuff.
They need to start building walkable neighbourhoods. With buisnesses in the middle, a coffe shop, a restaurant, a book store, a bakery. Streets with sidewalks and parks with landscaping and trees, and vegetable garden. The US is a cement world with some green and a lot of cars.
Why not just limit immigration so the population doesn't explode so much?
Freest country in the world 🤣🤣🤣🤣
When I was a kid almost all of the milk in my hometown was sold in bags. You just cut off the corner and poor it in a jar at home. Seems like less waste than plastic jugs. Also our ice cream was sold in plastic tubes.. It looked like a big sausage.
Is there good alternatives for asphalt? Yes concrete in some places but that might be even worse for environment... as asphalt is oil based product, reducing it could reduce oil demand.
I love how racism also means dirt poor white folks probably had to move to those black and other multicultural neighborhoods, thus they were "black". @07:00 This is too many times forgotten.
The suburbs are boring... Good! That's what we want. The cities are cesspools of homelessness, violence, BLM marches, high cost of living, noise, shitty schools, Leftists, Democrats. We don't want to live assholes to elbows where we hear our neighbors farting and arguing. We get it...you like that. We even left the suburbs to live in farm country...as far away from smug as we can. Climate changes by the way.
Thats a dope jacket.
I was so confused when you were confused about bags of milk. Where I live, bags of milk are very common. Not that bad really.
Don't diss bagged milk!
I feel like having a bus drive 10 meters away from apartment buildings is very bad zoning.
But if it wasn't for suburbia midwest emo wouldn't exist!!
no offence, but you confuse me. I try to watch this seriously and you have supposedly edited this 80 hours while making so many cuts and putting in gimmick sounds. What is the target audience here? I cant concentrate nor take it serious which I found a shame. Anyway, just my 2 cents. GL on ur endeavor
The villas at bellmar remind me of the lofts at SoDoSoPah
Americans have bags of milk? Wtf?? Why
the material used for new houses are garbage and they are going to be falling apart in 20 years i kind of like the older houses that are made from real wood and quality material but asbestos lol
13:48 wait, milk comes in bags?  14:35 haha not just me
that bag of milk is usually used in asia for tofu/soymilk drinks in small chinese venders, we even have soda in a bag 😂
I need my space i live in rural America.
I live in the place you filmed this
I like single family zoning laws
I’m going to live in the suburbs. I prefer my children be farther away from trolls and dead beats and addicts on the sidewalk begging for money. You yuppies can enjoy that, have at it!
Wow, I thought I was going to get something out of this, but no! I agree we need to do something, but this is weak in the grand scheme of things. Think bigger
Everytime a discussion of housing comes up we always have to hear about the racism from 30-40+ years ago. Racism caused problems in the past, but it's not even close to as big of a problem as zoning is
15:15 “through the magic of edi..agic of editing” that was so smooth need to give your video editor a raise lol.   Little things like that make your videos fun.
What do people mean when they say a town or a place has “nothing to do”? I generally don’t know. I grew up in the suburbs and I found plenty to do. Maybe I just don’t know what I’m missing. I spent time with my hobbies around the house and yard and was entertained the whole time. I also solved the too far to walk to the store in a reasonable amount of time problem as a kid by saving up for a cheap knockoff gas stand on scooter.
I would love see a video talking about environmentalism and planning in non-urban areas. What's the latest thinking on improving the environmental footprint of people living in rural areas?
People that don't live in cities don't want to live in cities and def don't want to live in multi-unit housing. It's actually better for the environment to spread out and leave nature through the areas than to completely concrete an entire city. Cities are overcrowded and dangerous. We good out here
lol, I had no idea why my vet office was called Thrive Villa Italia even though it was in Lakewood and who knew this video would explain why! That Belmar area and the Platte St./Confluence park neighborhood are a great example of Denver doing city planning right, but damn do our suburbs just suck the soul of everything
I like being in a suburb. Then again, I hardly ever go out.
"... normal, everyday things like visiting friends or buying a bag of milk." Foreigner detected. EDIT: Oh shit he addressed it.
100 million people? Fuck
Bagged milk is pretty common in Wisconsin, you get a pitcher and put the bag in the pitcher and cut the corner of the bag open to be poured. Throw away the bag and reuse the pitcher. Save on Plastic
Love the use of Shitty Flute.
Idk, I like the content but you're trying a bit too hard to be cheeky and fun 🤷‍♂️
This gives me hope. Thank you for spreading the good word.
Going to "Town Hall" or "Historical Zoning" meetings are mind-numbingly SOUL crushingly dumb, and they are realistically the only way to get something change/approved.  Well, for the average person. There are other ways, like being rich (sometimes) or knowing a Mayor or Higher office in that state.  You can go to a Representative, but most of them are too chickenshit to make waves.  With that said, I think changing rundown Malls in America to more usable locations with foot traffic is interesting.
Sir, the choice of being homeless or living in that house you're criticizing are  difficult to pick. For me, I'm happy with the house, where I can lay my head to sleep, I can eat cheap food to survive,  where my far away family can find and visit me, where I can map my own territory for myself.
THIS GUY NEEDS A VOX COLLAB
Not Just Bikes!
The issue is people would be more than inclined to live in a city  or populated walkable suburb but with taxes, regulation restricting new mixed use housing like San Francisco, And crime many people especially during the pandemic of 2020 left big cities for safer suburbs. My point is there has to be an incentive for people to move to these areas
You talk too much about  nothing
I live in the heart of downtown Toronto in a walkable neighbourhood. I can still go to the bakery, the butcher shop, the corner market, the hairdresser, or one of the local schools without bumping into a single person on the street. Many of the condos in my building have multiple floors, so to me, moving over an hour's drive away to sit alone in a house that costs the same and isn't even guaranteed to have more indoor space seems strange. Feels like you're choosing to live the rest of your life in solitary confinement for more money than it would cost to live in a city or a small town that has a sense of community and places people actually want to go.
I’m glad someone is finally standing up against Big Milk Bag
10:35 - They leak from all 6 sides, not 4 xD
Europe has been there for millennia, built-up with zero planning for most of that time. It is not because they were built smartly, but because they were mostly built BEFORE the car. God you people are mor ons
"I want you to live on top of each other, with no car, because I am afraid of the cow farts"
So when are we getting a vid on why nimby, yuppy, 4x the average income of my area apartments/"condos" are popping up and chasing out the people who originally built these cities?
"I love living in the city, it's so great and good for the environment" - said no one ever
"oh no the emissions" "racist" "co2 is not plant food, it's poison"  the easy solution is to just allow people to work from home with high speed internet you re t a rd  not making everywhere like the shitty place you think you want because you are still basically a teenager that probably thinks 'clubbing' is a good time or 'I need vibrant restaurants in walking distance' - learn to code and learn to cook
"Watch this video to turn all of America into a Democrat city craphole"
Opens with: "when I was growing up in the suburbs, I couldn't go somewhere to consume, instead I played with my friend"  lol
Single Family Zoning exists because people want it… that’s is we prefer it and thus developers build what Americans want based on zoning laws that Americans tell their elected officials we want…
If city school districts in my area were worth half a shit I wouldn’t have bought a house in the suburbs.
You forgot to mention all the homeless people living in these types of places
I didn't watch this video to learn about racism. Get to your actual points.
For these pseudo-urban planners, anything outside of a high density apartment block, is terrorism.  People don't like living so close to each other!
Maybe if we stopped breed so much. A consumer based economy could be part of the problem.
This has been a war for decades against Nature and the people who love her.  We just won't fight back.
Living in the city is horrible…literally no reason to not want to live in a neighborhood like that.
are you honestly advocating against single family homes?  Ok, go ahead and live in your shit-box, kettle-bell apartment that was originally devised back in the 1800's to literally cram as many people into the smallest space possible.  It's super neat because....there's a coffee shop down the stree?  Coooooool, that's sooooo much better.  Love that life and so many people really, really want that, too.
We’re in a grand solar minimum. Not warming.
The problem is that the main alternative to the suburbs is the urban cores, which the progressive wokesters are turning into horrors.
Great video brother
This is important, and so completely frustrating. More so than in the past, the choices made now will have exponential impacts on the future. I feel like this would not change piecemeal quickly enough and needs to be centrally addressed in short order.
Self-driving electric cars and single-family house solar panels + batteries answer most of the arguments against single-family homes in this video.
Why do people move to suburbs?
I would love too see the results from those headlines about removing R1 zoning in California, Oregon and Minneapolis
We need people to stop reproducing ;)
I remember reading a book on Cameralist systems that formed in Germany and northern Europe in the early 1400s. Basically, when the Germany was the holy roman empire, each "state" was its own governing body so they placed a ton of emphasis on planning and designing their economy with systems based mindset. To this day, every time German/Dutch/Danish "European" systems approach is taken, I remember this exact book. Even 600 years later, this cultural approach remains.  Having said this, I want a suburban home so I can one day have space to raise a family. Simple as that. Cities, even those swanky ones like Amsterdam or Berlin, are where people I feel seem to lose touch with what is most important with life. This idea that you can concentrate more people in high rises is cute IF the square footage offered is enough for a family of four or five.  Id rather eat 10 cent Ramen with my family in the suburbs than live in a city apartment nearby where there is 20$ Ramen. The climate is already ruined with half the world entering the middle class.
If you want to live in a high rise apartment, go for it. As far as the climate change issue, give your speech to China before you criticize American lifestyle. 👎
Anyone that chooses to live in a single family unit zone is crazy. Suburbs suck because they lack business accommodations. Best homes are business on the bottom floor,  living accommodations upstairs. Best of both worlds, makes a happier neighborhood.
You should look up pop demographics. All westernised countries are shrinking. Without mass immigration Americas pop is declining
what about ur pool channel
The problem is the city people. Urbanites ruin everything.
Wow!!! People actually listen to your nonsense!?! If you are reading my post, please stop listening to this guy. He is only telling you half truths. Yes, suburbs are considered "low density housing". But not because "the were racist old rich guys". That is just a trigger to get you all worked up and angry. The fact is, people move to the suburbs for a variety of reasons. Like safety and not living on top of their neighbors. It is not true that "contractors can only build single family homes". That all depends on the zoning laws. If you look at any big city, most of the land is used up. The only way to get more people to live in the city, is to build up. If anyone cares to look, apartment buildings are going up in suburbs also, where land is cheap. Commercial land in a city to build "affordable housing" will run you $1 million+, just for the land. As a small investor, this guy is completely, 100% wrong about what he is saying. Before you get mad at me, go and try and build an apartment building. You will find out fast, that this guy is lying.
A carton of milk is a bag of milk packed into a rectangular carton, made of the trees you don't want to be cut down laminated with plastic making it non-recyclable. The rest of your show was thought provoking.
This is like NakeyJakey except climate and politics. I love it.
Dude - awesome video. My wife and I were thinking about buying a house in suburbia like our parents but your video is seriously making me reconsider. Please keep up the good work.
High density living is bad for mental health and increases infection disease spread.
Only liberals want to live in multifamily units. I want to live as far away from the city as possible. More land Equals more freedom>
Oregon passed a law a couple years ago that makes single house zoning illegal
We can make incredible livable cities where you can raise children without a single family home, but most people will not do this unless they are forced to in North America.   moreover in most the world, a single family home is viewed as a symbol of wealth and status so the pursuit of it won't go away
This was a very interesting video and had a lot of information that I had never thought about. Its very curious that cities can't add apartment buildings and high density housing. It's not for me in the least bit, I think the new housing developments are too high density for my liking, PS i'm not a boomer I'm only 35 but I like my detached home and I like my own backyard with a play ground for my kids and a garden..... but seems dumb that these areas can't be built.
the baby boomers all wanted stupid laws and zoning.   so go thank them
Whats the point of changing climate controlls gonna have us all dead in 4 yrs anyways.
Informative well put together video, this video needs to be played at all city council board meetings. The only thing I totally disagree with is you stating residents need to go out and buy a BAG OF MILK. At the 14 minute mark who the hell buys a bag of milk.
I've never understood the allure of suburbs.  They seem like the worst of all worlds to me.  I have spent most of my life on several hundred acres in the country.  I've also spent several years in apartments.   Country living is nice because you can live off the land and not have neighbors.  High density housing life is nice because it's low/no maintenance and most basic services are within walking or biking distance.  Suburbs have all the maintenance and expense of a house in the country, none of the convenience of high density life, and all the neighbor problems (arguably more so).  Beyond the environment, I just don't understand why anyone would want to live in some cookie cutter house on a 1/2 acre lot with a yard they only use when they're maintaining, and a bunch of neighbors complaining about how they maintain it.  Is it just a status thing?  You could not pay me to live like that.  I'll stay in the country until I'm too old to take care of my land, then enjoy retirement in an apartment.  If I was more into urban activities and less into the outdoors, I would skip right to apartment life.
Thanks buddy
I would watch your video except for the bad language. :-(
Living on top of each other like insects is good for YOU, now eat your bugs!
idk if i should feel sad about the fact that i noticed the music at 18:50 was from kmart radio
This guy is the Joel Haver of climate discussion
Housing is prohibitively expensive.  Prices should come WAY down.  Wait till gasoline is $10/gallon by the end of year.  Going by housing inflation, Oil should be $350/bbl.  One can only hope oil price comes down, as well has housing. It's simply unsustainable.
I absolutely hate going to the big cities and seeing these cookie cutter shitboxes everywhere. Looks like a giant slave complex.
Have you seen Dredd?
Did you just say a bag of milk
Rural and urban people are subsidizing the suburbs with longer water pipes, roads, power lines, extended fire and police services, schools zones, inefficient public transit routes, massive parking lots, underused malls, and manicured parks and golf courses that only serve a few dozen people.  Surburbia is also driving up the cost of gas.
I prefer the clean and safe suburbs over the over crowded crime ridden, expensive  cities.  Thank god for single home zoning.  Fix the cities and people will come back.
I try to be mindful of the environment. I always pour my oil back into the ground so it can return home after I use it
So for being white and just all around annoying. If you don't you should.
You have allies in libertarians in this. I’ve seen almost the same criticism in videos by libertarians. And for once your answer is the same. Less regulation.
People don't want multi family housing because the people in them don't care for the area and bring crime.  The city has plenty of multi family
In Latin America we have local mini convenience stores or “corner stores” where you can get your basics and when you want a big shop then you drive to a big supermarket but you don’t need to be driving everywhere.
Nottinghill Reference.
Bag of milk is awesome, Long Island had it since the 70's for god's sake!
“Sepia times”  😂🤣💀
10:36 that's why our houses have become so insulated here in Denmark to keep the heat loss / transmission to a minimum.
I used to believe in global warming until I started thinking for myself. Btw thank your political party for rolling back Trumps border policies and allowing 8,000 people a day to illegally cross the southern border bringing crime and drugs with them. But yeah blame the suburbs 🙄
So he prefers ghettos over suburbs? Over time all high density housing becomes ghettos. Throw in  UBI and we may as well be Russia.
Ok, I love the idea of walkable neighborhoods, but let’s be honest.  In the US, these developments are usually owned by some corporation or rental management company. You can go in and rent your unit and that’s it.  You have no say in the community because it is controlled by the management company that controls the community.  Even though you are spending thousands of dollars a year to live there, you have no real voice on how the community you are investing in is run.  You own nothing, you have no say in the community you are paying to be a part of, and you’re supposed to be happy?  This is all a big lie.  To truly be invested in the neighborhood you live, you need to own property there.  Otherwise, who gives a damn if the place turns into a shithole with a massive amount of crime, you can just leave when the lease is up and move somewhere else.  Walkable cities are great if the populace has skin in the game, but will generally turn to shit if it’s all just rentals.
What’s missing in these suburbs is infrastructure, such as retail (bakery, dry cleaning, restaurants, supermarket, cafes, etc) to reduce car dependence. That’s what’s nice about European towns.
Cities in the U.S. suck for multiple reasons you probably can already guess. But overall, the convenience of having stores close by will never make me enjoy living in an ugly city where there will not be a sense of community you would gain from living in a suburb or rural area. The prime motivations of city planning and city planners seems entirely political, it is more interested in knocking away suburbs and expanding cities, than it is towards focusing on the districts they already have. If the mass exodus from California and New York is a sign, it's the city systems that are artificial and bankrupt (morally and financially), not the suburbs.
We don’t just need apartments. We need condos. People need the ability to own their home
Climate change..you wasted your education
I live in the oldest city in the Netherlands Nijmegen and it has won best biking city of the country several years in a row and I can't overstate how fantastic it feels to ride my bike back to home while being completely hammered and being as safe as can be. It's part of the experience
Don't forget in the apartment living you get to know all of your neighbors' business.
Not everyone wants a yard to mow.
Hey man, nice work! I loved the video
I'm no fan of suburbs, but if your fix to suburbs is apartments, sorry son.      To clarify, for people who enjoy things like land, cars, or children, the suburbs is the compromise of convenience and space. I'd rather change jobs and move cities than have my front door be a hallway.  But sure, build more mall-attached condos so the whipper-snappers are enticed to get off my lawn.
This guy wants to destroy the suburbs and the American way of life.  This is leftist propaganda for the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing (AFFH) regulations.  The lefties want to build low-income housing projects (for underserved communities) in the suburbs.  The inner-city mobs are living in food deserts after burning their grocery stores to the ground so the lefties now want the suburban grocery stores to be burned to the ground. The lefties need to move out of their exurban mansions and start living in the commie housing projects.
While the suburbs are a cancerous tumor on the land, it should also be pointed out that single family homes (with a decent amount of land) can act as sustainable homesteads: allowing people to live in harmony with the environment instead of trying to isolate ourselves from it.   It wasn't the act of people leaving the cities that screwed things up so badly, it was the act of bringing the city along with them that did it. What was once farmland and wilderness was paved over to make way for lifeless concrete sprawl.  Cities are inherently unsustainable, which is why they need to parasitically suck resources from other parts of the environment in order to keep going.
Is more expensive to live near neighborhoods where everything is walking distance too
Actually bags of milk are very efficient in communal settings like summer camp. They need an appropriate chilled dispenser.
We sure need a new fucking deal today! Greedheads still think their little kleptocracy is an excuse for an economy but the fact is it’s collapsing and killing US and our human world. It is the biggest of the Lies and oldest. Shit is hitting the fan now and is not likely to be anything near what zombies find entertaining. Never Ever GOP Again. The Cold War must end.
Light rail has brought crime and homeless people from Portland to my neighborhood in the suburb.   I don’t like that they can move from the crime ridden and lawless downtown Portland to the quiet, and less crimes in the suburbs.  I don’t agree with all this guy said.  Mixed housing puts poor and middle class people together.  People don’t like the big cities to escape all the problems there, such as high crimes, high taxes, homelessness, gangs, riots, destruction of property caused by riots, defunding the police, drugs, poor performing schools, dysfunctional city government.  That is a big reason that people move to the suburbs.  I wonder how much this guy is getting paid to push for this kinda of manure.
In San Diego they are going to tear down the old Midway sports center and replacing it with a mixed use and multistory resident buildings. Hopefully it starts to turn the tide for SOCAL to adopt more of the same developments and change some opinions
This guy is fucking hilarious
I was hung so heavy on “bag of milk” and I was telling myself “don’t be the guy they keep saying you are. Let it go. This is a random video on YouTube, let it go”, but I was willing to keep moving. But you came back. Gave it precisely the attention it deserved, and I felt absolution!
It's not just America. At the age of 8 I moved from an old town to a suburb where it was a 30 minute walk to the park.  So we played in the streets of on a railway line or on a nearby toxic trash tip.
Suburbs means I never had to live near poor people who cook gross smelling nasty food from their country I'd never fly over let alone go in. As an American that means one real country and the rest is third world dumps.
Love your videos!
Your channel should be called mr utopia
You want single family zoning. Otherwise the suburbs turn into ghettos.
damn, son. I laughed a whole lot. and learned a few thangs.
Dense cities = pandemic.
I would rather live and raise my family in the Suburbs in a real house. You can live in the sky cupboard if you want.
I laughed out loud alone in my room at "a fire escape and an outdoor toilet shared by twenty people." It was nice to hear the bare minimum out loud...
i use to hang out at the villa itallia mall before it closed , the mall cops hated me and my friends!!  lol  now its like all those memories never happened its been erased !!!🤔😯
Yeah but piling people up also bring other problems and we have to account for that too.
“We Won’t Get Fooled Again” by The Who (from Britain) really is the perfect theme song for the USA.
Easy solution is to invite less people here to live this lifestyle not ruin the American way of life. “High density” housing with no cars to escape your potentially dangerous neighbors is horrifying. Why should we have to abandon the suburbs because some people don’t like cars?
Until noise canceling/soundproofing becomes a norm, I am forced to disagree with this video.
who is this swine s***ing on bagged milk? Some kinda climate change denier, I'll bet.
If they can overturned RoeVWade, why can't we overturn these bs zoning rules and start building smart?
I was watching this thinking that area looks a lot like my very own suburban hell in the South Denver metro area... then I saw the Jefferson County Administration Building and I knew it was not just a dream....
I will not live in your commieblock, smelling Janna's shitty cooking, hearing Hilegan's shitty TV shows and looking at the 33 dead dogs that the crazy guy on floor 39 likes to throw from his windows. My single family home with land around it is paradise.
Good video, I am a African American looking to buy a home still dealing with redlining.
Damn I haven't heard CBS4's Bill Stewart's voice in years.
Man I remember when that suburb in Jeffco was all pasture land. It sucks how much land in and around Morrison and north west Arvada has been plowed under for single tract housing. Denver is Fucked. Thats why I got out.
Really well done.  Except, if you're going to talk about racists (which you did exceptionally well) you might want to check into Hulk Hogan's racist history.  After that, it was well worth the education about how we got here.  Thank you.
Great video!
Never understood all the people bitching about the suburbs, specially all who grow up on them  What they preach the so call walkable neighborhoods are SHIT places to live. No all countries or places will look like the neatherlands. I wonder if this guy or Jason have lived in Mex col Africa or another country with the walkable neighbourhoods they love so much, or if they only stay in white countries only. Hypocrite much since they like to call anyone living in the suburbs racists. 😘
HOA's are evil  (Not all but most seem to be)
Love this, but i wish there was an analysis of personal usage vs systemic usage.  Ie: is it better to walk to the coop and buy avocados and bananas, or drive to a farmers market?  Better yet, go walk outside to your suburban permaculture food forest while composting your poop and collecting rainwater.
You live in the high rise if you want, don’t tell Americans that they can’t live where they want.   The earth is about 4,000,000,000 years old and you believe 300 years of questionable temperature readings are significant.  You must be a product of a public school indoctrination to doubt that the earth’s temperature changes may be in longer cycles than the current data your basing your beliefs on.
I hate big cities my house is perfect in a small town
I used to live in SF.  People think that the reason there are so many homeless people is it's a "liberal shithole" or some insane rambling about leftists ruining everything, while the opposite is true.  SF has THOUSANDS of empty units, bought up by foreign investors, who don't need any tenants, because they are using it as an investment vehicle or tax deduction.  And people STILL don't understand that the next generation of Americans is FUNKED because they're not going to be able to OWN any property in their own country.  Both parties have allowed this to happen, rich people and multi national corporations are going to make the VAST majority of Americans into serfs, with NO means to buy property, because wages don't AT ALL keep up with the price of real estate, when you let rich people from the rest of the world buy as much as they want.  fucked proper.  and it's due to capitalism.
🖖✨💖
Our population would be stable if we weren't importing millions of people from the 3rd world.
impossible to watch this without 2X speed, how slow do you speak???  Also nothing wrong with racism
yeah i dont know about this. Id be happy 100 miles from anyone. just me, my dog and nothing else. Don't much like people or the noise they create and you think I should live on top of, next to and under them. No thanks.
I live in italy, and i would give everything to have a house of my own without having neighbours behind the wall, who doesn't respect silence, argues with wife, fucking and screaming like animals, and noisy kids that almost tears down the house. The biggest problem you Americans have is lack of adventure, you are so wealthy that is almost boring, and you always are in search for problems that don't exist, like suburbs, racism and equality shit.
I would hate to live in an apartment building for the sole reason that I love to have a garage to have a workshop area in. However I'd be perfectly happy to live in a townhouse with a garage, provided that the dividing walls are properly sound insulated.
To be fair bags of milk are awesome when you consume milk in larger quantities. Look up videos on Youtube for how they work it's nothing like it sounds like it is.
Shit Belmar is 10 minutes away from where I live.
Not saying any of this is not a good idea, but if climate town didn't live in the suburbs, and grew up his whole life in apartment complex's, moving from one to another multiple times in early childhood, whether just 1 school district or multiple, there is a good chance this video, and a lot of his opinions wouldn't exist.
Tldr, the US will fall apart and there is nothing you or anyone else can or should do too save it.
Keep up the great work
I'm growing more interesting in this topic. Grew up in a suburb and live in a suburb. Luckily I live in an older part of my city (neighborhood was built about 1960), so it is walkable to a couple shopping centers. I'm really motivated to bike or walk everywhere now, the only problems are my little kids. They are ok bikers but the roads (shroads) I would need to take are 6 lanes wide and fast, cars pulling on and off, it's just too scary with them so little.
Where was this shot?
When can we join the party comrade.
Maybe in a few decades the US will be as nice as Europe
I enjoy having my own home after 10+ years in an apartment.
We need more suburbs to get away from the Democrat run cities and the diversity problems it causes. The entire point of single family zoning is so we dont have the crime from the ghettos. Its not racist to want to get away from the ghettos and Democrat crime.
I WANT AN EPISODE ON BAGS OF MILK!
People think home values will drop if they are surrounded by a bunch of apartments
Suddenly wealthy people could do more shit…thats when America kept functioning as usual…brother.
I love the way half of the U.S. ignores the fact that racism in all its forms -- and there are countless -- will be the death of the nation. Now, I don't cotton to Karma, but housing discrimination, which adds to climate change; education, which is suddenly sans already-overlooked events in U.S. history; a non-existent manufacturing base (which first left the cities -- I wonder why -- and then left the nation itself); mental health issues and the massive amount of guns due to fear of... tyrannical government, you say? Ok. Sure. Anyway, I don't believe in ghosts, but you gotta admit, it's like "Revenge of The Slave" in this racist MF.
I live in India. And suburbs in India are more well connected than this one. The nearest bakery or kirana store is like 400 m. They're small stores but cater to grocery requirements. But yes city planning has gone for a toss now a days thanks to corruption.
One thing that could help with pricing at least is allow an exception for Elderly Apartments that are affordable. This would encourage houses to reach the market and lower the cost of housing by increasing the supply. If you hate the suburb concept, you mainly can blame automobile companies for that.
I think your friend made every shot
Here we have a gradual system where suburb like stuff turns over time into denser buildings we don’t allow you do build high rise buildings directly though. But i think it should be more enforcable.  Can we also add tons of rail?
Ugh, Bel Mar. Bel Mar isn't a community, it's a shopping district. It's full of the same overpriced chain restaurants and shitty strip mall stores as any other miserable suburban shopping district; it just happens to have people living above some of them. You're paying a huge premium to live within walking of a Best Buy and a Ted's Montana Grill. Huzzah.   There's also nothing to do in Bel Mar after the shops close up for the night, and no green space at all. And unless you also work in Bel Mar, you're still stuck commuting via car or public transportation. (And let's face it, ain't nobody who can afford to live in Bel Mar riding the bus!) It's just an ugly, garish little slice of self-contained consumerist dystopia.
Good.
So many people want to be parents but not raise kids.
Anyone who’s watched Gilmore Girls knows it is Culs-de-sac
so I've been binging your content.  It may be false, but it looks like that neighborhood in your backdrop is the one off highway 93 outside of Golden? or somewhere in the Green Mountain area?   Once again, brand new to the channel.  No clue if you're from CO or not.  My gut just tells me I've been there before and spent a fair amount of time there.  Cool to see a fellow Coloradan in my suggested making such good content!  EDIT: nevermind.  later in the video answered my question.  Grew up 15 minutes from Belmar lmao
i hate usa suburbs ,dytopian hell
I'm always amazed when traveling through various places and I see these huge subdivisions right smack next to a grocery store and other basic amenities but there's an effing FENCE in between these two areas so that in order to get back and forth between them you HAVE to get in a car and onto a road .... and sometimes even a highway....... when all they had to do is NOT build the fence. Why is the god damned fence there? It's insane.
I too was hung up on bag of milk
When people told me that Canadian and American neighbourhoods are planned/layed out like this, I thought they were lying to me ngl
cities are people that want to be killed
Unfortunately this video is pretty biased. Single family homes do take up more land but that is about the only universally true point in this video.   Redlining isn't really a subject that belongs in a modern day conversation about the suburbs.   Energy efficiency is also wrong in many ways. I just moved from an apartment that was only 10 years old and reasonably well built to a new construction home in a new neighborhood development. It costs the same to heat and cool my 1800+ sqft house as my 1200 sqft apartment. I also have the ability to avoid using my AC and heating because I have a basement that stays warm in the winter and cold in the summer. Having 4 exterior sides to your dwelling also has the benefit of airflow if you open windows, apartments have 1 to 2 exterior walls which makes airflow difficult. I'll also be installing solar panels in just a few days(a decision none of my previous landlords would have done). As of right now, the energy needs of my house is already vastly less than any apartment I have ever lived in and will get even better.  The other benefit of suburbs is increased green spaces which help cool the neighborhood and convert some of those CO² gasses into oxygen.   I'm sure this isn't the case everywhere but the 75% single family dwelling rules makes sense in my neighborhood. It's build around a small commercial district with restaurants, stores, and a grocery store. That commercial district is mixed in with residential townhouses and 5 to 7 story apartment buildings, then as you move away from that it becomes single family homes once you move outside the walkable perimeter. As I'm sure you know, if you make a smaller circle that is 25% the size of a larger circle and put it inside the larger circle, that doesn't mean you have miles and miles of never ending suburbs from the neighborhood commercial hub.   Infact the amount of people you can squeeze into that 25% area is going to be nearly comparable to the population of the other 75% area of the single family houses. So saying that only 25% of new housing is being devoted to apartments/condos means that people who want apartments are being under served makes no mathematical sense.   Public transportation isn't just a problem in the suburbs, it's a confusing mess for most people everywhere. It's a public transport problem, not a suburban problem.  I think the biggest issues with your perspective on this subject is 2 things.   1) You trust landlords way more than you probably should. I mean, you don't really own or have any control over anything if you rent or even if you own a condo in a lot of ways, your living conditions are only going to be as good as your landlord/property manager. 2) You completely undervalue the importance of intergenerational wealth that comes along with home ownership. Eventually we're going to get old and need to go into expensive senior/assisted living. Selling a house is a massive part of being able to afford that without being a financial burden on your children or anyone else. Without it, you have far fewer options in life. The idea that I wasted so many years and so much money towards renting turns my stomach and it's kind of sad to see young people like yourself not realizing how big of a problem that is.
the whole point of living in a suburb is to get away from a certain type of people lol
I'm sure Blackrock,  Blackstone, and Vanguard really care about this lol
Shitty flute really fulfills a specific music niche perfectly.
you guys will faint if you see Lagos
No. I will not live in a pod.
While watching this, I kept thinking “that scenery looks like where I live. That neighborhood looks like neighborhoods where I live. That building looks a building near where I live.” And then I realized that this was definitely shot in Colorado super close by to my detached-single-family-zoned-home. What a coincidence! :) That doesn’t often happen while watching YouTube
I think you make a lot of good points. but I'm afraid if "low density " housing is built, the problem of affordability won't be solved. youll just be paying insane prices for a tiny apartment room, as is the case in Florida.
Did he film this during a lockdown, how is no one in the background
I'm requesting bags of milk from my local grocer from now on just to piss off my friend
The US has some of the stupidest policy makers and zoning laws the world
Saw the map of Arlington Texas and about lost it. I live there! It's fucking awful!
Love zoning this video is amazing!
Oh wow another climate marxist pushing the  lie of climate change. “Human race is to blame for everything, let’s give unlimited power to the government because they are the only solution”
Just, wow. Glad I found your channel.
Is the only solution though to live a life packed into cheap and small boxes on top of each other while we work to buy more crap from surrounding shops? I have to believe there is something less depressing that could be a solve.
This is a huge reason why Americans are so much fatter than the rest of the world too. Were forced to do a lot more driving and a lot less walking and biking.
I really want to watch all of this, but this guys smugness is grating.
Bags of milk are the best! It's less wasteful than a carton
There’s really no such thing as a “community”in America outside Religious communities. Build whatever you want- it won’t change a single thing. You will have to force it with your creepy politics ( which is a different type of War ). Good luck though..
humans are not ment to be packed into cubes in larger cubes. HUMAN KENNELS
Yeah but suburbs are pretty plus gardens
but birth rates are at the lowest they have ever been
The environmentalist’s proposition is that you should give away your resources, your freedom, and all your personal ambitions to them. In return, you’ll have just enough resources to keep you alive, your choices will be limited, and ambition will be punished. In the leftist’s utopia, nobody achieves greatness. You are compared to the laziest minority they can find, and anything more is considered toxic whiteness. If an environmentalist tells you to give up your SUV or home in the suburbs—consider why. Consider what they can gain if you’ll only give up everything you’ve worked towards. Remember: liberals don’t have children, and that’s why they need to control YOURS!
Great video but is not gonna change cause it's all about money, that's why it hasn't changed. The zoning is meant to make the educated white families richer off of the cheap work of blacks and illegal immigrants. Exep for the ones that betray there own people and screw them over then they can hang out with the rich White people or make their own subculture.
Interesting video, but I would have left out most of the race stuff.
I didn't give a shit about zoning, but I'm giving this dude a follow because he is fucking hilarious. You made care, bravo.
How about cutting down on mass immigration?  That would help a lot, but logic doesn't exist in this country.  Plus nothing like living in crime ridden cities.  Plus a few countries doing something about climate change means nothing when the 2 largest countries produce more emissions than most of the rest combined..
Living in an apartment sucks
Yeah I just watch these to remind me why America could do sooooo much better but our white folks [some of!!!] are too racist too 😪🥲
Seriously STFU. Sprawl is beautiful, it's blended with the surroundings urban planners have mastered this. Suburbs are great too. I don't want to walk by your door and smell the garbage you are cooking for dinner or have cockroaches because you're a dirty pig and live only a wall thickness away. We live in the suburbs for many reasons. Low crime because you know who your neighbors are and who belongs and who doesn't and you can call the cops before your stuff is stolen, you have space to exercise without having people right on top of you, Parks suck there are too many people and they are obnoxious with the loud music and large groups of people. Suburbs are for people who want their own piece of solace. There are multitudes of Pollution and it isn't always related to the water and land. There is eye pollution, light pollution, noise pollution, all of those things effect your PERSONAL environment and mental health. STOP these "Green warriors" they are off their nut. Pollution is controllable, wastewater is cleanable, a lot of things are recyclable and reusable. If this guy REALLY wants to clean up the planet he needs to move to China or Mexico where they don't even require catalytic converters on cars, but if he did that they would probably make him disappear...that is how you know these people are frauds and out to make money ruining the American lifestyle they are communists all of them. Lying and destroying the landscape with ugly windmills and solar panels that dot our once beautiful mountain ranges and valleys.
This video is equivalent of that 15 minute car ride being a 2 hour commute. It could have been a 3 minute video. Do better.
Greetings from the Netherlands, we don't have bags of milk either but we do have some amazing city planning Ps. Love the humorous content x
This guy is a neo-liberal nutcase. He gives the impression that this channel is like a science show, but its more like yellow journalism, and we all know how well paid and respected journalists are. What is it about environmentalist and their nutcase marxist agenda? They literally all have the same political opinion (diversity is bad)
One thing you did not address is the cost. I live in Silicon Valley and one of these modern apartment units cost somewhere between  $4K-$7K (ussually a studio or one bedroom). Now, you may talk about descrimination and gentrification. Oh, in addition to that, some  of these investment companies are not even domestic, they are from China and decide who should live where.
How am I always surprised by the racist beginnings of American living.
This video actually made me want to attend a zoning meeting. Definitely did not expect that. But, I live in a van so that probably wouldn’t go over well.
A BAG OF MILK. I'm going to walk away slowly.
I never thought a video about zoning would be so inspiring. And I live in HOUSTON.
i can never live in an apartment
14:44 I also have my computer monitor on a stack of books I'll never read again
I'm visually impaired, this would be beneficial to me and those like me.
Research more about bag of milk... It's 100% better
Why did Not Just Bikes highlight "cul de sacs" instead of "culs de sac" on the line below?
Good video!
Thanks, sincerely..   a suburban resident, from Montco, PA.
Interesting facts so that means America is truly not the land of the free because 75% of land is zoned for r1 and only 25% sounds actually free and that's facts from this YouTube video!
In 1886 a fellow named LaTrobe who laid out Washington DC designed a subvert of Baltimore called Roland Park for the rich to retreat to in the summer. He had one rule. People could have all the houses and streets and alleys they wanted but could not cut down a single tree to do so.
This thinking makes America become worse. There should be housing choice for everyone. Only young dumb kids want to stack on top of each other
Apartments that cost nearly 2k month for a single bedroom with no laundry hook ups are also bleeding us dry D:  Like seriously this is fucked up, who can afford this shit?
So basically it was more important for White Americans in power to keep their foot on the neck of Black Americans than to have livable cities
Yeah we have bagged milk in canada. There is a holder for it though so you can set it on the table and pour it properly. When you buy it, its a large bag, with 3 of those smaller bags in it. The smaller bags get loaded into the holder, you cut one corner open, or 2 corners so it vents as you pour. Its all ive ever known for milk storage, and its stupid and wasteful. The gallon jugs in the usa are alright, but they are kinda big and take up alot of space in the fridge too.
This is sad, at least here in Miami, if you want this lifestyle you need to live in brickell or downtown. Which is expensive.
Let’s move to Madrid, the best city in the world and best real fooods
I agree, too many developers, builders, are building houses nobody can afford.
Americans don’t share
How about we let people live where they want. Fucking fascist.
Haha. Japan is not famous for affordable housing. That's fake news. The reality is that housing there ranges from expensive to super expensive to even more expensive than that. That's strike one against this video.
Maybe majority of people dont want to live in a shitty densely populated housing property or live near one?
Definitely bought plenty bags of milk in  my life
100 million in 40 years??? What kind of immigration we going to implement to achieve that?  Population growth is dead flat...
I'm gonna buy 10 bags of milk you son of a gun 🔫
"And now it's one of the most sought after areas to live in Colorado..."  We have some mixed-use zoning in Michigan and it's always the most expensive places to live.
Bro shout out to Colorado
Gotta defend bag of milk.  Uses less packaging (better for the environment) and every family (I'm Canadian FYI) has a pitcher designed to hold said bag of milk so you just cut off the tip and pour it out.  The bags of milk with a twist tie on top instead of just a completely sealed bag is a work of the Devil and anyone producing or selling them should be flogged to death!
Its not obvious that your friend isn't blind
Bags of milk are the BEST and keep milk fresh and reduce waste of milk. 1 gal is put into 1l bags. They don’t recycle the jugs and cartons anyway.
You lost me when you said reading books is boring.
“Buying a bag of milk” lmfao
Your "magic of editing" made me spill my bag of milk 🤣
This is great! I love watching "Not Just Bikes"  , not sure why since I cycle almost the identical routes as this dude does so I guess I could just go outside more often?! Just discovered your channel so I'm gonna stay in :P
All my future Tinder dates will be held at zoning meetings
Wait... You English speakers use "cul-de-sac" as a word ?? Lol the way you pronouce it made my day. Also, if you didn't know, in French it literally means "ass of the bag" or "bag ass"
With gas prices going up every day less driving sounds great. Many years ago someone came to my door to garner attention for multi-family development that was being proposed. They were trying get people to be against it so it would not be built. From what I remember the only reason was because it would cause more traffic. From what I knew it was a condos so I told them would you prefer low income housing? The main reason of single family owner occupied homes is the building of equity, most multi-family is rental which does not build equity its only expense. Old people know that people who own have a vested interest in the area are normally better neighbors. We are moving to a own nothing society good or bad.
Economics of bagged milk (tested like last week during a grocery run). 2L milk carton was $4.69 and 4L of bagged milk was like $4.99. Can you guess which is cheaper?
High density housing makes people depressed.
18:30 you got a gift for writing. Would you mind writing up a 2-3 minute proposal for people to follow that is fair, concise, and convincing for people to say in a council meetings? I feel that would help people get started to be involved in the city zoning discussion.
Is your theme song written by CAKE? it sounds like CAKE.
This historical time period wasnt simply racist. This was when the U.S.  dept of Agriculture introduced Eugenics and Sterilization to our laws. It was the Elite class from Harvard and the Rockefellers on a mission to create a master race. It wasnt as simple as "white people". Anyone with brown hair, anyone with a mustache like yourself, are left out as well. This was where Hitler got his influence from.
lol @ PNAS @ 10:30   couldn't they come up with a better acronym?
Sources.. Census Bureau states population expectancy to be roughly 79 million in 40 years. Data showing growth will be slow with a substantial increase in death rate in the 2030's.
Suburb lovers in the comments acting like they can’t live in their house anymore once more apartments are built is the funniest thing. And racists acting like immigrants are the problem when immigrants commit less crime and work more hours.
Talking about the geography of no where!…
This guy is getting that Davos money for sure.
Well done, appreciated, cheers
Just another example of amerikkkanism
white belt white tip maybe. lol
Living with neighbors is hard. Music, kids, animals, appliances, etc. We need extra soundproof condos building. This could bring in people, especially older ones.
Climate Town: You know what doesn't suck? M-EEE!!!
Beeping out the shits is lame.
since when do milk bottles stack, they go in crates so they need a mountain of plastic to ship  bags are way better, i wish they did them where i live
I only just jumped on board recently, but you are my new fave. Love your work. Not American, but still so much of what you say (most of it) is relevant here In Australia, and to us all, everywhere.
The other thing we need is regulation on condo fees and pricing. They're fucking insane. The reason I bought a single detached in an older downtown neighbourhood is because condos didn't offer enough for their price and then charged an additional 500+ a month with no real benefits.
"Time to focus on America!" plays a music clip from a British band... Nailed it
Not everybody wants to live like china
Cities suck
Who wants to live in an apartment
An interesting follow-on to this would be a video on transit-oriented development in conjunction with zoning codes that get re-evaluated frequently.
Single family zoning has everything to do with homeowners not wanting multi family buildings being built and nothing to do with discrimination or racism.  As it turns out, if you own a single family home on a quarter acre lot, you probably don't want an apartment building being built in your neighborhood.
Have you been to a low cost apartment building?     Its a bad place to live
Well you can even do research on a bag of milk that is not what it looks like in Canada, They are obviously sealed you're looking at something from a farm that was made by somebody. We have dispensers that hold the bag and you cut a tiny slit on the top corner to pour it into a cup,  Same way as if you were to flip the corner flop of a juice Box and cut the edge to pour the juice out instead using the straw, it's not rocket science lol
I dunno man.  I was pretty happy to live in the burbs during the pandemic rather than downtown (I used to live in a highrise).  Depending on the city you live in things arent too far, I have three grocery stores within 3 miles of my house.  Bagged milk: This is often used a lot in 3rd world countries.  Most people do not have refrigerators and cannot store a gallon or even half gallon of milk so they sell it in bags.  It's cheaper than cartons and when you make less than $100-200 per month you have to save every penny.
what's wrong with racism ?
Just a little correction, the « s » is « culs de sac » is silent and so is the « l ». It sounds more like « queue-de-sac ».
Live in a pod. Eat the bug. You will own nothing and like it.
I don't want to share walls with my disgusting unsanitary neighbors and inherit their cockroach problem, I don't want to share a building with a bunch of welfare losers smoking weed all day and have the smell permeate into my home, I don't want to try to sleep while my neighbors argue and scream at each other or decide to blast Latin rap music at 3:00 am.  I don't want to walk to my shared parking lot and step in dogshit. I don't like having my car stolen or broken into.  I experienced all of this in my Boston apartment living for a decade.   Public transportation you say? How do you like cramming up against strangers in a packed car, breathing their germs? How do you like dealing with violent drug addled people, crazy people, gangs of thugs who want to beat and rob you? How do you like walking to the station in the snow only to discover the train is broken yet again, and you have to scramble to find an uber to get to work in time?
Bags of milk actually are better for the environment. You have a bag of milk holder that you put the bag in, and that way you don’t need to have a jug that you throw out every week. Saves on emission and on landfill space.
You got me with “the second lowest belt in Taekwando” 😆
In the future i think lots of those mind numbingly boring car dependent suburbs will need to be knocked down and returned to green fields, hard to disagree with anything you said in your video, mixed use land centred around good public transit is the best long term strategy for any city, Amsterdam gets this so right, nice vid 👍
I lived in the suburbs for 3 months and it was hell  I'd rather live in a dangerous neighborhood in Los Angeles than any suburb.  Oh yeah  My neighborhood me with a bb before I shot him in the face with a bb. Best time in those 3 ml months.
You will own nothing and be happy
Bagged milk is actually pretty legit. I had some friends growing up who fell on some financially tough times and switched to bagged milk because it was like $0.10 cheaper or something. They cut open one corner of the bag and put it in a pitcher with hooks designed to hold the bag without spilling. It's cheaper and less plastic waste than the usual jugs (which matters because recycling is a bit of a farce).   In other news, reduction of dumb zoning laws seems like a no-brainer of a political cause with potential to build pretty broad coalitions. It appeals to Libertarians, so it might pull decent fraction of people who usually vote republican. For real progress, we need messaging that can make broad appeals so we can actually pass legislation.
Pass on dense city living. Bums, weirdos, crazies, and dirty people live in cities and I don't want them near me.
Seattle have done away will single family zoning
This channel is hella UNDERRATED! The jokes, the delivery, the knowledge, the editing! You deserve millions of subscribers. Keep it going! It's impossible for it to not happen with this quality content.
As a european i always looked at north americam single houses suburbs as parking lots for humans.
Few neighborhoods in Toronto fit your taste, but they are either too expensive to buy a unit, or simply just too dangerous for night owls like me who like to Jay walk around in midnight
Ah, quality content with humour that's right up my alley. And long live the bags of milk!
This is why I love living in apartment building.
But... renting sucks. If we had apartment zones everywhere it would further perpetuate the renting class hell we are already descending into.  The answer isn't to tightly pack everyone together into apartments, the answer is to build more homes, with energy efficient technology.  No one I know WANTS townhouses, they just have no choice, single family homes are too expensive.
The thing thay gets me is that every reference is "Europe". But organic urban growth happens, actually, mostly in poor countries today. Third world countries around the planet are urbanizing so fast that planning takes too much time and money to be worth it. So what happens is that anywhere you go is filled with bakeries, shops and other services just meters away from the houses, BECAUSE SETTING YOUR BUSINESS CLOSE TO THE CONSUMER SELLS MORE! WHO WOULD'VE THOUGHT? We are just trying to survive here!
I think I got married in that Golden Courthouse lol
Dumb. Absolutely dumb.
We live in a democracy with the power to change things, but to few take the time.
I lived in NYC for 4 years and I loved that I could walk everywhere. Needed groceries? There was a store 5mins away. Needed something from Home Depot? Boom… 7mins away. Wanted to go to a concert? Just paid $6 round trip in the Subway
I lived in NYC for 4 years and I loved that I could walk everywhere. Needed groceries? There was a store 5mins away. Needed something from Home Depot? Boom… 7mins away. Wanted to go to a concert? Just paid $6 round trip in the Subway
You lost me at bagged milk.
So you're telling me that state regulations make harder for poor people to get good stuff...libertarians have been saying it for years...
Comment to boost engagement. All hail the algorithm.
lived in apartments, lived in a townhouse.  no thank you...
4:22 man pulled an Exxon
We need to stop and reverse overpopulation. To do this, we need to only have 0-2 kids, have less kids, adopt kids, and educate women about birth control. This way we can protect our natural ecosystems, the environment, and reduce pollution.
*It is funny that it is OK to blame suburbs for something but it is not ok to blame a certain race for something.*  *If it wasn't for all the crime in the cities, I won't say who causes much of the crime in the cities.  Then I do not think many people would move to the suburbs.*
That September cover was hilarious.
Even if climate change wasn't an issue, the suppression of creativity should be enough to make us furious.
Are you suggesting we lower our immigration numbers? Americans are not having large families anymore so we shouldn’t be sparing as much
Sorry but that simply was WAY too LONG -- could have made the point in 5 minutes or even LESS.
A lot of great info, but please, I've lived in those European rat holes they call apartments... thanks, but no thanks.
POV: A mediocre pool player teaches you about zoning laws and why Suburbs suck. (They really do)
A huge problem here. The narrator says it's good for our health. That is a lie it's horrible for our mental health. Do you think that it feels great to be cooped up and huddled up to all your neighbors and some little ugly box building? No we all deserve small homes and yards so we can sprawl out and relax when we get home instead of feeling like we're huddled on a couch with 10 other people. I know I have lived next to these kind of places in New Jersey and in other states. It's psychologically defeating. Coming home to some square box building that everyone is jammed into. Forget about it. Lol. You mentioned health you're so wrong it's not even funny. You couldn't be more wrong. It's so bad for health, mentally, I can even reference suicides that I believe are related to this disgusting phenomena. It's beautiful to come home to a small home that you can paint yourself that you can decorate yourself that you have rules that only you follow and you don't have to answer to a landlord or a housing commission. That's what America is about that's all it's ever been about. What you want is something that's very European and I love cities and I love skyscrapers but I really just hate these boxy apartment and these boxy condos that are all painted the same color it's really really stressful mentally and it's really uninspiring. Right now my life is tough but you know what gets me through the day? Inspiration. Sunny days wonderful people. It's important to inspire and boxy copy and paste apartment and condo projects are depressing.
No I'm good gimme the burbs over cesspool cities any day of the year
Apartments and condos suck more
Walkable space is nice but if your neighbors are not neat the extermination fees will trump the gas u pay to get to the grocery store
I wish I could live near my work.  I drive an hour to the office.  My house costs me $1190 a month (3k Sq ft) the cheapest apartment by my office is $2700.
I love the hulk hogan cameos!
I am glad I discovered this channel. There is some serious quality info here (not even American)
Bag of milk is totally a thing.... You need the container : https://i.cbc.ca/1.5412961.1577985405!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/original_620/milk-bag-in-a-plastic-container.jpg We have that in canada and it works :D
We have reusable containers for the milk bags.  Bags have much less plastic than jugs.  You as an environmentalist should promote the bag.  Love the bag.  Suckle a corner and hug it to sleep.  Long live the milk bag.
I don't want to live near a lot of other people. I will live in a sparce population. I will defend it in a manner that thins local populations.
In the next hundred years Americans will buy 2 billion new firearms to add to 350 million we already we have in civilian hands.  Suburbs good apartment complexes bad!
just no!!! I once lived in One of those walkable cities you mentioned in Europe. they are great if you are Young, childless and have lots of free time. if you want to relax, provide safety and Comfort to your family and be more relaxed about noises, as well as have the quietness for reading a book or sleep late, you need less dense urban living ir even go rural. European centers are great for exchange students but a living hell for working age people who live in them. the denser the more expensive it is to buy tour home/rent, and the furthest from your job (cheaper options), the more you need to tackle with reckless Weather days, public transportation strikes/failures/delays which Hinder your career seriously.  Europe decentivises you from having a family, a shelter from 'big noise', and a sense of community. when all the novelty of bars, theaters and cafes wears off, you're left with noisy neighbors, cramped living space and a daily marathon to get to your job and back. the friday mood is 'kill me now' and you'll pass by thousands of tourists fascinated by the scenary. well, life is not art, and too short for waisting away  so, i moved out One of those walkable cities. thank God for that.
I've gained more perspective from your video.  Thank you.  Thumb up.
I want high density areas to be built but definitely not in my neighborhood. The single family house to me is not so much about the house itself, its about being in a quiet area that smells nice and has low crime. I live in an area that the houses are 50-100 feet away from each other. I don't have to hear, (or more importantly) smell my neighbors. I can literally leave my keys in my unlocked car on the street and it’s still there in the morning. I don't want that ruined with a bunch of apartments and shops.
People want space , let them live peacefully without constant people yelling at them… don’t act like a dense city is better for climate change lol have you ever lived in Vietnam or any south east Asia cities
The rumor is that there is Patreon tier where you get a bag of milk….brother
Well, I sure am glad we found the root of all modern societal problems again! I was starting to get worried that my public education might have failed me.  Got a problem? Well, it was racism of course. Could there be any other contributing factors? Yes, racism.
We all know the US is the biggest sack of s hit.
Ayeee I live in Belmar. Shoutout!
What is the music called at 1:45 I would love to use it in a meme of my own.
Just subscribed.
Whenever I visit one of those newly developed mixed use zones it's all super corporate businesses and extremely expensive housing.
Zoning is screwing things up here in Toronto too. It's insane! We have a serious housing shortage, homelessness is on the rise and for the most part, all we are building are condos, with units looking like big closets. Between developers/builders filling politicians' pockets to get condos buildings approved and zoning restrictions, we are absolutely #$%^ed. (Edit: we're @#$%ed in terms of affordable housing is what I meant)
You're comparing apples to oranges. Of course the walkable city centres in Europe are fantastic. So is Manhattan. What does that have to do with the surburbs? People who live outside of central London also need a car. The only difference is most of the London suburbanites are squashed into flats and tiny townhouses with little to no yards instead of a 3000 sq ft detached with a deck and a swimming pool. I have lived in central London and downtown Toronto, Reading (50 miles west of Paddington) and suburban/exurban Toronto. The biggest problem with suburban Toronto vs suburban London is the lack of public transport into the city centre. But this is a separate urban planning issue that cannot be solved by changing the zoning in Toronto's suburbs.  Toronto was a very small city and they opened up Canada to relentless mass immigration without laying down infrastructure first and now it's difficult and costly to retrofit. The simplest solution to all of this is to stop the relentless mass immigration and continually piling people into cities that were not built to house and transport millions more people. Why should people living on one of the largest landmasses on earth be squashed into tinier and tinier housing to accommodate people born on a landmass on the other side of the planet. Destroying your quality of life and spending hundreds of billions of dollars turning your city upside down so no one calls you a racist or a xenophobe. Great tradeoff.
F
those horns at 1 minute were way to loud man almost made me click off coz it made me jump so bad
Thank god for the illegal high density building or they would have everyone packed into a rat can. I lived in an apartment, the noise level sucked, never again. If I walk out of my house and can't see my neighbor's house or property, bonus! People only live in those high density places because they have to. Who likes neighbors? I hope they never get rid of that rule. Go to another country if you don't like your space. Two thumbs down high density housing.
hwaaat - you are calling hamurica a :D free... :D country after what that orange monkey did for you, you cretins still believe in that freedom joke?! - you are the most asshole_y country in the world, there - i fixed it for ya (; (rasha and u.k. are close by so be careful)
deregulating construction of housing WITHOUT hard price controls on new construction does not actually increase the housing supply
Democrats: - Defund the police - murdering babies is okay if it “helps women” - Don’t allow the public to have guns - We must do everything help the poor American minorities (I agree - but not with all their methods)!  Also Democrats: - why don’t the police do more when bad stuff happens?  - A woman’s ability to compete in sports against her own biological gender is worthless against a man’s desire to compete against women.  - But let us democrat politicians keep our armed bodyguards with their military-grade weapons.  - Proceeds to allow gas prices to increase to “fight climate change”, inflation to skyrocket, & encourage more drugs to infiltrate cities through illegal immigration; all of which impacts poor minorities more than anyone else.
No one WANTS to live forever in cramped and crowed apartment buildings - especially when you start a family.  Most people would rather have the space to move about outside.  And since democrats have opened the gates to allow the entire world to move here in a day, now no one can be happy.
Not just bikes cites Euclid not wanting Chicago factories spreading to their city but I would think it should be Cleveland factories as Euclid is a suburb of Cleveland, Ohio.
Thanks!
Wow I remember villa italia mall .
"In the mid 1800's, factories started popping up to crank out things like textiles, and barrels, and lung disease" lmao love it
Why do the boomers want everything but also hate everything 🤔
Subbed
bag = less plastic than jug
Ummmm I like having a 6 acre yard and I like my 3 vehicles 🥹. To ppl like me places like cali n ny are shit holes 🤣🤣🤣. I also have no desire to use public transportation lol. My job is only a 20min drive away also.
Hahaha the bag of milk in the narrative totally distracted me, and then you called it out. Fantastic! Might just have to look into Patreon, not just for humor, but solid info!
You're not kidding about that 15 min ride taking a few buses and a train. I did that for a few years 5 days a week.
really a major problem with renting is the uncontrolled cost of renting, it's comparable in price to getting a loan for a house but you now have a house with land. sure you pay extra for taxes (land) and repairs and such but the VALUE you get out of owning a house is massive. your networth is actually positive when you own a home, it's a actual investment that can gain value.
Damn racist bigots sure got triggered about their neo-fascist nimby suburbs in the comment section.
we only got our milk in bags like these when were young 😂
I have to put this into perspective detroit as a whole has a huge public transit problem virtually non-exsitntet thanks to it being the motor city. How ironic the very thing that put it on top of America would bring it to bankruptcy. We are recovering and the public transit problem has become so bad people are now demanding it so that's in the works but gas prices here are not as bad but its an example of how car centric cities can become so destroyed
As a graduate of that "school" in BelMar, you're being generous to call it that.
I started to comment on "bag of milk" but only got halfway through before Climate Town mentioned it. I thought I was going crazy for a second.
Thankfully we don't have this problem where I live
14:40 glad to see bag of milk inside a bag of milk in the top 3 rows of image results :)
Nothing better to do with your life??
Sounds great, except in the last year people have stolen a car and multiple bicycles from her “private “ parking garage. They still haven’t stolen anything from my single family garage
I wish they would increase the soundproofing requirements in apartment buildings , to make living in them less awful.
i would like to add something since you didnt mention it. if zoning regulations would indeed change and people would accumulate in the attractive cities nearby, the rural areas would die out on long term. its quite obvious really. you may suffer from health problems due to air pollution and crime rate would go up a tad. in europe we try to revive those areas by offering high speed internet for those who are able to work from home (just an example)
Living in a high density residence sucks ass.
bag of milk: you buy a plastic jug in purchase one, there after you buy a bag of milk to top up your one at home. saves like 80% plastic. tried it in england but it didnt catch on
13:43 Nope! We Dutchies don't have bagged milk. That's a Leaf thing
If it made sense it wouldn't exist in America.
1:53 - are we, though?
Euclid Ohio's fears of Chicago's factories expanding toward them was probably not the case, since Chicago, Illinois is hundreds of miles away. Perhaps you meant Cleveland's factories.
All i got from this video is "over educated hipster with a lisp condescends to me about why owning my own house and my own land away from a city where im not bothering anyone is racist and also bad for the environment"
We grew up with so much fear of minorities in the suburbs.  No wonder conspiracy theories like replacement theory find such an audience..
brilliant, clicked hard on the sub button
LOL at all the Suburb haters and environmentalist busybodies.
Everyone doesn’t want to live in apartments.
Over in Asian many thinks come in bags. Sometimes you don’t want a whole gallon of milk, just like sometimes you don’t want a whole pack of cigarettes, you just want that one when you’re drunk.
builders also build huge single family homes because that's where the profit is.  There is no economic incentive in most places to build a duplex or small apartment building.
Wanted to watch this, but just couldn’t get past the host wearing bright blue tape.
I don’t think this country will ever get better. With transit, community improvement and access, everyday life, health and happiness. I know there must be someone trying to make an effort, but there’s too much to do and already too many people. Certainly not in my lifetime. I’m in my 20s now and plan on living a long time… really don’t think anything will change for the current generation or even the one or two after. This has been been the design for centuries, really, and built on archaic and White supremacist systems our country’s leaders and citizens just won’t let go of. We’re supposed to be the greatest country in the world, but it’s been embarrassment after embarrassment, dumb decision after dumb decision for too long.  I’ll check out the links you provided though. Thanks.  5/30/22 ☀️ 1134
Side note, Euclid was seriously off the hook 🤙
Guy: This isn't about taking away something from single family homeowners  Also guy: We need to rezone the suburbs  Me: How about you start with existing cities? Improve them and expand in concentric circles. Draw people in voluntary instead of stealing from the suburbs.
I don't feel the least bit guilty about where I live or how I contribute to "Global Warming". Why? Well because I live a very clean life compared to the untold billions who don't. So you should go to China, India, or any third world country and tell them they are bad. Better yet, why don't you move there. Nobody mentions that we are the cleanest country on the planet... are there huge smog clouds over any American city like there is in Beijing?
If you don't like the suburbs, don't live there.
This video disqualifies itself. It's not racist now and wasn't racist then for wealthier people to not want to live with the poor. I don't want to live around their:  - crime - graffiti and pollution - lack of morals - lack of civil behavior - ignorance  The FACT is not all people are equal. If you are poor, the odds are I am better than you.
he looks like joel haver
cul means ass in french and "culs" is in plural
Yet another example of how racism not only impacts the discriminated people, but society as a whole.
Then how will I wash my car when it takes me an hour.
Newark New Jersey has toxic plants
Bag milk is better. It does not spill because you have a holder. You can pile sealed bags on top of each other.
Since liberals refuse to prosecute criminals in the cities and enforce the laws, more and more urban residents will flock to the suburbs.
It’s simple moron … property is owned by individuals their land their choice of how to use it…… you want to live like a rat go for it.     But you have no right to degrade  others for their freedoms .    So basically fuck off.     Second choice move to a communist country. Then that’s can direct your life completely.
And I'm willing to bet that those zoning meetings are scheduled at the most convenient times...
I have to point out that there's a lot of us who would rather commit suicide than live in the high density complex. Cities in general are extremely harmful for your mental health and your physical health.
Lame stream medie and the dork show.. LMAO! That made me laugh
The problem is, if you allow low income housing into the neighborhood, violence,  sexual assult, drug dealing,  theft, homelessness skyrockets because you are allowing that element to move in. Property values soon plummet
Its all about Tax Revenue, not going to change.
I’ll take my R1 single family home.  I like my privacy.
Americans are leaving the cities. Between July 1, 2020 and July 1, 2021, New York City lost 305,000 residents. Los Angeles County lost nearly 160,000. Cook County, home of Chicago, lost nearly 90,000. San Francisco lost nearly 55,000. The counties in which Boston, Dallas, Miami, Philadelphia, San Jose, Seattle, and Washington are located each lost well over 20,000. Collectively, the counties containing 26 of the nation’s 33 largest cities lost nearly 900,000 residents.
1:30 sadly boys that is NOT what she said 😔😔😔
My house is literally a two and a half hour walk from my school lol. Wait nvm I just looked at it and it's 3 hours 😊
Zoning may seem unreasonable and often is.  However, if you plunk down $500k for your dream home you want to be assured that a 100 unit low income project isn't going to be built just down the street.
Higher density housing increases crime.
The suburbs in the US are boring and ugly.
1989 KMART TAPE!!!!
I think you may have inadvertently indicted Ralphie Parker's parents
A bag of milk is convenient, it doesn't make that much trash after using it and you can put it in your fancy jar. Bag of milk for the win!
This dudes delivery is very entertaining.
Yeah, single family is a waste of space. But I'm interested in the reasons why they came to that conclusion.
First 30 seconds 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
People in detached houses are detached from reality.
When your city becomes a war zone, people want out and move to the suburbs. So what are we expecting?
All you young “Progressives”:  Stop voting for worthless politicians who are making cities undesirable and unsafe.  Now is your chance to help reverse the outmigration from the cities.  In the meantime, leave the rest of us alone!
There is smart development  - zoning is one problem  - the extra cost is the other.  Sidewalks and bike paths are expensive. What happened to re urbanisation  from the 90s?
Bag of milk?
Good topic and points.  Another negative effect of suburbs is the youth leaving for more interesting places to live.
I don't want to live in a compact urban environment.  Many people don't.
Lol sure because everybody after the last 2 years wants soooo baddly to live in crime ridden cities.
Easy to say if your a vagrant apartment dweller and own no land. These children don’t really understand much.
the problem with video is, people dont all work in shoppes, where they can live above. im not gonna hop on a bus-train-bus-walk to my job. car makes it easy. also public transpot doesnt take you everywhere. only to high density areas. work is pread out no centrally located
You know the us isn’t the only country that used slaves and has a racist history. Do some research and quit being so guilty
Higher density housing means these people aren't paying the property taxes to fund schools. They are free riders. Maybe immigration should be cut and the population stabilized. You can live like a rat in a high rise. Im not. Moreover, it seems to me if we can hasten climate change, maybe we can kill off the excess population and return things to equilibrium, so suburbs are a good idea.
In Henrico VA near Richmond VA. A mall that was dying they are adding apartments plus an aquatic centre.
This is a liberal rant to get people to all live in cities so they can be controlled by Democrats. People move from the city to have a little bit of freedom. Democrats flood the country with people at our Southern border. Along with Republicans and all kinds of billionaires and corporations, there is a great LOVE and NEED to keep flooding the country. NOW the same people that yammer on about the environment, Global Warming, recycling, the Green New Deal, Electric cars, lawnmowers, etc are seeing the laws that they created in Democrat Run Cities are now forcing them to run out of water, out of free spaces. They are totally into abortion even live birth abortions, they love CONTROL. And so to control the masses that they TAX, they need people in the CITIES where people have ZERO space and freedom. They want you in a sort of project or a high rise because they don't have nearly as much foresight as they think they do. The WEST is RUNNING out of WATER and so it is PANIC time. And they want to do away with the ELECTORAL COLLEGE and the so called FLY OVER STATES. They want to determine every election by the popular vote of NYC, California and people in cities are TRAPPED. Now they want to do away with suburbs because people out there might be more SELF RELIANT and those people tend to think a little more for themselves. They aren't broke and on welfare. People in the suburbs are more professional and they took their TAX DOLLARS with them. Democrats are in a PANIC when they can't control people. Hence this video. And it's not as if he doesn't make some valid points, I just think I know why he cares about this.
lol nothing more dutch than getting excited when i see delft pop up
Who wants to live in a huge apartment complex when you can live in a single family residence?  You?  Not me or anyone I know.  High density housing breeds crime and it’s more expensive than living i the suburbs as well.
Mason's hand puppet
Do you lecture in Colorado where the atrocious urban planning and unsustainable population growth and sprawl on the Front Range has gone out of control for at least 2 decades now? Woke Colorado is as disgustingly white and elitist in their environmental self-importance.
Good storytelling-- and I didn't even know I was interested in a channel about zoning. The biggest mystery for me: why do you use blue painter's tape on your lavalier mic? That's stranger than a bag of milk.
The current US population is at or below replacement rate. Why are we going to grow 100 million people?
Best choice  Rural We are free from crowds of morons and their noise
He’s so FUNNY… He really made me laugh about something that might otherwise make me sad. Thanks! 🙏🏽
Yeah but cities aren't aren't either? Like I don't want to live in apartments like that together with people.
Understanding #NaturalRights, especially #PropertyRights, is essential if you want sustainable development.
Suburbs are boring true , on the other hand not all of us want to live in a congested cities on top of millions of people.
A bag of milk uses less resources then cartons or jugs... Or do you only care about resource use selectively?
You nailed the problem on the head right at the beginning. *CENTRAL PLANNERS* whose ideas are backed up by government force.    We need to get GOVERNMENT back into its legitimate domain (protecting inalienable rights) and not behaving like our father or mother. Telling us what we have to do, or treating us like we're incapable infants.    #nonaggressionprinciple #VOLUNTARYISM
Great production. Loved that you called out "bag of milk" because yes, I heard it too, and immediately thought your guest was from Canada.
Just ignore the fact that the suburbs kept house prices low for a generation, and could hold the key to ending our current housing shortage.  Let's just hate on them, then, like that will fix shit.  "Walkable neighborhoods" are nice for young people but are a nightmare to raise a family in, and do you really want to have to rent an apartment for your whole life?  Do you want to hand control of your living on a fundamental level to some landlord? Suburbs can be built better, but really strong zoning is what got us to the housing shortage we have in the first place, doubling down will not get us out of it.
Or we could not increase  the population by 100 million. That is the right answer.
Great concept and I like it Very popular for affordable housing in other country's. My issue as Americas government idea of "affordable fare housing". Don't trust the government they will change the rules as they want. Just ask a Indian.
😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
You still wouldn't pronounce the s on "culs-de-sac"... French,  le Pffft!  Also, that's not what a 'practical ' bag of milk looks like. That image IS actually a bad idea
War is coming.   This crisis we in. I give less than 2 years before ppl revolt. George Floyd and capital hill riots. Times 1000
In California they want you to use less water so that they can allowed house builders to keep making homes and giving kick backs to top officials
Single family homes maximize property taxes per person.  Make public transportation terrible and they get to tax the home and the automobile/s required to commute.
It's insane that Americans are just discovering 'walking to the shops'.
Instead of suburbs, you could live in exciting New York City.   A ride on the Subway is a thrilling experience,  if you survive.  Remember when waiting for the Subway stand against the wall,  and wait for the train to stop.  (If you stand close to the tracks, a fellow New Yorker will push you under the train). Once the train has stopped,  you become a fullback clutching on to you brief case or purse, like a fullback running through the line. Of course New York has hunt clubs.  They are called rat hunting clubs.  The club members have Rat Terriors.   A Rat Terrior can kill 5 rats in 30 sec.  New York has millions of rats, so you never run out of sport.   Each rat club has a contingency Pit Bull Club,  that protects the Rat Hunt Club from New York Night Life.  In New York, you have muggers,  rapist, and drug addict.  You need Pit Bull protection,  because the Police operate under the terms of catch, and take them to jail for quick release.  Catch and release only applies to criminals.  Hard working citizens do hard time if they harm a criminal.  So if you get mugged, and the Police happen by and arrest the muggers.  Don't say anything to the Police,  run home, before the mugger get released,  and comes back to finish the job. Remember Rat Hunting is very exciting.
This video is tedious and boring.   Suburb are great. Single family home are great.   I don't like duplex homes. I don't want to hear my neighbor flush his toilet.
🤡🌎
Another over educated fool that has a lot of stupid ideas with no cures
they always go after the suburbs but never millionaire mansions, i wonder why? high density sucks, thats why its so expensive. america prefers living in peaceful areas.
No, people are finding out what living beyond their means is all about,  everyone is rich on plastic,  it's when the green runs out you find out what you can really afford
My experience is that new developments in the US seem to be built without sidewalks, or not enough. Developers can save money and fit more houses on a big plot of land if they don't include sideways. Zoning laws should be changed to mandate sidewalks.
I love living in the suburbs I grew up in Chiraq the largest outdoor gun range . I like my sanctuary away from the city I also love knowing the average Joe can’t afford my neighborhood we also have Blue Ribbon schools and I moved from Illinois .
Funny how black folks are accused of playing “the race card” when we say racism is woven into the fabric of this country…
About to take a 10 min walk next to a river and trees to a supermarket to get some stroopwafels (isn't even the closest supermarket) to flex on all you Americans. Brb I'm also about to play some football on the football field literally behind my house.
lol shout out Parker
You might have a degree but you’re a idiot
"We don't build low density, low efficiency housing because America prefers it..." That's actually EXACTLY why single family zoning is so dominant, because Boomers bought their houses in the suburbs to get away from "urban" people, and didn't want those "urban" people to afford to live in their neighborhoods and bring the values down.  It was classic "pulling the ladder up behind you" mentality.
In Brazil basically people build the way they want and zoning laws are basically defined by builders. The result is chaos and ugliness.
Lol living in a conglomorate of 40 story buildings with only one lane in each lane cos cough cough* climate change. Bro ur a sell out to rich developers that dont lick a though about their waste. Youngins see whos robbing u. Throw him a carrot n ignore
3:57 Uses a sample from a song by a British band....
no, immigration is bleeding america dry
kinda funny that Mongolian was specifically named back then, now there's barely any Mongolians.
I like the car system we use in America and really dislike 3 and 4 plus story homes.
If you want to live in a high density, high crime, large homeless encampment-encouraged, and poorly governed urban area, you are free to do so.  As for me, I'm staying in my low density, low crime, no homeless-seeing exurbia escape from woke, SJW, climate alarmists.  You do you and I'll take care of myself.
Oh, right, what can YOU do with the knowledge that "someone" lied to you about the difference between absolute ownership of your land versus qualified ownership of your land? Next zoning meeting you go to, step up to the mic and sweetly ask, "Do these zoning regulations only apply to REAL ESTATE?" When they say, "yes," smile sweetly, say, "thank you," and continue with: "So if folks change their property designation from real estate to PRIVATE PROPERTY, they don't have to deal with zoning - GREAT!" Look for pained expressions and dropped jaws. (Oh, and in case you didn't know, endowed rights cannot be taxed. And private property ownership is one of those "sacred" rights. Yeah, that's right. ZERO property taxes. Zero school taxes. Zero Zero Zero.) __" PERSONAL LIBERTY, or the Right to enjoyment of life and liberty, is one of the fundamental or NATURAL RIGHTS, which has been protected by its inclusion as a guarantee in the various constitutions, which is not derived from, or dependent on, the U.S. Constitution, which may not be submitted to a vote and may not depend on the outcome of an election. It is one of the most sacred and valuable Rights, as sacred as the Right to private property...and is regarded as inalienable."__  - - - 16 Corpus Juris Secundum, Constitutional Law, Sect.202, p.987... (Those pesky endowed / sacred rights cannot be "voted" away....)
Too bad no one bothers to read law anymore. (huh?) zoning regulations cannot be applied to PRIVATE PROPERTY (huh?). Private property is defined as that which is absolutely owned by an individual, and NO servant government can do diddly. Whereas estate (aka "real estate") is held with qualified ownership and can be taxed, regulated and confiscated without paying just compensation (as required by the fifth amendment, etc, etc, etc). Don't believe me - go read the law for yourself - or write a polite questionnaire to "your" public servants.
Which has more population urban or suburban? About 46 million Americans live in the nation's rural counties, 175 million in its suburbs and small metros and about 98 million in its urban core counties.May 22, 2018.  More people live in the suburbs.
💫💫💫Yes. Yes. Yes. Brilliant my new friend. Facts, history (CRT without question proved in housing), humor and climate science. Instantly SUBSCRIBED. Thank you for your work. I will be tweeting and sharing on FB. Such good information delivered in a way that makes time fly. Did I say THANK YOU? Salute.💯💯💯💥💥
I live in the Detroit suburbs, but my church is in Detroit in the middle of an empty wasteland that was once an urban neighborhood. It’s not far from downtown and I always imagine what could be done with the area. I’ve always lived in the burbs, but I’d prefer walkable city life. My wife prefers the burbs. It’s just so darn boring to me. There’s nowhere to walk really unless you enjoy cookie cutter houses. Not that I’m planning a move to Detroit, but there’s a part of me that would if I was single. Fix a house up in that area and be a mile from downtown which would be pretty cool. The area isn’t all that dangerous the way it was 25 years ago because people are gone and it’s a blank slate. You’d get more solitude in an empty Detroit neighborhood than here in the burbs, but you’d have somewhere to walk to. It’s like country living in the city.
Ha.. in Fontana Ca. It was, "Baseline is the race line", & until today you can see the difference in housing
Your group should revist these ideas with more depth into the newengland states. Myself being from CT we have a huge variety in zoning and each can support or disprove points that we're brought up in this video.
Tight compact housing leads to high rates of loneliness and depression. Also to kids with very poor health. Little kids need hours a day of outside play time to frolic. They can't sit inside in front of a TV all day because the only thing outside is more buildings. And don't tell me they can just go to the nearby park. That requires an adult be there the whole time. What adult can just sit at a park for hours on end everyday watching their kids play? This is why houses have yards. I get mixed zoning walkable neighborhoods. I live in one and I love just walking to the store, but I also love having a yard for my kids to play without needing constant active adult supervision. And even if everyone lived in tight multi use areas, people still need cars. Not everyone can work at home, be a barista at the nearest coffee shop, or work in the high rise business district just a short bus ride away. My commute to work is 20 minutes by car. It would be 2 hours by bus, each way! That's not feasible. I'm not giving up 3.5 hours everyday to sit on a bus just so I can not have a car. Besides, there's lots of places I go on a regular basis that I can't get to by bus nor can just take an Uber to go to. But I do agree houses are too big and spread apart. No one needs 4,000 sf to house 2 kids and a chihuahua. The compact gridded neighborhoods of the early 20th century seems to me to be the best compromise. Walkable, family friendly, but everyone has private outdoor spaces for their mental health and their kids' physical health.
We’re gonna roast because everything is imported from thousands of miles away and brought to us on oil burning barges. 50 years ago, we were much better to the earth.
Our city has been changing some of this. The old been here 50 years, paid off tract home group doesn't think anyone would want to live in mixed use or multifamily housing. They are sooooo wrong!!! They created an urban growth boundary ( woohoo) then don't like the high density housing that comes with that. So much drama in my town.
crapitalism, the biggest failure never ever allowed to be spoken about... but let's hear the white/right tell everyone (quoting cancun ted cruz) "everyone wants to come to america because we're the "free-est" country in the world".    counter argument... america had the resources to build a country 10 times better, but we have come up woefully short because, christo-fascist crapitalism and the greedy conservative crapitalists have hindered a free and prosperous nation FOR ALL.  ex;   amerikkka has the money to end world hunger AND homelessness in america... hell, the 3 richest people in amerikkka, bezos, gates, and musk have the wealth to do that alone... but you see where the money goes right?   we can't even have universal health care or gun control...   "the greatest country"?    how about "the biggest squandered opportunity in world history."
It's almost like the people in charge don't actually care about all the causes they claim too. It's almost like they only care about making themselves as wealthy as possible.
Instead lf building new suburbs, or forcing people into gross multi unit condos with tiny yards, or even worse, multi story units with absolutely no outside areas of their own to use... Have families stay living together... Theres no reason at all to go live by yourself when you could stay living at your parents and contribute to all the bills and house work.. Thats how we used to do it.. Multi generational houses were always how we did it.. But that wouldnt make any money for the land developers.. Another benefit to multi generational family housing is grandparents can watch the kids and even home school them. Family units would be much stronger and the children would obtain the values their parents and grandparents instill onto them instead of government employees (public school teachers) instilling their "values".  My mother in law moved in with my wife and i and its been great.. She helps with the bills, helps baby sit, helps clean.. And it saves her a ton of money upkeeping her own house that she would otherwise be living in all alone. We definitely can not continue to expand housing developments like they have been, there is simply not enough room.. Plus it destroys farm land. Big apartment buildings arent the answer either, they give no sense of accomplishment that you get owning and maintaining your own property/house, plus having a yard thats your own to have some outside privacy..
So glad you acknowledged the bag of milk thing. Bags of milk are totally the way — if milk was okay. They have special pictures that you put the bag in to help you pour it and it doesn't spill
Millenial hipster doofus=CRINGE AS FUKKKKKKKK
NYC is a pretty walkable city. Reason why I like living here and have no car.
People here need to start walking places. That would definitely help the overweight crisis. My funniest USA memory: once we as a family were walking to a grocery store in the Midwest, where I guess everyone must drive, and I kid you not- a police officer actually thought we needed help like our car was broken down or something, because he thought it so strange to see a family walking. Wow, don't people in the US walk anywhere outside of California or NYC?
sorry, much rather live in a single family home than a cluster fuck of an apartment where I an subjugated to their rules and privacy concerns. much rather have my own house with my own land and portion outdoors to smoke, drink, party, and grill in peace with my pets and family. goodbye citydweller
Just saw a doc on Malaysia's racist zoning,  so glad I found your video too.
Fellow Columbia Grad 😎
You meant a bunch of laws written by white people. I seen what you tried to do but this is exactly white I believe most of you people are racist. Minimizing an obvious point to make it seem like they aren't the problem. Even the problem the video is based on is caused by your people.
First time watching one of your videos. Loved the humor and the content!
Walkable hoods are great...however...the price to rent in these walkable zones where life is so grand also have through-the-roof-rental prices and typically have higher rates of homelessness...what's  the solution there? Folks commute and create emissions because they have to live 20-30 miles out of the city center to afford housing to go to the jobs that help the economy of the urban hot spots they can't even afford to live in. It's comedy. A sick, sad comedy. Expanding the cities into the suburbs leads to the dreaded "urban sprawl" that suburbanites hate. The answer, or at least part of it... is for owners to lower rent rates, and counties to lower property taxes, and cut back on foreign, non-American real estate investors currently flooding the market in every major city (looking at you, Los Angeles). I said what I said! Great video, by the way.
I liked the video at 1:41, thank you for taking the time to explain zoning, it’s a mess in a lot of places.
Where I live in Burbank. Everything is walkable. Most of it was designed and built in the 30s and 40s. Small lots, Modest single family homes, parks, bike lanes, tree lined narrow streets, schools and corner shopping. Yet developers and mandates from Sacramento are destroying it with higher density. Removing traffic lanes on the main streets for transit only. Putting in fast food places with drive thrus. And pushing zeroscape landscape to replace lawns, that are killing the street trees because their water source from lawn is no longer. Single family is now zoned for up to 4 separate units. It’s getting ugly here. More people, more cars, more homeless, more crimes.. its turning into Los Angeles. Its a shame. You don’t see them doing it in suburban areas like Santa Clarita, Thousand Oaks, Simi Valley or suburban wastelands built after 1970 with huge house foot prints, no sidewalks and where walking to anything is non existent. Why is that? They should really focus on the obvious elephant in the room, not a modest well designed multi zoned walkable city and proud community like Burbank. They are destroying the very thing that worked well since it’s inception.
The problem is overpopulation, but nobody wants to admit this is an economy of endless plunder to provide for endless birthing to pay upon endlessly unpayable debts of a usurious monetary system.  I don't want to live around people at all. I like peace, quiet, and solitude.
I moved out to an acreage. I will never move into a high density ant farm like the WEF wants me too. Could not think of anything worse than being jammed into a crowded city full of beanie wearing virtue signalers.
Loud, obnoxious memes every 30 seconds does not make for good content.
Unfortunately, Americans are so used to their single family homes that even if an apartment building is considered, people lose their collective minds and scream no, not in my backyard, only poor people and criminals live in apartment buildings.
"Why is it so long?!"  That's what she said.
Moral of the story: don’t be racist, don’t be a jerk, because it will come back to bite your children in the ass
Around the Huston area this is this city called the woodlands, it is one of the most sought after areas around here and its growing fast! compared to most places in Texas its very walkable. Its one of my favorite places to hang out with friends and its full of trees and its honestly just a great place to be.
So did the #tourguide get you in there? because mines is at $112 hourly wage to get me back to my suburbs home in Wisconsin USA 😒 #scary so good luck with your lifestyle choices thanks 👍🥇✌️💯
The infrastructure needed for high density living would be much different, don't you think? Subways aren't free, elevated trains are loud and lots of people who did not get covid prefer a lower density lifestyle. And, no matter how many taxes we pay, we can't get people to fix potholes. Also, the fact that you spent your time growing up doing stupid things and believing whatever MK Ultra came across your TV or through your channels of credentialism filled pablum, was voluntary. My kids had large book collections and learned how to play music. In the suburbs. Change isn't coming, and it's because lots of people don't agree with you.   Also, why do you think that people who can afford it, invariably move into low density areas to live? Maybe because it's better? Or is that "RACIST"? I think most people feel that high density population areas are ugly and depressing.   You are a dogma filled wasteland and now you've found social media and video creation. Let's all celebrate.   I think we should promote carbon emissions. It's creating a greener planet and longer growing seasons. The planet's has been much warmer, long before the industrial revolution or suburbs. We adapted. And even if you believe in anthropomorphic climate change, cold is much more dangerous to most creatures than heat.
WFH help
If you think about it, technically all milk comes from bags originally.  🤔
Australia suffers from a lot of the same issues. I live in Melbourne, within what should be walking or biking distance from a grocery store, but there are hardly any cross walks,  and bikers are forced into traffic. Having a car here is a must, and I hate it. The suburban sprawl is ridiculous too, and the city is so much bigger in area than it ever had to be. It's all just single family housing, everyone drives, and traffic is a constant noise.
Yeah let's build beehives like in Asia and live in cells
Tell me more
I hate cars and living in the US is hell. Finding the nearest public bathroom is 3 miles away and a bus ride.  American cities are not ergonomic in the slightest unless you own a 2 ton death machine.   I like walking as much as the next guy but here in burger kingdom you need a car. What if you can't afford one? Then you are squeezed out of living decently. Enjoy walking, dirty public transit, mentally ill and druggies everywhere asking for lighters and cigarettes.   I ask for  Pedestrian focused cities  Clean and plenty of public restrooms  Noise reducing asphalt for car tires  Shade in desert areas
Those old people would have to die out before significant change is realized. Hopefully sooner than later!
B)
yeah because cities are doing such a GREAT JOB.... HA. Suburbs are needed, and cities need to disassemble in mass numbers, do you yall not remember 2020?
I hate apartment living - the downstairs neighbor can break rules, smoke in his apartment and start playing bongo drums at 9:30PM.  I can't go to sleep and then the smoke rises up into my airspace and I get migraines.  The best alternate would be a townhome where you share a wall with a neighbor and hope it is sound-proofed.
What about population control? Do we all really want to live in top of each other? I mean it’s okay for a few years when you’re young but the congestion gets old. Obviously, good planning can help things run smoothly, but in this country lol. All those single family homes look like they have no yards, and no privacy looks like the new development in CO.
maybe i was lucky but my highschool and shopping plaza was right behind my house.
also there is a problem with WHAT you build there in Merica, not just HOW. Materials like foam concrete and technologies like Heat Pump and water hot floors reduce electricity consumption and CO2 emission x2-3 times. I have both of those in my house in Ukraine (war didn't got there, but it was close). Gas air heaters are dumb, building with so little insulation is dumb too.
Yea that'll fix the housing crisis stick all Americans into highrise housing projects. Because it worked so well in the 80s with the gang violence and the crack epidemic. And I love how no crime stats were discussed in the video. Cities have way more crime than the suburbs.
Nice lefty spin.  Maybe it's because suburbs are what people want.  As most folks mature, they don't want to live in duplexes right next to someone.  They want a yard, kids, a dog, maybe.  Driving isn't an issue for people who want the independence of living 'out in the burbs'.  They should do what your suggesting with all of the slums in the cities that no one wants to deal with.
Bunch of Commie-gobledee-goop, nothing like a snarky hipster yuppie
They should be able to build any type of housing in any area of the USA
Again, everything is racist!!! Actually, the only color that really counts is green!!! You know not all black people were and are poor!!!
I realy like you jacket!
this is marxist crap. the suburbs are where everyone fleeing the dying cities is moving to. working from home + democrat machines is the kiss of death of urban life. the suburbs is the ideal way to distribute people & resources. cities spawn nothing but income inequality, corruption & crime. look at history books the cities have always been slums.
All sounds like an attempt to promote dying cities everyone is leaving.  Does not take much to see LA, San Francisco, Chicago, Boston, and other liberal enclave are being depopulated and losing tax revenue. And all your getting is illegals.
Build more pool halls 😂
15:00 - milk is mostly sold in bags in Ukraine 😄😄
I love your Jacket 🌟🌟
I have no idea how this video showed up in my recommendations, but I have to say it's one of the dumbest ones I've seen on YT. Zoning laws exist because PEOPLE like control over what goes into places in which they invest a substantial portion of their life's earnings.  No one wants to build their dream home, then have some moron build a Soviet-style high rise next door.  If that's YOUR lifestyle choice there are countless big cities that will accommodate you.  And the racism rants in 2020 are a bit long in the tooth.
That first neighborhood you were in is my least favorite place in colorado. Me and my friends call it "nuketown" as we always drive past it on our way skiing.
Diverse communities are the worst bc there is no community nobody has anything in common. It’s better when everybody shares the same race religion Ect so there aren’t underclasses or people feeling like outsiders in there own town. People want to live around people they have things in common with that’s why Chinese, Jews, blacks all those have there own communities bc that were they feel comfortable. Leftist all sound the same are obsessed with race and racism and shit on there ancestors who left them the modern world. This guy is another leftist dusch who sounds exact like every other leftist dusch.
In apartments if one dirt ball family brings rats roaches bed bugs everybody gets them apartments are a bad idea. I seen this in many low income apartments. There all ifesited with pest like rats roaches and bed bugs.
People complaining about having a nice house with a nice yard outside the city. Talk about spoiled and stupid and didn’t deserve the good parents you had.
Mabey we should stop letting immigration and keep the suburbs. Apartments suck I’d rather have a house. Move if you don’t like it.
The way he stresses the kwan in tae kwon doe is the absolute worst
God damnit, that's not what a bald eagle sounds like.
I like having the space and safety that comes with my suburb compared to how it was where I used to live in the south side of Chicago. Cities are pretty convenient though. I like having options. Its nice being able to switch between city suburban rural and colonial era walkable small towns so I don't go crazy stuck in just one.
Good video but you missed some very important points, such as the psychological effects apartments and densely packed housing has on the brain development of children.  Streets, backyards, access to parks... give children places for to play, playing encourages brain development.   Russia has the types of housing you describe, and they have some of the shortest lifespans of developed nations, and some of the highest rates of alcohol abuse.
Actually population is plummeting, not expanding.
Ditch your car and get an bike or scooter. If your lazy throw a battery pack on it.
While this guy does a better job than the deceptive points of Not Just Bikes, he still makes several flaws in his analysis.  -Every youtuber that shits on burbs has to make it racial. Maybe it was at one point, but it’s irrelevant today. Have you been to the capitol of suburban sprawl: California? It’s hard to find a predominantly white suburb there and the nicest newest ones are all mixed hispanic, asian and white.   Let’s just stop with the virtue signaling and trying to bring the “eVErything Is rACist!!!” monikor into the zoning conversation, it just makes your argument look weak.  BTW fun fact: hate crime levels are exponentialky higher in the “walkable cities” than rural or suburban areas in the US today. So if you want to live in a less racist area, live in the burbs or rural areas.   -He relies on downright lies concocted by Not Just Bikes who still claims to this day suburbs are not financially sustainable. Every suburb I knew or grew up in 40 years ago is still great today. You know what is an apocalyptic hell hole though?  The cities.  Go check out the glamorous “walkable” cities of San Fran, Seattle, downtown LA, or New York.  If you can dodge the human feces and needles, and not get randomly assaulted or pushed on a subway line, then yeah I guess it’s great.  Many of those large cities BTW have legacy pension costs they will never be able to repay and are the most financially unsustainable entities in the country.  -The climate power usage argument is garbage. It has nothing to do with the housing type and everything to do with green enviro activists illogical aversion to the least carbon outputting mass electrical production method currently available right now: nuclear.  That’s a hypocritical-values problem with the Greens, not a design problem of the suburbs.  -He makes the implication, and Not Just Bikes states it, that cities are healthier. In what way?  The country has become more urbanized the last few decades and the rates of mental health problems, especially among the young, has increased substantially.  So kids get a bit more exercise walking to the store while they pop pills for depression and attempt to kill themselves at the highest rate ever.  Even as far back as the Romans and Mongols, they wrote about and realized the human soul crushing experience that occurs when too many people are packed in too tight in big cities. This a real phenomena and yet they conveniently ignore it when doing their burb-bashing.  -Not Just Bikes main go-to argument in everyone of his vids, which he also states in this one, is always the same “LOOK AT HOW THEY DO IT IN EUROPE!”  He loves to ignore the stark cultural, economic and demographic difference that might just make those places nice to live ANYWHERE in their country, vs here, and has nothing to do with zoning. I’m sure if I had free healthcare, a temperate climate, low crime, a good sense of community, and didnt have to worry about being randomly punched for a game the “urban youths” like to play because I’m asian, I would also love living in those places. BTW you can get all of that minus the free healthcare by just living in the burbs.  -This youtuber is right on the mixed use zoning though, I think its great, but its not old geriatric people preventing this, its one group of people in particular: liberals.  The NY Times did a great vid of how wealth inequality and zoning problems like the one this guy describes is always the worst in “progressive states” due to their own hypocrisy and NIMBY attitude. Worth a watch: https://youtu.be/hNDgcjVGHIw
as a person that has lived in duplexes, apartments, condos, etc for the past 15 years, what many don't realize is that a lot of these apartments or whatever you want to call them is full of drugs, crime, housing that is too small for a family to live comfortably. serious question, have you actually seen an affordable neighborhood that WASN'T filled with drugs, crime, and undesirable people?
SAVAGE yet caring. Subbed
Free lights and running water forevermore rules in freedom quest
Houses that don’t make there own power and running water kinda are behind in technology honestly! Watch my transformer fly away https://youtu.be/YycDcFEODOo
yay more problems that i have no control over to worry about!
ey (hippie) kid.. stay in canuck-land, stop worrying about US, what we built how an why, an how to build a bunch of communes like ur hippie-dippie dumbass sees as some answer. drink ur soy an ShaDD-Up. u wanna help the climate- stop breathing out. oya... Get A JOB!.
14:00 it's mostly Ontario. Western provinces have equally weird square gallon jugs. There's a specific jug to put milk in.
"bag of milk"?!  Heresy! 13:45 🤣  I only buy my milk in 50 gallon drums.
This is why i want to live in a city but it is way too expensive to live somewhere like this
I live in Tucson and I can say it's shit without a car. Milwaukee and Chicago on the other hand are way more accessible and some have never owned a car and are totally fine...
Sepia times… that’s hilarious
Here in Germany a single-family house is still given priority over an apartment. People simple don't want to be stucked together in a dense place.  When you intent using solar a small plot size is unfavorable. You can build an apartment complex, but you will need the apropriate place for solar just at a nearby field using the space only for this purpose. The same rule applies for agriculture.
This video is sarcastic, snarky, mocking.....and so verifiably correct!  Thanks for challenging all the assumptions and beliefs and practices that are taking the world over the edge of climate security.
Who the hell wants to live in a cramped high-rise, where your floor is somebody else's ceiling, with people, cars, congestion all around you, with more crime and stress? Yuck. This is the reason why those "dead white guys" created the suburbs to begin with, but you seem to have not appreciated that lesson and want to go right back into these congested sh**holes. Go right on ahead, and enjoy your apartment in the big city. I'll stick with my 3000 sq.ft. tudor estate on a cul de-sac, and I'll drive into the city only when I need to. Peace out. BTW, ALL R-1 zoning in California has been eliminated. Paradise!
Then move to Detroit, move to Chicago, move to LA. These tons of the neighborhoods you are advocating.
Very educational resource Thankyou.  The discrimination of colour and culture is so critical to American history. Even after slavery discrimination wasnt abolished in the mind of Americans.  So backwards to equality 🙄
In large Australian cities especially Sydney and Melbourne , Building high density  apartments  is happening every day in my suburb. One quarter acre property.....original home bulldozed, becomes 3 or 4 town houses 2 storey buildings. For those who can afford to by the land to develop make profits 📈  For the people living on original land size with lots of space for gardens and landscaping  It's not a positive to the environment . Construction creates noise , fencing issues, buildings can intrude on privacy , sunlight is cut off from windows and garden. Every build creates so much waste that must go somewhere.  Rather than have one neighbours family on on side of fence  There becomes 4 familys in the same space.
I'm Mexican, never been to the U.S but here we hate the crowded situation around the Mexico City Metropolitan Area, so when I see a movie settled in your country, I like that because the big yard you have on the suburbs, so u people might refuse to live in suburbs and move into Townhouses even if that makes your yards smaller?
I live in the dirty arm out of a neighborhood.  I chose this because until 2011 we were within walking distance of a book store, pet store, grocery store, Big Lots (dunno what category that is), diner, pharmacy, gardening store, etc . My kids and I could walk wherever and get stuff on my days off.  It was fun and healthy.  Then a new out door mall complex opened up 8 or 9 miles away in a rich neighborhood the businesses either moved out there or shut down. The buildings got bull dozed a few years later and now it's a national chain drug store. I miss having somewhere to walk to instead of pointless circles.
I feel like people are unfairly are latched on to hating single family homes when you can make detached homes more efficient and with mixed zoning. I want a single home but without the urban sprawl. Don't need a big yard but want a good garage for a workshop and stuff.
at about 00:35 it says we'll turn millions of acres from empty land to land that's useful for people and I don't think that at all got across the message it was trying to. You can for sure argue it should be designed better but no one will ever convince me it's better to crowd people than use empty land for something useful.
Wait, what? Bags of milk still exist? So very dumb.
The projection of population expansion should be considered cautiously
Love the info but the jokes are dumb
At first, I thought your camera iris was blown out.. Then I realized that was the whole point.  😂
America build by default
Liberals hate home ownership. Liberals hate private property and individualism. This is a very Liberal hate America mindset.
Tank yu hipster for makin of video
Ah! More urban snobbery bullshit.
Is this an American Varlamov?
Single family homes were a mistake. A fake ass non-self sustaining environment made for narcissistic bozos that want to isolate themselves from most of the community. With streets that are half walkable and further in distance between places of interest and home, than with any downtown places in comparison. In fact urban homes have more active lifestyles outside of living residences than those of separated suburban areas. Thanks to the short distance it takes to get from one place to another.   And yet many choose to live in these suburbs without realizing the damage it'll do to their kids when they grow up. Kids who have to worry about time AND money , since they have to rely more on buses and any nearby light rail to get to where they want to be. Without cars, these kids will have a harder time trying to gather an independent life. Unless of course they make a big life decision and move away from home. Which is the best way to avoid the horrible fate of suburban life.
Auto industry loves the suburbs and they run everything in the USA
In wealthy Fairfax county, Virginia, there are homeowners who fight any effort to build sidewalks or footpaths and trails near their neighborhoods.  They have all kinds of reasons, from preserving a pastoral feel (10 miles outside of the nation's capitol in a densely populated suburb in a major metropolitan region, no less), to the idea that connecting wealthy neighborhoods to less wealthy neighborhoods only encourages crime.    Brzinski, as in Micah's father and former Reagan cabinet official actually penned an op-ed in the Washington post in the mid nineties arguing against a foot path along spring hill road in great falls.  It's about two miles from tysons corner, the tenth largest "city" in the country in commercial office and retail space.  They use the same argument when discussing bringing light rail out to the suburbs.  It will allow "them" from the "inner city" to come out an go "wilding" and commit crimes in the peaceful white suburbs.
Cool, I’m all for more condos and townhomes instead of sprawl. But one thing - I currently live in an apartment in San Francisco and have found that developers are making these places shoddier, less soundproof, and landlords don’t care if you complain or leave because they can charge more rent for the next guy. So that’s awesome if we cram more people in vertically, as long as those homes are livable. Im currently finding my current situation not livable at all. I can hear all of my neighbors on all four walls and outside having conversations, walking, running, slamming cupboards, smell their cooking and their weed, and feel the shakes and vibrations from their various machines, devices, and terrible music. Because construction has gotten cheaper and shoddier, and landlords no longer hire in house managers to help figure out who in the building is making everyone else’s lives unlivable, and stopping them from those activities. No wonder, during lockdown, 80% of the people in my building left for single family homes in the suburbs.
Highly dense areas are not that cool either. Here in Bulgaria (Eastern Europe) we get lots of residential buildings ( 5-8 stories) but although efficient, the quality of life takes a beating. I personally like single-family houses and they usually fit the folks between 30-70 years old.  Maybe if you start building single-family houses, which are meant to be used for 100+ years, then you will have more sustainable housing conditions. I read that the average life of a house in the US is like 25-30 years, which is way too little.
People buy houses for 2 reasons: because they do not want to share walls with annoying loud neighbors, and because houses generally tend to increase in value over time thus making owning one an investment which they can sell down the road when they want to retire and need money.  I've lived in a townhouse since 2007 and parts of it I don't mind, but don't act like these communities are great in every way.  HOAs especially are a big goddamn head ache.  I'd take rural over suburban or urban any day of the week, quiet is nice especially after being in an ambulance 60+ hours a week.
the more of videos about the US like this I watch, the more baffled I am at how they managed to fuck up their own country so bad
USA a 1st world country that has 3rd world country culture and system .
I firmly believe that ultimately America will do the right thing, after going through all the alternatives.
1:16 yes , people do prefer low density , it's humanizing. no sane person chooses to live high density, it's proven to be unhuman. climate change is'nt a thing to worry about, and housing density is'nt going to change anything. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-AXBbuDxRY just about everything you say is just wrong.
the suburbs are what makes america great. get a clue.
Also increases exposure to pathogens, crime and noise. But hey, you do you my clearly socialist brother.
This is why I live in a townhouse in a mixed use area. And I never drive my car. Yards are for suckers and I used to have a big one. It was a pain and expensive
Total BS! People want single family homes. Cities suck, and are crime ridden sh-- holes!
Instant Subscribe!!
This is great, I mean, it’s hugely depressing but the info is really important…
Bags of milk are fucking awesome. They use much less plastic, and some are even calcium-based and biodegradable
8:58 mf
suburbs will be ok with autonomous electric cars
High density housing sucks because people are horrible. No one wants to be crammed into a building with thousands of other a-holes. I had to live in a small apartment building for a short time.  Had a neighbor with a dog that constantly barked.  When I asked her if she could please try to put a stop to it, her exact words were, "It's a dog, that's what they do."  Others also felt this was a completely reasonable response.
$4800 for a house! I fucking wish houses that sold for that much were still that cheap!
The suburbs saved generations of people’s lives from the violence of the cities
Yeah, I think most of us love the suburbs because we stay away from the crappy culture, crime infested losers that infest the urban areas. What do they all have in common? Progressive losers as their politicians.
Expensive gasoline, will take care of low density residential zoning.
It's an algorithm just like everyone makes 20 minute YouTube videos
Box milk > Bag milk > plastic carton melk
7:08 “Way to go, Duncan McDuffie, you had a perfect name—it’s goofy, it’s fun at parties, and you BLEW IT!”
Suburban zoning literally started out as a racist policy.
Everybody wants to live in a large city with needle vending machines, paying people 100k a year to scoop homeless crap from the street, homeless camping everywhere, legal shoplifting, endless regulations, lots of crime, expensive small closets that you pay 3k a month to live in, and everywhere you go is packed and crowded. But hey you can walk right?
Multi-family units in USA are not very livable. Americans in general are loud and obnoxious. 1 American is as annoying as 10 Europeans. I lived in a high-rise in China for years, my neighbors were all pleasant. I live in a SFD neighborhood in USA and can hear my neighbors blasting loud music or fighting with each other all the time.
This must be why so many people are flooding into big cities?..... Wait they are flooding out of them to low density urban areas and small towns.
Wow ur videos are great 👍👍👍👍
Not only did we destroy paradise to build all this crap, it's all ugly and dangerous AF. America is a giant trailer park Walmart parking lot. We really, really fvcked this up.
Uh….Japan was NOT “always affordable”. From the 1970s to early 90s Japan had atrocious housing costs. But, no immigration and declining birth rate finally caught up. Demographics is destiny, not zoning.
I knew an urban family with 2 kids, but one parent had dementia and they had to assist them. Only suburban houses have the right size for multi-generational living. If you,could get a reasonable 4-5 BR unit in an urban, walkable area, well, those units were all over $1million. Yet $500k suburban.
Taller buildings aren't the answer unless you want NY from coast to coast. The walkable planned communities are much better.
I don't know about you but I felt a little attacked 😂 I love books 😂
17:07 nimby,s say that phrase  like it's a quote  from  the Bible
6:46 so he's the one that fucked  everything  up
I find it funny the channels like this cater to only one part of the population mostly on the left side of the aisle. I'm a hard core conservative who in joys this kind of contant, even with the over handed way you present your argument. Ask yourself why a hard core conservative injoys this contant then maybe you can reach out to both sides. good luck
Yeah Suburbs suck, it's one of the big reasons why I could never see myself living in the US. Don't get me wrong if you're in a very rural part of the country such as Montana or even Maine it makes sense to have suburbs because of how rural it is, but for the majority of cities it makes no sense. Cities should only have maybe 10 percent suburbs and the rest should be apartments and town houses, especially town houses because I would argue that townhouses are a million times more appealing than a suburban house. But of course no political wants to talk about it or change it because you have the motor industry the infrastructure the unions and how schools get founded
maybe the solution in a world, where population that is destined to peak quite soon, that becomes more automated is ask why America will increase by 100 million.  That's the real issue, those people won't increase the prosperity of America, it will be in the long term be a disadvantage. Maybe America needs to seriously look at it's immigration policy that isn't fit for purpose. You can't be pro Environment and pro adding 100 million people, the problems with the Environment are  a direct result of population
Commieblocks make a ton of sense because if you look at the classic home of commieblocks, Russia, there's tons of semi-wild area around them for that great Russian hobby, mushroom hunting as well as other activities. Also the Commies encouraged tons of different hobby, sport, and interest groups. The closest thing to commieblocks in the US might be the classic trailer park, as they had things like a clubhouse and sometimes even a pool. It was expected that people would want to get together and hang out and be .... social ...   Yeah a front yard and a back yard and side yards and a palatial patio and tons of trees and a sandbox and a tree house and space for like 8 bikes and 2 cars and a huge library are nice .... I know, I grew up with them. But if I'm struggling and who isn't these days, give me an inexpensive, safe, cozy little commieblock apartment every time.
We should be talking about population reduction instead of about creating an ever expanding sea of concrete jungles.  Europe V2.0 ?  Been there. No thanks.
Same thing in Australia. My partner and I are living in Europe got rid of the truck and replaced it with walking, trams and a bicycle. No intention of owning a car again because its not worth it. People are fitter here for it and theres more interesting stuff going on at arms length. If we stayed in Australia, which like Canada or New Zealand, the housing prices are going to the stratosphere we'd be renting far out of the burbs or if we bought something it'd be way further out of town with a 1 hour + commute, plus the necessity of owning 2 cars.
It is also the swimming pools green lawns and golf courses
Note that also in the NL in many places people consider the densely packed places a transitionary state for student and young professional. After that when starting a family they move to the suburbs (queue discussion about home ownership and house prices in NL here) , though usually in a duplex form, not standalone (twee onder een kap, literally two under one hood (=roof)). In some bigger cities like A'dam that is a bit less pronounced, but still.
Ah the American Suburb, ruining farmland for the sake of allowing big fat Americans to build big fat McMansions to escape their rat hole cities. If you want to move to the country, live in the country and bring something of value.  Not houses full of Chinese manufactured flavor of the month decor.  Waste.
Detracting from the character of a neighbourhood is probably a good thing when the neighbourhood is the housing equivalent of hell
A BAG OF MILK... DON'T CRY OVER SPILLED MILK
Don't blame me, I voted Libertarian.
Stop immigration.  Stop paying single mothers to have multiple kids out of wedlock.  That will slow the population down.  If you like dense living, go to Japan, China, and multiple areas in the rest of the world.  Better yet, develop your own highly dense communities instead of complaining about it.  Oh wait, you're poor so you can't. .Don't tell me where I can live.  This is AMERICA!
I'm included in this, but Americans are lazy. They don't like to walk. I live in the Suburbs, and I love it. Americans also love to complain about everything. They say "Cars are too expensive"....They say "Gas is too expensive", when the great majority of people in the world would love to "only" pay $5 a gallon. Where I live, I'm right on the edge of the built up suburbs.....Everything East, is built up. To the West, I'm got miles of open Forst Preserve. That's why I bought my house, where it is.
Well to each thier own but I'd rather be dead then live in a City again. Country town is the best place to live.
If the resources could support it in the Southwest, I would be more for less zoning restrictions.  As it be, the states that depend on the Colorado River, aquifers, and other bodies of fresh water near by are going to start to suffer in the coming years due to the lack of water (prices will only go up).  If they could get off their lazy asses and start thinking smarter and investing in vertical farming towers (mainly in cities right now, re-uses water to water plants, also prevents evaporation over the spread of farm land and water waste) and atmospheric water generators (that pulls water from the air, it's like collecting condensation water that builds up and then filtering it) then we may not be so fucked in the Southwest.    Only problem is if these were invented to sell to people for individual sale to put in your own home it would take away from the need to PAY for water and taxes, and we all know who hate's that sort of freedom...  In other regards where other states have these sorts of zoning restrictions with out a really good reason except to hinder population, fuck them.
Unfortunately I don’t think this problem is easy to address at all.  I have seen plenty of more vertical developments with mixed zoning for business, and they’re generally soul crushing too.  And as much as people like to vilify past zoning racism, most of the time they’re the same people who won’t live near less desirable races.  This includes black people with money.    And there’s the elephant in the room that poor people don’t improve the areas they are subsidized into.
I have news for you.  We don't have a population expanding problem.  We are quickly approaching a population shrinking problem.  The latter is far worse  than the former.
I love how this video roasts lots of the bad characteristics of America. Nimby’s would hate this video. I’d recommend it to some of the nimby’s in my neighborhood who got my city to not plant wild flowers in a large field because they didn’t like people parking across the street in front of their house.
Houses, in the US today, are built for show and flow. The buyer is drawn in by the appearance and mod-cons. Once they move in, their money continues to flow as they're constantly drained with utility and maintenance expenditures.
people don't want to be shoved into sardine houses surrounded by dilapidated deteriorating city dystopias. Make high density housing pleasant and give us low crime rates or the suburb boom will continue. Its just that simple. Americans would be happy to live in Japanese style high density apts if we can also have the Japanese crime rate, Japanese quality schools, and Japanese cleanliness. Americans are moving out of cities because American cities are garbage. Blaming Americans for wanting nice things isn't going to accomplish anything.
Then there are those of us, that don't want to live in your hives. I'm fine with single family house thanks
Lol climate change is a myth of the fools. Man cannot change the climate unless they spray chemicals in the sky. Opps THEY DO but that’s ok to you fools. Sorry but fools is as kind as I can be with the stupidity of global warming myths.
There are so many things that aren't being considered in these discussions, and it's so complex...it's a problem in far more ways than most would expect. And not just in regards to suburbs.
Anyone else sick of hearing how everything is racist???
ya sorry I don't want to live in a box and crap city with lunatics everywhere
About 15 years or so ago Austin, TX replaced Mueller Airport with mixed use development.  The housing sold for top dollar and the retail attracted major stores.  Seems like the developers would be pushing it more everywhere, as it's a proven moneymaker.  Obviously what people want.
I think the point of the suburbs are to get away from the city. I enjoy the privacy and lack of congestion in my little town. I definititely wouldn't want a bunch of apartments built across the street....
The Earth is cooler w the atmos/GHGs/albedo not warmer. To perform as advertised the GHGs require "extra" energy upwelling from the surface radiating as a black body. The kinetic heat transfer processes of the contiguous atmos molecules render that scenario impossible. No greenhouse effect, no GHG heating, no man/CO2 driven climate change or Gorebal warming.
One big issue with all these high density options: noise control.  Will you enjoy living next to a Subwoofer loving whoever, or a bang-bang-thank-you night lover, or the Bickersons yelling at 2 AM?  I've lived with all those scenarios in high density housing (my former townhouse had better than average noise insulation which still failed to do the job) = was utter hell.  One crumb of comfort: laminated double pane windows can reduce some outdoor noise.
A bag of milk, mixed juice neighborhood?
I'm not living in a city or anything with high rise housing. I'm also not living in the burbs.
What if you owned a house in a nice area near the beach and people wanted to build in every spot they could to crowd the area reducing your quality of life and increasing crime.
This makes so much sense why I feel so out of place in suburbs it’s like almost anti people of color.
No thanks to high density housing. I will keep my single family house in the burbs I have all to my self. I got a gas guzzler pickup too. I hope home values go up pricing the browns and undesirables away. I’m a big believer of pricing people out of things.
Yeah, stack and pack them like China.
Yes. yes, living in violent, overpopulated cities s**thole cities is so much better. Go for it. You won't last thirty minutes on the southside of Chicago.
LOL  It's almost always urban folks fully comfortable with tiny apartments that go after the evil suburbs.  I guess we could be follow Russia or China's example and cram everyone into small apartments in gigantic building "blocks".   At least that would help the environment.
That leather jacket is fire
Don’t you just love cynicism? Is there anything more conducive to improving the quality of everyone’s life?
Wow, 3 lies in the first minute.  Impressive propaganda.  Now, who funds this channel?  Oh...wait...people seeking to transfer billions of dollars of working class money into the hands of billionaires.  Weird how the "left" is really nothing more than greasy grifters.
Excellent video, thank you!!  👏👏👏👏
bulldoze the suburbs and create food production
I heard this. It's unbelievable but true!!
You brought out some good points and I loved Halk Hogan's imput.
Suburbs in america have a very dark past because of red lining. Its no surprise they are bleeding us dry. This, highways and few other things are a bad reminders of the extreme lengths people in the past would go to seperate themselves from a world they helped create.
Yeah I don't want to live near people
Most interesting.  Also, I had no idea Hulk Hogan was so on the edge of sanity.
First, I'd like to point out there is nothing wrong with high rise development, 20-50 floor buildings really can maximize the viability of rail and walkability, in fact, townhomes may be inferior to them in that regard. The more density the more viable your rail options will be and the closer people will be to the things they need because you have more population in walking distance to support businesses. Europe isnt necessarily the best since some European cities actually have height restrictions, but if you want to maximize walkability you want unlimited density. Another thing is high rises can be better than townhomes because you have a view. Townhomes can actually have a more boxed in feel than being 30 floors up with a view you have an absolutely spacious feeling. The 50 floor buildings also can open up more room for greenspaces and parks which is really what increases the habitability. So you want 50+ floor buildings and then you want to use the saved space to put in parks and gardens with waterfalls etc.   Very interesting video. One of the things that also may promote R1 is ad valorem (property) taxes in the twisted logic of city and county governments. This is because that single family homes means what a single family owns has more value than if they lived in a high rise apartment building. That increases the amount of per capita taxable income. Thats why they might love the massive single family mcmansions. This holds until the county or city is completely paved over. An alternative is to not have property taxes on homestead and instead use income taxes, and also possibly creating municipalities as fixed sized blocks over existing urbanized areas. Those municipalities since they cannot annex and only have a fixed amount of land they likely instead will opt for high density to maximiize theiir tax bases.   Another tool is minimum density  and unlimited density areas that are required to be expanded acording to housing demand studies which essentially forces enough housing to be built and to be built high density.   Another tool is Urban Growth Boundaries that can work with the above and abolishing the R1 and allowing demand mandated unlimited density and minimum density zones which stops urban sprawls and forces residential development up, rther than out.
None of this shit is changing, life is so depressing. Vegas is a nightmare. I live an hour walk away from the closest grocery store with no sidewalks. I hate driving and its expensive. Really tempting to move somewhere else. America is an actual nightmare.
The world economic forum agrees with you. I should probably just live in a small box never have children and share everything down to a spatula with everyone in my city. I mean that's their plan for us not them. They still want yachts and mansions. But that's because they care. Glad you can help them achieve their goals.
The script, the editing, the presentation is  all literally nuts. Great video.
This is a liberal talking point. The principle of an American citizen being able to own his/her home and land, is a principle we should all be proud and blessed to have.
This is so helpful in giving me language around why I hate the suburbs. Particularly the suburbs of Colorado, although, I'm sure it's same in a lot of places.
It's all coming 2 an end anyway so just enjoy your life until it ends!!😇👍🏿😊 Read Revelations..... that's in the Bible...DUH!😅
What are you a dutch!   Get this urbanization renting propaganda out of here pal
STOP knocking the WITNESS PROTECTION PROGRAM if the houses don't all the look the same it won't work. They send people placed in the Witness Protection Program to live in places that look like THE TRUMAN SHOW. Americans call this "freedom".
I don't disagree with any points made here but God NJB needs to stop cherry picking and/or follow something he saw on the internet/ saw once during his trip to XXX... Japan, the country that went into recession due to a housing bubble is not exactly your best example here surely? Even the Chinese are basically trying everything that Japan didn't do so the housing situation doesn't end up like Japan. Like have he watched any Japanese TV shows and not the stuff Youtubers make to impress non-Japanese people? They don't even have a word for afforable housing, the closest term is ローコスト住宅 (low cost housing) and if you pop ローコスト住宅 into google the 5 out of the 10 top results are bascially how someone got f-ed over by low cost housing and why to never go for it.
Suburbs are killing the planet. And killing souls, community, and friendliness at the same time.
non union shit houses! Crony capitalism! Just one of the reasons 1% own 90% of everything!
Super informative and super funny too. Great content!
America might also drop to 250 million if mismanaged as it currently is.
I'm just here for a bag of milk. Brother.
Why people moved to these suburbs? What was the driving force?        Its not like the cities are full of criminals on welfare that want to kill you, nope.
I can even see this in my own city, my city allowing developers to start building these massive 300 thousand dollar single family ranch homes that nobody is buying or has bought for the last 10 years when most in this and most of who would move to this city cannot afford a house like that especially in a neighborhood only connected by highway to the rest of the city (no sidewalk). I’ve always thought the easiest to digest solution for housing would be a mixture of mixed use apartment buildings (like those seen in cities like chicago) and urban single family housing (like the narrow lot homes seen in the Bridgeport neighborhood of chicago)  and replacing the numerous parking lot deserts seen in city’s like Longview Washington with one or two parking garages, just adding floors would save so much flat space that people could use to build more housing or businesses but nope gotta cross the parking lot desert to go to another shop instead of you live in a place like that.
Looks like Colorado
I wish I can be in the suburbs.  The inner city isn’t pleasant.  Everyday you have to deal with gun violence, druggies, homeless, defecation
we've tried to do townhouses, duplex and other high density rezoning in the center of the city i live in and it's led to a lot of people still moving to the suburbs. The reason? the high density housing is still way too expensive and people want space for an affordable price, especially after the pandemic so they moved out to the suburbs.
Just for the record, America isn't anywhere NEAR the "freest" nation in the world.
Democrats hate the suburbs, where Republicans live
But is Belmar affordable?
You are also very funny, Rollie.
I live in a incredibly rare area of my city in Alberta where there is a mall and a few convenience stores relatively close to my apartment, and not only that, it seems that in our neighbourhood  there are 3 full grown tree for every three houses, plus a park with safe biking lanes. Honestly, I had no idea how rare this type of neighbourhood was, and I’ve never felt more grateful - although, I still rather live in a place like Amsterdam instead of a city where driving a car seems to be the only way to get anywhere except for that mall and handful of convenience stores :/
We must start building underground, houses, roads, supermarkets, etc., this would take care of heating or cooling energy costs and let nature reclaim those spaces.  We could keep open spaces on the surface to have dinner or parks insulated from the outside world, which would turn green and full of animal life and insects.
Hulk Hogan cameos😭
Subdivision I grew up in had a mile long Nature Trail so that was always nice to be able to walk around in. The problem in America is that nothing is ever made to be the best it can be...it's always a bid for the lowest bidder to do the worst at the lowest quality while politicians pocket the money that should have went into building the city, expanding it, renovating it.....Corruption basically.  European cities just seem so much more well designed for helping people get to as many places as quickly as possible while walking.
1). Living in a huge building is not fun (you can go ahead an move in the stinky and noisy city). 2) You guys in suburbs don't read news - America's population is shrinking big time (100 mil. - good luck with that - even China is shtinking). 3) what happens if you live in a nice house with a back yard and sudenly you wake up one mrning with a high rise building casting shadow half of the day on you.
Honestly love your channel so much, I only recently opened my eyes to all of this and used to be a die hard car person even. The kind that sat in Lowes parking lots watching mustangs hit people. Not anymore though. My fiance and I even changed our plan and are renting in a four story apartment building instead of purchasing a home.
All this talk of Climate change is turning people into pussies. If you like Europe so much hop on a plane and move there.
Here in Ukraine, we have right the opposite problem — developers try to build as much more high and ugly 30 floors condos with tiny little apartments, huge parking lot and without any green zone or mass transit.  Just tall American Suburbs.   And no, near those building you can't find mix-zoning, so you need to commute in city-center for work, shopping or a park.
So easy for someone who has experienced the relative affluence of the suburbs to mock it, and of course, call it racist. The 500k illegals crossing the border starting this month would love to live there -- and probably will, on the taxpayer's dime.
One thing we don't really acknowledge is that people want this.
I really can't believe Americans live like that... all my life I lived in a small town but even in big cities with more business oriented and residential areas all places have stores and small supermarkets a few blocks away
Mass immigration is brought to you by crooked politicans, developers and cheap labor advocates. Pushing cheap and cookie cutter housing for $
I agree with your message and I LOVE your editing and jokes
I think money laundering my have a bit to do with half assed city planning and half built suburbs
We gotta be smarter about how we do housing and we GOTTA BE SMARTER ABOUT CONTROLLING OUR POPULATION!!  That is the EASY SOLUTION we should be dreaming about. Even rabbits would destroy the earth and eat up all the land if their population wasn't controlled which is what is happening in Europe and Japan and all other progressive peoples.
None of this is supported by climate science.
Im a professional municipal water engineer and I will state unequivocally that the rampant fear porn over domestic water demand is misplaced.  There is lots of water in the pacific ocean and all the technology needed to desalinate and get it where it’s needed without ruining the globe.  Water has been used for political purposes over many thousands of years and today is no exception.
This is all very good.   But we should also think about limiting population growth.   Why on earth we need 100 million more Americans in the future?   We just don’t need them.   We are fine with the current population size.   Say no to more people in the US!
I live in houston:(
wait....you agreed that culs-de-sac is plural of cul-de-sac, but highlighted cul-de-sacs?
This is an interesting take in a post-covid world. I guess the thought experiment is: which calamity is more likely to doom humanity - a highly contagious virus that kills 25%+ of the population versus global warming due to sprawl. Me personally a little scared about high density. I think humans would still figure out how to increase their energy usage to offset the savings from the de-sprawl. Maybe web3.0 will burn down a tree for each Blockchain block minted, everytime you make a Google search
You're such a good little Great Reset minion.  Push everyone into the cities and then starve them or have them shoot each other.  Klaus Schwab would be proud.
you do realize CO 2 emission is not the only problen right
no the problem of suburbs was not created by discrimination ... it was made possible by cheap car available ...
Not to bust your bubble but the population will not increase by 100 million unless of course by immigration alone. The birthrate is barely over the threshold and is expected to be upside down soon so the global population is going to decrease not increase
Single family detached homes are a product provided by banks to profit from the extortion of farmers which ends with the farmer losing their land. Suddenly, BAM. Subdivisions spring up which earn the banksters huge profits in interest from loans they also provide. Not hard to understand at all. The resources required to feed suburban life is delivered to your door by other supranational monopolistic corporations. It's a system devised by the globalists to blame us for carbon accumulation, and tax us for it. Massive profits are made with this formula, and that's why it's so popular. It works for them.
You guys really don’t need to denigrate others to make yourselves look good. Some don’t like living in high rises packed together like sardines in a can.  Why can’t we just live like we want to within reason? SMH
I used to live in Denver and Belmar was always an area that stuck out to me, I can't believe how the pricing of houses near it have jumped - the market has spoken!   I live in Austin now and the Domain is pretty much the same thing
You didn't tell anyone the downside of mixed use neighborhoods.  Noisy neighbors and crime are two of the biggest.
Sounds like a mouthpiece for "Green New Deal" socialist/Communist. He should do some real research on whats really going on in these Communist control countries.
Ah yes the "they were racist so every single idea they ever had was evil" argument. I'm guessing you're a fan of Planned Parenthood so why don't you apply that idea to them? They were founded with the idea of "Black people are stupid and worthless so how can we get less of them? Free birth control and abortions!" Or look into the history of the party I'm guessing you support, the Democrats who were the party of the KKK and Jim Crow. You people utterly disgust me. It's not that I even disagree with everything you want, it's the fact that you change the rules every time the wind blows, you lie constantly and you're about as hypocritical as they come. Slipping in the "psssst, hey some of those people were rich racists" is such an ugly tactic to make what you say in the video more acceptable. "Oh well I don't like racists so what this guy says must be true." Nothing about this subject has anything to do with race.  As far as "suburbs suck" goes I think you're totally wrong. Maybe you're ok living ass to elbow with everyone but I'm not. Humans aren't insects. We're not meant to live in these high rise hives. We like having a little space. You wanna raise your kid in an apartment complex go ahead, but I'd rather mine have a yard to play in. Not to mention most of us have pets and it's cruel to keep them in these little human boxes. Dogs especially. A couple of walks a day isn't enough. They're much happier with an acre or three to run around on. Cats too. We have a stray cat problem in my neighborhood so we've adopted seven cats that were abandoned by their owners and they love to find a spot on the deck or in the back yard to lounge around in the sun. They never get "the crazies" because we allow them to go out and in as they please, so they never feel cooped up and understimulated. As a kid growing up in the suburbs it was great (well save for the abuse I suffered as a child but this comment isn't about that). I remember shooting fireworks, trick or treating, playing outside with neighborhood kids, riding bikes, the whole thing. You think placing a child in a densely populated urban area is better for them? Why? Because they can buy things faster? If I lived downtown I wouldn't allow my 10 year old to wander around because traffic is much heavier and with more people comes more danger.   So yo wrap this up you could make everyone in America dissapear today and it wouldn't change much as far as "carbon emmisions" go, and no, the science isn't settled. CO2 is not a pollutant. Our effect on the climate is minimal if we effect it at all. Trash is an issue for sure, but not CO2 emissions. Look I don't really care what our population growth is going to be and I don't really care who moves here with a very few exceptions, but I assume you're on the left so if you're so concerned about population growth then shut the border down and stop all immigration. All of it. I don't care if they're from Zimbabwe or France, if you want less population growth stop letting people in. Again, I don't really care one way or the other, but you say population growth is such an issue but then you want to import the third world here. They have alot more kids than people that are already here, so pick a damn problem you want to fix because those two are working against each other. Again, immigration is fine with me, but I'm not concerned with population growth. You are.   Oh and I'm not a Republican, conservative, right wing, a Trump voter, or any of that other stuff you likely think I am. Damn sure not privelidged either. Yeah I grew up in the suburbs but if we want to play the "who had it worst growing up" game I'd wager mine is much worst than just about anyones, and my adulthood has been hit after hit too, but I still realize how great this place is and I don't buy the propaganda that's pushed on the tv and social media (no I don't watch Alex Jones or Tucker Carlson either, I just know bullshit when I see it).
so glad you addressed the bag of milk
Considering energy losses from the roof and floor are also worth while. Might want to check how stackable your milk containers are most need an additional carrier structure anyway and the total waste and east of disposal should also be considered. Also the bag pitchers can have other handy uses.
So funny!! What better way to finally turn Villa Italia into something enjoy! Off to get a bag of milk
We have a mixed use about 15 minute drive from where we live and it's nice. I wouldn't want to live in it, but it's a slick area to go to.   My biggest pushback I would give is that there is no value for me in paying someone rent my whole life living in a high density area. Owning one of these single family homes is the best way to build wealth and eventually, when you own it outright, it's just property tax which is much less subject to the whims of landlords.   I might be interested, however, in the encouragement of multi generational housing, where you have 2-3 generations in one house. While also gaining most of the benefits of a single family home.
Love my single family home!!! Screw having connected neighbors!
Single family homes are awesome!  We are facing housing inflation on an unprecedented level.  We need to build miles and miles of new Levittowns to bring the cost of homes down.
American suburbs are literally hell on Earth. I would rather die than live in one.
"Cul de sac" means "arse of the bag".  They actually don't use that term for a type of street in France.
All my homies hate suburbs
No thanks. I don't want an apartment building across the street from me.
This ages better the more gas prices grow
Well I love my suburban house!!! Kiss my ass!!
there's something special about Living in a nice home in the suburb instead of in a tiny apartment in the middle of town. sure living in a big city may be fun if you love to walk around and don't have to stay at home much. but for those who want to cook at home, buy in bulk and really enjoy the home, the house feels much better. honestly i feel eating out, walking around the big city, etc is the biggest waste of my time and money.
I grew up in eastern Europe and I've been dreaming about one day living in one of those American suburbs since I can remember myself. This dream has been the main driving force for everything I've done and I'm still doing. I understand the negatives of those type of suburbs but I still prefer them over a neighborhood of just plain block buildings.  You are surrounded by more people and you might have grocery stores within a walking distance but there is something about the quiet American suburb that you can't find anywhere else and you have no idea how much more depressed I get each day I wake up older and I'm still not there...  I envy you for the childhood you've had, I soo wish I lived there and I'm still using that dream as main motivational force to wake up every morning.
Bagged milk is the climate change solution of milk containment
Yup
this was the reason i left the suburbs. as someone with driving anxiety, i hate the idea of being in charge of fast moving death machine surrounded by other fast moving death machines, some who have anger issues and really shouldn't be on a road at all. going through all that just to get to a grocery store 20 minutes away is a stupid concept. every place in america that i visited that had walkable spaces to shop, eat, and just exist were the best places ive been to. still though, a lot of these places are only accessible by car, and because of the incompatibility, parking spaces are severely limited and you are forced to park in residential areas, as well as walk near busy roads. idk how anyone doesn't have anxiety trying to squeeze their car like a sardine in a can, let alone someone with actual driving anxiety.
Bag of Milk, It is called you pour it in a milk pitcher and then the bag doesn't take up much space at all.  And it's easier to ship.
All these videos I found about horrible American housing and suburbs I hope this means we will get  new walkable towns. I really want to leave NYC but I don't drive and I don't like houses, so I'm stuck in NYC.?
Why do you have to be so damn hot?
what shocks me is that the Netherlands was actually a carcentric culture in the 70s. It's ended up how it is today because people demanded democratically to end the high amount of vehicle and pedestrian accidents
getting rid of zoning fascism is democratic
My city is actually getting pretty progressive, in that a lot of new development is mixed use, high density. (All the old codgers hate it.) My home is in an odd high density townhome/condo/ multi-family unit neighborhood surrounded by detached single-family homes. We were built in late 60s/early 70s, right where the city ends and open space begins. (I'm in Albuquerque, NM.) Edit: 13:51 "... buying a bag of milk."  ..... ..... ..... Bag of milk?
I dont want to live near homeless bums, drug addicts, or poor people... the burbs are a solution to that.
Climate Change is just one big lie!!In 20 years the global temperature hasnt rissen a bit!CO 2 has only a warming effect up to a surten point.That point we have passed years ago.After that amount of CO 2 in the air will CO 2 no longer warm the planet!But will greening the planet,because its very healthy for plants!And that will cool the planet...
In Canada, you will find milk in bags in Ontario because of some regulations. I find it nearly impossible to recycle bags and don't agree with the argument that bags are greener.
You put the bag in your own container. It cuts down on packaging.
I knew those houses looked familiar
living in a car is the american dream
I think in germany we found kind of a working mixture. There are a lot of single family homes suburbs too, but they aren´t so huge that walking somwhere would take ages. The village where i live went from arround 3000 inhabitants in the 50s to more than 14.000 today. It vastly spread in all directions arround the historic parts of the village, but the planers hat in mind they didn´t want to create a suburb desert. So in the early 70s, they kind of built a little subcenter outside the villlage with stores and high rise buildings, and stated with multi family homes and classical single family suburbs arround the old village and the new subcenter in the late 70s and 80s. So the two parts got connected with suburbs. And even the people living in the outermost suburbs, aren´t too far away from either the historic center or the new subcenter. There is even one side still open, the suburbs don´t fully circle the centers, but on one side, there is still farmland basically in the middle of the village. But there are plans to built something until 2030. Some say multi family homes are needed, others say thhere is still demand for more single family homes, others want buisnesses to be built there and say that the spot in the middle between old and new suburb would be ideal. From my home in the suburb it is about 1 km walking distance to there, and i like the idea of buisenesses the most. Would be really cool to have a Subway or Domino´s Pizza restaurant so close by, or a Billiards Bar.
Europe here. You cant afford to live in the nice part of the walkable city. You must take 1 or 2 means of public transport to reach it. The "walkable city" is a lie. Also we have less murders yes but your murders were drug dealers killing each other. In our neighborhoods 10% of homes are given to people who refuse to work, paid for by you. Your neighbor is the same type of person that would engage in drug violence in the US. He doesnt do it in Europe because he won. You bought him a house with your very VERY high income tax. Europe is a SHAM. We are changing everything to have the worst of Europe and the worst of the US. Just like you are doing too.
This is a very well researched and very well made video. Kudos. However, I have some criticisms. I'm a home builder and have been in both residential and commercial construction for about 3 decades and while I'm not an expert on zoning and planning, it is very complex and difficult to get right. Single Family Residences are extremely resource inefficient and, generally speaking, higher density housing is preferable. But it is way more complicated than just changing the zoning laws to allow more types of housing in the suburbs. I think it can roughly be described as driving from one's home versus walking or biking from one's home. Sure, most like the idea of living in a "walkable" neighborhood but it is drastically more difficult for these neighborhoods to be created.   Let's say that a mixed use development with 5 story apartment buildings is ideal for housing efficiency. Building the apartments is the easiest part. Selling them is the extremely difficult part. For a person or a family to invest in a residence in a mixed use development they must be confident in the surrounding services being there so that they don't have to get in their car and drive to them. The developer of a mixed use neighborhood has to get the right balance of housing and services. They need to provide emergency services like police and fire and medical. They need to make sure there are the right mixes of elementary, middle and high schools. They need to provide the right amount of shopping options and somehow provide competitive forces to keep prices affordable and ensure quality customer service. They need to ensure that there are restaurants and entertainment options for the residents. And how do you ensure that the restaurants are any good, or that there is enough diversity? A nice condo or townhome could be built but no one will buy it because the schools are too far away, there is no grocery store within walking distance and the few restaurants in the neighborhood are really just bars and aren't family friendly. And there needs to be high paying jobs that people can walk to. The jobs are probably the biggest difficulty because it is nearly impossible to get the housing, schooling, shopping, entertainment and employment mix all balanced to where people don't need to travel in and out of the neighborhood.   There are also the infrastructure challenges. Placing a dense housing development out in the suburbs requires different roads, electricity, water, gas and sewer designs compared to less dense housing.  So yes, the suburban zoning approach of single family residences is the easiest and safest path; not necessarily the best one. But planning and building the best one is extremely difficult and extremely risky. I challenge anyone to provide some examples of high density neighborhoods that are affordable, have good schools, have diverse employers, and have good shopping, restaurants and entertainment within walking distance. Oh, and have parks and trails and connections to the outdoors. It is very difficult and very, very rare (if it exists at all).   I think higher density housing should be encouraged but it probably works best within the current suburban landscape. Zoning should set aside more land for apartments, condos and townhomes and cluster them around the planned commercial areas and plan for some good linkage between them. Trying to do a lot of mixed use developments will probably lead to a lot of failures because they are very difficult to do well.
I'm trying to learn more about what my city is up to and how I can get more information. There are some helpful things, mainly my county website but it has its ... limitations.   My city's website will post general information regarding what the current projects are, but not the details of that project (fund allocation & feature-locations [only project affected area]). Nor does it post proposed projects. Up coming projects it will but that is in a completely separate section ~ specific to the type of project it is. Perhaps detailed info is not in public domain until they build it?  Additionally, city counsel meetings seem like a /cluster-nugget/. Seemingly random topics from people that pander so-hard and everyone speaks so slow! It's grueling. Rarely is there any public audience at all. They occasionally have a period ware they call for resident input (three meetings watched and only one man spoke up -- literally advocated that the police /completely/ wash up all visible blood off streets after a fatality so the children won't see it on the way to school).  I've recently resurrected my twitter account to watch local news feeds for the rare moment city planning projects are mentioned ~ skipping past all the homicide, car crash, and other related garbage I get through twitter.
"America is a system where the easy decision and the right decision are not the same" is a good way to summarize most of American history it seems.
If you zone out the "diversity" more of us could tolerate high density. The last time government got involved we wound up with"the projects"
Having to use race baiting to make your point means its not a good one.
Ohhh the pooooor builders can't make even more profit by building dense slums. I feel made for them 😂😂😂.
its no coincidence that drug use and general delinquency is so high in the suburbs
dude people need space f off
Wait are you people complaining about space? Little bit of privacy???  I hate apartments...hearing people flush their toilets ..kids running overhead....nothing better than having ur own lawn with a tree or two
Another angsty video about normalcy. Oh yeah, this is the worst, anyone who does this is a planet murderer, how can anybody live like this. Ask 90% of this audience where do you live?   Well that's not important!  That has no bearing!  Easily substitute this for: Private automobiles      Specifically gasoline ones. Grocery stores  Public schools University TV watching Fast fashion Plastic packaging Fast food Political parties....
Amazing video, sensational editing, and quality content. I'm new to this topic and was brought over from the NotJustBikes page and I love how both channels are able to relay information in a way that I (someone with 0 city planning or road infrastructure experience or background) can understand. I'm feeling inspired to raise these issues in my city and hopefully work towards a walkable, lower emission, beautiful future.
Engagement!
"You will live in pod, eat bug, own nothing and be happy"
Our little city is increasing density and it has caused our downtown core to come to life!
Lol... I know a lot of people that grocery shop twice a year because it's a 5 hour round trip to the nearest grocery stores. Not a single one of them would ever trade it to live in or near a city.
Montreal and Vancouver are very walkable cities. Idk where this idea that Canada and Australia are some suburban dystopia where ppl only drive cars comes from. Obviously it’s not Japan or Holland but they’re somewhere in between US and UK
WAIT...wait, wait, ... wait. Japan has famous City planning?! You mean where the price of land for Tokyo was more than all the US combined? Where they have mortgages that are designed to be paid off by the grandkids? The one with hotels that have rooms the size of a large coffin? Or apartments smaller than my garage?
Don’t forget that street cars were for wealthy suburbs. A street car cost $1.00 which was what a man’s daily wages was in 1908.
11:15 Clearly he's not right
America is mostly empty land. When was the last time a new city was formed???  Your major Cities are in decline for a reason. Detroit was once the "Silicon Valley" of America.  Compare NYC subways to Russia's underground Metro https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moscow_Metro America has no understanding of respect, pride or civic duty.  Bicycles from the "Suburbs" solve every complaint yet American's are too fat and lazy to ride 40 minutes to get their "Fast Food"  America is a Nation of spoiled arrogant children. Climate Change is not a threat to America. Uneducated mass hysteria is your number one problem. Believing in systemic racism in the most diverse Nation on Earth proves my point!
15:20 this is the funniest editing joke I've ever seen, bravo
Ironically getting this video suggested to me on the same day I find out the 6 acres in my neighborhood (owned by an investment group) is trying to change the zoning so they can build an apartment complex. I'll be going to the council meeting next week to advocate against it...
LOL not the bag of milk 😂
I don't know. There are plenty of people who suffer from the "city life" and would rather live in a detached house here in Europe. Not saying we should adopt these bizarre zoning practices from US, just please don't promote the delights of tight living in a city.
Out of +10.000 vidoes this is the best I have seen the last 5 years - Amazing humor!
#NBAPlayoffs
I like how you quickly slipped in buying a bag a milk as something normal to do lol. Boxes ftw
Well doen, fun editing. I hate this kind of housing. No shops / bicycles are hard to use. Would not want to live there, with only a car. Futurewise not the route to take. Love to ;ive here in Holland, next to a forest / dunes / sea. Shops were we live and next shop only 1 km away. And citycentre about 2 km away. No need for cars.
it's funny because the guy who created malls, Victor Gruen, didn't want them to just be shopping hubs. He wanted them to be places of community, with shops, homes, schools, doctor offices. What happened to Belmar is probably closer to what he had envisioned
10:35 Correction: five sides!
Well, I just don't like to have a home to close to some one else. I think most people feel the same. I think we need a middle point where people can choose to move to locations like your idea. But personally, I'd rather live in a modest home in a quite neighborhood about 10 miles outside of town.
The fact those suburbs don’t have pubs is wild to me
Never in my life have I seen a bag of milk….
Those ticky tacky cookie cutter subdivisions are ugly. They never have any trees/canopy.
This video is doing a dis-service to climate efforts by implying that one has to sacrifice from life quality and a comfortable life to save the climate. And no wonder so many people are categorically against anything that involves climate change efforts. You should not be living in high-density zoning like ants to save the environment. The reality is green economy needs to be built further and will save the world with all economic and personal motivations.
I say no to high-density crap and suburbia. I'll live in the country side and be happy being in nature and not worry about neighbour  & strata issues.
Nothing wrong with living far from city: electric cars and cheap fusion energy will fix most of the problems mentioned in this video.
I agree. Single family zoning is bullshit. Suburban dis-empowers middle class people by reducing their ability to do things and compartmentalizing them into a sad, same looking corners.
Going underground like ants or racoon city might be cool
I'm a first-time viewer. Nice magic of editing joke.
Las Vegas 99% when your off the strip
@4:56 so what you're saying is that in 1860's America no one was eating ass?
3:26 🚽about the kitchen toilet. . .I remember I went to jail one time and was like "this is the peak of efficiency having my bed next to my toilet, where I also eat my meals. I must replicate this in the real world when I get out".  So you're telling me I'll never get to live my dream!?
The ironic thing about Euclid is that it’s one of the most unsafe and poor cities to live in the Cleveland area. I wouldn’t move there even though I’m very poor 😬
A city close to me did the same thing as your Colorado town. It’s SO nice there! The apartments are extremely expensive though. Everything was made of marble inside and temperature controlled in every room. A lot of the doctors lived there
Cry harder, urbanites.
stairs vs parking spaces
I audibly laughed throughout this video and learned so much. Bless you for this content.
Hey if you want to live stacked on top of each in a city that smells like piss and shit feel free but most American don’t want that
Population increase isn't a problem. The US population will soon start to decline, not increase, based on recent birth rate history. Even if it did increase by 100M, we have more than enough space. Packing people into apartments in dirty cities is not the answer.  The projections you mentioned are based on a model that's been outdated for years now.
Lmao Amerikkka is beyond unredeemable
This is super funny video, thanks a lot for you job! Don’t ideolize The Netherlands - the reason they are building “toll” buildings is a lack of land and cost save, nothing else.
these problems have even affected my tiny town in rural Maine. the area of the town built before cars is very walkable, all the buisnesses have apartments on top. then as you get even  half a mile away from main street the sidewalks disappear, there's no more crosswalks, and every single family house has 2 cars. i have a friend that lives in this same town of 2,000 and she would have to walk for an hour to get groceries if her family didn't have a car. it is needlessly spread out and all this does is ruin the areas natural beauty by cutting down trees and running over animals. how the hell did our ancestors look at one of the most beautiful and habitable places in the world and fuck it up THIS BAD
you lost me at "some of them are racist by the way"..  thats an indicator there will be little facts but lots of emotions..  im good on all that
Loved the editing and the blue painters tape on the mic. Also... aren't bags of milk less environmentally impactful than boxed milk? If the 'bag' could be recycled or used with a more sustainable material...
When I went to college, I could walk everywhere I need to go. I miss it sometimes because I hate driving.
smart cities lol the future of america  #agenda 2041
Just here for the propaganda.
This is why American millennials hate boomers so much.
Some people like suburbs. Some people like car-based life. Live and let live.
wow. the least self aware video on residential zoning I've ever seen. Everyone who doesn't want to live in your urban bug eating pod dwelling super gay crime ridden leftist only utopia is racist and bad.  Actually, if you did your homework, liberals are the problem with voting for zoning racism and ageism. The NYT just did an investigative report on it. You should watch the video and delete your channel.
This whole video sounds like its coming from a person who loves living in city and hates starting up a two stroke weed wacker, or having a garage for motorcycles or other toys! Lets the climate change and humans will do what we do best. Adapt.
8:03 Do you mean Cleveland?
13:50 Excuse me, who buys a bag of milk ?! NVM YOU ADDRESSED MY CONFUSION A MINUTE LATER!
So I live in Lakewood nearby Belmar. In a lot of ways (mentioned in this video) it's great, but it doesn't really compare to other nearby (more expensive) "downtown" spaces like Golden, Boulder or Denver proper. Part of it is about things like a lack of river walks and mountains but I think a lot of it also has to do with age, politics and demographics and the sense of community that does or does not result. The house I live in is a big part of it, but who my neighbors are matters a lot too.
The problem is that by removing the racist zoning practices, cities that have been invaded by these groups have gone downhill. What we have that has replaced it is a mad dash by non-whites to move away from non-whites themselves and towards whites. So many cities ranging from Yakima, WA to Farmington, NM to Detroit have become unlivable for whites. So while it's easy to decry previous racist living controls, what is obvious is that whites behave differently than non-whites and produced much nicer areas. I was just in St George, Utah -- and it was very nice. Why? Well, it's around 80% white. I travel around the country and in every city is like this that I travel to. It seems that what should have happened is that whites who are willing to live around non-whites should simply do that, but even whites that decry racism want to live around whites. It's hypocritical for these people to then complain about racist controls on where people live, but at the same time only wanting to live around whites. What can't be answered, is why non-whites always want to live in white countries, and then once in white countries, want to live around whites. Notice that BLM bought all of its mansions in whites areas. They held their conferences not in black areas but in Malibu.
Insta subscribe. Love it!
SodaSopa
wait what?? buying a bag of milk?
Some people want private transportation
HA! I googled bagged milk right before you did in the video. that's too on the nose, love it.
I like AmericA and the suburbs. If u dont like move some place else😊
Those large US suburban houses just look garish. At least in the UK new housing developments in the main are trying to be in keeping with local styles and materials, and come with schools, shops, business areas, almost replicating the almost natural organic lifecycle of a small town. Not only that a certain % must be deemed ‘affordable ‘ (where the properties are sold as joint ownership with housing associations) so yes, new neighbourhoods in the UK have a large mix of social demographics). And the UK has some of the strictest planning laws in the world.
What can we do to make changes? Where do we go?
just popping on here to say that with good public transportation, a plethora of green spaces, and sustainable/affordable housing, the suburbs are ABSOLUTELY a great investment. The key is to improve the suburbs and not dump all of resources into urbanization
11:10 Culs-de-sac is the plural of Cul-de-sac because in french it means the ass ("bottom") of the bag. But we never use it for speaking about bags. Only about dead end streets.
I am moving to.a town I could walk to everywhere when I retire.
Zoning also prevented minorities for creating generational wealth through property ownership…
Lakewood is ghetto. Gonna get shot.
magic of editi agic of editing
11:50 I live in England in a post industrial city in the Midlands and my commute to work takes 15 minutes by car (less with low traffic) covering 3.2 miles and by bus it takes at least an hour via 2 buses.  I don't feel like you're exaggerating when you say 2 hours, there are probably people so desperate for work that they have to I can imagine.
Wow. The US is actually terrible. Like, ACTUALLY terrible.
In my state country estate owners/fake farmers are turning forests (carbon storage) into acres of lawn with one goat to save taxes. Greed will destroy the planet
Bag of milk
wtf is a 'Bag of Milk" does they refer to a tetrapack of milk?
Roads being free to use and gasoline being highly subsidized mean the costs of moving further away from dense population centers is less expensive.
Brb looking up immigration laws to The Netherlands
I love how i know where this was shot
i think suburbs can have a walkable space too. i know of a toronto suburb that allows you to walk 5-10 mins to Home Depot, several restaurants, and 15-20 mins to a grocery store. i personally live in a city where I can walk to 2 grocery stores, 2 pharmacies, a Costco, and a mall all within 5 minutes. and it may be getting tired but I would love to live in a suburb, not where it takes a hour drive to reach a grocery store, but just one that has space.
You can get bags of powdered milk too. I believe bags of milk or powdered milk exist just because they are cheaper to manufacture.
Alongside Ordinary Things, this is the perfect ratio of entertaining and educational that exist on YouTube. Love the channel!
Living in a walkable (or at least bike able) video in the Netherlands where the scenes of the videos from not just bikes were made I need to say that I never saw a bag of milk here. Great video!
Absolutely great video.  I remember an Adam Ruins Everything about this a couple years ago, but your video gave so much more depth. My state is currently going through huge population growth as people continue to leave California, and everyone keeps whining about all the new subdivisions going in. Yet those same people still oppose the better zoning (particularly removing restrictions on building multi-story apartments) which would prevent the massive urban sprawl that's destroying all the open space.  Your video had me fired up about this in a way I haven't been in a long time.
The resigned disgust when you say bag of milk... 18:03
You should take this to the Supreme Court cause this could actually be a big win for you I believe
My issue isn't necessarily suburbs, it's the new cookie cutter housing developments being squeezed in everywhere. They cut down ALL of the trees and put the houses so close together you can almost touch them. And they all look the same. It's so boring. I just wish they would put some thought into it instead of greedily throwing up crap.
I would live in a tent in the suburbs rather than in a penthouse in the inner city. There's nothing that will induce me to live with the scum that infests the inner city. Too much "diversity" for me.  Climate change??  Bahahahaha..
Most the the most expensive neighborhoods in my small city are places where single family homes are in walking distance to restaurants, bars, and shopping. The houses are old and small but go for a ton of money because everyone wants to have that convenience. That is saying a lot to what people want to me. However they have pushed out all the lower income people who couldn't afford to drive and NEEDED to walk to all those things, now it's a luxury.
Once again it's us Coloradoans doing the right thing several years ahead of the other States.
"oh god why why is it so long just make it shorter"   *makes it 10 seconds longer just to spite the nose on our faces*
Wow, your jokes are 🔥!
Too much talk about racism.
Hot take. It would actually be pretty easy to get conservatives on board with this. Basically just make it more of a social issue than a climate-related one, and everyone gets what they want. People on the left get reduced carbon emissions, and people on the right get that close community and sense of culture back. The only lost causes are those car dependency lovers. And I can tell you from personal experience those people are on both sides
Oh the irony of "I want to talk about America" while playing Roger Daltry's scream from Won't Get Fooled Again.
Knowing now and the money pit I’ve lived through I would have gotten “fixed” when I was 18-spread  the word to all young men!  This will help with the goddamn overwhelming population!
This video has so many 1/2 truths and distortions, that I am left speechless.
Walkable neighborhoods are a thing of the past. In America especially, right or wrong most people want spacious single family housing. In California more water is allocated for the growing of alfalfa for the rich in Saudi Arabia and surrounding countries than for the residential use of the entire states population. And if we stopped the daily flow of illegals crossing the boarder daily our population growth would greatly be slowed.
Solution: We'll just make it too expensive for anyone to buy a house.
I mean, you could also curve down population. 🤷‍♀
You spent WAY too much time talking about Racism.  We get it 'merica was racist during the Jim Crow era, you spent way too much time on something every American already knows.  Look at how bad Denver is right now, rampant CRIME, homeless people EVERYWHERE, it's disgusting.  People defecating between cars on the street, master baiting in the parks, public intoxication etc. etc. etc who wants to live there?.  Rezoning "the burbs" to allow for lower income housing would just bring those types along with it.  Here's the kicker with Denver, most of these undesirables are actually WHITE! And Belmar? For real? If you lived there you'd still most likely need to drive to your Job in Downtown Denver since your tips working at Red Lobster or any of the other Retail Chains, won't afford you to live there.  The bigger problem with lack of affordable housing is investment groups like Blackstone buying up vast quantities of real estate.  Nobody wants to live in apartment building owned by some soul equity firm  with ever increasing monthly rent or even a condo for that matter. A single family home locks in your housing costs (for the most part), and lets you build equity (impossible in a rental and vastly decreased in a Condo) you can build a single family home that is extremely energy efficient; my Colorado single family home consumes less heat/elect than a NYC Apartment of the same size built 100 years ago with poor insulation and window units.  And don't worry all the roads are dirt to it from the highway.
Bagged milk is very much in existence in Wisconsin, much of Minnesota, eastern Iowa, and northern Illinois - and plenty of Canada.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! As the video narrator guy says it is ILLEGAL to build higher density housing in most places- for the simple reason that most of us regard brand new govt style high density housing as NEAR FUTURE SLUMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And WHO MADE ALL THE RULES about having neighbourhoods being built a CERTAIN WAY???????? Why - it was the SAME LIE-beral gang that is whining about NIMBY groups!!!!!!!!!  LIE-berals SUPPORT NIMBY GROUPS in exchange for VOTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And then LIE-berals turn around and WHINE about the cost of housing that they are DRIVING UP in the first place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Most of us WANT to live in a single family dwelling!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very FEW of us want to live in a little concrete box in a tower some place that was constructed by some LIE-beral friendly landlord FOR THEIR PROFIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Very few of us want to put up with reduced privacy, parking restrictions and the added expense of a corporation managing our property for us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  As for idiot children running around shooting each other in the head with BB guns - the kids can still be just as stupid in the local park!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And in related news - the video narrator apparently HAS NOT HEARD how many small businesses have been CRUSHED under LIE-beral taxes and thus it is STILL a lengthy drive to get a part time job at the nearest mega mall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Makes sense why as Americans, we love/idolize/are nostalgic about our College years... we are escaping Suburbia, living in Mixed Use - Pedestrian friendly campuses, only to return to the Urban Sprawled Suburbia once again...
Liberals want us all jammed into their dirty, crime and drug infested cities.  No thanks
where are all the racist comments? Is the politically correct comment police removing them? If this comment is removed then I will know....yes. Even though I've said nothing racist.
What a fantastic crossover episode! I love that the tape draws more attention to the lav mic rather than conceal it
This has been "sustainable living" propaganda brought to you by globalism.   "You will own nothing and be happy about it." -  Klaus Schwab
Love everything about this, including the Hulk Hogan bits, very nice 👌🏾
hey! don't diss bags of milk until you try it.
Hmmm 🤔
I just sent this to my community organizing buddies who are 30s and getting engaged. 🤸🏻‍♀️🎉
If you own property, you don’t want thousands of renters in shoebox apartments reducing home values and increasing crime rates, and decreasing graduation rates at local schools.  Zoning is to protect the haves from the will never haves.  Personally I don’t want to live in a building with no yard, no place to grill food, no garden, no personal pool.  I like my neighbors whom we share food with from our gardens, I like that we don’t have screaming neighbors in the next room, playing loud music, with doors slamming. My neighbors are quiet, and friendly home and land owners. Screw that idea to box people up like sardines nonsense. I like to go to my backyard and enjoy the peace, tend my garden, or crank up my theater and enjoy a movie or concert online, or go for a morning swim.
This video contains CRT...
"bag of milk" gets me every time 😂
This is ridiculous considering i live in the suburbs in a 500k plus homes  area and have for 26 yrs. Guess what? My neighbor is black. Probably because he worked hard and saved money to get where he is. Imagine that! And he's not the only one. Our neighborhood is full of more than just snobby whites and we all trust each other. It's their annoying kids that live on the internet that we can't trust thanks to libtards like this in the spotlight.
Densely populated area's are known for disease would be some good information to add.
Repent, trust, and believe in Jesus and be saved. To repent means you confess your sins (the acts and thoughts that are wrong according to God and His Word) and ask for forgiveness with sincerity. Once you do this, strive to no longer do those wrong/sinful things, but do what is right according to God’s Word. It’s not by doing good things that you are saved but by trusting and believing in God and His grace/mercy. John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
Does anyone recommend environmental organizations that support denser housing in the US? I just found out that the Sierra Club endorsed a local SF candidate who is very anti urban development, which seems completely counterintuitive to addressing climate change (not to mention the homeless crisis). I'm working on cancelling my membership with Sierra Club and would like to switch to one that supports these goals in the US.
Sorry, but I lived in townhomes and high-rise apartments in metro areas for years and the noise and crowding drove me crazy. After my kid was born, I moved to the suburbs. Claiming that the reason modern people want single-family detached homes is because of "racism" is ridiculous, especially with laws like the Fair Housing Act in place and enforced: it's a quality of life issue. Some people don't want to live like colonial insects like ants or termites, but would like some land and space. If modern suburbs are expanding, it's because people WANT to live there not because of current racism. Europe is small and crowded, and its development will look different. American large cities have a lot of negatives as they now exist: higher costs of living, crowding, crime, traffic, noise, lower quality public schools, etc. Also, for those of us with jobs that can be done remotely, we DON'T need to commute and add to air pollution through automobiles. The suburbs are ideal for me.
Another big problem is the association fees 😒  in a building . Not to mention if your neighbor has roaches and dirty. You will have roaches also.
Car industry doesn't want this bud/ bro. Sorry I hate when people talk with you and say , bud..or bro..
There is a simple solution. Public transit that is efficient and clean, safe, prompt. Combine with bike/walkable,  friendly cities . Cars and roads are unsustainable.  We are all socialists when it comes to driving a car. There are so many things involved in you putting your key in your car, or push the "start button". We all socially agree to pollute our air and our children's.  If we could see with our eyes, and smell better with our noses,  it would be a good thing..
How about you all go to hell? Go live in a pod, eat the bugs, and own nothing.  We're keeping our homes and our cars.  Are the global Marxist elites pushing this garbage going to give up their sprawling mansions and private jets and live in pods too? Of course not.
Damn, first time on this channel, and shit that was damn funny.  Well done sir, well done.
More mixed use high density, more now!
Lived in an apartment before, never want to be that close to other people again.
If you’re actually an American, I’m shocked! (Speaking as a Canadian, your channel just has a profoundly Canadian quality to it. I mean it as a compliment - loved the video!
The fed doesn't want people living efficiently .. they want them to grind out and spend every dollar they have just to exist so they can collect max profit in taxes.. they want you driving 20 or 40 minutes to work so they can keep selling cars
Just more elitist woke climate based propaganda.  Let the markets decide what to be built and keep the social engineering to minimum.  All cities want high density living as its more tax payers per square mile.  Claiming cities are more environmental is a farce. How many offices sit idle 60% percent of the day to burn energy and waste water for a job that can be done remote from the suburbs.  There is no one solution to urban planning just let the markets handle it.  Also I like how you worked in the racism perfect to fit your woke agenda.
As someone who's lived in a rural area, suburban area, and a big city fuck the suburbs.
Where can I find the Sunday Morning piece on the Villa Italia?
Suburbs are not ideal because they are too densely populated. Rural life is far superior but alas compromises have to be made for economic reasons. Urban areas are not fit for human habitation! Densely populated cities should be literally outlawed.  Life in North America would be so much better if every city of over 100k people magically disappeared and was replaced by bean fields. I despise highly dense populated areas and would sooner live in a tent in the dessert then in a big city.
IDK why this guy isn't more famous than he is, he's great! :D
Brother, you may be a cheap shot artist, and always take whatever you can get, but you make some good points.
This guy is not only informative, but hilarious!!
oh man, he's going the everything is racist and the climate change route
These videos are great but they are really crushing my dreams.
Came for the topic Stayed and subscribed for the humour
my mother bought milk in bags 20 years ago for a few weeks to discourage us kids from secretly eating cereal with milk. we were just too clumsy for that! but at some point she gave it up because she didn't feel like wiping the floor every few days anymore. now as an adult i would buy milk in bags myself if supermarkets still offered it because the packaging produces less waste.
Those houses look nice but they're right next to each other.  There's hardly any lawn to speak of!   What an absolute waste.  It's nothing more than like townhouse living and they're lying to you when they say "It's a single family home"...Bullshit!  You're elbow to elbow with your goddamn neighbors.
Oh goodie - another wingnut using racism and climate change as an excuse to force everyone into living in a crowded city.
Speaking of dead racist white dudes, I just watched a thing yesterday where Charlie Kirk, a young racist white dude who's job is literally to groom more racist white dudes, was lamenting that "the further we get from the dirt", the less racist a white dude would get, so white dudes should just all love in single-story ranch homes...surrounded by allot of dirt. He literally named Denver as a city that's now less racist cuz it's built more up than out. Actually, he said "conservative", but I challenge you to show me someone who identifies as "conservative" who isn't also racist. FOTO (Fear Of The Other) is a bedrock tenet of conservative ideology. Also, fact check: there are,  in fact 3 grocery stores in walking distance at Belmar, its just that one isn't technically IN Belmar, you just have to cross 6 lanes (when counting turn lanes) of traffic to get to it.  Also, btw, Belmar is bougie AF.
I like my house in the suburbs.
.. bag of milk? lol
BAG OF MILK: Its odd youre all about climate change and all that but don't see how bags of milk produce less waste than plastic jugs lol. Canada does it and then put it into a pitcher (just punch a hole in the bag and pour from the pitcher)
I actually went on a date to a tax auction and we came out with a $3,000 townhouse.  very cool.
I haven't been to a zoning meeting, but I joined my community board and got to read the minutes of the housing committee hearing: a proposal for an 8 story building on my block. They asked the developer to include more low income units, agree to more environmental features, and talk with labor unions about working conditions building it. Then they approved it.  I don't think my neighborhood has ever been single family zoned. I do have an article interviewing my great-great-grandfather about a neighborhood development being built near his farm 150 years ago, the first start of urban development here. The article ends with a quote from him saying he thinks the changes are all for the better. At some point he sold the farmland and opened a general store on the newly bustling main road.  I owe him, people like him, and the people on my community board a debt for building the mixed-use, walkable community I live in. As a disabled person who can't drive, walking a block from my apartment to groceries, pharmacies, banks, restaurants, and coffee shops is a godsend. Hopefully someone reading this today can help build that for future generations where they live.  All I can do is try to carry on the work already done.
Some areas of San Diego area like this. Loads of businesses, two story apartment buildings,  houses and schools are all in the same area.
I ♥ Racism
When did the single family home become the staple of the American Dream? Because for most people outside large cities, you are almost looked down upon if you're in your 40s living in an apartment.
Your presupposition that suburban sprawl isn't what people want is horribly flawed. Most who live in the suburbs go out of their way to choose the location. Generally, it's to avoid the high density, high traffic, people in cages feeling of city centers. While I agree that changes will have to happen, you should say least begin from truth rather than narrative.
I find it disgusting now almost all apartment/condo buildings in my area which have been built in the last 10 years are glorified overpriced sardine cans. living rooms are non-existent, just a cramped kitchen extending into a wide-ish hallway branching into bedrooms. Barely enough space to put a couch and/or TV. Most of the effort is focused on providing seemingly good services to occupants such as access to a gym, pool, sauna, recreation rooms, etc.  All to jack up the rent to insane amounts.
Not enough houses? Just subsidize vasectomies
Really like the way this was put together! I'm legally blind and moving out of NYC suburbs soon because it's just too dense for me, mainly the noise and number of people, to a more rural area even though I'll have to use an e bike to get anywhere. All the other discussions I've heard in this topic treat mixed use as The Option Everyone Definitely Wants and for me a suburb or rural suburb is the only thing that sounds peaceful enough to actually live in. Definitely need more mixed use housing, but thank you for recognizing it's not for everyone.
One note on mixed use walkable places. So many I've seen, especially in Europe are all concrete and brick, no parks, no green space and will make a lot of people hate living in those environments.
bag of milk?
I had of developer admitted to me that he would like zoning to change, but he would still like to live in a single-family home. Most people talk about changing zonings, but when it comes to their own lives, they don’t want to do anything about it. I don’t think it’s right to force people to live In a city environment. The ends most certainly don’t justify the means.
Roads are not built over plants. Nor do they prevent storm water from absorption
This was much more entertaining than I thought it would be. haha, you're great, keep it up lol
Screw your climate religion. Keep your fairy tales in church. 😈
What's wrong with racism? It's ok for Blacks, Asians.and every other minority..  Just not whites?? I don't get it!
Don't worry. American government and businesses are making the McMansion lifestyle totally unattainable going forward into the foreseeable future.  Ditto for families with children. Not possible without a massive government subsidy.
I used to stay for weeks with my dad during summers as a kid and teenager. He lived in the suburbs outside Minneapolis. It always felt so extremely lonely and surreal walking around the suburbs, especially at night while high. Although that suburb area had a few nice lakes and parks, which is where I'd go. I could never live in a suburb though. I don't think he liked it either, but his wife did.  It was nice when I got old enough to use the bus system, I would always escape into Minneapolis just so I could walk through a crowded city street downtown.
Liked and Subscribed. Love this kind of content. I do have a honest question though. What does an automotive enthusiast do when they like the idea of city living but need the room for their hobby. This goes for wood workers, tinkerers too. I currently own a single family home and only commute 13 minutes to work. But I would much rather do it via public transportation (not really an option here) or walking. I still need that garage space for my hobby though. Does this model have a solution for people like us?
Really informative video.  Thank you for helping to preserve our environment and make walking to stores more available.  Great Idea!
Talk about making something out of nothing. Suburbs aren't the problem. Big cities are. Big cities come with more crime and drugs, even gangs. The people in the cities will be the first one's to have their liberties violated. I would not advocate for less suburban living, but more, I'd even go a step further and say live rural if you can.
I'm in the suburbs and anywhere you need to go is 5-15 minutes away. It's not always as spread out as is depicted here. I love the suburbs. Quiet, private, peaceful. You guys can keep your cities and public transport, I'll keep my big open field, gorgeous sunsets, and sweet clean air.
Bag of milk or juice is the norm in many Asian countries so …
F*** high-density housing I live on 3 acres with no neighbors I wouldn't trade it for anything
A guy in my town recently ran for town council on the platform of "Enforce single-family zoning. Never change it. We don't want new people because we hate outsiders". He won. I have thankfully moved to a very walkable city. I can walk to the pharmacy, take the train to the doctor, walk to the grocery store, take the train to many museums, and walk to class. In the suburbs, all I could walk to was one coffee shop and a commuter train that came every 1.5- 2 hours. I never want to live in one of those horrible suburbs again.
I don't want America to be packed and stacked like China etc
*Kardashermins*
Yo this is so true I lived in downtown Denver everything was a walk away. Then we got our first house in the suburbs and we hate it. You gotta drive every were
Great informative video.  And I'm glad you addressed that bag of milk thing.  Very upsetting.
Hey, shout out to Wortley Village in London, Ontario, Canada!
Nice video. It was Entertaining and very persuasive unless you’ve actually experienced life for a while and have the brain power to see past the pretty speak and recognize the things he’s NOT taking into account.   The problem is the law of unintended consequences. While his goal might be altruistic the actual results would not be. Look at the places he sites as “Good”, examples of this forward thinking. LA, Oregon, Minneapolis.   Not any place I would want to live. The unspoken actual results of this “forward thinking” are liberals in office, higher taxes, bums living in your doorstep, free needles, CHOP like take overs of your multi use zoned community that happened in Seattle. Police free zones, murder, crime run rampant. There are reasons other than oppression that single family zoned communities are nicer places to live. There are reasons why people who own their own home don’t want multi tenant housing next door and why their property values go down once they do. Don’t be SEDUCED BY THE DARK SIDE. 😀.
I want to get a house in that suburb.
I felt your pain: "...A bag of milk." 🤦🏼‍♀️I wonder how the perfect village, town, city would look like in their design 🤔🙌🏼
Just build nuclear power plants.  Then electricity would actually be green, and hydrogen (separated by electricity), or electric vehicles would ACTUALLY be green!  Problem solved.  You can say that there is "no shit to do", but when movies/video games/socializing is done online, please don't make me live by noisy people, in a city, and the stuff that you cannot do in a city, like hiking in a national park, are surprise, closer to the suburbs.
I'm interested in how you got the figure that 4000 tons of co2 are put into the atmosphere for every mile of asphalt placed; the source you site lists a carbon footprint of 65.8 kg of CO2e per km of road
Hey, I'm a cool uncle!!!
I think bags of milk are a thing in Canada.
For a country that brags about "Freedoms" we are great about giving people few options. We build overly big, often cheaply made homes, and charge outrageous amounts while stalling pay increases at most jobs. You are then forced to buy a house, which is great if you have a family, but for single individuals is completely unnecessary. You must also buy a car to commute to that far away home. We wonder why Americans are so overweight, uncultured and don't appreciate having a good public transportation system alongside well built highways and streets. We don't have "Freedom" in this country when corporations decide everything for us.
Apparently, class-based discrimination existed alongside racial discrimination. The narrator here refers to "Negroes" and foreign-born, which came as no surprise. But look at the top snippet shown at 9:14. It also specifies "low class whites." That was news to me.
We are not cans of soda or bags of banana chips we’re human beings and many if not most of us do not want to live stacked on top of one another with broken elevators and crap landscape( I don’t want to hear how it could be we know how it will be). I love single family housing
You will own nothing and you will be happy is what I get from this
i gotta buy a bag of milk fr
You still we not stop me from saying "sacs". I need this.
You think bag of milk is dumb, you should see the milk box.
SEPIA TIMES!!!
What’s the music he uses?
It's interesting to me that you chose the Solterra neighborhood for many of the 'suburban hell' shots. Solterra was planned to be more like BelMar than Highlands Ranch, but a band of angry Boomers killed it. When Solterra was planned, it included a lot of high-density buildings. In fact, there are a large number of row homes in the neighborhood's SW corner. The community had planned to include hundreds of apartments along with a walkable town square-esque area on the west side in what is currently known as "Red Rocks Business Park." However the xenophobic voters of older parts of Lakewood passed an ordinance severely limiting the number of new dwellings allowed each year, prioritizing single-family builds. This put the mixed-use, higher density, walkable neighborhood plan on ice.
American suburbs is where culture goes to die. Literally everything looks the same no matter what city you’re in and nothing is walkable. Now our European friends know why we are in awe every time we go to Europe with their dense/liveable cities and diverse public transit options
Euclid was against Cleveland's factories expanding towards it, not Chicago, and these days they're just another suburb of Cleveland with a load of industry following the railway line north following the lakeshore.
As a Canadian there is NOTHING wrong with a bag of milk...
Great video! I'll take these tips right to our entire city re-zone process here in Missoula, Montana.
this guy gives me Seth MacFarlane vibes.
Great editing. Thx for including racism and classism into the conversation. Americans don't care enough about the history of home. I subscribed because you reminded me to subscribe at the end
Or you want to build it like in russia, grey 8-13 story buildings with not enough parking lots, so that cars have to stand whereever they can and where over thousand people meet together and criminality skyrockets.
I love the message, but honestly it's pretty jarring to be interpreted every few seconds by a joke or stock footage
I'm painfully white and still not white enough for these places.
Bullshit, next
As an African i disagree with you ... 1st world problems smh!
Mid rises and middle density = SOCIALISM Tall and Sprawl = FREEDOMISM I do my own research!
The guy with the porn stash has to learn how to do lighting like less light. Ironically it would also be  better for the environment.
Maybe zoning is bleeding America dry?
A little bit of elaboration on the "4 walls leaking more energy" graphic: Apartment complexes typically have, at least nominally, "four walls". So there's nothing wrong with the "McMansion" insofar as building structures of their scale, the problem is that there are too damn few people living in them to justify the  amount of energy it takes to maintain climate control. What makes apartments more efficient is the amount of shared walls between tenants and the greater density of  people being served by a given amount of energy spent on maintaining interior climate.
super interesting video, but can't help but wonder if you were shooting in Superior just before the fire and if some of those homes are still standing. :"(
Top 10 collabs of all time
I own a single family home that's zoned multi-family. Additionally, I live in one of the fastest growing cities right now, Colorado Springs :) Our home's value has already doubled in the last two years 😆. I'm really hoping that a developer offers to buy my house for WAY more than it's worth someday. 🤑 Not bad for someone who was basically homeless 8 years ago.
As someone from the Netherlands i could not believe there are places where you cannot just walk to a grocery store nearby and worse be completely dependant on a single mode of transport. That's insane. What if your car breaks down? You must beg to others or call a sevice on the spot wasting money and loads of time?
Get bent liberal
So funny that Climate Town and Not just Bikes don't show the same plural of "cul-de-sac" haha
My hometown has been moving away from the suburban to more townhomes and apartments with the businesses in the same building. I think it's more of a money grab for the city and contractors, but the idea of reducing traffic and pollution from cars is nice..plus, we live in an arid climate prone to drought, so the lawns really need to go.
Not to mention its ugly as hell
Living in north america in elementary school wed be given bags of milk with the pokey straw
People who currently invested into a single family home do not want to have a bunch of apartments built next to them thereby lowering the value of their neighborhood. That is the biggest reason this will never happen because too much money is at stake..
Just think, back in the day many moved into the city, and now one wants to live in the city.
lol what’s with homeboi casually dumping concrete all over bro’s boots at 8:57
So why are you bringing this up now, and with such passion?  What is your point, boy?
I used to live in the “suburbs” of San Jose CA and
I love these videos you do. I'm dumb and I know it. This is very digestible and I come away knowing more and with the ability to educate others when these topics are brought up. Also you have influenced me to read more about climate sciences.
Actually only about 20% of that 100 million will be able to buy a house. 15-20% will live at or below the poverty line and the other 60% will be living paycheck to paycheck paying rent their whole lives. We might be the richest country but we’re not the richest people…
HORRIBLE EXAMPLE. Bel Mar is still a sh!thole. Just check out the crime stats. Most, if not all, of the criminal elements who previously infested Villa Italia are still there! In fact, Bel Mar may be the perfect example of how to rearrange bricks and not do a damn thing. Personally, I think it's worse now than ever.   I'm also not sure you are willing to acknowledge what the American dream is either. Very simply, it's to own a little piece of land with a home on it -- NOT to live in a "multi family dwelling" where you might become intimately familiar with your upstairs neighbors bowel movements or something. For some people, this might be acceptable and for others it might be all they can achieve. But anything less of owning a home on a plot of land is NOT "the dream".
Why do we uncover this and it still keeps happening
I live in a row home, I want a single home,I’ll take yours
I love this- great info
Gilmore Girls viewers know that it's culs-de-sac. And French speakers obviously.
I went to a town hall meeting to voice my dissent for enacting some historical restrictions in my neighborhood.  Like they were safety related, these people just wanted to keep our 110 year old houses looking like 110 year old houses and if a developer wanted to build on an empty lot they would have to find historical examples of a specific decade to base their build on.  This is because the neighborhood council was mad someone bought an empty lot and built a tiny house with vinyl siding.
When I was 12 back some 50+ years ago both milk and orange juice came in bags with a spigot or a tube that fit into a refrigeration thingy. Like the Crathco d-24 unit, but bigger and used in the cafeteria in school.
everyone should watch this
And yet people keep choosing to move into single family homes…
Just bring up how it could lower taxes . Money talks
The closest business to my home is a gas station a mile away... With no sidewalk 50% of the walk.
Love your videos - please make more!!! We also love the edit bay book library (changes every video) and we've read many of them that we can identify. Please can you share the full list of the books?
Go tell China and India about climate change then get back to me.
Visit projects and see how well that works.
I live where I can walk to a grocery store, a pharmacy, a gas station, an hard ware store, a restaurant, a coffee shop, pet parlor, and so much more. This is how housing should be.
Demented
bags of milk are very common in the north-east of europe
Heh, "william nilliam"
Cities in the USA have made most of their cities unlivable and unaffordable (crime, poor schools, too expensive). In the USA we have this weird aversion to apts. and we all want a single family home which is becoming increasingly out of reach price wise. If cities want to become marketable again, they need to clean themselves up and invest in a lot of apt. towers (a la south korea). The best example of this is california, who purportedly is very pro environment, but consistently voted against legislation which made home building/public transportation better, due to NIMBYism.
Frankly who wants to live in a city?  Cities are just concentrating all your problems into a smaller space, then pouring aggravation onto the stinking mess.  Have you noticed how so many cities in North America are half abandoned stinking slums?
Sadly cities are modern hellscapes that only cause congestion, pollution, depression, and do not offer wages that allow sustainable rent in the area. Ironically, it's the cities that aren't sustainable, since they actually don't really do anything other than serve as hubs for people to interact. All the useful material in a city comes from the country/outside of it. Oftentimes, so does the labor. One thing cities do great? Crime, litter, disease, and poverty. While modern artificial homes in suburban sprawl that look more like a golf course than a dwelling are no answer to the housing crisis, they're a far closer model to individual sustainability than living in a hellish cube being dependent on strangers for random meat tubes and venti cappuccinos. Do you think humans were meant to live without a moment of peace or quiet, doomed to smell their neighbors farts from any adjacent cube dwelling apartment? R1 zoning that you're crying against so much are responsible for some of the most sustainable, conversations suburban planning in the country. Also stop calling zoning based off income racist and not classist is just helping the elite win. I could only afford to own a home in an area where property is on the decline and while I would love to move into a nicer one, they actually won't just let me hang there cause I'm white (crazy, right?). If you think exclusively vertical expansion is the way to go, you know nothing about economics or even the most basic levels of scalability and mathematics and it would be best to take a look at the fundamentals of mathematics and logical thought before relying on modern buzzwords that obscure the truth. The slides of the neighborhoods you advocate to get rid of in favor of mixed use spaces put next to each other has such a disturbing contrast. It goes from a natural looking environment to a modern hellscape that no human from any past period would recognize and would make them go insane just as it is making us now. 1200 street signs, dozens of poles springing up from the pavement, enclaves of plastic rubber and metal bike parts parked together looking like crap. Every new "walkable" city design winds up looking like a bunch of pavers smacked over the place, maximize housing zoning to have people breathing down each other's necks, all while adorned with some artificial IKEA-esque plants.
I like my yard, my house and my suburb, i like my Chevelle SS and my truck, i am American and thats how we live, dont like it then move
A lot of really good points were made.
Yeah the good thing about Australia is that I live next to a McDonalds, a supermarket, and a servo, so I can always go get food with a 2 minute walk and back 🤳🤳 We don't isolate all the businesses from the housing, we intersperse it amongst it so we can all be closer to what we need.
Wait...who was that Amazon at 3:30?  Sorry. Got distracted.
Nobody gives a shit. 99% of your views are from people who fell asleep with Autoplay on. You DO understand that is how Youtube works, right? Try this - Make a 4 hour video and watch your views climb into the millions. I just feel bad for all the corporations handing Google money to play ads for people who are sound asleep.
"The magic of ed— the magic of editing!" sent me.
blah  blah blah The Hulk! blah blah
100 million people? the largest generation that has ever existed is entering retirement...demographics are a hell of a thing
This opinion dramatically depends, btw most new residential in the city here are the 5+ type 4-5 stories on top of storefronts due to zoning. Where I live it's between a wooded/rural and a suburb type between Philadelphia and Baltimore. The town is not in debt, has almost no crime other than the occasional theft or domestic situation, and located between those 2 large Cities so jobs are never a concern. For those who do not have any skills/trades/education that is desirable or worth driving an hour to Philadelphia or Baltimore to make 75-150k, there are local warehouses etc that pay between $18-35/hr. Our average income is nearly 3x the national average, no HOAs because the people here are proud and take care of their property. Everybody waves when you drive down the street, overall it's a nice place to live. I was born and raised in Baltimore city and work there today, I can tell you 1st hand nobody really wants to live there. unless you are poor and live on the westside, down south in Brooklyn/Curtis Bay/Cherry Hill or out east. Or the yuppies like in Fells Point/Canton/Locust Point etc. BUT those yuppie areas you will pay half a million dollars for a townhouse with no garage or yard and the poor areas are high crime. Needless to say, the poor flee to the surrounding counties/suburbs  to get out of the crime and bad living, and the non-yuppies like to live an hour away like me. I enjoy having a 2.5 car garage on an acre lot with chickens and vegetable garden which could not have in the city.
To be real, the bigger problem isn't the single-home dwelling restriction, but the fact you can't put a business in neighborhoods.  Also, I've noticed that zoning laws don't seem to stop regular houses from being converting into duplex or even quadplex apartments. Ya just don't tell people too much about what's going on there and not worry about it.  All that said, a lot of this crap would go away if they abolished property tax, as that would allow laws to be changed to suit the modern era. Also, the "too far away from businesses" thing tends to be far worse with rural settings than suburban ones.
I will say, I had to move out of the city due to it being twice as costly, for rent/mortgage, utilities, pollution, crime, heat island effect & my favorite: noise.  The rents are extreme (a 1000sqft condo costs twice what a 1000sqft SFH does). The utilities are double (my winter bill peaked at over $600/mo vs $250/mo for the same sqft, water bill halved & my taxes dropped another 3%). The pollution - you could see the soot on the windows (no fresh air in the city) - 'nuf said. Crime became ridiculous (it went up 400% in the place I was at in just 10 years). Then we have the noise.  Working from home, the noise (mostly bass & sub-bass from hiphop & EDM - no offense to that style of music, but, even as a bass player, it really grates on the nerves to hear it almost continually) was getting unbearable.  Just moving 10 miles away from the city, the heat island effect disappears (it's, on average, 5 degrees warmer in the summer in the city than just a few miles away). Heat island = more cooling required = more energy = defeats the purpose (and you can't put solar panels on an apartment & can't charge an EV either - landlords certainly won't be dumping millions in charging ports). When these things are addressed, then city life could be bearable again.   One thing that has truly addressed the problem of wasted energy is remote working (thanks to Covid19, in part) - it also took 25,000 vehicles off the road (in my town), for a 2 way daily commute from the suburbs (saving a few million tons of CO2 emissions in the process - not to mention the other pollutants generated by vehicles, wrecks, etc).
How about less people
You're completely ignoring the fact that these cookie cutter midrise apartment buildings are mostly all high priced rentals that are sucking wealth away from the people that live in them.
all milk comes in bags. They're called udders. They're also difficult to stack, and you have to feed them, so this bag is arguably an improvement on that, at least.
Most blacks like to live with and around other blacks anyways. RAAAAAAAAACIST
I know this will be buried but don’t forget lots of people want to live on their own property in a single family home. As someone who grew up in a major city I have no desire to live in the city around lots of people. Suburbs are built because there is market demand for it.
i know. its why i'd never live out there, or associate with people who do live out there. there = the burbs.
This idiot tries to blame the black outs that happened in Texas in 2021 during the winter storm instead of the unreliable wind turbines that stopped producing power.
Bag of milk… DRINK!
If the other guy is the 🧠 brains then u are the..........
Seriously, f..k all those glorified shoe-box stacks...Edward Scissorhands towns everywhere...
Your houses are still better than our British ones.
Honestly I really wish something like this could be addressed at the federal level, but I know as soon as it's brought up it will turn into another republican vs democrat bs.
Great video... but I disagree with most of it. Most metropolises in the Americas (North / Central / South) all started as suburban and rural areas. Everything from the area around the Alamo to the San Antonio it became, to the mass suburbs of the state of Florida. Eventually, even the neighborhood you see around you will get bulldozed and commercial real-estate will become more prevalent.  Fort Lauderdale is a perfect example. Back in the day, most homes were an acre apart... even a lot of smaller track homes. Areas that just 20 years ago were considered totally rural, are now being leveled with multi-story apartment / shopping centers (first floors are stores / shops, with 3-6 floors of apartments and condos above).   My opinion is that we don't do well with blight in the city... in a lot of Democrat-run cities, areas fall on hard times (city ends up opening most of it due to unpaid tax), and it sits there. They never re-develop it, so people expand out in the suburbs.
Where I live in BC (Canada), my town has been going from single family homes to medium rise apartments/condos. It's really weird to see, but there's thousands of them now!
Everything being at walking distance is convenient, but those areas are usually not as affordable, anyways. I rather pay for a house that I own, than rent an apt that I don’t. Also, I personally hate urban areas for how polluted they are with people, noise, trash, light, etc. A perfect example would be NY. I hate NY.
11:07 The French knew!
Wha-tha what? Bag of milk?
R-1 Zoning is a load of bull crap.
I wish I could like this video a million times
I am from Hungary. When I was a kid, milk used to come in bags. Everybody had a container at home that was designed to hold a milk bag and allow you to store it in the fridge and to pour milk out of it. I also knew the culs da sac thing.
Higher density housing should be available wherever needed.  However, I won't be living in them.  Why?  Maybe I just got tired of the overhead coke dealer with the personality to match.   That no one was able to do anything about - so I moved out to single family housing.  I actually had less of a work commute by doing so.  Going back further, I never really enjoyed college dormitory living.    I'm out rural these days - raise chickens (which you can't do in  multi-family housing districts) for eggs and meat.  Trying to raise as many of my own veggies as possible.  And woods - nice natural woods right out my windows.    But I would like to see more availability of the things you desire - I choose not to live there, however.
Suburbs are absolutely atrocious they are literally the destroyer of beautiful places.  I live on the very outskirts of Orlando in the country I’m about a 30 minute drive from downtown but Orlando is exploding and growth really sucks they used to be such a safe quiet place and now all these people from California and New York are moving out here and it’s turning into those places so much more crime it’s like they’re running from these crappy places only to run to turn it into a crappy place it’s like people from city spread like viruses I’m trying to turn everything into suburbs. When I built my house out here on 3 acres there was only seven houses within 2 miles of me and now there’s like 60 houses in a 5 mile radius which still is pretty chill I’m not even going to complain about that I have my peace and quiet on my property but just outside they’re trying to destroy all the forest around where we live which is protected land at the moment for wildlife and they want to build suburbs there and it will destroy so much if they build all these housing for all these people from the city and we all know people coming from the city aren’t exactly the most concerned about conserving the environment they just want everything to be affordable that’s literally all they care about.
better hire more cops, suburbs are easier to police. living next to a movie theater and bar is fine at 7pm, not so great after 10.
Walkable city model seems to be pretty  cool. But in the US they would quickly dissolve into Gladiator zones  we're thugs would rob you as you walk home with your bag of milk.
a bag of milk is certainly the exact opposite of the single family housing of milk
Rollie may be the most Canadian non-Canadian I've ever seen. You can tell his newfound knowledge of bagged milk has stirred something deep within him. Strong latent hoser energy.
Suburbs suck inner cities suck. Life just......sucks.
This earned a sub, this was hilarious
lmao this is the kind of pessimistic, informative, realistic, meme filled content I need more of.
HELL YEAH BROTHERRRRRRR
That was my first thought, when the cold-open was rolling: "Why not just build these subdivisions around street cars/trains, so people can have their suburbs, but also have readily available public transportation for getting to the nearby city that they're ALL going to every day". Then I get to 5:30 where that's literally what they used to do until Auto Manufacturers bought all the trains and destroyed them so they could sell more cars.  But that still begs the question: why not build trains, anyway?
The population can't expand forever, right? There is a limit to how crowded we are willing to live. Besides our own ideas, nature also has its own rules which neither give a shit if they coincide with ours, nor matter if we understand them before we begin to really suffer for breaking them.
I agree, the suburbs are shit, second only to the cities (the REAL thing bleeding America dry)!  RURAL LIFE FOR THE WIN! "we grow it here, so it's freshest here!"
Orrrrrrr we could just stop reproducing for a while? I mean seriously, aren't kids dream killers? Didn't they kill your dreams?
TAKING PPLS PROPERTY AND MOVING U IN  ONE OF THESE AND RENTING
THIS IS A TRICK FOR CLOUSE SHWABB , THEY WANT TO HV EVERYONE IN  A 5 MILE RADIUS STACKED AND PACKED
Live in the pod you racist polluter!  How dare you want a high standard of living in a low crime neighborhood!
Doesn't matter, don't care.  The more people tell me being pushed closer to my neighbors, the further spread out from them I want to be.  I've lived in suburbs, I've lived in cities, I've lived in the sticks.  I will always choose the sticks.  Ending single family zoning is something worth fighting against.     Muh waccisssm, muhhh climmmmaaattte. I dont give a fuck.
huh.. im from cleveland. Euclid, Ohio would be considered very poor to this day.
Suburbs are superior. Cities suck. I've lived in a major city and everything about it was awful. Got 2 acres now and a 4000 sq foot home. My neighbors are at least 80 feet away from me. We don't have a "zoning regulation problem" we have a culture preference which is that Americans don't like being close to each other. No one wants to live next to condos or large buildings. Cities in america have massive crime issues. Solve the crime problem and I think cities could make a comeback, but that's also a cultural issue. Look at the crime rate in the US vs other western or asian countries.
Individuals and/or families have a God-given right to own a house...if they can afford one!  Home-ownership does NOT affect the climate in any way, and you have no right to impose your Socialist religion on anybody.
I don't want to live in a high rise. I'd settle for a townhome, but they are designed for the retired.  No yard for kids, And super strict HOA that tell you what you can and can't do with your own property.  Also what's an HOA meeting.  I've been in my house for 9 years and the HOA has had only 2 meetings.  No one to report them to, and impossible to dissolve it.
Jesus…do you woke goobs need some more cheese with that whine?   Maybe instead of spending time studying things you’ll never change, maybe run for office and actually change that of which you’re pissing and moaning about.  Oh, and we don’t give a fuck how they do it in Europe.  I’ve lived there and they have traffic problems just like us.
Renting isn’t an option either until these companies aren’t allowed to bleed you dry.
Zoning laws are not set in concrete like the US Constitution.
1:03 thought is looked familiar, that's from my local town in Swden. Where did you finf that picture?
A "bag of milk" looks different here in Germany (and also in the Netherlands, if I remember right), and we have holders to put them in – works fine. You cut them open on one corner (or they have some means to open them). They use very little plastic, and they add very little extra weight for transport. Actually not that bad an idea, but most milk here does come in modern liquid packaging board boxes (which are actually worse when it comes to "carbon footprint" and environmental issues).
i live in a shack i built in the sticks . the only mf who's been up my driveway in over a year is the propane delivery guy . if i could get a bigger tank from him he would only disturb my peace 1/2 as often .
single family housing is literally ruining citiies and causing the housing crisis.. we need Megatowers.. single family housing is a complete waste of space
Los Angeles USD still give bags of milk and chocolate milk.
Your video “randomly” appeared on my feed so I decided to hear you out. And your video has forced me to show up here to unequivocally proclaim that BAGS OF MILK are the best thing ever. And while I can name many things I miss about living in Canada, the wtf is that bags of milk is top of my list. #teammilkbags
Single family homes may be bad for the environment , but apartments and more importantly the people who tend to live in apartments are just awful , when I was able to break away from apt living and go to my own house it did wonders for my sanity.
stacking people will only result in social strife new york city is a prime example of this everyone there hates eachother
I love this style of educating on issues. Enough humor/pop culture references/randomness to keep anyone engaged. THIS! This is how you change minds and hearts about these important issues.
How many climate youtubers are living in single family houses?
I live in southwest Denver and my occupation is of an Independent contractor (carpentry) building those exact homes. Just today I had to drive all the way to Elizabeth for a new project in development. It was an 80/90 minute drive with minimal traffic at 6 AM. Back in the day I honestly thought the Drive to Aurora was far🤯😂
Woah woah woah, did he say a bag of milk? This is America
Jokes on you, I live in a town of 25000 with 0 dry cleaners.
What a fool about this topic
You remind me of Aziz Ansari, except you aren't poor, I mean indian
That TIMES A 100,000,000 part is where my existential crisis originates
We moved from our suburban tract home in Morrison to Belmar near its inception. We loved the concept and invested heavily. During the time the neighborhood blossomed and then started to disintegrate due to lack of investment and mismanagement by a series of owners. The ice skating rink, a center piece of winter in the neighborhood and which was featured twice in the show, was abandoned (you showed it twice in the episode but when you were there it was puddles). We left for a 1931 bungalow with half the efficiency of our row home (which was in the back of one of your shots) and during our 13 years of ownership our home appreciated at about the rate of inflation. The neighborhood is in millions of debt and continues to struggle. As I said, we invested heavily in this concept but our Lakewood neighbors and the corporate owners never seems to care.
I'm all for this. But I'm still planning on a buying a house in the country with some land.
I am surprised to see people agreeing.  Have you guys lived in an American multi family area?  Most are awful with the exception of the wealthy ones, sadly.  Crime, drugs, etc are rampant in the low cost areas.  i would much rather drive and have a good community that fosters family values and growth.  Can't really say that your children are better off in a multi family area can you?  Really?  Except the wealthy ones of course.  No yard, no land, no areas for your family.  Just noise and "community" spaces full of people you do not want influencing your children.  Youtube is full of kids clearly not parents.  Also, it's amusing that your example of excellent multi family examples is a wealthy 88% white area in Colorado.  You seemed confused.  You just called the suburb folks racist.  This is the paradox that you just created!
Ok this is the type of shit we need more content of. Great job dude keep it up!
Multi family is poverty stricken.  Most folks who have earned a decent living don't want to live near crime.  If you can afford nice things, odds are you are not criminal towards others around you.  Introducing low income is detrimental to earners.  I am not wealthy or well off but even I avoid multi family nonsense and burn the majority of my checks on a decent house in a better neighborhood.  My car doesn't get broken into, my house is left alone, no trash blowing onto my lawn, no loud obnoxious parties penetrate my living room.  Your video is great but the premise is so far off
Muh climate change. Been waiting 40yrs for the big panic to wipe us out. The ice caps to melt and flood everything. Aàaaaand...... Fukall nuttin. Urban sprawl sucks so I live on 200 acres. But spare me the Greta Thunberg Bullshit.
Agree that suburb design has not been good. But cities are the bane of civilization and lead to arrogance, audacity, and dependence on government. Most are decaying in the US too no thanks to wokeism and "progressivism."
I would LOVE to go to a zoning board meeting in America lol.   It sounds like a great opportunity to see how self-centered the human species can be. And then to mock these inane sentiments with facts and logic.
There's no sense in which America is actually the free-est country in the world. Except, I guess, that you have universal birthright citizenship, that's kewl.  Once you're born though, Americans are far from free, lol.
dude, there is only one good thing about America compared to Europe and that is you can own a massive fucking house on a massive piece of land. if your suggestion is live in a city or townhouse you might as well move to Europe. their cities are nicer and they have free healthcare
What leftist ignorance lol.  I grew up in New York City and lived in cramp tenements.  Then joined the military and lived in Europe, Japan, Korea, Colorado Springs and Augusta, Georgia.  I saw suburbs in many European and Asian countries.  I loved the suburbs when I commuted from Connecticut to Wall Street. Do you know the amount of taxes you pay in the inner city?  I bought property, live in a cul de sac and enjoy my piece of quiet.  You have to see the amount of Blacks and Latinos I see living in the suburbs.  Nothing wrong with cars.  If someone wants a hybrid or electric; then that should be their decision.
If i could go back in time to kill someone evil I would go back and get dunkin duffie and the other bastards behind r1 zoning 😤 to think my world could be so different  😭😭😭
The profits are much higher building cheap single family homes on cheap rural property. It was developers that first built suburbs prior to the implementation of strict zoning codes. Allowing the construction of high rises in the suburbs would be a disaster. They don't have the infrastructure. You can't turn the suburbs into walkable neighborhoods.. The streets are too wide and places to walk are to far.
This is literally all they’re building by my house. I live in the suburbs of soCal and it’s like this everywhere at least from my pov.
Affordable housing prices? Somebody has never spent much time in Japan's largest cities. And since we're using Denver as a US example, how are the _average_ multi-family/mixed housing (not upscale / white-dominant) crime rates compared to the single-family suburbs in the metro there? In other US cities?
As someone who designs and develops  land for a living. This video is pretty good but obviously way heavy on the climate worry compared to what’s really wrong with zoning. Most people only care about cost, not really the environment… I’ve been to hundreds of zoning meetings for developments I’ve worked on. It normally starts with a NIMBY complaining about somehow this will add more traffic and ‘drainage’. Which is always nonsense but only NIMBYs show up. No one who’s for developments or even those neutral don’t show up to meetings. So 5 people in the public sway planning boards in cities with 50,000 people because no one else shows up. If you want changes , show up or write in your sentiment to each meeting. It takes some effort but it’s the best way of getting those cities to change.
Hey why not just do what your town did and tear down the vacant mall and build in that location. Every mall location had to be zoned different then single family homes!
I'm probably in the minority I grew up pretty rural, but living in high density housing is hell. That being said I'm also not the kind of guy who will live in a city with much notable urban sprawl anyways.
I don't want to live in an apartment
Hey you grew up in the same neighborhood as me! Dope. Did you ever go to Goldcrown enrichment?
Everything here in ,Merica is about making someone money. When u look at it that way u dont even need conspiracy theories anymore. Everything makes sense which is why we hate socialism so much. Capitalisms arch enemy but yet at the same time savior
#WalkForABagOfMilk
I guess this guy doesn't understand that single family zone exists because the people who live there made sure it was the law - it is what they want. So, contractors aren't forced to build single family because of some government zone conspiracy. They are forced to because that is the type of neighborhood people want to live in. He and the projected millions of new Americans can go live in cities or the Netherlands or Japan or wherever it is that they think is better than American suburbs.  Oh, wait, what was I thinking, this is just another America is racist video.
You must spend an awful lot of time smelling your own farts. I agree with your take on zoning but I'm sick of people beating the dead racist horse and bitching about Malls and other cool things from the past. It really doesn't matter how we got here what matters is how to move forward. You and I didn't cause the problem but annoying people who might be on your side is a terrible way to gain support for your cause. Most Americans don't like the idea of moving into a mixed zoning area because the only examples we see are over priced or crime ridden. You have to make the case that zoning needs to change. Bringing up racism from the past only serves to make people roll their eyes. We've heard it all before. Like I said I agree with you but I still hate this video.
ur like npr’s less nerdy older brother
I'm sure I could drag my husband to a zoning meeting if I let him play pokemon the whole time
Let me guess you are also a socialist!  All the CO2 disinformation is a big knob for control.  What happens at night?  It get's cooler, what happens when the sun reappears it gets warmer (ask the poles).  SO what CONTROLS the climate... to the .9999999999999999999999999999999999(continues)% the sun.  So that big KNOB of CO2 is a small one it's only 400 per million of molecules of air, or .0004 and this scares all of you.  Oh wait it "traps" radiation....?  whose Radiation?  yours, the grounds? well yes to some degree but the SUNS ding ding ding!  So that SUN of ours is the bad guy here.  Let me know when you can control that KNOB
We finally make enough money to live in the suburbs and I love it. No one trying to sell me Crack while I walk my kids. No regular murders. No prostitutes on the corner. No random pitbulls running around. No car jacking. No junkies passed out on the sidewalk. No one breaking into my car at night. You can go ahead and live in a big city if you want that. Suburban life is peaceful and I'm loving it. I'll take the boredom over the loud, crowded, polluted, crime ridden big city any day.
I hate living in this apartment
Many years ago, I bought a condo and was absolutely miserable from all of the noise in the neighboring units.  I'm all for fighting climate change; but for me, I want only single-family detached from now on...I never want to go back to multi-family housing.
Just look at the property tax situation. Just the overall tax situation in general. We cannot support the infrastructure in place now, what makes towns/cities think expanding on what doesn't work, will work?
I like it. I’ve always thought that talking about carbon dioxide was going about it backwards. The city I grew up in is so “Green” the mayor was a member of the Green Party, and yet since I was a kid it’s been clearcutting and paving over tens of miles of what used to be timber and grassland. I hate that.
Great video! I also grew up in West Denver. Proud to see another Coloradan fightin' the good fight.
Pittsburgh is both affordable and walkable. When my husband and I got married, we were an easy walking distance from the courthouse — and that's true of every burrough in the city. Same goes for parks and grocery stores. I honestly wish we had reason to buy here, but we're just a military family, passing through.
Looking for a house right now. Looking at these track house areas is sucking my soul after living in large cities. Where’s the corner store? Driving 15 minutes to get groceries would suck my soul. City life is simple. I walked everywhere because I didn’t want to lose my parking spot.
Go built your neighborhood and prove it can be as nice as you say. Density usually lowers the quality of life. What you want is massive change without proving the concept. Kind of like the no bail laws of democrat states, that have prove to be a disaster
Everyone will benefit from a city designed where pedestrians are the priority!
It's amazing that this video reached a million views that fast! I'm glad more people are becoming more infoed about the importance of a good city planning and how it impacts the environment.
I hate the surbubs so much
how about you just, dont have the population go up.
Typical leftist. Home ownership controls costs. Giant corporations own apartment complexes and they want ALL your money.
So...what if I don't want to live in a city or a suburb?  I do agree that pretty much all zoning laws should be removed though.  It's dumb and should be removed completely.
Vancouver is pretty good for zoning but very expensive!
Ahhh! I get it. Only rich people will be permitted their own single-family detached home. All the rest of us, in the cause of efficiency and fighting climate change, will be forced to live in high-rise government housing. Who as the worst track record of mass housing management? Government.
Uhh .. has anyone ever been to a suburban city that did not have apartment complexes? I'm talking suburbs, not rural areas... Because the suburbs have some of the biggest apartment complexes at least where I'm from
Value is subjective, but sure there are *downsides* to life in, and the effects of, suburbs. There are also *benefits* to living in suburbs, and those are quite clearly benefits PEOPLE WANT & WILL PAY FOR else such would not be provided by markets. It would have been a far more interesting and thoughtful, but difficult as it requires investigation & economic thinking, to figure out *WHY* the suburbs have been flourishing as a model for so long, *WHAT* role government policy plays in incentivizing such, and who aside from the consumer benefits from such sprawl.
A "cul-de-sac" litterly means a bag's a$s in french just sayin
What is title 16 zoning that’s what my city is
lol Calgary up here in Canada is ridiculous
damn if "i love klaus schwab, and all his propaganda" was a person. please go to some other country where they have climate taxes and fucked climate control laws, instead of trying to fuck ours over thanks. you do know the whole climate crisis narrative is being pushed so they can tax people more and destroy the middle class with carbon taxes, right?
YO I KMEW THIS WAS COLORADO. Okay, as someone that’s from Colorado (and no longer lives there, suckers), Colorado SEEMS to me like it’s been extremely overdeveloped over the last 15 years. I remember when Colorado Springs, castle rock, and Denver were all different cities. Now they all are like ten minutes apart. And castle rocks developments are the absolute worst. That town used to have character. Now almost every home look the exact same.
People don’t want to live in high density homes.  As soon as people who live in higher density housing start having kids they start moving to the suburbs in droves.
Dude is from the SonReal part of town I see. Look him up.
I live in Montreal, as far as Canadian cities go much of the city is very walkable. lots of mixed use areas. Stores on street level with apartments above etc. I work in construction and own a very small pick up truck for transporting tools and materials but i never need to drive outside of work. There is a supermarket a couple blocks away but I almost never need to endure that because there is fruit and veg market, bakery and whatever type of independent business you could hope for within a few minutes walk. And in the summer i have a motorcycle that i can use when a truck is not required. Unfortunately I am not at most jobs long enough for transit to be practical to figure out for the couple days i could take it.
Lets be real, if you guys were rich, would you still live in a town home
I would love to see more of the other side of the arguement, instead of just angry rich boomers bad. I prefer suburbs  over urbanized neighborhoods
Says the city dweller living in filthy air
This is not a documentary. This video is jaded and incredibly biased.
LOL The bag of milk thing kills me. It IS less wasted plastic... but unless you're dumping that bag into, say, a glass decanter or old Kool-Aid pitcher or something, I just CANNOT wrap my brain around how and why that would still be a thing. And even then, imagine accidentally pinching the bag on the way home, and now you've essentially got a milk-filled water balloon. It's so weird. That's definitely a strange custom that doesn't make a lot of sense. Every country has them, for sure, but that one is SUPER weird.
Cities will have their problems in the future. Covid and similiar pandemic just proves that humans are not meant to live in Urban areas.  Actual demographics of developed nations show that population will continue decline and grow older. We need to stop fueling urban areas that actually do more harm to the planet.  No actual facts.  Stupid idea to bring race to the topic.
And living in low population density areas makes people stupid too, and our election laws give a lot of electoral power to empty real estate, and that combination of conditions led to the election of Donald Trump.
an anecdote you might enjoy is that the "cul" from "cul-de-sac" is the french word for "arse"
15:47 Did he say Eric Rosen? or Eric Rosa or Eric Rose? Crazy if that's the Eric Rosen
The only building code needed is effective soundproofing in walls in all multiple dwelling units and hotels. Once those become embedded in public consciousness, aversion to density goes away immediately.
To the contrary, I like NOT living in high density, efficient housing.  I prefer gardens, trees, wildlife, peace and quiet to neighbors.
Ask people what they want and they’ll tell you it’s a single family house. Ask people what they don’t want and they’ll tell you it’s a high rise in their single family neighborhood. Not everyone of course. The ones who want to live in a high rise will move to a city.   We live wherever we live because we like it that way.
Dense urban living saps a man's spirit and vitality, it should be avoided at all costs. When you try to build human dwellings for efficiency instead of space you are treating them much like livestock. People are people, not cattle.
I witnessed this "bag of milk" phenomenon on a trip to Quebec. They don't stack the bag in the fridge. The bag goes into an empty pitcher like most Americans would use for homemade lemonade. They just snip the corner off and pour it off the cap.
But a bag of milk is good for the climate and environment at large
Imagine being this jealous over people who live better.
A video about the suburbs drianing America that turns into SJW clickbait. And on his next video  he'll talk about how racist racism was then and even more racist racism is now to the point where he'll have to look under his bed for racism before he goes to bed every night
Im homeless so I dont worry about it.
"America is terrible in every single way imaginable and most likely beyond repair" is my favorite genre of youtube videos
did he just say bag of milk? lol
This is happening in our small Village near Syracuse.  Developments taking farmland left and right and putting up 350k + housing. Makes me sick. Your video has motivated me to attend these meetings and help work towards a better solution.
So explain rent prices and why they are so damn high?
I like the suburbs. I like having my own yard, and my not sharing a wall with a neighbor. To each their own, hardly anyone these days wants to be jammed into an expensive apartment. I hope suburbs expand even more than they are currently.
He keeps talking about climate change and how America will burn up but he’s wearing a soft cap, thick jacket, and there’s snow behind him. More people die each year from cold weather than warm weather. Get educated folks. Don’t drink the look-aid.
Sorry I hate city life(Prince George's County,MD) too many people. We are like cockroaches. Living with more people controlling what you do on a personal level is not my bag of milk. I have lived in DC, Oakland and traveled the globe. I don't want to live in a beautiful city like Hong Kong. You all know packed cluster living really only works when the people within are all on the same page. I'm not rich or Caucasian but I enjoy personal space.
In Mexico the put lots of their beverages in bags. And cheeses and mayo too!
I love my single family home with room for a garden & a fenced in yard for my pets, but I subscribed so I can educate myself and feel like s$!t about my home all day today. Thanks 🏡
Why does a bag of milk bother you? The US does it too.
Too much water to keep those backyards with white fences green year round ^^    (also the retired and bored demographic are the literal cancer of modern society)
Bags of milk use less plastic. In Canada they're much more common. Put the bag in a pitcher and cut one of the corners off. They are a more environmentally friendly option.
I live in an area that WAS mixed use, in the sense that we had a grocery store, and I see some other empty store fronts in the area. That grocery store helped a couple of times when we needed something for dinner, I walked down, picked some stuff up and, yeah. That grocery store closed a few years ago and last year was demolished, leaving us with a few convenience stores but nothing I would consider a walkable distance. There are at least two empty store fronts I know of as well and I wish something cool would move in.
Dont you think when sh!t hits the fan most people in cities will die or have to leave. No way too feed all those people. Even if you cut down all essential trees in parks & turned them into orchards & garden's your not feeding them all. Wouldn't it be better to put commercial mixed better with houses in suburbs
I already knew how terrible suburbs are for so many reasons, but I feel like I was bodyslammed with this new information about bagged milk.
"concentrate on America" he says with background music from British group 'The Who'
Living in a country were 60% of all population live in apartment blocks. It is very expensive to buy a single family house and there are very limited count of permits issued. Though living conditions are not that great in apartments. You have to carry trash about 500 meters every day. Living space average per person is about 18-20 sq/meters in total (kitchen, bathroom, bedroom included) and it is getting smaller. Heating bills are not that different, even more expensive in a apartment, because it is old soviet built ;) So unless it is a modern apartment block it does not save so much...
I mean..the first milk you have in life comes out of a sort of bag
That is now my official life motto. George, when the easy decision is the right decision.
interesting video. horrible jokes. Please make more videos and less jokes.
The suburbs could be carbon neutral if we invested more heavily into nuclear power, but climate activists aren't ready for that discussion.
I guess I’m lucky enough to live in a “suburb” that is literally a I minute walk from a few shopping plazas. My wife send the kids to the store all the time because We can literally see them cross the street. Our gym is in the same plaza, Walmart is about 1/4 of a mile away, the post office and FedEx is across the street. A bonus is traffic isn’t bad in this busy area as one would expect, due to the many entrance and exit points, therefore most people don’t even enter our neighborhood when shopping at these locations.
What’s stupid is that medium to high density zoning (townhouses condos) in nice neighborhoods run for more than McMansion style housing elsewhere. So it’s not like the consumer is getting a better deal with a dinky condo in a nice neighborhood.
this is horrifying.  Everyone should just move to the city?  I can't downvote this hard enough.
I dunno, I like the burbs. I like having a yard and space away from people. I lived in a an apartment for 4 years, hauling groceries and not having a garage to work on projects sucked.
No thanks.
I understand that redlining etc was racist. But I think the answer isn’t to take away single family homes. I think black peoples might want their own homes too? Why can’t we build the trolley suburbs you talked about. People still want their own homes. That doesn’t mean we need to have sprawling suburbs.
It’s also because no one wants to raise a family in an apartment building. The suburbs are awful but apartment buildings are wayyyy worse. You could build suburbs with trolleys
What we need is these present high fuel prices to persist for many years to come to put an end to this insanity. Oil at $200 a barrel? Bring it on!
This does explain the housing crisis.. we gotta pay thousands to live in apartments because building them is so rare...
Just because that's the kind of life that you want, that doesn't mean everyone wants it.
This looks like the Denver suburbs!
You sound like an Agenda 21 propagandist...
>buy house for 500k  >house is worth 80k in materials >people ask to build more homes near you which would reduce your value of land >vote to block them everytime
Look at the multitude of studies about the adverse affects of dense housing on the minds and emotions of human beings.  Human beings weren't made to live on top of one another.  The answer is more complex than you are making it out to be.
Everyone I know with some design sensibility has either gone insane or acquired a bitter sense of humor about the man-made environment they may not even realize they have cultivated.
Everyone thats young: Go to zoning meetings so we can make change and get the boomers off
Our birthdate is 1.8. Replacement is 2.1. How are we going to have 100,000,000 more people? Confused…
As someone in his upper 50s who has owned and lived in various attached homes (condos), detached single-family homes,  and rental apartments, the biggest problem with shared-walls living is inconsiderate people.  It's amazing to me how many people couldn't care less that their cigarette or pot smoke gets into the hallways or into the adjoining units of other people' (through the ventilation ducts);  or that their dogs bark all day long while they're away at work; or who blast their speakers or television at all hours with absolute zero regard for those living above, below, or next to them and, of course, those with young kids who run around in the unit above you, stomping, yelling, screaming, crying, dropping their toys, etc. There are simply too many selfish, inconsiderate a___holes in the world for me to consider sharing walls with other people else ever again.   Why not construct high-density housing where these things are taken into consideration when designing the buildings?  Cost?  I'd gladly pay more for more sound proofing, for example.
Ain't it funny that the wealthiest, you know, the living rich dudes descended from the dead rich dudes, are telling you, the little guy, that YOU need to change the way you and your ancestors live while they continue to buy oceanfront property?  Its almost as if they know climate change is a fraud designed to pigeonhole the common man into becoming a herd animal while a small elite live like gods....nah, that's a crazy conspiracy theory and there definitely couldn't be copious amounts of evidnce, including quotes, videos, books and meeting minutes.  And, its definitely insane to think that if you want the population to stop growing you definitely wouldn't increase immigration, right?  I mean, the endocrine disrupt ers that are ubiquitous in our food and water supplies definitely should be enough to control the population on its own.  Well, at least it appears to be controlling the whites, thank god, since they are below replacement level everywhere.  That's a happy "coincidence".
It's racist for you to imply that people are poor because they're black.
AND... You won't be woken up on a Sat or Sun morning by your neighbor mowing their lawn at the crack of dawn! Go For It! You can Always go visit your parents in the burbs & show your kids what a back yard is!!😉
Great video but did you say bag of milk...?
Wow that's insane. I almost got an apartment in Belmar too but the flooring was warped and I couldn't wait much longer for an apartment. It is very amazing there! Also I think a lot of people don't want to always ride a bike everywhere (especially in certain weather). And if people only had apartments, how could you work on your car on your own without having to take it to a mechanic? Another question I need help with is how do you get groceries and other items to your home without a car? I'm talking multiple bags.
Belmar, Lakewood, Colorado looks shockingly european. If i didnt know, i would think it was next village over.
My beautiful state is currently in a heightened state of construction fever, the monsterous tracts of land that turn into "communities" in a matter of months is mind boggling. Meanwhile towns and cities slowly decay. Specific cities benefit, of course, but small towns, even medium sized towns, struggle to gain and keep businesses. These cul de sac lands are a mold on my beautiful home state. And I know it's not just here. It's really, really depressing.
This video is total propaganda garbage
Not to brag but I have a blue belt in Taekwondo
Let's flog ourselves about bad behavior by our grandparents that we don't exhibit today.  Yawn 🥱
Subscribed after 3 minutes. The snarky millennial bitterness here is just 👌
The big reason I don't look at multi-family structures is the lack of really good sound proofing/insulation. I don't want to know that my neighbors exist and I don't want my neighbors knowing that I exist until the awkward acknowledgement in the hallway or when getting the mail or whatever.
This could have been a 5-minute video saying that not everything has to be SFH, which has social and ecological benefits, but instead you spend 10 minutes yelling R-A-C-I-S-M, which your viewers will likely take to the zoning meetings and turn off those they are trying to influence even further.  You played yourself.
Gosh golly, you forgot to mention India and China INCREASE IN NUMBER OF MOUTHS TO FEED IN ONE MINUTE:  INDIA:      25 CHINA:      7 USA:          7 (IN 2 MINUTES) INDONESIA:  5 NIGERIA:  11 ETHIOPIA:  6 BANGLADESH:  3 POPULATION SHRINKING: RUSSIA:  3 (10 MINUTES) ITALY:  2 (10 MINUTES) JAPAN:  9 (10 MINUTES) Where is the carbon footprint increasing?
this video is pretty much a scream to PLEASE dont live in America 😅😆
As a parent who hates cutting lawn and home maintenance, I WISH there would be more family friendly places in the city or mixed areas. I would drop this whole home owner thing in a heart beat 😭. The only plus I see is that I bought an above ground pool last year. You can’t do that otherwise, and inner city public pools are the bane of my existence after taking my kids to swimming lessons… and apartment pools are nothing but the worst adults coming out listening to the most vulgar music…  Idk. Based on a family dynamic, I think things like this really need to be addressed. Those are the suburban dreams many of us don’t want to give up. If that were to be addressed somehow, I believe many families would leave the burbs for smaller foot prints.
Do you need to say negro, why not just black 🖤
High density housing increases crime.  Ask anyone that lives in a big city...
Bruh this video had me rollin from the JUMP 😆😆👊🏾 good info, flow and editing 💯💯👊🏾 just subbed
I grew up in East Detroit and remember bicycling to Harper Woods and catching frogs. Fun times. Of course, Harper Woods and everything else around are now faceless suburbs. Progress?  Where I live now I'm five minutes from Trader Joe's, eight minutes from Ralph's Supermarket, ten minutes (maybe) from Home Depot. I got take-out tonight: not even fifteen minutes there and back again. I like this! I don't want to drive forever!
Great video
I like this video and totally agree with the message BUT the vast majority of people don't want to live in medium or high density. Read in a survey the other day that 3/4 of people living in my city would move out to regional areas if they had the same employment opportunities. People want to raise families and have as much room and space away from others as they can reasonable afford. People live in cities for the jobs. That's about it. These architects and density evangelists have country houses. Just sayin. You can't fight human nature. As long as we are compelled to reproduce, low density will be the preference. Kids and apartment living does not mix.
Have fun in your packed in condo with a hundred+ other residents.  That’s not my idea of the American dream.  I’m glad it’s yours.  Honestly, I wish it were that of more people like you.
Tell me you don't care about people who can't walk without telling me you don't care about people who can't walk.
I agree with a ton of points . Even though I personally like living a bit away from the city and things. But I'm not everyone. And everyone should have the ability and rights to build for them
wow i live next to belmar
It would also help if they made multifamily residences (apartments) better. What we have now is almost no sound insulation where if you have that annoying neighbor that like to share their horrible taste in music (along with the assholes that drive boomcars) or the people who have no "grace" when moving and you hear the random thumps.
Absolutely loved this video. I had no idea what zoning was (or just how bluntly racist America was in the housing laws 112 years ago) and how that affected the climate directly until watching this video. Awesome job in providing curated information and the perfect amount of sarcasm haha. Just earned a new subscriber!
Multi use zoning results in, what is for many people, unlivable noise pollution. Cars and HVAC bills aren't the only consideration.
Well said and done
Great video. Thanks!  Walkable neighborhoods will also become more important as the boomer population ages and their ability to drive declines.
As an American with no car living in the suburbs. It's hell and ugly here, which sounds so stupid just because I don't have an expensive vehicle. I really want smarter city planning in every medium to large city. :)
GET OFF MY LAWN KID!
The people who live there gets to decide. If anough people says they want to sell their house to apartment developer then this will happen
What about the people who do not wish to live in close proximity to others?  I drive 30 minutes into the city nearest me on occasion and find it a generally miserable place to be for anything more than a hour or 2.  I do not fault the people who enjoy that way of life, I wish them well if that is how they enjoy living.  In no way to I think that they need to learn to live the way that I do, and spread out away from other people.  I take issue with those however who seem to imply that my preferred way of life is wrong and I need to live in a high density area.
You look like a bag of milk.....In the best way. Please take this as a joke
You will live in the pods and you will eat the bugs
The only thing I would have liked seen talked about is affordability. Right now, it's prohibitively expensive to live in one of these types of areas in the US. I mean housing in general is prohibitively expensive but I would be curious about the potential financial impact. What would it do to housing prices?
So, let's band together, occupy a dying rural town, & build our own walkable city. Millennials and Gen-Z have more than enough skills and knowledge to accomplish this. Look at what we did with tiny houses and van life. We made living in one's car glamorous that now rich people want to do it. We should be using our ingenuity to help ourselves adapt to climate change. Goddess knows the govt and boomers aren't going to do it.
This is another great example of why I'm never having children. We are living in a system that is completely controlled by greed and designed to enslave and poisonous us for profit.
I'd rather live in a council estate than a suburb. At least the nearest shop and takeaway are both 5 minute walking distance from my home here
They serve bags of milk in jail :)
What if instead of multi family homes we spread out more to where people had at least an few acre the majority of which had to be preserved and left natural. Everyone could raise their own chickens, have a garden and generally be more self sufficient. I think we need to learn how to share our space with the natural world. If we invested way more in trains and buses like Europe it would keep everyone from commuting with cars. In Europe you can pretty much get anywhere you want on a train. True it takes longer but you don’t have to pay for insurance and pay to maintain your car. Of course we also need more safe spaces for bikes.
To do normal everyday things such as:  NOT BUYING MILK IN A BAG!
Must-read books - Walkable City by Jeff Speck (his Ted talks are on YT), and Suburban Nation by Andres Duany.  Both are great.
7:14. I did jury duty there. The center of the building is secretly a reference to R2D2. 😂
1:28. That’s a Lennar mega-subdivision. Looks like the Denver area. The dark green  house looks like the same house model I live in. Our neighborhood is very small compared to the sprawling subdivisions Lennar usually builds. There was nothing else available for our family in the area we needed to be in when we moved here.  The plus side is that our college-age kids live at home and attend community college and university very close by. My husband works from home, and our location helps us to serve family and friends as a stopover point in their traveling. We use our home for multiple uses. We live just outside of a small, very walkable town, but to bike there requires either getting on a heavily-used state Hwy, or riding mountain bike trails to connect to paved trails and bike paths. We have been trying to get the county to put in a paved sidewalk to complete the connection, but so far, no luck. When there are no kids at home, we are selling this house and getting a small place in a truly walkable/bike-able town.
The subs like this one are the worst of both worlds… you're still living on top of each other like in a city, but can't walk anywhere. If I'm going to drive, ill drive a little further and have 10 acres and no visible neighbor. These cookie cutter neighborhoods are depressing.
in brazil we don't really have zoning so cities are mostly an unplanned mess (:
sad part is that all the walkable areas are only being build for the rich
Brilliant Video
Its so disgusting how racist America really is, from its history and the time it was established. It reminds me of bretman rock being harassed by a white lady because she thinks he dont belong in that neighborhood. Disgusting
1:30 hey, there's like a 10 second difference between our version on YouTube and his version
The opposite of  detached homes are attached homes. Attached homes are apartments, etc... apartments tend not to have front or backyards. For more than 20 years I have done vegetable gardening. If single-family detached homes are replaced by apartment buildings, then it will be difficult to garden. I hope than one day the grass in a typical suburbanite's front lawn will be replaced by edible vegetables. In the video, carbon dioxide emissions were discussed. Growing your own food is environmentally friendly. Notably, no truck has to transport the fresh vegetables from the farm to a grocery store because your front yard is the farm. It is a short walk. People in apartments cannot grow their own food as easily as someone in a detached house because there is no open land; only buildings.
I like this dude, explaining a boring subject in an exciting, cool way– NICE! Subscribed. 👍
Reasonable person: We need more high density housing. It lowers housing costs, makes cities and towns more walkable, strengthens communities, lowers emissions. The benefits are huge for everyone. NIMBY: Yeah, but me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me....
the big takeaway for me is the walk -a-bilty or , location, location, location. Apartment living...is not 'fun'. but living NEAR cool bars resturants and nightlife  is fantastic. moving in apartments near valuable subburb homes seems terrible. no walking...anywhere, still driving into the city ...no, just no. Changing those 'zones' on the edge of cities to allow for more walkable living...oh yes.
I wish we had WAY more low income living options. I swear, I was born in '89 and I feel like I got to at least see the very last tail end of "some" low income living options in the town in Oregon I live in at least. In the 90s we at least had really cheap places, that were kinda run down, imperfect, random type rental properties, houses, duplexes, apartments, etc. Then it was like things went "poof" and all those lower income rental options went away and every single place or apartment turned into a steep pricing increase, every place is exactly the same, it's like all places became this copy and paste boringness stale style, nothing is unique, everything is done with "as fast as you can" in mind, yet they charge such high monthly rental prices. It's like all of America requires and demands EVERYONE to be more well off financially or you just aren't able to pay your month to month bills and then we have no services that help these people so you can quickly go to sleeping in a tent in the tent city parts of towns that exist all over the US and I just don't understand why our government wouldn't just decide that it's more effective and benefitting to set aside a chunk of money to help the lowest income working families, so that it will help those who are about to get kicked out and lose their rental home they currently live in and become homeless. It's either the government helps before people become homeless, or they don't and they just continue to complain about what to do about the homeless issue in each town?  It's kinda crazy, especially when we put aside so muchoney for the military and I think we are now learning that we really are ahead of the playing field with our military and we could probably easily survive if we took a bit of funds that would possibly go to some random thing and create a low income assistance service to save people who are having problems paying their monthly bills even tho they are at the lowest living level so it's not like these people are living lavishly and we are just endorsing them to be irresponsible with their finances and we can realize that this program could save tens of thousands of low income family renters from becoming homeless because they couldn't keep up with the demand for the month to month bills that life requires us these days. I just wish we could have options for living even if we aren't earning a chunk of money each month, and you would obviously have to make due with the minimal options that could be, like simpler living, like in the Appalachian mountains where poor people were able to live in custom little cabins and survive off of dollars a day and found creative ways to stay warm, collect spring water, etc, they just found a way and made due with what they could  gather together, that option isn't even available nowadays. Modern society really does require everyone to pay set bills each month, make a specific amount each month and if you don't, you lose it and then it's a million times harder and more expensive to get set up in a new place if you have to move because of having to pay, first last month rent plus deposit, then your paying car insurance, storage unit bill, power, water, trash, cable and phone bills, I mean the amount that even the lower level of living costs anyone nowadays it just seems very unbalanced compared to a person's income especially if your working a average job.. it's tough. My mom owns a small independent business too, so they have to come up with rent for 2 places each month, the house and the Business. It's really challenging.
Why do we uphold this rule? We can just change the bill right? Like ya know, the governments job, to adjust and adapt things like this.. that's literally what they are there for. We really should look at the Dutch for setting a good example of development and creativity.
make people live in gulags. Problem solved!
That's not how our bagged milk looks. There's no tie off at the top. You put it in a jug-like holder and cut the corner off the top to pour.
*shakes fist* NIMBYs
As a German I never before knew about the US American zoning regulation and its origin. I would like to add: You either plan a city for cars which resembles a spiral by using up ever more space on its fringes for the necessities of driving and parking or you plan a dense city for walking amended with a light-rail or something like that for greater distances. These two concepts do not harmonize with each other. Or you build a car-dependent city with some walkable neighborhoods as a foul compromise. These walkable neighborhoods are in Europe known as the "old town". The "old town" is usually where tourists flock to to visit. In newer developing countries there is a palpable lack of enjoyable neighborhoods as anything is planned to be accessed by cars even though most people there do not have a car.
is there anything about the USA that isn't horribly depressing
Some people (myself included) like having some space around us, not forced to be in such close proximity to a lot of people, as well as having a nice yard.  I will always live in the burbs.  The low crime is a nice perk too!
3:10, you got me, I’m in it for the long haul
I've never been so inspired to go to a zoning meeting. And omg I HATE those stupid yuppy apartments, they are EVERYWHERE and they all look the same, and the rent is like a mortgage for a big house just 20min away. Ridiculous.
Witness the proclamation of 'The Science' promoted by Pfauci and Blackrock. Immunity cannot be had to cv19 except by PheyeZhor. which simply was not true and has not been true since the first vaks zine. Do the right thing, meant double think. you know the history of immunoloyg but need to pretend that this.. is '' noromal' .. witness the 5 trillion $ insanity promoted by the algorithm - twisted by techno capitalsim. humans do things based on the primal need to signal our good or virtuous intent. its primal evolution - meets warlord capitalism. downward spiral. With the lefties conscripted to being the pointy edge of the techno capitalist sword. we are in deep trouble because we need a functional left that isn't the siloed freakshow it has become. :). the back story.
ohh ! 🤪 i love getting shot in the head with a bb gun flfllll 🤕
YOOO MET STUDIES MAJOR AT NYU WRITING A THESIS ON WATER DIVERSION'S EFFECT ON RESERVATION DEVELOPMENT!! Love this video, giving me ideas on how to convey my ideas in video/audio format one day maybe, this was an awesome video on zoning
You're pushing Agenda 2030, stack and pack, and complete control over people. Who is paying you? I bet you are somehow connected to the government. BTW, Japan does not have affordable housing. Complete lie. Stop spreading bullshit to the masses.
cul(s)-de-sac means  bag's ass which is amazing that you can actually have such a vulgar word on several road post and no one even raise an eyebrow. I love it
So funny seeing privileged people complaining about their privilege. My childhood was in the City of Philadelphia; seeing crazy people punching themselves, needles on the streets, and alcoholics constantly screaming and betting on their kids. Boring is good. Single-family zooming was a response to city hell.
I live in a place I think you would consider a great model of mixed-use use living. I have all sorts of public transit directly across the street from me. There are also grocery stores, restaurants, bars, pharmacies, shops, post office, banks, gyms, etc, all within walking distance and by that I mean just a block or two away.   While I wholeheartedly agree with most of the things said in this piece there is one point I disagree with and that is the comment made that this type of housing is "better for our health". Are you referring to physical health or mental health?  With this type of a population density many people with mental health illness tend to suffer greatly due to myriad of things that arise from it, especially noise. It can also be very difficult for people with special needs. The US, especially, is very far behind in allowing for and creating accommodations and modifications for those with special needs; both physical and other types of disabilities not only in buildings but also in the overall development and planning of city spaces and places.  It is truly disheartening that I live in the place that is considered one of the "best places" to live in the United States because it is this wonderful "model" of mixed-use low rises, mid-rises, townhomes, high-rises, and single-family homes but it seemingly only thought about fully-abled, physically, and mentally healthy people living here.  So, what's the answer for the not fully-abled or completely healthy population? What sort of planning can be done to make this model work for everyone?
most people who moved to the suburbs left the polluted and trashy cities, we arent looking to make the suburbs the city again
I wish there were a shorter version I could send to my suburban friends who have no idea why they are miserable but wouldn't ever commit to a 20 minute video about zoning. Great job though. Thank you for making these.
Just started...jaw's already on the floor. Whaaaa?? Only allowed to build single family homes?! Had no idea. Whyyyyy?
I'm from southeast Louisiana, and no one wants to live in Baton Rouge or New Orleans because of the high crime and murder rate. It's very dangerous to live in those cities, I prefer the country living. It's peaceful and relaxing.  There are a lot of advantages to living in the suburbs or country.
Мы с Варламовым во главе страдаем от человечников на 3000+, а Америка страдает от частных домов на одну семью . Интересно интересно
Anytime I see Hulk Hogan, I get instantly distracted by my hatred of him for betraying everyone who trusted him by ratting them out to management when they tried to unionize. Every wrestler in the industry is still suffering due to that betrayal. F' Hogan.  Sadly, to go to one of these zoning meetings, I'd have almost certain to ask off from work (hard to tell since any of the ones at times I could go have been canceled for this month), which is really hard economically.
Just subbed!  Such an amazing topic and so freaking hilarious 😂
yeah build a bunch of multiplex housing so no one can ever own their home
What’s next to BUILD are we going to start moving Arlington national cemetery in desecrate sacred land like cemeteries
I’m a licensed civil engineer who started down the permaculture path over a decade ago and I have to tell you, this video hit me right in the feels. I’ve devoured most of EcoGecko’s stuff here already and have to say your presentation is right there with his. Except your videos are WAY more humorous to boot!  I’m lucky enough to live near a small town that still has a vibrant Main Street that makes it a tourist anchor for the NYC region, but I can see that ground shifting under our feet as the multi-generational land holders who are no longer interested in farming are selling out to developers, who then put up large McMansions as cheaply as possible with no concern for longer term trends like energy costs or traffic. People move here for the open space and village appeal but in the process kill those attractions for car culture, monoculture single-family home development and commercial strips - turning this place into another just like everywhere else.  Despite how depressing all these trends are, I thank you for putting your work out there, as it is sorely needed - and inspirational. Thank you.
Zoning shouldn't exist
Why is the natural landscape of eastern part of America not aesthetically appealing. Very boring everywhere. So over rated.
We still have an ordinance which prevents solar panels on a house if they must be seen by the road...
*better places to be*
https://youtu.be/p-I8GDklsN4 this is the documentary explaining how General Motors dismantled the public transit system.
Bags of milk don't look like that image. That's crazy looking. Bags of milk do stack! Everyone has a milk bag Holder, basically a milk pitcher. Opening a single bag of milk is 1.3L so the other 2.6L stays fresher while you use the 1.3. the bags are more recyclable than gallon jugs or cartons. Pouring from 1.3L is also a lot lighter than pouring from a full gallon making it easier for children, elderly, frail, and all people to carry and pour milk. Jugs and cartons are bag. Milk bags are the future. Get with the times you jug lugging junkies
The "it's illegal to build townhouses" argument is fraudulent. They're being built all over every single American city
This is made by all the major cites to control ppl. People are happier in the suburbs,  they have more space freedom air quality and life is better.  Cities suck high rises cause more pollutants. City folk just mad they don't really live or have lives
when i was really young, i loved how american suburbs look, as someone from london england who has no choice but to live in terraced houses or flats, a detached house was literally the dream
Imagine being so racist that you’d rather see your country suffer under fires and floods instead of living down the block from a black family.
Ugh. What about not living in a city or a crappy suburb? We figured out how to telecommute. And to hell with all these “hybrid” schedules. They are a control mechanism to keep workers from escaping overpopulated hours. The solution is killing commuting, not packing people together like rats, it’s not mentally healthy, and lacks privacy.
Until 1 - thicker walls and floors exist and 2 - city neighborhoods adopt MUCH large park / footage regs, Americans are not going to want to live in urban density. it is rough as an adult - unless you can use money to buy things like penthouses or single unit which created more isolated space.
They actually did the same exact thing to what was once an old mall in my town. They leveled it and developed it into a bunch of shops, restaurants, grocery stores, and mid rise apartment buildings. It’s a great concept, and it would be cool to see a whole town based on this model and not just a single part of town.
Yeah, my wife and I love the Belmar area.  We like to charge our electric car at the library, and take a walk around the lake there.  So far, I like your channel, and your local. Nice. Yeah, our wooden tents are a real shit show for sure.  Not too mention grossly energy stupid.  I mean, where is the passive and active solar heating.  Thomas Jefferson even took advantage of solar heating and cooling.  Sheesh 😜
18:37 no I would totally go on a date to a zoning meeting, not a first date like you said; but it could work and be fun.
You had me until "buying a bag of milk." A bag, BAG!?
Couldn’t stand the noise in Canadian apartments. Built too flimsy. Now live in Singapore where all the flats are made out of concrete and there’s much more privacy.
Wow 😯 thank you 🙏🏾 for educating me on other parts of America 🇺🇸😏
Surprisingly good video!
Rollie?? What happened to your pool adventures? WTF?? So weird seeing you here. I like this though!
At minute 13 you point out that the red tape required to build a skyscraper in a downtown.  Besides zoning scarcity, cities put sooo much more redtape on the building code for multifamily and that is a feature not a bug.  Its there to stop the development of multifamily even on lots that are zoned for multifamily.  Every cities building and safety planning department is there to stop multifamily housing from being developed at every point of the way.  They are not there for development, they are there to stop development.     City of Santa Monica recently changed its R1 zoning to make sure they limit the square footage of houses on their lots. Citing how large houses are environmentally unfriendly.  Now every home owner doing a remodel builds an underground bunker to skirt around the law.  I can tell you digging a 20' deep hole in the ground with 12" concrete walls is way more environmentally destructive than building a few more square feet up.  The City Council speaks to environmental and racial justice but makes clear through they actions they exclude the impoverished (or even upper middle class!) from owning in their city.
This video is your superpower.
Please support Climate Town with Patreon  https://www.patreon.com/ClimateTown   While professorial Youtube lectures with bad sound, lighting and well, pretty much everything (its not their fault- the budget aint always there!) can actually be inspiring, they aren't going to reach too many people! This shit can do it- and help create change and education.  These videos are funny, well-edited and really fun about topics that are very serious. They are reaching the magic 1M watchers. Help blow it up so they can reach 10M and beyond!!!!   Lotsa love, LanaMuckraker from the AVL in western Northern Carolina.
Absolute banger
What is up with specifying Mongolians? Has there ever been a wave of Mongolian immigration in the U.S. or were they just afraid of one?
we don't get bagged milk here, but it seems great.... less packaging, and just put it in a jug when you get home.... like you might with water
Originally I’m from a small town in idaho where as kids not only did we walk / bike to school but also to the pool and local malt shop left from the 50’s where they still sold penny candy in the 80’s! 😂  In the summers we lived at the ranch in the mountains. Where our family of 15 (including ranch hands )doubled the Population to 30 every June.   It was here where i first learned to drive a stick shift at age 13 because thats the age i could reach the pedals of the truck we used on the ranch.   Before that, at age 10 we rode horses through the drive through on the edge of town and to the neighbors to visit.   After winning a scholarship I went to art school in San Francisco just in time to experience the worst earthquake in 100 years.   I went from pop. 40,000 to 5 million overnight and relied on walking and the old fashioned street cars and bus line for years.   Then i moved to NYC and transportation there is mostly subway / rode my bike everywhere in Manhattan which is doable but its like a video game with your life.   After witnessing 911 I moved to LA and it was there for the first time i experienced the horror of the urban sprawl / suburb nightmare of not being able to walk to the store.   But this was soon remedied by moving to Echo Park where I walked to everything and only left my neighborhood for business trips or the beach when I would car pool with someone else.   Then after being bicoastal for a decade i decided to move back to a small town again to buy a house and picked Savannah GA because it is walkable like a European city so I don’t have to drive unless its to go on a specific errand to a place thats not bike-able.   Sav is very hot in the summer but has temperate weather for at least 6 mths of the year and never snows, so its walkable all year round.   Downtown in the historic dist is a lot of foot traffic.  And I bike all over, but its astounding to me how besides downtown, no one is biking?   And like I’ve seen in some of your other videos, there are no bike paths, so I ride on broken empty sidewalks everywhere until they just suddenly stop in some inconvenient places, throwing bike riders into freeway traffic.   Anyways, I hear from much of the general public about this suburban upbringing where kids had to be driven to school but its very alien to me.   Like I grew up in the victorian era on the moon then moved to the biggest cities on the continent where there is (broken) but still existing public transportation.   So I’ve not personally experienced much of this American suburban phenomenon.  But I have experienced it more here in Georgia than any other time of my life.   Totally understand if you need a truck when you have a job or work in a field where one is hauling equipment or feed etc.   But these red neck truck drivers (who could be driving anything to pick up their smokes) think its a status symbol.   Fortunately for them, their Bad Gas Milage Giant Monstrosity can’t leave Georgia.  So they will never make it to Miami and see how impressive their truck is there 😂.  Anyways, these truck drivers try to run everyone else off the road like they own everything just because they are stupid enough to buy the biggest truck.   All I can say is, it’s going to be so satisfying to see the gas prices rise so high these selfish gas guzzling trucks can’t drive anymore.   And eventually these dumdums will be living in them.  Then they will finally know the joys of biking.  😂 Any day now!
Thanks for the education, not something I ever really thought about.
there's also the history of poorly used eminent domain. A local farm recently was outbid on land that the county seized in 1955 from them then sat on for 60 years, only ever using a couple acres out of the 35 acres for utilities that ultimately weren't built. despite having raised the 200,000$ to bid on it, the board had to sell it in an open auction instead of returning it to the family
Nice shutout to Sandy Springs Georgia.. They were always a little disturbing to drive through/flyover
You kind of sound like Philip DeFranco at times lol
Hey thats Castle Rock... ?
The same thing happened in Italy, and we do not have so much land like in other countries. But here is more a cultural matter, instead to refurbish old historical homes in the villages, people want a detached house with garden, like the one they see in the American movies😂. By low detached houses they have to be well apart each other, the result is small houses in the middle of the plot with some useless groung around it. In mountain areas, most of the land in Italy, villages were built on the slopes, repaired from floods and leaving the flat bottom of the valley for crops. Now the new homes are built along the main road and they fill almost entirely the flatland of the valley, while old houses in the villages are mostly abandoned🙄
Great video - also laughing out loud by the bag of milk comment - I live in a country where milk comes in bottles, cartons and bags. That's a thing why why why....
The average American house is getting larger. The average American vehicle is getting larger. It's hard to see a small car out in the West. Most of them are large SUV's which get lousy gas mileage. (The US consumes 44% of the world's gas/petrol.) I just don't understand how people with children continue to consume more each year and expect the world to "get better."
I think my current city is trying to move away from suburbia by installing condos in the mall’s old parking lot, but the amount of traffic and asphalt in the surrounding area makes it seem like it would be super visually unappealing to live there. The mall is active, but filled with chain stores that don’t provide good products, much less the necessities like groceries. I feel like a city that wants to put good use out of changing their zoning laws also needs to look at how to help and attract small businesses if they want to create popular neighborhoods.
Climate Change is Scam.
Not sure if anyone has told you by now but the bag of milk thing is really a thing in parts of Canada. Instantly when that guy said “bag of milk”, I knew he was Canadian
the bag of milk usually comes in another bag containing 3 bags of milk. you would put the bag of milk into a jug and cutting an opening on the end.... why did i do this ? ,... because thats how it was .
Don't forget as well walkable places exists outside of Europe and Asia! I live in Buenos Aires and I can go walking or in public transportation anywhere I want to, pubs, markets, malls, produces stores; anything you can imagine.
Great channel - thanks for all that you do!!
It's so frustrating. I literally  live about a ten minute walk from an active shopping center with grocery and other shopping and restuarants. But because of bare to no sidewalks and a major cross junction, it makes it absolutely  dangerous  to walk there. Also there are no bike lanes, so forcing car use.
5:50 when you enter a COD game chat lobby in the 360 era
I just got done watching an 8 hour long video about a canceled Nickelodeon sitcom I barely saw. I'll gladly watch a 20 minute video about an issue that actually impacts me (a disabled person who cannot drive)! ;)
waaay waay too much saturation in you colorgrading :+/
Suburbs: an effective way for Americans to distance themselves from crime and homelessness in inner cities. Because they have no reason to go there and most wouldn't be able to easily.  On a less comical note, America has a huge problem with homelessness and crime in big cities. And it needs to be dealt with first before people will want to live close to their neighbors or see more of them. People in the suburbs are worried about taking the subway in NYC because you'll get pushed into the tracks, or the break-ins happening to cars constantly in SF. It's unlikely you'll be able to get older folks to want to make their communities like those despite the large benefits and the fact that they are forced to drive for their independence (even though they're mostly terrible at it). It's that frightening to them.
Here from Tferg’s Walkability Internet Analysis video. As someone who also has what feels like a useless Public Administration degree, I stan the fuck out of you and this. And your humor has me rolling. Also an amazing amount of editing and time invested in this video. Quality content. Subbed immediately. 🙌👏👊 Edit: Actually, I just realized I was already subbed to this channel and didn’t realize it. 🤦‍♀️ I suck at life sometimes. I guess you earned a harder sub….turn it all the way up to 11.
Bag of milk.. lol!
Can you make a Spanish version of this and let all of Mexico see it? The government allows anyone to build a house anywhere which has lead to the nastiest urban sprawl I have seen in any country in the world. As a Mexican, it’s embarrassing.
"bag of milk": bad, 'milk bags': porn.
As someone who believes densification is part of the solution for climate change, I want to point out there are wrong and good ways to do it.  Where I live in Canada, we are currently experiencing a ''condo/small appartment epidemic'' which I would have nothing against if it was planned smart. Thing is, I believe they are only densifying to get more tax revenu because they do not care *at all* about adding more services like public transport, bike lanes, PARKS (yes parks because they turn the preexisting backyards into driveways assuming an average of 1 but often 2 vehicules per household) and resting areas to promote a more sustainable way of living and compensate for population growth.  Oh, and they cut down all the trees during construction... but it's ok, they put back tiny new ones after they're done! :)
You have shown every reason why I left Colorado, but relocated to Utah. Which is nothing more than Colorado before it became Colorado, Brother!
for my job I have to drive around all day long I have put 10,000 miles on my vehicle in 3 months because of these sprawling suburbs
Just ripples.  Big companies bought out railroads just to stop them, so the people would then turn to cars, which on dependent on oil. back back back in the day, Italians and Irish separately figured out that is they pushed black people further down, they would then look better in the eyes of housing and job "powers that be" .  When black people worked together and developed "black wall street", a racist went and destroyed it (physically using their plane).  I hate all systems, because of what I know, and what I still see. All of it is tied together and anchored deep in history.  We need a complete reversal of the systems that have been in place for generations.  I just don't see that happening, sadly.
I don't want to live in a closet and I don't want to eat Soylent Green for sustenance.
Those suburbs look BIIIG
i guess these guys have never watched gilmore girls. any gg fan knows the plural of cul de sac is CULS de sac
More people should watch this!!!
Too many people ..... Capitalism .....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ey1fDbStEXw&t=152s
City people think they're god's gift to humanity, constantly telling us in rural and suburban communities why our way of living pales in comparison to theirs.  They think overpaying for an apartment in the city makes them superior and it's annoying and hurtful.
Awesome vid dude! also liked your humor and editing
Houston's zoning bit my home town in the tush in 2017. My old neighborhood was flooded twice by the same storm. Yeah, Houston! Oh, and Houston has no parks. Seriously, it has zero open space, nothing for parks when compared to every other city in the world. Oh, and try going anywhere without a car in Houston. Ok, there is one neighborhood near Rice University where you may be able to walk to a grocery store. But, that is one neighborhood in a sprawling area of five million people.
Why aren't all buildings suitable for business AND living?  We leave commercial buildings empty all night, why not convert the dead space so employees can sleep over sometimes? It sucks that you have no choice but to commute and pay for a separate home. Wouldn't  need to build so many new houses. It sounds ludicrous, but its a net zero winner...
Yeah, but the problem with high density development here is that you now live in close proximity to other Americans.
idk on one hand, im a millennial who wants a house. on the other hand, if rent was affordable and things were walkable and clean... i'd be fine in a cozy apartment. having a car is so much hassle. insurance, traffic, parking, crashes, etc.
Neither you nor your friend were blinded by your antics because, evidently, you already were. I’m sorry, I needed the joke lol. Love your content
Stupid fucking suburbs made my teenage years suck so hard.
Culs-De-Sac like Rights-of-way
'Murica! (classic American band, The Who, plays)
Today I learned the 4th wall adds 10 seconds in editing.
I don’t understand why I lose my fucking mind anytime someone brings up Minnesota, In any way  It can’t just be cause I was born and raised here. It can’t
*"I'm from the streets. Remember where you came from* " turned into a Musical Celebration of Black Culture from Poor Neighborhoods that identified Culturally with being Poor and where the only likely way to rise out of that Poverty was Sports, Rap Music, or Drugs. This was amplified by a System in which Drugs were Criminalized to get Black People into the Prison System to educate them further into the System of Drug Culture. The Prison System and the Redlining System were working together to keep Black People Poor and Identify with a Culture that kept them Poor. Gangs formed because there was nothing else for young people to do but form tribes based on Drugs, Guns, and Territory. This was an elaborate system of systems that was set up by Rich White People to keep Black People in CHAINS despite having been freed by Abraham Lincoln. It worked, it's still working, and it needs to stop.
place looks like a Truman Show nightmare
Read, "the color of law" to understand part of the underlying  issue
Bagged milk is more environmentally friendly because it weighs less, thus taking less energy to transport. I for one am pro milk sack. However, I am not pro cows milk. Cows milk is bad for the environment compared to alternatives, and, of course, it is terrible for cows. Watch "Dairy is scary" if you're curious why.
Hey, actually we should take away peoples single family detached homes. Some things are more important then "personal choice." Like the planet literally becoming uninhabitable to humans and destroying literally all of human civilization. Idgaf about anyone's "freedom of choice" when that choice is to literally destroy the planet.
The sad thing is NOT ONE SINGLE congress-person, Democrat or Republican, is talking about Zoning Reform on a national level. Both just say, MORE OIL. I question whether local zoning has the power to make 'significant' change. Remember, most to all, local governments basically copy/paste from federal policies, word-for-word.
Didn't tell me anything I didn't already know, just made me angry. 10/10
I live in Israel. We have bags of milk, which one puts into a special holder. Quite convenient, actually.
As it turns out, you pronounce culs-de-sac the same as cul-de-sac. French has a lot of silent letters.
As a child I lived in this utopia , every hood had a mom n pop grocery and a tavern . But walking , I remember my mother trying to carry three bags of grocery's home from the bus stop in the rain.
books arent inherently boring 🥺
For a climate guy, I would hope that you would appreciate the reduced packaging of bags vs jugs. I don't remember where I encountered this but I remember there being a pitcher that fits the bag perfectly. Thanks for this video!
I was thinking to myself “I don’t need to subscribe to a climate YouTube channel, even if this guy is funny” and then you threatened us by flexing your taekwondo belt on us. please. I have a family.
My ears perked up, too, when he said Bag of Milk because ya, i remember that from Europe - even France and Germany had Milk in bags with utterly no explanation
Why do you have to bring race into it? Oh right, the extensive racism in American history that shaped our country into its current state today.
Here in the suburbs of Lost Wages,  Nevada,  a market might be just yards behind your house... But with the Trump type walls surrounding a housing complex, it's not practical walking many many blocks to get around the development.  Not pedestrian friendly, not cycling friendly... No aspects of a village.
Um just maybe some ppl do not want too be stacked upon another? The next best thing is rural. So explain your stance since I have already
I get your point, but is an oversimplification of the issue at large. The kind of high density neighaborhoods you are describing are very expensive. The other issue I have seen in my own state with high density housing. The state decrees who can live in those buildings or the slum lords that buy and build these units. End up taking advantage of the poor by adding all these bs fees to live there. To make up for the effenicy pricing of the units.  Worse yet there is plenty of rowhomes available in the city near me. The issue is they are in very bad neighaborhoods and no one wants to buy them. They end up become vacient blocks then some land developer buys the area up. Drives all the poor people out an gentrifies the hell out of it.
Bags > cartons. What's next, you americans are gonna tell me you have cartons of toothpaste?   Please don't tell me you have cartons of toothpaste.
They don't suck. Depending on the City, they are nice, comfortable to live in and own. The neighborhoods aren't crowded with people. I watched old movies where they show what the proposed Agenda 2030 cramped into a multi-occupancy city building living was like. If you still think CO2 is causing "global warming", now veered over to "climate change", because it is Not warming. Sea level rise is about 2mm/year as it has been for centuries. Then you are pushing an agenda to ruin the US and it's people. By depriving the US and people from all around the world of Energy.
I live in a walkable town. Kind of. I can walk to a lot of things, restaurants, hospital, small businesses, movie theater. But in order to get groceries, I have to drive. The closest grocery store is 3 miles away. And public transportation is scarce. I’d love to be able to take a bus or trolley to the grocery store and to work. And although I love my house, I would actually prefer a townhouse or apartment where I didn’t have to mow a damn lawn or remove snow in the winter! I’d be perfectly happy to have a neighborhood park to go to. Americans have been brainwashed into thinking we need to have a single family detached home and a yard. And we need to drive a car everywhere. All so that the oil companies could make more money.  Growing up, I lived in a small (4 unit) apartment house, then a two unit apartment that was an old manor house that was split up into apartments, then a duplex. Then, my family skipped right over the suburbs and built a house in the country on a dirt road! 🤣 After I left home, I lived in Navy barracks, college dorms, and various apartments and townhouses/condos.  I hope that Americans will change their minds and start transitioning into more concentrated areas, which are walkable and diverse. Soon!
I’ve always hated suburbs.
Thanks the knowledge my man!! Much appreciation from Loveland
Good job promoting the great re set... You will own nothing and be happy.  Renting is not owning... Mortgages tend to be less than rent and you have tax deductions and when you pay off the mortgage you own it.  Apartment and condo renters have less space, freedom, and rents rise.
Just a quick comment to say that milk bags may not be so stackable but you can throw the closed ones in the fridge no problem and open both upper tips and put it in a jug. Boom, usability achieved.
A lot of time wasted on trying to be funny and clever.  Good content. Great point.  But delivered like a 5 year old with too much access to clips and bad attempts at comedy and trying to act cool
Also the algorithm brought this video to me after having been subbed to City beautiful and NJB for awhile, might sub here too!
Commenting for the algorithm, down with multi-use bans!
As someone who finds zoning laws and people's opinions on it to be very interesting, I'm always disappointed to see when a video covering the topic is only 20 minutes instead of 2 hours
Having lived in an apartment for decades and then moving back to the suburbs, I can tell you that yes, people prefer single family homes.  Being stacked in chicken cages is fine when you are young and poor, but raising kids in them is awful.  Having neighbors share walls above, below, and on both sides wears on you over time.  Having your own roof with your own outdoor space, especially for kids, is much preferable.  Imagine you and your buddy chasing each other with BB guns inside your 2 bedroom apartment as your mom screams at you, and you cannot go outside because there's no green space in your complex.  My suburb has 2 grocery stores, several restaurants, pharmacies, and retail outlets within a 20 minute walking radius.
This guy!!! I remember him from the video thing.
If you liked this, you should also check out a channel called Eco Gecko. He talks about the problems of suburbs in depth.
I'm in an apartment right now and the walls are so thin I can hear full on conversations
Cogent points on racism hard wired into the New Deal. Your argument that suburbs are bleeding the economy dry is a fail. In New York and New Jersey the suburban taxpayers subsidize the cities. Mass transit systems are heavily unionized and managers are political appointees -inefficiency, waste, and corruption are abundant. The true cost of each ride is hidden from users. Again, paid for by property and income taxes that are charged statewide, not just in the locations served by mass transit. With density comes higher operating costs and much higher crime rates.
Would love a walkable city with affordable apts until you get an asshole with a subwoofer and never shuts off their fucking music.
So that's why their complaining about putting more nuclear power plants online.🤔
Always have to bring race and class into it
Suburbs are popular because they are safe, with good schools and space. If you want to live in urban areas like Philadelphia and Baltimore then please do.
Funny how now people of color are told not to make everything about race when literally entire cities are zoned and built and laws are written and policies are created that are about race since FOREVER AGO and still continues.
Very informative, entertaining, and simultaneously depressing video
Im glad over here in the chicago suburbs and surrounding countys theres shitloads of affordable large apartment complexes. Where i grew up in the northwest suburbs i swear there was a large apartment complex around every corner. Its so expensive to live in the city limits of chicago these days compared to a close suburb its ridiculous. My favorite spot i had was in arlington heights. 1 bedroom 1 bath kitchen n living room for 800\month including utilities and its close to the blueline. I enjoyed growing up in the elgin\hanoverpark area when i was younger. Lots of bussinesses in walking distance and the neighborhoods were pretty mixed atleast alot more mixed compared to city neighborhoods. Every other home was legit a mexican family and we got a good amount of black people flowing in in the early 2000s coming from the city when they were tearing the projects down and they switched to the section 8 vouchers. I actually liked that they made alot of section 8 houses availible in the chicago suburbs. Its a highly useful service for everybody. I havent had much experience outside of the chicago suburbs and surrounding countys suburbs let alone suburbs super far out from major citys but at that point i think theyre just considered rural areas anyways. Im sure other major citys around the u.s. are alot different too. Def right about the public transportation tho. Unless youre in one of the suburbs within 15-20 minute drive of the city limits youre prob boned for a bus route or cta line that goes into the city. But theyre pretty good with the metra lines\stations that go through the surrounding suburbs. The metra lines go out pretty far. Like an hour from+ from downtown. But as far getting to specific areas inside the suburbs its hard to find a good suburban bus route sometimes depending on the area you want to get to.
Euclid, Ohio didn’t want Chicago factories expanding into their town??? Wow, Chicago expansion was truly out of hand!
Loved the goose extra's. Hope you paid them well 😅   Also interesting to see history from such a different perspective and a bit shocking to learn the zoning has its base in racism and is still around today.
More people, especially Americans, needs to hear about this. Hopefully in the future, more people would favor pedestrian-centered cities and see how it will drastically improve their quality of life.
If milk in a bag amazed you look up in soda in a bag.
I don't think the root problem is zoning laws. It's the profit motive of the big-C. When a living requirement like housing isn't a right but instead a way to perpetually increase profits (for developers, property owners, local governments...), the priority isn't going to be what's best for the people and the sustaining ecosystem. It's going to be what lobbyists and their government buddies want.
kind of explains Why Amazon and delivery of takeaway food has taken off, doesn't it?
you dont even have children, why would u care about the climate, if not for your inability to own a car and detatched house. pathetic
to compare the tiny netherlands with america is moronically absurd and a fruitless mental exercise
imagine going into debt to join an ideological cult that no one with money gives a fuck about lol
You aren't going to get Americans to consume less energy. The only solution to climate change is nuclear power. Everything else is just rearranging chairs on the deck of Titanic.
“Yeah I also heard him say “bag of milk.” I lost it 😂😂
just imagine that we don't only have bags of milk but a plastic item designed for the sole purpose to hold the bag of milk upright in the fridge once you cut it open so it won't spill. you are not truly eastern european if you don't have one of those in your household.
If I worked hard to afford a hone in a single family home neighborhood, why should  I support multi-family/multi-use zoning changes?  Go build al of that in desert or former farmland.
This was a very informative, engaging, and fun video! Great stuff!
So single family housing isn't the answer but apartments aren't either. Rental homes are way too expensive too.
High density housing is nice with the benefits and all, however you can't exactly boot up a 2,000 degree furnace and start smithing metal in an apartment where the walls are made of literal cardboard.
Came here to learn. Laughed as well. Great content 😂
Walkable neighborhoods are great. Not being able to do what I want with my living space because it's a multi-family property not owned by me is a major buzzkill. Where's the mid-point between those two things for someone like me that's still better for the environment?
Yes single family zoning gives people who don't wish to live in overcrowded locations an option, see crowded places like where I live in NYC, where it's overcrowded and a shit hole, everyone who grew up with me here agrees, it sounds like you don't have standards and you want humans to live like animals, what a miserable life you'd like for people to have, very sad, life doesn't have to be that systematic.
What I love the most is the bad flute sound effect overlaid on the sprawl footage.  It’s a delight.  I do what I can to promote an environmental message and to live it but I’m (very) worried about the slow rate this is being acknowledged and activated into law by political powers.  We must amplify before climate disaster does it for us!
Leave all that prosperous land for the rich! Renting a shoebox in the big city is the only way to insure all the wealth stays with the wealthy.
... that 'Penny's burn stung.  What's ur take on "Commie Blocks"?
No, bag of milk is better. You stick it in a pitcher and reduce plastic consumption. Bag of milk is winner.
Sounds like we need a good deadly disease to purge the population.
First time viewer, your sense of humour cracks me up and the 20 minute "long"  video went by in a snap because of how entertaining it was. Thanks a bunch, subscribed!
Great video but couldn’t finish it cause of all the editing
Stop shilling for the UN. It's disgusting.
ur videos deserve millions of views each smh!!!!!
I wish we had those European style low rise buildings with courtyards in the middle.
Honestly the single family housing problem is a bit more complicated. Here in Norway we have the same regulations but municipal government can give grants to develop closer. The problem is that the private contractors are incredibly greedy and there’s either the choice “one lot, one family” or “one lot, four families” and since local government can’t enforce a compromise (one lot, two families) etc the government gets blasted because they’re not developing enough houses.
We have huge houses here on postage stamp size lots. It looks like prison to me. Adding to the prison look is everything is boring beige, battleship grey and clinical depression white.
Great video. Do you interview ppl for the videos you make? Yr research and presentation are spot on. Helps me understand how to explain ‘redlining’.   Our country is progressing in terms of housing discrimination, but segregation-by-ZIP code is still an obstacle to many thousands of families in America.
Purefection
"Books! - Got 'em!" Ouch.
Sustainable design. Socialism at its finest. We should look like china better right? This is warmed over UN bullshit. Just say what you mean.
The reason why Town Hall meetings are filled with old people are that they are the only ones not busy working.
Better solution? Less people.
I am here to dislike .. gfy
Thank you especially for telling people to YES PLEASE go to zoning meetings!! If you are not a racist!
Thanks for this informative vid - just wanted to say how the racist use of zoning continues in the counties around Philadelphia. And one more important contributing factors to racist suburbs = the WWII GI Bill included low interest mortgages ONLY for white veterans (yep seriously) and ONLY if they bought new houses - ostensibly to "build economy" with construction trades money, this destroyed city neighborhoods where people WANTED to stay
I adore mixed use livibility but I was forced by my pandemic paranoia to run from NYC to live in suburban low environmental efficient housing in suburban New England!And yet I am for more oil drilling in more places!
15:13 what an incredible transition^^
Aren't these high density areas super expensive to live in?
Eh, the only way to solve the problem is by not having more children...you want a better future...stop having kids.
Bagged milk goes into a milk crate which is stackable.  Then the milk crate is ziptyed to your rear bike rack.
Dang dude - only some into this, but hoo boy that’s a sweet coat!  Edit: This video fuggin rules, brother! Great tag-team!
Great info! Any chance you can stop with the volume blowing up and downs? Or I guess people's attention spans are to far gone?????
HOLY SHIT. Single Family Zoning is the single *MOST* annoying and irritating code regulation that exists.   Here in Chicago the number of formerly legal housing units in existing multifamily homes is STAGGERING and the city for some reason LOVES to de-legalize units whenever they get the chance. It's insane.   Not only does this hurt business owners who are trying to make enough money to justify ownership of such buildings, but the deficit in housing space drives up cost of living everywhere.   And why do we do this? Well, I'm guessing it's because "OH NO, density!" As well as pricing out minorities, and because we're trying to... keep a suburban feel in a *giant hyperurban city?* Yeah it makes zero sense.   This is why recently the Chicago city council has been trying to do this ADU ordinance in an effort to revert many of these former legal living spaces back to legal living space. But of course, with rent control, rent ceilings, and plenty of other ways to control landlords every which way than they did before. And they haven't even succeeded in passing the ordinance city wide beyond "pilot areas" and the process for getting these ADUs certified is arduous. In the meantime, the city is still going around and classifying obvious multifamily homes as single family, and then making these landlords have to go to court and present proof that the new zoning is incorrect... I mean this isn't the only way they pull shit like that either. Another city favorite is to change the zoning or number of legal units unbeknownst to owners during sale tie transfer, or even more common, when an owner is taking out a permit to make changes or fix something (yet another draconian requirement).   America's zoning laws and politicians are so fucking frustrating. I know and appreciate what we have here, but I'm still gonna be frustrated at obvious inefficiencies, obvious money grabs, racist policies, and nonsense regulations. When will people have had enough? I don't even know how deep the roots of this issue are but I just got so enraged by this crap.... It's not even funny.
I enjoy S. Korea living, air pollution sucks though. I can't wait to have my own yard with some permaculture though, shits getting too expensive.
Hey look, it's literally every housing development in Colorado! Wow  Edit: oh yeah and then you're standing in Denver. This all makes more sense.
I hate the suburbs, it's an hoa nightmare where you can hear your neighbors dog every morning.  Not as bad as living in an apartment building where another tenants insect problems will always become your own q few times a year.
Reject the suburb/city, embrace the farming village
oh hey I live in the city of golden
It was obvious in the 1970’s that single family houses were “dinosaurs”.  At that time I took to designing passive solar homes for self sufficient living.  Unfortunately the woman I fell in love w/ wanted “leave it to beaver” living.  It’s difficult to make change & not sacrifice one’s life.
Gonna go to a zoning meeting with my boyfriend. Was sad to hear you aren't my daddy 🥺
I was incredibly fortunate to grow up in the 'burbs.  Great friends, great schools, the right amount of privacy, no car crashes, no police sirens, no civil uprisings, no gangs, no homeless.  Thank goodness we able to raise our own children in the same type of environment.  Greatly hope our grandchildren have the same opportunity.  As for commuting...my wife commutes across the hall to her office and I descend the stairs to my lab.  Can't tell you how much we don't want neighbors above us, below us, or across a wall from us!  My wife and I did that the first year we were married.  We want nothing to do with it ever again.
What's needed are responses to all the arguments for R1 zoning, such as other types of housing lowering the values of the nearby single family homes.  The latter seems like nonsense looking at local house values, but people on neighborhood forums point to supposed studies showing this.  There is a lot of resistance and fear around changing R1.  A lot of people view it as assurance of their quality of life and of their biggest investment, even when it's a confining trap when they can no longer drive.
If someone honestly enjoys high-density housing, awesome do your thing.  For those of us that despise sharing a wall with a jackass neighbor or hearing every domestic dispute within a 1000 foot radius of our kitchen, suburban single family houses are ideal.  If the zoning laws weren't in place to force developers to create single family houses, none of them would.  High-density anthill complexes are more profitable and cheaper to build, and if developers were able to that's all they would build and people that want a separated residence would not be able to live how they want.   I'm don't want legislation that explicitly prevents developers from building high-density housing because I understand there are people that enjoy that type of living.  I just don't want developers to be allowed to only build high-density complexes, because they would if they could.
1:30 Yes, I look down and say those exact same 7 words every day...
When re-watching this video I noticed that "Plural cul-de-sacs" is highlighted. XD
Unfortunately, they're not going away
Apartment and condo living BLOWS
I've been saying this for years but boomers like my dad want their privacy even if it costs a fortune. Also apartment rents are expensive too right now I wish I could move back to Colorado.
You're like a decaffeinated Up Is Not Jump, and I mean that in the best possible way.  Also, my father in law grew up and went to school directly below a smelter, and thinks everyone should do it, since he turned out fine. -.-
Grew up in Lakewood too. I've been raving about the infill project of Belmar for a minute. I really think its one of the strategies to address the sprawled burbs of most US cities. Write your mayor, counsel person and go to a planning meeting people! Especially if you're young, changes to zoning and the urban fabric take time, like 5+ years (still waiting on a two way bike lane on South Broadway in Denver to be complete).
Rollie, I've said this to 'not just bikes' as well - single family housing is THE best way to live.  All the flaws you point out with suburbia are spot on. But it doesn't change the fact that if I have a choice, I will choose single family living every time.  Why?  Between my wife and I, we have 8 bicycles.  A motorcycle.  Two cars.  We need a garage, and you can't have than in an apartment building.  We also really like having a yard.  We like not having anyone live above/below/beside us.  AND we need our cars to do the things we like to do.  My parents are a six hour drive away - I'm not taking a bus to go see them.   We like to take our bikes to the mountains, and to distant event, again, taking the subway is not an option.  Point being, even if we did live in an apartment, we'd still need our cars.  Oh, and for you know, TO GET TO WORK.  (Actually, we both work close together and car pool.  It's a 15 mintue trip by bike/bus/car.  We still drive.  Why, because my work requires me to drive to jobsites - again, the bus/bike won't work).  You and NJB seam to think the magic bullet is 'high density housing'.  Well, high density housing sucks.  In college I lived in a frat, a dorm, and an apartment.  So I know what that lifestyle is.  You can't crank your music.  You have to listen to other people thumping around.  There's no place to put all your stuff.  You don't have a backyard.   - I'm not trying to shit on your parade, as I too think sprawl will be the death of us.  But you have to focus on finding solutions that make single family living the prominent form of living.  Zoning is the answer.  But you can't just say "change all zoing so we have to build the netherlands everywhere".  The key to making zoning work to have the right mix of "travel time".  By that I mean every single family house should be within walking distance (5 blocks) to at least a couple commerical locations (restuarant, business, shop) so that "x" percentage of trips can be done on foot/by bike.  This way at least some of people trips are walkable/bikeable.  And because you now have all these little commercial pods spread throughout the city, another "x" percentage of trips are short trips (5 minutes by car).  This minimizes traffic.  If done right, 80% of all a person's weekly needs can be done by walking/bike/5-minute car rides.   (And in this mix there will be 'some' high density living - duplex's, apartments, mix-used, etc.  But they'll be secondary...)
If America is such a lousy place to live why have millions immigrated to the US?  Hmmm?  How about, it is a better place to live than their former country.  Yes there have been sins of the past. But unlike so many countries the US we do evolve.
You live in your cramped, crowded, crime-riddled, noisy, rude, filthy, expensive city, and I'll live in my peaceful, quiet, clean, inexpensive, polite suburb, and we can both be happy.
I lived in Switzerland in the early 1990's and rode a bike to the train station and took a train to Zurich and then walked to where I worked and went to school. And at the end of the day, while biking back home from the train station I would stop and pick up any food or other items I needed from the local merchants.  After growing up in Detroit in the 1970's, it was an eye opening change of lifestyle and I still carry on a lot of the habits I developed back then like walking to get groceries, riding a bike to go places and other things. The money I've saved over the years is remarkable.
Stop with your climate hoax, the gig is up
When will the US. wake up?
its a disgrace
Too funny. lol
Suburbs rule, big cities drool.  Stick your far lefty, high crime, soft-policing, high homelessness where the sun don't shine.  We'll take our Republican or moderate Democrat leaders out here in the burbs, thank you.
We just need less people
For a Bag-of-Milk you buy a Pitcher-for-a-Bag-of-Milk. Less waste, lower cost, fresh milk.
This guy fuqs
I live in a the burbs. I love it. But we have townhomes, a restaurant and use to have a grocery store in the neighborhood. A ton of mountain biking, hiking, and things to do that don’t require me to spend money to have fun. Not getting in a car when I want to exercise outside is way better for me.
Bag of milk if , by far, better. It use far less ressources, a thin sheet of plastic, and you simply put your bag in a reusable plastic container. When close, the milk in the bag stay fresh FAR longer. It 's sold 4 litter at a time, containing 3 bag of milk and cost a lot less per litter than other alternative. The whole world is insane to ignore those benefits.
There is no environmental problem that cannot be solved by having 6 billion fewer humans. (And no, for all you murderous humans, this requires ZERO killing of any lives, no matter how much humans love death. If you think it does, please review your death brain. Thanks!)  Many human to human issues would also be solved. Humans do really dislike other humans - look at all the wars, refugee and migration issues. All would be mitigated by many fewer humans on Earth.
Watching this at work before sitting in soul-crushing traffic for 1.5 hours
I subscribed the second you voiced my exact thoughts when I heard the words “bag of milk”.
Globalist propagandist
I have lived in apartments long enough. I will enjoy my SFH while I can until Black Rock buys them all up.   Interesting how this starts showing up on my feed as well as many "sell your home to us for big money!" Commercials show up....
I'm from Europe the furthest away a grocery store has been from where I lived is a 10 min walk. That was the exception and seemed really inconvenient at the time. Can't imagine needing to drive to buy groceries every single time.
LOL.  What reliable source is showing the US will increase its population by 100 million people in the next thirty years?  Millennials  are not having children. Are the 70 year old Boomers still popping out kids?  Hard to believe anything you say when you throw out such an inflated stat in the first minute.
Just discovered this channel and I LOVE it. Great work.
Great video, I would also argue that dense cities are also the other problematic equation! Urban economics find that all else equal, residents often choose denser, more walkable neighborhoods. Poor planning in dense cities that do not build more housing is the critical push factor that encourages people to move to suburbs. I would recommend anyone who wants to dive deeper into urbanism to read Triumph of the City by Edward Glaeser.
hahaha! The “bag of milk” bit was hilarious! Thanks for the laugh, and extremely informative video!
10:31 Interisting, I always thought a cube had 6 sides. 7, If it's not a flat roof.
But if the politicians got rid of R1 zoning how would they get all of the bribes from developers and the auto industry?
Cities suck. They are dirty and crowded. I’ll keep my suburbs
As someone who grew up in an inner city.... Ill pass.
Kinda ironic how housing is meant to be constructed for families but kids are expected to move out at 18:/
The editing on this is so awesome! First time viewer! I dig it.
buying a bag of milk?!!??!?!
We can’t do anything about climate change Whats the point even if America had a zero carbon footprint literally every other country in the world is still polluting 1000x more
Climate clown
Massive, unwanted, unvoted on, taxpayer subsidized 3rd world immigration is literally bleeding america dry.
Are really going to grow by 100 million. I thought no one was having kids.
Yes. I want to model my neighborhood after California Oregon and New York. Lmmfao
This is not just American problem unfortunately. In Western Australia where I live, the urban sprawl here is almost out of control and the public transport is not good enough. And each time there is  a new apartment proposal, a lot of the locals will go Not in My Backyard! I envy places like Tokyo with their walkable suburbs and excellent public transport.
You're a shame to the greatness of your ppl.
Where can I buy a “bag of milk”?
You are not vegan! Meat production causes 20% of all greenhouse gases in the world. Why don't you make changes that you can, instead of complaining about how the system is broken. I also wish for the system to get better, but I make changes in my lifestyle that deliver results instantly.
fear not, bags of milk, have been phased out. :P
ok i see now, i looked it up. plastic bags use less plastic, than making a jug does, so a bag of milk was, a bit cheaper, and the store, liked it that way. its been many years, since, i have even seen a bag tho.
most places in canada, dont use bags of milk any more. i forget why we have it in the first place. i recall there was a picher, that was shaped for the bag of milk and every one had one. this was decades ago tho.
I grew up with milk in a bag.  Here in America.
Population isn't actually expanding though. Birth rates have been dropping dramatically since the 2008 financial crisis
I bet a lot of those houses will sit empty because most of us can't afford a house like that.
If you can get that date they're a keeper.
I mean i know urbanist areas are just better for everyone but i hate noise so much, and voices of people i'm not talking to are the worst for me so, yeah. Unforunate for me, but. whatever
I went to El Salvador and they had bags of water and soda
CLIMATE CLOWN you mean
The video is long because the problem is complicated.
@ 0:36 "In the next thirty years, America's population is expected to expand by a hundred million."   News Flash: That out-of-date "expectation" has not been considered credible for years, mainly due to declining birth rates.
Great video!
13:30 uh, what????? did you miss the last two years...ask Montana. ask Tennessee. ask rural Texas. the liberals that wrecked their towns are moving OUT of their sh!tholes.  and better for your health??? bad schools, corrupt government, murder / violent crime stats skyrocket rates and street poop....if you google research you'll see cities used to be bad (10+ years ago), but NOW the left is now telling us needle filled streets and violence are GOOD for you. AS THEY ALL MOVE AWAY FROM POOP TOWNS TO RURAL CO AND MT.
8:40 its ALL the racismistserwargobble!!!!!! except... that darn math.... in 1920 90% of the USA was white. heck, even in 1980 it was 80% white. could a liberal city be racist, yes....see Chicago for an example when they libs closed chicagos north side for non-whites. but the exception is NEVER the rule.   zoning bias, like most issues we deal with, has to do with RICH AND POOR (or educated or not..blue collar/white collar). race IS ALMOST ALWAYS irrelevant.
I would happily exchange my house for an 800 square foot rowhouse in an urban neighborhood and exchange my BMW for a free bus pass.
Montreal here. Shocked that single family zoning exists. Unbelievably unsustainable. Montreal is an island. You can’t expand forever. To me it’s just my city but apparently we r an efficient city
As someone forced to live in mixed zones my whole life I have to say they really suck. You have to live in small ass apartments, or build your own house and it is noisy as fuck, as you live right next to a main street or avenue of the place you live.
As a Brazilian, I have to say, milk bags are the bane of anyone's existence
If your fear is the climate than you have nothing to fear. Sin is much more dangerous.  Our choices to do sin can kill faster than anything else we get to choose. If the earth warms up that would open up all those ice lands for more suburbs,  sounds good to me.
Wow. Begging for smaller worse houses. How pathetic our generation is
Alot of lots near LA are being built. The problem that I have is that from my knowledge you cant own your home and it is all for lease.  My parents own their home. To my parents that is them passing down generational wealth in one generation. Also living in apartments fucking sucks.
I disliked because of the obnoxious desperation of you trying and failing to be funny or clever. It's good content. Stop sabotaging it.
Don't you dare besmirch the mighty bagged milk!
I wish I could stop laughing so that I can get through this damn video. Your humor, including the self referential type, is top notch.
Watching books would definitely be boring.
At every big city planning meeting, some great planning 'see-er', gives a speech on 'the coming great move back to the cities', hasn't happened yet and I've been watching for over 70 years.  I think the same guys were forecasting the end of the automobile back in the 1920s.
Folks make a decision regarding housing and many choose to live in a detached single family house, since this is a rather expensive alternative you have to assume that other alternatives were considered and rejected.  Soviet planners preferred middle rise apartment buildings but most of the soviet bigwigs seem to choose to live in detached dachas, the soviet equivalent of a micmanshion.  the problem that I see is that nobody is building smaller homes smaller than say 1800 sq ft,  homes this size can fit on smaller lots, cost less to heat.  Neighborhoods that have such homes see them bought, torn down, and replaced by much larger homes.  The real problem you need to deal with is cities, their governments.  Most folks don't want to live in one, why?  Ok, the scrools suck, the average city high school graduates kids who can barely read at the elementary school level, fix that and it ain't a money thing, my school district that does graduate smart kids spends way less than neighboring cities. next, crime, people are shooting one another, hey, here most of us own guns but we don't shoot each other, wonder why.  Lastly, the cities are falling apart, tax money that should be fixing things up is spent on other things, we known not what.
Brother…..
The hellscape that is Urban Sprawling
I admire your passion and you do have good, interesting ideas on future community management in the building space. But the crux of your arguement may be based on a false premise about racism. You assume that most Americans aren't racist and don't want to be racist. Most people get that from watching TV and movies. The truth is that the overwhelming majority of people of every color in American are racist. It is also probably a mistake to assume that Americans can walk back our social evolution before disaster strikes. While rich white people and their scions stopped having big families, people of color have not. At the same time, white people have been guilted into opening the flood gates of America to people of color, and thier diverse, disparate and incompatable cultures. And indications are that people of color, with their growing influence, rather than exorcise racism to the benefit of all people, are themselves playing the race card to their advantage, ostensibly only to some point in the future where we are all "equal." Hmmmm . . .But i'm pretty sure that white people have no intention of moving into the ethnic neighborhoods, no matter how nice it looks, nor vice versa. In fact they plan on moving to more whiter areas, even internationally. As an open-minded observer, that is what I am seeing. You would probably have a larger audience and sounder ideas, if that truth were addressed.
I think a lot of the problem to is that the cost of sprawl aren't being paid by the people who should.  My town has a mix of condo,apts,townhouse,house on small lot and house on big lots.  it seem everyone pays about the same for property tax and sewer.  people in the lower density neighborhoods should be paying a lot more than in the denser areas.
Someone didn't watch Gilmore Girls
so basically america is racist and has corrupt industries that lobby to keep life shitty for people lol who would have thunk
Climate change? Hahaha! You're right we never had tornadoes in Oklahoma until climate change.
Just found this channel, top notch stuff.
I would LOVE to live in an apartment or even townhouse but they are never accessible! Or if they are accessible, they're extremely expensive. Add on a mold allergy and noise sensitivity, and I can't live anywhere that isn't a stand-alone single family house.
Y'all are awesome.
Actually, the world population is dropping. Its why we are having supply problems, there are more jobs than people to fill them. Even if we got people to switch jobs and off of wellfair, it still wouldnt be enough
I loved the hulk hogan randomly, love you, and love nuclear. - an engineer
Is this Utah? It looks like Utah urban hellscape
The Domain in Austin is somewhat walkable and very overpriced. Some of their high rises really suck for walking as a visitor. Who’s idea was it to force visitors to walk over 1/4 mile to get to certain units that are in some awkward spot that has to be very far from the stairs and elevators. I do way more walking inside of a building than I do walking around the block in that area.
Racism seems to be the seculars religions ultimate sin. You had to bring it up as if its relevant when it's not. Racism for you people seem to be the ultimate sin that is the reason everything wrong in the world.
The answer is to stop immigration. What elitist bunch are you with?
Came back to watch again, after finding out that there was a prequel on Not Just Bikes channel. Cracked up just as hard at the incredible humor. Combining humor with information to make important-but-boring topics palatable is honestly very important work. Keep it up!
What's "a bag of milk?"
I thought that plot in you-me-her where there's a whole drama because they painted the door a different colour was pure fiction, but I see is not
Your argument hides the cost of concrete production in multiple storey buildings, which has a huge carbon footprint compared to timber frame.
In ontario they sell bags of milk. It's a small size so great for just 1 person (like me), and typically you keep the bag in a little special pitcher and just cut one of the ends of the bag. It uses less plastic so I'm pretty darn ok with it.
the builders want money to build these houses, the property owners want to make money, the banks want to give out loans, the city wants to make roads, the oil and gas companies want to sell everyone oil.. too many people dependent on this corrupt system to end it
Live in the pod! Eat the bugs! Embrace city life!   Uh...no. Not going to be guilted into putting my kids into shitty, "high density," housing by someone who didn't get passed the, "God the suburbs are so booooring," stage of development.
I used to work with bags of milk at the dormitory cafeteria at UMich.  It had a nozzle and you just turned it upside down in the dispenser machine and unplugged it for the students to use.  Bags of milk are a thing.  But when you said it, it did stop me in my tracks.
I would like to point out that a good chunk of this video was filmed in my old neighborhood… atleast it looks like it but then yet it looks like half the west side of the metro area
I too double-take whenever I hear someone mention a bag of milk. Like...What!? Why is it in a Bag?
most countries use bag of milk and the ones you see in canada are unbelievable/staged photos of milk bags that would never actually be sold
Get out of the big cities.
House>Apartment Dense urban environments are the worst.
It all comes down to usury/commodity currency. Think about it: profit over anything else. It's designed that way. If you want sustainable change, use a currency type that values that. Get back to me of you want to know more.
Great video except every single young person I have met who just got married or had a baby, their dream is to buy their first single family home.  It's the "logical" step challenged by no one.  Not a  single one has ever said that moving into the city closer to work is a good idea. That is what they think OTHER people should do.  But now that we have a baby, of course a single family home is the only option in their minds.  Talking about Millennials and Gen Z here who are supposed to be more enlightened.
This video is awesome and your editing is great. Subscribed!
A bag?! Of Course! And here I've been trying to stack my milk on a tray...
What's the name of the meme flute at the beginning?
Overall, good video with lots of good and interesting food for thought.  I do have a couple of thoughts to add, though.  I was involved in a case where some developers wanted to rezone some residential lots, but it wasn't because they wanted to make the neighborhood more livable or walkable.  Rather, they wanted to make the stroad more stroady.  Point being, the problem is clearly deeper than just zoning.  Second, I take exception to your portrayal of elderly people showing up to these meetings.  It's rather ageist.  They have a right to their opinions and they have a right to express their opinions.  Rather than mocking them for having a different opinion, we should listen to and address their concerns.  Also, it is not the fault of old people that young people aren't showing up to these meetings.
Bayg of milk?
I live in a small "ranch" style home (single floor with finished basement) that I purchased after many years of renting.  My push out of an apartment to renting a house to eventually buying a house mostly had to do with my desire to have a home recording studio.  If it weren't for that, I would probably be fine living in an apartment.  I'm a drummer, and not having in-home access to be loud on my drum kit whenever I want sucks.  I lived in an apartment for about 5 years while also renting a rehearsal space for my music gear, and it was very difficult to get any kind of good recording done, not to mention there was no internet access at the rehearsal space so streaming was completely out of the question.  Drumming is just one example of something that is difficult / impossible to do in shared housing.  There are obviously a ton of reasons why single family homes suck that are detailed very well in this video.  The whole NIMBY aspect is infuriating, and I absolutely would not care if things that weren't single family homes were built in my neighborhood.  I just need a detached home in my case because the things I love to do are incompatible with living in a shared space.
I knew you were in denver from the suburbs you were standing in in the intro lol. Good ol home sweet home lol
well, I used to want to move out of my apartment into a house... I have changed my mind.
Your videos should be shown in Congress. Seriously.. (and should be mandatory viewing for lawmakers). Such folk seem woefully unaware of how destiny is going to take its course, brother.
Great work sir! Awesome video!
Hey now, while a cardboard box of milk might be more sustainable than a bag of milk, the bag is at least a little better than the plastic jugs of milk that are so common. The bags fit in a "milk crate" which are stackable! Also, nobody uses the bag of milk by itself - obviously - it fits in to a reusable holder that keeps it vertical.
Love that his from Colorado
You should be saying the n word bro
Thumbs up for the obvious "Last Week Tonight" video style of humor, but if you got rid of the **HILARIOUS** joke clips you insert after nearly every point you make your videos would be about half as long. Just a thought. ;)
As someone with the same degree as you but from Canada. Im surpized youve never heard of bag milk vs jug milk :)
Single family zoning is a thing of the past out here in California. That’s good, and bad.
I live in the UK, and recently moved into a three-bedroomed flat (apartment) with my husband and son, right next to the main town. I can honestly say it's the best thing I ever did; everything we need is well within walking distance, yet the flat itself looks over a small stream and woodland area at the back. As someone who doesn't drive, this is a godsend to me. If I need to carry three bags of shopping home on my own, I know the walk back is less than three minutes and along a flat road with wide pavements and ample safe crossing places, so it's perfectly doable. If our family wants to eat out, whether during the day or late in the evening, again, it's a short stroll into the town, and there are two beautiful parks to visit within fifteen minutes walk away, along with gyms, a cinema, a theatre, a library, a museum... and of course there are well-maintained bus and train services, again within a short walk, to travel to other areas further out.  I've never understood the appeal of those sprawling suburbs in the middle of nowhere; sure, you get your own, detached house and garden, but for me, they'd start to feel like my own personal prison if that's literally all there was within walking distance.
Not to mention the redlining mortgage practice that prevented any necessary investments into well developing "slums" in hte US. Some slums could use their savings to make these necessary investments others got wiped out completely and replaced by horribly planned social housing without proper damage payment for former business owners and residents.   I'm doing my master in urban planning in Germany and currently I read "Life and Death of Great American Cities" by Jane Jacobs. Excellent and very very current book. Although it's from the 1960s. Jane Jacobs was a genius. :)
I love these videos so much!
I like you guys.
Less than a minute into it and I feel at home where I'm actually at.. Edmonton. Alberta.... Like I don't see a lot of nature or the beauty of it when you're above Yellowhead hwy (I'm not racist thats what the hwy is called) and even if you did leave Edmonton from any point of exit from Anthony Henday highway, is flat barren acres with trees on the sides of them and its in swamp land for half of the northern half of AB.
No more old people in decision making positions!!  They're not going to be around long, F them
!6:16 would be an amazinmg neighboorhood to live in long as their is a nearby park or quiter neighboorhood easy to walk to
buying a bag of milk.  Dude, you have lost your viewers here because no one in the big country, the USA buys milk in a bag.
Nailed it! Brilliant stuff.   We need to use the last of our carbon budget to rebuild [i.e. level the ‘burbs] as mixed-use, walkable towns.   Something tells me, though, that that would not be an easy sell.   And so it goes…
Canadians do not drink milk from bags; Ontarians do.
I grew up in small town in Eastern Europe in a house build by my grandfather. On the first floor was my grandparents, on the second my younger uncle’s family, on the third the older uncle’s family and on east side there’s additional wing where was my family. Huge backyard/garden/mini farm with all kinds of veggies and fruits and animals. The closest grocery store was the neighbour’s house if you need something you can’t grow or produce yourself
I came for the knowledge but stayed for the comedy. The “bag of milk” part killed me bahahaha
No you are wrong housing developers do not have to build houses in those areas they choose to build houses in those areas because they are more profitable . And many of those ordinance you're talking about are zoning ordinance that you're talking about have been repealed . But I see nothing wrong with communities wanting to keep the value of their homes and the value of their communities intact by building single family homes and only single family homes . America's special we have plenty of land and we have plenty of money to build our houses on that land what you're talking about is a world agenda ! Put forth by agenda 21 where they don't want single family housing and the world and the elite want everyone to live in cities and not the suburbs . They want to be able to control and manipulate the population . And that's why you see many cities in many municipalities banning single family homes in their areas . I feel if you own the land you should be able to do whatever you wish with it as long as the people around you and the City our town doesn't forbid it in writing in law as part of their city or town ordinance . But go ahead with your agenda it just as a fit free Americans agenda .
I live 15 minutes from Belmar. It's awesome.
Good points but where I live in California urban areas are not as livable as they appear. There is a major issue with homelessness, high cost of living, grid locked traffic, poor public transportation and crime. Some people just prefer to live away from the craziness of the city. I don't see cities become desirable places to live anytime soon. We are not in the 20th century anymore, families of all ethnicities move to the suburbs to find a better life. I think  cities have to get cleaned up first to get people willing to move back to urban areas.
The bag of milk isn't as bad as you think.
Bar Fighting Coffeezilla lol
I'm not going to debate the philosophy of your video, but ...  If _"R-1"_ single family houses were so bad and the supply of alternatives were so limited, wouldn't that make houses *CHEAPER?*
I had to pause at "bag of milk"....
I saw bags of water being sold on the streets in equatorial Africa. Cheapest container that gets the job done. Lots of littered plastic bags all over the city, too.
That transition with the shitty flute of September was perfect
This HAS to be the funniest urbanism video I've ever watch. Savage, yet educational. Loved it.
I would like to live in a mixed-use walkable neighborhood; however, my main concern is safety. I live in Houston and the crime is a little out of control. Downtown Houston would be nice to live in; however, it feels a little uncomfortable with all the homeless and drug users that congregate in these high dense areas. The other walkable areas of Houston are too expensive for my liking.    Can you all make a video over how to address safety in these mixed-use walkable neighborhoods? Specifically, how to address safety in affordable mixed-use walkable neighborhoods? I am sure luxury & upper class walkable neighborhoods don't have this problem.   Also I am not certain, but I bet crime is lower in Canada and Europe. I am guessing you guys don't have this problem with violent crime.  Love your channel btw.
I love how the actual video is 10 seconds longer than your meta example
Stupid question: what if you don't want to live in a damn apartment or high-density housing? What if you actually desire to live in a single-family home, preferably in a low-density area that is away from mass amounts of people? Should you be punished or ridiculed just because you don't aspire to live in a population-crowded area? I can't speak for everyone, but I personally do not like people, and I far from aspire to live close to a highly concentrated amount of them. And something tells me I'm not the only person out there that feels this way. I'm all for taking more environmentally some measures in terms of housing options, but the last thing that I would ever want is to be in a situation where I'm sandwiched in the middle of thousands of other people where I live, just to then expect to be sandwiched in the middle of them when I travel, shop, work, and (struggle to) breathe. Maybe that's not "environmentally sound" of me, but that's just reality, and that's usually how other people feel when they move into Suburban areas the hell away from densely populated cities. P.S. as you probably have guessed, I prefer to have my own car as well. I really, really can't stand public transportation personally. Dealt with it growing up, don't want to go back to it ✌️.
us canucks use our coloured money to buy bags of milk. hahah
i work for one of the largest real estate developers in the US. from a developer's perspective, we completely support a more diversified zoning approach, we also want the city to provide more high density zonings. however, in terms of mix use, it is a mixed feeling for developers. when you build a mixed-use apartment, it is usually challenging to fill the ground floor retail space quickly. a ground floor retail space staying empty for 6+ months is actually common. that cuts deep into a developer's return on investment. most of the developers prefer just building apartment units on the ground floor as well. however, when it comes to building a giant life style center, such as the one mentioned in 15:19 that's a different story.
the loss of rail in our cities has destroyed the "American Dream"
“Euclid wanted to keep Chicago’s factory’s from expanding towards them” do u mean… Cleveland…
If you like disgusting city living go for it. millions of Americans are just fine in the suburbs.
Living in the suburbs sucks, but not as much as living in an apartment. I will never live in any type of shared housing again
Zoning meetings are dominated by the old, rich and retired because the rest of us are too busy slaving our lives away for some oligarch.
"Bag of milk"  commonly used in food service and institutional settings where there is a milk dispenser.  Much more sanitary and easier to use.
if you watch this on mute it looks like he's rapping at the beginning
Good information  I think milk bags are away to deal with plastic  And I think you could talk about the demographics of the zoning groups without the blatant ageism.   Generally older folk have always been involved in political issues and we know some of us have more time than we used to
isn't that the guy that shoots pool?👀
4L of milk in one bag, 3 bags of milk.  It works.  You can even freeze it eh.
lmao love this. More town planning episodes pls!
aaaactually, bags of milk you can buy in (many) European supermarkets aren't closed with a clip, they are sealed liquid-proof and burst-safe and you can only open them by cutting off a corner or the whole top (tricky!) with scissors, after which you typically pour the entire contents in a glass jar that you keep in your fridge, and they are auseful way to reduce packaging waste.
The places you featured that have mainly walkable communities are also in small countries that don’t have a lot of land to work with. They’re kind of forced to grow up and not out. But, I agree. We should be doing the same and it’s why I’ll never buy a house in one of those new, suburban communities. They are hideous and depressing-looking to me. I need to have mature trees in my environment.
I enjoyed the general educational context of the video but that constant yammering on about something which is natural and cant be stopped nor reversed (climate change, a natural phenomenon) started to get quite annoying. I agree with your idea of high density housing as I live in Asia and it works very well here and has been implemented at the largest scale possible. But again, climate change is not caused by humans. Pollution reduction and a shift towards green energy is great but I don't actually care about emissions or greenhouse gasses because they don't have any notable effect on climate change. Tone it down on that topic next time, you'll retain more viewers.
As a Brazilian, I find a suburb without restaurants, bakeries or markets nearby very strange. I live in Rio de Janeiro and here there is not this kind of very strict zoning. Verticalization is already present in the suburbs.
In the township where I live, the minimum lot size is one acre
Not sure I track with all your logic on everything. There are areas zoned single family just like their areas zoned multifamily.  Everybody chooses to live where they live for a variety of reasons... And my family decided to move outside of the city to More country living that is zone single-family on large properties.  I want my kids to be able to get outdoors a lot and play and those opportunities would not be available as often back where we used to live that was more populated. I tried to get my son to ride bikes and go on trails near our old house and on multiple occasions homeless people climbed out of the bushes and yelled at my kid to "stay away from my stuff" etc.  Ultimately some people want to live where they feel most safe and secure and for some people that is out in the country or areas that are zoned single family as opposed to heavily congested areas that may feel less safe to some people.    However, I'm totally on board with more additional dwelling units and tiny houses on people's properties. Those are great ways for people to have affordable housing options as well as helping to provide a little bit of income for the people that live out in single family areas that tend to cost more.
Have fun living in your 1 bedroom concrete box if you hate suburbs that much.
Killed and added to "Don't Recommend"  after you made fun of Big Bang. You prolly like How I met Your Mother. THAT show was trash.
Great Video!  Thanks
I live in San Jose California, and I can say from experience, shit is weird here.   The downtown area is the only place where there is higher-density housing, and it’s small. You go from a 15-story dorm room on the edge of the SJSU campus to single family homes in one block.   The only reason San Jose is the 10th largest city in the U.S. by population is because it’s geographically very large, not because it’s an actual metropolitan area.
Sounds like the solution is just prevent the 100M population increase in the USA by locking down our borders. Birthrate to death is near net zero growth in the USA, cap/prevent immigration and boom, suburban sprawl "problem" fixed.
Alaska will be the hottest real estate  market for 200 million US climate change refugees.
Real incomes are falling, home prices are rising, birth rates falling, and life expectancy falling, so the population and burbs will shrink.
bag of milk is pretty common outside the US, especially, Asia, and probably creates less waste than milk cans and cartons.
If we're talking mixed use, let's go for a zone where industrial facilities can certainly built with on sight built in housing. You can  literally walk from bed straight to your work space.
The worst part is that these homes that are awful for the environment, more desirable by people who don’t really know what they want and are “great places to raise a family”, are cheaper. If I want to live in an apartment in our city, I’ve got to pay like $1700-1800 for a single bedroom surrounded by kids screaming, people practicing tap dancing and parties late into the night with music blasting even when everyone is asleep while most of the decent houses that are much bigger, are also much cheaper with mortgages being $1200-$1600 with 20% down payments. Most people here pick the massive house thinking they got the better deal and unfortunately they’re right. Their house is a better option that any apartment that isn’t shitty in our area. A decent apartment downtown and near everything is like $2500 a month for 1-2 bedrooms in a decent area  We need laws that cap rent, but the argument against that is it’ll bring in unsavory characters who are looking for cheap as shit housing, and then the unspoken 2nd argument is that all of the people who would make laws like this, are likely invested in real estate and would be impacted negatively by passing laws that cap rent and promote high density development.
Where’s your evidence? Pop Increase by 10M? I was a burb boy, businesses were a bike ride away. Go to ghetto yourself, don’t take MY choices, wokeboy!
#NBA #JaMorant #Valorant #LeBronJames
I love this video man. Keep up the good work!
Single family zoning is GOOD!!  These flippen trash condos houses are a disaster for the environment and doe wildlife among a million other problems
I love the burbs and the drive, those that don’t like it,  live in the city high rises.
More emissions or more waste per acre
Paid by developers who want to make more money per unit of land
Doo me a favor quit thinking you speak for everyone. Some people don't want to live like ants.
Why did you pick Golden Coorado fortjhis video?
Fuck that noise. It will just end up as all of us peons living in a pod or a soviet style bloc apartment(best case) while the rich fucks buy up all the land and never let loose of it.
Not 1, not 3, but 2 grocery stores!  Genius.
a bag of milk? I thought that only those were available in the third world.
Single family zones are a sign of the distain for the poor
Shared wall living sucks. Many people actually prefer detached houses. It's not just zoning laws.
Hey Climate Town! I love the channel and the videos. I think I've watched them all. They have been very inspiring to me and I want to make change. How can I take action? Do you think you could make a video dedicated to how we can and should rally for change? What are some good organizations to join/support? How do we make an impact on lawmakers? ♥
I stand by the need to change zoning meeting. But I lived in the city. Had to leave because of bed bugs. I had wonderful memories of cops frequently visiting and the rats… or were they possums…. I just don’t see myself going back to that. People suck too.
I disagree. Apartments and duplexes trap people into paying rent for the rest of their lives while suburban housing allows people to afford to own their own land.
Can't blame people for fleeing cities.
We had little bags of milk with our lunch at school in the 90s, they switched from using cartons and then went back to it years later. We had to straw-stab them like Capri Suns and it was so weird.
So what you're saying is... Euclidean zoning is... Non-Euclidean.
Unfortunately I think people are too used to the status quo to advocate for change. Although it's gradually changing in certain communities, the transformation can't come soon enough until big oil stops controlling a large portion of the narrative around climate change.
Pool videos?
Hey, my dad kives right next to Belmar!
11:07 That plural form is logical, if you know your French (or other Romance languages that use the same expression). Cul-de-sac = Butt-of-sack / Sack butt Cul-de-sacs = Butt-of-sacks / Sacks butt ❌ Culs-de-sac = Butts-of-sack / Sack butts ✅  If someone tells you that "cul-de-sacs" is a valid plural form, tell that person to learn French (or other Romance languages... or English, even). If that person replies something along the lines "but I'm speaking English, not French", then tell that person to do that, instead of butchering French expressions in an attempt to seem sophisticated 😅  Also, remind that person that the plural of "rifle butt" is "rifle butts", not "rifles butt".
So glad you called out the "bag of milk"...also, kudos on the Metal Gear Solid "zoikn!!!" sound bite
The cities you listed as good examples are not because of the crime and other factors that have come from the reducing restrictions.  The problem with mixed use is the type of business next to your house.  Take a construction company next to your house starting their diesel trucks everyday 5 to 6 days a week at 5 am.  Or the spice shop next to where you are and they are doing cumin or Cayenne.  The other problem why people like the suburbs vs cramming everyone into a tiny area is safety and education.  When you have so many people in the area the class size have to go up.  That is why people complain about inner city living so much when it comes to schools.    I want my kids to be able to play outside.  If they lived in some of these mixed use places my kids would not be able to play outside and there would not be a backyard for them to play in as they have eliminated that in those places.  So if you are single or childless adults yeah having all this within walking distance and living in a city like that is fine.  If you are a family it is not the place you want to raise your kid.  The place you said was an old parking lot was not something that I see as a good thing.  Noe do I think they should rethink the suburbs?  Absolutely to make them more green as you put it.  Instead of green space community gardens should be required.  each subdivision should have a lot that has batteries on it and every house should have a building code of solar on the best spot possible and they should feed into the batteries and the house so the communities are mini power stations.  There is nothing wrong with detached single family homes as they also keep the most value.  They are not bleeding the country dry but I believe the mixed use is bleeding it dry by keeping the poor there.  The other part to this as we transfer to a more technology based society and work is remote or small buildings could handle the creation of parts keeping the cities less industrial this would help everyone to live a better cleaner life.  We just need to start using the resources we have to build the right infrastructure that can better transport goods and people and I do not think that is more roads.  I think that instead of adding more roads we switch back to trains instead of adding lanes on freeways would be a much better use of space.  Just my 2 cents.  I find your videos interesting when I come across them.
Speaking as a dasher, I've worked in an area that are mixed zone like you mentioned.  It was one of my favorite spots because everything was really close and the offers would be consistently good.  They also look so much nicer as well.  I live in north Carolina, and one of those towns is in Cornelius.  Its like a 30 minute commute to drive there, but worth it.  And I always feel so incredibly comfortable in the area.  Suburbs tend to pose a huge logistics problem for delivery jobs, since suburbs are often so far away from most restaurants.  It's not only a problem for drivers but the customers as well, who not only have to bid more to get their offers accepted, but wind up with lukewarm food once they do secure a driver just because of the distance the dasher or gig driver has to take.  And suburbs are windy, have strict speed limits, speed bumps, and can be confusing to exit after the job is done.  And while I prefer delivering to houses as apartments present even worse problems most of the time, the draw back is having to deal with the distance round trip that eats into your profits or forces you to be incredibly selective about what you will and will not take
what is a bag of milk?
Bag of milk is also plastic, not good there either.
Wait, did you just say *bag* of milk?!
At 8:09, you said Chicago, but I think you mean Cleveland.
The fact that you're making this stuff actually funny means you deserve 20 medals. Thank you!
Cities Suck!!!!  I'm so glad I live out in the country.
I'mma need to know where you got that jacket from.
It's enough to get me to the... BOILIN POINT
Aywaitwaitwaitwait wait a minute man, um that, um that's Critical Race Theory, man. He was, um talking about institutionalized racism, and stuff, man. What the fuck, man! That makes me angry, man!
People trying to get a quality and nature connected life  Americans : suburbs are boring
Boy, you guys are right.  You should move to a big city.  Please do it now.
Top notch. I didn't expect to agree, but this is good thought, wall-to-wall.
Would rather live in a single family home
Hey! I like having to fear for my life biking through strodes to get to work everyday.
This was fantastic, man. Thank you.
Noticed something inaccurate in this video. At 6:20 he tells a group of geese they're the best. This is factually incorrect as geese are objectively the worst.
Is there a video you guys have that could be presented to local zoning meetings?
Oh boy this speaks volumes about how shit america's planning and government bullshit is... I live in a different country where I litterally live 2 feet from the grocery store... My friends live 100 feet from it... The next city is a train ride away that takes the same amount of time if I would go by car, the next theater is a bike ride away taking again almost the same amount of time to get to by car... Not saying to demolish EVERY home in the us buuut demolishing a few and optimizing old homes? eh not a bad idea
This guy has my sense of humor.
Anybody going to a meeting
Lol war
Your videos are great! It is difficult to get my friends to watch videos on Climate Change though, have you considered hiring Aziz Ansari to shoot these?
Dude I am a black man. Sadly you framed zoning as ONLY or MOSTLY a racist housing response. Suburbanites hate multi-family rentals because people who rent have no vested interest in the surrounding neighborhood. Also Section 8 rentals draw extremely poor people who often engage in crime, bring down school scores, abuse drugs and import with them vulgar nasty habits that ruin otherwise nice neighborhoods. Think a sea of sagging pants and butt cracks. We actually have 2 tall Section 8 buildings nearby which bring weird drama like suicides as poor people jump from high windows and panhandling. Funny thing is one of the Section 8 buildings is across the street from fast selling $500K town homes. Zoning classism exists for good reasons.
Best argument you can make to favour mixed housings, is to tell the americans that they create happier people, and happier people spends more money! Gotta talk to their greed, else you get nowhere in America. 😁
Zoning is always terrible. Privatize the roads privatize all Infrastructure.
I just stumbled on this video. Who the heck wants to live in high density, crowded, noisy living spaces when one can own their own detached home?There's lots of space and no noisy neighbors to either side/above/below you.  You get to own the house and the land; it's your own medieval fief where you are king and you get to rule!  And best of all are the legal property rights that come with ownership - your investment is protected by law & the police.
Oh hell, the second the video started , I immediately knew that was Colorado 🙈 as a Colorado native who lived there for 30+years, the growth became too much. We moved away 3 years ago, best decision we ever made.
I live in the townhomes in Belmar now. Nice little area. Pales in comparison to when I lived in downtown Denver (in LoDo) but for being in the middle of the burbs it’s not bad at all.
It has always baffled me that countries continue to spread their suburbs out further and further and further only to realise nobody wants to live so far away from everything. Leave the environment alone and work on fixing existing cities rather than pushing out to areas that they literally need to destroy just to put in infrastructure.
Single family zoning is a huge issue for America. Thank you
Hello from Golden Colorado!! No joke!! I am currently a renter, and the HOA thinks the boilers are needed to replaced, what a load of BS it's been too many years and I happened on this video because I'm doing some research on Earthships. My own house some day!! Take care brother!! haha and don't forget your bag of milk 😂
I told YouTube not to recommend this channel after I saw you on the train using a face shield.  What a tool.  Just don't do your video on a train if you cannot wear a mask on public transportation.  I bet you made everyone uncomfortable.
I never or will ever want to live in multifamily / higher density housing. I love my single family detached home that is literally a stones throw from everything we need!
Excellent episode!
In the midwest (circa 2011) 1 mile of city road improvements (concrete, curbs, asphalt topping, storm water mitigation, utilities, street lights, sidewalk, and the landscaping to go with it) cost around 1 million dollars... to build. I'm guessing with inflation that cost has gone up.
Some parts of world gets milk dilvered to house every morning so bag makes sense to save cost.
OK, but I don't want to be European.
I think of cities I’ve lived in or am familiar with when it comes to redlining/systemic racism. Every time I see stories of places like Chicago lambasted I keep hoping that the media would tell the honest story of how and why these issues are perpetually in the news.   It seems easier to for the white majority to believe that poverty is the natural state of Black Americans in particular (though by no means exclusively) when it is in fact by design. I always think of Latin America (Brazil in particular) and South Africa when I ponder wealth inequality and social issues like violence and despair.  Hopefully humanity can get rid of the problem before it goes extinct. Sane zoning laws seem to be a good start.
But suburb homes are so cheap :( just got myself a 3800 SQ ft home in the suburbs for 289k
I know it's tangential to the video, but I love the phrase "not good enough to be free."
I couldn't agree more. Upon getting back from Malaysia to Kazakhstan, it is much more comfortable to live in 5 floor building and more dense city of Almaty, than in Kuala Lumpur, where my condo was surrounded by highways and neighborhoods. Car-centrist design have to disappear for good
Suburbs are where dreams go to die.
7:02 In that paper by Marc Weiss, the mention of a zoning action "to prevent a 'negro dance hall' from locating 'on a prominent corner' " doesn't seem to be specifically about Elmwood Park. Just saying.
Bag of milk?? .. that nothing compared with a bag of coke 😎
15:45 Did you just say "my friend Eric Rosen"?.... THE Eric Rosen? :O This Eric Rosen? https://www.youtube.com/user/RosenChess
I prefer the lowest density housing that I can afford - which is surprisingly affordable in a small town, as opposed to living in a shoebox in a city. I grew up in a suburb, lived in major city for over a decade, and now live in the country. Small town country life is the best, without a doubt.
Looks like Golden, CO *edit: oh, it is.
Of course you live in Colorado. Sincerely, a Colorado person.    I live in a tiny mountain town that’s booming thanks to cannabis, and I go to the town meetings frequently. Maybe we can build some mixed-use zoning into our currently non-existent codes!  Thanks for the video. 💚
Nobody hates the bag milk thing more than the rest of Canada that doesn't use bagged milk.   Also tiny side note: Japan has stable housing because they have stable population, because they are nearly hostile to immigration, so let's just remember that.
I was going to comment about "bag of milk" he beat me to it hahahaha
7:06 What is it worth having a name that´s "good at parties", when you just single-handedly hindered the opening of an afroamericans´ dance hall , where all the good parties rise, after all??????  7:03  ;-)
1st world problems
Anything that takes 30yrs to own probably means you can’t afford it
single family zoning is quite literally the only reason we have safe areas near large cities.
I wish I could contribute to somewhere urban and live in an all walking community but the biggest problem for me here in Salt Lake City, is that all the high rise apartment buildings are 95% only available to rent. I don't want to throw my money away at some landlord, and so buying a house in a suburb is the only option.
So funny that we have the opposite problem in the UK. Only high density, high rises being built in suburban sprawl. No diversity of housing stock whatsoever so family homes anywhere near a major city are artificially inflated.
I didn't think anything unusual about ''a bag of milk". It could be interpreted as "an udder attached to a goat" ( or simply a lactating doe.) Or...... bulk milk used for Cheesemaking sometines comes in 10, 20 L plastic bags if it's sheep's milk and has been frozen. Unlike goat or cow or alligator milk, ewes milk can be frozen and still used for cheese. True brother!
This point of view was very popular ten years ago when millennials were trying to be hipper than their parents and live in the city. A few race riots and a pandemic later, millenials are heading to the burbs like the generations before them.
You make the statement that we should build up instead of out but fail to quest the assumption that we should be building more, the real solution is to reduce the population. BTW bags of milk are used in milk dispensers.
Do you mean https://www.youtube.com/user/RosenChess is your friend?
Of course this is in colorado
Living in an older part of the US in the Northeast, our neighborhoods are either sprawled in woodland or compact old factory town three family houses. it’s really mind boggling how large new housing developments are. Looks like military housing or a prison. Give me an old new england colonial with a stone wall and an acre of land just a mile from the town green.
When I was driving thru the permanent freeway contruction of I-40 just east of OKC, I thought the following. The reason this contruction is happening is because every single office building is filled with bosses who want you to come into the office and sit behind a computer all day instead of doing it from home. Its that simple. Its not like the freeway existed because of all the Ranch and Farm goods being shipped out of the city, but rather Ranch and Farm goods being shipped into the city because people needed to be close to the office
Your information is fine but all of your bleeped out curse words, cut scenes, and jokes are obnoxious, like the worst part about Donut media.
2:10 Hold up, based?
How dare you insult the bag of milk; it is the Al Gore of NJB. When did he attack Al Gore?! /lh
Goggles. The guy being shot needed safety goggles
4:02 Mmm... love me a can of lung disease, nice how it was free too.
Are you being serious about the whole bags of milk?  I only found out they were a thing a few months ago, but I think they could be way better than cartons and bottles of milk. - depending on how tough the material is it could be easier to store more in a given volume. - potentially re-usable?, IF there was a hygienic way to bring them into a store and have them refilled. - could also help with recycling if less is brought back in and/or it is easier to melt down and reconstitute into milk bags.   On a personal level, it would be less work for me to have to throw out an additional thing into waste bins outside.
2:12 “we want white tenants in our community” I am always amazed at the fantastic hypocrisy of systemic bigotry   There was often a hidden message proceeding that, “But preferably cheap, abusable and exploitable black labor to discreetly service our wealthy white community”
I really appreciate this thorough breakdown, but what good are these moves away from how things are if they still put the ownership and money in centralized entities like corporations whose prime goal is exploitation for profit. Would love to see a follow up on this video detailing how these practices lead to corporate monopoly and gentrification.
Hahaha thank you for being mad at the bag of milk also. I thought maybe it was a Mandela thing
I like JCPenney
Similar child hood games haha . Somehow alive still
talk a lot of shit for a non-vegan
"...and once it's asphalt, it no longer has the trivial quality of being able to absorb rainwater" I lol'd so hard. It's both hilarious and terrifying.
Currently traveling in Latin America. Panama, Colombia, and now currently in Ecuador. Literally every country knows how to build user-friendly cities except for the U.S. and Canada. I did not use a taxi or uber the entire time I was in Colombia except to go to and from the airport.
"The Suburbs Are Bleeding America Dry". This comment is total and complete nonsense/ false. Your comments on Zoning are false as well. The entire world population could easily live within the borders of the USA with much room left over for parks and open spaces. Don't force your idiotic false leftist dreams/ goals/ brainwashing on other people. California politicians in their erroneous irrational misguided genius has now banned (essentially) Single Family Zoning, -even though there is a housing shortage and only 4% of California is developed. Less than 5% of the land in America is developed. And there is no proof let alone evidence whatsoever to support the concept/ contentions of Anthropogenic Global Warming.   There is no evidence even that the weather/ climate/ any warming is unusual in the annals of time (from a historical perspective). Global Warming is no different than Global Cooling in the early 1970s, a nonsense conspiracy of the Zionist/ Globalist/ Usury International Central Bankers to extract wealth from the citizens in numerous different ways, to completely remove any political power from them. The actual and real consensus or real "Climate Scientists" is about 99% against AGW to varying degrees. But if you repeat a lie long enough/ enough times, it becomes truth. Rather than post volumes of proof for what I'm stating in this comment, I suggest you watch the videos on this channel (of an actual Climate Scientist):  https://www.youtube.com/user/1000frolly
I guess it's time to crack open a bag of milk and see what this climate town video is about...
This was...the best. It's my new Valentine.
the nice thing about suburbs is when america collapses and reverts to something like nomadic grazing, there will be plenty of concrete and rebar literally EVERYWHERE for all kinds of wagon repair work and such.  think black desert or log horizon.
Is this the samething as gentrification.
Woohoo! The city I live in was featured as an example of what not to do. Oh wait...
Where do you live?
Pff my 2 hour drive to school is actually replaced by a mile bike ride, two ferries, a mile bike ride, a light rail and another quarter mile bike ride.  Each way.  And it's still 35 minutes faster. Thank God for the Puget sound ferries and terrible light rail.
excellent content
Bags of milks are very common in the third world
This was a hilariously good presentation of a very boring subject.  You should also teach my biochemistry class. Those professors don't have a clue how
I love your sense of humour! Ease the tention in good ol' Urope...
While I like the idea of living walking distance to ammenities I've always found those places so expensive to live that you don't have the disposible income to take advantage of the coffee shops and restaurants that are walking distance.  So what is the point?  Yes, cleaner air.  But as someone who gets enjoyment from creating and building I was never happy living in an apartment.  If I could have had a garage and a yard and still lived walking distance or next to a bike path that would be ideal.  But of course those too are multi million dollar homes.  so yes, i think most people do want to live in a single family home, for lots of reasons.
Great editing 👌
You leave bagged milk alone! We got rid of bagged milk where I live years ago and it was 100% a mistake.
But... But... But... The search for plural of Cul de sac showed it was Cul de sac, not culs de sac.
You got the bag of milk thing totally wrong. A *carton* of milk is the single family housing of milk containers. It's an inefficient use of plastic and/or unrecyclable coated cardboard. And bags of milk can be stacked in milk crates like any other thing and are lighter than traditional containers, lowering shipping costs and the carbon footprint. I mean the bags aren't usually recyclable, but recycling isn't even accessible to most of the US anyway.  Also you dump it into your own jug, you're not pouring milk into your coffee or corn flakes from a floppy wet bag.
I used to get a bag of soy milk every other day just like the picture you're showing. It's fresh and quite common for street vendors selling any food in liquid form here in Thailand. It's not meant to be kept for more than one meal anyway. Not like milk bag in Canada though.
If you want to live in a city, places like Belmar are the way to go. I don't. Everytime you show those city shots, I'm so glad I live in the 'rural' sector.
Something people miss out on: we need single family homes *that are small.* Developers might be legally locked into building single family homes, but they're always *enormous* and way too expensive and large for the lifestyle even people who want a single family home want or need. But, because selling mortgages is more lucrative than the house, the houses themselves are built in such a way as to demand a large mortgage. We need smaller houses on smaller plots to make suburbs work. These developments with not a single house under a gazillion square feet are doubly ridiculous.
so we just wait for the old people to die and gentrify the area then. sounds good
How about we just curb population growth? I don't want to, nor will I, live in "high density" developments.
Suburbs suck... We should instead build Townships  i.e a huge Gated community that has dedicated Commercial space, 1 public park , a health-Clinic , one community pool and a School. Maintainance charge can be collected from the residents. This immediately removes the need of using car for Shopping... Now for work related travels , the township can arrange for community-buses that leave at a specific time every morning and evening to the city centre or else society members can do Car-pooling to reduce traffic. I already live in one of such societies. Since pandemic started and Work from home became a thing... I have not needed to step out of the township more than 3 times a month....
You can have a bag of milk, it's gonna be fine.
What if you don't want to live in tightly compact houses with no space though? In the uk we have nothing but high density housing and it sucks. I can hear neighbours a lot, there's high crime, it can get really dangerous at times, the traffic sucks, it's always messy, everything gets graffiti'd, I don't have much space to able to enjoy VR or put my equipment. It really sucks, even if kt helps the environment, it doesn't help my morale or stress levels. The local shops are always too overpriced, there's drug problems and ex convicts just being given rehabilitation housing right next to families and schools and they cause a lot of issues for people. But yea the biggest issue is floor space. I want a big floor space because I need the freedom and space to use but high density housing doesn't provide this, but does come with a lot of cons, mainly, living close to a lot of other people.
I live in Europe, and I don't envy americans even a little bit
Euclid wanted to keep Cleveland’s factories from expanding, no?  Not Chicago’s?  That would’ve a very large expansion.
This is real bag of milk exits
that's strike three ...do not recommend channel
Your coat looks super spiffy my guy.
Having lived in tenement housing I'm happy to live in a single family home. I don't have to listen to my neighbors fighting, fucking and flushing. I don't have to listen to my neighbor walking around in concrete boots in the apartment above me. I don't have nosy neighbors watching what I carry home or trying to steal a glimpse into my living abode. I understand the appeal of single family homes very much. They need to make mixed use housing more user friendly if they want people to cotton to it. All to often, living side by side with people gets on one's nerves. I think young people are more amiable to such housing. At least until they get sick of it. People living all around you is very noisy and stressful. You never get any alone time, never get any peace and quiet. They need to design quiet spaces for people to retreat to. More parks, more arboretums and public gardens More aquariums and aviary;s. More rooftop terraces and public pools and playgrounds.
I live in a small town of mostly single family homes…many high density style homes and neighborhoods have recently been built…and I feel they went too many too fast and trafic wise our area can’t support it. I hate it. We have worse traffic in our small town than the two mini cities near us. This idea of more low density homes is really a bad idea in my opinion. It also changes the demographics (not in regards to race…but socioeconomic status)in a negative way. But really I just hate the traffic, and it appears these newcomers are mor0ns that love driving 40 in a 55 zone.
Good job
i grew up back in the 80's in a middle class and below neighborhood, not a suburb . what's the difference? well as I define it in a neighborhood there is at least as much square footage of yard as house per property. There is no HOA , (HOA's are a community not a neighborhood). There are at least convenience stores within walking distance. These cookie cutter Mc mansions are so stupid . In my old neighbor hood there was one two three bedroom houses a few garages and tree forts ,an area of woods the kids all played in . A park Kmart , McDonald's , a few  restaurants and the elementary school was walking distance away.... And you could actually afford to buy a house there and still can but now the neighborhood is all crap thanks to the great white flight and the white people fled  to the suburbs in the 90's set up HOA's and high home prices to keep the poorer people out . Woods are gone with cookie cutter Mc Mansions right up next to each other....  I miss it honestly , now I live in the country on several acres. I hate maintaining all this land but what is there to do? The old neighborhoods are ruined full of violence (Jacksonville FL) , I'm not going to buy a 700k home so close to the next house I can hear my neighbors argue, I'm not gonna pay WAY WAY more than my current house note to live in an apartment In a nice town (gainsville for example) to hear people coming and going all hours of the day and night .
I did the same thing as a kid, we just did it in a swamp near my friends house that we had to right dirt bikes out to
Seeing that all of the worlds developed economies, other than the USA and Australia, have some kind of carbon pricing (carbon tax) in place. I would absolutely love to see a video by you explaining the nuances and intricacies of carbon pricing. Including how that tax money can and is being used in other countries to help make Carbon Tax more fair to all. Especially considering the fact that it is often deemed the most efficient environmental policy that could be used! Your thorough research and hilarious yet persuasive video will do a lot of good at educating us in Canada (and USA) about this misunderstood policy. Please see the video “How Carbon Pricing Can Save the World | Johan Eyckmans”
You are both informative and funny. But mostly funny...
Hello! I just found this channel and I must say that I found this video informative and entertaining. Good job.  While I don't disagree with much in this video (many zoning laws are ridiculous and bad), I do want to share a few thoughts. I think it is fair to point out that the suburbs were, to my knowledge, created before the energy crisis began to be recognized, possibly creating the crisis or exacerbating it. Many older urban structures had similar energy efficiency issues.  I have heard of initiatives in recent years to remedy that, including solar panels and renovations to tighten up insulation to reduce energy consumption. The house I grew up in has had such renovations.  I grew up in a smaller town on the edge of a metro and prefer the wide open spaces. Having to drive 30+ minutes to get to a major urban/commercial area was definitely a drawback. I also lived in a major city (Minneapolis) for a time and the driving situation was identical.   I like the idea of greener, lower automotive traffic urban areas. However, I worked as a delivery driver on the U of M campus which had such areas and some of the buildings were virtually inaccessible by automobile, making deliveries difficult and time consuming. Not good when delivering fresh, hot pizza to hungry college students. There is also the issue of gentrification.  I would absolutely prefer to work within walking distance of my home (or from home). Businesses go where the people are, so if this trend of de-urbanization continues, we could see the revival of smaller, self-sustaining towns (small-town America) thus breaking up these large, hideous blocks of concrete and steel known as cities and facilitate the return of the green.
Sorry but telecommuting is going to make high density downtown living, working and commuting less and less necessary, so some of the thinking in this video is outdated. Also, the pandemic has exposed a huge problem with people living on top of each other making living with a little more privacy even more appealing.   Regardless, if anything, I would hope the increase in telecommuting revives existing small-towns, but suburbs aren't going anywhere. I am all for adding 'mixed use spaces' (i.e. small "downtowns") to be built in existing suburbs - basically turning suburbs into actual small towns. Definitely more of that should be available for people that want it.   Also, many suburban developments in my area are already zoned for both townhomes/twinhomes and SFHs. They are usually constructed with the apartments or townhomes closest to the major road/entrances to the development, with the homes then tucked further away.
The idea is property ownership, which is false in itself. As soon as you stop paying property taxes, gov can seize your property. Do you really want to live next to someone that you don't have control over? Unless your neighbor is a perfect human being, there is a big chance that you will not be happy with your living situation. Banging and screaming in the middle of the night, pot smell every couple of days that seep into your living space. There is no easy solution. First, we have to address the "climate change hoax" then we can move on to a reasonable discussion. It's funny how politicians and city planners dream of a utopia of people stacked on top of each other, yet they are the ones who live in waterfront gated mansions.
I can certainly agree that giving people more choice is generally a good idea, and that govt restrictions are often more harmful than helpful regardless of original intent... but the problem I see arising from more mixed-use "choice" is that developers will almost universally build more high density housing if given the chance, as it of course is more profitable per unit of land - the more units they can place in a given area, the more they can sell - it's why my house built in 2017 in SLC was literally 6 feet from the property line in each direction.  And personally, having lived in apts, townhomes, and single family homes where I'm never more than 12 feet from my neighbors... I hated all of them.  For a lot of people, single family homes with a yard etc are an aspirational thing.  I had to work my way up to this type of home, and I wouldn't ever go back to dense living.  it's fine for people who want that, but let's just not make ALL housing zones mixed use, or no one will ever have a back yard again lol
12:00  Too many variables, brain hurty...
You really need someone to do your colour grading for you
Stopped watching when it became woke 6:37. I just wanted to watch a video on urban planning , not be told that I am a victim for the fifteenth time today. Thanks you very much white liberal.
You nailed the problem at the start of the video by highlighting 100 million more people living in the US in the next 30 years.  Developers are one of the biggest corporate lobby groups for this extreme level of population increase and for obvious reasons. Sad to see that you have become an unwitting mouthpiece for them. They will certainly be cheering this video and will be especially delighted that you are emploring others to get out and do their dirty  work for them.
Well, you’ve been successful in softening my antipathy towards the movement to get rid of single family zoning. I still have many, many reservations about it and I think it’s going to come down to how it’s implemented. For example, you say that we can have both, but what I see are real estate speculators who want to swoop into older existing neighborhoods with trees and some space for wildlife and buy houses one by one, tear out every blade of grass on the lot and cram as many units as they can right up to the lot line. Sure, the people next to that can keep their single family home, but with all the trees gone, a big looming building looming over you,the streets clogged with far more parked cars than they were ever built to hold, etc, that homeowner has lost most of what the paid their life-savings to obtain. What I’ve noticed is that it’s rarely the already paved over brownscapes that get converted to the live, work, play spaces that a lot of people really do love. It’s the last vestiges of green space. So yeah, how it’s implemented will be key.
Rollie: Some 20th century politicians were racist. Hulk Hogan: Brotha, hold my vitamins!
well bag of milck might cost 1. and carton 1,50. i have seen them in 1l bags that looks lile tubes,that looks like they are just continuously filled and cut. its seen in the lower picture in yours search
Brother, you make a 20 minute video feel like 3!!! I could view this all day! *thumbs up and subbed!
nice jacket fashionista
You know without the suburbs we would of collapsed 50 years ago right?  Cities destroy civilizations n birthrate grow up n stop being so short sighted.
This is good unless you want.. a yard!  Belmar is a neat place to visit but I don’t think you want to live there….who wants to live in an apartment or a condo….especially with kids and dogs, no thank you.  It looks like you are in Candelas at the beginning of your video, that’s a good walking and mixed zoning neighborhood.  Living stacked on top of people is not “more fulfilling”!  The American dream is owning something, a piece of land, not a unit in a condo.  So, from the regard, I don’t think this is that valuable.
This is filmed in Arvada Colorado….it has to be!
This was odd to watch as an Australian where the fight seems to be over single occupancy dwellings being bought up by developers for medium/high density housing. (before this gets fighting comments, higher density is good, the corruption with the developers doing it is bad)
I grew up in Philly and having to live in a rowhome or apartment again is literally my worst nightmare. I cannot wait to move as far away from this hellhole as possible.
So i've now watched all of your videos, thanks to Not Just Bikes... go figure. I have one takeaway from this all:  Your nipples.  In episode one I was like 'What in the gadzooks is up with his nipples? Their YUGE!'. Then my ever nipple-vigilant partner pointed out 'He just hasn't shaved them'.... despite the fact the rest of your chest looked suspiciously how do I say? Sans hair.  Then episode two, which was the VERY next episode shows you with normal humanesque nipples and it became clear to me... 'Hey! He shaved his nipples!'  What happened? Did the ferociously judgemental climate/urban planning youtube community bully you about your nipples?  Or.... is this whole 'Climate change awareness' thing, just a front for you to subliminally push body shaving upon a naive and idealistic climate/urban planning youtube community? Are you in bed with Big Razor?   Well... it worked. Congratulations.
What are these "books" he speaks of?
Thanks you 2. Informative and humorous
totally agree with the premise. however, here in the UK, there is one slightly sharp edge to the fluffy dream that is mixed use zoning and that is LANDLORDS. apartments (flats) are hell here as rental prices have gone bananas. the only escape is to buy your apartment or buy a suburban property - the problem with the former? well.. just have a little look at Grenfell and the current absolute disaster of moral responsibility of residental developers, given that they happily used unregulated or flat our banned materials that are inherrently hazardous and they DENY RESPONSIBILITY for removing said materials, despite the threat to life and the fact that correcting their 'mistake' is absolutely an unrealistic cost for the residents (thousands and thousands of £ for each resident in the building). Landlords are a scam. SO. unless you also have excellent regs or socialise those buildings, ya dont have a solution to the clearly arsebag of a problem that is suburban development.... yeah?
Lived in the suburbs when I was studying as an exchange student in USA. What a fucking boring place that was.
i love both your humor and the way you integrate it you rock
I would say we have a serious lack of free standing homes in the Netherlands. Sure apartments are nice and space efficient and stuff but have you ever had to deal with neighbours on every side of your house? It can be an absolute nightmare when it comes to noise pollution, privacy and cleanliness (especially in lower income places where people will litter the shared facilities like crazy...). I'm so glad I was able to move to a terraced house where you only have to deal with 2 direct neighbours. And in my situation both are pretty great. But there's still that impending fear that one day one of the neighbours will move out and someone that isn't as nice will move in and terrorize everything.  American suburbs confuse me as well because all the houses are GIGANTIC. Like seriously... you don't need that much space to live. A imho good compromise would be semidetached housing and smaller (120 square meters (1291 square feet?)) with a small back garden and like a little pathway between the houses. That would reduce suburb sizes very drastically.
Hulk Hogan with the financing of far-right-wing billionaire Peter Thiel sued the website Gawker out of existence after Gawker posted leaked video clips of Hulk Hogan allegedly spewing racist epithets.  It's jarring that you used clips of Hulk Hogan when talking about racist zoning in the same video.
This is why we need CRT
Gotta get rid of mandatory parking minimums too if you want real change in our cities
we have a plastic pitcher you put the bag of milk into to pour
Montreal is a majoritarily  medium density city, unlike many other Canadian cities...you never have to walk more that a few bocks to get to a commercial street.
BRO, the suburbs you are pointing out to in is Jeresy city, and Jeresy city is not made up of detached homes lol, Once you get past newark and south jeresy it gets more suburby, but its nothing like the west coast or even Chicago.
Just subscribed after seeing the Not Just Bikes collab and binged all your videos, Rollie! :) Would you please do a video on the long term plans for recycling/reusing composites for renewable energy? I'm worried about the influx of uselessly degraded solar panels and broken wind mills in the near future when the current way to recycle these materials seems to be chemical dissolution and/or incinerating the "plastic" resins. I understand renewable is the future, but I'm worried we have no long term plan for managing even more waste.
Bag of milk goes perfect with your bag o'cereal😁
I can't think of a  country that is so rich and yet so fucked
You almost give me hope.  .. almost.  Let's not get crazy.
thank you fo the kick ass videos king😎
you guys are kinda fucked over there...  cmon hurry up. stop the mars thing, start living normally first! (not to be taken too seriously)
Yes, let's destroy the American Dream and force everyone to live like bees. That'll work just fine. Overpopulation will be solved by the murder rate, so it's a win-win!
Love the shirt but those mom jeans, they gots to go.
"We don't build low-density, low-efficiency housing because America prefers it.". WRONG!  The suburbs may be inefficient and planet destroying, but we do prefer them.  I love living in the suburbs and taking the light rail to work.
What’s the average take(s) per joke? I don’t know how you keep a straight face.
Lol so you complain about climate change and cry about Bag of milk! Its grate! It takes way less plastic to make and you just put it in a glass container when you get home, it uses %95 less plastic
Exclusionary housing laws.
6:24 turkish? Damn it, what did we do? Turk were not allowed to buy house, that is weird. I wonder why they saw Turks as a problem?
Yes, zoning laws are part of the problem, but recently developers also defeated a proposal to rezone a section of a town in ohio to include multifamily housing so they get to go and build more expensive single family housing again
"buying a bag of milk"
The city liberal wants us to all live in the city so our cars can be 'culturally enriched' by the local gang and our street the setting of a riot. All instead of owning our own land.  Yeah, hard-pass, dawg. That's a no for me.
This whole video makes a lot of sense, other than the bag of milk, that.. that is a crime.😄 Great video 10/10
But while last year marked the first time in US history that net international migration added more people to the population than net births, the number of people moving to America has still fallen drastically over the last several years, from over 1 million in 2016 to fewer than 250,000 between July 2020 and July 2021 ...Jan 5, 2022
I grew up in a large single house on a major road. Across the street was a grocery store. We only went there to get things like milk, bread and eggs. Everything else we drove across town to all the other stores depending who had what on sale. If the store across the street had a sale on, we would drive there on are way home so we wouldn't have to carry everything to the house, just in from the car. As a kid i walked all over the neighborhood until I was 6 and got my first bike. I'd ride around the neighborhood but if I needed to go further, I'd get my parents to take me in one of their cars. When I was 16, thank god I got my drivers license and now I could drive myself where ever I needed. Almost never rode my bike again. The street in front of our house was the main road through town,  and I was taught at an early age that to watch out for traffic. Also, when I was a kid, unlike today it seems, cars had the right of way, even in parking lots. Don't walk out in front of cars unless you want to get run over. I hate buses as they are loud and noisy. I like driving and an hour in the car is nothing. I love shopping centers, not downtowns. I hate walking further than I have to. When I have to go downtown and shop or run errands, I have to continually move my car to get close to where I need to go because I will not walk more than a block for anything. Growing up there were many fast food restaurants within about 4 or 5 blocks from our how. Did we ever walk, NO, we would drive to any of them and back. When I go shopping, I will park as close to the front of the store as I can, or even with for a parking space to open up. Waiting is less important to me than walking. Since i started driving, I have driven about 20K miles a year and I love it. By the way I'm now 60 and continue to drive this much. Most days I drive somewhere between 30 to 50 miles. I currently drive a Toyota Rav 4 but god I miss my Dodge Charger with it's big V8. Wish I had never sold it. The Toyota is nice, but too small for me.
Well what do you know!  a 20min vid about R1 zoning WASN"T boring!   Good job ol' chap.
Doing this video in the suburban hellscape of Northeast Denver is so apt. Most of the city looks fairly okay zoning-wise but northeast Denver is so, so gross.
Suburbs are by far the most optimal.place to raise families. The birth rate speaks for itself. Highly dense and developed and even easter europe are at below replacement level. Like way below.  Same with the highly dense Asian countries, Japan, China, Korea.   People moved into apartment buildings and stopped having 2 children.  Simply to expensive and no room for a family.  USA is the only developed country to have an almost replacement level birthrate with even lower quality of life than the developed Europeans.  The major difference ? Suburbs and space to raise children.  Suburbs are not the problem. The problem is  the gutting of American industry and workforce to the point that people cannot afford to pay for the suburbs.  Problem is they won't even be able to pay for the dense cities most people are advocating for.  Also overall the US population will be either slowly going down or stagnate. It's unlikely it will reach 460 million in the next century unless it starts to massively take on immigrants again.   With the birth rate slightly below replacement there will be stagnation. The older folks aren't living that much older and covid is here to stay. It will likely continue to cull the 65+ crowd for years to come.
a bag of milk! 😂
The YouTube algorithm doesn't always hit but this was a catastrophic hit. Amazing video. Subscribed.
I subscribed for you using the term, "William-Nilliam", which is something I thought only existed in my head.
My urban studies degree in 20 minutes
Almost every country had racist zoning laws, I don't see how it relates to american style suburbs...
Towards the end of the video I realized that some of these places exist. Here in Atlanta, GA we have Atlantic Station, there's a Target and Publix within walking distance to everything also there's a shuttle that will take you to and from the nearest transit station and there's a movie theatre there. No need to actually go anywhere BUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT THERE'S ONE THING, yes there is a thing. THE DAMN COST OF THE HOUSING UNITS ARE BEYOND RIDICULOUS. Not many people can afford to live there and why do you ask? Well this guy pretty much explained the smallest most miniscule culprit here, IT'S RACISM!!! Racism has played a huge part in the development of all major cities in the US and unfortunately everyone now is feeling the affects of it.
I feel like it's a good thing, we shouldn't live like rats buried on top of one another...  That's one of the ideas that makes america great.  We don't need to fuck and multiply like rabbits to be happy, if what we're doing means some day down the road some american will have less freedoms thanks to it - it should be illegal now.  Like building indoor cities.
Multi-Family zoning sucks! Too much traffic, not enough parking, expensive, littered and polluted. My goal is to eventually move back into single family zoning where I grew up and loved it! There is no substitute for living in your own home, with a yard, no one on top, below, or next to your walls to disturb you with their noises at all hours of the day.
1:12 that SpongeBob music 😂
As a Korean American who's lived in Korea for half my life, I miss the walkable neighborhoods teeming with life during night and day. Easy to just walk out for a snack, meet friends, grab a beer, go to work/school. If I need to, I could take the bus or taxi for to go some place a bit further away and the time is not different than taking a car. Most families own one or two cars, with most parking areas underground or in a separate parking building. There are definitely pros and cons for the dense urban lifestyle, but America just lacks decent urban areas so much that I miss it a lot.
I live in the suburbs and have a small shop, haridressers and fast food takeaway (chinese) around 2 minutes walk. 5 minute wlak to the village high street. 8 minute drive to the local town. Life is good.
I live next to a  multi-family home, I get a constant rotation of shitty renters that are destroying the house next door and lowering my property value.  GET OFF MY LAWN!
no thanks, lets keep single family homes
The answer is multi family housing welfare 600 square ft family of 5 welfare oculus rift meta verse PUFA black rock subsidized meal worm porridge h1b illegal immigration to take back stolen land send white people to FEMA camps at Walmart for not getting their 9th Covid booster.  Definitely not the hubris of city dwelling multi national elites encouraging young people to sit on what little money they make while hyperinflation hits.
Wtf does America hate Mongolians?!
Yes finally you called out San Fransisco
I live in Detroit's suburbs, my car broke down and I had to take the bus for 3 months. What was a 15 minute car ride became a 2-3 hour bus ride and walk. I hate suburbs with a passion. I lived outside Tokyo for 2 years and loved the mobility without a car.
"There's an easy solution" Yessir you are correct, it's called putting the The McCarran-Walter Act back in place.  Along with banning any corporations or businesses from owning "investments" that are property.  Tada the day is saved.
So I also found in bags of milk (Brasil) quite a strange concept during my first days here. But have found that in the end, it's really practical. Almost everyone has a kind of container to put the bag into to instantly make it the same thing as a carton/Bottle of milk. In this way it's cheaper and I'm pretty sure reduces garbage as it's just a quite thin baggy of plastic. Of course you can debate that cartons or glass bottles create the littlest waste, but in this scenario where it would otherwise be bought in plastic bottles, I think this is a nice midway... Share your thoughts if you have them!
Question is, what did they have against Mongolians? Were they afraid of the Ghenghisid line to start their revenge on Russia in the USA?
I'm sorry, but high residential places are just horrible to live in. I live there, live in Europe, and they are just not good in quality. The two main problems mentioned, can be solved by proper insulation, better building materials, or public transportation. The third one, workplaces, by better city management.   Most of the high rises are just containment zones for the population, with the least amount of sqm used for the person or for the persons required breathing place, health. Very little green, parks, freedom or silence. Giving the least possible, while taking the most possible and using the populace for work.   The worst of it is, that others living in the better, decide this for the person living in the worse, whom does not have a choice in the matter. Deciding for them, that they should live in a crowded and poor environment, while they live in the obviously better environment that they can afford.   With this normalizing poor environment and making a new worse for the poorer, while the previous normal becomes the better. Creating worse for everyone and the nightmare that is high rise cities.
The video kind of started with bad examples. Japan is known for it's crowded big cities and horrible environments. No pavement, small apartments, high expenses, bad quality of life and so suicides. While small japanese towns, have much higher quality of life and happiness. US big cities are not know to be very live able. Most leaves them when they have the money to do so, or move out to the edge of those cities. As in most of New York. Crowded small roads, tall buildings, little sunlight and greenery around.  Same in Europe. While Netherlands have good places, Paris or London is not a goal for most people. They are goals mainly for tourist who have been scammed. Most wants to escape those places. They are loud, moist, crowded, unclean, and generally not very good to live in. While historic and small, middle-sized cities are full of great housing, and much better environments. They are much more liveable.  High residential areas just seem to be traps. More so when compared to low or mid rise buildings. Such as seen in Netherlands, with those 3-5 level buildings.
Buying milk in bags is NOT normal Not Just Bikes !!
I'm pretty sure this policy of "suburban" planning was done by corrupt politicians deep in the motor vehicle industry's pockets.
"Dislike"
Cities fees are the culprit as well
I feel bad for this man’s family if he has two kids and a wife where does he plan on raising them? In a apartment?😭 or townhome😭 yea count me out on that
I thought Japan was in a bigger housing bubble than California
Hear me out people, farms.. do your own, have your own forest. Why live in a big dirty building in the city with woke people fighting with conservatives or republicans with democrats?
So, I'm new here.. do americans talk a big chunk about Racism all the time in every topic? Like, will I hear about racism if I look for a recipe video?
If you spread.. it would give space for nature to enter.
You tube showed me an ad for a cruise while watching this bit.:)
Because living in tiny apartments in buildings where you are packed in like sardines in can is such a wonderful environment to live in. It's so wonderful city idiots are fleeing in droves to the countryside and ruining it with their city planning. Living in the city is just toxic. The people are toxic and rude. Even in a crowd of people your more alone than ever because not one person stops to say hi or how are you. Why? Because they all have to be good little corporate slaves who work all day every day just to pay RENT because why should you own ANYTHING. Just work to death like a slave and pay rent till you die to your corporate masters.   BTW single family homes are the easiest to convert to ZERO emission homes that have ZERO impact on the environment if all the dumb progressives would allow zoning for them. It's already a proven concept for over 30 years now. Yet everytime we try to build a zero emission neighborhood here come the liberals along with their GAS and ELECTRIC requirement hookup that leak methane into the environment that are 80 times worse than carbon emissions.  Don't listen to progressive idiots and learn how to be self sufficient instead of being reliant on others. Build your own home to be ZERO emissions and encourage your community to do the same. Gain your freedom back again.  IF you just have to live in a city then I recommend that you visit Busan in South Korea. It's one of the most enjoyable cities to live in and easily walk around in with a wonderful culture full of friendly people. It's designed a lot like a wheel with businesses at the center, residences at the spokes, and industry at the outer wheel. Easy to work and Easy to play. Great bus, subway, and taxi system that is affordable and easy to use even as a foreigner.
higher density housing reduces traffic? Has this guy been to SF or Los Angeles? Already a bullshit video from the first few minutes. High density areas are probably the most dirtiest and worst places to live due to all the crime, trash and homeless people that collect around the area. Everyone wants to have their own house in the suburbs because it's much quieter, more sanitary, more sense of community and a lot less crime. Lying in your video to try and prove a point aint gonna get you anywhere. All you need to do is actually take a walk in a high density area like LA, the smell of urine on the streets is enough to make you reconsider.
0:55 You're shitting on Oak Park Mall?  seriously? Zoomers won't even reproduce.  There won't be a Gen Beta.
And to top it all off, many of today's new suburban developments are so cheaply and poorly designed.  There will be only one way in or out of the place it can take 10 minutes to drive to the back of a neighborhood. Then there will be needless speed tables and stop signs.  They will literally put a 3 way stop for a tiny side street with only 10 houses on it.  Why should the main boulevard stop for that tiny loop?  Moronic design all around, even the homes they're putting up are garbage these days.
Yeah no.  I hate cities and love the suburbs and I don't really care about anything beyond that.
Single house for me, no shitty smelly apartments
There needs to be a renter's bill of rights or some way to more permanently own an apartment or town home. Because fuck no, do I want more landlord-vampires out there. Plus I'm fucking done living in just two bedrooms, and wall-to-wall with my neighbors. Fuck having to hear them any hour of the day! Fuck having to live packed in with so many miserable people! I need space, I can't stand living so close to everyone, and you want us to huddle closer?!
read “A Pattern Language”  Towns.  -   Buildings.  -   Construction   Center for Environmental Structure Berkeley, California by Alexander,   Ishikawa,   Silverstein,   Jacobson,  King,   Angel… Oxford University Press 1977 this book should be required reading for almost everyone in this US of A.
Cool so we should all move into population dense megablocks, where we eat bugs for protein and synthetic vitamins to compensate for not actually dealing with the problems of overpopulation and which quickly turn into dystopia economic class ghettos. I saw that movie already, no thanks. Get a grip on population numbers because I'm not making a single sacrifice beyond my own personal footprint responsibility (I don't own a car for starters) not needlessly expanding it just so you can stick another unnecessary birth onto the planet. I've had no children and I'm going to take it all with me.
I remember bags of milk. They came after bottles, and were before packs. I'm glad they didn't last long.
They’re building these mixed use, high density developments all over Maryland, especially in places like Silver Spring, Rockville, and College Park. Problem is these Apartments are MASSIVELY expensive, like $2500 a month for a two bedroom. It’s about the same for a suburban colonial in the burbs with 4 bedrooms two full and two half baths. How do we fix this? It’s great that there is walkable development near shops, light rail and metro, but it AIN’T CHEAP for the average guy.
OMIGOD JASON EUCLID IS A SUBURB OF CLEVELAND not Chicago  CLE invented the petroleum industry and destructive zoning. Give us some credit, sheesh.  Also, Euclid is where I was born
Unpopular observation. When "progressives" buy their homes they then vote to preserve single family zoning in their neighborhood and only support mixed use zoning in "other" neighborhoods. If you don't believe me, come drive through any nice California neighborhood and purpose it. You won't get very far.
"Boring" HAHAHAHA yeah because if I have enough money to live in a quiet neighborhood I wont be able to travel for fun lmao
Nahh i'd rathe rbe in a suburb that's quit with little through traffic
Brilliant
You may like SFH, but it's unsustainable and therefore, becoming unaffordable.  I would like to have a private jet.  But I can't afford one.  So I don't have one.  It's the same thing with why I don't own a home.  We need to make alternatives that are just as pleasant to live in as SFH.  Currently the alternative is a giant tower surrounded by blistering asphalt crammed behind a bunch of fast food joints and strip malls.  It's fucking bleak.
The main problem is that both neighborhoods and city living put me around people that aggrevate and annoy me because nobody gives a single shit about anyone but themselves these days…so either i gottta listen dogs barking all night, wannabe suburban dads warming up their fuel injected harleys at 5am…or listen to ambulances and cop cars at all hours of the night  So thats why i bought my second home on 50 acres in the middle of nowhere…i dont have to listen to anyone do anything…and honestly, my life is too short to have to deal with all other peoples bullshit…sorry if that is not the ideal situation for everyone else…
Any thoughts on Minneapolis eliminating all single family zoning?
I don't necessarily agree with everything in this video, but I do agree with most of it. Well done on getting your points across!
Funfact! "Cul" in Cul-de-sac, is the french word for arse. So "cul-de-sac" means "bag's-arse"
here’s a like for addressing bag of milk.
I can't stop laughing
Sorry to break it to you but in Latin America it is more common to drink milk from a bag than from carton. But we repay the damage with only two hours of available water ig.
Wait, who buys a "bag" of milk?
It's been great watching your channel grow by hundreds of thousand subscribers and viewers!
from Racist to classist (but still racist) is a perfect way to describe the history of American Economics
@6:27 - You show your anti-canadian bias.
As a person who doesn't live in a home that shares a wall to another random person or family. This although understandable...isn't what people find ideal. Lol   I don't want my house home to share walls with other people...I don't want to hear them...see them really...i want my own land...to fiddle with an do some projects. So maybe cities should look up or down when building more homes. Maybe...cities should be designing to be expandable modular homes? But I just want to enjoy...fresh air....privately. Maybe we just need less humans?
Everybody watch The Last Black Man in San Francisco!
Super good video. So much good information.
I usually like your videos, but this one missed the mark for me. Can you name one example where building up was successful (quality of life) over building out in the US? Belmar is a very small example given the big cities we do have.  I live in NYC - here and CA are examples of building up *not* working as well as you intend it. Condos and it's worse cousin, co-ops, leave owners (if any) very constrained by boards and HOA's. I fail to see an easy solution to the issue.  With electric cars coming to the forefront, you seem to be advocating something more like Canada (few cities, insane housing prices, not working well) over US suburbs, which literally no one complains about. What we should be advocating instead is better transportation (eliminate the 405), and moving towards better vehicles for the environment. Eliminating single-family zoning is the least of our problems.
you have one of the most engaging videos on youtube i swear :D
Excuse me Mr. Wasted 2 years of his life on climate related science that is generally common sense to most people when you don't fear monger society while flying to climate summits on private jets which produce more carbon than a single family house .   But aside form the fact that the climate is not only based on our carbon foot print but also solar activity and the earths core heating and cooling cycle.    But it really doesn't matter what we do in our country if there are other countries like China pouring carbon and other toxic chemicals into the atmosphere.    The better argument is that building a sustainable city with green zones being part of building and building more sustainable housing is much better for convenience of the population.   Basically you have to appeal to the people who are already living there to allow said building projects to get the projects rolling.   So yeah you wasted some amount of your college time on a political subject that didn't teach you how to make a convening argument that could get those set in their ways to agree with you.   Hopefully those who take this video as inspiration will do some research first and develop their argument for why this should be the case in a convening way that they can get something done about it.   Not explicitly for claim change or any of that nonsense that the older people really don't care about.  But the argument of making the neighborhood more convenient and sustainable .   Which are trigger words that make people think positively.   Basically you need a course in human psychology if your going to make a convincing argument about climate change or global warming or global cooling or whatever else the people who are ignoring the giant ball of plasma that baths the planet in radiation on a daily bases and want to blame everything on humanity change it to next when they are proven wrong or inaccurate because of them omitting other contributing factors to the climate of the planet.    The arguments of convenience and sustainability are a winning argument that isn't easy to debunk as climate change aka global warming was which note the same people saying the world is going to melt where the same ones wanting to put giant black trash bags over the ice caps in the 1970s because they believed we where heading for another ice age at the time.    No I'm not joking the reason that the title has changed from global cooling to global warming to now being called climate change is because the most publicized and wealthy so called climate scientist have been wrong so many times in the past.  And it's a literal impossibility to actually test their theories.   Climate Change is based on current data being compared to past data derived from fossil records , soil and ice samples.  And attempting to predict the future climate on those records without a true understand of the events surrounding those samples.     Basically it's and educated guessing game.  But an argument for a higher standard of living is always a winner.
Sorry, but true: We're parasites and the earth is our host. When we bleed it dry of resources we seal our own doom.
I would love to see public access footage of Rollie at a community engagement meeting. Maybe you could do an episode on public engagement?
Take a trip to Savannah, GA. I'd be interested in what you think of their city planning.
High density housing also makes me depressed as shit so ya know… Sticking to a house…
Which neighborhood did you use for your video? This place looks exactly like my neighborhood in Canada LOL.
I love my house in the suburbs
Higher density housing is a step in the right direction. However, co-housing in intentional communities is the ultimate way for people to live connected and fulfilling lives.
Wait. No sewers?  What... How did they use toilets? Were toilets even a thing back then?? Was it like just a pot you shit in and someone came by to scoop it out??  No wait, bro I'm being serious here. I legitimately thought we had all this by the 1800s. What the fuck. Like what the actual fuck.
Why not let land owners vote on zoning instead of dictating what they should do... Then people wouldn't get so mad about this issue.
13:50  excuse me, did you say bag of milk?!? am I too American to understand this?
Living in a complex kinda sux ngl if you have a stinky neighbor you just have to deal with it.
>for people that want I fear -- considering there was barely/no choice up to now either -- to swing the pendulum a bit back, there should be no such choice, especially when one side has a giant load of inertia behind it, and most people are not rebels. But state building a load of totally not commie blocks is gommunism so it will never fly in your country.
Dax Harwood has opinions.
Get off my lawn
man, zoning laws were pretty based
Only reason i want to live in a single family home is because 1 i wanna stop renting and actually own something but more importantly 2 *im tired of my cigarette and weed smoking neighbors bombarding my apartment with their smoke.* and not being able to do anything about it. Unless a townhouse or multi-unit building is properly sealed against that, im tired and i dont want it anymore 😭
Important to note another issue is alot of areas also have zoning laws against multi use buildings. For example apartments in a building above a business on street level. It's why in many smaller cities and towns the spaces above the downtown businesses are empty or used for business purposes.     Often times there is even old and abandoned apartments up there.     Sometime in the past they made zoning laws so this was illegal and recently its started to be overturned.      This means some of the newer apartment complexes could start to have businesses as well.
Wtf where did all the nazis come from?
Terrific video. Funny, informative... and yes... Bag of milk is an absolute abomination!
6:12 Whew, thank God I'm Korean.
What if we start with the tiny towns and show em how it's done.
I like how so many people respond to this video by saying the "like living in suburbs". Not really considering they may not actually like suburbs, it's just the only life they've ever known, and alternatives are weird and scary to them.   Moreover, because in America there's no space between Single Family Detached Suburb and Dense Urban Center With Poorly Maintained Infrastructure, they assume that anything that's not the former is the latter. Whereas if things like duplexes, triplexes, townhouses, and small apartment blocks were allowed to exist, they would occupy that "Missing Middle".  It's also difficult for them to imagine an alternative to car-dependent communities, nor the benefits from living in a place where all the locations you'd want to visit would be in walking or cycling distance. Doubly so if there's safe and effective bike infrastructure (which also doubles as walking infrastructure). Imagine how much more money your average family would have if they didn't pay nearly as much on gas or car repair bills. Imagine how much healthier they would be if they could walk or bike everywhere easily.  Imagine how much more freeing it would be to have the option of whether to drive or not.  That's ultimately what advocates of mixed-use zoning laws want. Not to force everyone to leave the suburbs and live in townhouses or apartment buildings. Just giving people the freedom to do so. To not make people walk or ride a bike everywhere, but to make that an option.  Who knows, you may even discover you like it. That, in fact, you hate suburbs, and always have.
The burbs are only boring if you are a boring person, unless you mean those burbs literally smacked down in the middle of no where and like 30+ min drive to nearly anyway, then ok, I suppose so.
in israel milk is also in bags
The Suburbs Are Bleeding America Dry.............thats what they all say. years ago when urban planners had convinced reporters that “the new American dream is living in a city, not owning a house in the suburbs”? That was from 2014, yet Americans have continued to move out of cities and into the suburbs or, increasingly, the exurbs.the latest Census Bureau estimates, since that claim was made in 2014, more than 13.5 million Americans moved out of the “principal cities” in metropolitan areas. Those metropolitan areas have nevertheless grown because 14.0 million Americans moved to the suburbs of those cities. This only includes Americans; the population decline of major cities has been partly mitigated by the 3.2 immigrants from other countries that have moved to those cities.
Single family zoning has to go soon. Stunting cities growth
Fuck your high density housing.  If I buy a single family home, it fucking means I want to live in a single family neighborhood. Usually that means living with less crime.
This is a very informative video for a non-American. It made me understand why some of my american friends on discord would talk about driving around an hour for good food or boba due to housing being so far from other facilities which is unheard of in my country where max i woud only drive MAX 20 min any more would be a waste of time.
*Laughs in 1 acre lot SFH in a distant suburb*
Is so pathetic the fact that racism influentied almost every aspect of life of the US citizens,even housing and zoning... lame.
1:30 thats what she said
17:00 apparently you don't understand retired peoples homes are their nest eggs, this is their accumulated wealth they have saved up for their non working years while their broken back bodies fail until they die, they can't go back to work, this is all the money they will ever have left to spend on their medical and nursing care until they die!   thanks to obamacare causing 350,000,000% demand on a supply of less than .02% healthcare and now covid making 30% of current healthcare workers QUIT and FLEE laws of supply and demand 101 healthcare just became a million dollar per doctor visit coming to your future very soon. wouldn't be surprised if this collapsed america to 1930's soviet union times by 2030 with the 1.6 trillion dollar per year tax payer funded side of obamacare for people who refuse to work or can't work and the least productive parts of society who do not better themselves to afford and avoid needing medical care in the first place.  you have tried to wipe out 70%-100% of senior citizens  from their homes values by making their nest eggs black lives matter riot 'lets burn it all to the ground'. bad grand child no inheritence for you, it got burned by black lives matter ** da police remember that FDR sign homes for $4800. that was pre adoption of socialist-communist policies such as social security, medicare, medicaid, low income housing, team america world police force for free paid for by taxing american people slavery. indeed, let it burn, let the world burn, let putin take over europe, let Xi Ping take over the pacific....all so you can have green energy and equity of soviet union peoples in living standards. i refuse to work for free and would rather die eliminating people who think crime me into tax slavery to be responsible for every one else who refuses to pay for it themselves while they self medicate themselves into fantasylandunicorntopia1world order. you are the pig in george orwell's book 'animal farm' i refuse to be the horse and instead prefer to be the evil human master at the poker game who kills the cheating pig.  for a green energy activist you are also ignorant as !#$@#^%$^&&( as you can just get a horse or mule or ox, the greenest energy transportation there is. but you're too worried about removing housing restrictions when you should be MAKING HORSES GREAT AGAIN!
Apartments suck
Work from home, electric cars... problem solved. We still get to have a house with a yard. I'm not giving that up. That's the entire point of living here.
BROTHER what the fuck was with the hulk clips though lmao
I agree the suburbs suck especially for people who don't want to be around people.
It's weird, it goes from extremely spread appart people to extreme high density with skyscraper upon skyscraper.   In my oppinion, a happy middle ground is the 30 storey building with businesses on the ground floor. you get to have 10X the population density of suburbs with only 1/3 of the surface used up by the buildings themselves, thus leaving much more room for parks and allowing said buildings to be more spread appart.
Let us talk about how large mall/commercial space parking lots are.... for no reason -_-
I wished you showed how ugly the Las Vegas suburbs are lmao. House on top of house with no yard or privacy. Bulldozing the mountains that surround the city for homes.. it’s tragic.
Thanks that was good
The oposite of boring is just crime, rif raf and hookers and gross stuff.  So its perfect for a nice safe *seeming* place to raise kids
Half a million homeless in America and 15-20 milj empty houses. You'd think the solution is there, but it's not.
Salt Lake City is surprisingly varied, we have townhouses, multiplexes and apartment buildings all over the place.
1min 30sec.- Laughed out loud! Whatever you do from this point will obviously be great.
What a boring place to live.
1:50 so you want to live in a apartment with no car over a detached big ass house
1) You seem to be a bit obsessed with racism, those zoning laws were created for a stronger grip on local government control and homogeneity was just a bonus to them 2) Not Just Bikes is a terrible reference to use since he's Dutch and no matter how you raise questions he always narrows it down to America could use more European ideas, which are wrong and do not work here for a myriad of reasons Zoning laws are bullshit yes, but your solutions aren't exactly that great in the grand scheme of things and don't rely on longevity much. There are far better options out there but all the people with the money are extremely stiff and obsessed with disgusting and ludacris design concepts because they're about as imaginative as a wooden board
An utterly-irrelevant fun fact for you: if shopping in Canada for frozen pizza to go with your bagged milk, the brand here is "Delissio" not "DiGiorno". It's the same pizza from the same company so I have no idea why, but it is.
American problems ... don’t wanna know.   Jk ;) good video 👍
INCLUSIVE HEALTHY PLACES
Was this filmed in Utah? This gives me some Draper/Sandy/Lehi vibes
Buying a bag of milk? A bag. Of. Milk.
What is the attraction of these suburbs? no facilities, not even that much space and huge journeys to 'somewhere'.   European cities have a multitude of advantages, but there are downsides - crime is higher in cities for one. People move out to the country for space and peace and quiet. I don't think anyone would get that in these suburbs.
Gotta look at where these new mixed use buildings are being put up. Can’t call these old zoning laws racist and then turn around and uproot ethnic neighborhoods in cities to put in these buildings that only middle class whites can afford so they can treat the place like an urban Disneyland. It’s hypocrisy imo
Walkable neighbourhoods cut DUIs too. Walking home tipsy is one of life's great pleasures. You feel like you're gliding.
Ik this video is 10 days old but as someone in the suburbs more than half the houses I see being built around here are apartments and townhouses. But thing is everyone wanna move out the city and into a house they actually own.
I wish we all move towards urban planning
Eric Rosen as in the IM chess content creator????
Can't wait for nothing to be done about this
"magic of editing" noice. I laughed out loud. You guys are awesome.
"America's population is going to grow by 100 million people so we need to radically transform the way we live"   "Uhh, how about we just stop bringing in so many immigrants?"  "No, we ned to do the radical transformation thing for reasons that absolutely aren't based on my political ideology"
Who would have guessed that government policy hoping to help people ends up being the worst of both worlds
I live in Phoenix and they are redeveloping 2 old malls into mixed multi home housing with a splash of walkable parkways and area for shopping. It’s what this city desperately needs imo. Too many urban sprawl neighborhoods still being built but our zoning is starting to change for the better.
Where's your geo-engineering video?
do you really understand demographics?
Wasn't expecting Belmar of all places to be brought up in this video. Colorado is quickly becoming the posterboy of urban sprawl though, would love to see more Belmar like areas, even if its not 100% up my alley.
"some of these background shots look familiar" CO flag flying "Oh its because i live there"
Biggest reality on the ground not being addressed is that as multi-family housing complexes get built around suburban developments, it doesn't take long for it to attract people who don't have long, deeper ties to the community, nor any desire to if they're short term residents, and these types of homes are overwhelming the dwelling of choice by criminal type people. Within 10 years the whole neighborhood goes down hill as the riff raff drives out the people who seek homeownership to be settled and productive.
I'm all for a single home to live in in a building I fell like in a cage, and cant stand thet someone walks on my head. I have a construction business, and my equipment it's at my home, for free time i have a gym in my garage and I line to tinker in my wood shed.  Im all for the 4-6 apartments buildings in a suburbs, but have sean hire in Croatia, a 10+ monstrousiti between houses, there can be a midle ground, I'm to dumb to know what it is. Unfortunately most of the "low income housing" at the end gets quide expensive.
Also you may have noticed that newer suburban neighborhoods are dealing with this problem by having less and less usable space (yards) while the houses themselves are larger. So basically they are creating high density housing with none of the benefits like being able to walk to the grocery store or reduce carbon emissions. Also by doing this they’re  creating suburban environments with fewer benefits of the suburbs like having a place for your kids to play football or shoot each other with a BB gun. It is the worst of both worlds
Way too much fluff. Get on with it.
Rather than advocating against suburbs as being inherently evil, it's probably better to accept a lot of people (me included) actually like living in them and owning a car, going to malls, shops, and retail parks, and parking outside to pick things up, etc. The issue should be how to make this lifestyle more sustainable, which is entirely possible with better building techniques, renewable power, and electric cars...
Filming in the Denver metro area is appropriate. Our suburbs are gross.
I live in the suburbs and public transportation is nonexistent near me. I would bike, but there no bike lanes and places are so far. There is share the road, but I don’t trust the other people on the road.
From a UK perspective, it seems odd that you'd be complaining about a lack of space. High density housing in the U.K is not sustainable. Most people want a house and flats are small (50 sq ms)  even a 2 bed isn't that much bigger, how is that good for families.
.
What happens when you decide you want a family and that small apartment is no longer big enough or just isn't the life you want anymore?  With a home you build your wealth . It gains value and as you pay you rent it actually goes into a big savings account you can cash out when you decide to move or refinance . In 30 years you actually own it! With renting you never own and you never save for your future. You literally make rich people richer.  City life always ends up liberal , dirty,  crowded , and unsafe . It's expensive to live in areas like that so you pay more to get less. Climate change isn't a thing that we are causing.  Climate changed  continuously well before man was on  earth . The towns you speak about are ideal for young liberals. But once you grown up you realize how they are not ideal for a peaceful life.
It's time for a redo and create a totally new government.
Dude, I from Brazil. The ONU says my country is a emerging country, because we have such problems like poverty, but, I have to say, USA It is a mess.
Idk about most Americans. But in my area living in a apartment or a sharing a building is just not the thing people strive for. Even if a area was perfected like the Netherlands good luck trying to change people's mindsets. Different cultures have different aspirations that might not make sense to others. But here having you own home is the thing people strive for long term. It will take decades to change the land to make a area like the Netherlands and then decades more to convince people to try it as cities are just far to expensive. Currently I doubt that by the end of my life anything will change as the entire fabric of the land would neednto change. Everything is to spread out. Stores, shopping areas, etc. No central area practical enough for public transit spots. And then if you somehow forced all these companies to leave their current established building you need people to move into the area. This all sounds nice but realistic we are in to deep. Unless some catastrophic war happens that destroyed the current infrastructure we have nothing will happen. That's why I don't really try to watch these videos. It's good ideas. But it just reminds me what could be. It will never happen in my lifetime. Also like that place in Colorado he showed. Imagine how astromically expensive those apartments are.
There are literally laws against buildings in the US holy shit...
American laws are incredibly stupid holy shit.
I love this dude. That’s it. ☮️
You will own nothing and you will be happy :)
ehhhh old people
I would argue differently, any American with a family will want to live in suburbs.  Crowded, expensive apartments with no yard, high air pollution, noise complaints are directly prohibitive of having a family. Not to mention the countless health disorders brought about by urban living.  To say that suburbs are purely evil and will "bleed america dry" is not looking at the whole picture.
I like single family homes, not mega apartment buildings.
I feel like its more the types of buildings being built rather than the layout of suburbs, new construction is ugly and boring.
This video gave me smugitis
Good stuff -- Thanks for sharing!
Will you cover animal agriculture at some point?
So true. As a kid, it's nice to have a store or something to walk to, but not a dry cleaners lol! Miles and miles of houses SUCK and with school choice no kids know their neighbors. It's LONELY, and NO BUSSES!
Shoutout to Wortley Village
Came because hes hot, stayed because hes smart <3.
Yeah. I dont want to be holed up in a shitty expensive condo next to 50 people I probably wouldnt get along with during a time when media and colleges are brainwashing people to be racist activists.
Live in Munich (yes the one in Germany), not used a car in years, there's no need. If not overland train, there's underground train, trams, regular bus services, I'm spoilt for choice.
Wouldn't land ownership cost a lot more? I imagine more people will flood toward these areas and develop the area, driving the price up.
Hello, friend, I am Bridgette. I want to cooperate with you to make a video for me,  I had sent for your email. I am looking forward to your reply.
Oh, so that's why people spell my name the stupid way they do.
Living in a crime ridden,  run by corrupt officials who does arrested or punish criminals like Minneapolis. He'll No. The pandemic show how power corrupt these American big cities officals.
Great video that actually could make us great again.
"Sepia Times" hahahaha you got yourself another subscriber
Pay people to leave there homes for these better areas,,, tear down ugly modern suburban houses also high speed trains👍🏾
of the 100 things you ignore & dozens of things you are glaringly wrong about, high rise buildings have a much larger initial & permanent carbon footprint. If "society" moved towards high concentration electricity production(yeah,clean)& storage, at every level, inefficiency of buildings & vehicles becomes irrelevant 17Feb2022
While high-density housing is more efficient and closer to everything, a good apartment(soundproof walls, large elevators, nice views, etc.) in the city usually costs more than a larger house in the suburbs. On top of that, many of us don't like people, so having a little bit of separation between me and my neighbor is very attractive. A suburb is usually a better deal.
I am all for dense urban buildings. It'll get more people out of suburbs and in to sardine-can apartments where they can hear every conversation and foot step their neighbors take. That will reduce suburbs with tiny yards and allow housing developments with yards large enough for gardens and ponds...things that actually absorb rain water and reduce our carbon footprint instead of the vilified asphalt roads since they just let water run off.  Roads can't be all that bad since, 1 minute later, we see an example of a community doing it right, built entirely of concrete, with no dirt or grass in sight. I think that's the definition of hipocrisy.
problems, real, imagined & you are just plain wrong about, are awful. g5, crabby, old guy
Have you thought about making a video on our diets impacts on the climate? And some ways that we can change our diet to help?
just lower rent cause my last rent is as much as my current mortgage.
sounds like commie propaganda but ok
Yah but suburbs are safe. Why would I raise my family in a city where degenerates run rampant and homelessness is a pandemic. Ill stick to the "boring" suburbs.
Found you thru Hasanabi's Twitch Stream, easiest sub of my life love the content!
More people are working remotely, so suburbs should be less of a concern???  I love my suburban house!  My kids and I spend 50-60% of our life in the backyard.    I thought you said you loved your BB gun memories as a child?  I did too!
3:32 Gorgeous humans in bicycles are about the hottest thing, it's *not just bikes*.
Why should we upend our lives to accommodate the highly speculative notion that global warming is 1) real 2) imminent and 3) there's something we can do about it?  Want to help the Earth?  Be poor.  Seriously, it's the quickest, easiest way to change your consumption patterns.  As for the Belmar Property in Lakewood, Colorado, it's in receivership; quite a lot of the area is still taken up by parking lots; and residents who live there are very cheek-by-jowl with their neighbors.  Comparing the Netherlands and Japan with suburban Denver is a curious tack, too; two highly dense countries with a state that is roughly the size and population of New Zealand.
This video in the first 3 minutes needed an enema. I gave up.  Oh look racism. Oh I got you now you d... mofo.
Greetings from Israel. Most of us live in cinderblock condominiums and yes, we buy milk in bags.
It's also a cultural thing. The Vietnamese people have an overwhelming trait of urbanism. They want to live next to each other. The jungle is a feared place, so the Viet people love urbanism. But most Americans love space, they want their distance from other people.
People don't want to live in high density housing. It doesn't matter what the climate impact is. It's personal choice.
Bags of milk XD
Yo y'all need to a video on Lifestyle Islands. I used to live in buffalo ny and am used to interconnected parking lots. For an example look at parts of Transit road: if you really wanted to, you could go pretty far down Transit without TOUCHING designated street, because all the 99 little shopping plazas have access through each other's parking lots. In the 20teens I moved to California, near a developing shopping area with a street down the middle. But it was developed in 6 stages, and each stage was blocked off from the other, in their own little islands. This means Aldi and Wal-Mart are right next to each other, but in order to go from one to the other I can't just walk next door because Wal-Mart was built up on an embankment that has a high iron fence separating each store's personal space. So instead of the 5 minutes it'd take walking, I have to take my car and fight 20 minutes of traffic (another contention point because this plaza was built in an area oversaturated with single family housing so everyone and their mom used this plaza as a "shortcut" but if everyone uses a shortcut it's not a shortcut anymore) just to go one store over.
PLANNING...that's the operative word.  I live in an area that used to be farmland.  Granted, 20+ years ago when we moved here, it was to move into a single-family home in a small subdivision.  For 20+ years, it remained a somewhat quaint, quiet area...accessible stores, no traffic, low crime, countryside...just a great place to live.  Then, folks in the city started to catch wind of how nice it was out here, and they started moving here in droves.  Now...I'm not so much against that if  -- IF -- anything that resembles PLANNING (there's that word again) is done before just throwing up another cheap subdivision to quell the masses.  Everything is sprawled very far apart, in some areas there aren't sidewalks so you can't safely walk or ride a bike to the store...you're required to get in a car to get there.  Multifloor apartments are right next to single-family subdivisions, stores are plopped down into areas that make absolutely no sense, etc.  Traffic is now terrible, stores are now packed at all hours of the day.  There's virtually no "land" anymore...it's all homes, roads, and stores.  You can't go outside without someone's dog barking at you...and there's an almost never-ending wailing of sirens...someone getting pulled over by the cops, an ambulance, a fire truck, etc.  ALL.... THE....TIME.  I love well-planned communities, where just able everything is walkable (or at least bike-able)...but our city planners must've missed school on the day they taught actual planning.  I've gone to planning meetings before, and they're an exercise in futility...one Karen trying to out Karen another Karen.  I don't have much hair left, I fear that continued participation in these meetings will result in absolute and complete baldness.  For these reasons, we're exploring our options of packing up and moving somewhere FAR away (within the next 5 years) far from anything that might succumb to urban sprawl in OUR lifetime.
There's some video essay somewhere also pointing that American suburbs don't make sense not only "merely" in terms of certain conveniences, and reduced environmental damage, but also in terms of finances, with suburbs not paying for themselves, tax-wise, and so forth. And also not covering their maintenance costs, requiring further developments in a somewhat pyramidal-scheme.
When did japanese houses become affordable?
Why is the USA is so cruel?
On my way to the store to see if I can buy one of these bags of milk! I love how he said that and caught it.
Your tongues in cheek (or is that tongue in cheeks?) were entertaining. I caught this via NJBs also watch list.
Bag of milk are awesome and I have no idea why they are the standard only in canada and not the entire world and I will fight anybody that insult them
Buying a bag of milk...I get the states are the weird ones,  but it's so foreign to my ears lol
Sounds interesting, thank you. However I hope that US not will come to total changes in construction and zoning to prevent creating buildings like in Russia - St Petersburg - one apartment building where lives 18 000 people! (profitable for builders - yes, for goverment and city - probably yes as well. for people like you and me - no. Not at all)
All for it, It would get rid of many undesirables getting to close to the "country" areas. Build it QUICK
Clearly you have not lived in Sf or NY where it is anything but safe, economic, efficient Absolute hell if your not rich
Hear me out.. What if we tried mixed use planning in a couple cities? Would that be so bad to start there?
@2:08 "written by a bunch of dead rich dudes... (some of whom were racist by the way)" How is that in any way relevant?
I think that there is also concern about the potential effects on property values.
😂🤣😂👍
My issue is unless you want a million dollar condo most apartments are is undesirable locations like near a factory etc. The place I’m living in right now is rare because there’s parks and residential areas near by but I am paying a lot of rent.
As a town house owner in Canada its my dream to own a single fmaily detached house mainly for the freedom. In my townhouse there is not enough parking for my family cars and I can't do any big changes to my backyard because its common properly. So I rather fully own my house. I mean it depends on your situation if you are single and young than the urban environment definetly looks appealing but that is too expensive.
I think it's a mistake that you open arguing for change, with climate change being the main concern. All the mindless Bobs, Karens and also their teenage kids just write you off as a libtard. It would be arrogant to think, they need not be reached or that they weren't worth the effort.  You know what they are concerned with? Performance and Efficiency. And Efficiency always means less waste, pollution and generally less loss of energy, materials and time.
Please come to minnesota and see what zoning change did to the city. We have more and more urban sprawl as people are running away from the homeless infested, drug selling gang violence. No one with children will be in that area, but that is the next step in your logic- NO MORE CHILDREN agenda.
Frank Lloyd Wright would be rolling in his grave if he heard this kek
Some may call it the American (pipe) dream, but it’s always been a goal of mine to own a sizeable plot of land on which I can build anything I desire. I guess I’m one of the few people that still values ownership.
The bag of milk thing was hilarious. It's a very canadian thing, I've lived in canada all my life and always thought the milk bags which are widely accepted here as normal are the stupidest fucking thing I've ever seen. They impractical and pretty fucking gross too.  Great video BTW 👍
fwiw bel mar still has big shitty parking lots.
When you freaked out at the "bag of milk", I thought you were finally going to acknowledge that our insatiable appetite for meat, dairy and eggs was one of the largest contributors to climate change (if not *the* largest) - but nope, it was just about the bag 🤷
Holy buckets I was just in Belmar and remarked on how neat it was
Seriously though, a bag of milk..
I saw you in my neighborhood!
No one wants multifamily eye sores, maintenance is a nightmare,  once they are 20 years old no one wants to pay for maintenance so they just become dilapidated.
HIgh density living forces more reliance of functioning systems, which we have seen is unreliable.
the problem is these massive developments are being banged out without a Neighborhood to support it,  needs stores in the middle and a school and it to be walkable or bikeable.   Developers only care about $$$ per square foot. 1 acre zoning is perfect blend of nature and neighborhood. with higher density in the "Town center"  towns should be 5k - 20k residents.  schools 2-3 classes per grade,  12-1 teacher student .
MURCIA FREAK SHOW. Thats why the whole world is mocking America as a country with their stupid rules and legislation . Trump is a great signboard for yah country. America first hahaha... Sacha baron Cohen went for a reason to the states to fool Americans. Who is America? Well at least yah have an great entertainment industry thats the only thing I would be proud of if I was an European -American .... yah all are immigrants the natives are the real Americans .. peace out Murica the biggest bully of the world !
You'll own nothing and you'll love it.
Also, the evil General Motors was bribing cities to kill their street cars and subway service to force Americans into cars.
This video changed my life
This video is a tragedy of wrongness. Seriously, just stop.  1) Global warming is not a problem. It is a solution. Combined with desalinization, irrigation, and storage we will solve our water problem. 2) Transportation and carbon emissions are a completely different problem from what type of residence people like. Don't mix the two. 3) Suburbs are building these mixed-use neighborhoods. They're claustrophobic, noisy, crowded, and don't come close to solving any problem. 4) Don't shoehorn the race card into a video on this topic. People of every color live in big suburban houses in this country. They love them. In fact, it is one of the biggest goals in life for many people -- to live a nice house with a decent plot of land. 5) It should be telling that when you showed pictures of these suburban neighborhoods all you can see is green. Suburban neighborhoods look like forests from the air because everybody has several trees in their yard. Mixed use neighborhoods look more like industrial zones. Very little greenery. 6) People walk all the time all over suburban neighborhoods. It's a very decompressed place to exist, which is why people love it.
What an introduction to your channel this video was! Instantly subbed, great stuff.
Zoning = racism  How does this make zoning a good thing?
Our city built one of these Mixed Zoning neighborhoods a few years back. Great place to live. BUT... You should mention something that all of these places have in common... $$$$$$$$$$. They are in no way affordable. Houses in these neighborhoods can be twice the price of similar homes in surrounding areas. We need Mixed Zoning MIXED with affordable housing too.
Sorry dude, I work way too hard and spend way too much time away from home working to live in a shitty apartment or townhouse. I spent 11 years in a condo... won't happen again.
i drank bags of milk in elementary school. it was convenient to fill up with air when you finished it and then make a very loud pop. stop reaching where you’ve never been.
I watched the linked video for other reasons, but  in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ_xWvX1n9g&t=160s  @ 2:40 Dan Olson talks about the financial incentives that real estate developers have to build vast amounts of single family homes in the upper-middle segments. And you are right: It's not based on actual demand, but on the ease of getting such housing projects funded. So developers are not just forced to build single family homes because of laws and codes but have strong incentives to do so. Cities and municipalities sems to play along even when it's bad for them.
Me, living in a terraced house with a park, two schools, several shops, a handful of restaurants within a 5 minute walk, and the city centre in a 30 minute walk: 😏
There's a few things you're overlooking.  The #1 co2 producing human activity in the world is creating concrete, steel and glass.  For concrete it's a 1 to 1 ratio.  Creating 1 ton of concrete releases 1 ton of co2 into the atmosphere. High density metropolis's while convenient for plumbing and mass transit, create more co2 than they sequester.  #2 these buildings do not sequester carbon like a wood frame 1 family house would.   The best way to offset carbon is to build as off-service as possible in the lowest density possible.  Wood frame/Timber housing, self sufficient with each house raising their own food, only relying on stores as a supplement.  Even on my smallish 1/5th acre house in the suburbs, I grow enough vegetables and can them to sustain about 50% of our veggies for the year. Septic leach fields provide not only sewage treatment, but a rich source of nutrients for plants.  Finally, we need to stop tearing apart our natural co2 scrubbers (Looking at you Brazil) Deforestation is reducing out ability to scrub and sequester carbon.
While I agree with the point of this video personally, the suburbs exist because so many people don't want multizone living, they don't want to live in apartment buildings, etc. They want single family homes that are disconnected from commercial areas.
I'm looking forward to viewing this video. I wish you could speak to distributed neighborhoods. I grew up in a very small rural community but amazingly it seems to me today it had supported two different grocery stores a hardware store movie theater and more. But when people were harvested from small communities to be concentrated 40 50 miles away into the big city many of these towns and villages died and became ultra-conservative because no Focus no planning considered them a viable Factor of note. The town I went to school in produced one of the leading horticulturalists of the nation another village near me produced Candice Bergen the actress but none of that is happening anymore because we've been brain-drained and people drained with the end results being the current political situation in many rural areas. Urban planning Theory is business Centric in America and seems to me to use people as a harvestable disposable resource. Thus we have eternal gentrification. There is a difference in cultural value in the Netherlands of people neighborhood and people.
Thank god he didnt gloss over the bag of milk
Is this the next doomed Adam Ruins Everything?
Hot take, single family zoning is great for families… The alternative is developers turn everything into something like the Kowloon Walled City. 🤷‍♂️
The 'September' bad flute song made me roll on the floor :'D:'D:'D:'D
I love your channel - i've been binging all your previous uploads and remembering how much I dislike GM.  All the best.
Bag of milk
If you don't like suburbs move to the city.   Lots of people like suburbs just the way they are.
I think a lot of people are against high density zoning in their town because they're afraid the government might put a giant low income public housing project in their town.
Zoning was 'OK' because Police were already violently racist, and that was OK, according to the Court, apparently.
The premise of this video is false. The single family zoning isn't a conspiracy. It's what people voted for. Maybe single family detaches houses are not a great idea, but you need to change people's minds about zoning laws rather than berate than.   It is also false that the closet commercial uses are unreasonably long distances away. Commercial zones are usually a few miles away at most, but it is more convenient to get to them by driving.
Stop mass immigration and they won't be bleeding
Man that video length joke was funny
your personality is very off putting
it looks like your friend John succeeded in lowering your intelligence
Living in a reasonably sized apartment building can be actually very cheap, convenient and maintenance free, when the building is planned properly and well connected to the city infrastructure.
Dude, I found your channel yesterday and this is the last video to complete them all. Go my congratulations to you and your team (not sure if it is just the camera man or more people). You guys, rock. Keep the amazing work.
wow crazy dumb rules.  Great jacket.  I guess you got it second hand, i hope you put some leather cream on it at least once a year so it can last for next 50 years at least
I will leave a comment for the algorithm, so that more people can appricate your on-point ... points, and, most importantly of all, your moustache (and humor, of course, it's very on-point and sharp)
im watching this from my 1600 sq ft house on 5 acres.   my nearest neighbor is a mile away.   people offer me cash everyday for it,  but i would not trade it for the world.  absolutely no way im going back to an apartment or condo
This guys is complaining about ridiculous laws and regulations imposed by daddy government for no good reason but he will vote Democrat every chance he gets
Ok, what about stop Human spreading, lower birth rates? you know...
To be frank, I think Americans should stop calling America "the freest country in the world". Because the obvious response question would be: in what way is it? Is it more free than the UK, Denmark, Holland or France?  The title "freest country in the world" is by no means the US. It is a democracy, yes. It was a pioneer in being a free country, yes. But is it really "the freest"? It fails to show why or how it is, constantly. In fact, I would dare say that in amongst the free countries in the world the US is far down on the list. A "free" country, yes. But not the freest. Prove me wrong!
What they’re doing is buying out black and Latino communities and gentrifying them and turning the communities into suburbs and forcing people of color out  Raising rents and mortgages so that they can’t afford them also
pls google tetrapak instead
Now if we could deal with nimbyism in urban areas for developers of apartments, plus all the other artificial roadblocks.
in Norway as a new parent, I experience that the single household is too expensive and me and my family is "forced" to live in a apartment. Its not childfriendly, family friendly. Children are noisy. We dont have a backyard. it fucking suck..
I grew up in the suburbs and while I agree with a lot of this from a usefulness standpoint the arguments you made are completely subjective and I've been down the rabbit hole on efficiency of our infrastructure when I realized there is a crap load of space just look at google earth 80 percent of land is either farm, body of water,  state parks , or unusable mountains. the real question is why did we stop building new cities in different areas and do we really need that much farmland the answer is idk why and no we don't our agriculture system is incredibly wasteful. everyone forgets Europe got to rebuild America didn't which results in the hodgepodge.
This is amazing content! It really highlights how classism is now one of the biggest underlying problems when it comes to generational wealth. A lot of times it is used to mask racism when it comes to purchasing land. Creating a divide between races that make similar salary ranges.
So an entire video proposing a non solution to the broader issue of over population and fossil fuel pollution. Turning every single family home into a self sustaining high rise apartment complex won't solve the problem, which is, there are too damn many of us. No matter how efficient we become we will inevitably reach a point of unsustainability while running out of room and resources. We take from this world far more than we could ever give back.
I got so inspired by Hulk Hogan, I had to subscribe immediately! I actually just did sub 😀
Instead you would have been having sex at 14, drugs at 12 and gang indoctrination at 10. There is lots to do in the suburbs with imagination and drive.
not just bikes sucks. sad to see people giving him more air time
Wow you did a good job you almost held my attention t through the whole thing
I teach a climate solutions class at the local community college and do some consulting in sustainability education, would love to use these with students. where do I find the classroom-friendly versions?
You will own nothing and be happy! Thanks for the video, fellow comrade!
Too much rambling…
dam right. I don't want apartments and dense population near me. the denser the population around you the denser the population of trouble people around you.
This is a very interesting video and I appreciate the pointers made here.  I will point out though, that this argued solely from the environmental perspective, which is not by any means strange or bad, but realistically there are plenty of complex reasons for why the average person hears 'they want to change the neighborhood zoning' and breaks out into a cold sweat - I think the conversation on how to improve this issue needs to consider those reasons and how everyone could move forward despite their reservations. Good video!
Sadly things will not change as long as the mega rich are in power and the chasm between people and government continues to widen and deepen. They will, and it will. We're in a system bound for failure and the inertia is too much at this point. Unless... everybody in power suddenly vanished. In a mass civilian uprising.  PS: The primary reason Millennials and adjacent age groups rarely attend town board meetings, I believe, is how we were raised. Made to shut up and always be small. Taught to essentially worship the words of our elders. Likewise, everybody from their 40's and younger in the US has grown up in a time where there are impenetrable walls blocking meaningful communication between person and corporation/government body. It is learned helplessness.   It's up to us to unlearn that but it will be very difficult for most of us.
Dude, with no new roads where do you expect all the rollerblading to happen??
A moment of silence for those that have to buy bags of milk.  Jkjk here's a cookie to go with your bag of milk 🍪
Bravo. Subscribed.  Also bravo to your moustache.
I knew you were in West Denver suburbia from the first few minutes.  Lakewood needs to make it's zoning is green.
Hasan paused this video too much when he was reacting to it, so I came to watch it on my own. Incredible content.
*HE SAID* *"BAG OF MILK"* 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
13:48 a “bag” of milk? omg what planet do you come from?
At 11:17 it clearly says cul de sacs.
14:26 laughed so hard im afraid i disturbed my neighbors
Holy, I never knew any of this!!! This is really the true reason housing has gotten so expensive in America. Why tf is everything set up this way anyway? Most young people I know, millenials & Gen Zs want to socialize a lot more and would love having a bunch of things closer to their living environment anyway. The suburb houses are meant for older generations, not what any of the 100million+ newer people in America will want in the future -_- we have to all go to our zoning meetings and get them to start designing a better America
A couple of those jokes landed!
spends a minute complaining about the length of his video. Spends another minute putting in hulk hogan memes. okay.jpg
One of the difference with the US and other countries is the respect for your neighbor thing. I lived in apartments and duplexes and attached house. I don't miss the loud neighbors, the pests from others coming into my home through the shared wall. I moved ti a detached home and my noise is mine and any creatures are my issue.
I'm guessing your friend wasn't chess YouTuber Eric Rosen as I can't envisage him running away from the cops.
Well I'd hate to live in a suburban desert just as much as I'd hate to live within eyesight of a Target so
what do you mean it's illegal to NOT build a detatched house. eh???????? *confused in european*
Why is your beard so much weaksauce?
Hey, I used to live in a townhouse down the street from Belmar!  Now I live in an all-but-explicitly-racist single-family home suburb in the South.  I miss CO...  This is seriously an awesome video!
8:36 I'm not from the American continent - how do you, um, get across these streets?
Don't forget the banking policies that incentivized the building of SFHs to maximize the value of the bonds that created the 2008 bubble
I've never clicked 'subscribe' so quickly
Oh no the next closest business is 2 miles away I need to consoom what am I to do
What simple minded people find this guy funny?
Developers are still very much the bad guys.
Not 1, not 3, but 2 grocery stores!
Nice coat !!   :-))))) (edit) Looks synthetic though.
bags are super conveniat and great for the planet, just put it in a jug!
HAHA you'd actualy love the ricksaws(tuk-tuk) there a vital missing part of your options
whohoo, another Climate Town, been missing ya buddy
Oak Park Mall in Overland Park Kansas - Sprawl'd indeed at 0:54.
wish you would go international and also show south Africa and Australia how bad there future is going to be
Sure, cities may be technically more efficient, however you are overlooking a number of things:  1. Apartments aren't economically efficient (it's pretty well-known that buying a home is an extremely good investment) and involve dealing with extremely unfair leases. 2. If I'm going to OWN a home, I shouldn't be SHARING any part of that property with anyone else. The walls of MY home should be wholly owned by ME and not shared by some other property. 3. Having shared walls greatly reduces privacy and (as anyone who's lived in an apartment can attest to) means you have to often deal with noisy neighbors, or maybe you are the noisy neighbor, or maybe both. 4. Much of the sustainability problems listed aren't unsolvable. America has so much spare land that we might as well use is, and nice quiet housing seems like a good use of the resource. Farms can be build vertically to vastly increase density to start with. If anything, it's farms that should be going into the sky and not the housing. We can develop sustainable asphalt that doesn't harm the environment and build sewer systems designed to handle any excess water that develops as a result of the suburban development.  Also, as someone who grew up in a suburb, we were maybe a mile from pretty much all of our basic needs and within 20 minutes of things like malls and theaters. I honestly had more trouble getting around to places when I lived in a city and had to cope with all the shitty traffic than I did living in a suburb.
Whippersnappers need to get off their lawn. 😄
Euclid is nowhere near Chicago... I think you meant Cleveland...
Republicans take any critical thought and deem it as a leftists agenda
"You could either walk or you could die there in the street" lmaoooo. This was fun.
If you wish to counter decisions / systems put in place by those in the past it is best to take the ideas head on.  Calling someone a racist and therefore discounting everything they believe is a fallacy and very tired.
For as much as youtube gets a bad rep, I truly love to watch this small time architecture, construction and ecological side of youtube.  My good sir, please take my like and subscribe.
Your friend eric Rosen? The chessplayer eric Rosen?
Fantastic. That's all I have to say.
I lived in apartments and condos my entire adult life, most of that time with 2 kids. I finally moved  into a  single family home in "suburbia" when my 3rd kid was on the way. I will never go back. The space, the peace, the quiet, having a yard with creek and forest. Coming home and sitting on my deck and listening to nature while watching a sunset with my wife cannot be beat. When it comes to stress, apartments are bad for your health.
We're dead by 2040
What a load of shit
Aaaand my hometown is one of the examples of a high percentage of single-family zoning. Fun fact: it also used to be the largest city in the country with no public transportation, the subtext being the idea that “those people” shouldn’t be able to get around because we don’t want them to be able to get to our side of town. It’s a straight-up segregation enforcer. There’s an on-demand transportation service now, but that’s it.
is it just me or does his voice kinda sound like Drew Gooden
I hate apartment living because people are shitty. I fall into the category of wanting a house and a yard. I can't understand why people want to live in compact shoeboxes. To each their own.  PS I understand that suburbs are awful.
Part of why I love living in Albany, lots and lots of mid rise buildings Bc it’s so old!
Devils advocate, more and more work is shifting to work from home. I used to live in a town house attached to 3 other town homes. I now live in a suburb single family home. Both my wife and I work from home. We wouldn't have enough space in that town home.
American suburbs are soul destroying
15:18 I like how that pretty much looks like the city I live in, in the EU lol
I think I love you bro😂
The picture at 1:03 is where i live, literally. I can see those houses from my window right now. Really caught me of guard lol.
So instead of driving to the mall you want to live inside of it? I'm kidding. I'm totally going to my local zoning meeting and just playing this video for them. I wonder if they'll know what I meme is.
i hate suburbs, we have them here in England. We were driving through one recently and my sister remarked on how nice it looked and that she'd like to live here one day. All I had to do was ask the last time she saw a supermarket...or a gas station...or anything really.. and the tune changed immediately. Nothing to do, nowhere to go, no jobs to take... just endless copy-pasted houses that are two rush-hours away from everywhere you need to be  If im going to live in that situation its going to be in a log cabin out in the forest -- not a poorly built pre-fab that costs £300,000
great video brother
Does the R1 zoning code mandate a size for a housing estate? I mean, why do suburbs have to be so big? If they were smaller, you could have an area with a few small convenience stores in between.
You just had to bring up climate change. You should keep your religion out of your videos.
40 minute walk from the nearest business. Clearly you don’t live in Jersey, there’s a WAWA like ever 500ft.
This will never happen. The global population is going to shrink considerably over the next 20-30 years. Smart growth cities will take over and the suburbs will become an abandoned wasteland
families should just live in travel trailer's it's cheaper trust me so you can take your time research while saving up for a nice in the right state and the right city or town
You will own a shoebox and be happy…..
Suburbs,, when u don’t wanna be in the city but afraid to live out in the country  Never understood why spend all that money to be able to spit on your neighbors
You have to go back to the 50s when industry ruled America, but the real single family home boom occurred in the 1980s and the financialization of the United states. Populations are on the decline and migration of central and south Americans contributed to the boom. The U.S government destabilized both central and south America and allowed mass migration to fuel a cheap labor force that was also attacking civil rights in America for Black Americans. It was purposely created to fuel a imaginary future for WALL STREET. The United States dosent actually produce much of ANYTHING, and relies on creditors that rely on the worlds reserve currency. THE HOUSING SCENARIO that was created BY THE RONALD REAGAN ADMINISTRATION created THE MOST DEBT RIDDEN NATION IN RECORDED HISTORY.  They will stop building once the currency dies, which is closing in rapidly.
10:34 **houses have more than 4 sides Yes I'm fun at parties
We've been hearing this drivel from the 'greenies' for decades. Yet every environmentalist I know lives in the suburbs.
Im ok with me along with my siblings & parents living in a apartment in the city as long as we could actually own the apartment instead of paying the landlord for the rest for our lives
Not Just Bikes loves to circlejerk the Netherlands, primarily because he's only been to Amsterdam. If he actually were to visit rural towns he'd realize that zoning is just as bad in the Netherlands as it is about anywhere else. I'm from the Netherlands myself, if I need to go grocery shopping I have to plan out a good afternoon just to get basic necessities... On top of that housing prices in the Netherlands are skyrocketing! You could live in the middle nowhere and you'll still pay about $200-$400k for a small apartment. In fact everything seems to be far more expensive in the Netherlands than anywhere else. Car prices? Take the price from any other country and just about double it due to taxes. Fuel prices? Second highest in the world! Wanne visit the city by car? You'll most likely pay more for your parking space and the fuel required to get there than anything you were planning on buying in the city. What about public transport? Try traveling the country without OV and you'll know how expensive it is to move around. This is why I go across the border into Germany about once a month, everything is actually reasonably priced there.
Great video, man (and great moustache)
Subscribed. This shit is way too good!
I'm thinking his degree is useless.
Goddamn, America, what is wrong with you. I live in a 53 meter squared flat in the Czech Republic, and  am very satisfied. I usually walk everywhere, but sometimes I bike and use public transportation. I do not own a car, and I never will drive again. I drove for 30 years in the USA, and I am never going. back. I am in the land of my ancestors, and I will remain here. Oh, I have great medical care for about six percent of my income as a health tax. No co-payments, no damned deductibles. The USA can do this, too. Come on, US, get with it. I will remain here, never returning to the US. If you are so inclined, move to the EU or elsewhere and find a far better life. You can still work to change the USA from abroad. Peace to all!
Funny thing you could easily make those suburbs in to villages pretty quickly by allowing some house to refurbish as a small shop or market, and allowing playgrounds and stuffs..
When Capitalism meets racism. What could go wrong?
13:50 a. Bag. Of. Milk?
Nice Notting Hill Reference
Bagged milk                           - You don't have to sell it by the gallon when the price per gallon is too high, which should be better for sales.
Every time I look at google maps and go over the suburbs of any American city I always think it must be hell to live at such a place. Boring houses, far away from anything, no shops, bars, parks or normal sidewalks. Just big roads and boring homes. Either live in the city proper or live in a house with some nice land around you far away from the hussle and bussle. Suburbia is just a nothing
I live in the EU, appartment buildings are popping up everywhere ... main reason being that the politicians of each city get paid according to the amount of people in that city ... once the population reaches the next "level", their salary goes up  by a lot.  Little incentive to keep parks/office buildings/open space, they want to cram as much people together in tiny appartments.
This is all predicated on US population is going to grow by 30% in 30 years.  Except population growth has been under 1% since 2000, and has essentially declined since 1950.  The only thing rezoning does is allow for developers to increase the value of their existing property they've been leeching off of boomers for the last 20 years thru questionable financial practices. If you don't believe me, I have a reverse mortgage and tern life insurance to offer you
America's zoning laws are a direct result of the Civil Rights movement and desegregation. You can take the racism out of the lawbooks but the racists don't stop being racist and will look for de facto ways to segregate. America's batshit zoning laws are a direct result.
I'd prefer living in a townhouse or similar situation, but in my Midwestern city is mostly 3 br houses with large yards and long commutes. Public transport is subpart even in older, denser neighborhood.  Those walkable neighborhoods are still far from my place of work, meaning yay commutes.  Now I'm looking at houses, and the only things that's somewhat affordable are subpart neighborhoods that wouldn't be cool to live in as a single person and that're far from everything I want to be close too
The population is not growing at all it is the opposite the death rate has passed the birth rate. Also people are not ha ing multiple kids like they did or none at all. This video is full of false info. Just pushing a narrative that will be exposed soon enough.
This guy would do well in the city :)
Why should everyone (particularly poorer americans) be forced to live on top of eachother? If families can’t have their own space/land they don’t have enough space to grown their own food an provide for their families. Should everyone live in a slum where they can’t sleep cause their neighbors are loud? People here aren’t polite and quiet like in Japan. Having space is a  privilege that should not be only available to the “elite”..... while you are stacked on top of your neighbors, the 1% have acres of beautiful land. You? A yard? No way pleb.
to me, what a government should do is funnel all poor people in super ultra high dense area in non-strategic areas such as next to a coal power plant, and let all the rich people in low density housing. This can be done by artificially increasing the price of low dense housing, making house price scale at 2x salary (to prevent people who do not deserve to live in low density housing have to opt for high dense housing), and implement price-based taxes, where a property tax is proportional to its value. If we do this properly, rich people can live in high dense area without having to "mix" with the serfs, poor people can live in cheap high dense areas, government gets more tax, we can safe the planet, and everyone saves the planet. everyone wins. win win win.
coming from singapore where nearly everyone, even well to do people, live in apartment style houses because of our high population density, the suburbs seem like such an insane concept to me. not to mention that only 1 in 10 people own a car and default mode of commute is public transport
Shout out arvada gang
Cliff notes: Elites want to stack you into buildings in deteriorating cities while they live elsewhere, and they hired a hipster with a mustache to talk you into it.
I’m super pro more walkable cities. Living in LA kinda forces you to feel like clearly we can do better than this. Though I feel like something that’s missing from this conversation is the build quality of the apartment buildings, and also exploitative nature of the housing market itself.   Living in a space with paper thin walls, poor insulation, poor access to amenities (washer/dryer, parking, etc) sucks. And in a saturated market where landlords have no incentive to maintain or upgrade the property beyond the bare minimum to attract higher paying renters and then drag their feet at every little repair, sucks even more.  I make good money and still dream of land ownership simply so the lion’s share of my labor isn’t constantly thrown down the bottomless pit that is rent, and I also have the ability/incentive to improve my home.   But I sincerely doubt landlords are going away anytime soon, and so in the meantime we need to hold our city planners, architects, and contractors responsible for their designs and demand higher quality of life beyond the bare minimum to maximize profits. We need to advocate for a change in zoning laws that are more inclusive and pedestrian-focused while not forgetting about the reality of many people having to live on top of each other.
not gunna lie that jacket drips hard. must know the brand
Can confirm bags of milk are as awful as you think they are.
I cackled at the rickshaw, sharks v. jets and bag of milk bits. Great stuff, Rollie! Down with R-1 zoning!
When u get older u don’t want to live near people tho 😳 the suburbs are packed enough. I moved out here so my kids can run around outside. U can’t do that in dense areas
17:04 I wish you the best of luck. A decent number of the people who want to maintain the status quo are people whose retirement plan is to sell the house and live off of that money. Meaning if their house goes down in value by 10%, they lose 10% of their retirement savings.
Cities are dead.
i use to go to a Libertarian/AnCap bookstore by my old campus called Brave New Books, and the dude running the place was hardcore against UN Agenda 21 which "allegedly" forces mass populas to be relocated into mix zoning/vertical housing which is not much of an off-shoot from what this video advocates for lol. needless to say im would never walk in there anymore
American suburbs are the ugliest
I actually just moved to the Lakewood/Golden, CO area! As an engineer working in land development, this is a super interesting topic and deserves more attention. People may not realize how most developers actually hate having to deal with restrictive zoning laws like SFR and would much prefer to just build whatever the market wants which would probably lower costs overall.
Good points, and we do need to move more to multi unit and high density housing ecologically. I wonder what kind of solutions there are though, when a family wants to buy land for a home, but can't outbid a wealthy developer who wants to build a very profitable high rise instead? And once that happens, how do we get around the problem of never owning the place you live, but being forced to pay landlords until the end of time? Houses will age out and apartments will increase - and they should physically, but for now there are some big social and legal problems with unscrupulous landlords jacking rent prices and evicting poor families, or even just entering and inspecting suites because these homes aren't the renter's own, as well as developers just building the most profitable structures and leaving people in need of affordable housing to look elsewhere. It's not that we need to slam the brakes on one issue until the rest are solved, but we do need a much more comprehensive solution to maintain a humane situation.
I went to Lakewood a couple months ago and was really surprised by how urbanized it was. I lived there about 10 years ago and it was a relatively quiet area outside of Denver, and now it IS Denver. I guess if you're into that kind of lifestyle that'd be nice, but it's certainly a far shot from the nicer towns that Europe shows off a lot.
Next question who wants to live in a city 😂 or suburb.
As a Crotian from a small city whenever I look at America on google maps I always wonder where yall played as a kids I mean there are just miles and miles of houses all around you, every centimeter is commercialized, to go in any store,mall,cinema etc you need to have a car and even your friends live far from you
Interesting video.  It largely appears to be an apeal to the left though.  Realize it was and is the Dems who create and protect those zoning laws.  Make common cause w/ the right and independents.  Property rights are very important to them.   Also, zoning is one of the biggest barriers to small business.  There was a time when I could have started a small business or gone on welfare.  Zoning prevented the small business, so welfare it was. (like I said, the Dems aren't going to be your ally here.  Make common cause w/ independents and conservatives.)
I hate living in cities.  I want a single family home and so do most families.  The zoning exists because people in cities chose to not become to dense have low rent apartments.  I like that.  I like knowing I am in a nice area that basically cannot change.
14:28 As a Canadian that has always been repulsed that milk bags, I thought that was only a thing in some parts of Canada.
Great video but was taken out when Not Just Bikes got Cleveland confused for Chicago 😅
11:08 Cul-de-sac literally means Butt-of-bag in French (as in you can't go any farther, you've reached the bottom of the bag). So yeah, the plural is "Butts-of-bag"
My climate changed and my house didn't burn down.
America is just hell on Earth
Having more mixed-use zoning just makes sense. I would love to be able to just walk my kids to school, pick up some groceries, and then back to my house.
Omg Is this the guy from those pool tutorials
I love how he says 20 minutes for a video on housing is long, when we all know very well we've watched like hour long video on disney fast passes before.
Lol I’d rather have the suburbs instead of nature lol I never leave the city or Suburb like areas 🤷🏾‍♂️😂
The guy who grew up in a nice and safe suburb wants your family to live in a tiny apartment next to BLM/Antifa drug den.
Bro. How are you getting me this engrossed in a video about housing ?
Bikes do not belong in the road with cars. EVER
Hmm... I'm not so sure. Increasing tree density decreases CO2 in the atmosphere. I definitely agree that coal is very inefficient to produce electricity.
BAG O MILK! BAG O MILK! BAG O MILK! BAG O MILK! BAG O MILK! BAG O MILK!
Loving every video BROTHER!
"We dont build low density housing because america prefers it" - Incorrect.   Ask anyone who lives in an apartment or condo, they would much rather have a single family home in the same location.   They just cant afford it.  Some people prefer high density housing in their desired location to single family homes 20-40 minute commute away in the outer ring suburbs, but that is a choice between two bad options so it doesn't really make sense to ask.    High density housing, even NICE high density housing has a negative impact on property values, which is why most communities ban it.   That is an entirely separate problem, but sticking to what people want you completely missed the mark of what people want.  They want single family homes.
As a German American suburbs are a literal fucking nightmare
I do wonder if new building technologies will make the difference in heating and energy costs a lot smaller over a single family home's lifecycle, though. Green construction practices coupled with passive energy systems and solar might make a huge difference in the net carbon expenditure for a typical home.
I prefer a single family home, but I think the suburbs where these are dominant should be redesigned so that there's easy access to a train or a main street with small shops within that suburb. I'm a country boy, but that doesn't mean I want poor design.
I could never be happy living in an apartment. Almost everyone I know who does aspires to have their own home away from crime and crowding. California overcrowding and pricing on housing with all the crime and homeless is a future to be shared by the nation when all the empty spaces are gone.
Australia = exactly the same
I love that you're doing this in the Denver area where I am currently and we both hate the mindless suburban sprawl and constant golf course communities that artificially jack up prices.
So im all for the missing middle housing that we need but what I cant deal with is that with townhouses and condos, the HOA fees are INSANE. I'm fine with a hundred or two but many many places around where i live, Portland, OR, have HOA's in the 700-800 range. Not worth it at all. I'm hoping that adding my mixed housing that then since it makes more housing the HOA fees get lowered to keep things competitive.
Because we want to live in single-family housing we don’t want multifamily housing we get away from that for a reason it’s safer and there’s white people thank you very much
Nicely made video, thought invoking.  Gather data, how many people want to move into mixed developments?  Not me.  I will gladly move outward.  I love my car and my garage workshop.  I would like it even more if I couldn't see my neighbors, which would then mean I have enough land to grow a much bigger garden.  But, I do see the value of these mixed developments if people want them, can afford to live there, and have a job nearby. In other words, build molten-salt nuclear reactors to replace petroleum & coal plants.  All the world's problems solved.
Speaking of spread? how’s your mom?
Sat down to watch this and I love how digestible this otherwise “monotone and hard to wrap your head around” information is. The jokes landed every time, the information was easy to latch on to and be interested in. Great video!!
At least they are reducing sizes of yards, as the suburbs shown in your videos.   My 1972 tract home has a humungous yard (for this region) and more than it needs.   While it would make sense to allow people to build onto these house to house more people, the HOA and City would have an absolute fit.
Now I know all what's been wrong with America
Good to see no mid-roll ads.
Maybe I missed something, but what solution do you propose? Just building more apartments and increasing funding for public transportation? There is a corporate trend of making apartments smaller and smaller. Its like a videogame slider of apartments<>quality of life.   The flaws of apartments are this: 1. Less room, 2. more sound, 3. possible cigarette fumes leaking through walls, 4. less customization, 5. no profit for renters. 1. Corporations are making apartments more and more expensive while slowly reducing the size of apartments. Renters will have not much space to store items and may have to pay extra for storage units somewhere else. Home owners usually get a front and back yard with garage to store much more items, in addition to having more interior space. 2. More sound, many apartments have inadequate sound insulation to block noisy neighbors, some landlords are too apathetic to confront noisy tenants about it also. 3. Some apartments leak cigarette fumes through the walls. 4. Often times u are not allowed to customize apartments. 5. Apartments are a money pit, no matter how many times u pay, u get no reward, u could be kicked out of the apt for any infraction, paying does not result in a sense of progression or receiving rewards, the rent will continue to increase each year, u get nothing for it, u do not get upgrades as a reward for paying after a while, u never get to own the apartment so the money goes nowhere.  My solution is this: smaller suburban homes, better insulation for less ac bills. Larger garages for more storage, smaller homes. Solar powered heating (parabolic mirror types.) More basements, maybe 2 story basements for even more insulation. I am unable to find out online but my guess is basements insulate better than walls next to air.
American Industry helped win WWII, but it also taught manufacturers to standardize. It's cheaper for everyone to make the same sized fitting if there is only one size, right? For things like spark-plug and oil-filters, it makes sense. But when applied to housing, hoo boy. Building codes weren't established to set a standard of excellence, it was to stipulate a bare minimum. Not only that, building code can spell out exactly which kind of fastener, made by which company. It's even worse with electrical work. They suck because they were designed and built like sporks; single use, disposable.
8:35 ahh, Kansas
I moved from a rural x stroad hell to Montreal a few years ago. I could not have made a better decision for my wallet or my mental health. Took me under a year to get fed up and sell my car and to finally experience true freedom.  I'm now in a streetcar suburb (one of the less-mixed use zoning ones, at that), and I am STILL only 5 minutes away on foot from a grocery store. I'm also 5 minutes from the metro platform. I'm lucky in that I found a townhouse that was built standalone with the other buildings coming a few decades later so I do not hear my neighbours at all. It's awesome. I'm 20 minutes on a train or an hour walk (through a beautiful national heritage site) from downtown. I only hop in a car to go to Costco for TP & dog food, or to see mine & my partner's parents who live in shitty suburbs. Good shit.
Interesting content. Subscribed.
My 2 favorite channels 💞
I'm a planning commissioner who knew these things except for the bag of milk. We just added a residential amendment to our commercial zoning code. No comments from the public. But building an Upscale apartment by houses on a run down forgetten street had multiple comments. But the bag of milk is still shocking.
eyyy Denver, what's up. Do you do like....meetups?
just looking at this dude screams i want to live in a city
Gonna go buy a few bags of milk. Thanks for the heads up
16:00 Not that I'm going to defend JC Penny, but none of what you said is an actually argument, just pity comments. Shitty stores are shitty no matter where they are located.  You are in this scene, walking around what is essentially a mall, but outdoors and built next to the former mall.  So what is the actual improvement besides needing to wear a coat and hat now?
13:47 Buying a bag of milk?  How is that normal!?!?!?  XD
"From not 1 not 3, but '2' Grocery Stores" 😄
Why the hell would anyone ever buy a bag of milk
Something I know is that you do not have to cut down all the trees to build a suburb, in fact you can leave most of them up and just build the houses in the forest. It makes for a very beautiful neighborhood with lots of nature. Yea there will still be streets but you can leave woods with bike trails in between the neighborhood blocks, connecting everyone to neighborhood pools and parks and markets/stores.  But companies like to save money and time and cut all the trees down and then half ass try to deal with the inevitable flooding that comes because there’s no more trees to absorb all the water.
What does strodline mean
Bags of milk are almost always put in a pitcher.  You snip off a small corner at the top and use the pitcher to pour.  The only problem with them is that they're almost never recyclable.
Does anyone in this comment section know why normal bicycles don’t use foldy handlebars and pedals because then they’re hella narrow (and you can retrofit this) and you could probably fit a shitload on a train. Like it wouldn’t need to be a fancy car, just one with a ton of bicycle pigeon holes. You stack the pigeon holes on top of each other (bikes aren’t that heavy) and then you just need some kind of clever locking & slot booking system. Like if there was one bicycle pigeonhole for each seat on the train then we can use that zwift fitness to yolo get to train stations (ok maybe you need an ebike retrofit) and from stations to work.   It seems like a reasonable idea so surely someone else would have thought about it and figured out why its a bad plan - please save me the trouble of following this 🐇 all the way down the 🕳
Actually, the urban areas Are Bleeding America Dry
Why put milk in a bag
I recently bought my first single family home.  I couldn't believe the difference with heating.  In my apartment my bill was only 90 bucks and it was often times actually warmer than I wanted it to be.  Now in my home I pay nearly 200 and it doesn't feel nearly as warm despite the thermostat claiming it is the same temp.  Great video thank you!
I love the positive upsides to multi-family homes, I love the IDEA of being more energy efficient, taking up less space, I'd love to not require a car to get everywhere I need/want to, as a current apartment dweller in one of the if not THE most spread out/sprawling city in the US (OKC)... in a few years I'm gonna be looking for a single-family dwelling. I want to not hear and bother my neighbors with music/watching a movie (I'm SO paranoid about bothering my neighbors while outside everyone in their cars/trucks wants to wake up the whole apartment complex). I want to have my own driveway/garage and not have to hunt for a parking spot after dark. I'd really like 2100+ square feet and a backyard for my future kids to have room in to live/play/grow and be safe in. Honestly as someone who wants to be environmentally conscious IDK how to reconcile these seemingly opposing sides.
I don't want a shitty fucking tiny apartment. I want my full size fucking house. Sorry hate this video.
The legacy of redlining is so destructive in so many ways.
Perfect you managed to bring up racism in your video now you will get over a million views
Canadian here - bagged milk helps us reduce plastic waste, so we actually bag our milk for environmental reasons. It takes 75% less plastic to create a bag than to create a thick jug. We also keep resuable jugs in our home which we transfer the milk to. This makes it easy to use.   Plastic bags also take less energy to ship and that helps make them more affordable too.  Everybody should bag their milk!
Liked the video.😊👍 And having Jason from ‘Not just bikes’ in your video is clearly always a big plus. But I have to say, I was not ready for the ‘stache and chest hair combo in a video about residential zoning 😄
I live in Wisconsin. I get bagged milk from a local farm. It uses less plastic. And I can get it from a locally owned grocery store, that I can walk to. Small town life aint bad.
I grew up in the Colorado suburbs and those shots of you walking around the neighborhoods were triggering 😂
This is seriously some of your best editing work.
you and not just bikes just sound super pretentious and think its trendy to bash north america
Yes thats right, people only buy and live in homes rather than rent a high rise apartment because zoning laws.....and racism. Definitely not because its an investment that you own that you can do anything you want with and an all around more desirable living situation. Ask Evergrande how their "if you build it, they will come" approach to high density housing worked out. Unfortunately for climate doomers the demand for a low standard of living isn't as high as they would like. Some people are ok with it, most are not.
Though, at least here in Portland Oregon, new buildings are required to be part of an HOA in many areas. Many of which are stupidly expensive on top of the already expensive prices.
So you want every city to be as dense as New York City??
Y'all lost me at buying a bag of milk
Love your set up! Amazing!
Japan affordable housing?  yeah you take a 90 minute train ride  AFTER you dealt with the Tokyo subways (to be fair it has gone done to 45 min on train as the collapse progresses).    The EU Japan comparisons are totally a joke when you actually talk to a civil engineer, not a "planner".
Murphy homes and tall trees are Baltimore's excuse for single family housing
God damn. This video is educational,  entertaining, and FUNNY. Keep up the good work you talented MAN human
Don't give a shit about government zoning.
Bag of milk is a Canadian thing
suuuuuper important video
Bag if milk ia probably less carbon-intensive and more climate-friendly than any other milk packaging though.
The American population doesn't look like it's going to expand with how rampant covid is. We are already approaching a million deaths.
Having stores close by is great, need a car to buy milk sucks badly.
I always wondered why the American suburbs looked so weird in TV shows and such things... so.. empty, boring and square. Now I know and I am so glad we didn't have such a weird idea here.
Fuck yea, I'm going to a zoning meeting! This actually seriously effects me because I HATE traditional housing (flimsy inside and outside, degrades, serious fire hazards, difficult to insulate, etcetcetcetc) and want to live in a concrete structure / complex that I design and commission built.
VIDEO STARTS AT 03:00
"a bag of milk is the single family housing of the beverage carrying world"  i love this lol
First video I watch on this channel. It´s great how you present an important topic in an entertaining, fun way and still everything is on point. Keep on the good work, greetings from Germany (btw we have also a very interesting and complex spatial and urban planning system).
This is incredibly good content.
Abolish all zoning laws
Excellent video. You got yourself a new subscriber
In russia we have exactly the same problem but other way around.
Sooooo, public transportation anyone?
We used to get the milk bags in Florida when I was a kid, not sure if they still do.
So glad I found your channel.
The bag of milk is usually cheaper, and you use a plastic jug to contain the bag and make it 'stand' upright.
make no mistake, I just subbed because of the Hulkster, brother.
Milk bag pitcher is the "public transportation" for milk.
interesting
14:41 TetraPak Överlägset i alla lägen
The arctic ice is receding faster than your hair line.
Me: “did he just say mag of milk?” Climate town: “yeah I just heard him say mag of milk”  Lmaooo I nearly choked that was so good
At the three minute marker, the impression I'm getting is that this will never be solved through legislation or zoning reform. It'll only be "solved" when the current status quo collapses under its own putrid incapacity, spurred on by the simple fact that most of the projected new Americans in need of housing won't be allowed to have it, and these hypothetical new expanses of suburbia will just become another region of desolate architectural graveyard which exists to feed real estate as liquidity storage.
2 mins in and already calling people racist. Welcome to 2022...... gtfo
Soo im living in Poland and I have 50m to grocery shop. Up to 600m to 4 malls and Aquapark, up to 250m to park. But I live in a flat. But my mom lives in a suburbs and has almost the same distances but with a swimming pool instead of a water park.
Apartments suck, and trains suck too! You glossed over just how fucking crazy people are.
I’d love to see less focus being placed on big houses and an excess of PRIVATE space, with more being placed on shared, beautiful, community/natural spaces. Same goes to seeing fewer privately own shared spaces where the only activity is to shop, more where we can just exist or learn, read, chat etc
Great video man, I appreciate these kinds of videos. Sincerely, a gen Z commercial RE developer
I'm kinda a climate denier, or maybe a climate agnostic, but I even see the problems with these houses and most people I know do, even flat out people who hate yoga. The builders often get deals with small towns, they don't pay for any of the infrastructure, that leaves the towns with failing utilities and fear to raise hikes for fear the town will find out they need to raise their taxes by hundreds or thousands...all the while the developers are laughing to the bank. The houses are built in the country, which most people actually hate. They ruin the habitat of the birds and destroy good farm land, which we desperately need, they raise prices everywhere. The relocated people now complain they gotta drive 25 minutes to the store and demand stores be brought in. The houses were so crappy built, looking at you Yanray Omeshay, they aren't going to be able to be passed down the next generation. People aren't even having kids anymore. Our population will be declining, immigrants aren't having kids either. We are in a building glut this year, the most building permits requested in American history ever. We are about to have a market crash. I hate these damn communities. It's like lack of freedom of living in the city, while killing the country.
well, the best city planning program in US department of state and the state capitol is .....  simcity.
Congrats, here in Europe developers buy politicians to get zoning plans changed. Europe is a shit better than the US.
My guy you need to buy a corduroy cap to complete that look!! great video too btw i guess 🌞
your bell is broken
Im getting a Carlos Mesa vibe... and that's a good thing.
Hate Hate Hate suburbs.  It's unhealthy.
I can solve all our climate problems, nuclear power. You're welcome.
NJB brought me here. I wasn't planning on subscribing, but you've gone and hooked me. Good job, brother.
I'm here for not just bikes.  I consider this a not just bikes video diluted with this guy's obnoxious style.    And it's sad that that particular example of mixed use zoning in Colorado looked dreadful.
I read the Berkeley study and it's highly bias. They don't compare apples to apples, might as well state that homelessness is the key to lessen the carbon footprint since a homeless person doesn't drive, he/she barely eats,  doesn't consume energy...etc.. they pretty much compare economic classes based on their consumption rates, housing is just one of the items in their list, the whole study is disingenuous.  I never lived in the suburbs, I live a shitty apartment growing up, I graduated, got my degree, got a decent job but I still live in a shitty apartment because owning a house these days is but a dream. I wish I lived in the suburbs, quiet, fresh air, I can blast my music without the cops showing up, I don't have to spend half an hour trying to find parking 4 blocks away from my apartment, my friends can come over and I have a guest room for them to sleep in, instead of the couch. Oh and BBQ's ah....BBQ's....I can only dream.
Yep. Thx god that there are others out there, too.
The other day I was on google maps and was wondering why they make so huge areas with houses, now I know one reason why.
so build more communities where average income earners have to live on top of each other? Where your privacy is greatly limited. Where you pay 300k or more for 1000sqf of space or less, or worse you rent it for 3k or more per month for a currently trendy 700 sqf appartment with an absolutely minimal design made from cheap materials?  where you trade a drive to the market for a long walk with now limited groceries in hand or pay more for them to have them delivered?  Where you can let your dog and children play in a yard one step outside of your home?  There are just as many problems and inconveniences with this "efficient model".  I absolutely prefer detached housing to stacks of apartments and row homes. PRIVACY.  The real problem is too many people, stop having so many friggin kids folks one or two max.
I will never live in an apartment ever again, fuck that.
Have you done or can you do a piece on the terrible build quality of US homes. Framing houses with 2 by 4's  in a tornado zone is just silly, building code anybody? Also insulation and everything made of drywall!!!
You can *really can* judge a book by its cover. Take this guy for instance.   You can tell he liked Coldplay when they were popular, but now he loves Playboi Carti because he’s “different.”  He clearly hates himself and is ashamed of his upbringing. He wishes he could’ve struggled like the blks he pities. He’s definitely participated in a “peaceful protest.” He’s a sub and likes being c**ked. He rages about conspiracy theorists while believing many zanier ones himself.   And he believes he’s right all the time because he champions equality for all, despite the fact he’s white af (but he would love to be blk, or at least with a blk guy).  Yup. A pale, pug-faced hipster who forgot that bomber jackets went out of style in the 90s with a massive inferiority complex and a healthy dose of oikophobia. This is definitely a guy you should listen to 😂
Boom, you just got sprawl’d
The capitalists designed the suburbs to give white ppl somewhere to drive the cars to that car manufacturers wanted to sell them, so they built highways thru established black neighborhoods so that they could get there as fast as possible without actually have to drive thru those neighborhoods. They used redlining to keep black people in the city, and then they shipped all the jobs out the cities first, stopped investing any capital there, sent a chunk of the pp living in poverty to prison because of the guns and drugs their own government pumped into the community. Then while we are still living thru all this bullshit I will have certain people tell me "slavery was so long ago what are you even complaining about "   So yeah the suburbs are a nightmare. An invention of capitalist class looking to create some weird cisheternormative fiction about white picket fences and 2.5 blonde hair blue eyed kids frolicking in the backyard. Meanwhile your country is waging regime change ways across half the continent.   I'll see myself out. Lol
High density housing increases stress and lowers trust in the community.
8:03 That would be Cleveland, not Chicago.
I would continue watching but you are using race as a weapon and that makes you less trustworthy
Most of Canada buys their milk in bags.  It is put into a pitcher once you open it.
YES, cities ARE good for the environment.
Villa Italla!!! I remember that mall, hell, I worked at that mall at Pretzel Maker! I’d skate out after shift after the mall closed!
BaG oF mIlK?
how to guarantee a consumer will spend at least a lot of money: suburbs.
Live for a while in a place like Hong-Kong. It's freaking great to own an actual house with an actual land.
First of all, it's now outdated data that population is projected to raise 100 in 30 years. It's around 50 to 60 mil. To solve the problem - cut the immigration completely, apply biotech on old population = problem solved! Without immigration the population will shrink as the fertility rate is below replication rate and with good biotech people can live longer lives without needing the constant intervention of the medical infrastructure which costs billions upon billions. There are countries like Japan and China who have very very very trace imigration - if they can do it, US can do it too.
HEY! I actually know what 4,000 tons of CO2 looks like! And that’s a absolute fuck ton! Explain to me how one mile of road adds 4K tons of CO2 please!
Thanks man for this. I’ve been saying all this for 20 years but usually get met with “derp well u just hate Murica!!!”
Is that the Jefferson County Court House at 7:14?
This is some serious quality content. Love the humour, depth of detail and big picture you provided so quickly.
Can someone explain why is climate change actually bad? From what I understand, we will live in tropical paradise if I continue to drive my good old V8
Ayoooo you went to Columbia! I'm going to Barnard in a few months and I wonder what you think of the urban planning from Morningside Heights? I know Manhattan is really dense by USA standards but is it well designed?
Having people live on top of you and below you is only enjoyable when you can't hear every breath, cough, fart and footstep of every man, woman, children, or pet in the immediate vicinity. In fact, I imagine it is the main reason people can't wait to get out of their paper wall apartments and into their own single family house.    Can we please PLEASE all agree developers need to spend more money on soundproofing? Even if they made the floors and walls exclusively out of 6 inch thick resin reinforced concrete, the fact that people would live (and enjoying living) in that smaller area would offset the carbon footprint of those extra building materials.
POOR people are quickly no longer willing to work for anyone who has a real house, high wages and shitty personality of greed! Let the wealthy fix thier own shit, clean thier own toilets, cut thier own lawns and build thier own decks!
This was awesome!!!1 On a personal note can i just say that being born and raised in Brooklyn NY, i love the small factoid that when it says @4:44 "New York and Brooklyn". That's because Brooklyn was its own city until it joined NY in 1898. Love it!
I would rather hand built an off grid house that costs under $10,000 and be stress free than work like a slave trapped to a gouged mortgage of $300,000+ house of misery!
Wow what a suprise someone else who has no idea about abrupt climate change!
I rather live in Highlands ranch than downtown Denver...
Higher density housing is HORRIBLE! Like most people, I absolutely cannot stand sharing walls with my neighbors. I don't want any neighbors within AT LEAST 100 yards of my house. When it comes to buying land to build a house on, I would gladly downsize to a one bedroom shack if I had to if it meant I could buy more land to keep neighbors from getting to close.
My town is starting a new development and is holding a town hall meeting to discuss it. I've begun a petition to make the area a mixed development area. It's probably not gonna happen but just wanted to let ya know that videos from guys like you and not just bikes really helped move me to do this. Whichever way it goes
Improve soundproofing and we can do better. Current standards are nowhere near where they need to be if we make housing more dense.
people care about their neighborhoods?
Actually a bag of milk and a glass jug probably uses way less platic
"...buying a bag of milk"
You are in My State. Wild
The dream of owning a home of your own is systematically and intentionally being taken away from us by very wealthy and powerful people who own multiple homes themselves
the hood is better sadly
Is there a link to the classroom-friendly versions of these? Thank YOU!
Yes but American females need a separate room for everything including their tampons so Mc Mansions are a necessity for most Americans. This also includes the busses (SUV's) they drive every day that gets 2 MPG and they can't fucking park.
Love this channel
And NYC is a utopian beacon of energy efficient buildings where crime doesn't exist and basic living costs are totally reasonable and affordable.
canadian here, I don't buy the bagged milk, brother.
The free-est country in the world. Pffft. Go and try get a prescription filled for free (ouch)  Ps. milk in a bag reduces the plastic you’re putting in the ground. It’s the kind of forward thinking that planners like me participate in
agreed!!
As someone who grew up in Arvada and now lives in one of the few truly mixed use neighborhoods in Denver, I love both the content of your videos and the local filming locations (it wouldn't be the Denver burbs without a Canada geese cameo lol). Hoping we can limit Denver's sprawl and expand apartment options before most of us get priced out of the city.
Apartheid makes total sense. Keep the cultures separated with small diffusion allowed.
Interesting view points, however, the subject of zoning aside, you can find people going on about nearly every aspect of CO2 build up. The so called 'climate change' propaganda is a bit overdone since water vapor has been proven to have more of an effect than CO2 and although there is a very small rise in yearly temperatures now and again, there is no proven out of control, runaway effect. If you want to trend away from "urban sprawl" you will have to build big towers or apartment complexes, thus resorting to "central planning" where you find that many such cities haven't done that great a job in providing for their citizens. You can also find those whom complain about how the Cement industry produces a quarter of the CO2 produced. Or the eco freak that turns alarmist over deforestation due to wood usage. No matter where you turn there is someone whining about something.
I’ve been asking about this… even if lumber prices are on the rise still don’t see why houses start at 300k   Wtf
Thanks for this
Why am I watching this? I've never even been to the US. 😐
Wait, the guy I’ve watched play pool for hours is also a highly educated hardcore climate activist? Good stuff.
All those multi family/people condescend buildings suck. I rather live in my own place not have my neighbors literally as my roof.  Edit: Great video. Very well done and very informative. Thank you man.
It's really great that you're from Colorado!
Bagged milk use 75 percent less plastic.
I buy milk bags. just get a small jug, put the bag in there, cut a hole in the top corner of the bag, and your good. Stop whining you karen.
The thing is...  people like single family houses!  You go sit on your porch, and hear...  nature. You can crank your music or have wild noisy sex without bothering your neighbors. Your neighbors can crank their music or have wild noisy sex without bothering you. You can have a pool that's...  yours!  And you can swim neeked if you want to. You don't have to smell your neighbor's dinner.  And they don't have to smell yours.  Do I need to continue?
Don't u dare talk shit about bagged milk The key is the holder for bagged milk it makes it amazing
it would be great if we could get some incentives going for apartment living, just like you said, calculating the carbon offset of road building into rental schemes could be one capitalist minded way of providing incentives to change.
Dont believe the hype that packing people like sardines will help the environment. Hint, it wont.
Cities are dying so lets make videos against suburbs instead of pointing the finger where it belongs, at the insane cost of apartments within a city. If you can work remote, there's no real reason to be living in a city anymore and that means less income tax for them to spend, in turn forcing them to think of new and clever ways to fuck us all over. I agree that yes, it shouldn't be illegal to make larger apartment complexes, especially targeted for low income individuals to help younger people get a good start in the city. However, if your income is say 1500$ a month and you're just out of high school working as a cashier in somewhere like New Mexico, it's just too expensive to live on your own unless you're lucky enough to rent out a house for 900 or 950 instead of paying 1100 for an apartment.
Such a ridiculous take on suburbs.  They grew because it is what people want.  Go live in your city and leave me alone.
Yes my town is the same way. My town is full of older people that do not want anything at all to change. I mean I really do get it when you are older you do not feel up to changes.
Really commendable mission. Thank you.
I wonder why Cleveland, Oh east side suburb Euclid was so worried about Chicago businesses encroaching on them from 3 states away?
Bro we had bagged milk in grade school when I was growing up...I grew up in Tennessee.
Higher density equals higher crime rate, more noise, less privacy, tent cities, etc. Why would I want to subject myself and my family to that? If state and local government would address these issues more people would opt for urban living.
This is the singular best utube video I have ever seen THANK U
I live in Portland it's so exciting the zoning changes that have passed here. It'll take a while for the effects to be felt, but so much land has been opened up to be not-single-family-zoned.
After they list what races can't live there they specified: but if they're a servant it's ok...
Lots of vacant office space too as remote work has become the thing.
Bagged milk had been on use on Canada for as long as I can recall. It's more economic. (Less plastic, less weight, less fuel used for transport). That being said, cow milk is terrible in terms of greenhouse gases, and also there is great cruelty on dairy industry.
LOVE THIS!! So informative and funny. Thanks for making!
I support the environment, but his motives are very capitalistic. If your idea of fun and enjoyment is centered around your access to local businesses and shopping, then you have a very consumeristic and materialistic understanding of life. Kids are physically and mentally healthier and happier when they spend their free time outdoors, not focusing all their time and energy on the next overpriced fad toy made by child slaves in the 3rd world.
Except I don't want to live in over crowded urban centers with high crime and no green space.
Youre great dude
I knew I recognised this guy. He has a pretty cool channel on pool
You put the bag of milk into a holder. It's essentially a carton without the cardboard (which is solely there for structural purposes only, so you're left with just the plastic coating inside), and the holder replaces that structural component.
Meanwhile in Australia I wish I could afford NOT to be stuck living in an apartment/town house. Property developers are ruining housing here with cheap poorly constructed apartments.
Love this channel, brother
I have some serious questions about this. The biggest being that with property ownership being the single the greatest factory in increasing generational wealth; how does increasing rental property help people attempting to rise out of poverty? There is no long term value for persons renting over time.
The neighborhood corner grocery store/neighborhood hub have been zoned out of existence in residential neighborhoods since the the 50’s.
building up? ha. sounds like a good way to get god to come down and confuse our languages and spread us across the face of the earth
The collaboration we didn't know we needed 🤣
I'm here for the nakey-jakey meets not just bikes
I'm a young architect invested in the future of sustainable construction and well designed density. Really cool to see this conversation become more "mainstream."
In addition to the problems mentioned in the video: - cardboard houses which will not last very long - not to mention hurricanes and the like - poor to no insulation -> huge amounts of energy needed for heating/cooling - uneducated Americans - switching on the air-con in winter instead of reducing the heater (and vice versa) or switching on the light instead of opening the blinds - inefficient cars, easily gurgling down eight times more gas than European cars  ... ...
Hell yeah, brother!
Yeah but letting "poor innocent developers" build whatever they want also results in high rise buildings being build everywhere to speculate on their future price, basically destroying the housing market as a whole. Suburbs suck, but so does financialization of housing. Just letting developers build anything is not the solution. This probably goes beyond the scope of the video but it should be mentioned at least.  Developers will gladly feed you all the information and ammunition you need to "save the environment" when, in fact, sometimes the only thing that happens is they become richer off of selling housing units to speculating investors. There is simply NO POINT to zoning reform without regulating the housing market.
Alright.... a bag of milk is a thing in India because it is cheaper to produce and quick to.....bag. We have something called a co-operative system where milk from local farmers is collected at multiple locations within a village, shipped to a pasteurizing plant close by, pasteurized and "bagged" on the same day and ready for consumption by the next day. These are shipped to retailers close to the pasteurizing plant itself so that it don't have to travel long distances. Reduces transportation costs, production costs and ensures a steady fresh supply for the hundreds of millions who consume it daily. Also butter milk and yoghurt from local farmers are supplied this way. They don't have sophisticated bottling plants at their homes. So either you can go to their farm with a bottle to collect it or you can go to a local store and get these "bagged" buttermilk/yoghurt.
I've had milk in like almost capri-sun type bags. Just stick a straw in it and s u c c
We had bags of milk in the Netherlands during the Early seventies. Only difference is that the supermarkets here provided us a handy can to put the bag in _for free,_ and it worked!  (That is, until Tetra Pack invented their cardboard milk container technology, which is still in use today.)
Most people don't want to live in high density housing, and would prefer to live in a single family home where they cannot hear loud thumps as their neighbors drop bowling balls on the floor.
Sorry, but the "s" is silent in "culs de sac" ... It's french for "bag's ass" and is pronunced "Q deu sack" approximately !
Rockefeller did it.
Did you perchance mean Cleveland factories from moving into Euclid? Cause, Chicago is like 5 hours away from Euclid.
My hometown of Englewood, Colorado has begun to slowly change with new duplexes and triplexes replacing old outdated houses. I'm on my fourth house and it can be a struggle to keep up all that's needed for a single family home.
I love and want SFH in Oahu
The issue with guys / channels like this is that they speak from a point of view so few Americans are living from. Single , young , no kids , no real responsibilities of any kind. Trust me whatever you think you have to deal with are a joke compared to kids.
So the solution is living with 6 kids , two cats and a giant dog in a apartment. Lol. All this is true but who cares ? It’s too far gone just stop pretending it’s fixable.
God damn hippy
When I look at statistics I see it is a group of people bleeding the US dry. Something like 85% of the crimes and 80% of the welfare is from/goes to ONE SINGLE DEMOGRAPHIC.
I don't much care about zoning or meetings. But your riotous stache and gratuitous use of Hulk Hogan footage earned you a subscription today brother.
We need to be de-zoning and removing human construction in many regions, especially coastal low lands where it should be a crime to sell a home to someone with a thirty year mortgage without detailed disclosure of future sunny day flooding.
Hell yeah bröther!
Wow, this glosses over so many economic policies.
Cute leather ANTIFA jacket.
to be fair, the suburb you filmed in is beautiful
Rather than find a way to keep the US population at the present number, we instead need to concentrate on learning to live like a colony of carpenter ants.
I think the mentally deranged tap drinkers from the city should learn to keep their tap drinking ways inside of the city, thanks. 👍
American zoning increases consumption of everything. Capitalism's life blood.
This was a really neat video! I used to live in Belmar, that place was pretty awesome. Used to take the bus to work then skateboard the rest of the way. Can confirm you can get anywhere from there. There's an absolutely incredible walking path that was never crowded. A fantastic space to longboard. A great library just a hop and a skip away. (Why did I say that?) Oh! A Michaels just across the way if arts and crafts is your thing. RMCAD practically shares a parking lot with Casa Bonita (Southpark fans you know what I'm talking about) You're just a ride away from Sloane's lake another incredible skate location. As well as food in EVERY direction. Theres a lot of fantastic amenities and convenience about living in areas like this  but the skyrocketing prices in Colorado make you think twice about being able to stay there.  On top of the quickly spiral affordability the homeless problem is out of control. The bus stops are often littered with needles and smeared with feces and many other odd objects that make you piece together strange narratives as you shuffle by. (I mean REALLY weird stuff, sometimes horrific) It is an incredible place but with the rise of living cost, an archaic minimum wage and an increase in both the homeless population and spending make it hard to recognize.
Love the video! Bags of milk - a part of Canadian childhood. 4, 1 Litre bags (in a bag). You needed a container to hold the milk bag, and when you cut a "spout" into the bag you usually spilled milk all over the place.
If we build these theoretical "townhouses" next we'll be forced to buy milk in bags! I caught that that slip up you forgot to edit out! Now I'm onto this communist agenda! 🧐🔍 Great video 😄👍
So sad, that in America even families are singles by now. Really lonely country
I get so fucking mad just thinking about single family homes, and I live off of Euclid Street in suburban hell Orange County, CA. I love that jacket though.
Where is he in this video?
OK. Bag of milk. Everyone in Ontario canada has a carton where you drop the milk bag into and then it works just like a jug. When you're done with it, just throw the bag into recycling. It's way better at eliminating waste with plastic jugs.
I live in the netherlands and I've never seen a bag of milk like that. Although, I'm vegan so I don't go looking out for it. I think I would have noticed it in the local Albert Hein though.
BAG OF MILK? You must be from Ontario....
But what about paranoid soccer moms who wouldn't let their kids walk outside in any place categorized as a mixed zone?
Live in the pod. Eat the bugs. Own nothing.
10:34 actually, all 6 sides leak energy. There are apartments with only 1 of those 6 sides exposed to the outside and even that is the narrow side. You would be amazed at how easy it is to keep such a place heated/cooled. I've done it for less than 1/10th the annual energy cost of other places I've lived.
First off, I used to live near Belmar, it was awesome. And I ike the point in theory.  Having said that, this only works in theory because mixed use is EXTREMELY classist as it is set up now. As a transplant to Austin who doesn't have a 200k/year job but works downtown, mixed use is either unattainably expensive apartments where they jack up the rent as often as possible for "market rate" or even more unattainably expensive condos. Denver is just as bad. We have to buy/live out in the middle of nowhere because only the rich can live in mixed use. Until there are price controls in place, this will continue to be another form of classist housing. I fracking hate that this is our reality. Maybe telecommuting will help, but so many employers require in-person even when it isn't necessary.
Typical soy boy hipster
Christ, what a terrible video that hits all the typical alarmist, zealous, abstract, boogeyman zoomer boxes of racism, classicism and climate change while secretly trying to shame your average working class family man for wanting *gasp* a car and a house. The reality of the situation is that most people definitely would rather live in a decent sized house and own a car if they had the choice between that and no car and a shitty apartment that has a “cool local pizza place” on the corner and a Vons. These people just want to work and live and raise their families in a decently sized house of their own with a front and backyard and a car and there’s nothing wrong with that at all. We’re here to worry about that, about our families and paying our bills, not to satisfy what YOU deem is “better” for people because of alarmist “climate change” bs.
you put the milk bag in a pitcher
We're not going to be "burned to the ground by climate change".
This video is brilliant. Wow. This is how YouTube should be used.
For someone who lives in a cul-de-sac I found this particularly informative.
These walkable cities you describe are not cheap at all and you get little living space.  Great for single people or couples but not great for kids.  Did Covid show us nothing about urban congestion, people living on top of each other.  If you want of of these walkables cities that are not fill with Yuppies you are gonna have crime problems, also not great for kids.  Having families is on of the main reasons people move to suburbs.
The bag of milk thing slayed me omg
My hometown in Washington state 10 years ago was mostly rural suburbs and recently it’s sister city constructed a massive amount of suburban homes and has began putting in conjoined town homes en mass, my home town has followed suit with hundreds of town homes popping up central to the city, and thousands of apartments beginning construction right across from my childhood home. Many people are upset with the city going from a small mountain town into a small city, but without these developments I would have no hope of being able to afford living there with my wife and child comfortably even with our 80-100k a year income. Suburbs are one of the worst things to happen to young Americans I’ve experienced. Out here a kinda crumby house can cost 2800 dollars a month to rent, and it’s normal 💀.
This was incredible. Thank you for all the work on this video, respect.
I feel personally attacked by this bag of milk fiasco.  Lived in Ontario for a long time lmao.
Where can I get that jacket though
These types of places just bulldozed the forest across from our home to put a bunch of these houses in. They're directly across from 2 compact trailer parks and I'm sure in a couple years we're gonna start having neighbor issues. I live in the trailer park.  My brother crashed his bike in front of their "lawn" and his friends and him stopped to deal with his leg and his bike. So they pulled off into the lawn to not block the sidewalk. They got the POLICE called on them for it. Luckily the officer was really understanding so he didn't really do anything about it lol.
If there is already a single family housing, and then high density multi family housing is added on or around that existing single family housing, without close groceries, recreation, etc. Then we have an even bigger traffic constraint waiting to happen. How can we make sure they dont create a bottle neck in that sense?
I can agree with the idea of minimizing our carbon footprint, but I think energy production is the area we can make the most difference. Covid has started to scare people out of cities and they migrate to either suburb or rural areas because being so close to so many people makes the spread of illness much more prevalent. Personally, I hate city life, so turning suburbs into cities isn't exactly my favorite idea, but I'll up end up a rural area at some point so I suppose it doesn't matter too much.
Personally I have no desire what so ever to live in a city where everyone is stacked like cord wood and crime is rampant. No thanks, you enjoy that life.
Perusal, racism is the key component to stunting America growth but some how its still practiced. Thanx Rollie
@17:31 ageism is still in fashion in Climate Town
I had a strange feeling of relief not seeing Italians on that black list
a bag of milk? tf
Pretty much artificial job growth,  Building out creates more jobs.
Thank you for this video ive been trying to tell people why the suburbs are bad and nobody gets it i live in the worst suburbs in the world the nearest bus is 10 miles away and isn't open 24 hours so its practically impossible to get a job unless you have rich parents to buy you a car its bullshit
Milk bags came in when Canada went metric. It was because manufacturers had to keep making quart containers for the US market and making liter containers as well would be too expensive. You get a pitcher designed for the bag, slide the bag into the pitcher and snip off a corner.
It would be so nice to live in a condo with neighbors blasting rap music at 3 AM.
14:53 you mention "bags of milk" as a bad idea, but the reason behind it is to use the least materials possible and make production easier, as opposed to card board milk boxes. The bags are put by the consumer in reusable plastic containers which allows to stack in in the fridge. Also in South America and Europe, for example, milk companies put some type or natural preservative which allows for the milk to not go bad or spoil for months even if left out side of the fridge, it's amazing this is not used in USA or Canada yet, this shows Milk companies want the milk to go bad as fast as possible one purchased by the consumer forcing to buy more milk by short life-time frames regardless if used or not.
Where did you film this? Those suburbs look like the suburbs of Boulder
Having lived in apartments, townhomes, and condos most of my youth, I’ll pass. You enjoy those neighbors, I’ll take the quiet. High density housing SUCKS!
Speaking of "bags of milk," when are you going to talk about animal agriculture's impact on the climate?
lots of ppl want the walkability, but lots of people don’t want to live near each other. suburbs provide the illusion of having your own space. (...and you know, racism still being a thing;;)
You managed to keep your shirt on in this video! Congrats!
This video is life. You’ve got zoning, you’ve got bagged milk, you’ve got 90’s music. It’s the multi purpose zoning of YouTube videos.
People need places to live what’s your idea. You’re saying that rich and poor people have to live on top of everyone. Yeah apartment parking lots are safe ? We have a lot of land in the USA. In case you haven’t noticed.
Incredible
Americans don't want walkable neighborhoods. The right will scream about how it's evil socialism coming to put them and hobbit homes and the left will squeal abouts how it's racist gentrification coming to push minorities out of their neighborhoods. There is a reason why when put to a vote the status quo wins in an overwhelming landslide
Forces people to buy cars... and makes it impractical for public transportation. Zoning is this way by design.
This was so interesting!! I've always wondered why American suburbs look so... Weird compared to most European suburbs
oh yes, real estate developers, the real victims here
Liked this despite the leftwingerness.  Just joking (sorta) cool video. Informative, funny.
We're doomed unless this fervor around having 20 kids ever ends. Spoiler....it wont.
14:50 he rants about a totally normal thing like a bag of milk (hello from Poland, yep we buy our milk in bags too) while I'm screaming internally bc there's a Bolesławiec cup on the table next to the mic! Brother you have a good taste in pottery!
Can't have Mongolians moving in next door.
Fuck all that. Having acres of land and a small farm is totally worth the drive into town
you should live in a pod and eat bugs.
Ah, but, you see, those single family homes are a lot cheaper and easier to build, also generally safer for their inhabitants, than highrises. Also, they provide not only a roof over the head, but a private garden at the back, where the families can have their own pools, trees, and flowerbeds, or grow their own fruit and vegetables if they so choose. If a typical US family home costs around $250,000 nowadays, to provide the same level of comfort and space in a highrise costs easily half a million or well above.   And what are you going to do when the structures age? American suburban homes are easy and cheap to maintain, or, if need be, just to bulldoze and rebuild from scratch. Not so with highrises that cost a fortune to maintain and are generally very difficult to keep in good shape anyway and that may have to be dynamited when no longer serviceable or that may just collapse killing their inhabitants, as we've seen recently in Florida.
I will continue to fight zoning changes to allow multi family houses to be built in my township. Don't care what any of you people have to say, i'm not living in a tiny urban cube.
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO.  I just learned my town has a survey going on right now to revisit our now defunct 90s era shopping mall, and dual commercial/residential spaces are on the table :) time to get involved and be the annoying kid at the zoning meetings...
Lame. Humor. Wastes time. I quit this video.
Hey now, I liked Villa Italia, grew up shopping there and walking (or taking the RTD) several miles sometimes to go to the book store.  Although, I don't think I ever saw the parking lot full, it wasn't necessary to have it so large.  And now all that housing that's gone up is super expensive.  I understand what you're saying about zoning laws, and I agree that single-family housing is a bit of a problem.  But it's not the only problem and it comes with it's own major issues.
Single family houses is racist . Period
Packing people closer together is not the singular answer. You can have medium density housing with public transportation and well-designed city-centers. Did nobody learn anything during the pandemic?
This isn’t happening only in America. In unregulated countries like Ukraine, suburbs are beginning to expand. And the people that want to move in are doing it literally just to have that “American dream” feel to their lives. What the fuck comrades I mean cmon
Curse of the McMansion made palatable for the youths! Ty for explaining all this toxic shit that I struggle to explain and just end up sounding against cars lol
"Buy a bag of milk."  As an American, I feel attacked.
Bag of milk helps reduce the product waste. You're welcome.
I finally realized who you look like. Joel Haver
It's funny how America brains are shouting about their ''FREEDOM'' but when you criticize their stupid super strict zoning they shout on you instead of the inhumane way their cities are built
14:51 love your mug. Is it Boleslawiec mug?
This whole video is you blaming the wrong things over and over, only to suit your wishful thinking What you are fighting for is not a solution to a problem. Its nothing but a way to torture people and prolong the inevitable.  10:25 The houses are energy intensive because you build them that way. Build them in a more "Raaaajsist" aka more intelligent, expensive, with higher quality better insulation and you wont have that problem. But then the africanos cant afford them! Unless they are  some corrupt LBM leader or filthy rich hipper hopper.   10:44 Then build those more expensive "raaajsist" nuclear reactors they are deemed enviroment friendly by the United nations. But why on earth would it lead to blackouts? You never explained that. Stop building unreliable wind/solar power and you wont have black outs.  13:59 No, the increased population have resulted in skyrocketed housing prices you have close to a 10% pop increase every 10th year. Keep that up for 100 years and see what happens. This is just irrespoinsible. I dont mind you digging your own grave but youre bringing everyone else down with you as well.  If we only could put all neolibs in a plastic bag and send them to Mars and let them live there in a pod, every problem humanity have would be solved over night.
3:30 neuron activation
🤣 let's get back to those looms, those arms aren't going to year themselves off
Bag of milk 😂
Apartments are: cramped, depressing, noisy and a completely unnatural way of living. But nice try on the vid
I would like for us all to get average travel distance to less than 4 miles a day before 2050.  In less than 100 years we will have to decide to stop burning fossil fuels or die.  When we are eventually forced stop burning fossil fuels 90% of people will be unable to walk to work, food, or any kind of shopping and the economy will take a permanent nosedive.  We still have time now (and the ability to still burn fossil fuels safely) to reduce the average travel distance by a couple of percent every year until we won't need to travel that far.  In fact, if we could get the average travel time per day for everyone to less than 4 miles a day, we could still drive fossil fuel cars for the next few hundreds of years without destroying the planet.  Think about that for a minute.  No new technology, just make smaller inner-city walkable communities.  Yes the city you live in might be 30 miles wide, but the real problem for the environment when you have to drive 5 miles just to do your grocery shopping, or 20 miles to get to work.  We can keep all the 30 mile wide cities, but give people all the shopping, work, school, and entertainment within 2 miles of home and just watch when people start buying 1 gallon of gas a week instead of 10.  Next time a house burns down in the middle of a neighborhood, turn it into a small grocery store with no parking, tons of people that live within a mile of it can walk to it, reducing traffic and saving gas for later.
Portland has done a pretty good job connecting to suburbs via bike corridors. Most of the outlying areas, within 25ish miles of Portland’s city center, in any direction, can be traveled via bike rather safely. Connectivity is key!! If all the little suburbs catch on and help make adequate roads and multi-use pathways, we can have thriving neighborhoods with more than JUST houses.
I hate to knit pick, Climate Town and Not Just Bikes, but you've opened this door yourselves by starting a discussion that includes what we ought to do about climate change: it should not be a 'normal' thing to go buy a bag of milk, regardless of whether one does it via soul-crushing car traffic or a bicycle or walking. Dairy is horrible for the environment, period (putting aside questions of ethics and morality). To go on and on about the effect of bad city planning on climate change, to then continue to normalize dairy, is horribly ironic.
Surely by now the average "family" is between 1 person, divorced, living alone and 2 people, either a single parent with a child or a couple that doesn't want kids.  The "average" household is surely fewer than 2 people by now.
So can we get your opinion on nuclear power?
I like how all the good European examples are just the Netherlands. It makes sense. It's a great place to live.
I'm talkin' about FREEDOM brotherrr! No zoning! No HOA's! No restrictions!
Hi density mantra “who’s with me” crickets
I always find it really funny when an American hears the words "bag of milk," because to me it's totally normal and doesn't even catch my attention, and then they always make a big deal out of it because to them, it's an abomination.
William nilliam omg
Going by the comments, I see two major trends... people who grew up in the city and never want to live there again, and people who grew up in the suburbs and never want to live there again.
A few helpful ideas for all those single family homes already across the whole country - slap solar panels on the roof and install an electric car charger to power your electric car!  It's a way to make lemonade out of our lemon housing stock!
Me 21 minuets ago: Oh a video on Zoning! Me 20 minuets and 59 seconds ago: Oh a 21 minuet video on Zoning... Me now: How does this only have 550K views?
I work for a school district in California. Bag of milk is a thing for kids lunches. Its not just Amsterdam!
Fun fact: The flight to the suburbs is what created the hippie culture and the collapse of the downtown areas.
Great first three minutes. Instant sub for me.
Long live bags of milk
basically, its the big auto/oil/airline/single family housing tycoons and all cronies who are preventing high speed rail/ligh rail/public transport/pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure and small business from moving forward and the suckers who have bought into this lie beat their chest and accuse anyone who doesnt love this model of being a ''commie'' traitor. Nice. So truly, most of the so called conservatives in Murica are the most dumbed down hipocrits in the world. Eyes further opened and a bit frustrated. They shall know the truth and it shall set them free. Corporate crony capitalism/car centricism, and big oil along with single family housing ceos know they are killing Murica and loving it. Sad thing is how many people will still be asleep long after videos like this expose the truth. Single family housing is real American communism because it is literally forcing everyone to drive cars and live in the suburbs. Doesnt sound lie freedom to me.  Only in Murica do people walk and ride bicycles as ''recreation''. No wonder people are so fat and dumb here. Masonic hegelian dialectic. Lodge in every town to control their narrative.
Yes. We should all move to the densely populated Utopias of rising murder rates and free zone shoplifting. It’s Eco Logical! 😂 After you my single unicorns!
Suburbs sound pretty based. Maybe we should turn the clock back? 🤔
We D R A W the same lines that later choke us.   Can we not forgive and speak the Truth?
Fresh soy milk from a hand cart... In a plastic bag, is an essential part of Bangkok street food. Especially at night.
A plastic bag full of ice made from mysterious water filled with Coca-Cola that you drink with a plastic straw is how people survive the Bangkok summer.
suburbs are so unrealistic to me
It IS a condemnation of parents to allow you two to shoot BB guns at each other. So what you had no car! So what the nearest business was far! You don't go around shooting at each other! Ride your bike! Take a skateboard and do it responsibly! Just goes to show how your upbringing was different. 'Course I was brought up in the 60's and 70's. Suburb life was not doing stupid things that could harm others or each other.
...duh!!  when there are a  100 million more people the laws about housing will change... Humans are built for adaptation...
It doesn't matter that you two couldn't shoot worth crap that you two didn't lose an eye. BB Guns are dangerous! A person I knew now passed away refused to give his son a BB gun because he didn't approve of what the kid wanted to do. Randomly shoot squirrels. Not to eat but just to kill and hurt them. The guy was a responsible single parent!
"Sepia times" LOL!
100 million from where?
Turn down the exposure, my eyes hurt.
Not just bikes sounds like CGP GREY!! who is with me?
Dude, growing up in the suburbs was absolute hell. As an adolescent, it gives you zero freedom from your parents because they have to drive you everywhere. In middle school/high school, people used to congregate at the "SPL", the Safeway Parking Lot, because that was literally the only place to go. Talk about depressing.
My opinion after watching the first two minutes: We don't need more dense housing because rentals keep people poor and grow the economic divide. My opinion after watching the video: I think you underestimate how dislikable dense housing (apartments) are for many people, and how different living in a house vs an apartment can be. I have lived in one for only a year and a half now and it would be an understatement to say my passions have been crushed and my mental state has declined dramatically. I have been told by my apartment manager that I have to make sacrifices to cater to my neighbors when living in an apartment. Apartment living is not as free as single family homes. I can't aspire to live in any form of dense housing when 1. I can't enjoy my passion of playing guitar, which is my therapy and my mental state has not been as well since I cannot play it now 2. I can't enjoy my passion of working on my car or even parking it in a safe area 3. I can't drop stuff on the floor or make any form of loud noise without my anxiety of getting a noise complaint and loosing my home 4. I have limited storage, and also because of that I cannot grow my hobbies that may require large machinery in the future 5. I cannot do many hobbies that I may want to persue in the future such as grilling  6. I cannot enjoy music at a loud volume, which is a personal thing but I'm sure many people agree 7. I cannot reasonably own a pet dog 8. As a computer nerd, my current apartment limits certain network things that are just annoying I'm sure many people have their own reasons, but for these, I will never be able to be fully happy in sort of city plan that you talk about in this video, no matter how cool and nice it would be to walk around, my personal time at home matters the most to me and I am not prepared to sacrifice that.
Wow! So you think it totally normal to try to shoot each other in the head with a BB gun? Lucky both of you, you didn't put each other's eye out! BB guns aren't to be used like toys! Shame on you and your buddy! I grew up in the suburbs too and we didn't do stupid things like shoot at each other with BB guns in the back yard. I lived in the suburbs and we had what they call neighbors on each side of our yards and we didn't do anything stupid that could be an accident! The boys used to play baseball in the street and when my brother hit the ball and broke a window mom marched him over there apologize for what he did and his allowance wasn't given to him. It was given the neighbor to pay to fix the window. After that happened no one played baseball in the street again. They went to the school down the street where they could play and not hurt anything.
Our primary trait at the level of society seems to be self-destruction.
@1:30 (video length on screen 20:49) "Holy sh*t! Why is it so long‽ Why‽ Just make it shorter!"  Narrator: But he did not make it shorter.
8:22 Nice!
Sadly, in BC you can't get bags of milk. I used to have the container that fit bags of milk, but after they discontinued milk bags, I think I through it out.
I grew up drinking milk from bags (not like that - but a bag of milk) - that was delivered by the baker every morning with 6 hot loaves of bread.
Make a video about Curitiba - a city in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil. The urban bus system even scored a special edition of Scientific American dedicated to transportation.
Efficient, yes. Fulfilling? Have you ever been surrounded by loud neighbors from all sides? Fulfilling my ass
Lost me at the “buying a bag of milk”
HOA’s, aka, the house Nazis
I lived in a two on a lot condo neighborhood.  It was a nightmare.  Noise, crowding, traffic, and smells.
Why wouldn't you just stop immigration? America's population isn't growing by itself. If you care about the environment, adding 100 million consumers isn't helping
High density housing good for chickens but a nightmare for humans.  Only a defective person enjoys crowding and being surrounded by nothing but concrete.
This guy is adorable..
This is the weirdest pool video I've ever seen.
Euclid did that to keep that factories from "Cleveland" moving in, not Chicago.
Yep develop the ultimate in high density housing. No need to reinvent the wheel. Follow the designs for Borg Cubes
IDK i moved 4 times in 2 years due to horrible neighbors, id almost rather watch the world burn than live next to another piece of shit neighbor again.
Well,  your population increases is in  doubt.  According to the US census bureau,  the CDC and the US immigration and naturalization service,  the population will only by increase by approximately 30 million, possibly less, if current trends continue.  The US is going from 5 million live births to 3 million by 2025. Deaths will increase from 2.8 million to 4 million by 2028. Immigration will only grow from 1 million to 1.5 million by 2026. So we shouldn't have a housing,  unless foreign  or private business buy all the property.....
Bag of milk?
"Freest country in the world" lol ok
Bag of milk takes less plastic than a jug so it's less wasteful since most people don't recycle.
I just find it funny how strongly Americans oppose normalcy. On all fronts.
This seems more inline with what, Dave Chappel was actually in the media here recently going on about. There's a lot of outlets that are really dropping the ball with regards to the subject.
I hear Detroit has plenty of low cost property for you to develop your paradise. What are you waiting for?
I was thinking about the term "R-1" and how that is in the name of the school district I work for (Jeffco R1) when I realized you were standing in front of the Jeffco Courthouse. This explains a lot. ETA: Villa Italia was a shitty mall indeed.
I really want a bag of milk for some reason brother.
a bag of milk? lol
Zoning laws suck. Allow builders to build. But I’ll never sacrifice my house and 6 car garage for a dense urban environment 🤮
Dude you need more videos. I just binged through them all. Super good. I literally just saw this year's GM car commercial for the superbowl and they yelled something about reducing their carbon footprint and I was like "oil companies started that to put to blame on us while they're the worst polluters on the planet!" If you were there I feel like you'd have nodded in approval lol
Why would I want to live in a apartment with 300 other people around me. You will learn real quick people are violent and evil and when they are literally on the other side of a a wall from you...you are not protected
The USA is demostrably a prudish nation as can be witnessed here where words like 'shit' are bleeped.
I hate living in the city, I look forward to moving a good fifty miles away, in the next few years. I might enjoy it if I had my own private land to garden on, like I do now, and there wasn't constant traffic, and loud neighbors.
Don't ever insult Canada or our milk bags again
I, a European who loves checking out cities in Europe on foot, tried to convince my friends in Minnesota that maybe it would be cool if we could explore downtown Minneapolis while I visited America. They thought that was dumb, and having attempted it myself, I get it. That city is not meant to be explored on foot. -P.s. China has beer in a bag.
omg two of my favorite channels!!
Rollie, you of all people should be a supporter of bags of milk. Litterally the most environmentally friendly form of milk packaging there is.  Take it from me.  I'm an expert because I just googled it.
Economy is right, gas and oil magnates are right, mega-factories are right, rich guys with personal jets are right - people living in single houses are wrong, oh so wrong. Come on, get real! People have always lived in single houses, that's the way to go. Any kind of sharing housing is unnatural and actually sucks.
I love you
I break out the window at 6 to meet my friend 300 meters away to play. Everyone know it and 4 hours later I came back and said, I was always in my room. Everyone know it what I didn't at the time 🤣 At 8 we built a treehouse with the wood of an friend. Good times. Man, it was madness some time, but would never miss it and all the story's we have. Greetings from Austria
This was really odd.
People in the suburbs, therefore, are using up much more arable land; and are playing a part in climate change. It shows a selfishness.. all about them.
Dude your own footage is washedout/overexposed… :( it’s a bit of a shame since your videos are so well put together.
No worries, the unfolding demographic cliff will give us an abundance of available housing.  The future problem will be an excess of empty houses.
...and if you really like this channel, I mean in an unhealthy way, you can... LOL! Not Just Bikes brought me here. Rollie, this was a really great video!
Nothings gonna change though. Too many industries rely on this models and the people who have enough to “enjoy” the living/working arrangements of single family homes won’t give it up for anything. We were doomed a long time ago, these parasites are bleeding the world dry.
See, we used to have this thing that was more compact than a suburb, yet less dense than a city. It was called a village or small town. Typically, people would live where they worked, and thus have easy access to the services of their neighbors.
99.9% support this. The 0.1% that doesn't is my inner introvert which is sobbing uncontrollably at the thought of a civilizational norm of living in high density areas with all those...people. Ew.
Decent video. Why the need to call people racist.
haha enjoyed this! The jokes are lol ;)
The US is the most free country in the world? that's the stupidest widespread missbelief in the world
Why does Jason never show his face? Is there something we should know or not know?
Sometimes get frustrated at how long it takes for a new episode (Instant gratification junkie?) but your videos are sooooo worth it! Thanks for all your hard work:-)
I live in Denver and Belmar is great but also a lot of these types of these types of areas never start our affordable. If the people working in the stores below could afford the rents on Day 1 of the apartments opening then that would be great but they are just another piece to the 'luxury apartment' phenomenon that exist in the US right now :(
Funny thing: city planning becomes a profession in about 1900 in the US - "the land of the free", meanwhile it stop being a thing after 1989 and end of communism era in Poland. Anyway, 33 years later and our towns and cities look like dumpster fire.
Absolute bullshit. Cities are unbearable and unliveable. You were born in the suburbs, so you hate them. I was born in the city, and I hate it. Now, 40 years later I can leave at last 30 km away from the city, and it's fantastic. You forget one important thing, that the pandemic has showed us: a garden is a must for mental and physical health. Also: the future (and present) of working is no anymore in the offices in the city. Most works will (and are) done from home, using a computer. No need of commuting, no need of cars, no more contamination. The future is working from a single family home, close to nature.
I mean.. High density housing is shit regardless. I dont care about emissions or anything like that. Apartments are bad, duplexes suck, but so do suburbs in certain ways. High density is always having shitty people you live next to, and pay high rent for low quality housing, being at the whim of the economy, unmangable pests due to 1 bad tenant. This guy misses allot of points I feel. Prolly on purpose, advocating for non private housing. Prolly more left leaning im sure. Countryside is the best way to live tho. Say fuck all to people.
You forget the most important factor. All of the cities and suburban areas together make up under 3% of total land in the US. That area is projected to double in 30-40 years, but population growth will be 20-30%. This is all assuming nothing serious happens, like a horrible viral pandemic that actually kills or a war between superpowers instead of proxy resource wars. From what I can tell the vocal elite class of America really want more viral pandemic and earth shattering war.   Cities will be dystopian nightmares with all the poor shackled there while the Neo-Upperclass Excelcites live in the countryside sending in orders to their workers, who live in housing built and owned by the people they work for because there is no market competition within zoning laws meant to “protect” individuals. The demand for food grows because 80% of the country cannot and does not know how to grow food. Food producing land will become incredibly valuable and only the 3% will have the money and approval to zone for automated farming. Small farmers will be payed good money to leave their land, and they will because the cities have disrespected them for decades already. 50 acres would cement a few generations of wealth. If they do not they will be forced out with trade tax and market strangulation.   Then we can finally start enjoying real tyranny and oppression without any hope for a brighter future. We will be packed into dirty cities and told to be proud by celebrities that live in floating mansions above a blackened LA. Entertainment will be focused around educating the populace about the evils that they hold within them and how we should be thankful to live in an enlightened age.  There will be a generation of drone-like workers who will happily tell you how much better it is to be “inclusive” and all the evils that used to exist. This will of course be after they take their state mandated medication, if our overlords have not provided a more “convenient” way to make our lives “easier” because they are our caring and gracious rulers who have freed us from fear of being called names and feeling awkward.  What is the medication for? Asking such a question has no answer. You will be taking the medication or you will not. You will have a choice and you will be berated for daring to want more than two choices.   You will be labeled and separated for re-education. And that’s where you will find me, scraggly and feral writing something like this with my feces.
it's the best idea if everyone in the us just died. the world would be better place then
As someone who lives in an area with both suburbs and higher density living , roads are a huge problem. Houses are being built but no roads to support them. Schools are overfilled too, hoping there will be laws to force builders to plant trees and expand roads.
I STILL pay for the edutainment that's not good enough to be free and you should too!
You fool, you put the bag of milk in a pitcher and pour it from there. It's exactly as usable as a carton, but without having to throw out and replace the whole pouring device each time you want to refill the contents. The bags come fully sealed (no ties like the ones you pictured) so you just snip the corner off to open it. (It's like a big ketchup packet, except actually slightly better for the environment due to causing less waste than the alternatives.)
14:27 Haha zacskós tej goes brrr
this is such a weird take to me given my life experience. Im not going to claim to know more about climate change and that aspect of what youre saying seems to make sense. I'm 36, elder millennial if you will.  In my experience people dont want apartments. they want houses. They want to own property. and one big issue where im from, ( upstate NY) is that instead of making affordable houses, or selling houses to individuals, we see normal single family houses being sold exclusively to businesses who either rent them out or chop them up into multi family for rent. houses here are so prohibitably expensive because of scarcity here unless you move out to country side. i enjoyed living in cities, and i like being able to walk around my city/town. but i also want my own yard so i can use it. personally i enjoy growing peppers. and its impossible to find property thats not being chopped up into garbage "luxury" apartments that very few people can afford.  with apts there's no generational wealth transferred between generations, and thats something that minority communities are actually struggling with, as theyre only have maybe 1/2 real generations to start acquiring wealth to transfer on.
We may have milk in bags, but you have gasoline in bags.
2:27 as if on cue here;s a honda parking illegally
This is why I love living in Trondheim.
Such a good explanation of how America is. I had to watch it three times to catch more information. I would say jokes but since I live in the UK ( yes we are a joke) . Same is happening here.
This idea that nobody wants a single family home,  but they only get them because they can't get an apartment  is laughable.  Honestly it's likely the opposite in that,  if given a choice, most people would choose a house over an apartment.
A story as old as time democrat's create the problem. red lining, and block busting. Then tell you they have the solution soviet style block housing, to solve climate change a problem that they don't really want to solve. Then just want to tell the blebs to cut back and live poor. Wile they don't change their ways and continue to pollute  and consume
The elderly of America, Soylent green had a point then.
Not to be an ass but city living also kinda sucks. I live in an apartment right now and my only dream is having my own piece with enough space to not hear a single soul around me. I guess I'm an ass.
Now I'm going to have to look at the zoning of my rural Australia town, we don't really have much dense housing aside from deteatched units, and we have alot of new housing developments starting to sprawl
Wait. Did he just say "buying a bag of milk"?? I think I have spotted an Ontarians.
Great video! Thanks to NJB for sending me over here. When are you joining him on Nebula?
Very dynamic episode, and a great point.
R1 zoning also hurts small businesses and encourage people to shop at mega corporations. When every business can only be accessed by car and becomes a chore to get to people tend to want to shop at a “one stop shop” (Walmart etc). People are less willing to shop at smaller specialized shops and will be drawn to big box stores or mega online retailers which adds to the climate problem.
*Dave Chappelle has entered the chat*
Please don’t stop the long-form content. It’s pretty nice
That’s not what a big of milk is bud 🇨🇦😡🇨🇦😡🇨🇦😡
The bag of milk almost completely distracted me of what this whole video was about 😅
I loved growing up in the suburbs. Quiet, lots of walking and biking. Sure a lot of my friends were far away, that’s why I had to build the social skills to befriend neighbors as well as friends from school. I hope to raise my kids in the suburbs as well. Cities are great for city people, I’m not a city person so it’s great to live close enough to drive in the city, but far enough away to be insulated from the craziness and dirtiness of cities.
Milk bottles are worse for the environment than milk bags,  change my mind.
Congrats on your climate science and policy master degree!!! I love your channel! What you’re talking about is so important please never stop making YouTube videos!
15:53  Hello  shitty Dutch suburb city center in the middle of America. lol.  It even looks European.
Hey, Canada here - bags of milk are way cheaper and faster to package. K peace Murca
How about just stopping the population growth?
Eh I live in Minneapolis but fuck living in the city. I don't know who thinks living like this is a more fulfilling way of life. Dirty and cramped with shitty people on all sides of you. Go ahead and get rid of the zoning, but I know you same people will start trying to ban cars next. You only preach freedom when it fits your narrative.
Great content
I wanted to watch this but you called books boring in the first two minutes. No thanks, I’m smarter than that
100M more people? How about an immigration time-out to let the population drop?
Devils advocate here but like. What about being able to listen to your neighbour fuck. As far as I can tell no material could properly sound proof em other than detached homes
Honestly even if you allowed building appartements the suburbs crowd would be ready to protest the shit out of those constructions because it goes against their "values"
"buying a bag of milk" ? Who buys milk in "bag" form ???
Have you not looked at the anti growth laws in Lakewood Colorado?
Would be nice to  design a city... but honestly... sounds like we will sooner get hive cities than reasonable housing.
A "bag of milk" seems to be a thing in Canada.
A BAG OF MILK? Come again??
This channel is getting consistently better with every video I watch.
I loved your video. I sent it to my like-minded son, who told me to look up 15 minute city when i asked why he chose to live downtown slc. Im in my late 50s, and my soul is feeling a little shrinkage from having to drive long distances in az to get to a lot of things. I just want to say its a good thing youre doing. I am stick in the subs, but I lobby my hubby weekly to rethink this plan we have. He is retired, and on the hoa board, and everyone is currently up in arms over apts going in next to our planned community.  BTW, I remember in Portland Oregon in the 1970s that the stores sold gallon bags of milk for a while. I think they were made of mylar, and had a plastic cradle that you kept(?) to hold your milk in the fridge to keep it from rolling over, and leaking, and they had a plastic screw top spout, like what those bags of kid applesauce today have.  I mean, it's still plastic,  but maybe not as much, and maybe they don't end up floating in the ocean.  You could make your own cradle from an old milk pitcher.  Keep up the good work 👏
Sorry WRONG CHANNEL FOR ME ~ I PREFER SINGLE FAMILY in a CITY NOT SUBURBAN SPRAWL that requires obliterating the natural accents forcing sewerage and freeways and population out further away from the city centers taking political power and tax bases away from where it is needed
Imagine retrofitting 75% of the space in those old malls to be residential. All of a sudden they would be desirable again. And instead of 3 Radio Shacks, you just have one clothing store, a convenience store, and a grocery store. Everything you (really) need in one building!
I’m looking at homes right now, and I’ve decided being able to walk around my neighborhood and support small businesses are at the top of my list
whats you problem  make common buildings  like in europe
Wow, this video was fantastic! Good info, amazing editing!
obbseeeeeeessssseeeeeed with your chanel
I hated living in an apartment and will never go back to the nightmare of living in one again.
Wow. America used to be similar to Nazi Germany.
Glad I found you. Great job, but your Reanalyze"ObviouslyStupid"StuffFromRespectedSocieties module malfunctioned when you heard "bag of milk" (which jarred me, too). But consider: instead of that resource intensive plastic jug that resists flattening for recycling, what if one had a dedicated milk container at home. Nicer to handle and matches the decor. Big upgrade, for sure! But you gotta refill it somehow. How about a light, smushable, and eminently recyclable bag? ;-)
Caddyshack irl
It sucks to live in Austin TX where for some twisted reason, the voters here associate progressive zoning changes as a anti-progressive "bad thing" because they associate it with "big bad developers".  Seriously, the more progressive people here are the ones most opposed to zoning reform. Because they think developers are evil/greedy.  <sigh>
It sounds simple but here in my town developers are trying to get some sections of neighborhoods rezoned for medium density apt. buildings and retail shops. This means the destruction of old homes and mature trees. This old neighborhood has narrow streets that will be one massive traffic jam with 10 times the cars with 10 times the residents. The middle to lower-income folks that live in the old houses will be unable to afford to live in the new apartments. How is this helpful to anyone?
I live in a medium sized town in the PNW. We have 2 dead and empty malls that could become mini cities in their own right. They can house most of the houseless people and give some sort of job/income. By houseless i dont mean homeless junkies, i mean they ones that suffered job loss from the Rona.
I am a canvasser for a human rights organization and walking around US neighborhoods is what i do for a living. Simple thing about our neighborhoods, they suck, they are lonely, everyone has seperated themselves from community.
I spent way too much time on the internet growing up because the subdivision I lived in was built on an isolated tract separated from the rest of town by a winding 2-lane road with razor thin shoulders. People regularly sped at 60-75mph, and there were many 18 wheelers, dump trucks, and cement trucks going to further out developments. Then you had to cross a free-flowing highway interchange that was a death-trap for bikes, and a 4-lane stroad so dangerous that the DOT didn't bother putting in a crosswalk. My parents had to drive me everywhere. It sucked. One time two of my friends tried to bike to Blockbuster and one of them got hit by an SUV turning into a driveway. Fortunately he wasn't hurt bad but their parents were pissed, and his parents refused to buy him a new bike because they repeatedly told him to never ride on that road.  My parents were often upset with me for using the computer and watching TV so much. But they never quite seemed to get how little there was to do.
Shouldn't the focus be getting our society into a steady state situation with population, instead of always needing to build more? That would do so much more for climate change.
My wife and I just moved out of Queen Creek Arizona due to the sheer lack of environmental awareness that is going on there. If you drive down Ellsworth road( which is under construction for the 2nd lane widening in the last 4 years) you will see the sprawling landscape of single family and unaffordable homes going up in the area. They are literally building a new freeway( the 24 ) just to help with the traffic and future residents that move there and have to commute to the city. None of it is working though and you can see it in the businesses and shopping centers in the area. Everything is over crowded and there is always traffic. Lines are long and the Patience of the people are growing thin in the area.
So there were/are no racist zoning laws in Europe?
I want a house and land sorry
“Normal everyday things like…buying a bag of milk”. A bag!??
13:49 “Buying a bag of milk” What in gods name is a that? What possible advantages could that have that outweighs a normal plastic container? How do you re-seal it? Ziplock? How do you first open it? Does it have a tear here label and u rip it open and milk goes everywhere? How do you pour it? Do you to clumsily hold a bag of liquid while the opening flops all over the place and milk goes everywhere?
This one issue is the root problem behind every other issue. You fix this, you have a massive domino effect of other issues getting solved
Get rid of zoming let mobile and or manufactured homes be in and town state and city they are cheap and good
this looks like colorado springs. i near there and i hate it
I want to go to zoning meetings but I don't have a car and live in the suburbs 🥴
Bag of milk is sacred !
14:44 it's a thing in India cause a small local farmer couldn't afford any other kind of vessel. They get a bag everyday so storing it is never an issue cause you're consuming it the same day. In actuality it's much better than the American system cause you're getting fresh milk every day from a local source at a low cost  without all the unnecessary costs of marketing, packaging and branding.
1:00 what your missing is no one wants to live on top of eachother especially when you're dealing with a pandemic, isolation, defunded police, and an increase in crime. I grew up in NYC and happy to be in boring "suburbs" where I can have peace in my life for once.
I just found your cahnnel. Subbed! Funny shit.
When you don’t have enough money to buy a house, so you create a video calling them racist and environmentally unfriendly to justify your lackluster existence.
After growing up in a small town, then living in Minneapolis during college then NYC fo a decade, I would take an off-grid living situation any day after that trauma. Cities are only as good as the people who live there and run them, besides, when overpopulation happens in small areas people get agitated (many peer-reviewed journals have been published regarding this), and as we all found out these last couple years, diseases/viruses flourish. There are optimal population thresholds. I feel especially bad for elderly people in those high density places, so many times, ppl just ignored old people or let them be abused, then look at how they were all treated in NYC during the pandemic. Just to pick up my coconut milk at Whole Foods quick became a 1 hour ordeal (was not like that when I first moved to the city). No thank you.
This was actually so informative, engaging, and inspiring. Thanks so much for spreading the importance of this topic!!
so what you're tellin me is..... you want a city like Copenhagen?  I believe so.  Can't blame ya.
H*eck yeah! I love not just bikes!
Do the pet industry next!
A+ usage of Benny Hill theme
For me, suburban living is the best. Nice to be away from urban crowding, smelly or obnoxious factories. And there is actually somewhere to park youre car, everywhere you go for shopping. Climate change? who cares about that? The climate has always been changing, and always will, no matter what any of us do or dont do. Some people enjoy living in a dense city environment, and good for them, but a lot of people are like me, and prefer to live in their own home.
In the Mid 1800s or the "Sepia Times" 😂
You're not doing a good job promoting transit oriented development. All this cringey crying about racism, and the fact that you look like you smell, is incredibly off-putting. I agree with 95% of what you say in this video, but I found myself still wanting to click away.
ha ha climate change. im buzzing with communism
production is amazing. Also inspired by 1/2 Mil views after being released less than a week- not typical for inspiring videos about reality.   Side note-  I've been learning about how our zoning laws are whack here in Asheville, NC where the rates for our renter population- me , most of my life and many, many of the ppl who make Asheville 'go' is out of control!   This combined with the historical legacy of Urban renewal makes for a messy situation here.   Im a 'green' Repair/ renovation contractor (wha? - is that legal?) and been advocating for my clients to ditch their legacy oil furnaces and gas appliances.
Thank god for single family homes. I don’t want to hear my neighbors banging upstairs.
The older I get the more I consider U.S as garbage country. I guess hollywood were lying about how great the nation is.
You guys should do a video on cities that are the best
Wow, I am blown away with how well you combined such an important story with such great comedic timing and jokes! I need to learn this style of comedy.
..buying a bag of milk....really ? a bag?
shirt is from j. crew
I like how the dry cleaners is called "Lapels" 😁
Live where you want. That's how the USA and Canada operate. Nobody is stopping you from living where you want. The reason we have single family homes en masse is because that's what we want. It took over 18 minutes for you to figure out people aren't voting to destroy their lives. Now, name a single crowded city that is run properly. I can't think of a single suburb that isn't.
Tell me: which milk container is best for the environment?
Good video! Can’t believe I watched it all. You’ve probably done more good for the world by producing this than most people will do in their lives
so an unanswered question for you from the NJB video: what do you think about nuclear?
Umm so you want to place every one in a high rise where kids have no back yard of their own to run around in??  Don't need more of that shit!
14:23, Hey, that's Delft! Lovely place.
If you think high density housing is so good...think again. Greedy developers + high density = disaster.
This guy has both the best and worst outfit at the same time! Great content, and great collab with Not Just Bikes!
It is beyond common to find wall studs 6+ feet apart in the homes built up real fast in larger suburbs. It is so common to do a job in one and wonder how people feel justified spending money on a fake house.
You watch these videos because you want to improve America. I watch these videos to make fun of America. We are not the same.
cancon 😁
Argh "international" is "between nations".  Japan and Netherlands are "other countries" not "international countries"!  Americans!
...agic of editing. I was already going to subscribe but that sealed it for me. Bravo
Great video. Plenty of bagged milk  options to choose from where I come from🤓(Colombia).  To be honest maybe  it is more environmentally friendly?. It uses less plastic than bottles and it's cheaper. Dont know, as a kid I never even thought it was " a thing" . I am glad Colombia didn't quite follow the USA's way of building cities. It's more like a mix of Europe and USA
Remember when houses were 4800 bucks?
You should do a video about how North America doesn't have a Right to Light law and desperately needs one.  Central Park is a good example of why it's needed.
Well I think you've really been brainwashed to another way of living and are now making a list of reasons for why thats better.
Anglo-American Housing and Soviet Housing are two opposite extremes. Vancouverism should be applied to American cities as well as a combination between Dutch planning and Singaporeanism for Europe. In Europe we should also try to combine local materials and culture and re-interpret said heritage in a modern context - American planning could benefit from this strategy as well (i.e. Pueblo Housing in New Mexico).
this would be great if it didn't have a bunch of terrible side effects, ie lowering birth rates and how social people are and increasing depression
It's kind of ironic how they made a law to build only single family detached houses in order to keep out non-whites, but nowadays only rich Chinese people investing abroad are able to buy single family detached houses.
Why is America's population expected to expand by 100million people in 30 years if the boomer generation is dying off, and nearly all demographics in the country have a birth rate below replacement (with the obvious exceptions of the amish, for example). America and the western world are taking people from low income countries where they have low carbon emissions, to first world countries where their carbon emissions will multiply by many times. The scale of this is massive, so why is no one from climate circles calling this out?
I hope you are being sarcastic about the bag of milk thing, and that you actually know it is a thing.
Can you please make a video about Nuclear power please ?
Totally behind this, not really for the environment just want my bag of milk to be closer
A lot of people who live in suburbs whine about the death of malls, without realizing that malls were basically a bandaid on the suburban sprawl. They were designed to be a simulacrum of walking down Main Street.
you put bagged milk in a pitcher, you do not use it from the bag. also, relevantly, less plastic than jugs.
I read a bit of the article about the claim of how much Co2 does a mile of road produces. It does not quite adds up. Maybe 400 tons if you take 4 lanes. And the article is about Costa Rica, but you could say that the techniques are similar to the usa. Not sure about that. Still 400 tons areq a lot.
I'm in a small Oregon town that has seen a revival of its downtown since the single family zoning laws changed. It's been incredible to see the investment dollars come in to build higher density, mixed use buildings. The "city" is finally feeling livable.
Bag of milk is the most common way milk is sold here in Canada.  3 1 litre bags inside one larger bag. Lol
Zoning is racist, dirty and evil blah blah blah. This virtue signaling, "how dare you" mentality, all the while insulting major stakeholders because they are not twentysomethings does not help this poor guys weak argument for what amounts to nothing more than the need for better urban design. Not exactly a new concept just invented by a millennials. But I understand that it's fashionable for them to go around bitching about the previous generations screw ups and being angry all the time because they are not yet in charge. But this content compiler completely fails to realize that the US is not Europe and any stark comparisons is disingenuous and naïve and inserted for drama sake. The U.S. is young and has plenty of land for single family neighborhoods that still offer good value, safe investment and clean environments and the market will continue to offer and consume the single family dwelling neighborhood model for these reasons. The creator of this video blurb has also failed to mention that smarter zoning DOES exist and the "racist policy" of zoning as he describes it is the same tool used to create what he describes as the the utopian mixed use environment. While on a campaign to do nothing but criticize zoning for the misuse, abuses and missteps of zoning over the years, he has neglected to mention that zoning is the still one of the best tools in helping a community to realize it's vison for the future as recorded in it's comprehensive land use plans. Weak and neglected comprehensive plans that cannot or will not be followed by the community and elected officials causes much more harm than any overly ridged zoning policy. The more I hear people like Climate Change talking about the negatives of zoning with such overly simplified and slated terms, the more I realize how little they truly understand and even less experience they have on the subject. Climate Change is no Jane Jacobs and he is the last person I would want on any kind of meaningful steering committee or governing board. If the APA is endorsing this type of uneducated narrative they will soon lose my membership and support.
This is propagandaish. I'm all for high density housing... if you want it. But there's a tradeoff in that people aren't really supposed to live so close to one another and that cramming in a bunch of people from different cultural backgrounds never creates the rosey vision of friendship liberals want to believe it does. Ultimately this is what channels like this are pushing.  I live in a "diverse" neighborhood that's gotten move "diverse" over the years and the result is a phenomenon called "audio tagging". This is when people play loud bass or music through megaphones to show the world how ugly and disenfranchised they are.   I assume this channel is funded by a certain German philanthropist.
This is important, but I like having a backyard :(
Detached housing allows me to hang and butcher a deer and park and work on my vehicle. If we want to fully eliminate detached housing we need public spaces to allow people to do maintenance, projects or recreational activities away from prying eyes.
Bag of milk?  He must shop at QuikTrip.
Bullshit. People do in fact very much want single family zoned areas.
Rollie you magnificent bastard!
Tell me you’ve never been in a Kwik Trip without telling me you’ve never been in a Kwik Trip.
I don't suburbs or apartments are the answer, just move on into sunnyvale.
This kind of great information fills me up like a bag of milk.
This is the absolute best collab in all of YouTube! You guys are the best!
I've been telling my city this all the time, yet they keep building into the mountains - I feel bad for the bears there.
Never understood why people would ever want to live in a McCenotaph in the necropolis.
I don't use heating or AC, even when the temperature gets to almost 120F. It's bad for the environment
people don't like 'pack and stack' housing. I really believe in it! It increases crime, but is good for the environment.
thank you California! California's king of suburbs. Another reason not to live there.
0:53 hey that looks like where I live!
I'm literally stuck in the suburbs. I never liked them. People are meant for cities, but due to the pandemic, everyone's moving to them and it's bad!
thank you for coming back! I mix you and not just bikes up, so the collab really helps!
One thing that often makes me not want to live in cities/multi unit housing is the HOA fees and terms. In the western US at least it is common to have it be an additional 150-200 a month at least just to have someone shovel the walkway in the ever shortening winters
This is so weird and only matters to me, but the second neighborhood the Climate Town host walks through is one I worked on during it's development. I believe it's in Thorton, CO and built right on top of and next to an old dump. It's a huge development, but it's one of many in that area and the rest of the areas surrounding the metro area. CO has been building like crazy the last 6 or 7 years, and the market is saturated with $6-7-800K+ houses that are beyond unaffordable for me or my friends. I don't know anyone my age that doesn't live with their parents or 3+ roommates.
Ironic this was interrupted by a Burger King ad 😎
Well, I never make comments on you tube, but this short video explains so much.  It touches on systemic racism, explains why most of the US is architecturally disgraceful and depressing, and offers solutions for better living and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.  I have heard podcasts and news shows discussing these topics, but tying them all together in the name of climate reform was brilliant.  Thank you very much for sharing.
Are you sure zoning laws exist today because the people who live in those homes now, don’t want to live next to a sky scraper?  Not because some dead guy made a law?
What the F*** was this?! --> 0:51
Eh, sounds good until where you live is overbuilt with multi-use areas like the one being applauded in this video.  My parents 5 house cul-de-sac is unrecognizable now and is a nightmare to; drive a car, walk, or bike out of.  Even know they are flanked by two "mixed use" developments.  When before these developments happened it was easy and not congested.  The problem is, everyone in the mixed use areas still all buy cars.  It doesn't change anyone's attitude on driving.  Anyone that lives or works in NYC knows what i mean.  Access to all the bus's and subways in the world and people still want a car to drive.
Too much anti white probaganda. YOu act like whites are the racists yeah but why Jews own USA then?
Except increased population density causes increased social tensions. When was the last time there were riots in a rural area? Then there’s the simple fact that a dense urban population is easier to control and manipulate by government, especially their movement when people are reliant on public transit. Then this is reliant upon maintaining a utility grid that can’t handle existing loads. Spread out, live rural if you can.
I agree that the suburbs suck, and are an uninspired facade. As gross as my liberal, homeless filled and crime ridden city is, I love it here and can't imagine living somewhere where the most interesting part of your town is the community pool or Walmart. As peaceful as the planned suburbs seem, all the houses are the same, and there's nothing to do.  This is just my biased opinion, and is not meant to be taken seriously.
laughed at the bag of milk thing lol, thought it was a weird typo or something at first
A bag of milk is a real thing in Canada.
no fucking way. Rollie???
I video on the amount of sea sand required for construction would fallow this one nicely.
Is there really a point of showing up to the "community input" planning meetings?  My impression is that in all but the smallest towns, these meetings have as much significance as the yearly investor meetings that big public corporations hold. If you are not rich, or a representative of a large and powerful group, the people will just nod along and do whatever they already decided to do anyway.  The real decisions are made in back rooms, and these are just a chance for elected officials to grandstand and/or pretend to care.
While I'm not on the climate change freakout bandwagon, I do agree that zoning is too restrictive.
Shout out to London, Ontario 13:22. You can buy bags of milk just up the street.
Check it out, two self styled climate advocates who still consume dairy.  Get the fucking memo, dudes.
@14:50 In ontario we have bagged milk there may be others that have it as well but if I remember correctly it was done for packaging reasons (correct me if I'm wrong). Also they don't spill because stores sell a plastic jug you put the bag in then when it's empty you remove the bag and put a new one in
so happy you use the pestilence that is candelas (rocky flats)  as the background for the suburban sprawl
this is really engaging and hilarious thankyou
Being polite to the ducks was cool
No single family hosing is the most environmentally friendly way.  You just need enough land to turn it into a family farm to support yourself.  Apartments cause huge farms and unregulated highly chemical drenched lands that kill all of nature and the soil.  A single Family home should be in the forest or with nature improving it not a cul-de-sac.   The soil is thriving where the Aztecs used to live because of the way they used to use the land.
Hell fucking yeah my friend.
Spot on! For once a real meaningful solution to climate change. Sprawl makes no sense and is an awful way to live.
Dislike
This is one of the best channels on YouTube. Great work every time.
Everybody should be free of living where they want i lived in the city and to be honest it sucked too much tweakers and street crapers, so im just comfortable in my suburban house with nice backyard.
very related: https://youtu.be/hNDgcjVGHIw
May this video end up at every zoning meeting is the USA so they realize how terrible suburbs are 🙏🏻
if you don't prefer single family homes to multi unit dwellings, you need your head checked.
You have sprawl for a reason.  If you put people in little boxes, they stop breeding.  People are not machines, their lives do not need to be efficient.
The cost of getting a set of plans for permit for a single family residence is 3000 to 5000 using a draftsman. To do high density / multifamily, you need a registered architect and that costs 20 to 100k. This is a soft costs that developers really try to cheap on. It is a major reason they elect to do single family residences in stead of multi-family.
Was your friend who escaped from the cops Eric Rosen the chess YouTuber? I’m going to assume it was. Always new he has a wild side. All those crazy teas he drinks.
Breath of fresh air to have a video where at the end they give you ways you can help / try to fix the problem! Tired of all these other channels telling similar stories but no way to fix it or what you could do to help
Nobody wants that
I love walkable neighbourhoods. I’d be happy living like Montreal where we can walk and metro to everything.  I’m in Ontario, bagged milk is awesome. You can fit it anywhere in the fridge. Recognized wortley village right away.
It can't help that the vast majority of 4-story residences found in suburban environments look like low-rent ass.  That's what the old folks fear.  It has to be designed as a complete community with rapid transportation links, which makes it a much bigger job.
We had milk in bags when I was growing up. It was actually a really well-thought-out way of transporting a liquid. The packaging was extremely low-waste. It gets made fun of because, yes, you had to buy into the system by purchasing a plastic jug that fit the bags, and yes, it took a bit of practice to learn to cut the corner of the bag to form a spout the right size. Bags got replaced by plastic jugs and plasticized-cardboard cartons, which take way more energy to recycle. Oh, and because those bags were made to contain liquid, they were really heavy duty, and could be reused for all sorts of things. They weren't flimsy like grocery bags, so they weren't single-use. I'm not saying that milk in bags could have saved the planet...but the thinking behind it is the kind of thinking these issues need.
Suburban areas are less easy to nuke for the Russians and to blast into oblivion for alien invaders (arriving in early juli) because of their enormous area size. It is all about the survival of capitalism and the human race!!!
Funny...none of these live-work-play locations are affordable. The rent is usually 2k or higher a month and to own is 600k or higher. The average individual cannot afford to live in the locations.
love it
Japan... affordable housing....    Demented.
That transition at 15:14 had me laughing way too hard dude
It is quiet astonishing how we humans are able to create rules, forget about them and then feel like there is no other way of doing something. When you have an outside perspective on suburban living, you would never want to move to such a place. I wouldn't want to raise a kid in such a dead neighborhood with nothing to do or to explore.
People need to stop breeding, like, yesterfuckingday.  😤
"Not a first date anyway," LOL
Only watched one minute of your video and I had to say it's called PROGRESS. Also you probably don't like cars either so go out and buy a horse and buggy.
What I learned from this video!....  Bags of milk are bad and weird... Solution; we need milk pipes running down every street along side our water pipes supplying everyone's home with milk.  You will have a cold milk dispenser on your fridge door next your cold water & ice cube dispenser.... COOL(optional chocolate mixer milk dispenser TOO!) So on your monthly water bill you will get a milk charge on the bill based on your milk meter reading in the basement next to your water meter.... YEAH!
Here to petition for reusable bags of milk under a milkman circular business model.  Is that a thing yet? 👀👀
Boomers are a cancer on society
Please make a video detailing the environmental pros and cons of milk bags. I beseech you Rollie.
Oohhhh yeah!
Very thoughtful and informative.  Thank you for the information.
i feel it's important to note there is a middleground to be explored between apartments and mcMansions. There is also a middleground between the city/suburbs paradigm and 'livable cities'. It's called villages. The problem is not good or bad planning, but planning. Historic towns grew organically, not with a ruler on a map. What sticks out to any European learning about (in movies or on trips) American culture is the no-mans land of highways and roads between destinations. There are malls in Europe, but on a far lower scale, and a large number of shops are integrated in the urban fabric. The line marking cities from villages from rural areas is more of a fade.  The energy argument against detached housing is minor compared to the disaster of large, heavy cars with inefficient engines and long, long roads. Passive houses exist. It should be mandatory for developments or private houses above a certain size. Ofcourse, as with anything, the people with the money have the influence to stop new trends interfering with their bottomline. Also, all great ideas are powerless against overpopulation.
All good points, except people would want to live in apartments a ton more if HOA fees were eliminated.
Can't wait to bring my date to a city zoning meeting
Man this Video was good!
For sure. Still would never want to live in an urban city center. Fuckkkk that. They are completely unsustainable though in the long run. But who cares, I won't be around by then. And it really is that simple. Human selfishness and limited vision is really all it takes for this to keep goin. I really don't think more than like 50-60% of America would want to live in a city with mass transit and all that. I think most of America hates people as much as I do, haha. I'd still say big corporations taking over most of business in the country is a bigger factor in how our cities are built and what not than zoning regulations. You can always get a variance if you really want.
Let's Create a Home Recycle. A giant machine that eats houses and crushes them down, seperates the pieces, and recycles it. Hire Elon. it'll happen to scrape all the useless failed capitalistic greed built buildings off the ground and convert them into something useful.
Energy draining suburbs is the future Dave Chapelle is fighting for by being against duplexes and townhouses. He might be a comedian but that shit ain't funny
Really 100 million people. also Washington state just changed the density requirements.
Wait...a _bag_ of milk??
Popped into my recommended. Gave it a shot. Wasn’t disappointed. Sub Edit: while learning of mixed use I thought instantly of Lakewood.
I mean... But what about being self-sufficient and growing your own food and/or hunting instead of relying upon a food system that ships produce around the world from giant factory farms under terrible labor conditions?
I know this information needs to heard  urgently… and that is a great coat…but I feel like if you had waited until spring you could have done it shirtless??
I would love to live in a more affordable multifamily condo. Its too bad most builders would build something to look fancy with paper walls. Tired of hearing my neighbor snore or have his episodes, must be a leage player.
SUBURBS ARE THE REAL VIRUS
Canadian here, the worst thing about baged milk is having a bag of milk leak in your fridge and spill all over your groceries 😥 It's a milk water balloon disaster.
I liked this video so I'm gonna subscribe, but ysk Hogan is the Single-Use Family Home of Wrestling.
Cities are "safe places"? 😄
I used to live in a somewhat walkable city. While walking to work one day I made the mistake of thinking about how much nicer it would be if so much room wasn't wasted for cars. Oddly urban planning became my goto thought while walking and after a few months I realized we are absolutely bonkers. Basically people drive everywhere because everything is far away to make room for cars which mostly sit around in our way taking up space when they aren't trying to kill pedestrians.   My ultimate conclusion was a small town or city could become a tall building surrounded by farms and parks surrounded by woods. Everything required for daily life would be inside the building and nature would be right outside the door.  If many cities were doing it, the building could be sold in kit form to reduce the cost.
Let’s just Build Commie Blocks in America. Bet McCarthy would love that.
How ironic is it that the biggest proponents for "fighting climate change" are also the biggest proponents for highly restrictive zoning laws.
"Bags of milk", here in Argentina are "sachets", plastic containers hermetically sealed, very different from that bag in the picture. The reality is that we use a lot less of milk trough the day, just for breakfast and midday treats, we don't buy it for gallons but by litres and let it go bad. And we can buy many litres and keep them in the fridge in boxes for handling, and never have to throw sour milk. And the fridges are medium size, we don´t buy that many plastic gallons of juice, milk, syrup and perishable stuff to have that huge fridges.
I love how everything is “racist” gibberish.
Man you bring the heat every single time! You break down problems in a very palpable and humorous way that really makes sense. You hear noise about needing to reduce emissions or tackle climate change all the time, but it all just seems like buzz a lot of the time. Then we have your channel, which has really opened my eyes to some of the more harmful policies and practices out there and to what we can actually do about them! Keep it up, you literally make caring about climate issues cool...
The thing that amazes me the most on the american 'single family house system', is how ineficient and incredibly expensive it must be for Public Treasure just to maintain such system. All the money of local public services is drained into the maintenance of endless Kilometers and Kilometers of roads and sewers lines.  "Maintenance, maintenance, maintenance, maintenance, maintenance..."; "Work on the road, work on the road, work on the road, work on the road..."
Higher density housing reduces traffic 😑 try telling that to New Yorkers. It once took me 45 mins drive one city block in Manhattan.
“William Nillium” ? Why so formal? brother
Here is what inner city useless subculture gets us: "multiple organizations partnering with the city as part of the program, would cover half of the $800,000 two-year cost of staffing the hospital’s emergency room with a social worker around the clock. A grant from the city would cover the other half." This is due to "gun violence" in a small town
Cleveland, not Chicago
I didn't know that in the home of the free people are not free to build their homes as they wish. Interesting, great and partialy funny video! Greetings from good old europe, where we are less free, are mandated to sweep the streets every week but somehow get housing done (a little bit) better. And I mean the real europe, not imaginated countries like 'the Netherlands'.
As one who was born in a city packed with tall buildings and lack of parking space and space in general, those are two sides of a coin. Getting out of the city which kept been build up is still the thing I enjoy the most. Sure I had stores, school and other infrastructure "close" but right now it's been overloaded as there really is no infrastructure upgrade. I also understood that I enjoy driving for 10 minutes no matter the distance more, than I enjoy spending 10 minutes in a traffic jam. And besides that it was never really "safe" in the city, there is a set of rules you follow instinctively not to get mobbed or mugged.
I can’t wait to move into my new shoebox and eat my insects.
We just to have bags of milk in the Uk when I was growing up.  We put them in the freezer and turned them into giant milk popsicles.
I'm not going to be a rent slave for the rest of my life just to use marginally less electricity. This is just shilling for banks and landlords, veiled as environmentalism.
Omg I had a feeling this was Colorado
Hey! You’re in Colorado! I know that courthouse..
Excellent video.  Thank you
And you expect this to happen in a country that's governance can best be described as Corporatism.  Good luck with that. "Too big to fail" policies make it clear that this isn't our country anymore.. It's the corporations country. Both major political parties and minor ones are corrupted by campaign funding from the wealthiest 120,000 individuals and families ( 50 million $$ net worth folks ) including corporations which the Supreme Court ruled citizens ... especially at the local levels. It ain't gonna happen with out a revolution now cause ya they are too big to fail and a revolution isn't going to happen when propaganda and indoctrination are running full blast and lawmakers and law enforcement is completely corrupted. We are screwed. Fascism is implanted itself and there's only a bad end coming.
You know he's Canadian when he says "bag of milk"
I eat this content up like it's popcorn
Funny enough I was gonna comment that Denver and the surrounding burbs that are sprawling up here in Douglas County and other counties surrounding downtown, fit the bill of this video quite nicely. Then I noticed you are filming in a lot of areas where I likely have delivered. I do Doordash for now and it's quite depressing going way out into Parker or somewhere out East, up towards Arvada, etc. because all it is is expanding sterile infrastructure for rich people who drive trucks everywhere. 80 percent of the housing is gaudy, copy-paste, and the way the neighborhoods have all been designed is just atrocious. I know someone is gonna say some snarky shit, but the city planning of the US is a great turn off. I am a bitter American who wishes he could figure out some way to leave the country and travel/live in Europe. I know they have their own issues too, but I just don't identify with how us Americans live. Really wish we focused on making our cities compact, walkable/bikeable, built around nature, etc.
Not to worry,  housing prices for single family detached housing are going up so rapidly that they will soon be unaffordable to all but the very well off, or their heirs. I call it the China-fication of America.
Cul-de-sac = Bag's butt; Di Giorno Pizza = Pizza of the day; bag of milk = Dear Lord, why? Y'all welcome
I wouldn't mind living in multi family housing if sound insulation was good. but when everyone in the apartment other than me is partying elephants, it's just not worth it.
I get why people like living in the suburbs. But cities also have large single family housing and aren't the overcrowded, crime ridden hell holes suburbanites make them out to be. That's the beauty of building multiple types of housing.
As someone who has lived in high density housing in my early adult life, one of my criteria for purchasing my first home was detached single-family. (I should have also probably insisted on a garage... Maybe for my second home...) I'm psychologically a happier person with more distance between myself and my neighbors. If more people who like high density living can move out, maybe the pricing of the detached single-family homes will go down enough for me to afford a larger home & yard. (More space for my stuff, and more space between me and other people.)
I love this! Thank you for this enlightening and fun video! One thing I would like is if you could start saying USA instead of America when you talk about the country. Take care!
Wow! Almost like we don't give a care from America!
This was the duo we needed.  More please
14:35 IMMEDIATELY EARNED MY SUB XDDDDD
not all cultures are equal. no amount of sjw washing can change that.
Every time I watch videos about american zoning it just boggles my mind. I can even understand someone might not like having workshops or offices in their neighborhood, or even malls. But who in their right mind wouldn't want to have a store near their house? Being able to just walk to a grocery store in the morning (or whatever time of the day you want to) and get fresh produce and bread for the day, is one of the greatest improvements you can have to your comfort of living. Yet here we have a whole nation that decided "no, we don't want that, it's illegal".
million times better than living in the city & HOA fees are stupid as hell its what people aspire to nobody but someone who peaked as a teenager wants to live their life in the city & people with real life problems like families jobs responsibilities kids bills dont care about climate thats a woke nonsense complaint by people that have nothing better to do
gonna totally bring a date to a zoning meeting now, full on picnic kit and everything
I just can't get past the fact that not even 100 years ago a model home went for $4800, that is less than a semester of housing at my school...
...I think you filmed a lot of this near my best friend's house
are u sure ur not canadian?
A house that is paid off is cheaper to own and run than the same priced condo/townhouse. My condo costs me $380/mo just for condo fees, then I get assessed if a roof needs repair or replaced, I still have to replace my own A/C at my expense. I am not allowed to do my own repairs and must hire contractors, so that adds more costs. The worse part is there are not enough parking space if I have two cars.
This video is also recommended to me today and it's nothing like what I usually watch but it comes across like propaganda 🤷‍♂️
Suburbs would be ok if they could support themselves instead of relying on ponzi style expansion and wealth production of nearby cities.   You want to live isolated far from the city? Ok. Maintain your own infrastructure and don't ask for a bailout when it fails and you don't have the funds to fix it.
I saw the first 30 secs on silent, and thought this was a rap video.
Russia put people in block housing by the millions. Guess what, it failed. China putting hundred of millions in block housing too. It failed also. Turns out humans don't like being trapped in concrete boxes. The moment they join the CCP and have more money, they move to individual homes. I wonder why...
The fact that there is a zoning authority, behind desks, before which regular people must approach cap in hand, and beg, really shows the basis of the problem. Imagine if everyone was sitting together on those white plastic chairs.
As an Urban and Regional Planner I get it. I just didn't think anyone else would geek out on Policy, I mean sure Housing Policy is the most tangible facet of planning for the general population, but still when I switch into Planner mode everyone reaches for their smartphone. I've been planning, ha pun!, on a short video of my standard poor quality about the situation in Seattle. Perhaps I'll go ahead and finish it up and start adding professional insights into my channel instead of just DIY stuff.
Gonna go ahead and say it. You're wrong about the bag of milk thing. Milk jugs are the single family housing of the milk world. Bags are less waste AND just use a pitcher.
Live in a pod and eat bugs ya pleebs.
I’ve been feeling all of these points but I’ve been unable to articulate them to my friends and family who are 100% pro single family houses.
Ah, yes those darn zoning laws. The housing developers can't do anything about those.   It is purely a coincidence that the most expensive parcels of land are zoned for single family homes which have the highest profit margins. It is purely a coincidence that the multi-family housing is only zoned in areas with cheap land that neatly offsets the reduced returns on building attached units.  It is total random chance that the zoning maps almost perfectly confirm to the size and shape of the land bought by developers, and didn't exist before the developers started moving in.  I mean it just makes sense. These town council members were just sitting around in their quiet little farming villages talking about zoning. "You know I was thinking, what if we divide the town up into a bunch of seemingly arbitrary zones that don't confirm to the shape of any existing roads or property lines. We could make up arbitrary rules that wouldn't make any sense unless someone bought all the farms and turned them into houses so they can exponentially grow the population 10 years from now"  In no way were those zoning laws tailor made to maximize the profits of developers. Nope their hands were tied, they had no say in the matter.
Climate Change is a hoax.
The Earth naturally warms and cools. There is no global warming that has anything to do with human activity.
Oh thank you for the bag of milk bit.  I always chuckle when I hear it!  The first time totally got me.  :)
Hey so I grew up in exactly the same place hahahah. I've been dying laughing, you even flashed a picture of where a close family member works. Great video! Although I now live in a bus and won't be going to any zoning meetings.
Great video but one correction: Euclid, Ohio would have been concerned about factories in Cleveland, not Chicago. It's a couple states to the east of Illinois.
Dig the title screen man! Is the plan to keep that but change it a little for each episode?
I like the video but what do we do with any of this information? Its not fair but I think to make any positive change we have to let 'the man' make money off of it.  He will never sacrifice for the greater good and war with the man is undesirable.
14:31  I once messaged a woman "Did you know that milk comes in bags in Canada?"   She is now my wife.
How can regular working people go to zoning meetings? They take place during the day, during working hours. That's why they are dominated by boomers. All politics in America is dominated by people with free time and favorable tax treatment.
Here from NJB and 1:45 in and already hit subscribe. Laughing and learning.
You two are a perfect match! Nice two part videos.
Thank you for a so informative video! Glad to hear at the end that something is changing!
I LOVE the longer videos!! Great jokes about the length at the beginning too lol PLEASE dont stop making longer videos!! They are building these massive suburbs where I live right now its crazy how much land they destroy.
hello i am from saint petersbourg russia  local powers  terrorise citizens of  city  by many acts and problems doing life hard and impossible  , i have a case with them they want  to steal mu property for any reason        , do american loyer intersted in this case?
Was trying to watch this on Hassan’s stream but dude was pausing to talk to his dumbass chat too much, so I’m here and glad to give my views to you here’s a like and a comment keep up the good work
1:33  accurate timestamp   like that attention to detail
So the anwser is to stack humans up like roachs and hope they don't turn into shitty ghettos?  Love your optimism.  I have an idea.  Let's look to inner cities and see how that worked out for them.      Oh.....oh my.     Yeah bro, American attitudes don't match up well with roach motel life.  We tend to shoot each other in the face when theres too many of us living nuts to butts.  Maybe try NOT comparing small homogeneous places with big forced diversity America.  But hey, I'm not the one with over 200,000 middle IQ followers so what do I know?
I always walk to the store to buy a basket of milk. Tasty milk.
I live in Birmingham,  the second biggest city in UK. From home it is a one minute walk to my nearest shop, or 10 minutes to a supermarket. It is a 2 minute walk to the primary school, and 5 minutes to the secondary school. Without walking on any roads, thought park, past horses, and by a lake, I can walk to the  nearest 'village green' of Kings Norton, with its mediaeval church, grammar school, and the Tudor merchants house adjacent to the pub. At my age I need many hospital appointments (paid for through the NHS - what 'Merkins call evil socialism) and it's is a pleasant 5 mile walk through leafy Bournville. It is a 15 minute walk to my nearest railway station, but if the weather is inclement I can walk 30 seconds to a bus service that will take me to just outside the station. I cycle often, with an initial two minute ride on a road, then cycle-ways along the Mighty River Rae [irony], to the extensive canal towpath network the advantage of which is that many pubs were built adjacent to canals for servicing bargees.  When I watch these videos I wonder what went wrong with the Richest Nation on Earth and the Merkin Dream.
some of the zoning laws don't make sense
I KNEW you were in Colorado from the beginning lol. That weather change, the distinct look of those cookie cutter houses in the housing development. I lived in a city in CO where they apparently had laws about not being able to build over certain levels in many areas because of the mountain view being blocked. Like...just go outside!?
Super informative content, I also chuckled a lot! Subbed.
You may be right, but I like my big ass house
Bel Mar sucks. We've had 3 active shooters in the past month and everything closes at 10. Except for In&Out but who wants to wait a half hour for an overrated burger?
Everyone should live packed together like sardines in skyrise apartments, it would be better and the only reason we don't already is because of whitey racisms!  Imagine being the type of lowlife hipster trash that falls for this type of simple minded propaganda.
Imagine being the type of hipster trash that consumes this establishment propaganda and thinks it's for their benefit.
All of these shots from Europe remind me of home (Portland, Oregon).  It's becoming more and more of an American style city, especially in the neighboring areas that aren't actually technically Portland.  I've been priced out, but I barely want to live there anymore anyway.  Europe is looking pretty nice.
I swear I've met that host.  Probably just because I am from Colorado and everyone in Colorado looks about the same. Just like those Front Range suburbs.
3:31 I'm already in
If everyone on Earth were to live the American lifestyle you would need four planet Earths. That includes the 1 out 5 that already live in "apartments".  Really the best solution is not to have a hundred million more people by the end of the year.
wait, google said it was cul-de-sacs!!! but surely culs-de-sac makes more sense.   the bottoms of the sack vs the bottom of the sacks. I think it should be culs-de-sacs
Ah, Climate Town! Always super awesome content!
Great video and you were totally in the zone there.
this is why i love the DC area, it is being flooded by young YIMBYs and relentless highrises and mass approvals of apartment buildings. Even office buildings are being converted. Love it
I love your videos! Hilarious take on a serious topic, you're doing great work.
I almost only buy milk in a bag, of three smaller bags.
Saw this on Hasan's stream, subbed! These videos are great
It really does all come back to racism dunnit
0:46 Another annoying part about the suburbs, is the untrained dogs that bark at you, and into the night. Some people just don't understand that you can have a 'guard' dog. But not a motion sensor alarm.
Wait are you friends with THE Eric Rosen? The IM Eric Rosen, The Stafford Gambit Warrior?
Found my way here through your collab with NJB, who is my very favorite YouTuber, and now he has competition for the top spot. :)
Loved you content!!! It would be also interesting to see how not only the fossil fuel industry and bad city planing negatively affects our planet, but also how the meat and dairy industries have high negative impact as well.
3:30 Who tf calls their restaurant "Lolita"???
i adore the presentation style of this, its just a plus i'm interested in suburban sprawls downsides
In case you've never heard or thought about it, the carbon that fools like this guy worry about was once in the air before.  The earth was warm and pleasant then and both plant and animal life flourished.  These life forms used the carbon, which is a natural substance, to grow and breathe.  The earth was not "burned to the ground" then, as this guy says may happen now.  Over time, by natural processes, this carbon became trapped in the ground and we are just releasing some of it back into the air when we burn fossil fuels.  This burning is basically a form of recycling that enriches our atmosphere and we should not turn our world inside out in an effort to reduce its occurrence.  We are far smarter than the creatures who lived with the carbon just fine before.  There's no need to panic.  And so far, since the Industrial Revolution, our lives have mostly improved.  The earth not only hasn't flooded, but the amount of dry land has actually increased.  We live longer.  We are richer and can travel more.  The weather, if anything, has gotten a little nicer.  But people like being scared, I guess.  Thinking that you're living in the "End Times" adds drama to dull lives.
So is this show about racism or zoning? I clicked on zoning
So Baged milk was a bit of a shock to me, they use it in Canada buying a bag is like getting a gallon jug at the store here in the states. The point is the thin plastic of the bag is less plastic waste then the jug is. your not meant to pour from the bag, your meant to own a reusable pitcher which you fill with the milk from the bag once you get it home.
If so many people would like to live in a more walkable neighbourhood, why does it take so long to change something?
This was fantastic thank you. I'm familiar with redlining but not R1 zoning. Didn't know suburban zones didn't allow taller buildings or commercial corner stores, just thought the people there preferred it that way or that it wouldn't be profitable enough for the business.
I wouldn’t the mind the sprawl if the houses were actually nice. Imagine red brick symmetrical homes? That would look nice. The one thing that really bothers me is the garages taking up the entire front of the house. That’s beyond ugly.
i grew up with my family buying fresh milk bags. they actually make substantially less plastic waste than conventional jugs and are usually lower production cost.  As a climate guy you should know that.
If you think zoning is bad, look into case-by-case planning permissions with rules depending on each borough in the UK :D. That's a headache in itself where you get wildly different rules depending if you're one or other side of the street in London as it might be a borough border!
This comment is for the small towns of America. You have a golden opportunity to build their towns around the lessons learned from all the bigger cities that were ruined last century.  As the virtual workers move into your towns don't build these neighborhoods to nowhere.   Encourage developers to build little villages all over your town that have mixed uses instead.  You will attract the next generation instead of repel them.
Bag of milk is great. So much less waste packaging. Stacks if the store keeps them in milk crates. And if you have a pitcher to hold the opened bag it's just as convenient and easy to use as a carton.
Great collab
When my parents divorced & I had to move to a suck-y suburb with no access to a car after living four blocks from a small town Main Street, my sadness was profound & Ill never live in this kind of planning ever.
Wow
I have no idea what the hell Live in it honestly feels like a weird combination of a suburb and city and I kinda like it
There are days when I don't need to turn on my apartment heating because the neighbors below have it on, and the escaping heat is enough to keep me warm. I used to be opposed to living in an apartment assuming noises would be unbearable, but it's actually better than living in a suburb where all your neighbors have dogs that won't shut up.
For my first home, we decided for a duplex instead of a house in the suburbs. One of the many things I came to consider was it just made the most sense in helping the environment.
America is TERRIBLE at zoning, much less infrastructure, Much less public infrastructure, much less public transportation.   I lived in a suburban place until 2nd grade, and then on 3 acres (with literally no more than 5 neighbors) until I graduated college. It was a 45 minute bus ride to primary school (cut down to like 20 minutes when I started driving), and I drove over an hour each day to college. After graduating College, I moved to Tokyo, and have lived here for over 5 years now. I haven't driven a car the entire time I've lived here. The lifestyle, via amazing zoning and public transportation, is one of the best things I've ever experienced - It's great being able to walk to literally any business, store, convenience store, doctor, office, restaurant, etc. I could literally access over 100 different businesses, AND 2,000 Apartments, within 10 minutes of standing up right now. Not only can I go literally anywhere in Tokyo by walking to the train station (about 10 minutes) and taking no more than 2-3 trains plus a small walk, but I can go practically anywhere in the ENTIRE COUNTRY if I wanted to with a combination of Bullet Train, Local Trains, and Taxis.  It's encouraging to see videos like this that that highlights the god-awful inefficiencies of US Suburbia, and the, frankly, CORRECT way humans should live together as a properly functioning society. However, I imagine we'll all be long dead (over 100 years) before America is able to become anything near modern day Japan, China, Germany, etc, so if you value your time, Don't try to reinvent the wheel with people who don't believe in circles - Move to a country (or at LEAST a place in the US doing it right) and live a happy, healthy, productive, and social life.
Dont forget if you live in single family house, you have much more space to put all kind of junk in which also is not that good for the climate. When you live in nice reasonably sized appartment in Europe, you generally have less space to fill --> you do more thinking before buying crap.
When i was a kid in comunist Czechoslovakia, milk in bags was absolutelly normal. You make it stand by putting it in milk bag pitcher ;-) (with a bag) . Easy.
Climate Town channel doesn't advocate for milk in bags??? That is way better ecologically than milk in cardboard which is much better than milk in plastic jugs....
3:58 "time to focus on 'murica!" *plays music from English band*
Hmmmm yes, I can see the future. 500 Floor Mega Buildings in super tight high density cities as the countryside is depleted of people.
excellent stuff, fresh, new and very informative. Thank you so much.
I’ve got to be honest, I understand the environmental advantages of cities but not everyone is happiest in urban areas. I certainly am not, and there are some very real disadvantages to city life.   I do think cities need to become cheaper so more people can afford to actually live here if that makes them happy
Love ya.
no no, you don't understand. Any other type of housing will turn the neighbourhood into a a GHETTO. This is america after all. Nobody wants to live in ghettos.
To be fair you could totally put a spout on a bag of milk make the bag out of biodegradable plastic and place it a recyclable cardboard box and boom! You just cut down on waste.
every single one of these anti-car, anti-suburb videos have the same conclusion because they're coming from the same ulterior motive - a hatred for the way of life for middle class americans. you think it's abhorrent that some people had it better than others, that some people had the freedom of cars and the spacious lawns to raise their children instead of shitty apartments, and it's even worse to you that these people contribute a little more to your faux-morals environmental issue.  it doesn't matter if standalone homes use more electricity. electricity isn't inherently unclean. you can moan about how a lot of power is provided by coal, and that would be fair, but if we had green energy, it wouldn't matter how much power a home uses (well kinda, because wind and solar are garbage and flat out can't support many places in america)
This would be great without the useless climate change twist.
Oh, my gosh! You're in Jefferson County in Colorado! I can tell because I found a picture of the Court House you're standing in front of at 7:25 and it's my favorite court house building!
this guy is joel haver and nakey jakey combined
🤣🤣🤣♥Premium Video !
This subject makes me so angry!! I'm from Germany and while we still have some well functioning Housing and urban Environments but in the last 50 Years we startet to do all the same terrible mistakes that are so prevalent in the US today.
I'm here for the Stroopwafles.
Not only are these houses terrible for all those reason but they also look terrible and make every place in the us look plain and boring and like they dont have any culture
No. Just No.
Hold on not zipping up your jacket caused you to waste energy. I GUESS you just found it more convenient to dress that way.
bagging of milk would actually be quite efficient....IF the milk comes from close by and doesnt need extensive stacking and transportation. Cause that itty bit of plastic that holds it is far less material than a whole stable container (US Gallons or Europe Tetra-Packs) and more easily recycled, because it is just one sheet of homogenous material. So....if glas containers are not a thing for whatever reason, bagging is some way to go for your local milk producer. Also, way cheaper for people who try to compete with the big companies.
Dude. You funny
Fantastic video!!!!  Mags of milk originated with Canada’s conversion to the metric system in the 70’s. it was less expensive to change the packaging then change the machines. Well...... that’s the Canadian urban legend anyway.   Seriously! Awesome video!
One thing i want focus on if they should build big apartment complexes is fire hazards, escape routes, alarm system, rules. No fire retardent chemicals on this because it is not a solution to use chemicals.
Honestly you deserve to get at least 1M views per video.
Do interviews with people from both sides. This video concept is cool but I think it needs real life perspectives. Talk to people that live in these kinds of neighborhoods and see what their life is actually like instead of just theorizing what is best.
Wow  USA housing sucks
can we build houses underground :) it would be warm :P
Gj with the call to action thats how you change America local initiatives and meetings
If you allow people to build freely, the value of government printed money collapses.
Class warfare runs deeper than racism...
Hasanabi brought me here. Great vid guys.
oh hey! it's American Jay Foreman.
Here in Finland we installed in our house thermo heating (160m. hole in stone ground). At least stop burning oil.
I call bullshit on climate change, Remember the inconvenient truth and how we're supposed to have a bunch of States underwater literally none of that happened or my and remember when they said we'd run out of trees in the seventies? And then you try to make the argument houses use so much energy when 80 to 90% of all carbon emissions and pollutions are done by businesses /  Manufacturing
Holy Shit, Is Climate Town actually in Denver? Shut The Front Door!
Where the fuck do you live that it's a 40 minute walk to get to a store of literally never seen this?
Bag of milk is less plastic then a bottle of milk 🍼🥛🥛🥛
Interesting that Not Just Bikes didn't mention the still current practice of racist redlining in the Netherlands (Rotterdamwet / Wet bijzondere maatregelen grootstedelijke problematiek, and the 'Leefbaarometer'). The percentage of people of migrant background is used as a negative indicator of the living quality in a neighborhood. If a neighborhood is deemed to have a low quality of living (a high percentage of people of migrant background), it becomes redlined for people making less than a certain income, or for development of social housing, housing for seasonal migrants, homeless shelters, shared domestication, etc. This means that poor people, migrants and people of color are forced out of these neighborhoods, while developers come in and build expensive homes.
maybe western nations should stop importing the 3rd world faster than boomers print money, then we can all have a nice home and keep the rest of nature intact.
As a Canadian living in Alberta with normal milk containers, I'm glad you are also just as outraged by bagged milk like the ones used in Eastern Canadian provinces. 😆
No shirtless segment. Sad.
Please visit Benidorm and I will give you information, you'll enjoy the visit, it is a special model in urbaism in the world
I stayed in Roma, Mexico City for a week and it made me mad jealous. Markets everywhere, food on every corner. Parks and art galleries galore. Cafes and night clubs all around. Can easily walk everywhere. Not so much where I live near Downtown Phoenix. Luckily I'm really proficient at riding a skateboard to get places but it's not the same as being right in it. Hope to see a change in my future in regards to zoning.
With all this fancy "New Urbanism"  how is a grumpy old man going to yell at the kids "Get off my lawn."   A future of endless four story blocks of cubist nihilism, full of single old millennials with no kids will do the trick!   Growing up in the suburbs of the 60's and 70's was awesome.  The Brady Bunch RULES!  Who walks to the grocery store when you have Amazon and Grub Hub.  The Colorado Front Range will be a new Los Angeles...YIPPEE!
A more simple solution is to slow the increase of population growth… why do we need so many dam people anyways?
As a millennial who grew up in the suburbs I will say that I genuinely hate the culture it produces (Ironically it looks a lot like this video lol) but in all seriousness I kinda get why people like the suburbs now. I did the whole city thing…Maybe cities in Europe are cool but most major US urban centers are dirty, soulless, industrial cesspools that are dangerous and infested with homeless people. Sorry.
I opted to block this channel instead of subscribing solely because the host framed everything in anti-White racial hatred
I'm from the Caribbean, Trinidad and Tobago to be exact and a bag of milk here is known as a suckabag For better pronunciation suck-ahh-bag
the more i learn about the usa the shittiest it seems, honestly
Spain nailed the high dens housing. Superblocks
instantly subscribed. solid video
Great video earned my sub 🙏🏼
God that vocal fry makes me want to be boiled alive.
When will people like you be Politicians to reform all this BS...
I can't believe I watched this whole thing. Awesome, insightful, and funny video. I worked in Belmar for a couple years at an ad agency, and loved being able to walk to short drive to a million different places in less than 3 min.
Loooove this channel; always fascinating, informative, and entertaining.  Kudos
i understand this issue but i hate the idea of having to be 3 inches away from my neighbors. i dont even like suburbs because the houses are still too close together and there is no privacy whatsoever generally. i will choose to buy a property that is either big enough that i dont have to worry about it, or move to somewhere like my current location where the properties are spread out more
Climate Town and Not Just Bikes collab?!?!?! My little environmentalist heart can’t take it!
We have zoning reform in New Zealand. So you can pretty much build town houses within 800m walk of a bus stop or train station for several years. But also, you have always been able to build duplexes, and rowhouses on a section 3,4,5, or 6 houses, typically with one or two bedrooms each.   I used to own a suburban apartment, there were 12 units on three levels. Now I live in a house, which has infill housing, so there is a house in my back yard, that a retired lady lives in, we share a driveway, we independently own our own houses, and have legal entitlement to use our own sections as we want, but we cant park in the shared part of the driveway, it makes the density of the suburb higher.   Also in New Zealand there are convenience stores in suburbs, we call them dairys, because you can buy milk there, some of them are just a remolded old house. Also, the dairy might be in a row of shops, so there could be barber, a liquor store or a hamburger place, in walking distance, that's just about every suburb in the country. Sometimes a spare shop in a row is remodeled into a flat. It's crazy!, you can change it up.
Definitely gonna go to a zoning meeting in my shit suburb now👍🏿nice vid
poggers video
So happy to have growing up in the Plateau in Montreal
We have/had bags of milk. They are one litre and are very strong, so you can just throw them in the shopping trolley, they fit in a special plastic jug that you put in the door of the fridge. You put the bag in the jug and cut the corner, then you can pour it. They were too cheap, so they got rare. 😀
Discovered your channel because of Not Just Bikes. Great stuff, man. I JUST WANT TO LIVE IN A WALKABLE COMMUNITY.
Canada is the same !
Just move to any other country, they all have high density stuff.
Is it really true that Americans don’t want single family homes?  I always thought the whole “millennials are minimalists who want to live in apartments” idea was just older people not understanding that millennials couldn’t afford a mortgage payment.
watching this and recognizing you walk in front of my friends' houses is surreal
And here, I think, is the interesting bit: Big companies have been able to change just about every law on the books. Yet these ones haven't been changed. Why not? Because building big expensive single family houses makes the people building those things more money as well. They don't really want it changed.
Jesus this was good. To top it off the Canadian dissed Cleveland by calling it Chicago, gold.
While on the subject of land use and municipal regulation you should do minimum parking requirements too!
At the same time I don't want a restaurant or retail store to open next to my house though.
Hexagonal superblocks. Community parks on every block with 3 way intersections throughout to improve traffic flow. Arrange neighborhoods in such a way that residential parcels are never more than a block away from commerce or two blocks away from industry. Easily scalable in that adding neighborhoods also increases traffic bandwidth, though most traffic should remain local anyway
I was enjoying the video until you began to disparage the bag of milk. As a proud Canadian, bagged milk is our heritage and your slander of it is petty and small of you. Unsubscribed.
youtube realized not every one of your vids needs have a giant banner telling people climate change exists
1 mile of road adds 4000 TONS to the atmosphere?
I live in one of these hell scapes 50 miles north. 50 miles of shit homes 10 feet apart.  Moving this year to a normal neighboorhood with old ass trees - do not care if the house is old
whats worse is the $450000 cookie cutter "quadrant" homes being built, that are 10 feet apart from each other, being built in smaller towns that the cities infrastructure cant handle the population increase... when the people working in your town cant afford to live there, its a problem. Californians moving in is exacerbating the problem.
Solar, batteries and electric cars, thank me later.
My Tesla is threatened by this video!
Fun fact, in Ontario (and presumably some other provinces of Canada) milk almost always comes in bags.
The use of Hulk clips in this video brings me joy but everything else on the topic sucks lol sorry frustrating.
Ok but if we're gonna build apartments and shit can we at least have some sort of building standard where someone tiptoeing around isn't amplified through the floor to make it sound like a pack of elephants is having a bar mitzvah?
Bag of Milk! LOL I heard that too. Awesome video btw.
3:58 gotta love how ironic this edit is - the scream is from Won't Get Fooled Again, a song by The Who, an English Rock Band, not an American one.
finally a new channel to watch
Who is “we”?  If you want to keep people from building houses buy the land before they do.
Are you in Michigan? Those houses behind you look like the garbage Allen Edwin houses that are the only thing being built in my state.
Milk inside of a bag of Milk inside of a bag of Milk is a game that really exists.
All the new style mixed use neighborhoods I've seen built are for people with higher level incomes.  Condos that sell for more than the already over inflated house prices.  Yes you can own 974 sq ft of prime location for $239900!  Nice options like that are built for rich people just like the suburbs were.
12:03 The rickshaw would get there fastest.
You sounded like less of a loser as a kid. I totally wish I grew up in shitty 3000 person soviet bloc housing... yaaay.
A Bag of Milk is far more environmentally friendly then any other sort of carton!  Does this guy seriously not know what a "milk jug" is?  I guess not, so: It's a container that you put the milk bag into, then you cut the corner off the milk bag and use that hole as a pour spout.  This means that you are able to re-use the rigid plastic jug over and over again for like 10-20+ years; which means that far less packaging is wasted per litre of milk, less plastic, less cardboard, so yeah, a bag of milk.
This is nicely researched and well executed.  Brilliant work.
I love you. I really really love you.
Belmar is cool, but it did go bankrupt last year
It is amazing how some decisions have such far reaching effects.....What they also need is laws to make high rise living not crap because while they don't need to be a lot of them are. For example, providing a decent sized balcony when it is their only outside area of any kind....ANd 3 cheers for things 'not good enough to be free' :)
You know its bad when he uses your city for B-roll twice in the first two minutes
too bad literally ANY new buildings (at least anywheres near detroit sprawland) didn't suck.
What does the connection between climate change and the suburbs have to do with racism from almost 100 years?
OK now ... second viewing with a beer ....  gosh you good :)
This will eliminate the home owner and landlord corporate will rule
Not liking the idea of milk in a bag. In fact, not liking the idea of milk in anything.
Jeez..... But racism wasn't institutional. Bill ship.
Actually a gallon jug of milk is the single family house of milk containers.
here from hazan
some off the examples with bycicles where in amsterdam holland
Watching this just after Dave Chappelle decided to pull his funding unless a town zoned for single dwelling homes instead of affordable housing ("affordable" estimated to be 200k to 300k) which included duplexes and apartments. Also included walkways, park space, playgrounds, and conservation land. What a douche.
some powerful ppl forget land space is finite
You are amazing and hilarious thank you. ALSO not just bikes is incredible! STROADS make me livid too!! 😭
I lived in the suburbs most of my life and I instantly fell in love with mixed use communities as I don't plan on having a family of my own so don't need the typical American dream style home and will never be able to afford supporting a family and house anyway as the American economy is burning and the American dream was exactly that,a dream. It's time to wake up.
Japan is has affordable housing???  They have coffin hotels and apartments…
11:10 "culs-de-sac" 11:16 "cul-de-sacs" .... soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
13:48 Who buys a "bag" of milk?
BAG OF MILK! (no offense!)
just came here to say that i found your channel while watching hasanabi and my guy you need more exposure this shit is fucking amazing great job both of you (not just bikes)
Congrats on grabbing a subscriber from Not Just Bikes. Great stuff!
Yes yes yes yes yes!!
https://youtube.com/shorts/BcjG7xqlQ08?feature=share
Agreed but then the concept of "bagged milk" made me a 1930s nationalist car lover
Oh man, I used to go to Villa Italia all the time…my friend and I even skated in there as it was going under.   Belmar is definitely mixed use, though not my favorite either…CO in general is just unrecognizable to me these days so I’m pretty much just grumpy about that
Man, if you decide to run for a president, I ll be supporting you from… er.. Australia.
You f n rock. Just stumbled on to your channel. Really great. Thanks for the important info.
UGH I love your videos so much. I hope I can get this good with my videos some day!! #goals
We can’t watch books!!
The reason why most lots are single family is because multi fam can sometimes get hundreds of units on ONE LOT. Or on a few lots. I majored in land Use Development from a small state school on the edge of the booming Twin Cities Metropolitan area. I worked in LAND DEVELOPMENT for a decade as a civil engineer. I'm comfy with the topic. I've worked FOR developers and I've rejected their shit. They could certainty
i subbed, and i'm looking at the recommendations. first time viewer. i'm a cyclist and a driver.
Actually, research pooper.
I learned all this 20 yrs ago in college. At the time, i was also taught that we were a few yrs away from The END OF OIL and we would then be farming in our suburban yards bc gasoline would be at least $10/gal. And gas did keep going up. It went over $4/gal in pre-Great Recession dollars. So that was a lot. And then people started actually changing their behavior. Betweent aht and fracking, gas wasn't a problem anymore so we kept this awful trend going. The cities were crowded, hotter, they smelled, and had most of the "undesirables" so people that could, moved out. That made many cities like waaayyy worse. I bought a house in the city. I regret it so much. the city public schools are so bad. Like REALLY bad. It's scary.  Parental involvement is... minimal. This isn't because the parents are busy working. Some are. The ones that are busy working are the most involved. We took the money we shouyld've spent on the CITY and spent it to build and maintain the suburbs. i grew up in teh rich suburbs. i KNOW.  I figured, i'd send the kids to private school and then once they reach HS, they go to public school an they'd get a FREE RIDE to any NY State public university or one of the handful of private colleges that also offers full rides to any Syracuse City School grads (that attended a SCSD school for the last three years). Some have income caps, like cornell and Clarkson, but not SU. No cap for SU. Those three private schools (immediate family members graduated from each) each cost like $100k a year. The fact that is barely an exaggeration is fucking terrifying. I think tuition is now like $70k/yr. My dad went to cornell for like $18/semester and he was allowed to pay with a pig and two chickens one year. That was like 70 yrs ago but still.
Holy hell, it was you! How´s your pool game coming along?
I don’t want to live in a building with a whole bunch of other strangers. I want a stand alone home.
I live in Salt Lake City which is total suburban hellscape. And this is coming from someone who owns a home in the suburbs. Yes, I am part of the problem, yes, I hate myself. I'm a leftist, that's a feature, not a bug. Unfortunately, SLC is both a place experiencing tremendous growth and so massively resistant to high-density housing (and affordable housing for that matter) that we'll basically destroy all the nature the valley has left before we build a building taller than 2 stories. The western part of the valley is just miles and miles of new and ever-expanding suburb. It's awful. I resisted watching this video because I knew it would just make me mad and hecho y hecho.
Bagged milk is awesome! That is always how I buy it.  It takes less material to make a 4L bag of milk vs a 4L jug. It's also slightly cheaper. Furthermore, it keeps it fresher: if I open a 4L jug, I expose all the milk to the air whereas a 4L bag is subdivided into three 1.33L sealed subbags. I only expose 1.33L at a time keeping the rest of the milk protected from oxygen and fresher.
Stoked to see your channel taking off. Love your content! Its quality and its about stuff I care about.
The only thing better than this video is that gorgeous coat you're wearing 👍. Thanks for making an important video about zoning totally watchable. Great collab!
Man, you really earned my subscription.   Here you go.
Guess what, the life in bigger cities is miserable. While it has the potential to be more efficient, these cities are run terribly.  Ruined by crime, liter, graphitti, homeless, etc. So you can't convince me life is better with that shit.
Thank you for not putting a ton of background music behind most of your video. I really appreciate it. Persistent background music is distracting and unpleasant. Also thank you for this video.
I think it’s good to acknowledge mixed use high density areas are enjoyed by a lot of people and if it helps prevent climate change, all the better. However.. a single detached house with garage and  driveway all for myself alone is something I aspire.
How can such an intelligent man think that a bag of milk is a good idea.
11:10 nice cities skyline shot right here
A bag of milk has a smaller carbon footprint than a jug of milk. Its shipped in reusable crates. most Canadians who use bag milk have a reusable jug to put the bag in for ease of pouring and storage. all milk should be bagged. Also, start using metric...
Good stuff. Bag of milk...
I lost braincells listening to this hyper politicized propaganda.
I live in a rural area, specifically to avoid the sardine-can existence of city life.  I like having nobody within a half mile.  I'm free and safe from the evils of the city.
Ha ha I remember 40 years ago (gawd I'm old) we would get bags of milk from the milk man! The company even sold us the container that they fit into. You'd nip a corner off and that would be your container of milk. Unreal that we used to do that. While even DRINKING the milk of another animal feels foreign to me right now, remember back to bags of milk is literal lunacy! LOL
This is just a funny version of a boring video I watched yesterday, which is to say... I love it.
I knew this video was gonna go hard when it Not Just Bikes got drug into it
Not just bikes look at toronto....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWsGBRdK2N0
Another good example you could make, which is my personal story and probably many others, is kids who grew up in suburbia and then go live on a college campus for 4 years, and then how they feel when they have to leave their college towns behind. For me, I didn't use a car the entire time I was in college. It was a high density area, with markets everywhere. Most people worked nearby, could bike to work and class, and made a lot of new friends. I felt a strong sense of depression when I had to leave that atmosphere, and go back to commuting on highways everyday. This style of living is even more realistic now more than ever, with the amount of people being able to work remote.
The inner cities are killing America,,, literally. Who wants to ride a bike in the rain, or sit on some strangers seat that had swamp ass (sweaty butt)
Freaking nimbys
I always knew the suburbs were shit, but hoooly the suburbs are shit
This is one of those situations where I'm like "I agree with this as long as it doesn't have to be me."  Know that places the burden on others but I don't know how I'd ever raise five kids in a townhouse - and yes, I do intend on having five children.
Good job, man. Very well done and funny to boot.
*chefs kiss*
Climate town and NJB... a very cool collab! I was definitely entertained!   I've wanted to live in a mixed use community forever, but could never realistically afford to... any idea why is it so expensive to live in one?
Love it ! Cheers for hastv
Great video. I will pick you up a bag of milk anytime.
good shit hasL
wow just a while ago dave chapelle torpedoed affordable housing at a community meeting. this video became accidentally relevant quickly, huh
How about reducing population growth by limiting immigration ?
Maybe we owe it to the season, but thanks for keeping your clothes on in this one.
Any reason why you aren't on Nebula?
FK THE KOCH BROTHERS
So, the solution is more regulations, more government involvement, less freedom of choice?
poor americans... i really feel for you guys. it is so much work just to be able to build normal buildings.... but don't give up, keep fighting for change of the zoning laws.
@ClimateTown Great video! BTW please tell me where I can buy that glorious jacket you're wearing in this video? Thanks!
bUt mOrE pEoPlE mEaNs MoRE TrAfFic aNd cRiMe
this is like if Eco gecko and Joel haver were somehow cross-bred with a little Jacob Geller in there for beard volume, I am confused but equally intrigued. Great stuff.
My area has one of those purpose-built mixed use areas (it was built where a Ford assembly plant used to be). It could be great, except for the fact that it's nearly entirely populated by chain stores, units rent at >2300/mo for a studio, and is generally "not for the poors" (except for the movie theater, which is the only reason I go). Mixed-use development is hot right now, which means that developers are coming in with lofty ideas and equally lofty price tags, thus shutting the average person out of these areas.
look at amsterdam. the netherlands.
No one wants to live in a town house. I don't think you get it. What I want are shops and buisiness near me in suburbia
You are simply adorable!
you are wrong when you say that america is the freeest country in the world, you have the highest carceral population on earth, you literally had and have slaves still to this day.
See the problem is I like by big house and hate city housing. But love the amenities a city provides. I wish there was a compromise like a mini-city.
You should touch food topic. I thought you care about climate? Whats that bag of milk doing in your video?
Higher density housing is a good idea until you have to live there. I come from an East Asian city where high density neighborhoods are the norm. Not sure why higher density = better to live in, because it's objectively worse. Most families have a car, except parking is expensive and restrictive. Also, driving becomes a lot slower and more dangerous thanks to the high density. The usable living space is A LOT smaller than even the smallest American detached house. Say goodbye to any sort of privacy, and if your neighbors are doing minor renovations or just assholes, then good luck. Walking to school isn't any easier, the stores surrounding the neighborhood are usually not as well stocked, so one still has to commute to shop. Admittedly, the detached house I live in  now is pretty convenient as suburbs go. However, the quality of life is much better than in Asia. So what if life is a bit more car dependant? I would commute by car back in Asia eventually - one can only take so much public transportation, even if it's reliable.   One thing I don't like is the lack of home businesses in America. In Asia, everyone living on the first floor of any complex/tower block would operate some kind of business, even the elderly. That's not the case in NA suburbs. Suburbs would be a lot more liveable if more home businesses existed.
These keep getting better and better!
8:00 Euclid, Ohio is not by Chicago. Did you mean Cleveland?
I'm all for everything in this video but quick counterpoint: I don't wanna live near any of y'all.
So depressing. Can we all just kill ourselves?
My dad works in planning and zoning. He's been saying this kinda stuff my whole life. It's genuinely frustrating.
That backfired. What was once racist now prevents all races from being able to afford houses.
I'm from NYC and I've lived in small apartments all my life. I think we should allow mixed zoning, but allow those who want single family homes to live the way they want to. I would love to have a large backyard like you did as a child.
I hate this place.
I want White
This was very interesting and informative thanks
I never was a fan of such restrictive zoning ,  but I had no idea how prevalent it was.
you have to eat. the food deserts you are so proud of are why the planet is dying.   you cannot eat (take) without composting (giving back).... period. stop pushing the sci-fi delusion that we can conquer the planet to death and everything will be fine
Removing these laws is liberal/libertarian - progressives were the ones who put them into place.
I do love soup in a bag for lunch. Anyone get that one?
Glad this video was made in Colorado. Seeing sprawling suburban development everywhere I drive is concerning
A bag of milk?
BAG of milk?!?!?!
America has long been opposed to private property and has, since it's earliest days, opposed Capitalism. Get America out of the private property planning of individuals and the environment will thrive because of it.
For me, if you can't take a naked shower on your own front yard without getting in trouble for it, then you're not far enough.
City planning shouldn't have any government involvement. Individual private people have the ability to design cities for themselves far better than anyone in a government.
Mentioned at the end of the video that there are Classroom Friendly versions of these. Where does one find these? I'm a Jr. High Earth Science teacher and I think a few of these would be cool to show in class.
what you are ^obviously^ missing out on is that  people like to drive, not because they are racist, but because "driving is fun !" "cars are cool !" "busses are for loosers", to quote a berniecrat socialist. All your high density talk is only going to take the fun out of driving. so please don't blame racism for the problems  that the left right and center have refused to face since the 1970's. for god's sake even Ralph Nader contributed to this mess ! he must be racist !
Getting the government out of housing is one of many things we need to do to combat climate change, including but not limited to, destroying the nation-state and it's systems.
Civil Engineer who often does utility analysis work for city planners: Water, sewer, storm water, gas, electric, communications...all much easier to implement in more compact zones. So utilities are not an issue here. Carry on.
@14:50 Is that a Bolesławiec mug on your desk?
Live in the pod. You will own nothing and be happy.
Totally agreed with this video but then you attacked a bag of milk.
Maybe it's just cause I've lived in older parts of Michigan. But here they have no problem building apartments, condos and other types of denser homes. Honestly if we had any kind of reliable public transportation (thanks so much car companies 🙄) and less corruption 🤦‍♀️ it would be a lot closer to what this channels promote.
Some of us live in the suburbs because we hate the city and culturally want it nuked from orbit We could have a civil war, but if we did there are more places for us to hide
I really enjoyed this video, the art, jokes, and attitude was great! And to not mention the information is gold!
I would say something needs to be done at a federal level
OMG AZ is horrible for suburbia sprawl... it's cheap to flatten a desert.  I live in Prescott, the oldest part of the state. The cowboys that settled the place understood mixed-use and the main city center is very walkable. I bought a small house 1 mile from the "square," and while all house values went up like crazy, ours is higher than average and more likely to hold due to actual demand. I commute a total of like 30 minutes a week if not venturing outside of the city, and it's very nice to not have to drive.
The fact that you two did a video together has made my day lol
How about this, if you want to live in high rise apartments, then do that. If you want cookie cutter suburban homes, then do that. Stop complaining.
I have only watched half the video at this point. But I want to comment on the first minute or so, describing the suburban scenario where you aren't really close to anything and can just run around all day as a kid. I grew up in that scenario and loved being able to get on my bike, knock on a friend's door, and spend all day playing in the street, yards, and fields. Now living in a huge city, I couldn't imagine my future kids being able to do anything remotely like that. I'd be in constant fear of them being hit by a car, abducted, or having a bad interaction with a stranger. Just an interesting balance where I like living in an multizone area as a young adult, but I don't know how the kids do it. You have to be eye wateringly wealthy in a gated community to have the balance of both these scenarios.
one of my subscribers just recommended your channel & im instantly obsessed
Unfortunately, not content with fkin america up, they also exported it to the uk, new zealand, canada, australia. yeah, these countries had a say in it I suppose, but still, if the usa hadn't done it there would have been no-one to copy.
This is all well and good but I feel you are promoting people to be renters to the rich investors making stacked apartments. Owning a house and land is expensive but I would rather have a fixed mortgage as a liability that I can control than some land lord determining how many jobs I need to work so they can get a huge profit from passive income taxed around 1%.
Animal Agriculture
Houston and lack of zoning for the win!!!
I’m glad city planners in the mid 1800’s got their shit together, literally.
I think you started off on a pretty bad take. The fact of the matter is that pretty much everyone wants to live in a house. Nobody actually wants to live in a dense disgusting city crammed into a small box studio apartment with neighbors in all 3 dimensional axis of movement, NO MATTER HOW "EFFICIENT" IT IS. It's a terrible way to live and no one wants it.  If there wasn't a market for single family housing and having your own yard and your own garden etc, there wouldn't be a market for it. Sure the laws don't help, but there's absolutely a market for it, and so they made that market exist.
Woah, Woah, Woah, I need you to slow down there Tex. I was on board until 13:49 . What type of neanderthal uses a bag of milk. Are you working in an industrial milk goods factory.
"There's nothing inherently wrong with wanting to live in a single family home" but there's something inherently wrong with wanting to live around your own race huh? But only if you're white.
That’s gotta be Highlands Ranch. I recognize those sweet sweet suburban streets
I live in an Ottawa suburb, that used to be a city. It is almost all single family (at least we have some townhouses and one or two apt complexes), despite the fact that there's both industry and retail. I walk to work, but if I want to leave my area, I literally need to take a bus or car. The bike path is not maintained in the winter.
The human condition being what it is, with exceedingly rare exceptions, one does not live where other people do.
“Magic of editing” made me laugh
At some point they figured out that racism is just a product of capitalism all the time :D.
Complains length of video, has 30 second asides about bags of milk
Appreciate you not spamming us with ads like City Beautiful - you're seriously da best🙏🏽💚
I live in Eastern Canada and we do have bags of milk at the grocery store here. You buy a plastic container at dollar tree that you slip the bag in to and it does not spill. They are less inconvenient than gallon jugs since the gallon is divided in to 3 bags (1 bag holding 3 bags of milk lol). Since it is less heavy, it is easier to poor.
Ahem...   Kwik Trip/ Kwik Star in Wisconsin and Minnesota sell... Bags of Milk.  But they also sell the special use plastic kool aid jugs to store it in.
7:24 golden represent
The problem is that zoning that gets rid of this restriction also promises 'affordable housing.'  But no apartment or condo builders really want to build affordable units.  So... it becomes just another housing benefit to builders.  They bulldoze the smallest or cheapest houses, and put in new apartment buildings that are not affordable.  Or big old houses that many still live in - perhaps even more than in the apartment building.
In Brazil we have milk sold in bags, but they're in a completely different fashion. Bags are "electrically sealed" (like meat in vacuum bags,) each bag has 1 liter (around 61 cu in) and there are small plastic jars where you put the bag in and cut one or two edges of that bag. Also drinkable yogurt and chocolate are sold in the same kind of bag. There are also other options, like plastic bottles and tetrapak boxes (those boxes which are a nightmare for recycling, a sandwich of thin cardboard and aluminum sheets glued together.)  Zoning in Brazil is determined by the municipality, and as far as I remember, the only limits there we usually have is regarding the number of stories, minimal size for each room, how much area cannot be built upon, distance between buildings and such. It might have something like USA R1 zoning code somewhere in very wealthy neighborhoods, but it's like a very small percentage of the total urban area. Here where I live I'm a single family house owner crammed into a neighborhood full of 7-10 story buildings, as we moved here nearly 50 years ago. In the late 1970's there was a milk farm two blocks away from my house and the tallest building was the police headquarters with 5 floors.
This ain't rocket science. Follow the money. You will see where things end up. All in the ever deepening pockets of fewer and fewer, and wars and feudalism for the rest. Have a nice day.
I KNEW this channel would blow up man....too good not to.
This guy doesn't buy his bags of milk at Kwik Trip
As someone who resides in a city where high density housing is taking over, it’s a f*cking nightmare. And it’s not just because of the exorbitant pricing on the trash apartments/condos, but because of the lower quality of life one gets living in them. While high density housing may seem “ideal” in theory, there is little to defend its existence in real life application. At the very least, in my neck of the woods.
In Western Europe. You have forgot about commie blocks that is also better than USA bullshit
I needed like 10 seconds to realize that bad cut was a joke. 15:15 Good one. :D
ummm...what is whipper snapper?
I grew up in the country, basically by myself, and was jealous of my cousin in the suburbs that basically had access to unlimited friends, video games, and snacks throughout the neighborhood.  The only thing the existing suburbs really have going for them is lots of roof area, but we still have very little solar penetration or storage in that regard.
1:41 into the video and subscribed. Knowledge and humor? Yes, please!
The picture at 01:03 with the greenery is right next to my university in sweden, wtfff
SO MUCH YES. Our favorite two channels 🌍💙
Love the team work:)   Coming over from NJB.
I wanna live in an underground colony like I'm a Dwarf. Let us build into hills ike Hobbits. But seriously, I'm looking for a home and am struggling because of this stuff. I live in Oregon so we have the rule changes (didn't know about them until this video), but that's recent so it's still a lot of suburbia garbage. I want a single family home because I hate people and want a garage. But... wow, I don't want it like this.   My dream is something between all of these. Imagine a parking garage with a mixed use complex attached. It's mostly housing, maybe some businesses that can operate in environments like residential like therapists or doctors. Each home doesn't use the parking garage, they use their own garage that you drive into. Stacked, multi-level garages and homes. Easier to move large objects up there too. For those who don't want to use their cars as much, the garage presents the opportunity to put garage-type-stuff in it. I'd also like thicker walls, because I hate noise. That's really all I want honestly, to be left alone in peace and quiet, and be able to use power tools without making everyone around me angry. Maybe something like this exists. I mostly just want to have thick walls and a shop, I'll take that option.
Id love high density walkable neighborhoods. We need to change how we build.
I live in a suburb near a large city located in the rust belt. The city government is corrupt and dysfunctional. Bad schools, potholed roads, high crime and abandoned homes. Not every city is like Amsterdam or Golden Colorado. If that is the quality of life you are looking for then go for it. Enjoyed the video.
Good video, but I was expecting more focus on the fact that suburbs are also economically crippling cities, because there simply isn't the money to fund their upkeep. They are too expensive to maintain, and are being subsidized by urban taxpayers and propped up by building more suburbs for the short-term cash injection. Which simply kicks the can down the road, but makes the longer-term problems more insurmountable. Strong Towns did a video on this - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IsMeKl-Sv0&t=42s
So happy about this collaboration ! !
That looks like Highlands Ranch/Littleton, CO. I only know because I live right by downtown Littleton, Colorado. Small world.
congrats murica you played yourself
Hey no fair calling Villa Italia a big shitty mall, I practically spent my adolescence there!
Amazing channel SO SO GOOD
I’m not a fan of giant boring suburbs, I think they do a lot of damage to communities and their ability to connect and function to the best of their ability, but this video is bias
I have found everything in this video illuminating and pertinent. That being said, I would never live in an apartment, condo or townhome.  I hope others do.
Thanks for not making me Google "bag of milk"!! My damn curiosity.
Change always brings transfer of value. You are asking single family home owners to absorb negative economic externalities of falling home equity so real estate developers can make a profit. Nobody is going to buy out land for parks or public transportation. The  developers will just plop condos in the single family neighbourhoods.
Important message but for God’s sake comb yer mustache.
I was watching this and thinking, hey that guy looks a lot like Rollie from college improv.... Oh shit it is Rollie! Sup, Rollie?
Great video Collab between 2 of my favorite YouTubers. Gotta say, I'm a little offended Jason confused Cleveland for Chicago, but I'll let it slide since you've both done such great work. You're on thin ice though (because of climate change).
Is the population projected to expand by one-hundred million? The introduction to this video sets forth key points thare are provocate and intriguing, to say the least. This has provided me with a sense of urgency to look into my own states efforts to address these issues on a macro level. Yet, it comes back to the point of our actual population growth. Birth-rates are declining, and soon enough our eldest will be on their death beads. Are we, as a nation - capable of sustaining a growth rate of one-hundred million with a negative birth rate? Is this a by-product of immigration?
If you watch Not Just Bikes, you'll get depressed because you're city/town is inevitably going bankrupt.
Ok bagged milk enthusiast here you put the bag in a container with a nice handle so it doesn't spill and I've NEVER seen bags of milk like the monstrosities you showed on here I am appalled. They're cheaper than jug milk so PLEASE stop talking shit or I WILL have problems
bag of milk??????
haha bag of milk. I didn't really catch that but I was also shredding Stevie Ray Vaughn. This is a good one episode. I'm a new fan. United By Zero turned me on to your channel. Thanks!
Holy fuck, the recorder riff of “do u remember” I’m dead! Lmao
suddenlty thats why we ALL want to WFH if we can in America
Milk bags are actually kinda brilliant, their cheaper and less wasteful than plastic milk jugs, and really you just put the milk into a pitcher.
Lol at 11:17 highlighting the plural as "cul-de-sacs" as a way of proving that it's actually "culs-de-sac"  Another phenomenal video Rollie, you deserve all the success coming your way...actually laughed out loud when you called out the "bag of milk" thing
Hey  Climate Town ... Great Piece As someone who spent WAY too much time being a delinquent at Villa Italia that grew up to be a Sound Engineer I am having a bag of milk level of anger that in you're final shot you have you lavaliere mic attached to you with Painters tape!?!??  What  did that poor mic ever do to you? Show it some respect! I know shooting/editing ones own video is not easy, but give a little love to properly treating the mic, place and hide it properly so we can focus on your fine presentation.  Really great shots of JeffCo btw.  Reach out and I'll happily talk mics with you over beverages at Jose O'Sheas  Again great Piece. Keep them coming! With Love,  C in Bernal Heights, San Francisco
based racist developers
Sorry, had to pause. "buying a bag of milk"?  This is a video for Americans. Why are you trying to stir up controversy?
So you want everyone to live in 175 soft apartments on top of each other aka high density?  Or buy a similar condo for a family of 3 and pay $400k for it?  You know there is research on lab rats and what they do to each other when they are forced to crowd each other.  They go nuts.  But let's ignore all the enormous electricity your mental views demand that literally are destined to melt the planet too.  Meanwhile your celebrity heroes have McMansions, jets, gas guzzling SUVs, take expensive vacations in jets .  Oh but the Boomers and the suburbs are the real problem.  Why are millennials such obtuse hypocrites?
The saddest thing you've mentioned is how you and your childhood friend had only one toy gun between the both of you.
If you ever buy a clip on microphone I will unsubscribe
Americans don't get the bag of milk thing. It's great.
Christ I hope you didn't go to all those places using public transit cause wow it sucks here, especially the W line like wtaf
When you show the plural of cul-de-sac, the google result doesn't agree with what you said it was so I'm confused now
America made single family homes a focus so that it benefited the automotive and oil industries.   High density housing near commercial areas would make Americans less reliant on cars and more on public transportation...  Which The automotive and oil industries don't want because they would lose so much money.
you had me til Belmar. That place is drying up faster than our reservoirs.
Thank you for being you
People don’t want to live in apartments… they have to live there because there aren’t other options…
Looking at my town, the closest grocery store is 1.6 mile or 2.5km and would have to walk acrost 2 stroads. The closest restaurant is a mom n pop Mexican place i didn't even know existed until i just looked it up on google maps. Might have to stop by some time. Only .6 mile or about 1km. Not too bad. No stroads that way ether. But still. But me personally there is no way I'm living in another apartment or duplex. Every time i have, the neighbors have been the worst. Like one time two old lady's upstairs would get into screaming fights and some times fist fights every night. Another place my neighbor would get up at 6am and blast country music. He called the cops on me for watching TV after 10pm on a Saturday. I worked overnights. Great. Places can be built with sound insolation, but not any i have lived. With that i would have no problem with apartments. Little town of 70k people in the middle of nowhere and the cheapest rent is around $700/m for a falling apart dump.
The Canadian milk bags aren't quite as messy as they look: they're supposed to fit in a specially-shaped reusable pitcher. It probably saves either some packaging waste or cleaning effort but I don't remember how you're supposed to reseal the bag after it's been opened.
It's too expensive, but I sure do appreciate that NYC bucks this trend at only 15%. We shall stay if we can.
so republican suburbs are bad, democratic runs cities are bad. What next?
Few things: 1) Thanks to Not Just Bikes for bringing me here. 2) Love the content. 3) I liked and subscribed. 4) City Beautiful is also an amazing channel. 5) I live in Aurora, so it was fun seeing you in and around the metro. 6) I could go on and on, but I’m just grateful for this kind of information. Feeling empowered to help make change.
whenever I see 70s 80s movie scenes showing satellite towns/neighborhoods it was so awkward looking.  Here in Colorado, they are doing exactly that in 10s 20s
Real estate developers aren't forced to just do suburban sprawl against their will, they're the ones lobbying politicians and homeowners to preserve these laws and regulations because the other components to suburban sprawl, apart from extremely restrictive zoning are: - The massive subsidies the federal government gives to suburban expansion, incentivizing more and more suburban real estate projects - The massive infrastructure costs attached to suburban development, bankrupting cities and forcing them to develop more suburbs to get more subsidies to keep the city's economy alive. Real estate developers aren't victims of suburban zoning, they're the culprits.
As my wife and I have progressed in our careers, we get the "you should move to the suburbs" message. We've considered it, but 1. we don't want to! and 2. we aren't into the idea of tying our worth to property value and 3. we have a Black son and.... well, suburbs are Very Friendly Racism a lot of the time.
"The housing laws in the US are fucked up and they BEEN fucked up for a while you know why?"  "It's not racism is it?"  "RACISM"  god fucking dammit
I think Montreal CAN has some of the best mid density housing. What are some other areas like this?
Denver is sooo upscale white, would be good to have some working examples of dense housing in the Southeast US that are more demographically the opposite of Denver. https://www.denverpost.com/2018/05/16/downtown-denver-white-single-wealthy/
Why am I watching this? I'm a Russian, living in nine-story building, with grocery on ground floor, and a park across the street. Oh, yep, I love Not Just Bikes and want Netherlands level bike infra in Russia too, 'cause we don't have any. At least we have public transit. And traffic jams. Oh, and 146% corrupted government.
L+ Racism+ Classism+ Automobiles = Environmentally stressful rat maze some call a "neighborhood"
Ban old people from these meetings nobody over 48 should be giving ideas at meetings
I agree about the climate te argument presented in the video. The tangle that needs to be addressed is that home ownership, particularly single-family detached houses, are the primary wealth-building vehicle for middle-class America. Home values are negatively impacted by proximity to high-density housing and condo/apartment ownership is relatively rare here. How would we go about reform without stripping wealth from middle class families?
I don't like the city or the suburbs, haha. Gimme a country homestead in the middle of nowhere with some animals and my family.  Regardless, I can certainly agree that our American way of zoning makes no logical sense and could use vast improvement.
We need to be the land of the free FOR REAL
The irony is that white people are made to suffer in suburban hellholes due to stupid racist policies in other words everyone loses
Dear USA racism is a BAD IDEA just ask Yugoslavia
So tired of taking the blame for the sins of our father's. Most cities had forms of mass transit but that was all pushed out by GM and Firestone. Without investments in modern mass transit, none of these issues will be resolved. Zoning will not help you.
Ahh yes California the home of all of America’s bad ideas.
So we should go full East Asian to deal with this
Living in a crowded city sounds like hell.  Love the suburbs for the space
I live in the UK, but this is still really interesting and becoming more of a problem here as cities expand. I am so anxious about climate change, any ideas of things that i can do to help in a better way they shouting into the void?
The zoning regulations and ordinances in this country r so backwards… great video
Zoning meeting. My perfect first date
Preventing a black dance hall in the neighborhood to make sure the neighborhood sucks.... Smh what were they thinking
Well I guess I'm  trying to figure out where my zoning meetings take place. That'll be....fun.
Fact is, America's population growth has drastically slowed over the past few decades and is now flat-lined and expected to decrease every year from here on out, as with most other countries in the world, and more people are moving to urban areas and away from suburbs.  Yes, there might be more efficient ways to live, like we all live in tents like our Native siblings, but that's not realistic and ain't gonna' happen.  Suburbs will remain more trees and bushes planting and grown, and some will start to come down soon as we experience population with more solar and EV's.  Most new housing developments today aren't for people who've never owned a house, they're mostly custom homes for people just moving from one house to another.  I've lived in multi-story housing and HATED it!  I've lived in the U.K. and the Netherlands and didn't like it, at all.  The answer is building super-energy efficient homes with solar PV and heat pumps.
Random low IQ left wing interjections like quips about how the founders were anachronistically racist lost my interest in an otherwise decent video
Sounds like introducing mandatory annual driving tests you have to pay out of pocket once you hit 60 is a good way to influence these meetings and push more mixed use zoning...
god this is so embarrassing, trying to get through a video on zoning and have to sit thru a guy struggling to deliver jokes about HH BROTHER and french plurals, with occasional breaks to advocate for elevators in medium density residential
i love you
14:23 Delft!
Bags of milk are fine. You just need a pitcher to hold the open bag of milk. Why don't we pour the milk into the pitcher? I don't know the answer to that.
I just saw news that Dave Chappelle literally helped block affordable housing in Yellow Springs by threatening to pull his businesses out of town.
Duuuuude! Have you not seen the remake of judge dredd? Mega apartments are hell
The 1920's brought us the concept and the mentality of the zoning laws we have today. If we could live close to where we work, it could mean less driving time, less gas and car maintenance, less cars, less pollution, and less need to build and expand roads like the 20 lane Katy freeway in Houston.
Just slow down immigration and population grow stops? Obvious solution isn't it?
At least the racist laws didn't mention Korean people.
You should check out Arcologies and Paolo Soleri an interesting side path in the  mid 20th century.
Couldn't people ride horses to work?
You are funny, you had me openly laughing at the bag of milk joke. And I like your message, but....  You, and others like you, aren't accounting for personal desires. Many people want space and privacy, and not living on top of each other, and they don't mind having to drive.  And it's not because of racism, they want their autonomy. Until you convince the majority of Americans that living like people in the Netherlands is better, then the old dudes at the zoning meetings are going to keep winning the day. The infrastructure solutions are the easy part.  Good luck though.
This is a HUGE problem here in Connecticut. Towns like Westport like to think they are tolerant and liberal with their "All Are Welcome, Here," signs in their yards, but start screeching when there is the possibility of high-density housing, especially when it includes low-income housing. Good forbid the people who clean the houses there be able to afford to live in the same town and even, *gasp,* shop at the same grocery store.... Other places like New Haven and West Haven have a LOT of mixed housing zones, with single family, multi-family, and apartments on the same street. The buses aren't terrible. Where I live, it is a twenty minute ride to downtown. If you include finding parking, it takes the same to drive. Or I could also ride my bike to downtown in 20 minutes, I mean when it isn't winter here in New England. It is no wonder the people moving here are ending up in New Haven, Hartford, and Stamford. Bridgeport is slowly getting better, but it is still a very car-centric city.
The idea of living in high-density housing, subjected to the relentless noise, garbage, crowding and stench of grease emanating from restaurants strikes me as torture.  Not everyone desires city life and the utter lack privacy.  There are even, believe it or not, people who enjoy growing vegetables in their home gardens, playing catch with their children, and sitting on their back porches, having coffee.  The horror!
Birthrates are on the decline. Kinda pokes a hole in this whole video.
I love your style man, gives me Rick Mercer vibes, haha
Haha looks like you're a couple miles north of my house! Golden, CO?
just an idea how to get around zoning: does the law specify how much space above must be alotted for single family houses?... single family houses could be built on platforms ontop of each other... kind of like a parking garage. i know there might be issues with natural light, but it could also motivate the inhabitants to demand that zoning laws in their communities be changed. where would you rather live, a neighborhood similar to the outer rings of amsterdam?.... or a parking garage?
My county is in the midst of this change over, but annoyingly the midrise apartments going in everywhere are trying too hard to be fancy. Like stop with the super high ceilings and loft vibes in new construction. Give me a reasonable, normal, efficient and quiet apartment. And it's all expensive. Owning any housing at all is just crazy expensive right now.
All I godda say from living in an apartment is fuck upstairs neighbours.
10:09 current things to keep in mind.
Was  l i t e r a l l y  about to comment about the bag of milk, & then this dude reaches into my brain 😂
Take me down to OVEREXPOSED city 😂. But excellent content tho
I live in a townhouse with plenty of stuff near by but the we cant walk a lot of places because the sidewalks arent there.
dude pls make a video about the meat industrie! thx
USA are energy guzzlers, has nothing to do with those beautiful neighbourhoods.  Disgusting tiny apartments full of depression like France or Japan? Not a damn bit of grass or even animals? More fulfilling and joyous you say? What are you talking about Man? Traffic it's terrible in France and GB and they do this don't they? The prefabricated type of housing with insulation has the best heat retention of all conventional housings doesn't it? Im taking an architect word btw, a great one... You say it wouldn't disalow the zoning, still at some point it becomes the norm and people start living like pigs as in the aforementioned countries. If people there drive a 4.0 Hemi Ram to McDonalds and have the AC on all day what did you expect.  The US citizen consumes a shitload of energy when compared to other countries it's a known fact, we have the same laws in Argentina lol big deal.  I lived in an apartment with 11 floors, it was the only one allowed to be in that area because of these laws. It was shit.
Hi Climate Town! Could you do a video talking about Earthships, or other alternative off the grid housing? Fan of the videos. Thanks!
Its not just Canada and the USA, us Australian folk also have to sorta deal with this too. However it's more to do with the costs of building up compared to flattening bushland for cheap and tacky houses
Great to hear the classic catchphrase, "Buy a bag of milk," on another channel. Just had to get it in there.
Thank you for this. Cape Town is planning to build a lot of housing soon and currently is having a 'have your say' on the development plan. Cape Town suffers from a lot of sprawl and to make matters worse a lot of the construction is on the Cape Flats Sands Fynbos region, of which 14% of the original natural area remains and about 1% is conserved or managed. It needs better planning.
I lfe without a garden, yard for Americans, is a miserable life.  By where I worked, they threw up lots of apartments. I'd ratherive in a te t.
That’s so funny. Bagged milk is never closed like that. When they’re closed, they do stack. And they create less waste. When you need a new bag, you put it in the bag holder and cut the corner. That’s all. So you can buy more milk at the time.
Property ownership is a right. I love my land and it works for me. Single family homes have been around longer than 1917 in California they just hadn’t legally termed it single family home. Zoning stops a ghetto from popping up next to my land and it’s gonna stay that way. At least where I live thank god.
Don't knock bagged milk till you've tried :D  I grew up drinking it and it's just fine :)
needed this
Is it the mall from Tony Hawk Pro skater 🤯
I'm for it, especially if it means stopping people moving their single-family homes in rural areas and complaining when tractors make noise and the smells of farming.
Oh yeah, you guys don't have bags of milk down there - savages. Bags of milk are quite straightforward and convenient - the pictures you showed didn't really capture what they're like. If you just google 'bags of milk' you'll see the usual setup as well as the basic explanations of why they're vastly superior and make you so much cooler when you use them.
I like how the video is 10 seconds longer
As a former Landscape Architect who specialised in urban people friendly environments ( think, Holly Whyte) a fantastic video, especially using Europe as a working and successful example. In the UK many of us no longer own cars as we no longer need them, due to walkable local towns, excellent public transport links and walkable cut throughs ( alleyways).  For a further video idea ( which would be fun) 'the History of roads and the influence of the car ie Grid (1900's), Cul-De-Sacs (1930's) and now the walkable alternative 'the Fused Grid' (2002),(which makes walking and cycling quicker ie going at the diagonal whereas the motorised traffic goes in a grid and thus slower.). Get rid of the cul de sac designed in the 1930's for urban car sprawl!
high density is for poor people
Another banger
My favorite memory of growing up in the suburbs was splorin foreclosed homes with my brother
international talk, who cares about america ? i dont.
So you can't start a small business out of your home there or a shop on the corner because of zoning rules? *Yep had to look it up: 4200 tonnes of CO2 per mile of road, it's the official figure!
No joke, I paused the video to Google 'bag of milk', then I was caught in a surreal loop as it happened again in front of me!
Classroom versions?  All thru this vid I’ve been thinking about engagement and students - the kids would go home and watch the swear word version for sure.   Funny - good show, ty.❤️
Crazy Americans and their zoning laws, lol.
Cul-de-sac literally mean bottom of bag (in French), which is why the plural is  culs for bottoms.  Somehow Cul-de-sac is posh in England but Cul should be translated by ass, not bottom 🤣
Collab with Adam Something when??
1;35 LOL!
Euclid is by Cleveland, not Chicago. I was a bit confused when I heard that.
Is it ok for white families to only marry white people and stay white and to have family and ethnic based neighborhoods? Or no ? Is that only allowed for other ethnicities ?
AHAHAHA LETS GET DRUNK SOME TIME!!
1:04 I LITERALLY LIVE THERE THAT IS LINKÖPING, SWEDEN. what made you choose this picture??? where did you even find it????? anyways, dope
We find new surprises about this 3rd world country with a Gucci belt every day… thank you for the great content!
OK, I'll address the elephant in the room. Unfortunately, multi-family housing in the US is built cheaply so they become the "slums of the future". Until owners are required to maintain their properties, single family homeowners are going to oppose multifamily housing.
I fucking love this man
Growing as a city kid, living on the 8th floor of a concrete box with thousands of the same boxes around, all filled with people, I can honestly say it's my personal vision of hell on earth. My dream is, for once, not to hear my neighbors argue, not to see them at all is even better. One family house in the suburbs is so popular because it's the next best thing, it's called quality of life and no environmental concerns gonna make me live in hell, sustainable and economical it may be.    Eating some yeast paste, living in a human anthill, drinking recycled piss, it's all part of the future, as the future goes for now, but until then, live good, give yourself a chance to be happy, environment will still be ruined by the big conglomerates hunting for more profit.
Very very well done guys, just what's needed more and more and urgently!  OK so maybe now I can ask you both...   Yes I follow both your channels, and lots more climate channels besides, of the top scientists and people like Kate Raworth Doughnut Economics that is currently being implemented in Amsterdam. I'm sure you both know. So how about a joint effort looking at what's going on there, and the locals involved in the wider city of Amsterdam and giving people the low down.  We're all going to have to do something similar and likely more thorough as we progress over this next 5 or more years. Not forgetting the science, peer reviewed that Extinction Rebellion scientists are involved in. It is the right precautionary science that will help to keep us to, fingers x'd, 2.4 deg C over preindustrial (1750) (Kate Raworth will know this too, 1.5 and probably 2 deg are gone). You guys are the ones, pool resources for a short series and do it in the styles to which you're accustomed and keep it snappy and smart as you both do. People need it, they're crying out inside for it. Focus on your strengths and go for it. You could, nay can do this and save the world! Well, maybe a slight exaggeration there, yeah just a tad.
Eh, city's suburbs not a fan of either. To many people. Crime, condensed pollution/smog no thanks. I'll be out here doing my own thing. Ever seen a city after a two week blackout, or a riot or how many times has Chicago burned down?
I didn't realise how good we have it outside the US. In the suburban area I live in, even the detached houses are half the size of an american house and we have train stations.
At least there are some decent cities with mixed zoning left like Montreal. I think it's a remnant of the fact that the city is 400 years old
Yeah but I want a back yard and not hear my nabours banging
The ideal person for the economy is somebody who uses a car, eats unhealthy, smokes and never exercises. Has the greater expenses during his life and dont live long enough for him to recieve retirement.
bags of milk are just cheaper, its not a problem if you have a bag of milk holder in your fridge
Of all the single time use liquid/beverage containment options we have bags are the most environmentally friendly. The problem with glas bottles is the weight and energy used to clean them (which is less of a factor once renewable energy is used for that). Is what I've read somewhere and I can't remember where.
Another brilliant video!
You think bagged milk is bad, where I come from, Australia, we have this thing we call goon. What is goon you may ask? Bagged wine in a box. To its credit though, it comes with a dispenser so you can pour it like a tap, which is actually pretty useful.
I've lived in a sprawl all my life (SoCal), and I went to NYC for the first time a few months ago and I loved it, it's better in so many ways, it upset me most of the country isn't set up that way. I also noticed the many, MANY industries that employ people in cities like LA are basically non-existent. People in industry like tile people, drywallers, painters, framers, carpenters, electricians, machinists, pool people, landscapers, mechanics, tire shops, body shops, tint shops and a billion other things would not have a job in NYC. Yes, of course high density cities have all of those things, but not like in LA, and I'm assuming Texas, where these industries account for a large percentage of the workforce. So you could revolutionize transportation for the better, but GM would have to start making trains and busses or go under. And the people who support these sprawls will have to learn to do whatever the fuck people in NYC do for a living to afford to pay $2500 for a 1 bedroom apartment. This simply will not happen.
Wrong. Bag of milk is the most optimal way to store milk. You can buy a bag of milk plastic holder that can hold a bag of milk for thousands of cycles and the bag of milk is easier to recycle. Checkmate, climate scientist man.
Props to Not Just Bikes to directing me to this channel.
Alan fisher is a YouTuber who does great videos on trains and urban planning and how they all integrate
A bag of milk is more sustainable than a jug.. it uses less plastic, and you can put it in a reusable pitcher
I grew up in a detached house and tried living in an urban area. In a month I almost went completely crazy due to the constant noise. So I decided that I would much rather have a two hour public transport ride to my university from the suburbs, using the ride to watch some lectures. It is definitely not for everyone. I like my peace and quiet. I wish it was more sustainable though...
One time on tinder, this girl and I were gonna get coffee and write letters to our congress people for our first date. It never happened, our convo kinda fizzled out but damn an HOA meeting for a first date that's on my bucket list
Laughed my ass off a "the magic of editing!" you're killin it
I’d take this guy more seriously if his coat was less expensive looking and it didnt piss me off just looking at it, but alas here we are typing this comment.
TL;DR doublespeak 101.
Don't worry bud. At this point only a handful of third world countries still have a net positive birth rate. That extra 100 million people won't be in the U.S. unless we really ramp up immigration.
Interesting to see the trend since the covid has been for people to move out to the suburbs. High crime activity in the USA urban areas is a big reason for the flight to the suburbs. In a utopia where everyone is a good person without fear of being harmed, urban living is great. That is not the case. There was an old 78 year old Chinese man who got gunned down in Chicago's Chinatown by a Mexican gangster. The Chinese guy was just walking on the sidewalk. Cold hard truth about the cities in the USA.
Most people don’t want to live in a box with hundreds of other people next to them…detached houses are much much better even if your on your own…they will try and guilt u into wanting to live in a box in the sky citing muh climate change…but I guarantee those same people will be in a detached house..don’t be fooled !!
my cat really sat up and paid attention when hulk Hogan was ranting
Is this the guy from Kamui brand? 😏
No, we do build it open because we prefer it. If you want to live in a beehive tower go live in China for a bit and lose your individuality.
William Nillium
Coming from Europe, the problem I see can be represented by your oversized jacket. I understand its comfortable and warm and everything, but it distractingly big, at least two sizes bigger that it has to be. And that exaclty the problem you have with your suburbs. Suburbs is not that big of a problem, unless you keep on using larger sizes for everything. Including clothing... Still great vid and I was very happy to see and addition from the Netherlands, its what made that video complete! Also, yes your cities are buld based on ancient Greek pattern. Ippodamos architecture design for city planning.
wish youd take our the annoying memes
You had to pull the racist card?  Goodbye
All we want/need is actual urban planning and public transit, not suburbs and extra lanes on highways
In my neighborhood in Virginia, we have numerous grocery stores a bike ride away, schools all within 1 mile walking distance, and easy walking trails all around town.  Yet people still get in their SUVs to go EVERYWHERE.  You can lead a horse to water, brother….
Watching this i feel like being lectured.
Before you said it, I was looking at those burbs thinking, "that looks like Colorado!" Hi from Denver!
when oil runs out the collapse of the usa will be fcking epic
Excellent video to drink a bag of milk to. My first visit here - was expecting a reasonably interesting bit of climate chatter, but super impressed by the detailed and interesting content, excellent production, and a presenter who is actually genuinely witty! Great job, thanks for the video.
Interesting for this European to see an American reflection on residential sprawl. In France there is a law on 'zero net soil artificialization'. All new urban development requires densifying already built up areas, including those with single-family housing, or reclaiming brownfields or compensating new developments by  'rewilding' previously urban areas. However, residential sprawl has already taken its toll. 'European' central city living (with multi storey residential buildings joined together with shops and businesses on the first floor) is still a coveted although expensive thing in the larger urban areas (Paris, Lyon, Bordeaux) but many historic city centers are declining because of businesses and residents having moved towards the town peripheries.
You seem to think youre position saves the world from climate change or whatever social belief you hold.   In order for people to live in a high densification area, the community relies on capitalist systems to provide all the peoples needs. Turns out its cheaper to import.   Youve made the argument for suburbia but theres a problem with high densification.
WAHT? CROSSOVERS of my two favorite YouTube channels?!
Japan's dense-but-livable cityscapes are briefly mentioned in this video, and if you're curious about their multi-layered zoning, it's quite fascinating. (if you're into that sort of thing)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfm2xCKOCNk
I got a better solution.  Close the fucking border! Restore legal immigration to the traditional  pre-1990  250k oer year. The most stable societies have a birth rate just slightly higher than the mortality rate.  America was a far better country when our population was only 200k. There isn't the resources  anymore to support more people.
As someone who has only lived in cities, after watching this, the suburbs actually sound pretty nice to live.
Interesting, so almost every social and economic  ill that's biting America's ass today started because of  a policy to disenfranchise and deprive minorities and now its fucking up everybody, goes to show, never think that just because you're are not the target of an unfair practice of a law or policy right now, it won't in the future hurt you or your descendants.
Oh bagged milk 🤣
Both in "cul-de-sac" and "culs-de-sac" the "s" is silent. (At least in French; I don't know about its use as a loan word in English.) And the singular and the plural are pronounced exactly the same.
Sigh... People are not ants. They are individuals. Go make a video about requiring carpooling, because it's more efficient than one person driving their own car to work.
so unreal watching him stand in the same places I've stood before
A bag of milk is waaaay more less stress for the enviroment, than the paper-aluminium-plastic combo package we used to see. In hungary it was the common packaging practice for milk. We bought the milk in a plastic bag, and had a holder-jug for the milkbag at home. It was easy, and useable, and it created way less waste. If you interested  in this late cultural nuance search for the hungarian therm "zacskóstej".
urban planning and wrestling? this is my type of channel
i like suburbs and wouldnt want high density anything near my neighborhood. a lot of people dont like suburbs or massive single family zones but a lot of people do like it.
You probably shouldn't be buying Digiorno, as it's owned by Nestle, but point taken. And, yeah, bag of milk? WTF!
I'm an architecture grad student, and I never fully understood why urban sprawl is like this perpetual motion machine in the U.S. Even when all the architects and planners should know that building up is better! This video really shed some light on that for me.
4:32 People reading the comments: Don't think that there's footage from the mid-1800s or that there were bicycles at that time.
Sepia Times with Pineapple Rag music, sweet! Joplin wrote some great tunes, 4:00 or so.
Serendipitously I watched the Not Just Bikes episode months ago
I agree with everything in this video, except for bags of milk. Really really easy to pour once you have jugs to accommodate. WAY less wasteful since you toss a tiny bit of plastic versus milk cartons that have WAY more environmental impact.
Actually that one family area in the background is nice and dense.  Families need single family homes.
"..and the general feeling is that the whippersnappers should get off their lawn" omg I sprayed my table with coffee when he dropped that line!
Democrats are making cities unlivable
And all I see are SUVs and pickup trucks. For fucks sake, these engines are like 7 times bigger than what those people need 90% of the time.
so income disparity was used to enforce racism
No, I agree with young Burt Reynolds here. This is ridiculous.
Wait, did you say “My friend Eric Roza..”? Like, Crossfit Eric Roza?
Hulk Hogan is definitely an R1 zoning advocate.
My Borough is currently revising it's zoning and most people in the Borough want nothing to do with high-density homes.  We are not an affluent community, but we have seen a nearby Township embrace higher-density housing----and an ever-increasing number are voicing their regrets.
Collapse will be the only thing to change America unfortunately and it may come sooner than we think.
I did not expect you to use a photo of my home town in Sweden as an example for high-density housing! It's Linköping, one of the most bicycle-dense cities in Sweden, 1/3 of all travel is done by bike.
Nothing like a little casual blashemous insulting to prove one's argument.
As a parent, I actually want to live in a suburb. I want a large house with a large yard. That's not possible in dense urban environments. I imagine this message is made for grumpy 20-year-olds, but it doesn't really appeal to me
Technologies exist now with which EVERY NEW BUILD IN AMERICA could be a passive home.  Lobby your government to encourage that. Stop poisoning the youth with your Leftist Communist bullshit.  Because China and India still have no emissions standards.
wait...what?  i thought we canadians were the only ones who bought BAGS OF MILK??
The easy solution is to stop breeding. Duh. You are clever and funny but you are delusional. Just mention OVERPOPULATION! Just once. Please!  before I jump out of the window in anguish. JUST SAY IT!  OVERPOPULATION!!!! Yes. Stop breeding. Problem solved.
U ARE funny!!
Cul-de-sacs get a bad rap. Just link them up with walkways, and you have bonus outdoor space. This is the thing that usually goes missing in the discussion - open space.  When you've got a suburb, you can do things that can only be done outside.  You can't sit below a tree, or stargaze with a telescope, or do some woodwork quite so well in apartments.   If we must densify, it needs to come with sufficiently private courtyards. Or other personal outdoor space. Otherwise we'll all have no choice but to live as shut ins.
Stairs are the enemy to disabled people.
yeah but we will be living next to all the factories.
Dragons would solve all of this because we would go to living under ground.
When the Virus came, apartment dwellers dreamt of a single family home and paid dearly to get a home.
culs des sacs
Here's the simplest reason why we have single family housing regulations:  Ideally people could live in European style urban housing with clean parks to take their children to play. But parents don't want to live in apartments where they have to take their children to parks occupied by homeless camps full of drug addled people with mental illness. And so they agree to rules that help prevent higher population density in order to protect their children from violent abuse. Call it racism if you want but it sounds more like ignorant childless hipster talk to me.
My mom lives in Solterra! Definitely not the nicest place to live in my opinion
Skip the ear bleeding audio next time
Pause all immigration for the foreseeable future. Done problem avoided.
The Belmar development in Lakewood, CO is an example of drive to walkability.  You drive there, park in a giant parking deck, and then go walk around.  They just made the indoor mall and outdoor one.
This guy could be doing comedy sketchs for living in YouTube and decided to use his talent to make 20 min long documentaries about climate change... What a legend.
That bb gun story resonates. I came really close to losing an eye
Abolish restrictive zoning controls and let the market decide!! Demanding only single family zoning is blatant government over reach, I thought we lived in a free market… was never true to begin with
All of Canada use bagged milk. You buy a milk jug. Way better than a 1gal jug that chews up an eighth of your fridge even when mostly empty.
Great channel!
2:55, proof of what a diet of strictly ramen can do to a guy.
Usually…  “the retired and bored.”   Sounds about right!   Excellent video.
I feel like some more Hulk Hogan clips would make this video better
Yeeeeeesssssssss! I'm so glad you got together with not just bikes!
The eagle is literally my favorite Character in your videos
Wait until you look up "bag of beer". Drinking beer the Chinese way.
Your video is unrealistic as it imagines Americans all living in mini urbanized cities...when the majority of of want our own private space, with a backyard for the kids, and a house that we can own and improve it as we wish...but your vision is to have everyone cram together in a small space, because it's "fun"...I worked for over 30 years in order to buy a house...and I did...I live in a neighborhood with virtually no crime...unlike the urbanized cities...so take your hippie Kumbaya leftist crap and sell it to Australia...F*ck cities!!!!!
One of the core premises of your video is demonstrably and unequivocally wrong.  Trends show that people prefer lower-density single-family housing.  When you compare condo to single-family sales, even when there is availability the sale times and margins for condos are directly and inversely proportional to how many neighbors they share.  Duplexes and townhomes see similar trends, with the salability of the units being directly tied to unavailability or unaffordability of the area single family homes.  While the sprawl problem does need a solution, the solution is better urban planning with better focus on alternative transportation, not forcing people into higher density housing with a bunch of other people who would rather have privacy and space instead of being cooped up like poultry being fattened in terrible conditions for slaughter.
Is no wonder the smart ones are going off grid, living in suburbs is by all means no longer considered sustainable or feasible. Minimalist living is the way to go and cutting your overhead costs. The whole system of suburb living is archaic and really not healthy, urban planners, property developers, real estate agents council, govt, banks are responsible for these horrid conditions as by far they have been the ones profiteering whilst joe blow finds it difficult to pay off mortgage of thirty years when there’s no job security or satisfaction. It’s a nasty vicious cycle feeding into greedy corporations that don’t give too crap for a well functioning society. People living in the suburbs don’t necessarily function all that well realistically.
You're supposed to put the bag of milk into a pitcher. The bags are less material than bottles and cartons and that really adds up if routinely use milk. Don't even get me started about container recycling.
At 16:08 ...that's great...but with all of the smaller towns and cities, this is not feasible...the cost would be astronomical...and the businesses would probably fail due to lack of a sufficient lack of customers...Most of the U.S. is NOT NYC...
the US population may not expand nearly as much as you think, those 100 million extra people MUST come from immigration, and if that slows down by even a little, that 100 million projection may shrink A LOT.  As most countries birth rates tank to at or below the replacement threshold, immigration will continue to fall lower and lower over time.  There might come a threshold where there is literally no way to grow the population at all due to low birth rate and perpetually lower immigration over time.  Case in point, a growth of 100 million might be much more ambitious of a forecast then you might think, which will be especially true if immigration figures don't increase very quickly.
I love what you're doing and I want you to continue to do it forever. (or until all problems are solved)
I now live at the end of a Cul de Sac in Florida...after living in military base housing or apartment for 28 years...and I now love it!!!!!
Idk, honestly looking at some of those European cities, it looks like what we experience walking around a theme park. Just masses of people walking around aimlessly.
At 6:55 ...I grew up in the Casa View section of Dallas...a suburban area that had whites, Mexican Americans, and Puerto Ricans...and it was a safe neighborhood...and we were diverse...because Texas is...most of my girlfriends were Latinas...
At 5:30 ...cities with streetcars?  Like San Francisco?  Where the average one bedroom apartment costs $3500...a MONTH!!!!!!
Dave Chapelle
So cool! I’ve never heard of this before. So interesting. I might even go to a zoning meeting.
I wish I could explain how bag milk works to you. I’ll try, essentially the photo you saw is incorrect as purchased bag milk comes in a completely sealed bag (no twist tie). You then place that bag into a container that is in the same shape but the top is open so you can fit the bag inside and it has a handle on the side. You then make a small snip on one of the two exposed corners at the top of the bag and boom just tip and pour easily. The reason being is that it is quite a bit cheaper (40-50%) then bottled or box milk here in Canada 🇨🇦
I like this colab but I feel like I hear this sort of thing from too many upper-middle class white dudes. If anyone knows of a youtuber or anyone who makes some sort of media from a non-white/male perspective that would be awesome.
Canadians, am I right
The channel is a gift - to the USA and our housing monoculture. Love this channel and your quirky millennial humor!
I've been living in a more rural area my whole life and in my opinion the cities are these monsters I only want to visit. The big cities are having major issues right now. Seen LA myself, didn't even go to the east side, stayed west. Not to mention all the train theft going on there and homelessness. Philadelphia having issues along with pretty much every major city.
DUDE the Investor alert ad that popped up was over and hour long.
bag of milk is only in eastern canada. not all of canada. bag of milk does not equal canada. just like alligators does not equal all of USA
Big ban theory is trash
As a non US citizen, watching movies and tv from the USA I always dreamed of living in one of your suburbs. I get what you are saying about building up in cities instead of expanding but the prospect of getting old and end up living in a shoe box, hearing your neighbor through paper walls and non stopping traffic is terrifying to me. When you are young living in the city is great, but there has to be a way to have the option to own a piece of quiet land, with some trees where you can lay down in the grass and look to the stars (impossible to do in the city due to the smog) and breathe fresh air. Maybe stop animal agriculture which uses far more land and resources unnecessary? Build solar panels on every house? Remote work for every office worker. Expand public transportation to those areas? There has to be something else other than transforming the earth into Coruscant.
All those people who wanted segregation back then also wanted minorities to come in and clean those houses, watch their children, collect their garbage and and tend the landscaping.
I learn, I laugh, I have fun
This was an excellent companion video to the N.J.B. video!!  Also, bagged milk is an eastern Canada/Ontario thing. 😅  You won’t find bagged milk in Alberta, but also, Alberta=😐😱(yikes)🤪……
What happens when all the baby boomers die off?
As I watched your video, I kept thinking boy a lot of these places look familiar, then you stated Belmar, CO. I knew why as I live in Aurora/Parker.  I remember old Villa Italia and they did a great job redeveloping it.  The old Lowry Airforce Base is another nice mix although it's pricey.
Also a lot of lots are large due to policies of the past. I definitely want to live in a detached SFH and I hate the hustle and bustle of the city, but I don't feel like I need the huge yard that I see with a lot of SFH in my area. The yards are big enough that you could fit at east 2 more SFH on that lot, more if you made the houses taller and narrower.
Goddamn you're fucking funny
When I moved to Canada, I remember being appalled at how wasteful land use was.
You're in Denver! Pure sprawl. (I'm local) "Denver, an ugly city in a beautiful place"
Zoning reform is awesome, I wish all new construction wasn't made of literally cardboard tho
"let talk about america"  *plays a track by the who*
hello, i am an engaged viewer displaying obeisance to the algorithm overlords
Be #childfree!  Go #vegan.  Scale down.  Buy land to preserve it. #stophumanity
Dude, if you care about the environment, why do you consume animal products?
The culs-de-sac thing blew my mind
Where are you? Looks like CO :)
Can they not shrink the land size? This is happening in a few places in Australia where it's all single family homes on small blocks, about 300sqm
I'll be moving to Maywood, CA next month which is a small gateway city to LA, I've already found their Council meeting schedule. I may have to learn some spanish, but I'm excited to go!
6:26 You're tempting fate there, bud.  Those things are remorseless killing machines.
Guys, cul de sac is French for "bags ass". Help from your friendly neighborhood french speaking Canadian :)
I use to get bag milk in school lmao
Oh man, Villa Italia! That brings me back to when I was 12-15 and rode my bike 3 miles from my suburban home to hang out at the mall.
Americans: We're terrified of a bleak soviet dystopia *tweeted from a cheap tract house in a sea of cheap tract houses*
Thank you for this.   Jason is too loud, though.
Even without climate change concerns, suburbs are still unsustainable - environmentally, economically, and socially.
I grew up in Littleton, CO and subbed because of how much this hits home, literally.
As someone who wants a home on a plot of land outside of cities, high density walkable living is my nightmare. I dont wanna people that close to me all the time. I wanna go to bed at night knowing no strangers are gunna keep me up with their music or fucking.
My city is starting to revoke single family zoning due to the sudden surge of people moving here (which is weird to say the least) and a nice little housing crisis.
All of this is what I hate about our cities. >:| I miss living in Japan. I walked EVERYWHERE. The cities are so nice that I just walked for the hell of it some days.
There's one problem with changing zoning to accommodate higher population density: home-ownership is drastically reduced in that situation. Developers aren't going to build a high-rise and sell the individual units, they're going to rent them out. Same with townhomes. I don't want to be restricted with how I change or upgrade my home.
bag of milk?  fail.  bag of chocolate milk?  G E N I U S
Is there a mistake at 8:10? You say Euclid, OH wanted to keep Chicago’s factories from closing in, but did you mean Cleveland’s factories? Chicago is two states away…
A bag of milk?
Odd.. If Colorado can do it, why are the other states so adamant that it's " impossible". Oh.. wait, too many "libruls' overthere in Colorado, with their booming cycling infrastructure in some cities, and such. I'd say BURN the whole state. Call it "un -American' and let 'true Americans' go wild there. Bunch of marxist librul commie socialist lefties... Colorado DESERVES to be wiped from the map!!!!!!  * wipes froth from mouth *  By the by AAHMAZEBALLZ co-production. Bloody professional too. And hilarious. People tend to underestimate how much 'humor' can help in making complex subjects digestible.
Love it, like it, want it. Thanks!
Canadian here to talk about bagged milk. First of all, and least helpfully, it’s regional. I know it’s in Ontario and not in BC. We also have these hilarious containers made specifically for bags of milk to give them structure (and handles). Then we snip a corner off the bag for the milk to pour out of. It’s insane, for sure.
Hell no I don't want this to happen where I live. I once lived in a neighborhood that had multi-family housing units just across the street. The amount of flies and foul smell from the garbage dumpsters, noise (people, loud music, traffic) and crime made me move out 1 year later. I will never subject myself to that kind of living ever again. Sweet single-family home suburbs where people there actually take care of their property and watch out for each other is the place for me.
At 8:03 - You mean Cleveland's factories?  Not Chicago's right?  Or am I missing something???
I also highly recommend Eco Gecko's excellent series on suburbs: https://youtube.com/c/EcoGecko
Great video! Sadly, too many Americans are brainwashed into suburbanization, and it seems the pandemic (and remote work) have once again made suburbs desirable to many.
Thanks for shooting this in the Denver area. This town is absolutely horribly designed in order to cram in more cars.
Wait. Euclid, Ohio is hundreds of miles from Chicago. What am I missing?
Should the suburbs adopt a progressive city's policies like, say, San Francisco?  That city's black population fell dramatically, both in percentage and raw numbers, from 1970 through to today.  In fact, in 1970 13% of San Francisco's population were black and it dropped to only 5.2% in 2020.  Same thing can be said for many neighborhoods in New York City, like Bushwick, Williamsburg, and Hamilton Heights, where their multi-family dwellings become more white, year after year.  And New York City has the most segregated K-12 schools in the nation.  While the blatant racism of the past was horrible, maybe we should concentrate on correcting the "kind racism" progressives inflict in neighborhoods through gentrification.
Bags of milk save packing material and landfill space! Coated paper is non-recyclable!
Terrible industrial planning. Not only in American suburbs, but also in cities. I can walk to the nearest stores in a couple of minutes and bike to anything else. No car needed.
Let me preface this by writing that I understand that racism is bad. But when he said city ordinances have them written down and proceeds to show a list of ethnicities that are not white literally written down that was funny. Btw they could have just utilized efficient racism and listed "non-whites are not allowed to live here..."
Aren't you missing a major aspect of the equation? You're so quick to go straight at the city planning side, but.... there is this thing called the free market. The thing is, at the end of the day, people are going to live where they WANT to, only blunted by where they CAN. People are going to buy what they want. Not that many people don't want a single family home. Certain age demographics like the apartment/condo living life, but by a large margin most people would still buy their own house if they could. If ya wanna get real political, people move OUT of cities because they wanna make more of their own decisions about what's around them. People get sick of city councils and 20 somethings deciding how their neighborhood is.
My friends who work for a Koch brother funded PAC are actually already on board with essentially burning literally every page of zoning regulations for reasons completely unrelated to climate change. There's lots of reasons to want to get rid of our current zoning regulations.
wait US asphalt is not highly water permuable? That seems like a safty concern
Ok but living in an apartment is awful
The neighborhood you showed in CO is neat but I bet the rent is stupidly high. Only thing that sucks about those types of places
We also need to get rid of all of the corrupt Democrats who are making cities unsafe, run down, and expensive. If only cities were safe, and well run, people would voluntarily move to cities.
this was hilarious and so informative
The day one of your favourite YouTube channels makes a video about one of your favourite topics!!! (And yes, I’m spelling that word correctly! I come from the land of bagged milk! We have special reusable containers to hold and poor with them)
Ah sepia times indeed
1:15 Yeah, the majority of us DO prefer it.
What an awesome walk through history about how things came to be how they are now and a very truthful and funny one as well! I came here through the very entertaining "Not just Bikes" crossover video. Such a pity that the zoning system is actually forcing how neighbourhoods look and also the car-oriented planning of cities is such a shame. Living in The Netherlands, at age 53 I finally gave in to try cycle to work a few times a week (~25km, 15.5 miles) and was surprised that: 1: I physically could do it, getting better every week 2*: I could do it in only slightly more time than it took by car (always some traffic jams, parking not close to work because of the cost, some walking involved).        The bike I could just park next to the front door of the office 3:  I had 2 hours of mild exercise each day 4:  It was so much better than being stuck in traffic, feeling of real freedom  2* last part of the season it was faster than by car, my fitness had jumped, I cycled 9000km = 5600 miles that year.  Fun to see that some footage in this video (by not just bikes) actually feature a part of my commute: @14:14 and @14:24 Delft, NL PS: never seen a bag of milk over here 🙂, only glass (early youth) and cartons
F@ck that sh!t.  I want my own house with my own yard for my kids.
Love that you caught the “bag of milk” comment!
I just called my city councilman because of this video.
Car centric country, land of the free: you're free build and ride any vehicle you want. Also: city planning zoning: restrictions in quality of life. Choices choices 🤷🏼‍♂️
I’m hoping with the amount of footage you shot in the Denver metro area that you moved here, and you can shit on Denver and maybe Colorado Springs! I’ll buy you a beer.
Many people move to areas with single family houses precisely because they want to live in a low density community. Saying people can always live in a single family home if they want to while having multi-family dwellings around them side-steps that core dilemma - how do you convince people to change what they like about the community they live in?
I'm glad I subbed, you got great content, you're very smart and insightful. I got a question and I'm not sure if you got asked this yet. But are you related to Dusty Smith (aka Cult of Dusty)?
Yes zoning laws are outdated in many parts of the country. But to say that people dont want single family detached housing is a little myopic.   I agree that in many areas the zoning laws need to be revised to allow for greater density. But understand that even states and localities that are viewed as progressive its damn near impossible to make changes to zoning laws to allow for greater density. Reason magazine has covered this in great detail.
Hey! 1:03 is Vallastaden, Linköping in Sweden. Our company was partly involved in that project.
brilliant video, bravo!
if america had more stairs they wouldnt be so fat
why is it so long? best complement from your date :)
Yet another reason why many retired US Americans go to live in Mexico
Milk bags have lower environmental costs than cartons, don't they? Tetra pak, layers of paper and metal combined with plastic must be more complicated and expensive to produce, pack, and either recycle or dispose of. Milk bags are just one piece of plastic. You buy it in the store, cut a hole on two corners (the other one allows for airflow so the milk doesn't spill everywhere when pitching), and put it in a specific milk bag-holding jar/pitcher (another simple piece of hard plastic that lasts for a lifetime, but for some odd reason you always have more than one at home, and you never ever use the other one). We had that under state socialism in Hungary, and well after it, but nowadays western style cartons replaced them. While they co-existed, bagged milk was always cheaper than cartoned milk.
You're a funny dude! 😄
This man just hearded geese without being assaulted with violent flapping and honking?! Teach us oh great one.
Rethink housing? Don't worry. You are not going to own anything and you'll be happy
Part of the problem is that most Americans retirement plan is the value of there fully detached house . Less expensive housing would erode the  value of those houses . The old people in those meetings are frequently living off the value of those houses because we allowed the money supply to expand meaning there savings in terms of bank accounts have less purchasing power then they did when people put there money into the bank accounts and there pentions suffer from the same problem .
i'm not really sure what the long rant about racism had to do with anything? would have been better if the video focused on the topic at hand, and not supposedly racist origins from 90 years ago. stopped watching at that point.
Superb video--I wish it had been around last year when I was trying to educate a candidate for city council. He wanted his campaign to focus on the housing crisis, structural racism, and climate chaos, but, whenever I suggested zoning reform as a concrete way to address all three issues (and pick up votes from libertarians), his eyes got that glassy, unfocused look that says their owner has left the building. In other words, I know how difficult it is to sex up the topic of zoning, so kudos to Climate Town for pulling it off!
I dearly miss the street cars of SF 💧
obligatory comment to make the algorithm recommend this amazing content, you're the best Rollie
I think the biggest problem is that people suck, and idk why anyone thinks it would ever be good to cram us together even more to 'save space' or whatever. Cities are the most violent places in America by volume for a reason. Climate change won't be an issue if we turn our society into Judge Dredd
The problem is not zoning.  Zoning has a place in any community.  If a home owner has a house that represents most of his/her net worth they are going to do all they can to protect it from having undesirable construction being built next to that asset.    The solution is ROADS.  Quit building roads.  Forget the eliminate stupid racism and climate change solutions.   I live in Phoenix.  Every time a roadway is upgraded or put in more and more single family housing always follows.  Ban more highways and highway upgrades and people will not want to live in the suburbs.  If it means people will have to be in their car for a good part of their life they will abandon the suburbs. You can trace the growth of Phoenix by the growth of its highway system.  The roads 90% of the time came first.  The roadways become crowded and then what, the city and state upgrade them to 6 lanes, 8 lanes, etc. then more single family housing 20 miles from downtown.
Man gotta take a look at the shape/construction of modern buildings versus the alternatives; bring on the domes, brother. Geodesic, monolithic, doesn't matter. This subject piggybacks on the 'old people and character of the neighborhood' bullshit versus building things that are actually functional. Thanks for getting me way, way more interested in the subject of climate change and doing deep dives on this stuff; nice to hear it from someone who is certified to know what they are talking about.
i agree on the bag of milk. WHY.
Loved everything about this! Any zoning-focused organizations for us Canadians? Specifically in Ontario?
A problem with mixed use/multi-family/high rises in suburbs is that those occupants will be renters. They will not pay property taxes. Suburban homeowners (the "retired and bored" demographic) who are already paying obscene property taxes, will be stuck with the bill to cover the cost of growing school enrollment and other city services. Minorities are more than welcome to help share the costs of safe schools and clean, safe streets. Everything this master of "policy planning" is advocating that white suburbs should be doing -- is something cities, and city planners like himself, should be doing. Is "racist suburban zoning" the problem -- or have city and urban planners simply failed the needs of their constituents? How else do you explain that city folk are looking to leave the urban Shangri-la you've imagined for them -- for what you describe as racist suburbs? If this is a channel about "thoughtful urban planning" I'm not seeing it. You're simply criticizing white suburbs for the explicit failure of cities, and proposing crime filled high rises in the suburbs as your answers to race and quality of life. You have plenty of space, money and supposed political support in the cities to build "walkable, vibrant" neighborhoods. But you're not. We don't want to import your failures. Keep your great ideas in Chicago.
As a Brit, I had heard the term "Sub-urbs" a lot in media, but had no idea THIS is what that meant. Sheesh.
milk puppies.
As a Dutch person I would like to stress that, while we do let Jason live here, we do not in any way or form condone the concept of a bag of milk. This is 100% Canadian madness.
Where can I get a sweet jacket like that one?
No thanks. I'll keep living in my suburb with absolutely zero crime. Good luck convincing me otherwise. I'll keep driving my car, thank you.
I'm amazed at how English speakers can say "cul de sac" with a straight face.
I just love the editing in your videos! Great crossover with Not Just Bikes, love it!
maybe you haven't been out of Manhattan for a while, but there is plenty of multi-unit housing across the USA in most suburbs
I don't get how we obviously showed interest in shopping being all within close distance and walkable (aka malls) in previous decades and then we've gotten further from that since? I mean I know you can't live in a mall but it was at least something similar to convenience.
As someone who grew up in the country, driving 15 min out where there is no traffic is still a million times better than driving in the suburbs. I can't wait to move back out, but I also did enjoy the mixed used living I had when I lived on my college campus so I def want that for people who aren't like me and want to be out and away.
What a coincidence that I am studying precisely this topic this week. Q : what video editing software do you use?
Love!!! So happy you made this video. City planning, history, climate, and great humour!
Love this collaboration and that new jacket is 🔥
I love your editing humor
Watching this video made me realize how insane it was that my family used to drive 30 minutes from our crappy single-family-home-filled suburb of Columbus to a mixed-use suburb of Columbus just because it was more enjoyable and entertaining.  Also, I had to pause the video after "thanks to the magic of edi- / -gic of editing" because I was laughing so hard
I used to like NOT JUST BIKES until I saw the housing crisis caused by immigrants in Netherlands..
Good work man good work for this world
Why is he dressed like a Canadian? Good documentary otherwise.
Great video! I assume that the town of Euclid, Ohio was trying to avoid the growth of Cleveland, not Chicago, given it's quite far from Chicago.
Thanks for the information
Subbed! Great content, I hope this goes viral, for futures sake.
ok very informative i love but this editing was top tier
THANK YOU - I love this channel and learn so much. Would be great to see more global climate activity.
In Virginia, it's illegal for a locality to say No to a land developer. Though, some counties finally got sneaky and said they needed environment reports. Short Pump Mall is surrounded on two sides by a golf course. In the satellite images, you can clearly see the edges on Henrico County around Short Pump. So Richmond is no longer spreading west. Now the push is North, to hook up with the DC suburbs. That area of I-95 that was snowed in for 26 hours.
I'm not American and live in a developing country. These houses are comfortable and make life more enjoyable for kids. Seriously, this kind of housing could be one of the MAJOR factors behind America's wealth and intellectual power in the first place. This is not considered at all in the video. Just build a F'ing tram between those dream neighborhoods.
Can we get this guy a PBS series or something?
Liberals: "Let's deregulate residential zoning" Conservatives: "But this is the kind of government regulation we want, because it's racist!"
Next: Video about trains (feat. Adam Something)  PLS!
It's a great video, but it's so long because you fuckin flooded it with unfunny meme shit.
OMG.  ..lololol And is that Jefferson County Court House in the Back Ground?
Hey I'm only here for MURICA, git out annoying bike man
Density is a response to economic conditions.  If you plan it, densification most often includes gentrification.  Rather let multiple families live in single family structures, let rent be cash on the side, permit the entire front yard to be used to park vehicles.  Do so, and the problem will self correct.
10:36 TIL: murica doesnt even have 3 dimensions
#OccupyTheGetty  My name is Steven D Kelley. If I say there are 100,000 sex slaves under the Getty, sue me or arrest me. #Occupythegetty
Climate town should revisit their stance on the most environmentally friendly milk packaging - bagged milk - or face being unsubbed by hordes of bag milk supporters.   Trying to be funny - but pushing people away from the environmentally friendly choice - poor form.    Also the bag doesn't fall over because you put the bag inside a reusable jug that provides the structural support.
I think loosen up the Zoning Code would be the the most American thing to do. FREEDOM!!!! and shit like that.
The reason why those zoning meetings are all aging boomers is because they have to defend their speculative investment, ie the houses they bought that they want to see go infinitely up in value, even if it's at the expense of everyone else.
OP should do a video on how the ships used to facilitate global trade burn bunker fuel, the sludge left over from petroleum refining.
wait, one person said the plural of cul-de-sac is CULS-de-sac but when njb googled it, it said the plural was cul-de-SACS uhhh how can you even publish a video with such BLATENT MISINFORMATION i'm calling the cops
This will become a big topic in 4 to 5 years
WAIT WHAT NJB guy is named Jason *Slaughter*?! That should totally be the name of the actual slaughterin' Jason from the Jason movies.
Me: yay, Canada is finally included in a video about America! Youtube: it's a Climate Town video... Me: Oh no. Youtube: about zoning Me: OH NO!!!
So you can't go drinking without driving? Or how does that work
You had me watching this video but you lost me at 0:50 with the annoying flute
I was so worried there would be no joke about milk bags, but you never cease to impress me, Rollie.
Only problem is that I don't want to live close to people (they suck more than suburbs), my freedom is more important than your wannabe climate disaster (wealth redistribution plan).
You literally walked out the front doors of DIA and filmed this. No need to travel to the 'burbs when on the frontrange, because no matter where you are, they will come to you. Good luck finding your way out. I wasn't sure at first, since you didn't have any sweet shots of those beautiful fracking operations or amazon warehouses dotting the horizon, but the beige and brown neighborhoods with crispy-dried winter grass and pine trees that look like god took a hairy dump right on the earth are unmistakable.
Yay for Books!!
Sadly, the City of Lakewood - home of BelMar - passed a "Strategic Growth Initiative" (aka zero growth initiative) to prevent more mixed use development, transit oriented developments, and to preserve single family housing.  Why?  because of traffic congestion.  Voted down in 3 of the 5 wards, even split in 1 ward, and carried overwhelmingly in just one ward.  You guessed it; it was the ward with the largest and most unaffordable single family homes without any retail.  All essentials can only be gotten by driving a car.
Change happens one funeral at a time
Considering that Canadian milk price fluctuations are stabilized, a bag of milk is actually the least R1-zoning-like form of milk.
You have to price out the losers or you'll be living next to gang members, hookers, drug addicts, etc.  Those were my neighbors when I was young and broke.
I'm about to move to Sandy Springs...that's alot of red. Good news I can walk to work.
yup, I understand WHY they did this. Cheap land, easy growth, easy zoning, easy money for the local towns. [And lets be fair that was a huge reason, easy money for the local towns]  But if you see just how botched it ended up long term... short term success, long term failure.
Convenient.
Really loving the channel. Thanks to NJB for introducing this channel to me. Love all the vids so far !
I love you 💕❤️😘
The climate rant is total BS.  Climate has always changed. It is either getting warmer or colder.
To make people buy cars.
We're all gonna die
Is there a support group for people who like these videos in an unhealthy way?
Yeh nothing more exciting than to go live in your own cubicule where the rooms are only getting smaller and the cost is 5x what it would cost you to buy a big house 10 years ago.   No one wants to live in appartements
I basically spent the first half of my life in Europe. It's not as "fun" as Americans like to think. For one thing, most of Europe is actually "zoned" pretty much the same way as an American suburb. They call it "village" over there and it's basically an upgraded medieval row of farmhouses, barns and stables. There may be one shop, which has close to nothing to sell except for bags of milk and the occasional rye bread and (rarely fresh) baloney. If you want to buy anything else, you either hop onto the bus that leaves at 9am in the morning and comes back at 3pm in the afternoon or you get into your car and you drive ten miles to the next "town", which is a village with a school and a shopping mall. Cities are better, except that now you don't have parking for your car, but at least the buses are operating on a more frequent schedule. Just don't miss the last one or you have to sleep on the park bench until the next morning. Been there, done that. Fun! ;-)
I wish Russia had the single family home zones. Living like an ant is for free spirited individuals in their 20s. For people who are actually going to procreate single family home is the best option. Everyone else could live in mega buildings with all the amenities.
No sweat the long run time.  I enjoy it. 👍  Thanks for putting in the time, brother.
NJB: *Looks up Cul-de-sac plural* NJB: *Highlights: "cul-de-sacs"* NJB: "Holy $#!&, you're right!" Doesn't notice: "also culs-de-sac" thus both are correct.
I find it kinda funny, that in video games where you build cites single-family-houses are handelt as to most happy/good option. While on the over hand multy-apartment-buildings are treated like the devil and they often spawn (more) crime ... This pretty much shows how rich designers and media-comps see the world and how they are poisoning the views of others.
I am just starting a project around this idea! I want to use earthship designs in urban environments!
Having been in multi-dwellings and single family dwellings... single family for the win. No contest.  Multi has less privacy, more noise, less say in how you want your property to look (unless you agree to a HOA mess, but then all mulitis are HOA for that matter.)  You can have a substantial garden to grow your own food, place for your dog to run on his own, kids play (we had no problems finding things to entertain ourselves that didn't involve shooting at each other.)  In fact one fool went and turned his single level home into a double and became the most hated person by his neighbors (lack of their privacy, blocking views, blocking sunlight.)  Trees.  More trees in the suburb than in the city unless you live next to a major park?  No way do I ever want to go back to living in a termite hill called apartments.  I mean just look what happened to those poor souls stuck in apartments in 2020 with lockdowns.  We at least had our big yard to enjoy as well as the house.  Oh, plus we don't having rents rising every few months.
Climate Town AND Not Just Bikes!!!?!? Fanboy scream! Awesome job.
I love your videos CT!!! Thanks for this.
I want to learn about what you're talking about, but man your edits and jokes are really annoying. They're straight out of 2012 youtube. Please, can you tone it down a little bit?
Best date idea ever!! You WILL BE REMEMBERED!
Its just the zoning rules that needs to done away with, the point is give people choices and freedom. We will see what people truly prefer.
BUYING A BAG OF MILK!!! Oh, Canadians!!
Bag of Milk: This is wildly used in large industrial settings. I used to make ice cream at the Salt N Straw factory and all of the base/cream was in bags. This made it very, very easy to open and pour into machines or buckets and drastically cut down on overall product waste.  Otherwise, bags of milk were only good for throwing at friends.
From age 5 to 10 I grew up in the city. (1956-1961). I loved it. My school, a park, a library, our church and a small candy store were all less than 5 blocks away. Then my parents moved to the suburbs and the only thing within walking distance was my school My parents had cars; I didn't. Great video. Check out "Not Just Bikes" as well.  BTW, the city I lived in was Toronto, Canada.
This video and channel could be very informative but you devolve into petty, Climate Change Marxism/Racism. Anything that agrees with the claims of "Climate Change" is automatically correct and anything that doesn't is slandered.
Is there potential for a video on nuclear fission power in the future? It seems to be the most overlooked green (not technically renewable) energy around, and it's excluded from ESG investing, which may also be worth doing a vid on.
Maybe that's a German thing but I think all of our communities are walkable. Our cities are designed in a way that no one has to walk more than 15 minutes to reach a supermarket.  It's a square design where you have a batch of houses on each side of a main road, connected with tiny little roads and in the middle is a supermarket, a bakery, stuff you need every day. You don't have easy access to everything, so I have to walk 20 minutes to a pharmacy which I consider doable since I don't have to go there often.  There are tiny villages with like 10 houses, where my parents live - they need a car.  But 90 percent of all Germans I'd say have walkable access and I love it. Most of my neighbors barely use their car, especially during covid times where there is a lot of home office. Costs you less, good for the environment and a little walk never hurts.
Agenda 21
100 million is a lot of people for a 30 year time span. Can the USA even build enough infrastructure for 100 million more people in 30 years? All while building and maintaining the infrastructure for the people currently living there. Apartments suck. I was very happy to get out of living in an apartment and buy myself a house. I'm pretty sure everyone wants that. Filling a city with apartments and duplexes isn't going to make everyone happy. The real goal should be to NOT increase by 100 million people in the next 30 years.
The funny thing is that Not Just Bikes keeps talking about getting bags of milk, when milk is sold in cartons in the Netherlands too. It's probably a Canadian thing. :P
You miss the point. I don't like urban sprawl either, but people don't like to live squashed together and would like their own space with their own yard for their kids to play in. I've had to live in apartments much of my life and can't remember how many times somebody's music or hyperactive screaming kid would shake my walls.  When I was growing up it was mostly the politics. In NYC forced busing was all the rage, taxes were climbing, and crime was going through the roof. I grew up in a bedroom community in Long Island and would hear kids my age talk about "the city".
I think it's rather funny you're solution to climate change is to cram everyone into small little lots, bring in more and more people from other countries, pave over everything, destroy the natural habitat, just to put some apartment buildings in?   Those single family homes do far less damage to the environment than your alternative
Absolutely love that this channel has blown up, quality content. Now how can we help you match the information quality with some visual quality 😂 let’s start a gofund me to get this man a professional camera. 😬
4:26 Great supplement to APUSH. Thanks brotha! 'Merica!
Climate angle I think losses some of it’s argument to more energy efficient (single family) houses that are air tight with ERV air exchangers, solar panels and EVs. I think all the other angles are still valid
Yesterday YT algo suggested this video, subscribed immediately.  Today I see ~3k other people did the same.  Keep up the momentum!!!
I didn't know Euclideans in Ohio were so nervous about Chicago's influence encroaching on their 'cultural values'. Did they know they shared a metro with Cleveland?
"Everyday things like buying a bag of milk" - that's Canadian's for you
Your editing kinda sucks idk if you're doing that on purpose or what
A bag of milk is more environment friendly than a cardboard box. The box includes the plastic as well, but is very difficult to recycle because this combination. The foil of the bag is a pure material and easy to recycle. Btw you can stack them in a box (like the cardboard containers are anyway) and you can still use some protective outer box, and reuse this box immediately because it never was in touch with the milk directly.
I still identify as a person that believes in the existence of my space!
I should have played some city building games, I realise
Very good video but also there is no way Culs de Sac is prononced that way. Culs is french is \ky\, like for Cul...
Americans not understanding how bagged milk works was not smtg I expected in this video xD
No one wants to live on top of each other, crammed up like sardines, people want their own space, even if the n'hood is considered "walkable". And as we saw in NY, high-density cities spread covid and other viruses WAY faster than where folks have space. No thanks.
Fun to watch! I was kind of expecting you at least mention that a lot of the suburb houses are built from wood. I know concrete and bricks aren't exactly friendly to the environment, but they last much longer, are more efficient at keeping the heat inside and don't require cutting down trees. I'm curious what you think about that.
I like and agree with the point you make and I way preferer to live in the suburbs rather then a town house and stuff, though ideally I would be more out in the country but that isn't super easy. I will say while I agree with what you are saying about climate change being an issue with single family homes, it is not what is going to convince people that we should allow other types of buildings. At least in America a better argument is that we should have the freedom to build what we want. Just for when someone is at those town meetings and stuff. It is better to appeal to most older Americans with their sense of freedom. Then again maybe that is just the older people that I grew up around.
Good crossover style, makes me actually watch!  Oh and liked an subbed bc u need dem algorithm points👌
maybe the usa should just build some more of these high tech loops underground to solve no problem
Europe really does cherish and elevate humans, it’s just baked into life here. I live in the “suburbs” of Italy in an 8 unit condo building, but the city center is 2km away and there are 3 grocery stores within .5-1 km away plus: 2 doctors, 3 parks, many restaurants, 3 pharmacies, 2 post offices, 3 schools, 2 medium  shopping malls, a vet, churches, nail tech, 1 sex shop, etc. You get the point. Even the “single family dwellings” aren’t singles, they are duplexes. I never want to live anywhere else, Europe knows what’s up
A population increase by 100 million?  B.S.  Most countries today are experiencing a reduction in population growth.
Culs de sac; you would know this if you had been watching Gilmore Girls. It comes from the French origins. And they call TV the idiot box ;) It depends what you watch......
Everybody should live in a 3by3m cube, not allowed to move, feeded by industrial food (called vegan) and consuming PC clean washed internet. No travel, no individual transport at all. Utopia.
Great video
Singular:  Cul de sac. Plural:  Culs de sac - makes sense as the "Cul" is the noun.    Milk bags?  Never heard of them.  One swipe from a cat claw, and it's all all over.    Me:  Living rurally with chickens, quail, and maple trees to tap.   Wild turkeys and other wildlike fo enjoy out my window.  But I do agree with you.  Walkable neighborhoods are good.  We have class diversity here, but we do lack ethnic and racial diversity - which I seriously miss.
"cul-de-sac" is French and it litterally means "asshole of the bag" (meaning the "inside bottom of a flexible, portable container"). So, if you were to make it plural, you'd add the 's' to the first word and not to the last ;-) (and be happy it does not make part of those french words with 'weird' plural forms, like "faux pas").
Great vid, cool collab!
I am not from america, but the feeling I get, is that the suburbs are the epitome of american dream. And the removal of that, doesnt vibe too well with everyone.
Fudging genius
Cities also suck. Life sucks kids. It’s all going to hell…quick. Buy a farm and live off the land.
The dry cleaner business being 'environmentally friendly' while in a car-dependent suburb amuses me
commet
The fact that scrapping these racist, and downright stupid zoning laws wasn't part of the supposed Build Back Better bill shows how much they actually care about fixing the real problems.
When I go to the supermarket, I don't ask myself "should I go by car?" but "is it even worth the effort of taking out my bike or should I just walk?"
😆.... I heard the bag of milk. And whiper-snappers get off my lawn...  Sub'd... Like the not 1 not 3 but 2 grocery stores 😁
6:34 A Canadian would just patiently wait for those geese to leave.  You're brave for asking them, even if you asked politely.
Everything is about racism these days. Even if that racism was 100 years ago.
You know I had completely forgotten about Villa Italia until just now. There's a surprisingly active memorial/fan page for it on Facebook, which, uh...says a lot.
Starts the videos mentioning its length, adds almost 5 minutes of fillers anyways. :p
It's just a bag of milk dude, what's so scary?
I love your videos and how you can give people a different view on things without being one of those ''emissions bad so ban everything'' type of environmentalists. I just have to give my opinion on the other side of the coin. I live in The Netherlands myself, and it is a crowded country, this also plays a part of why we have so many apartment blocks and terraced housing. But it also comes with the downsides of giving up a lot of privacy, silence and freedom. The housing block I currently live in is very noise, I can basically hear what neighbours a couple houses away are doing. My front and backyard basically don't exist, the size of a stamp. Your neighbours smoke? Cook alot of smelling foods? Your house now smells of it too. People leave junk around? Well that is your problem now too. A party somewhere in the neighbourhood, or just people hanging about generally? This means you are in constant noise. It really feels like we are living so close to each other that we are getting in each other's way and this makes people annoyed and agitated with each other. Again, The Netherlands is a very crowded small country, so housing is expensive. Even if I wanted to move to a quieter place with a free standing house, I probaply won't be able to afford it. I know it is better for the climate in many ways, but there are also many reasons why living standards and overall happiness with where you live is decreasing alot.
Hey me my friend shot each other with BB guns too.
You yanks have a thing for new houses that look old!
HELLLO NEW SUBSCRIBER HERE! NOT JUST BIKES BROUGHT ME HERE! IM DAVE FROM THE NETHERLANDS AND OBVIOUSLY VERY EXCITED oh dear my ALL CAPS was still ON. will it does bring the point of excitement across....!
Never met anyone who has owned a house that would willingly go back to living in an apartment. Just saying.
love of all of both your guys content. keep up the great work.
Wait, you buy milk in BAGS?  Edit: Okay you responded to that, but also Americans buy milk in giant plastic gallon jugs, so y'know.
That "magic of editing" cut had me in stitches! Quality stuff all around. Keep it up, man!
Video too long, im going back to reading my 7556 page omnibus.
Ty
LoL Dork Show
Holy sh*t! You grew up in Lakewood as well?! That's awesome, and I love the Belmar area! I really grew up near South West Plaza, and I wish that area was more walk-able. yet Wadsworth really makes that a difficult feat even if money has been pouring into that area over the last decade or so.
I love your videos man, real valuable quality and informational content. The occasional humor keeps it light but still carries a tone in such a way as we should take this stuff seriously. Hopefully the YT algorithm blesses you soon!
This dude hates privacy or something? Living in apartments is absolutely awful.
1:45 that sir just earned you a like and a subscribe.
But systematic racism is a MYTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!     /s
Bag of milk! Brother!
are we just gonna sleep on that "Eric Rosen once got away from cops by skateboarding through a parking garage" without asking if it's *that* eric rosen?
I love living in a walkable area. I am overseas and can walk to the grocery store if I want.
Can't shoot each other BB guns now days. Can't do jack shit. I can't take this living with all our heads up each other's asses. Fucking hate it. Don't want to see or hear nobody that aint my sweet doggie. I feel like I gotta escape. When I was kid, we didn't just shoot each other with BB guns, we blew each other up, lit each other on fire and played football in dog shit.
Thanks for this - interesting and thought provoking.   The basic premises - that suburbs are bad news for the environment and that zoning is too rigid a concept for now - is beyond doubt really.  BUT..... what you do about it is far less clear.  Attempts to instigate high density housing in many countries has had very mixed results - often such developments start out okay, but end up as, effectively, slums.   Also, the characteristics of the societies concerned needs to be taken into account when making major changes in housing policy.  For example, what works for the socially minded, highly disciplined Japanese may not to be a great fit for Americans with their, shall we say, highly individualistic outlook?  Personal economic factors also come into play - to have different statuses of people living side by side is fine, but probably works best in societies without massive disparities in citizen income. The size of those disparities has a proven link to crime levels and America has some of the highest stats in both those cases.  So, yes change is definitely needed and if the right kind of developments could be encouraged, then positive benefits might flow, but for America to simply copy other countries may not work out well.   In the UK - in the 1990s - there was a new kind of suburb championed by a group of people headed by Prince Charles (famous for his barbed comments on modern architecture). This new kind of suburb included mixed housing - not just detached, but semi-dets, apartment flats and communal spaces. It included schools, shops, churches, meeting placed and of course pubs and had good public transport links AND small businesses are encourage to startup there.  The prototype development for this was at Poundbury in Dorset UK (see wikipedia page) and the concept has been extended to other developments in other parts of the UK since then. While it is still a suburb, it aims to negate a lot of the negative characteristics which you, Rollie, highlight here.
Bag of milk - Such an Ontario thing!
Bags of milk are stupid. He's right on that part.
Nice video! Quick nitpick at 8:03, you probably meant Cleveland factories, not Chicago factories, since Euclid, Ohio is way closer to Cleveland.
yters get a little money and start taking mma classes
These videos always bring a wave of depression at the thought of a dystopian future/present with hope ever dwindling by the day, and I'm always so excited to watch whenever a new one comes out.
I'm lucky enough to live in a place that's got a lot of r-2 and r-3 zoning. From my single family house, I could walk to my friends 2 house apartment (I would call it a duplex, but they're on top of each other instead of side by side), we could walk to school, and then after school walk to the park, ride bikes up to the 2 stores, eat in one of the 3 restaurant, and then ride bikes to a different park. all without a car, or going more than half a mile away from home. It was amazing. A little same-y after a while, but we had options. Of course because it's America there were hardly sidewalks and no bike lanes at all, but at this point I'll take what I can get.
Love this content, subscribed!
Presenting the history of *American* urban planning as the history of urban planning is such an American thing to do
Wait, "bag of milk"? What?  edit: commented prematurely, so glad you addressed this
In England we build differently and have small shops and facilities on our doorstep, sometimes I don’t get in my car for days at a time and it’s great. America really does get so much wrong compared to Europe.
bag of milk
I moved to a walkable urban neighborhood with mixed use zoning after living in suburban hell for the first 30 years of my life and it is honestly one of the best things to ever happen to me.  I rarely need to drive. I walk or bike everywhere. I keep more fresh vegetables around because there is a grocery store 2 blocks away and I can get whatever I need in 15 minutes.
BAGS OF MILK> CARTONS/JUGS
you need to review RetroSuburbia: The Downshifter's Guide to a Resilient Future
I like the overlay of the video progress bar under the overlay of the video progress bar.  It messed with my head.  Clever. +2
Why this channel is still underrated?
I just found this channel subscribed.
Horrible idea to live in an area where I need a car to buy a liter of milk, a croissant or having a beer or coffee with friends. I don´t want to live there. When I leave my home and walk up to 8 minutes to my right, I find 3 coffee shops, 1 ice cream shop, 1 bakery, 3 restaurants and a couple of shops. Similar when I go to my left side. There I find 3 supermarkets, a post office, a department store and so on. And a Metro is 5 minutes away. But hey, I am living in a European city. Thanks God.
Mind blowing honestly. I have been very entertained and educated.
in argentina the bag of milk is the standard, here they are made of opaque heat sealed branded bags, are pretty stackable and you use it putting it in a jar before opening it. usually 1 liter is the standard and less than that is weird
Maybe we SHOULD take away peoples single family homes. Follow the elderly NIMBYs home from zoning meeting and just take their houses... Sorry, I'm salty and drunk and bitter but I am in a better place now. A place that sells bagged milk.
Some of the areas that he is filming in include the highlands, right near Denver downtown, where houses are so expensive that barely any normal humans could ever afford. Also parking is effectively impossible there. The only place in Denver that normal people have a chance to afford is out in the suburbs where the prices are at least 25% cheaper. Not saying areas like highlands zones perfectly nor did the creator indicate it’s an ideal area, but it’s just not an attainable for working class people to live in, even though it’s very bikeable and close to downtown. Not really any actual grocery stores in some of these areas. The apartment complexes in highlands and similar also really are out of the price range for most working class people also.
Best thing about Belmar is that it's close to the White Pony.
when you said 'and speaking of help' i thought you were gonna pivot to a BetterHelp ad read
Realtors, builders, and mortgage loan originators. The unholy trinity
They want you to own nothing and be happy... the NIMBYs at least do, since they already own the houses and make bank. If you want to fight the eLiTes, fight for better zoning so that more people can get a chance at owning their own houses
Look at all the snout houses
My suburb in MN built a "Heart of the City" filled with mostly 4 story apartment buildings right at the intersection of a noisy freeway, and highway,  and a train track. There's one grocery store in the middle, but most of the restaurant choices are about 4 miles away.  So guess what people do to go there?  🙄
One issue often swept under the rug that comes with mixed zoning of this type, however, is that land tends to simply increase in price as a result for the whole area, meaning most young people get priced out of ownership to the profit of a few land owners building cheap appartments rented at sky high prices because of the ''convenience'' of the new city layout. This is a situation often favoring monopolistic markets and previous owners where new would be buyers are unwelcome. This means young people just get to suck it up.  European or Japanese zoning is by no stretch of the imagination a perfect solution. Renting in many of those ''ideal'' cities is often ridiculously expensive and owning a unit in them is prohibitively more expensive than just building a single family house on a suburban plot, all of this with the added complexity of having to deal with issues renovating anything in your block and having to deal with the same problems people face while living in appartments.   Japanese appartments also certainly don't have the reputation of being very spacious, something that is very much an issue for large families. As it happens, the population crisis of Japan is only worsened by the unavailability of housing at low cost per area because many would be families simply don't have the money to upgrade to larger appartments or single family homes in those mixed zoning areas. This reduces the amount of newborns coming to support the increasingly fragile economy of an older and older population because people try to keep some living standards by not having 2+ kids in a 1/2 bedrooms appartment.  This utopian dream of having most people living in dense ''optimised'' cities is very unpractical and problematic to say the least. The environmental cost of suburbs is only one factor to consider, there are other social and economic factors to consider too.
You should put time stands.
That's some serious sprawl if Chicago factories were encroaching on Euclid Ohio.
If people stopped fucking we would have to worrie about this less.
Really solid humor here
maybe nobody wants to live next you?
Swearing doesn’t make you automatically funny
For some people, the walkable lifestyle is okay. Especially if your work is right nearby, and you don't mind feeling a bit controlled and confined, stared at or under some feeling of constant surveillance, don't mind lack of privacy or bumping into people at every corner, easy target for crime, no fresh woodsy air, and not being really cheaper in the long run. In city limit or walkable zones are near the city limit. The closer you get to the city, the more expensive it gets. Anyplace you look. It's fine for those extroverts who just love everybody and don't like to feel isolated and alone.  I can't do that. I was born and raised in the rural areas and lived in the burbs at most. I need a back yard, front yard, distant neighbors, but neighbors who are there for me and me for them when we have to, and hang out with sometimes. I am used to being surrounded by hills and mountains. wildlife, and having privacy. If I want to go in the back yard, butt nikkit (maybe in my younger years), I could do that without thinking that somebody is watching. We weren't meant to be herded.   It doesn't mean that I want to be an energy hog, as he stated in this video about the heat escaping from all sides of a house. It'll happen in any building. So therefore, built or remodel a house to make it as efficient as possible. Use solar panels. Old houses, I'm sure, do let their heat/AC escape. Not so much with the houses nowadays and codes make sure they are up to snuff at the time of inspection.
Yes, you can take me to a zoning meeting, you had me at "when"
between the 2 of you....too too subversive for the clos-ed murican dream mindset me thinks... DON"T STOP! (tear down those walls)
This video was so entertaining yet informational. Came here from Not Just Bikes and I’ve subscribed cause, let’s be honest, you’re freakin hilarious. That whole “magic of editing” thing… so bad that it’s funny 🤣
Love your videos, but your (insert part joke part serious comment about someone who was possibly racist or 100% racist kinda ruins it a bit. I get it, 100% there were and are racists, bigots, etc...on this planet. They will always be and always were. But, it's their business. If through their racism/bigotism they affect other people's lives, then by all means they should be stopped. But if someone is racist, but let's say makes a law because of greediness that affects all colours, not just a colour, then the people will be affected by his/her greediness, and NOT by his/hers racism. Of course, it can be both as well. Why don't people get this?
It'll be easier for the aging people when there are more mixed housing and walkable areas and nearby groceries, etc. They won't be driving much longer and having younger people around will make it easier for them to stay in their homes, or downsize but stay near their friends, etc. Younger people keep you young and they may take care of you and check in on you. It would probably require the older people staying a part of the community, as well, though.
Cool argument. But: muh propertee values
My home state of Oregon has another trick up it’s sleeve. The Urban Growth Boundary. It requires cities to have state approved future growth lines. It stops sprawl and preserves green spaces.
loved this video. super passionate about this issue living in los angeles. i hate the car dependency and would totally move to a walkable neighborhood with mixed use housing
Bag of milk is better for the environment than cartons or glass. The bag does go into a reusable jug.
Wonderful video, thank you so much to you both. I think majority of us North American "new urbanists" here have a strong desire have Dutch style urban planning applied to our cities, as an alternative to "single family home suburbia vs. high rise downtown" dilemma. We should know how to demand mid-rise, mixed use, human scale, dense, walkable and bikeable neighbourhoods that are ideally inter connected with not only motorways but also railways. But every time I express this opinion I get attacked by youtube users with most likely a hawk or skull picture as an avatar and they often accuse me of spreading communism and tell me to f%£@ off back to Europe. Honestly I'm a bit afraid of going to those zoning meetings and get physically assaulted. :))
And then ... those neighborhoods with high density housing go bananas in prices. It's just complicated too live in Murica
Thanks for your video! cool to see someone local take this head-on. I work in city planning in the Denver Metro. take a look at the city of denver's zoning map. it's fucked.
Cool.
what did American aristocrats have against the Mongolians? that's a _long_ held grudge.
Clearly someone has never had bagged water 🙄
Great vid man, a really interesting watch!
Bringing a date to a local zoning meeting is an amusing concept.  Good video - thanks!
Colorado anti-eviction attorney here! That courthouse you're in front of around 7m30s is still disproportionately evicting Black and Brown people, because they disproportionately can't pay the exorbitant prices sellers and landlords can charge for housing because of housing scarcity. The racist effects of single-family zoning are STILL segregating these communities.  If you're from Colorado, write to your local state representative or senator to prohibit growth caps, which is on the table in the state legislature right now. And join your local YIMBY group!
Are you saying this might be the path to finally renovating and renting my basement?
Funny that you said the plural is culs de sac yet you highlighted cul de sacs!
Ever lived in high density housing? It's the seventh level of hell. The reason suburbs exist is because people want them. If they didn't they wouldn't exist. God knows why. I'd rather live on twenty acres without a neighbor. Also the anthropogenic climate crisis is a lie. It's just weather.
Thank you
God is this going to be one of those shitty "Humans need to live in cramped apartments in highly dense populated cities hur dur!" videos or something? -_-
i'll  say it again.   FEAR.  "if I don't have a lockable car to escape to, I will be robbed, raped, and set on fire. "
Yep, and a lot of suburban developments in California don't stop at 'Redlining' and de-facto segregation, but take it to the logical conclusion of  'attracting' only similarly 'like-minded' buyers, of a particular religious, political or 'cultural' persuasion. So that you get these eerie kinda enclaves made up almost exclusively of not just say, whites, but Conservative Right Wing Evangelical white folks... aka, the ultimate version of living among Only Folks Just Like Us. And such communities are self-reinforcing, because any potential 'Undesirables' quickly get the 'idea'.
You DO resemble Burt Reynolds. You could be his little cousin, or his grandchild. Shallow observation aside, great video.
Great presentation. However, from the title, I was certain it would also have something to do with the problem of the Aquifer becoming depleted. As a former resident of Denver, CO the problem of Urban / Suburban Sprawl was always in the air especially during the summer months and now even in the winter. Is there enough WATER for all those homes / lawns / swimming pools etc? Bad winter = no Snow pack = No Skiing AND no water in the summer. And yet they go on building further and further away from the center of town. At the border of Denver and Aurora, Mississippi Ave, it was just a maze of suburbia and the occasional Shopping mall (Which also needs water). And then Littleton on the SW and Franktown to the SE of Denver. Here too, in LA, people forget they are living at the edge of a desert. Comments? Thanks.
I'm reasonably sure zoning has less to do with dead White dudes and more to do with current old dudes that want to control the housing market to keep rent prices high.
Great video, you got a new subscriber in me brother.
Whatcha gonna do
I'll add to the list of egregious racism: Suburbs. I really wish you had gone for owning a house as a form of grotesque racism, but fine, 'suburbs' should do for now. Thank you, honorable and brave hero.
15:57 SoDoSoPa vibes
"Even Houston, which keeps all the bad stuff from the zoning code but just doesn't call it zoning." Me, from Houston: ...............oh
Very good glad I found you.
translate walkable neighborhood into American.  =  place where you are absolutely defenseless against the thousands of poor violence-prone people that have no where to go.
💕💕💕💕💕
This is a really good, well made informative video about the tragedy that is urban sprawl in North America. It is really good to see this highlighted on a channel that is dedicated to climate change. Changing the way we do town planning and development is a central component of how we must tackle the climate and ecological emergency. Yet so much of the narrative is focussed on clean energy and other technofixes, which are of course important in their own right. However, rather than being the dominant narrative, clean energy solutions should be in place to fill in the gaps after we have got land-use planning right.  There are a number of parallels with where I live in Australia. Too much development beyond the urban fringe continues to be dedicated to large detached housing and entrenched car dependency. However, we can also make the argument that we shouldn't for the most part, be developing on the urban fringe at all.   Rezoning existing suburbs in Australia is also problematic because it increases land prices, helps gentrify neighbourhoods and requires large amounts of carbon to demolish and rebuild. The way to get around this is to only allow densification for the purposes of constructing new public housing. That way we can also be more selective about which housing stock is replaced. This allows us to increase public housing, add more housing diversity and keep the best housing stock. Because fundamentally we have to work with what we have. The existing suburbs are less than ideal but we can retrofit them to work much better in a post growth world.   I would be interested to know how much empty housing there is in America that could be filled. I am sure, that like Australia, there is a lot. The state of town planning and development under the current system is a huge reflection of why we need to transition to some form of post growth society that approaches planning and development in a new way. It would focus on filling uninhabited housing and retrofitting our existing stock. New housing would be constructed primarily on brownfield sites and also to replace existing poor quality housing in the existing built form (the greyfields).   I am part of a group called Town Planning Rebellion for anyone who is interested. https://www.facebook.com/groups/459336597565689
Super accurate. Single family zoning sucks. The minority of these zoning laws need to change.
(warning sarcasm)  omg we cant move into areas with lots of strangers who aren't in our economic class or let our kids out of our yard unsupervised because the world is full of death slinging zombies, brown skinned gangs, and pedos.   my tax money will go to pay for schools and services for kids who completely unworthy.
I'm telling. Ya nows the chance to just.....give boulder back to the elk......just......give it back to the elk
I really appreciate how the youtube timeline that pops up at 1:30 perfectly lines up with the actual youtube timeline and has the exact time in it. Great editing.
I have followed City Beautiful and Not Just Bikes for a while now, but they cater to people like me. Your video is the funniest way to handle this content in a way that my non-nerdy friends might actually have their attention kept long enough to actually watch it.
fucking merica. fucking shit up with no fucks.
I was hoping you would comment on the bags of milk.  As usual, you did not disappoint.
Sick vid breh. Gives me a lot of answers to questions I wasn't sure how to formulate. Keep crushin it.
I simply moved 3 min from work so I can walk there if I need to, and minimize impact when I do want to drive. Grocery store is <1 mile away too. I rarely drive anymore, and my commute is pretty much nothing, low vehicle expenses etc... Mostly just drive for entertainment these days.
I'm a 5th grade teacher. Where can I find those classroom friendly versions of the videos mentioned at the end of this one?
Bag of milk .... wait until he finds out about how they sell softdrinks and wine in some SE Asian counties! He's going to shit a brick.
the zoning laws are so racist, we need to build housing projects all around the suburbs to force them out of the single family hell holes and mix with the ppl they don't like.  Only then the ownership can be given back to the city poor.  As for the racist middle class racists still live there, they will be asked to move and live in Germany where they buy milk in a tiny plastic bag.
You can thank the YouTube algorithm for this comment. Carbon dioxide is plant food, it's what feeds the trees & vegetation which supplies humans & animals with oxygen to breathe. Zero carbon emissions would kill all life on Earth! I don't know what the current curriculum is for schools but that's what I was taught. That scientific fact seems to be an inconvenient truth that throws a monkey wrench into the fundamental argument for climate change. Remove all the carbon & every living thing dies! Pollution is a major problem that mega corporations don't want to fix because they're the World's biggest polluters profiting immensely from shifting blame to the consumers. The corporate state wants to completely upend the current infrastructure of society to force people off the land & into UN smart cities, feeding us synthetic food, traveling by mass transit rail systems & living under a technocracy limiting all movement. They also tell us we'll own nothing & be happy. This climate change agenda is the greatest wealth & land grab in human history by the ultra rich technocrats who are selling humanity a Great Reset pipe dream to supposedly save humanity from climate change. FYI life on Earth is finite, nobody lives forever & it's insane to believe in any kind of utopia where humanity is saved! The game is Monopoly & at the end of the game we all go back in the box six feet under!
California has numerous mixed used properties, but they are insufficient because they are poorly planned and just a cheap cutouts of European cities for aesthetics sakes not as solutions.
Yes!!! Ya
I never came across a more vicious, violent and nasty group of young sociopaths than I had from the “New Suburbs,” of Weston, Cooper City and Pembroke Pines as a native of Fort Lauderdale, I was raised in a coastal town where we didn’t have a lot of nasty kids of parents who “pay mortgages,” for houses they could never afford.  Plus, I’d seen these suburbs, in which people get bigger houses for less money, but as far as cities go, I only ever visited when passing through them because nothing of any real value opens up businesses in small cities full of sociopaths.
Bags of milk of milk is real. I’ve used them all my life.   To me, a carton of milk is weird..
My city suffers from this. Only about 70k people, but spread over an area the size of Toronto. We can't afford to maintain the roads or keep the fire stations staffed.
Omg, as someone who grew up in [Colorado suburb] this video hit so close to home!
High-density housing might be better for the environment, but it's devastating to mental health, unfortunately.  Literary study upon study from all over the world proving this fact.  From a climate perspective, I would argue that detached homes with solar panels would be better for the environment than shoving people into apartments. Going vegan would be even better. Having cities improve cycling routes is better still.  We can build the burbs better. 💪
Milk in Canada is sold in bags.  You also own a pitcher to store that bag in for pouring.  I see that on cooking channels.
Lolll..bag of milk it's a Canadian thing.
Buried af, but I must post:  CLIMATE TOOOOOOOOOOOWN
why would anyone who bought a home to live in want their area's zoning changed?
Britain realised what you are saying years ago and started to put in infrastructure. They have just changed the Highway Code. It gives pedestrians and cyclists right over vehicles. They now have to give way to the most vulnerable road user.  The difference is staggering. We are about a week or so in to the change. Vehicles are driving much more slowly. They don't dare get anywhere near pedestrians or cyclists. Cyclists with head cams are getting really common. The driver really can't risk harassing cyclists any more. It has had such a dramatic calming of the streets that loads more people are getting out on bikes. It is heaven on earth in comparison.
Brother, your memes are the memeist.
Freeze at 6:24 "Property shall not be leased to Negro or African"
I like this channel in an unhealthy way :D
Yes, Suburbs are RACIST, if you live in the suburbs you are literally RACIST!! God, white people, will you ever stop being racist??
I just realised that the importance of a single family dwelling is kind of like family... IE: my Nana and Papa's home is going to be knocked down for the construction of a larger, multiple family dwelling... Sooo... I like the idea of more population sense housing, but I have to admit that it SUCKS when it's your own family's history being knocked down for progress.
I would like to see more walkable neighborhoods. It’s not only good for the environment it keeps you healthy, because instead of driving the car you can have the choice to walk to the grocery if it’s for small items, to walk to the park, to walk to the nearby friends.
Bags of ice, boxes of wine, bags of weed…
You've been shot in the head way too often!
Yes pack the middle and lower classes into tiny boxes cos owning land is racist! 🤦‍♂
Another quite important part is this forces development in to the Wildland Urban Interface (WUI). This usually semi-dispersed strategy brings many drawbacks and prevents communities and land managers from adapting th the climate change that is already happening. As a wildland firefighter I can tell you the difficulty and danger associated with the WUI. These areas are the most at risk of burning due to wildfires, mean significant number of resources are devoted to protecting individual homes over stopping the fire. Also we cant manage fire holistically, views he'd managment prevent removal of fuel and danger & smoke pollution  prevent prescribed/managed fire from being utilized to adapt forests & improve health with climate change ... it just kinda sucks
Once you called people racist you lost me. Stick to facts without name calling. Also I am against changing zoning laws without the express consent of the people who invested in single family homes that are nearby. Build your apartment houses in the sticks away from existing homes.
I hear ya, brother.  Lulz for the culs and bag of milk.
I get that American cities need modern sewer systems. But why did they move all the poop to Florida?🐊💩
I hate to see a lot of good farmland being converted into more suburbs.
Thanks for clarifying my goals. I will be fighting to move to the cities now. Im proud that MLPS tries its best.
If we buid subdivisions below florst line. We will have the best energy efficient homes!
Cities are riddled with pathologies. The solutions, long term, are far more difficult than this video would suggest.
"NOO BUT I LIKE THE SUBURBS! I LIKE A LAWN AND A BACKYARD!!! I WANT TO LIVE THIS WAY"  Yeah that makes sence, but why is your life style, like, the only legal way of housing in the US?
Here in Costa Mesa we have a lot of multi-family complexes, but they're walled off from the rest of the world and surrounded by 50mph streets. Even though I'm within walking distance to a lot of shopping, I have to dodge cars and wade through parking lots to get to them. It's easier and safer to drive the 600 feet to the grocery store next door than it is to walk.
What absolute BS. Oh by the way, higher density housing, easier to transmit diseases, if you didn't notice the last couple of years.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates- 🎈
LOL, Global Warming👏😂 Al Gore, Nancy Pelosi and that terd Obama ALL have million dollar mansions by the water.. To keep an eye on it apparently😳😆 they Pimped Suckers for Millions!!!💸🔍😵 and took away plastic straws to save the planet😄🎭🎠😷🎪 now hide that the worst virus spreading is Extreme Liberalism😆 it's getting Indoctrinated faster than Globalist/Luciferians/Pedophile Satanists expected👏😎👍
"Sepia times" 😂
Hey Rollie, I know this was a line in the other video on Not Just Bikes' channel, but do you think you would ever do that 40 minute deep dive on nuclear power, exploring whether it's good, or bad, or just badass? I would be very interested in such a video.
These videos are incredible
"Japanese zoning is famous for creating compat  urban enviorments while maintaing affordable housing"  *flashes to Tokyo in Japan*
I was prepared to hate your video, but Im impressed, kudo.
Cities are disgusting shit hole...America has way more people then Europe and when you have too many people like that you have wayyy more scumbags....you can even ride subways and public transit people are getting robbed mugged left and right....bums sleeping in subways cars shitting and pissing in the car....fuck that keep your dirty lifestyle I'll live comfortably with no neighbors and my cars.
Awesome presentation of important facts! Thanks from New Zealand.
I WANNA HAVE YOUR BABY ROLLIE!
Who remember "The weed"? Little boxes anyone?
C'MON, ROLLIE. DON'T CRY OVER SPILT MILK!
I find it bizarre there's even specific terminology for "walkable", "livable", "human oriented" places. To me that's just what a city is supposed to be.
The soft spot behind your ear lobe is vulnerable to a BB gun. My sister was shot near there when she was five, and we recall the Doctor telling us that.
Tree-hugging bulshit
14:30 as a Canadian I didn't bat an eye at bagged milk, I forget that sometimes.
Great summary on zoning on the U.S!
Jschorlp?
I didn't think the smugness and thinking they know better than everyone else about city planning could have gotten even worse than not just bikes, but you surprised me. Maybe you guys should actually put in some effort into watching City Beautiful and acting like him, not smug and like you know better than everyone.
Are there any towns / cities that are good examples of design in the US?
Bags of milk are just like livable medium density neighbourhoods. You have the maximum amount of milk in the minimum amount of packaging. The milk carton is the wasteful single family home while the huge jug of milk is the overbearing skyscraper.   Bags of milk. It's the sensible choice.
Oof, climate towns audio: soft, not just bikes audio *insert distorted base meme here*. Smooth ya levels!!! Otherwise, awesome video :)
I've often wondered, is it even remotely a solution to start up new cities without all the baggage? It would be a century-long initiative I'm sure.
The whole world needs to see this. Stop Destroying our Beautiful Cities. Imagine just how much better the whole world would become if we just designed our cities actually livable.
If we could round up all those who reside in McMansion Cul-De-Sac's of Sh*t people, then relocate into FEMA Trailers, we could resolve all the above issues.  Mutha-F*ckas is killing humanity !
Making these places available is fine , making them mandatory is not fine , I would never like apartment living , townhouses or condos are the same , you still have shared walls , floors and ceilings , that sucks if you like your music loud or need the TV loud so you can hear it . Worst of all I don't like the crime that comes with big cities . I'm a car guy so you won't get any guilt for highways from me . I'm not at all convinced that this zoning is a problem at all , every place , or town I have ever lived has had single family homes , duplexes , town homes , condos and apartments . One bad thing about apartment living is the electric meter is always running , all the lights in the halls and outside are on all night and the halls are also heated and cooled at all times , even when people aren't home or on vacation , in my own home I shut everything off when I'm not there , and the lack of green lawns does add to the heat and air quality index . When I built my home in Florida I used 2x6's for all exterior walls so I could insulate them better , and even though I lived in Florida , it was in the extreme north of the state , it was seasonal there and my home had no furnace , the extra insulation helped keep it warm at night when the temperature dipped down to 18° , I did have a heat pump , which is basically an air conditioner that can run backwards , it does start to loose effectiveness below freezing . My concerns are that the government will try and force everyone to live in cities in apartment buildings , not that it will matter to me , I'm already in a nursing home , private room ! So I won't be around when this all happens , but my grandchildren will be , I actually don't like the suburbs either , I prefer living in the middle of nowhere , in Florida it was 7 miles just to get a newspaper . With today's electric vehicles and a roof full of solar panels I imagine that house in Florida could leave a zero carbon footprint , along with my vehicle , if that were able to happen .
Great video -- I subscribed! It went by in kind of a flash, but it looks like you went to Columbia. So did I (CC77). On the topic of the video, though, I have an anecdote. I'm from NYC's Upper West Side, so I didn't even learn to drive until I was 40. (Terrifying.) Now I live in Los Angeles in... a single family home. We're three short blocks to groceries, drug stores, etc., so perhaps not technically a "suburb" (the Mar Vista neighborhood).   Here's the anecdote -- my stepson moved in with his girlfriend and they were looking for housing. They found a very small apartment in a (to my eye) ritzy high-rise apartment building on Wilshire Blvd. Very nice, but problem noisy neighbors. They moved to an incredibly cute old apartment, from the 1940s, in West Hollywood. Owned by a family and mostly the family lived in the units. I loved it. They had a neighbor (in an adjacent building) who screamed uncontrollably all day (mental health problem). And they started getting sick... turned out, CO2. They moved out to a nice apartment in Redondo Beach, next to his wife's parents. Lovely! Except for the neighbors upstairs who moved their furniture around ALL DAY and often into the night. Also the upstairs couple crowded a bunch of potted plants precariously on their balcony and... yes... one fell onto my stepson's patio. Could have killed someone.   FINALLY they found a place to live that is in a nice neighborhood, where they don't have neighbors through the wall bothering them all day. It's a single family home. They're still renting, but they probably couldn't get a mortgage anyway.   They're not unaware of climate issues, but their prior arrangements were intolerable. Landlords simply don't have the incentive to maintain apartments or keep peace between neighbors. Builders don't have incentive to soundproof or build quality into the structure. My old apartment in NYC (which I wish I still had; nice old 5-story walkup) was rent-stabilized, which allowed me to live there for 17 years, but the landlord did that thing where they get unlicensed workers in, trash the building, and if you complained to the city, the city would agree, condemn the building and force everyone out. So you put up with it.   Anyway, I agree with your message, and congrats on creating such a high-quality informed video. Makes me want to move to Europe, frankly.
People should be making earthships. They are literally self sufficient homesteads. The bylaws and building codes need to change, and building methods need to be greened, in a non corporatized way. Earthbags, earthships, permaculture gardens, etc need to be part of a just and civil path to sustainable and pleasant housing in our future.
Thats because people want to buy the house(land) because that's what actually increases in value.  Plus a lot of people want to retire and chill with a paid off house. Not stressing over ever increasing rent forever. Even better if there's no HOA.  Suburbs are not bleeding America dry. Having to rent over priced apartments is.
This mans on facts about subs suck
Fuck the suburbs! Hell is more exciting!
U.S. zoning STINKS. I should be able to walk to a pub, my parish church, and at least a small grocery.
Please add metric measurements to your videos, These videos are open to all viewers from all of the world where some of us are more comfortable with Metric measurements.  And metric measurements makes more sense!
burbs are also a disaster in terms of biodiversity loss, which could be even worse as a whole than climate change (just look at covid)...
They're going to try to save the 'burbs via fascism.  But it ain't gonna work.
Aaaand also the zoning in a lot of countries is centralized, everytime when i watch videos like this i can't help but wonder what the hell is the reason of having a federal government, if it can't even have a saying in anything
watched the 1st 3 minutes.  This is soooo whiney.
Fascinating and thought provoking as always, but . . . when you pointed down at the bottom of the screen and said, "Holy shit! Why is it so long??" I laughed my ass off. I told you after I had watched a previous video you should start an OF! LOL!
Jesus is coming back. Are you ready?? Have you passed life’s one and most important test of accepting Christ as your Lord and Savior? The bible says not everyone who gets to Heaven and knocks will be able to get into Heaven. But it is he that does the will of my Father. Tomorrow is not guaranteed. Once we get into eternity there is no turning back. We are going to be in the paradise of God, eternal bliss, or eternal condemnation. The bible says in the end those who are not going to Heaven will suffer so much they will seek death and it will not find them. This is the punishment for rejecting Christ as Lord and Savior. Repent today! The day of the Lord is at hand! Escape the wrath that is to come!!! Did you know the bible says most people are going to Hell? There is a narrow road to get to Heaven and very few find it? Why is this? Because we are dead in trespasses and unable to have full revelation of the bible and God’s will for our lives. We need the merciful gift from God of regeneration. This is where God brings us to life and leads us to repentance and the turning away from a life of sin and leads us to accept him as our Lord and Savior. We become servants of Christ rather than slaves of sin. The bible says unless a man be born again he will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. and that we must examine ourselves to be sure we are in the faith! Is your eternity assured? Have you been reborn from above? I pray today that you will ask the Holy Spirit to regenerate you, teach you his word, and lead you to him if he hasn’t already.  Titus 3:5 - Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost Matthew 19:28 And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye which have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel. And every one that hath forsaken houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life. But many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first. If you continue in my word you are my disciple indeed Give thanks in everything for this is the will of God concerning you I will bless the Lord at all times his praise shall continually be in my mouth
Hype collab!!!
Oddly enough, walkable communities are generally premium communities, even when the population density is much higher.  See NY, SF, Las Vegas, etc.
One of the best thing of living in a european city is that you can get high or drunk without having to drive back home
So far, favorite video from this channel, cause I agree bruh 🙃 not sure if is a biased decision since I grew up in a city.  But living in a city is way more convenient than the suburbs yo
If you think a bag of milk is bad, they put tuna fish in bags now, too.
This is a great video
I want to live in a house that I own. I don’t want to pay 5x more than a mortgage to rent a tiny apartment in some complex owned by some billionaire. Most others feel the same way
8:20 Euclidian zoning isn't racist... but spinning off South Euclid totally was. Same thing happened with East Cleveland.
This was not worth watching sad garbage like this has any views
yeah so this guy wants to stack people like sardines in concrete bunkers. nahh ill take the burbs and enjoy the low crime and more privacy.
great video !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
qué descojono de vídeo, ¡eres un crack tío! saludos desde España
As always, you rock.  Thanks for this.
It allways amazes me how boring american suburbs front gardens are
Yes, density and walkability is the way to go, totally correct there. The rest of the video is hopelessly idealistic and misses the point entirely. The problem is the American people. The majority of USAers, across all demographics, do not want density and walkability. It doesn't matter how wasteful, destructive, ugly, confusing or racist suburban planning is, Americans are too greedy and selfish to have it any other way. We are the most irrational and self-serving people in human history, we will eviscerate all the nation's (and other nations') land and resources to maintain this set of living arrangements. You have way too much faith in the citizens of this godforsaken country.
One tact I like to use is to talk about what the cities of the future are going to look like. If the cities of yesterday made the climate mess, it's impossible to think that those cities can get out of it without radical changes. The future is coming, and things are going to change, will it be a tough adjustment? Yes, but we will never see the cities of the future if we don't allow the cities of the past to be replaced
So controversial opinion here. I recently moved out of a small rental house in a small town to an apartment in a large city, and I hate it. It is so loud, my neighbor keeps me up all night, there is constant traffic. It is never silent. I cant wait to leave. My personal experience is that people are much more rude, and there is trash everywhere. (I understand that might be partially cultural) Studies have also shown that people in cities have much higher rates of depression. Maybe instead of bigger cities we need smaller homes, spread out more, with more sustainable building practices and supplies. Things like live roofs and designs that make use of thermal energy. Instead of ripping out trees work around them. And incorporate parks for farmers markets and community. I also am a huge proponent for designing small towns where you can easily bike around them, and overall better public transportation. I just can't imagine living in the city for the rest of my life and I know many people agree with me.
Soft, distant barking: *Unacceptable* Whateverthehell that Do You Remember cover was:  *Comedy?*
can't play acoustic drums in high density housing...
common sense
Move downtown to live among people who murder at a rate 7 times higher than Whites, run by demented commies who think decriminalizing crime, releasing dangerous felons, and defunding the police force are brilliant ideas.  Nah. Think I'll stick to my boring old suburb while all you cool kids have fun in the city.
I love these two vids. Like an introductory course on the problems that NJB and (presumably) you talk about -- infinite suburban sprawl, over-reliance on cars, road layouts that alienate people on bikes and pedestrians, and so on, which also shoots down the most common counter-arguments, like "AmErIcA iS hUgE".
Actually, bags of milk are quite nice. They are elastic, can be stucked together and you just use pitcher.  And because they are made fully from plastic, they are easier to sort waste than tetrapacks.  And much lighter than glass bottles, so you don't waste twice as much gas on transporting packages that weight as much as milk inside
bags of milk are a thing here in Brazil but only for less processed whole milk that have to be consumed in a few days. The regular kinds are in cartons. great vid by the way, although I don't think there are any city zoning laws where I live.
Zoning or not white flight from cities due to liberal policy, weakening law enforcement, mob(blm) and gang violence, increasing violence means you can build as many apartments etc as you like but the cities are already dying.. the wealthy whites who pay the most tax are fleeing (Inc us) and won't be back.
To me, and to every single other european out there, that the closest grocery store is 20 km away after an endless labyrinth of copy pasted housing is completely mind boggling
Yeah guys you need there trains, trams, etc. all of those things make life easier here in Europe, and in mentioned early in video Japan
Hey, good timing with this video. I would recommend everyone to check out Village Homes in Davis California and Andrew Millisons YouTube channel on how housing can incorporate be designed to work with nature via solar orientation, rainwater harvesting, and permaculture design, which leads to an abundance of food production as well.
The companion video from Not Just Bikes had you being cut off when talking about nuclear, any chance you can do a video on what you would have said?
You remind me a lot of Drew Gooden, if Drew Gooden had a master's degree in climate policy.
I have a theory that bagged milk is a thing in Canada because of the cold weather. Milk expands when it freezes and can rupture the packaging, using a bag makes more sense if you think of it that way.
Euclid... wait what?  (Checks notes.) "Euclid wanted to keep Chicago's factories from expanding toward them." o0  i know Chicago is very expandy, but i imagine South Bend, Toledo, maybe Detroit (depending on the breaks), probably Cleveland, and points in between might also be a bit upset if Chicago's factories went on an expansion spree toward Euclid. ;)
I love you and your content. Congrats on your degree! Hoping for more banger vids soon
True
lol I had bagged milk served in my middle school/hs in PA.
The intro is the most accurate depiction of bored suburban kids (fun story my friend got hit in the eye wirh a firecracker and it actually cured his colorblindess)
Absolutely love the channel, pumped that you’re in Colorado shooting this which has had some of the fastest growing suburbs in the country for more than a decade.
Damn. This is funny. Things I am annoyed avout have now been released into funny vibes. YEEEEEAY
NOT JUST BIKES 😱  IT'S HAPPENING
I'm from Euclid! Sorry guys!!
and with that, you've got my subscription, brother
Been waiting for a video
While I loved this video and to hear your perspectives on the issue, I'd like to also say a few problems I've encountered with your video:  1- Most of the problems that more extensive forms of housing create can be solved without the need to resort to people living in flats. Examples:  a) Energy efficiency is easily solved by insulating properly and by using more ecological alternatives to heating such as geothermal heat pump.  b) Having businesses within non-car distance can be solved by using more public transportation, bike lanes and pedestrian-only streets.  c) Taking up more space is true, but that's not necessarily negative. Focus on the real evils: lawns and excessive roads. Houses can be covered in solar panels, and loans could be turned into sustainable food forests that reduce dependency on food that has to be transported.   2) You give the example of Japan with "affordable" housing. I don't know if that's particularly true for Japan, but if it is, then it makes it the exception to the rule, so it's a bit pointless to use as an example. Go to any European country and compare the price per square meter of big cities with that of smaller towns. Housing is unaffordable in basically all big cities of Europe. Land that is allowed to be built on is released on patches big enough that only big companies can afford the investment. Housing prices are artificially high and huge money goes to already rich investors, furthering inequality  3) There is already a problem in many European countries with extreme de-ruralization. Rural areas are forgotten in favor of big towns. Companies establish themselves in big cities because of better infrastructure in a sort of feedback loop, making the infrastructure ever shrinking in rural areas and making life in the countryside harder and harder, especially if we talk about the possibility of finding or creating a job position for people with high-level education. In many croplands in Europe there are currently crops rotting from a lack of workers willing to pick them up for the comparably low wages that farmers can afford to pay them.   The solution in my opinion doesn't mean eliminating extensive forms of housing. Of course, maybe in the US there is a higher demand of intensive housing forms than there is availability, and as you said, let's make it so that people can live wherever they want. However, many of the existing problems with suburban sprawl can be solved by thinking and spending the correct amount of money in the correct type of infrastructure.
As a person living in post Soviet country, one huge plus I enjoy is public transport and sidewalks, honestly feels insane that it is a privilege. I've lived in a Soviet mass built flats and also single family houses. My point of view at least for living here is that cities are for young people and older people go to chill and farm on the countryside. The zoning here is strict mainly to preserve forests nature and in my area vineyards, of course there's corruption and people can bypass any rules with money but I'm really grateful for the way stuff works here. America's weird, also even though flats are ecological Jesus did they ruin the look and history of our towns, but that was mainly because our past system didn't seem to care about preserving culture and History
Buying a bag of milk. Nice.
Climate stuff doesn't scare me right now as much as the governments imposing what they think will fix the climate. That's truly terrifying.
Everyone must live the same cool  (but fair and inclusive) and absolutely miserable and cramped (but we get walking exercise!) and human-loving (look at them hobos!) lives as we young city folk do. I know you've worked hard to have a comfortable life, but we've decided we don't like it. Sincerely, the coastal hot-spots.
Another great channel (and book!) which covers this topic is StrongTowns, which Jason turned me onto through a series he ran where he covered Chuck's ideas and experience.
15:15 that shit was so funny, i tipped my bag o' milk
Stop with the climate change nonsense, but bring back high density low rise and walkable neighborhoods with classical styles.  This keeps people happier, connected and healthier and may even bring back your critical reasoning skills lost in the scam and media blitz of Greta devotees..
15:13 I HATE Lakewood, Colorado... for the simple fact that I live in Lakewood, OHIO and for some stupid ass reason google can't figure that out and if i google "Lakewood" it gives me the city website for Lakewood, Colorado first... and I always forget, and I always click on it, and I always curse that city! Also, Lakewood, Ohio is the most dense city in Ohio. In fact, 2.5 times denser than Lakewood, Colorado. SO BOOM! TAKE THAT LAKEWOOD COLORADO!
No a bag of milk is not bullshit. Look a the german milk bag hemme milch. It is the most environmentally friendly packaging for milk!
I love vids like this. Gives me lots of inspiration for my The Sims 4 houses.
thanks for the video
Belmar, NJ has a tiny bit of mixed use on the pre-war main street I thought you were going to talk about htat
"and that's when things got (more) racist" sums up the whole history of the US pretty well.
11:17 Sneaky, glad I was paying attention and now don't have to spend years repeating a joke and thinking I'm being smart lol.
I forgot why I subscribed to this channel. Then I saw this video, and I remembered how GODLY the humor and editing was.
OHIO
Don't dis the Villa Italia mall, good memories. But anyways. The Denver area has a few places like Bel Mar, it's amazing living here, great video and way to represent the Mile High.
Great video… brother
- 0:55 That's the "right answer" only if people actually _want_ to live in sardine cans in the sky. Or, _stop overpopulating!_ 😒 - 1:45 * Kartrashians - 10:59 Building is how you get _Bladerunner_ and _5th Element._ Do you _want_ those? 🤨 - 11:08 Well, if you know what the constituent words in cul-de-sac mean, you'd know it means ass-bag, so, yeah, asses-bag. - 13:23 Why does Jason have so much random footage of Fake London despite -leaving- escaping it? 🤔 I'm just Askin. 🤷 - 14:40 I can't help but notice Rollie ignore the real bags of milk and skip to the one weird photo. 🤨 - 14:44 You'd think Mr. Climate would understand the benefits of milk in bags. The 4l bag has 3 smaller bags in it (how they divide 4,000ml into 3 bags is beyond me 🤔), then you take one sub-bag out, put it in a reusable jug, and when it's done, you throw away (or recycle) a tiny bit of plastic. The amount of plastic from milk bags is much smaller than big jugs. - 14:48 Maybe Rollie should stop looking at that weird photo of small bags of milk with twist ties and look at the real photos. 🙄 - 15:19 Reminds me of Montréal. Actually, low-rise apartments near shopping centers isn't uncommon (even in Fake London.) - 17:15 Then why is it that nature everywhere is constantly being bulldozed and build up? 😕 - 18:00 Having a grocery store within walking-distance doesn't mean much if the grocery-store is a "luxury" store which charges $5 for a head of lettuce or plain loaf of bread or $8 for a bag of milk. I live in a "luxury" "food desert". 🤦 I get my milk from the drug-store that's next to the useless "premium" grocery-store next to my home and drive to a normal grocery store. (I'm looking forward to winter ending so I can bike again, but even that's not ideal, since it's still a 30-min bike ride there and again back, and you can only carry so many groceries on a bike, and it's not the cheapest store, all of those are a 15 minute drive away.)
Yaaaaaa but if you want you’re kids to go to a good public school. The zone is kinda important….
Brain Wash @ 13:19 ?
Nice
Huh... I had no idea that I hated living in the suburbs, and that I actually want to live in some kind of multi-family dwelling. I'm glad that this video explained this to me in the first two minutes so I could skip the rest.
I for one am very excited for the Built Environment YouTuber extended universe
To be honest mixed usage development is a capitalist dream. Living next or above business means more money spent and less wasted on gas.
Good overall message... but too much fluff.
great video :) Fantastic job
That "magic of editing" gag is pure brilliant!
Anyone made the  1:30 that's what she said? yet? no?!
Speak for yourself. I like having a house with a big yard and no other homes touching mine
Interesting and funny the whole way through. Thanks!
Bag of soda is a thing in someplaces too.
It’s pretty unfair for the Americans. They need their own planet…or two…or 11
Really enjoyed your 80 hour work. Thank you 🙏.
Bag of milk is superior to all other kinds of milk. Fight me!
Sodosopa 🤣🤣🤣
Can we have climate town on nebula?
Raise your hand if you already knew the culs-de-sac thing thanks to Gilmore Girls!
Is it just me or does he look like Joel Haver
Not gonna lie I subscribed because of “sepia times”.
The problem is lack of transit options. Walkable districts are fine, except when everyone needs to get in their car to go out of their district, such as to work, and then there is huge increase in traffic congestion and people show up at city council meetings to complain about that.
We used to get individual bags of white or chocolate milk with our breakfast and lunch when I was in grade school in the U.S. they were melt sealed on all 4 sides, and we had to punch a sharp straw through them to drink. Things were weird 35 years ago
« Consider going to these meetings » Thank you, I can’t emphasize enough how much that quote make a difference because  1) it’s an actual thing that we viewers can do   2) IT WOULD MAKE AN ACTUAL DIFFERENCE IF WE DID THAT !!! How fucking amazing is that  (I’m used to people proposing useless actions or no actions at all)
Little known fact suburbs are designed based on Hell from Dante’s Inferno
What is Hulk Hogan doing in a video about housing? (just asking for the algorithm).
You have accidentally discovered the secret of obtaining "Geezerhood". You can't become "an old geezer" until you have sat on a rocking chair, smoking a pipe (Preferably filled with cannabis), on your front porch, and shouted at kids, "Get off ma lawn, you young whipper-snappers!" I am especially proud to have actually achieved this Holy Grail moment, and I am officially an old geezer now.
I’m just moving to Europe f it
First time viewer, over from NJB. Having been to many American cities, I knew the familiar pattern of high rise downtown followed by flat suburbs. But didn't realise that this was due to zoning issues. Great job!
Why am I watching this? I've never been to the US and have been leaving in normal cities (ie. walkable) for most of the last 15 years
Hey @climatetown you filmed this in Colorado Springs right? I think I recognize some areas
New to the channel, love the collab with NJB. Keep it up fellas!
Big part of my neighborhood is built on the hills surrounding a small man made lake. There are no sidewalks. It gets pitch black at night. People park on both sides of the two way road, leaving only room for one car to drive through at a time, even though they aren't supposed to at night. Guess where people walking their dogs end up? It's infuriating and the only solution I see is to make these two-way roads alternating direction one-ways. Fat chance.
Land rights for gay whales!
don't pronounce the l in cul (cu(l) de sac)
Dude, your content is getting so fucking good
Tha Fayld Staytz o'Merika, ladies and gentlemen.
+1
Give this man a PhD!
15:47 Did you say my friend Eric Rosen?! Like the international chess master Eric Rosen?!
"Bag of milk" – give him a break, he's Canadian. It's just how they do up there.
Damn, even Americans feared Mongolian conquest
I'm glad I live in Belgium, where I just jump on my bike to go get groceries for the week, or cross the street to buy something I forgot to buy but need for a recepy, or bike to the station, or bike to a nice park, or bike to.. you get it, I don't even own a car and am not planning on ever owning one
I got 90 seconds into this before I had to switch off. I WANT single family houses. I LIKE single family zoning. You comment that we don't do it because people prefer it, but because big evil companies make it happen.  In my case, that's not true.  I like my single family house.
Awesome job my friend, very well done.
I've been thinking for a while now that housing in suburbia needs to be designed like Disneyland. The idea would be to build houses that look like they are single-family detached houses while using landscaping to hide the fact that they really aren't as Disneyland does so effectively. The houses would be arranged in such a way as to minimize the amount of road by clustering houses, underground passages if needed and shared or clustered garages. In turn green space would be maximized and paths would be built so that the walking/cycling routes are through the neighborhood while the driving routes keep to the outside, kind of like Amsterdam does. Mixed in between the clusters would be basic shops like groceries and such but not too many as ideally they would only serve the surrounding area and should not be a big magnet for outsiders.
Cartons of milk are made of cardboard, more recyclable than that bag of plastic.
There's also Strong Towns.  Another channel that I was introduced to by Jason.
Yeah, we Dutch have our supermarkets near our homes. I can trow a brick and hit the first of five supermarkets nearby. No need for a car here.
As a transport planner, I can't but agree with the comments on the stakeholders meetings where only a tiny and very old fraction of the population (usually old white NIMBYs) shows up to moan. I wish meetings could have an attendance which is really representative of the local population.
nice video! But, bags of milk are great, they reduce plastic waste, don't they? I mean of course best would be re-usable glass or something but most of the time thats not how supermarkets work. There are like pitchers where the bag of milk sits for the duration of its use. I think it's genius (swiss here)
Have long said that the suburbs will be shown to be the worst waste of resources ever brought upon the planet.
I live in America and housing has become a speculators frenzy, unaffordable to most.
We use bags of milk in the restaurant industry a lot. Although they're much bigger than those. Usually 5 gallons or more. They also have caps on them instead of being tied at one end.
No one in the US buys a "bag of milk" we just buy milk.
Abolish zoning! Whatever negative consequences you might get from industrial sites bleeding over are not nearly as bad as the costs of zoning
Well Whoopie thinks most of those races aren’t….. so yeah….
Anyone here from Toronto? I would totally go to a zoning meeting and see how important changes in zoning are. But not sure where it would be, when, and whether it is public.
Unfortunately, it is still empty, bel mar that is.
At 3:56, when you make the joke about focusing on America, the song intro in the background is from "Won't Get Fooled Again" by The Who, a British rock band.  I love irony.  Subscribing cuz I like the vid.  Cheers.
You are wrong about the milk bags, Mr. bag or soda syrup.
Utrecht Leidsche Rijn is a nice example of a functional suburb. 100k people in a suburb, close to Utrecht city center. The single family houses are mixed with medium and high rise apartments. Those are close to public transport and shops, with the family houses right behind them. This makes it possible to have a bike able suburb with all the favors of a city.
8:35 Hey, I recognize these shots of homogeneous, sprawling, asphalt-covered, car-infested horror show! That's MY homogeneous, sprawling, asphalt-covered, car-infested horror show. It's fucking terrible!  You can't walk to ANYTHING in the entire midwest. We've really mastered the art of making purgatory on earth out here.
Actually a very interesting and eye opening video! Solid work mate!
Always some stupid old laws :/
turkish lol
Yo Rollie, what books do you have stacked on the desk (both vertical and horizontal) in the room with the desk and sweet wood paneled wall? Seriously asking because the few book titles I can make out look like good reads I'd enjoy. So I'd love a booklist of yours, if you'd be down to share :)   Thanks for yet another fantastic video, you've always got top notch content! And I'm LOVING the NJB crossover!
Looks like North Korea got SOMETHING right 🤣
I'm not arguing any points you make about the environmental impact that the modern US suburbs pose.  I live in an older suburb where most homes sit on an acre of land.  And my drive to the grocery store is only two minutes.  Like most people in this neighborhood, I live here by choice because I do want to live in the densely packed urban environment you mention.  I would personally go nuts if I lived somewhere like that.  And A LOT of people feel that way.   But in regards to the suburbs there are things that need to change to offset the negative impact to the environment.  One big change would be to promote more solar as the cost goes down. If the cost ever got down to $8-10k I would get it installed without hesitation.  Electric vehicles will help too as the technology improves and the prices come down.
I coughed up coffee through my nose at 4:18 so thanks for that
I'm 100% onboard with the outcome of good, mixed use, planned communities that function more like they do over in Europe. But, I'm in the minority where I live. In my small town - a mix of suburbs, low income multi-family, farmland, and stroads galore - the dominant culture is decidedly entitled to living in only a past and present time that serves them. Single Family Housing in the suburbs here insulates everyone from a sense of responsibility to neighbors. You can behave however you like in the suburbs without consequence. We have to first disrupt the expanding culture of 'me first' before we can even begin to dream of implementing a long game strategy for a better future. This country has a huge deficit in giving a crap about anyone other than themselves. It's bigger and more dangerous than we're giving it credit, and it's not divided down political lines either.
Every day, I'm glad to wake up and not be an American.
YOOOO MY TWO FAVORITE TUBERS👀
Milk bags don't fall over when you set them down! That's what the milk pitcher is for! :)
Most ambitious crossover since Marvel's Avengers.
Do you know what’s just slightly less horrible than a bag of milk? Milk.
the blue tape to hold the mic is the best part
Read “Food is Climate” then do an awesome video on eliminating meat from our diets being the single most important thing we can do to reduce our impact on the environment. That would be awesome!
"Bag of Milk"????
i love you mr climate town
I'm from Vancouver and have never used a bag of milk in my life (It's a central Canadian thing. I've never even seen one in a store), but looking it up, it's better for the environment (We recycle both the soft plastic and the cartons via a deposit). And they put the bag in a pitcher to pour. I'm almost certain they have cartons and jugs as well. And cream and whatnot come in cartons, like everywhere else.
I LOVE THIS COLLAB. YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME, I LOVE YOU (from Brooklyn, NY)
Shoutout to Colorado viewers
I've known for a long time the folks who live in the suburbs ruin everything, they shouldn't be allowed to vote till they get there act together lol
Me: Huh, those backgrounds look familiar.... Also me: Oh, it's because I live in the suburban sprawl surrounding Denver, duh.
in the Not Just Bikes video you were going to talk about energy mix for "40 minutes" before he cuts you off. lol. I'm just here to say I'd watch that video.
Rollie I love you ok bye
yeahhh cross pollination, let's gooo
not just "suburbs" , Obama mandated high density housing.   they are destroying my state.
Lowkey best channel on YouTube
As an European that moved to North America this finally makes so much more sense!
Canadian here - bagged milk is as natural as poutine and pemmican.  (You just slide it in a reuseable milk jug,  snip off a corner, and voila! milk!)
Or just move to the city...
Here's to making scenario SSP5-8.5 a reality. All hail the Anthroprocene epoch 🙌
its  funny  that  old  folks  do  so much  better in a city  center  apartment/condo. where they can  walk  some.  im old  i recall   the   rail in  L A  .i  my aunt and grad mother  use them all the time  . we  would go to  canters  deli. my  aunt and  gran  where in no way jewish   . other then  my dad  joe.  a jewish  man.  but  we  ate  like  we   knew  what was good  . it was. anyway  a bad thing i see is  people with degrees   get hired   and are just   a tax  for the rest of us.  they suck the population  and have one  use.  ass kissing  those that got them the  job.
Was hoping you would cover this issue. It's such an objective problem with suburbs. I get why some like houses, but it's financially impossible force everyone into the burbs.
Now I want a deep dive life cycle analysis of milk packaging. Every milk or milk alternative sold where I live comes in multi layered (many layers of polyethylene, aluminium and paper) Tetra Pak drinking cartons. Much more material. Is having a nice reusable jug and new batches of milk in bags really worse than high quality stackable square boxes? I subscribed with great expectations.
Sir, hOw aRE yOuR ViDeOs sO uNdErRatEd??? In all seriousness, you're a massive inspiration, brotherrrr.
You've got the bag of milk thing backwards though. Jug of milk is single family housing, low efficiency low density. Bag of milk is the slightly less comfortable far less expensive alternative(shipping and recycling are big costs, big picture). I hate it too, I'm sorry to say that once again the American way just convenient enough to convince you its worth the cost. It never is.
Just play Guyle if you like Zoning
I dont get how everyone overlooks that the source of the problem is OVERPOPULATION. That's literally it. There's just too many people competing for LIVABLE space. No I'm not talking about immigration, there's simply just too many people on this godforsaken planet.
Euclid, Ohio is next to Cleveland. Woo hoo!  Your videos are awesome by the way.
Thx for the Video. Great Work :-) I‘am happy that a grocerystore is right across the street. The pharmacy and my doctor is about half a mile to one side, and a shooting club about 1 and a half mile ^^
"Suburbs are bleeding America dry." Well maybe you should look at major cities and reduce prices and crime rate by at least 50%. I will live where I feel safe, thanks.
Never thought I would be interested in zoning but damn this is good shit!  Unrelated but I feel like the actual nerds and weirdos are always somewhere on the left.
I am totally with you on the bag of milk thing
Americans have the god damn right not to hear their neighbor fuck when trying to sleep.
this is just wrong because of solar panels
6:25 what problem did the americans have with Mongolia?!? Or "the moors"? Did they just put down every country they could remember off the top of their heads? The past is baffling.
always amusted when he tells people the he buys Milk in BAGS
I'm with you on everything, but you're wrong about bagged milk bro!
Funny and informative. Keep up the great work
Most the single family residential nieghbors in Atlanta was built before sanitary sewer lines were built and your only 2 options for development was farming or single family residents.   The commercial establishments didn't show up till the 70s when the sanitary sewer lines where built.
There's plenty of high-density zoning in Baltimore and Philadelphia.You can walk to three liquor stores from any given location.Obviously,density doesn't mean jack when it comes to socioeconomics.Same thing happened in Liverpool in the 70s.
The Palpable Joy NotJustBikes takes in saying 'A Bag of Milk' to his mostly-USian audience gives me Life u_u u_u u_u
Dude I am literally doing my 3rd year engineering and design project on this EXACT topic. Time to rob and repurpose all your info
Yo off-topic but is that the high res LG monitor?? If so, how is that thing? Even if its not do you recommend yours for video editing lol
I am subbing solely for “William Nilliam”
Hey Belmar! I worked at the movie theater there for a bit when I was in college. Very interesting place.
Suddenly, I don't feel like such a poor scum living in a dorm room in a high rise hell tower
Wow 20 mins vid felt like 5 mins, it's just that good.
I had to replay that bit about 1 mile of asphalt road producing 4000 tons of CO2, because I thought I heard it wrong. Then, when I realised that was indeed what you said, I thought - no, no no. Can't be right. He's got his figures wrong somewhere. So I looked it up. I wish I hadn't.   I then started looking up just how many kilometres of asphalt had been laid by a random choice of countries, like China, Germany, etc.    Again, I wish I hadn't.  We're so damn well doomed...
I want to live in a walkable community but my work is far outside of town and it’s too expensive to live in the city if I have get in my car and drive out of said city everyday
I was watching the preview of this video before clicking on it, and it looked like it was a rap music video as it didn’t have any sound. Try playing the first 15 second of the video without sound, you’ll see!
Blame the automobile industry. They also killed trains and stuff. Because we don't want efficiency, we want the pockets of the automobile industry filled with money. They still don't have enough.
plant nut producing trees in the burbs
There's areas like that where I live. Like stores apartments n such within walking distance. Like Belmar. But. It's making the cost of living to spike and it's mad hard to afford to live in those areas unless you make big bucks. So. Blessing and a curse I guess.
Bag milk was kind of common where I grew up. When I say kind of common my grandma was the only person I ever knew who bought it, but they did sell it in the stores. That bags were different, neither end was tied shut. You'd open the bag by cutting a corner and placing it in a special pitcher which held the bag up. I mean I guess it's less plastic and less wasteful. I think my grandma did it because it was cheaper.
Subscribed! Awesome work!!
I like bagged milk. Easy to use and recycle, no crushing boxes or big plastic.
Bag of milk don’t come like that. You have a bag with 3 smaller bags totalling 4L. Each smaller bag goes upright in a special pitcher and you snip off a corner with scissors.
so I asked my manager today... actually it was some other day, but anyway; I asked if I could take home this glass rack, that was gonna be thrown out ..and I forgot my point 👀
"Euclid wanted to keep Chicago's factories from spreading toward them."  uhm guys Euclid is a suburb of Cleveland...... are u sure u meant chicago???  chicago is like 300+ miles from euclid.....
To add to the single family home problem, notice that builders are not building 2 bedroom/1 bathroom houses?  Builders make significantly more money from larger homes than starter homes, making starter homes older and harder to come by.
I'm worried about your monitor. Once i put my pc monitor on a box and after few weeks , that box collapsed and my almost new monitors screen now are broken.
actually a bag of milk is more climate friendly then any other method of providing milk (besides reusable glass bottles)
Has anyone told you you look like Joel Haver? https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVIFCOJwv3emlVmBbPCZrvw  You have a similar sense of humour too
OK WHY IS THIS A THING!?!?!? Sure I get it if you buy bulk.... BUT THEN NOT REALLY.. why is this.. a thing.. ?
ITS ALL ELMER'S GLUE PREFAB JUNK HOME'S
You got me with all the Hulk Hogan clips, good way to keep things interesting.
wait but the google result said "cul-de-sacs" not "culs-de-sac"
yet again, really quality content.
North America is exactly what happens when the parents give up and tell the child do whatever you want. 🤔
20 minutes AND HOMEWORK??? yucko icky ewwey.   I would like to drag my partner to one of these meetings, if only just to check it out lol seems epic.
Got 4 minutes in and heard enough mistruths to stop watching. Misinformation is bad for you kids. Suburbs when done right in many cases increase flora. Urban cities concentrate pollution. Japan is not the beacon for affordable housing. Applying policies for small densely populated countries to the US is idiotic and results in poverty, homelessness and crime. There is a better compromise but people like these 2 creators are too stupid to think about it and just hop on one train of thought and claim it is superior outside of its context. At least these guys don't get too many viewers I guess.
This video has SO much important information and delivers it in an entertaining way. Thank you climate Town and Not Just Bikes for this amazing content.
but isn't this about personal accountability vs. 100 companies doing 70% of the emissions? i mean every apartment i've ever lived in (3) has been terrible. loud neighbors, being woken up in the middle of the night every night by cars and people.
Definitely something I hadn’t thought enough about when it comes to Climate Change. Loved this video!
Hey Climate Town Guy,  did you call the Ontario government: https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/ontario-housing-affordability-task-force-report-1.6342470
Fascinating country
I love bagged milk (and orange juice)!!! When I lived in WI I always got my milk bread, eggs, and bananas from the local Kwik Trip. Bagged milk is the best!!!
Bag of milk. Bag of milk. Bag of milk
Right from the start the bias and misinformation leaks out.  There's a 0% chance America is going to add 100 million more people in the next 30 years unless we annex Canada.
I can't express how I've been waiting for this, all as content, education, "enlightenment" and "funny man goes haha climate bad" again...  I love your stuff, it's so well made. So unless you're some reverse fuckspiracy.. we are now WONG.
Hi I came here via Not Just Bikes - very good! Regarding your comments about planning consultations  - they are worth going to to get your voice heard. Here in Real London as opposed to Fake London, a private developer wanted to an build appartment block at the end of our residential street on the site of an old Tennis Club. I was not against the development, but the type proposed was not appropriate. It was mostly studio and single bed appartments. Which would result in them being eventually bought up by BTL Landords and a transient population - who stays in a studio appartment for long? Not family Friendly. I went to the meeting held at our local fire station. And pointed this out with the councellors, planners and the developers in no uncertain terms. Now they are completing the development - it looks good, it has a Tennis Club and amenities and all the appartments are either 2 or 3 bed. I am pretty sure I was not the only one to bring this up, and there were probably other incentives. But it is nice to think you might have had an influcence on the outcome.
as a bay area housing activist i am so glad that more and more people are figuring out or sharing information about how utterly effed up zoning is in america
Oregon’s “solution” includes attached townhomes crammed together with no proper parking so cars are over loaded all along the streets. AND ridiculous HOA fees. Plus you don’t get the privacy of a single family home or the safe environment to raise children. I spent most of my summers running around the neighborhood and playing ball on the cul de sac. These neighborhoods you’re talking about make that impossible. Cars crammed on streets and traffic are not a safe place for kids to play, and forget about a yard, most of these have 20-30 square feet.   The whole time I’m watching this video: the only people that don’t want to live in a single family detached home are singles or couple without children. Hell, we have friends without kids who just want their own private yard for their dog! Who are you talking to here? Builders may be limited in what they’re building, but I don’t know anyone who would rather live in attached, multilevel housing over a single family home.  The cost of housing in Portland is so absurd right now that none of us can find a single family house to live in. Your point about cost is valid.   Oh, incidentally, most of the single family houses we’ve looked at are more efficient than the crappy old condo we rent. 50 year old windows are terrible, doesn’t matter if you live in an attached building.
JFC That chaotic intro got an instant subscribe from me.
The big problem is nobody wants to live in a crumbling shit hole like new york anymore. Go look at Louis Rossman's videos walking around that city.
Who buys milk in bags?
It really saddens me to see my developing country slowly turn into unlivable sprawl as foreign (obviously american) investments go into building suburb style neighborhoods & families flock to them because they’re the only alternative to the noisy, polluted & congested downtown (which I also believe america is directly responsible for). I really hope action is taken in iraq before we turn into a doppleganger of america
I live in a paired house. It's shit, we can hear everything the neighbor does, and they as well can hear everything we do. We have little privacy, little comfort, every time their little twat starts running inside our entire house shakes. Still, I approve this movement towards better housing. Communal living doesn't have to be this shitty.
"It's time to focus on America." Plays English rock band. 😆
9:36 The US is the least "free" country in the world, going by percentage of imprisoned inhabitants
People really should stop having kids. That probably help a bit.
Yes, watching books is boring. You read them, dummy! 😝
I know you say it’s not about taking away anyone’s single family house but I would absolutely like to do that, raze the suburbs
I Love my discount Burt Reynolds is back!! Cool video Brah
I finally begin to understand the zones in Sim City. As a European I always thought it was just a game quirk.
Please make a video about how the meat industry contributes to climate change . So often it’s left out of the climate conversation
@8:05, Euclid Ohio is not close to Chicago, its near Cleveland.
You stack bags of milk inside of boxes, like oranges.
Hopefully with the rise in remote work, myself and others can live rural and be left alone. I equally detest city life and suburbs.
Isn't there something more eco-friendly than blue tape that you can use to "clip"/fasten that microphone such as a laundry clip? Other than that silly criticism your videoes are great, and not the obviously less effective doomsday rhetoric that just makes people feel hopeless. The humor is the best part of your videoes, especially when you interact with wild animals! :D
I would like to live downtown but the housing is so much more expensive there, I can only afford to buy a single family in the distant suburbs.
And HOAs want to limit how you can use your own property based on how it would look and future property values (yours affecting theirs). So, you can't have the fence you want, or the garden.
Thank you I am ✨sad now✨
God i fucking love this channel
Now do Phoenix AZ.
Great job making a topic like this interesting.
hey Rollie d-do you want to go to a zoning meeting with me? 👉👈
But this is just the same video as that made by NotJustBikes earlier..
Great work! Love the greater Denver backdrops!
love your chanel pal
That was one hell of an intro, I’ll tell you that much. It was really good.
This is great because 1 it made me laugh a lot, and 2 it spoke about how we can change things. I've watched not just bikes a lot but I've never seen a video about how to make change.
Great crossover, thank you!!! :D
North-American style suburbs are just so soul destroying, they're ugly and ruin the planet. Sadly the electricity here in NL is the dirtiest in Western Europe. 'buying green energy' also isn't a thing, there's no special system to deliver 100% CO2 free energy to ones house, so it's basically energy companies begging for extra cash, which they may or may not use to construct CO2 energy sources.
Bags of milk are fantastic, cheaper and more environmentally friendly, also very convenient. (Refilling your own glass bottles is more environmentally friendly and arguably cheaper if you do it for decades but is highly inconvenient and can'tdo it in most places)
This video is so relevant to St. George, Utah, where they keep discarding the conservative trash from California (and elsewhere) so they keep building miles and miles of... wait for it... single family homes! The suburban nightmare where I live, there are absolutely no services, no grocery stores, restaurants, etc. It takes a 15 minute drive to reach a grocery store to buy something essential  like.. you know... food! I continue to bitch and moan to build a grocery store for.... you know.... food! So, what do the powers in charge do when they want to put in some commercial things.... ?? wait for it... they decide to build car dealerships! I'm not joking.... CAR DEALERSHIPS!!! I mean, you can't make this stuff up!! Have you ever tried eating a car??? If you haven't, wait a few months, and I'll let you know......
Plus, nobody wants to live in multifamily housing or use public transportation, because people suck
A breath of resh air. Pun intented! Subbed
I too am offended by poor urban design, racism, being trapped forever in a hellish landscape of parking lots and freeways, and bags of milk.
How does it feel to base your channel on a fraud like man-made global warming?  The climate cabal has one objective; control over everyone. The religion of weak thinkers and lemmings.
Actually you save plastic with the bags of milk and you put them into a special milk-bag holder to keep them from flopping over
So basically all of America is built around the fact white people don't want to live around black people?
I love in a town that is going through zoning law changes. It's interesting to witness. Many of the older people in our town are against the changes because they fear their property values will be negatively effected.  Many people have their entire retirement hinging in their property value. They expect to cash out once they hit 68. This has caused two things:  - less affordable housing for younger families. - tension between old people and young people. - an end to neighborhood based schools. - over inflated cost of houses.
I knew you were filming in Colorado.
3:24 bookmark
This was incredibly an informative video. We need to make a lot of changes.
I agree that we need housing options and much more flexible zoning but this will be a non starter. Right now their is a massive and angry right wing movement that is legislating out local control and packing local governments to stop “the great reset.” A core tenant is that all zoning must be remain single family and that multiplexes are just a way to attract non-desirables and usher in absolute control by the banking cartels. This is a pipe dream until this movement dies out. At this rate it could be decades before this conspiracy hungry generation dies off.
Sorry, awesome moustache. What were you saying?
So so so funny. How do you ONLY have 194K subscribers?  I shall spread the word to my vast family/friend circle of 5.
I suggest that, in North America, land has always been seen as a limitless resource, because Europeans got off the the boat and said "Egad, this place is big!".  So land can just be consumed.  Outside the skyscraper zones, used land is rarely re-used but is often left derelict.
Thank you NotJustBikes for introducing me to this FunnyAsF**K channel.  New subscriber to ClimateTown. 😀
The stigma around non-single family is the issue, not single family homes.
YES!! Editing magic + zoning. What's not to love?
"Well come on down and freakin' find out, brother." hahaha Great video again!
Great video with much great information! It's a pity that these little short clips throughout the video are extremely cringe, that is why I will not share this video. Other than that, amazing work!
I was wondering why the hell American cities just start jumping upwards out of nowhere like that instead of slowly scaling up
Whod win, virgin single family home or chad prefab affordable housing
I'm currently the youngest person elected in my town council. Hope this counts and I'm doing my best to advocate for mixed use developments and walkable/bike friendly infrastructure.
This video helped connect how actively racist people were back then. They put in actual work to put others down.
Intra Video videolength: 20:49; YouTube videolength: 20:59🧐🤨
Imagine being able to just walk to work.
How are you not on Nebula? Lol
🤮
Doing the Lords work
So, America's city planning stems from racism and that apartment blocks with easy access to schools, parks and markets are for commies. Makes sense.
Turn off the sound for the first 18 seconds of the video, and it looks like he’s rapping
Should talk to ' City Beautiful ' as well.
Tokyo. Look to Tokyo on how to do everything right.
10:50 I suspect the climate crisis is probably only a couple of decades away... Just watch Thwaites Glacier crumble and collapse in the next 5 or so years.
LET THE MARKET DECIDE! (unless it's something I don't like)
The biggest take I get from this is noticing how similar Hulk Hogan is to Matt Mercer. Who would've thought?
Here in Raleigh, North Hills is the first place I think of watching this. North Hills mall used to be one of the worst malls in the city, and it struggled for a long time. The whole area was just awful for a long time. Then it got re-zoned. They built a new out door type of mall but it had apartments and condos. The whole area exploded with like minded construction, and now it's easily one of the best places to live in the city... so much so the city gave the area a new name. "Mid-town". My parents had to briefly move into an apartment in North Hills that had a big grocery store in the parking deck. They could literally take the apartment elevator down to it to go grocery shopping. Across the street were tons of great restaurants and entertainment venues. It was really a cool place to live. It's one of a kind in the entire city outside of downtown.
i have never been more on que with a video then when you said 9:45
I'd like to believe higher density housing means less rentals and B&Bs.
I completely understand how important high density living and reducing suburbs is for the environment but it's not for everyone.  There is no way I'd be able to live in another townhouse development with thousands of people in one small area. Then the thought of living in an apartment building with a bunch of other humans where everyday I have to interact or see a human in a concrete jungle.   These types of development leave no space to have a yard where you can actually grow your own food and not only rely on business to feed you with whatever crap they put in our food.   If it ever came down to only being able to.live in a high density area, I would probably commit suicide within a short period of time because I cannot stand humans all that much.   Population control should be a priority, this would really help reduce overpopulation and the need for these types of environments plus deficits in the food supply chain.
Lol ! That was  awesome! Brother!
well im subbed to both of you soooo sorry for no new subs
I have to say I love living in a detached house in the countryside. It’s about quality of life too. I’ve lived in city apartments, never again, it sucks! But I’m in Belgium, so everything is close by anyway. Also comparing the states with Netherlands is a bit mental. There’s a good reason why most Dutch are living cheek by jowl......it’s a tiny country & one of the most, if not the most densely populated country in Europe.
15:48 Eric Rosen the chess player ?
really love that my hometown neighborhood is the peak background for suburban sprawl thank you climate town i couldn’t agree more
Lack of foresight in 'the greatest country ever'?  Say it isn't so.
I actually just found Not Just Bikes independently a few weeks ago. I've been sincerely meaning to get my butt to a zoning meeting because I feel really strongly about this, and I think this is just the kick in the pants that I needed.
Too busy making dollars in the US to be making sense.
My girlfriend is Portuguese, and I am sadden to say that the suburban plague is very much in Europe.  I live in a urban area but I fear this won't last forever. It seems my girlfriend and her family sees success in living in a suburban house, having multiple cars and hopefully having a big pool. I guess the only way to convert people to envy urban lifestyle would be to force them to live in suburban area as a teenager or young adult.
As an editor, I nearly shot an entire bag of milk from my nose during the, "Magic of editing. Agic of editing." part. LOL! Great work on this Rollie!
Collab of 2022
Wow, if you put it like this, suburbia seems like a desolate place to live. Being Dutch, I now realize, by watching your channel and that of Not Just Bikes, we take stuff for granted that makes the Netherlands a great place to live. Sure cycling through the rain is not always fun, but it only happens 10% of my trips, tops. And there is no such thing as bad weather, just bad clothing. And if this get too bad, I can always work from home. And if I have forgotten anything in the supermarket for my weekly shopping, I just hop on my bike and within 5 minutes I'm there, without having to worry I get run over by a car. The bus stop is only a 5 minute walk away from my home, it's a 5 to 10 minute bus ride to the train station and from there I can get to Rotterdam, Amsterdam or Utrecht within 30 to 40 minutes by train. Which I don't have to do often anyway, because everything I need is only a 10 minute bike ride away anyway. To top it off, my kids really enjoy taking the bus or train. They like the journey more than the destination. Not once they ask whether we're there yet when we're using public transport. A question I very often get when we're traveling by car.
It's time to focus on America  *plays a British song*
"TWO grocery stores" - when I say Icackled
they're not bleeding america dry, they're bleeding the usa dry. us suburbs aren't bleeding argentina dry
Fuck I hate how everyone in America blindly follows rules set by dead rich white guys like it's THE RULES and we can't just change the rulez.
I hear what you're saying. The first home my wife and I owned was a townhouse. We loved it and lived there for 8 years. However, as our family grew we moved an hour out of town got some land and a single family home in the suburbs. I could never go back! It's a quiet dead end road up a mountain, we have a view and back onto the forest.  I fully understand that dense housing coupled with public transit is better for the planet. But I can live that close to other people. Especially one under a strata act (HOA) with a bunch of busy bodies looking to see how many fines they can nail their neighbors with.
How did i not know this channel? Thanks Jason (and Nebula) for bringing me here! Subbed!
It's already like this. I'm stuck living with someone who lives so far into the burbs that I can't walk far enough to find a job. And ofc I don't have a car so I just don't do anything really
I just realized the name of your channel could make a great orientation of where you're heading with these videos: an Endgame like video that combined all the things gathered before to show how a Climate Town could and should look like.  For this to be a closer reality you might wanna check out the Solarpunk theme as well, as it feeds that imagination of a climate friendly city and general lifestyle. Would love to see a video on that, but not sure how to implement it with all that science stuff.   Anyways, loved these two video, great fan of you two!
I was all excited about this video .... and then you had to get into putting down bagged milk.
My friends, fellow Kyivans, don't want to move to most other countries because the standard here is, there should be several card accepting food shops and drug stores open 24/7 365 in five minutes walking distance, as well as several public transport options.
Thanks Adam ruins everything
The air-quotes in NJB's tone on that "community engagement meetings" was *chef's kiss*
Oh look an angry manchild whining about people not wanting to be forced into hives.
I lived in a "tower block" in the UK, no idea what you'd call that in the USA (A condo? An apartment block?). Anyway, the heating was broken for the 4 years I lived there, and it was never a problem, not even in the middle of winter: there was plenty of ambient heat from the apartments below, either side, and above ours such that we never needed our central heating.
are you in leyden rock
🤔
I found bagged milk weird when I visited canada, but the trick is to put the bag in a jug.. and you then have reduced packaging for a daily consumable.  I'm not sure how that compares with re-used glass bottles though
I had exactly the same reaction when I heard him say bag of milk the first time! HAHA!
You could also insulate the exciting houses, this should be a nobrainer, especially with the high electrical bills, it dose not only prevent heat from leaving the house, it also prevents it from entering.  In Austria we have laws for certain coefficients that have to be met, if you want to build a new house, one describing the capability of heat entering or leaving the wall, it's impossible to do that without insulating the house properly.
I love zoning meetings and an alternative to single detached home dwelling milk bags! Um i love milk bags no um I love this guy! Yeah im down for Climate town!
Sorry, but this video lost me right at the beginning when he claims that zoning laws are created by old, rich, racist white guys. In truth, zoning laws are usually constantly being updated by the representatives of the residents that live in those communities. Why would those residents want to restrict the building of multi-family housing? For the simple reason that when you pack more people into a tighter space you wind up with a lot more congestion on the streets. And yes, it also helps to increase home values because as the population grows, the increase in demand puts upward pressure on home prices given the limited supply. Homeowners apparently like it when their homes increase in value. Who knew? And of course, places like Japan have managed to get good at building more compact, multi-family housing. They had to. They live on an island with limited space.
OMG, those areas look like the 7th circle of hell!!
Where I live they are rezoning all the farmland industrial so they can build distribution centers to feed our insatiable appetite for mail order.  Driven by the explosion of suburbs and coinciding with the decline of mom and pop retail - sigh.
This needs to win an award or something. It's beyond any other climate content. You need your own Netflix special.
Fun fact: "cul-de-sac" and "culs-de-sac" are pronounced the same as each other per the rules of their origin language, French; the reason for that being that French has the worst pronunciation rules of any language (and I'm speaking fucking English right now and I still have room to call out French, it's really that bad).
Ok, cities like Boston are increasingly allowing multi-family housing. On paper. But then comes the fine print. If you want to convert a two family into a three family house, you must install a sprinkler system. That is outrageously expensive for fairly minimal benefit. So, the average home owner will not do it. Yes, some 3000 people die in fires every year, but many of them also die in buildings with sprinkler systems. Also, we can enforce such a code, but not get every America to be vaccinated against a disease that kills 450,000 people a year, 95% of whom are unvaccinated? heat pump
I get all the efficiency of mixed use zoning and high density occupation, but I’ve absolutely hated my neighbors at every apartment I’ve lived in for the last 8 years. Though I’ve heard in Japan people actually observe quiet hours…The noise alone is the reason why I want to upgrade to a SFH. But maybe if building included better sound proofing or management would bother doing something about the adult sized toddlers screaming at each other at 2am again I could see apartments being worthwhile for me.
Is your bag of milk unstable? For less than the cost of a refrigerator, I could offer you a square, bag-shaped jug, as deep as a bag, and made of the finest plastic, to support the bag of milk. Just snip off one corner for pouring, and another so that it breathes instead of gulps when you pour, and it works just like any other jug. It's also narrow, so can be squeezed into tight spaces if the refrigerator is full.  Pre-school district? Good idea. Primary school age district? Even better. Let your kids spend the after school hours in there, and you don't have to worry about the kind of person who likes isolated suburban houses because you can sneak victims into them without anybody seeing. Might be a good idea to  have a teenage district, too (to protect everyone else from the teenagers).  You could seriously have districts like that, if instead of having many sizes of dwellings (which are just relics of past constraints on development) you had just the "perfect layout".  And for someone who likes certain things about suburbia, "perfect" would be like suburbia rearranged. (I'm thinking mainly of gardens and garages - both for rock bands, and for dads that like to make furniture there's no more room for in the house).  The rearrangement is pretty simple in principle. "Make it dense". And the densest/ smallest footprint way to do that is with "apartment blocks". But then we come to the things that suck about apartments, so the only necessary aspect of these to carry over into the future is their small footprint.  One of the things that suck about apartments is that when the people upstairs start jumping on their bed, the noise comes through your roof. And a similar problem is that whenever you start your pogo routine the people below bang on the roof for you to stop it. Shared walls and horizontal surfaces are nice for saving materials, but they can be noisy.  So separate all units on all sides? I've read somewhere that a cavity wall has a soundproofing effect. So it would seem to make sense to separate units laterally with cavity walls - and translucent ones, too - to let in light. Then there's the top of your unit/ bottom of the neighbours to worry about. Make it into open air space (with some kind of insulation option for cold days). To keep it that way, you have to make it impossible to turn it into an extension. I'd go for lots of "structure" - beams, trusses, arches, ogives, tracery, buttresses, columns, etc. Try to fix it so that the integrity of the floor upstairs depends on all those structural elements that you have to duck under when moving around more than necessary on your "roof-balcony". Make the floor slab thinner, and support it in many more places.  Might be a bit much requiring an open space on top. Really all I want is to have an adequate place for your dog to go out into the breeze to have a snooze (instead of having a snooze on your couch). It's essential for people to be able to still keep dogs.  The other thing I'd do different to usual apartments is to "make up for the loss of the street" (for e.g. deliveries). So have a delivery passage as well as the usual door access passage. Reserve it for robotic package deliveries, meal deliveries, washing deliveries, and emergency services. (You'd also put all your wiring and piping in there, nice and exposed so it's easy to see if it's leaking or sparking.)  Gardens. Use the whole suburb's worth of space you have after piling up the houses in the center. (Don't go squeezing more of these buildings in. That would make it a hell. You want single buildings standing in glorious isolation among pastures that run right up to their very feet.  This would need to be something to try on new developments, rather than retrofit (although there are plenty of parking lots you could fit such a development into.
I got here from NJB, and I wanted to point out a bit in his video about empty property in the city being used for surface parking instead of housing, and I really, REALLY think that's a far bigger issue than suburban zoning. It's the thing that drives the sprawl that we're all complaining about; younger people increasingly want density, they want walkability, they want urban living. The other thing that doesn't get explored in depth is financing of lower income development. Banks just don't want to do it.
A bag of milk is actually more economical:  - single material packaging, easier to recycle (cartons are many layers of different materials and thus more difficult to recycle) - thinner packaging = less packaging (it takes a lot more material to make rigid jugs)
Bags of milk are sealed, the pics you showed... not sure where that's from. But fun fact: they are actually environmentally better other forms (even better than "recyclable" jugs). 4L come in 3 (sealed) bags and therefore are 1) easier to store than a 4L jug and 2) stay fresh longer cause you're only opening 1/3 at a time. People think it's "weird", but there are literally better in every way. And the "inconvenience" is overstated. Once you realize all you need is scissors/knife/bag opener to open them and it literally takes 3 seconds to cut them.
Housing in Japan is BARELY affordable, though.
*WHEN I WAS A KID IN THE 1970'S* America was a magical place you dreamed about moving to - in 2022 its a dystopian hellscape you never want to visit...
Came for NJB, stayed for the glorious rant about bagged milk. Tell 'em preacher! #banbaggedmilk
Liberals want you to live in smog ridden, riot prone, crime filled urban environments that can't deal with pandemics.    Go live in a pod and eat bugs all you want.  I'm keeping my suburban dwelling.
It's just a matter of preference. I for one don't like living in mixed used areas due to the noise. I don't like the idea of me having to breathe next to others especially the smokers and the infected. Living in the suburbs is not all that bad. There's a certain sense of freedom and privacy. I find it to be interesting that those who grew up living in apartments in urban areas are mainly the ones who prefer suburbs due to wanting a new adventure in their lives, and vice-versa. Life living in urban areas can be boring for some but not to all, the same goes to suburban areas. Again just a matter of preference.
11:16 it says cul-de-sacs not culs-de-sac i don't understand :'(
Bag of Milk ? ... In the UK we still have the Milkman. Who brings milk to your front door by 7am every morning. They used to use an slow electric Milk Float, delivering the pint of milk in glass bottles & taking away the empty to be cleaned & refilled. & we would communicated with the milkman with messages rolled up & put in the empty bottle !. All very green. But now   the supermarket milk in single use plastic bottles is cheaper. So, right when we need climate action, the milkman has lost market share.  But they still exist .& still uses the glass bottles, &  now have a new generation electric vans.
So glad these kinds of issues are spreading on social media. A lot of the social ills we face in America are systemic from zoning and suburban overdevelopment.
Small correction...Not Just Bikes says Euclid Ohio then goes on to talk about the neighboring city of Chicago. All Midwest cities are not the same, geez.
10:32 correction: from all *6* sides
I'd be more outraged but all the jokes hit so hard!
14:23 wow where in Amsterdam is this?
@Climate Town: thank you! this was a real eye opener. still i rather live in suburbs far from everything, than in a dense area, full of humans (mostly idiots) without any green around me.
Rollie, this was excellent.  Good job.
You’ll actually love this. The guy who invented bagged milk was from Canada, he owned a carpet company and used the scrap plastic to create milk bags. I know because I met his daughter about ten years ago.
man, i remember in the old days. in the suburbs i learned to drive, and they told me we'd never survive.  grab your mother's keys, we're leaving.
Came here because Tom Scott recommended it in a podcast I stumbled into.
I have questions. Don't plants need CO2 like we need oxygen? Furthermore, hasn't Earth's ice has been rapidly melting for 10,000 years? Isn't Earth's normal state is to have 2 to 3 times more CO2 in the atmosphere than it has now? It is not continually sequestered underground by natural processes? If it weren't for humans digging it up and burning it, re-releasing it to plants, that the whole of life on Earth might be headed for extinction as there would eventually be no more plants? Isn't Earth normally warmer, with higher sea levels with plants and wildlife living at the South Pole and more plentifully above the Arctic Circle? Isn't the whole planet greening up now as shown in recent satellite pics owing to recently higher CO2 levels?
Boom YouTube algorithm
Counterpoint -- as a gardener I would not want to live in medium or high density housing. I like walking out my door right into a vegetable and flower paradise. I also like the noise insulation I get with a single family home. I don't have to hear the neighbors, and they don't have to hear me playing drums either. Sincerely, a non-white person in his 30's
Too many Nick's support you. I'm uncomfortable
They’re remodeling the failing mall in my area into an apartment complex 😀 Which is attached to a grocery store
Great video, as always, thanks for all the hard work you put in!
Looks like you fulfilled NotJustBike's contractual obligation to say "a bag of milk," well done! 😂
The U.S. is a modern day hell.
Since you talked about milk, do you plan on a video about the ecology of milk maybe? There's a lot there..
I'm sorry but as a european, your videos are just so fun to watch
"Is bagged milk a thing?"  Canadians: 👀
As an aspiring urban planner I am so glad that sustainable urban planning seems to have seen a surge in interest over the last year or so. It is so important
@11:16 you highlighted the wrong plural
Bags of milk come in packs of 3 and cost the same as a single large carton, which means you get 3 times the milk for the cost. Also, they can be stacked, you just need to buy a specific tray for them.  As for housing, I think it make sense to remove these zoning laws and give people more options, but I, as an antisocial introvert, would much prefer live in a detached single home in a small town rather than live in an overpriced, tiny condo/apartment in a crowded big city.
man, here in Brazil its pretty common to have a bag of milk hahahaha, i grew up to that
Murican suburbs are like cancer.
14:40 nope, i miss bags of milk. You get one holder to put the bag in and bags are infinitely better recyclable than the oh so convenient tetrapack and use less plastic and space than plastic bottles and jugs.
Euclid was trying to stop the spread of industrialization from Cleveland I assume, not Chicago 😉 I cannot imagine moving back to a suburb like the one I grew up in where it was impossible to walk anywhere without dodging very busy and high speed roads. Great vid!!
Did you say Eric Rosen at 15:49 and mean the chess IM Eric Rosen by any chance?
ARE YOU ROLLIE FROM KAMUI?!?!
So funny how Americans always think they are the best, but reality is it sucks and trying to change it is a long and slow process
"Welcome to Climate Town", Thanks, but I've been here before. It's a scary place.
I'd be fine with high density if 1 i didn't have to deal with neighbors and thin walls and 2 rent. owning nothing and renting forever is shit.
I like how you say Zoning Bored Meeting
I have a grocery, thrift store, coffee shop, supermarket, pharmacist, barber, restaurant and a fricking Spanish consulate within a 2 minute walking distance and each one of them is located in a different mixed-use building. That's Europe for you, I guess.
bag milk is the tits!
Taking into account the genocide that created the US, its continued white supremcey,its ongoing violent enforcement of financial hegemony, its violent resistance to any development of socialism and it being the home to the propaganda against climate change adjustments, there really is no justification for tacit approval of the horror show by continuing to live their and participate in its economy. You literally can't change it until it collapses. You should move.
6:32 - Hmm. This shot is ok but it could really use some birds in the background.
Is that you Tim?
This was not a very biased video at all, was it? Apartment and multi-family places bring the problem of limiting ones ability to a better life- the poor will blame it for being forced into low paying jobs nearby since they can’t afford to pay for parking and car… Mini communities were the thing in Soviet Union, and that worked amazingly didn’t it? Everything was designed to be within 10min walk from your home: hospital, school, kindergarten, supermarket, club etc… yet that didn’t really do much to provide a quality life(remember? We had to fight hard not to allow communist ideology creep in).
god am I glad to be Dutch and more importantly, NOT american            (america doesnt even deserve a capital A anymore)
If I had a million guesses, I'd never guess that Euclidean zoning was named after a town in Ohio, and not Euclidean geometry.
We used to have bags of milk in Romania when using milk wasn't ubiqutous. People didn't just add a bit of milk in coffee, cereal. You bought a bag, you boiled it all at once against bacteria and used it for baking cakes and making all kinds of foods. I wouldn't go back to that, but health conscious people treat milk like a fatty ingredient of questionable nutritional value rather than a snack you should always have a bottle of in the fridge
I am glad to see the return of the shitty September gag.
I feel I need to defend the bag of milk. Your ment to have a reusable glass pitcher (could be plastic but my grandma said glass is better for some reason) at home that you pour the bag into. Lots of dairy farms sell there excess milk but don't have access to hundreds of cartons or jugs so using bags this way its easier, and cheaper for the farmers and cuts down on waste since you only have to toss a small bag rather then a plastic jug. Grandma living 2 houses down from the Jones' dairy farm for the win
A bag of milk lol
Building upwards makes common sense, it will never happen.
Out if the whole video, I found that I crave a bag of milk.
As a matter of fact all the US houses suck. Just look at Zillow. Most of the crappy mess on the pictures has no value if look at it in person even worse. I would say most of the houses in the US have 30-40 yrs life span, but listing 1920 build carton box for a mil or 2 should be criminal.
a "40 minute walk to the nearest business?"  bullshit.
1:32, love that the uploaded video is even 10 seconds longer
10:32 Let's forget about the back side shall we. What we don't see...
A good deal of truth here. I worked hard to make it to the burbs. Now I'm realizing that my family are trapped. Drive to school, drive to gym, drive to friends, drive to shop, drive to work... I used to walk to all of that and it's not even quiet here. Not that there aren't advantages, but it's definitely got it's share of downsides. (Thank GOD I don't have an HOA. That #### is just so scifi dystopia creepy)
These just keep getting better!
Sad thing about Europe and those multi-family houses (at least in my country) avg. size is around 40m2 now, big is considered as 60m2, you're lucky if you get balcony (3m2 is considered as normal size). Those are not so fun ;)
Superfun and informative. He actually changed my mind about zoning in Norway and I might be able to do something about that someday :). But first, imma gonna walk out and buy a big bag o' milk.
It’s impossible to express how much I appreciate Climate Town.
Brother, you are the best brother out there brother
15:48 WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT, IM ERIC ROSEN??? the calmest international chess master ever IS YOUR FRIEND??!
BANGER VIDEO. commenting for the algorithm
I like your content very much. Not only is informative and funny, but also encourages us to engage and try to change our surroundings.
Excellent video!
Is this the same Rollie Williams that is the (not so) average pool players?
Hearing "a bag of milk" makes me nauseated
@6:26 hey siri
We used to have bags of milk here in New Zealand back in the early 2000's - but where did they go? We recycle soft plastics now too so they'd save sooo much waste!
it slightly boggles my mind that your zoning laws are like "in this massive area you can only build houses" - here in the UK (and i know we're far from a great example) it's usually more like telling developers "ok, if you want to build that many houses, you also need to include some shops/restaurants, children's playgrounds within easy walking distance of all streets, work with local schools to add capacity and/or build a new school, and work out a deal with the local bus company to ensure they provide bus routes for at least the first (x) years" (on the theory that after the initial period supported by the developer there should be enough established demand to support the bus routes) also, from experience working in an out of town business park, the office buildings have limits on how many parking spaces they're allowed not minima... (in our case, it was 0.6 x the building's nominal desk capacity)
Too bad "Not In My Back Yard" people will ruin that plan.
You don't mean, International Master Eric "oh no my queen" Rosen. Now that would be a wild coincidence.
commenting for the algo my g
In this video there's some emphasis on the 4 sides of single family homes, but most gains are to be had from stacking houses/apartments on top of each other.  Single family homes leak energy in 3 dimensions on either end, 6 sides in total, the largest of which is always the vertical dimension, so floor and roof area.
The best part of this video is the use of shittyflute hands down :D
Me living in an european, mid-sized well isolated brick house: hows the estate now ya inefficient fricks
Yes! The plural of cul-de-sac is culs-de-sac, which is logical since these can be translated to bag-bottom and bag-bottoms… but in a less polite way. That being said, I am not sure it was the case 300 years ago, or whenever it was introduced in the English language.  I guess “cul” went from a general way of meaning bottom to only mean ass nowadays, and there are a lot of French expressions with “cul” in them.  And the reason they used a metaphor with bags? IDK, but it makes the idiom somewhat intuitive. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed the non-solicited info dump.
I live in an 8 storey apartment building (with brutalist aesthetics none the less if you're into that sort of thing), I have a 2 minute walk to the woods (from my balcony I see basically nothing but pines) and a school, a 5 minute walk to a convenience store, a couple of pizzerias, electronics outlet, toy store, construction store, library, gym, and a swimming hall, and a 10 minute walk to two different supermarkets, clothing-, second hand-, liquor-, furniture-, candy- and pet stores. I can also get into the centre of town through a 12 minute bus ride. This is also the time it takes for my kid to get to school door to door (not the same school as mentioned earlier). I do not own a car nor do I see why I would get one. Guess my country.
Why is it that Europe does everything mostly right and America does everything wrong, everything
Also having ONLY unaffordable single family homes definitely contributes to the large POC/Queer homeless population. Ty for your video ❤️
When I first the thumbnail for this video your getup gave me big Joel Haver vibes and it took me a second to realize I wasn't about to tune into an awkward comedy sketch XD
I really miss your pool content. I actually took lessons with Ralph Eckert after watching your video 😁
Did he say "my friend Eric Rosen"?:)
I am pleased to see that you have linked articles from Strong Towns. I've been learning a lot from them and was going to recommend it if you hadn't already done so. :)
Great video! Too much Hulk Hogan
Any chance to scrap the R1 law?
I think my brain exploded when my two favorite channels crossed over!!!!!!
Bag of milks are quite common in India. You buy em, and you pour em out in your vessels at home. Motivated by financial reasons in a poor poor economy, imo they have a side benefit of consuming less plastic than bottles of milk (specially if there are no recycling infrastructure in your city)
It's also worth noting that American suburbs have underwhelming amounts of shops. Trust me, you can fit in way more shops even without increasing density.   They could easily become more cycle-able. Focus on creating poly-core cities (can be done even without dense housing e.g. Botany 'Town Centre' here in Auckland) for example, and have smaller shopper hubs between those larger hubs.
This video leaves me with a feeling of ‘environmental changes? why do I even think I can make a difference when people live this wasteful?’ I live in rational housing in europe. the whole country recycles.. all so ‘mericans can live wasteful…
Love your videos, but please could you reduce the amount of memes maybe by 20%
This sucks, please stop fighting for the housing developers. They are rich enough, they do not need your help changing laws to make it even easier for them to build shitty houses.
In order to solve climate change we will have to clean up and defossilize the electric grid, buy electric cars and use electricity powered heat pumps to heat our homes. If we don't do all that and more, CO2 will continue to rise along with sea levels, melting glacier water supplies, coral die off, and insufferable heat. But if we do then it won't matter if our housing is single family residential or high density. High density just makes electricity cheaper because we'll need a little less of it, the suburbs will be climate friendly no matter what tge housing.  So please stop making bad arguments for high density. Emphasize affordability, walkability, and pedestrian and bicyclist safety. Don't hold up Japan as a housing model. It's uncontrolled uglification. And address concerns about crime, drugs, gangs, and blight so you actually change people's minds. If those are fake problems, cite studies and examples. If they are preventable problems, show how to prevent them and cite studies and examples and come up with guidelines that Yimbies can promote.
Another brilliant, clever & informative video, brother!!
Sounds like you want me to live in a pod, nice try World Economic Forum.
Ah, the 2 political topics I love most, racism and climate change. It was hard to watch and I strongly disagree
Well done.
A West Side Story dance quote? Subscribed.
Tax more petrium!
So the reason why US suburbs are such soulless entities is because a ton of dead people before us wanted to flex their racism, and did so by choosing the most comically inefficient means necessary...... Pure American tradition alright.
Nailed it. This is one of several reasons I left Canada for East Asia. North Americans need to get out more and go visit Seoul and Japan to get a better feel of how different life can be in mixed use cities that are extremely walkable and public transit heavy. Not to mention the super fast internet infrastructure and cheap unlimited data mobile plans 🙄
Do you know anyone who drinks milk? Do people that get cartons of milk ever talk about it? I think the bags of milk thing just exist to keep milk trending.
😭 the 'bag of milk conversation' is a childhood memory to me. I live in Switzerland and we used to get our milk in bags about 20 years ago. Everytime you went shopping, someone tapped on your shoulder because your milk was leaking. I have the sneaking suspicion, this was a faild social project against loneliness amongst the elderly. 😂
Fuck this is a great video.
I think I just fell in love. You are the most entertaining educator I've come across in a very long time - and as a university professor I consider myself in that niche club. Kudos to you, and here's a sub.
Who else screenshots their name in the patreon credits?
I once thought having a lawn and backyard of my own would help cure my depression. It was a rental single family household. It didn't. So I went back to renting an apartment, but changed my choices up when I started making more money. I went for one of these developed plazas that mixed their zoning here in the Denver CO sprawl. (similar to the one in 16:00) It made a night and day difference. I figured that not having to be completely dependent on car travel for everything and not be stuck in a characterless isolated neighborhood was what my mental health needed.
I first heard of Americas problem with urban sprawl and zoning from Not just Bikes, i think its fascinating. Is it too late for America though?
Wow, all my favourite YouTube people in one video!
Bravo
The space on this planet is finite; We don’t need more people. Start there.
The idea of car centric suburbs is disgusting. In my city (Sheffield, UK) there are lots of amazing suburbs that contain all the local amenities, businesses etc, yet are still both a 15 min walk from the city centre in one direction and the Peak District National Park in the other direction. This is peak suburb and should be used as a template for medium sized cities.
That chick from 3:33 tho...
Oh God, now millennials think even houses are racist.  This channel is becoming a total bag of milk. I think John actually shot you too many times in the head with that BB gun. Loved the Hulk Hogan clips but. Keep up the good work. 👍
I have just binged watched everyone of your videos after discovering you from Not Just Bikes and now I have subscribed :D
As soon as you started with the "Racist" garbage... BYEEEE
Oh man, I thought that looked like those developments in Arvada. I used to work in a lot of areas like that and felt much the same way. I've been inside many of those houses and a lot of those people don't even know what to do with all that living space but fill it up with furniture they don't use. I live in Lakewood right by Belmar, and it is pretty good for walking to a lot of different kinds of stores.
Rezoning made to look like a win-win.  Adding a little business to the burbs is a good thing but what re-zoning usually means high density low income housing is coming down the pipe.   So the schools turn to shit property values are negatively affected and crime goes up.  Including momma's precious babies getting their asses kicked at school.  Muh diversity.
Dude, I love your humor! You're exactly the kinda person we need to spread awareness about climate change! Bravo & keep going!
They are building more apartment complexes in the town I live in. But the problem is they're still so expensive nobody can actually afford to live there.
I remember reading a few years back that suburbs were going to turn into slums. I don't know if that's true. But I do think that we can't just keep building these gigantic houses miles and miles away from anything and expect people to want to live there.
While I love the subject and info it provided, the amount of cuts just for the sake of beeing “funny” is waaaay to much.
normal, everyday things: "buying a bag of milk"
Just getting rid of backyards and having central parks in communities saves a massive amount of pavement.  Just because your house is detached, doesn't mean you need a lot big enough for three houses.  It's the sprawling backyards that waste ridiculous amounts of space and result in a huge amount of wasted time, money and carbon footprint taking care of them.
American Suburbs are basically deserts.
I feel like the key to winning over the bored retired demographic and getting proper city infrastructure is making videos like NJB and Climate town but for boomer tastes.
I love your channel
My love of this channel is definitely "unhealthy"
The "40 minutes to the closest business" feels like an absurd joke to a Finnish person who lives literally next door to a grocery store in a 0-car household.
Does he actually know Eric Rosen?
Every multi development I’ve had to live in was an endless parade of shitty loud asshole neighbors and terrible management. I’m infinitely happier with my house and could never go back to a higher density dwelling. Unfortunately a lot of America is just like that.
This guy wants you to live in a pod and eat processed bugs.  He is hopeful that in the future we will own nothing.
"welcome to climate suburbs"
Until all developers are forced to sound proof and insulate all their ugly boxes, I won't advocate this lifestyle. I've yet to live in a multifamily building complex with low heat bills.
The "the magic of editing" cut is one of the funnest things I have seen for a while. Beautiful work Rollie.
Jesus, This is the biggest fart smell I have seen in a long time
BAZINGA!
It's weird that here in Australia, we have the opposite problem, where shady property developers and even shadier local governments are only putting in shitty high risers.
Literally every creator from Not Just Bikes to Climate Town uses Oak Park Mall in Overland Park, KS...my childhood mall.
Maybe there should be an age limit on zoning meetings: If you are not going to be around in 10 years you can't come along. [I'm old I can make this joke/not really a joke]
Featuring Belmar (e.g. Lakewood) and Golden hurt a little with both having passed housing growth limits in the last handful of years that just bypass zoning and go straight to "no, we're just not gonna let anyone build enough housing to meet demand regardless of the type"
Why do we have a bag of milk in Canada?  Because one of our milk companies discovered that, to comply with Canadian laws and convert their milk cartons from imperial measurements to metric back in the 70s, it was easier to convert their plastic wrap machines to store the milk, so that it would save money.  You are welcome Climate Town.
Have to also rep City Nerd as another great city planning YouTube channel.
aahahahah the "self referential humour" gag at 14:38 <3
Please also upload your videos on Nebula. Also miss your previous outro!
On bags of milk: https://youtu.be/N6nu5Ygq0jk
I want to move to a single-family house because I would like to have some backyard animals, a lot of space for specialized room, like a room for painting and I don't want to worry about my girlfriend singing/playing piano at night and annoying neighbours. A house in a suburb does 0 of those things.
Time to develop New Tokyo, USA
This channel is flipping awesome. Convinced me on the gas stove video and subbed it up 🙌
I have an idea, turn some of the houses into stores, if the govt will allow it
first
14:42 This also used to be a thing in my country. Back in the good old Yugoslavia days, resources were hard to come by. To produce a plastic bag is way cheaper than to produce a tetra pack or a glass bottle. That is the reason why. I remember going home from the store and puncturing the bag every second time. It was also hard to close up and use again. :) It was a horror show. But now we have tetra packs and as the name suggests: that is 4 times worse for the environment. :😂
The writing and the improvised moments for this channel are top notch
It's not a *bag* of milk, its a *baeg* of milk.
3:56, hey! There are international audiences in this channel too! :)
A bag of milk sounds great. More efficient to transport, less packaging. Definitely more environmentally friendly. Climate town should be on board with bags of milk.
Not gonna lie, I live in he suburbs, because I can't afford to live in the city. a 2,000 sq ft house in the suburbs is way cheaper than a 2000 sq ft apartment in the city.
Zoning meeting: best first-date idea ever
Bag of milk uses less packaging than the carton. They have these reusable plastic containers, where the bag stays upright. I'm from Estonia, if you wonder.
The Colorado case study was nice to see. I was starting to think there were no modern example of a working multi use development in the us.
wait homie u from golden?
every city deserves a SoDoSoPa instead of parking lot
For stroop waffles, try Aldi or Lidl. They sold them there in the UK at least XD
Not gonna lie, I don't even know what the other guy said after bag of milk. I was zoned out until the Google search confirmed that bags of milk are an actual thing.
Massive collab!
Why, then, does Houston, the city which infamously does not have zoning, have one of the worst suburb sprawl problems in the entire country??
Thanks for covering this. Washington State has a upzoning bill being voted in the legislature right now!
Never thought I'd be stoked to watch a video on Zoning 😂
I picked a good first video of urs to watch
Or the white neighbors bringing in the kkk to run out black home owners. Happened a lot.
I thought your backgrounds looked familiar, and at 7:50 that was confirmed. We live near each other lol.
"Freest country in the world" - a whole bunch of other countries are LOL'ing at that.
My wife and i have been waiting for this for three months. We are now ready, cookie in hand, butt on seat. Let's goooo!!!!
Ya where's the thirsty cement where's the sustainable materials where's the white roofs. Why don't we use the waste rack from iron and copper mines not only will this save forests but will help reduce costs on heating and cooling your home if made with it. Don't forget when your home starts to rust it can be a work of art so injoy.
As a person who has been living in NYC for the last 30 years I can tell you that high density housing is awful and inhumane. No amount of climate change improvement is worth any of that. You stated the problem right at the beginning. America's population is growing by 100 million. Now THAT is what we need top fight against. That said there is no excuse for being an adult male in the US and not having a driver's license. GTFOH wit the that shit.
This is so freaking good. Thank you for making this video and it's also a bit uplifting to see how some areas are starting to evolve
I'm sure there's a happy middle ground between eliminating single family homes and avoiding an ultra dense nightmare dystopia... and I feel like a big part of it comes down to public transport.  People can live wherever they want, but they need to be able to move around efficiently.  If I decide to take the bus somewhere it shouldn't take 2-3x (or 5x or more) longer than if I had driven myself... and it ain't exactly cheap either to be honest, it's like $180 a month for a bus pass.
I like you better than Robbie Williams.
One of the reasons I worked so hard and went to college was to get out of the city and into the suburbs.  Not interested in EVER AGAIN hearing my neighbor stomp on my ceiling or listen to their crappy music through paper thin walls.  Screw walking to coffee; apartment living in the city sucked.
Will be interesting to see the impact of increased remote work (less commuting) over time.  Also, went to Villa Italia — can confirm. Used to think it was “Villia Tallia” s a kid ⛲️
this one video I don't agree on this channel, regurgitating this myth from other people/videos.  first of all, a home does not have much impact on the environment vs burning fossil fuels since it lasts for decades or more.   2. transportation between suburban does not need to be exclusive to cars but public transport and/or EVs.   3. cooling/heating a suburban home is not the problem but the use of it.  inefficient equipment and usage is the culprit. 4. Most importantly, zoning is not the issue! Mixed used or setting up malls, groceries, businesses, public transport is not possible if no one is going to use it! In other words, if there are few people in a given area, no business or high rise building will be sustainable.  Most of the issue is density where the minimum sized lot of an area is too big/expensive for most people.  This the reason why suburban in the US has unusually quiet, uniform, and huge properties unlike in other countries.
I worry about mixed-use development just ending up as expensive enclaves that are not accessible to/from the rest of the city without a car.  The better density is a plus for resource use, but total benefit is limited without practical transit connections to other areas, especially if dense areas are too distant for many to travel between by bike (even with decent bike infrastructure). My hometown built a new suburb in the hills with a little "town center" with a small commercial area and town homes surrounding it, but it's not complete enough that people aren't going to have to drive 15 minutes to the larger grocery store and surrounding strip malls regularly. There's an elementary school, but older kids are still going to need to drive or be driven. There are some other mixed townhome + small apartment building developments being squeezed in to what small farmland plots remained in the city (or replacing one low density commercial area), but they're still surrounded by stroads and have more space for vehicle parking than they do yards and parks, so they feel very isolated rather than supporting a community.
Are you really viewing historic events of old through the lens of contemporary politics?
What a waste of time this video is.  Luckily I was able to skip 10 minutes in and see the agenda he's pushing and no, he's not arguing for lower housing costs or better architecture.  Nope, somehow higher density ghettos is the climate-friendly solution. Ok, PAL.
I'm only 5 minutes in and I've already subbed to your channel man! Don't let me down!!  PS we are equal in terms of taekwondo
HOAs need to not be a thing anymore. As they take the restriveness of zoning, and go a magnitude of order higher.  That being said, I think the best approach is to have transitional zones between R-1 and commercial spaces.
Not just bikes audio is so grating
So worth the wait.
seeing that nice camry flood @ 11:25 hurt me personally, ill be seeing u in court
11:17 Huh: Apparenty culs-de-sac or cul-de-sacs work.
The boredom and room for hobbies growing up in a single family house did lead to a lot of invention - from garage bands to tech startups. Not sure how important that is though.
I like this channel very much.  I like NotJustBikes too.  But the back and forth broke the flow of video for me.  I also would like to boost this video.
This will forever be the "bag of milk" video my seven-year-old and I cracked up watching.
god, "magic of editing" really got me
Euclid, OH is nowhere near Chicago. I think you want Cleveland there.
In Rohnert Park, California, you get yelled at if you ride a bike, and we can’t sleep because of the drag racing.
I didn't know about bag of milk is a thing until I moved to Ontario from 🇺🇸.. Ontario still has 3bags in one more larger plastic bag to a total of 3 liter milk pack.. And my city asks us to cut open the bag, wash, keep it separate from other recyclable waste.. Most end up in landfill. Guess why Ontario can't get past this bag and more recyclable plastic HDPE jugs?! Yes another outdated lobby, which couldn't get a jug in liter measurements when Canada moved to metric!!
Good job ratting our your friend Eric to the cops
imagine living in Denver lol
Very cool vid collab!
Haven't finished the video, but as much as I dislike urban areas, I'd rather cities grow so that the people who do like dense residential living have places to live rather than destroying my countryside one suburb at a time. It's absolutely insane how fast cities in my area are growing outward rather than upward and how each year we have less and less agricultural land. We're heading for a disaster at this rate.
my dude, killer video. The balance of graphics, maps, cutways, clips and your succinct , informed and humorous VO....bravo man. well done.
in my country bags of milk (usually are packaged better than that btw) are more common in local bakeries and tend to contain less preservatives since they're not supposed to be stored for very long
developers will always choose to build multi-family units as its more bang for their buck. That is why zoning for single-family needs to be fought for. developers will build more and more expensive buildings (that are WAY harder to maintain), rent them out forever and you'll never be able to truly own it nor build generational wealth. your video is too bias, but you knew that already.
got a car ad on this video, lol
Hey Rollie, I'd love to see a vidya on the small thing about atmospheric methane concentrations reaching 1900 ppb on average, ~2300 ppb near the arctic. For reference, from 600 000 BC to 1800 AD the concentration of methane hovered around 400-800 ppb.  Oh, and loved the crossover! You are some of my favorite utubers. :D
The left, acting like gentrification and suburbia are bad, but then, the most democratic of communities consistently vote against local city oridinances to change it.  Keep posturing, you hypocritical f-.  Also, who legitimately wants to live in urbanized areas past their 30s?
As much crap as suburbs get, I'm kind of proud I grew up in them. There were so many adventures to be had and places to explore and imaginations ran wild. Yeah, I can see how they're inefficient and we should probably do better but it wasn't all bad.
14:40 Humans have been carrying fluids around in bags since the beginning of history, and now Rollie has a hissy fit because primitive Canadians don't use bottles for milk...  I'm sure you have a video about how they all end up in the sea one way or the other :P  I could be thinking of some other youtuber, but.... come on.  That was uncalled for.
End The Fed!
Yo yo yo you grew up in Belmar?! Aight I'm donating to Patreon man
Bro you grew up in Belmar?!
Who do Americans live in suburbs and do not die of boredom? It looks just like a hell on Earth no matter how big your prison or sorry house is. What do your kids do there? What do you do there?
I love that this is going mainstream and that tons of people unfamiliar with these concepts will see this video.
Gosh, thank you for these! Such a great work
I will bring a date to a zoning meeting
It's weird to see you walking around in areas I know.
I mean, the other problem here is that all of the higher density stuff going up in our cities is corporate owned and rental only. People can't afford it. It's a nightmare all around.
11:05 fun fact, culs-de-sac is actually pronounced "cul-de-sac"
7:49 is that the jeffco government center?  How dare you come into the Denver metro unannounced! We would have offered plentiful inebriation beverages while advocating better land uses.
I'm in exurb hell... I am not a wise man.
Car culture and zoning laws really fucked American urban development. I've lived in suburban housing all my life and the one week when I stayed in downtown philly and was able to just walk anywhere for everything was kind of amazing. I would happily live in a city but its usually expensive to and most "new" high-rise housing are those luxury apartments that only millionaires can buy and purposefully leave expect as a wealth-disparity flex. As much as I love my car, I think I would be just as happy to not have to pay for one just to do anything.
what if you made a version of your channel that’s the exact same thing just without the cutaway gags specifically for people in a rush
Climate Town is honestly one of my favourite educational channels.
Residents in single-family zoning (mostly suburbs) pay far more real estate tax then residents in more dense housing. For example in Brooklyn, NY the average RE tax is around 3000USD in Long Island just a few miles away the average RE tax is around 10,000USD. Yet I remember cases when city councils in LI voted against even opening a pizzeria within city limits because it would destroy the  character of the city, so if you want a slice of pizza it's a 2x15min ride.
IDK, I tried a bag of milk. They provided free containers. It was ok, but their milk was meh.
Omfg I've been bingeing NJB videos while I wait for the new climate town video.  Thank the Lord, this will get me through my Monday
https://youtu.be/SfsCniN7Nsc?t=14 Be glad you didn't have the son of a Marine Sharpshooter as a neighbor, that wouldn't have worked out so well...
Is there possible a way to make a the suburbs _not_ boring?  I mean these is the slight consideration to take in mind that the whole continent is already covered in them, it would be uneconomical to flatten them and start again...  Like what if every 12th house was legally required to be an escape room or something, I don't know, you guys work it out
America's population growth has flatlined.  45% of people work remotely and that's trending upward.  Electric vehicles are becoming pretty amazing. Home solar is cheaper than it has ever been. Many of your foundational arguments are just wrong.  I've lived in an apartment with noisy neighbors and it sucked.  Crazies like myself really do cherish living in an area of low population density...  Seeing the stars at night and hearing the birds chirp in the morning.  It's not terrible being a 15 minute drive away from noisy, bright, industrial areas.  I guess I'll just have to be that curmudgeon at the local zoning meeting...
Love the jacket
Wow! He looks just like Burt Reynolds! It's interesting to see what can be accomplished when cities let malls be rebuilt to make something good.
13:21 Heyyyyyy Wortley village, the tiny speck of mixed zoning in the suburban wasteland of Fake London
Just wanted to say thank you for all the work you put into this. Hilarious, extremely informative and on-point!
We lit the Creek on fire and caused a semi major traffic jam on I-70 by blowing up some helium balloons from the prom with an M-80. Some other shit too...lol
I hope he mentions passive houses in this video! Or strong towns.
this needs to get out there more.
elite video keep it up man
Overpopulation. Discussing city planning is moot unless we talk how to reduce the population first. Milkbags work really well btw.
The major box stores in my mall are all closed I wish that we could turn them into housing and make it so that we had a place where people could live and shop and work sadly I don’t think I will ever happen
Suburban towns are still in the position that the lowest risk option is to try to avoid having poor people.  Existing property owners benefit from restricting availability of housing that is less expensive than their house.  Organized developers are protected from competition from a free market.  Maybe places like Mpls starts allowing more infill, but that doesn't really change the overall dynamics since Burnsville Minnesota won't, nor will Erie, Colorado. And there is all that property with conservation easements in Colorado that provide open space between towns and long commutes.
In the end if these homes cannot be supported with infrastructure then they should all be on septic and wells and so on. If the area cannot support that then they should not be built. However,  the OMB NEVER says no, because there is SOOOO much money at stake. That's what happening.
North American towns depress me. I spent my whole teenage years just getting out of the house as much as possible. I spent a year homeless downtown and honestly preferred it to living 1h30 on foot from civilisation.
Stop pushing your communism on people. Single family homes is where it's at. Not cramped apartments. We're not rats.  It's also the only viable way to have a car, meaning freedom. Make the car electrical, I don't mind.  However what communists like you would like to achieve is most of the populations owning nothing, stuck in apartment buildings, using cramped in public transport, while the elites zoom around on empty roads we all pay for. Pathetic.
A bag of milk is like the single family housing of the beverage industry! Lol! I’m definitely going to use that one.
You teamed up with Not Just Bikes!? This suddenly got 1000 times better!!!
can we get zone meetings moved to zoom
constructive criticism, there were too many clips of old (to me)movies and shows that took away from following what you were saying. but maybe I'm too young to get those references
This was awesome!
dream collab
“It’s time to focus on America” - British rock music ensues
America relies on growth if that stops everything stops suburbs are the problem
“In Canada, Milk Comes in Bags” is a meme from the far off age of 2007.
Didn’t the huge car manufacturers buy the trolley lines out and shut them down due to transportation competition? I’m not really into researching history, just science.
BUILD UP !     BUILD UP !    BUILD UP !
You're doin' good work here....brother
Dead racists are the best kind
Yes, soviet style apartment blocks for all!
Comment 1000 & a bag of milk
Oregon abolished single family exclusive zoning in most places in 2019 and Portland followed by going even further in 2020. Change is possible.
Where are the classroom versions?
Excellent collaboration the both of you! Share and enjoy..
Imma make this a date. Happy Valentines Day!
The feels when two channels I already subscribe to do a collab.
In new jersey the only good towns are near the train station, the rest is a sea of burbs.
For Chicago’s factories to grow into Euclid,OH they would have to spread across the entire state of Indiana and half of Ohio. I think he meant Cleveland…
"buying a bag of milk"...
I went to two planning meetings for urban planning classes I took at university in my early 20s.  In one, a lady was complaining about a developer flooding her yard when he was doing site work for townhouses he was seeking approval for - which she had not brought up to him previously or told the board about previously.  The other one had an older guy upset that they were making his neighborhood a historic district - it was full of old mixed-use and industrial buildings, many of which sit empty and would benefit from the incentives for them to be rehabilitated and adaptively reused as a mix of offices, retail and housing.  I also went to one for my job where I was the youngest person in the room and the planning board was *horrified* that we were proposing a two-story garage with a studio featuring large windows above it on an alley that was historically home to several multi-story buildings, but it was legal under zoning and only required minor variances, so it was approved.  But they were upset about how many windows and privacy.  Well, if you want privacy, maybe you shouldn't live in a neighborhood like that one where the houses are literally less than 5 feet apart and already have many windows looking at neighboring houses and yards.  Plus, there's a whole thing where blinds, curtains, and trees that form visual screens exist for a reason.
Not sure about you, but a kitchen toilet would be be BASED.
shouting AMERICA!! while playing a fragment of a song by the Who.... from Brittain 😱
YES! We should all move to cities and be forced to pay high taxes with high crime and blame everything on wites lets goooooooooooooo
yoo im literally writing an essay ab this thanks for the academic articles <3 and congrats on the degree!! im also in cc but undergrad
Yo I have the same beanie
i love how it's actually 11 seconds longer than the joke says, which is just barely a subtle extra burn
Already subbed to Climate Town, NJB and City Beautiful, brother.
mister man with the realz
“Sepia times” 😂
Amazing Cross over! Made me realize I live so close to Euclid the home of Euclidean Zoning. Planning to check out the sign this weekend!
Here's how to sell it: It will increase your property value.  Here in Australia we don't have this problem at such a systemic level, we still have NIMBYs that fight it, but I recently bought my first home and I specifically wanted the suburban lifestyle (aka quiet, and with a yard for the new kid to run around in)  But one of the selling points to me (and clearly everyone else) was the fact the area has recently been rezoned to midrise. Meaning developers can come in and put 6 homes on your land if you want...  Units are obviously cheaper than detached houses, but still, in Aus everyone knows about that guy  that subdivided, or built townhouses on his land and made a huge profit.  Neighbours even get together and decide to sell their houses as one block at the same time in order to maximise developer appeal. That is a huge life decision being dictated by the potential profits that come the very thing you Americans seem so worried about: higher density housing.  We are talking about being more efficient, efficiency literally means getting more value from the same resource (land), which obviously equates to profit.  Best of all, its profiting from your land in an actually sustainable, intrinsic way; rather than relying on the next property bubble..
Good video
I came for population density.  Stayed for the bag of milk.
This was the most entertaining zoning video I have ever seen!
Homerun assessment of how zoning meetings go at City Council. Lots of high wealth unelected retirees making decisions, asserting they have the answers, and fighting any changes at all.
The cut on "the magic of edi - magic of editing" was *chef's kiss*
Great video! And yeah zoning meetings can get heated sometimes, dear god if someone suggests upzoning **my** neighborhood the world will clearly end for some people...
I want to state for the record that Jason didn't get it from us, we are completely blameless in this matter. The first time any of us here in the Netherlands heard of "bags of milk" was in his videos.
Forgot to leave a like earlier, leaving comment as penance
Let me tell you what a bag of milk was. As a 8 year old Bosnian kid, when your parents tell you to go to the store and get milk and cigarettes, it meant you get to ride your bike! Which is a hell yea. It also meant carrying a bag of milk in another plastic bag hanging off your bike handle, in which the tire of your bike slowly corroded the plastic bag and the milk bag by the time you got home, resulting in a half bag of milk
spectacularly fascinating video. thank you
Great video, but calling the US "America" sounds so ignorant.
Holy shit a bunch of people showing up to these old people dominated meetings and just causing havoc and making big changes sound fucking amazing
Yes new episode!
11:15 *highlights cul-de-sacs instead of culs-de-sac*
As a Greek, I don't know why I watched this … but it was infotaining!
This video was totally unfair to the noble rickshaw.
Funny how a guy advocating for sustainability can't see past his own prejudice for maximal packaged milk. I don't live in a place where "bagged milk is a thing", but I'd buy it if I did because it's better than stuffing landfills full of plastic jugs. Take off the blinders idiot.
I don't know if I agree or disagree with a lot of the stuff represented here as far as what should be but it's definitely entertaining. And informative
Been building homes and tracts in SoCal for 25 years.  Seems all we do now days is 3 story attached condos.
BEST DAY EVER LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!! Two of YT's best and I get 2 videos?! Get outta town brotherrrr.
bagged milk has the unique property of being able to be squished into weirdly shaped voids in a packed fridge
thank you thank you thank you
Thank you for pointing out that the point of redoing zoning isn't to eliminate detached single family homes. A lot of videos I watch similar to this one have a tone that seems openly hostile to anyone who dares not rent in an cramped urban center and wants to own a car. I like the idea of allowing more people to live in the kind of housing they want to; I just personally get anxiety if I'm in urban environments for too long.
I'm doing engagement
I see you're in Layden Rock Arvada, CO! My friend lives at the top of that neighborhood and he moved in there when it was built in 2017 from his 1919 Denver home that was a 5 min walk to just about everything. I absolutely hate where he lives now and I am a huge fan of city planning and NJB. It's really funny because I always knock his neighborhood for being super bad for anything but a car and you see that too! I've never seen your videos before but I am definitely about to go on a binge. New sub!
Bagged milk is an *excellent* solution for milk, you just need to think for 2 seconds about how to use it.  --Everyone who buys bagged milk that I talk to has a jug that holds the open bag such that it can be conveniently poured from.  Or you can just put it in a pitcher of milk that you keep in your fridge. --Bagged milk has an absolute minimum of packaging necessary to contain it.  A thin membrane that provides containment of the product.  I've yet to see milk sold in the kind of heavy duty plastic that's actually worth recycling and thus doesn't wind up in the landfill or incinerator one way or another.  Or would you rather we use glass bottles?  Sure they're reusable, but they get lost and glass has a very high energy cost to make. --What milk packaging have you seen that's stackable?  Everything I've seen comes to a point, or pretty close to it, which makes stacking difficult at best. --You actually can stack bagged milk - the bags that we used to have around here were, when full, about the size and shape of an average brick , with a little rounding on the edges.  Since there's no sharp corners to pierce the bag, you can stack the bags several bags deep before you start building up enough crushing power to burst the bottom one. --Since the packaging is so small, you're not spending anywhere near as much on the cost of the packaging.  Bag milk is usually a good 10 cents or more cheaper than any of the alternatives.  Bagged milk is excellent: convenient, economical, and the closest thing we have to an environmentally friendly packaging that I've seen applied to milk, simply by virtue of minimalism.
Not just Bikes brought me here! Awesome content ‘brother😁’
1:30 that's what she said
remember to support ag zoning even in urban areas.. you want quality food, and a majority doesn't need to come from too far away.  ag zoning or lack of makes it difficult for urban growers to install proper low tech pest management (fences) and creates a new type of interaction with your food. more section 8 housing EVERYWHERE! generational poverty is an obvious malicious tool; we can do better all around (and for pollinators!!!!)
Such a great video! I live in an R-8 area and I wish I could walk to more things. Having an ebike helps though!
Greetings fellow bugs of milks !
Folks in the EU get confused. Americans need to live in the suburbs so we don't get murdered, raped or robbed. Our cities have been destroyed.
Notice how your "racist" list of people who can't buy land excluded Jews from the list? That's because it was written by Jews. Yes, Jews were the ones who excluded other races from buying property in America. Read that again. Also, even if they were white, it is natural and historically normal for people of any nationality to exclude people of other nationalities from certain rights. That may come as a shock to you, but humans have been more altruistic towards their own culture and race for all of history as a survival trait. Stop fooling yourself into thinking racism is wrong. It's literally natural.
Yoooo i had bags of chocolate milk in school.
This was great! I’ve been spending a lot time thinking about Zoning a bunch and this video helps!
Holy shit. That end music is also used by a Vtuber clipper so I got REAL confused for a second.   Also, interesting shit. Love the video
Definitely on the climate side here, but you might want to talk to Tokyo residents about how happy they are with their living spaces before using Japan as a positive example.
Did he say his good friend "Eric Rosen" ran from the cops... like the chess youtuber Eric Rosen...? This can't be referring to that Eric Rosen
Nothing will stop climate change.  Nothing.
Greetings form northwest metro area of Mexico City. A trend in the right direction would be just to let a small percentage of singe family homes to house small business... I don't know, a mom and pop store, a small eatery, a trinket shop... The effect would just add up, and people would just note that there is a better way instead of R1 zoning...  You let me thinking... "40 minutes walking over here would be the distance to the nearest point out of the municipality where I live"... Nah, checked it, it would take almost an hour walking out of the municipality... After passing in front of 4 supermarkets, the municipal butchery, a couple dozen bulk grocery stores, three gyms, 4 schools, three gas stations, three industrial rubber stores, 6 pharmacies, and a suburban rail station. And I'm talking the most direct route.
The people in the comments may not know, but I know, that you know, that this video is about Aurora.
Overpopulation is the root cause of all our problems - economical, racial, political, shortage of natural resources, etc.
Boomers trying to protect their property values -_-
When your subscribed to 2 channels that have a cross over. 😅
"I'm aware of how DESTINY is gonna take its course, brother."  We're all gonna die. 🌞
I feel like America in linear-algebra terms: We figured out what a base is. Let's go on. Now we learned about orthonormal bases. Well let's just continue using the old ones since it has tradition.  It's that thing with the imperial units as well as the rules and regulations. Smh.  One might notice I just wrote an exam about linear-algebra.
BRO! Is that a cup from Boleslawiec? Pattern would suggest so.
Here in Chile we have something called "plan regulador" every municipality have it's own, and they regulate the maximun height of any building. There is no zoonig except for the urban, rural and industrial. And, every project has to pass the local regulation, so every municipality has the last word. That create bad problems too, for examples some municipalitys have expand the maximun height in the last years and we have some sectors of the city full of 20+ floors apartments. But in general terms i think it's a good design
A bag of milk is transported in reusable plastic boxes out of which you take said bags. In addition you have a special container for these milk bags. If I'm not mistaken, a plastic bag is not as environmentally harmful than a tetrapack because you only have a thin film of plastic instead of paper, aluminum foil, and plastic.
My two favourite "wow how did I not know how garbage this was" channels collide let's goooooo
Good video
NJB co production rocks!
As a former resident: Euclid, Ohio, decades later, is a racially mixed area with some industry and commercial activity relatively close to where homes are.
Euclid is outside Cleveland not Chicago.
Now all we need is a StrongTowns collab
In Qingdao China they sell bags of beer.
I live in Montreal, one of the rare cities in North America that has excelled at mix-used zoning. I have never owned or needed a car. I live within walking distance of 2 major grocery stores, a farmer's market, several smaller ethnic grocery stores, tons of shops and restaurants, several parks and the metro/subway line and multiple bus lines. I dont think I could live anywhere else in North America.
side note road guy rob is pretty informative on roads if your into that kind of thing
I'm ready to go to a zoning meeting!
I get 3 bags of milk per....bag of milk. Beat that zoning laws!
It’s funny that Montréal is forgotten when people say North America.  Because the zoning issue isn’t that bad here. The density of most of neighborhoods here is pretty high
Definitely walkable neighbourhoods are better.  Its also important the older one gets, after my elderly mom lost her ability to drive, even though she was maybe a 30min walk from shopping, banking etc, it was too much for her.   European cities are ahead in this regard but obviously it is centuries of development. So if one lives in Prague for instance, there are often grocers, fruit and vegetable shops, liquor stores within walking distance.  Just a little bit of walking (even an hour daily) is much better for our health.  I lived in Tokyo one of the densest cities (and the largest urban agglomeration in the world) and yet one is often within a 20min walk from a subway station and around each station you have all your necessary shopping and services.   It would be great if you could do something on the Danish concept of co-housing (which they came up with in the 70s) and it has spread to north america as well.  I live in Vancouver and there are a handful of co-housing projects built fairly recently.  It addresses the density issue and often makes for better living (you might have communal spaces, workshops, dining areas, etc all the while maintaining your privacy)  Not necessarily for everyone, but considering seniors knocking about in a huge empty house - it might provide for some daily social engagement, and kids may actually get out and play with others rather than being socially isolated (even more a problem these days with smartphones etc).   The trend has been to build bigger houses while the average family size has decreased.  There is more interest in building luxury condos as that's where the money is, rather than rental or co-op housing.
Most Americans are too #@!$%&^ fat and lazy to walk anywhere.  Another problem is that large corporations will own all the new developments, so you will be spending all your time working to earn enough money to pay rent to make the shareholders wealthy.  You won't own anything, and the people that own your residence see you as nothing more than a revenue source. We're screwed either way.
"More Fulfilling Way" according to who...you?  I happen to like a lack of storage people walking around where I live.
Great video!
The host looks like a cross between Norm MacDonald and Burton Cummings. 🙂
You guys are the best, I love both your channels. Yes, I have consumed milk from a bag, Go Canada! I have lived in Germany and I miss walking and biking everywhere now that I am back in British Columbia, Canada. I love that Germans have been walking their recycling down to the corner and sorting into, green, brown and white glass, aluminum, plastic, paper, cardboard, and organics since the 1990's which is when they incentivized solar installations.
Man america is stupid. I hate suburbs, there's barely anybody near me to talk to. The sky is gloomy, the houses cost too much, etc. Cities are better
No.  Lots of people enjoy single family homes.  Often, they elect local boards to zone their towns to enforce this.
Yooooo I'm in Denver
Actually the best content on YouTube.  Excuse me while I look up the next zoning meeting in my city.
Bags of milk. 🇨🇦 🍁 🇨🇦 🍁 🇨🇦
Climate Change since.....well the formation of the planet.   How about a story to show what the effect of nuclear bomb tests did to ehem...climate change? How does that compare to pollution from the automobile?
Most future home developments look like disused farmland.  You want a less retarded solution to climate change? Pay the farmers to just plant cover crops in those disused fields. Cost like $1/acre and uses this high technology known as seeds.
7:13 is that the Jefferson county court building?
Bagged milk is actually better environmentally.  Milk bags are the most environmentally friendly form of milk packaging there is, according to a new study by a chemistry professor from Dalhousie University. ... Compared to jugs and cartons, bags use 20 to 30 per cent less energy, and produce 20 to 40 per cent fewer greenhouse gases.
Some feedback. Any of the jokes that required any sort of editing don’t need to be there. You talk about how the vid is so long but then draw it out with “joke edits”
...... I can see you put alot of thought and time into this. But your degree is worthless and your thought process is very flawed. Tell me sir what power source do you prefer? Solar? What do you do with the burned out non recyclable parts? You must prefer nuclear Power like Chernobyl or Fukushima. That worked out just great. And if you put real thought into what you studied you would have asked the question can you explain why there are fish found in the desert.obvisley the climate is forever changing but nobody is going to pay a school $90,000+ to be told that
Cul-de-sac means something completely different in French. And it's not a bag of milk.
your memes were top notch today, sir
13:55 is 100% london ON, right NotJustBikes?
Culs-de-sac... I don't like you now… I know you didn't come up with that, but you're the one that told me, so I don't like you..(bags of milk are considerably worse though, so you still get a pass ;p)
stache looking sexy, Climate Zaddy. thanks for educating me :^)
How is all that high-rise apartment building working out in Chicago, I think they called the slums
I highly recommend watching the documentary: The End of Suburbia: Oil Depletion and the Collapse of the American Dream (2004)  Sadly, it might be a long time yet before urban planning in North America takes steps in the right direction towards densification and multi-function communities that provide residential, service, and jobs in the same area. By then, people who live in these areas will be stuck with worthless properties, not so different from folks back in Detroit / Flint.
Hulk Hogan... The snitch that back stabbed Unionizing attempts by professional wrestlers in the United States to get better wages and health benefits for an extremely dangerous profession.
Bag of milk brigade, sound off! lol
You put the milk bag into a pitcher, then cut off the top corner of the bag and pour it through that hole. They are very convenient AND you can see your milk before you even open the bag! Best way to contain milk.
i didn't finish watching this video because the jump cut video editing is fucking horrid. YOu want city planning... fucking birth control.
1:31 you got the run time wrong by 10 seconds, therefore single family zoning is good and you are a communist. 😁
Great video! And good to see that you’re still at it!
Bags of milk are *_NOT_* the single family housing of milk storage.  Bags of milk use less material to contain the milk, which means less waste generated for landfills. This is because paper cartons are nearly unrecyclable in most recycling facilities.  To prevent spillage, you put the milk bag in a pitcher and clip the opening shut. Meaning, you have a reusable milk container combined with a negligible disposable plastic lining.  Bags of milk are the mid-rises of the dairy world.
Bro you are NOT my parents
I actually live in Phoenix but I live in one of those fancy Single Family homes. Let me tell you, the Phoenix Metropolitan Area sucks. Way too sparse even if I managed to find a place to live in the multi-family homes I would still need my own car just to go to the grocery store. Some cities are abysmal for the environment and sadly because of how humanity is, we will be stuck with this messed up way of living. At least for older cities.  After watching the video I did not know there was actually a chance it could change! This is why I absolutely love your channel. Going to do some of that. Would love to live without a car. I rarely drive now anyway only to go get groceries.
I'm one of the old people you speak of.  For those of us who own a single family dwelling in an R1 zone, we are concerned about our property value.  For people to come along after we have lived in  a home and neighborhood for decades and insist on developments that reduce our value is tough to for us to support.  Sure, I want to be a get along guy, and I would love to have diverse neighbors, but ignoring what zoning changes mean to my bottom line is disingenuous.  You skipped that fact in this video and made it seem like long time residents are racist, lack vision, and are selfish for no reason.  We bought our homes and properties under a set of rules, and changing the rules after we have sunk our life savings into our homes seems unfair to us.  However, if you could show that we either: gain value, gain a value equivalence (e.g., in convenience), or at least we don't lose value, then that is an argument that will gain broad support.  Your video argues for all those who are not already invested in a neighborhood.  Should they have more of a say than those completely invested?  I hope not.
I was the youth representative in my small town for most of a decade. One of the strangest things was that a guy had a wood boiler grandfathered in, but the smoke was basically killing his neighbor. (She was an absolute idiot, thinking that mold in the elementary school caused her lung issues and not the vast amounts of smoke coming in from her neighbor's yard. She was transferred to the high school and was adamant that the issue was with the school.)  But it certainly is true that the only people who show up seem to be those who want to take advantage of the system and ignore how their suggestions can impact others. A recurring theme was people violating the rules purposefully, then being like, "I'm the only one at the meeting, so just let me do it."
Euclid, OH is east of Cleveland. Chicago is west of Indiana. I think the narrator meant to say Cleveland and not Chicago, unless it was Chicago businesses desiring to develop in the Cleveland area. I'm a little confused, but not so much that I don't realize the distance includes an entire unmentioned state.
Lol, this guy doesnt know how to use a bag of milk. /s
fKn hell bro, I lost it at "agic of editing". masterful, holy shit. I burst out laughing
I’ve never been more radicalized
Next Episode: The biggest scourge to our climate: Bagged milk
I know the suburb is terrible for the environment but economically it doesn’t make sense for my family to be in a more environmental friendly home. :(
Excellent, excellent, and excellent collaboration. Love the dose of memes which help me swallow the dystopian visions and actions of American and other greedy and racist people all over the world. I love all three channels - Climate Town, Not Just Bikes, and City Beautiful.
Personally, I want to buy an affordable townhome. Single-family zoning is too expensive and exclusionary.
We moved into a walkable neighborhood and LOVE IT. We are in Louisville, Kentucky and these areas are hard to find. We moved in 3 years ago not realizing how this would change our lives. Sidewalks for walking, riding bikes, walking the dog, and walking to the stores/ restaurants/  banks/ gas stations. We got one of the smaller homes in the neighborhood.
11:16 Cul de sacs vs clus de sac Both are fine, pick your poison.
You had me at let's go to a zoning meeting.
Love the Collab and all BUT please decrease the amount of comedic breaks you have .... There's just too many pop culture references / bag of milk searches per minute. I like content mixed with small comedic breaks not comedic breaks mixed with content... Thanks!
How many classrooms across the country are now unable to show this video because it counts as CRT?  Hoo boy.
A 20 minute video is totally fine my guy. The kind of people who are clicking on this video will watch you talk for 40 minutes about climate stuff
In the UK people want a detached house. But we build them smaller than in the US and as houses of brick. Not huge wooden sheds. People don't live in apartments from choice but from economic necessity.
15:48 Eric Rosen? like... the chess player??
I really hope these videos inspire TONS of people like me to get involved with this shit. American culture feels barren and dead, and I wholeheartedly believe that zoning and our living situations have a huge part to play in that.
Dear Climate Town:  You grew up in the suburbs...go live in a large Northeastern city for a year and get back to me.......
Milk bags go into a jug so you can pour it. This might use less plastic in the long run? This is only a thing in (most of?) eastern Canada. Freaky as f*ck.
-been waiting for a good summarizing video on this topic, getting in as many reasons as possible why American zoning is so horrible -also recently been binge watching not just bikes -however that picture you googled is not what bagged milk is, makes it look like if you can't get that right what else might be misinformed, to some people -keep up the good work
I disagree that single family zones are the issue (btw im American).    Neighborhoods and homes need to be better designed.
Here from NJB and I am sticking around. Great collab
Keep going my guy! Btw any advice on how to emotionally manage climate grief?
murica sucks
I'm just waiting for you to do a video on crypto
15:15 that editing was perfectly screwed up. Thank you
Amazing video, keep up the great work! This video serves another 1 or 6 million views. Hopefully this channel will get there one day soon. Great content, great editing, great comedy... I can't wait for the next one :D
I'm sorry is your friend Eric Rosen the chess content creator??
Another absolute banger by climate Burt Reynolds. Keep it up, love the videos
You will own nothing and be happy.
Bags of milk use less material (plastic, paper, glue, paint, etc) than bottles or cartons
Oh! Another suggestion for those meetings of geriatrics, remind them that walkable cities are good for them, too! How are they gonna get around when they can no longer safely drive?
BLM
As a policy dork, thank you for explaining the (un)intended consequences of zoning policy. Go to a zoning meeting, I will.
bruh
bruh
I apparently have an unhealthy enthusiasm for this channel. 🥰
let's clog up zoning meetings with excessive city traffic #freedomconvoy2023
This is weird to watch living in downtown Golden lol
Step 1: Use less wood to build houses.
His snappy humour is as good as the cause he advocates
It's OK honey, we love it long!
High density housing might be great for the planet, but it's depressing as hell to come home to a little box on the 8th fl, with no yard, a sad little yelper dog, and a cat that wants to jump out the window as much as you do.  The solution is to stop the never ending human population expansion to death. (Yes, I'm aware that this isn't a real solution). But if the population keeps exponentially expanding, we're all good as dead anyways.
The plural of cul de sac says cul de sacs in the google response.
BASED AS HELL
Millennials could afford single-family homes if they didn't waste all their money on bags of milk.
I have no idea how I've ended up here being from east Europe but I like it and I regret I can't go to a  zoning meeting :/
Glad some cities are updating old zoning laws [16:40]
No entiendo una sola palabra de lo que dices pero siempre miro tus videos porque tu bigote es so Amazing.
One thing that confuses me is that for example a normal French city like dijon never has air quality over moderate and Paris has poor air quality so how the hell does a city that is mostly walkable have bad air quality and any American town does not? Like it’s an actual problem in Europe the cities sometimes have streets that block cars and it has bad air pollution idk and I couldn’t find any solid reason why all I found is that it’s beyond EU standards I’d love to know why this is because it’s honestly confusing
Culs-de-sac is actually the French word for orchiectomy
That was a risky move, getting that close to those geese. 😂
I'm watching the ads for you. Hope it helps.
I dont appreciate the bagged milk slander
First time viewer, this channel reminds me of Some More News for some...weird.....reason.
Bags of milk stack lol They come perfectly sized to fit in milk crates. Cartons of milk don't stack either, hence the crates.  You're a funny guy, subscribed.
My momma always said that the couple that attends city zoning meetings together, stays together.
One thing that I find to be a glimmer of hope for redeveloping sub-urban sprawl, is that there are a ton of suburbs that despite all the dumb rules about how close houses can be, have homes that are only about 20 feet from each other, and as such, the plots of land are spaced in such a way that if they were to rebuild into city blocks, it would become a walkable city space in an actual capacity without having to repave most of the roads
Gallon-for-gallon, compared with jugs or cartons, milk bags consume only about 20-30% of the energy, use about 2% (compared to cartons) to 40% (compared to jugs) as much water, and produce only 20-40% of the greenhouse gases.
Rezone all america to reflect the times today slightly less racist.
This makes me want to invest in single family rentals.
aahahahah the "self referential humour" gag at 14:38 <3
My god he's done it again
aahahahah the "self referential humour" gag at 14:38 <3
Hell yeah brother. My biggest peeve with these houses are that they don't block outside noises well enough.
I love how the mixed zoning example was pretty much SoDoSoPa from South Park.
You and your brother Jason make great videos. Thanks. Good luck to you guys from Oz. (Australia) The home of Climate Change - no fires in the western Sydney area this year, we have La Niña instead. So 4 winters this year and LOTS of rain. And floods. At least we don't have milk in bags. Probably soon though - thanks for that.
New Climate Town always makes my day.
No one wants to live in cities. High crime, high taxes and tiny living space.  I love my suburban home.  No thanks.  The best thing to do is move outside of the city limits and pay only county taxes.
I love the way you present the facts of the American experience, with humor and sarcasm.  Keep making more videos.
Hulk Hogan is kind of an awful racist weirdo, brother.
Thank you!
Me: a Not Just Bikes subscriber Also me: a Kamui “Average Pool Player” fan  Also me: has no idea about Rollie’s Climate Town = Me freaking the hell out when the pool shot guy was talking about suburbs (and did an amazing job talking about said suburbs)  Good on you Rollie, keep up your renaissance man direction
Big ups to you sir! Heard you in q with Tom Power the other day on CBC and NJB is one of my favourite's from hometown (fake) London -- keep up the Canadian collabs!
Here's something else 2 know: cul de sac literally translates to "bag's ass" (or butt, wutever floats ur goat).
Now I see why such a long time releasing this video... All that time editing the *magic of editing* clip  Also leave the bags of milk alone, eh
Please don't include Hulk Hogan in your videos EVER again! His oily tanned body puts me off my feed.
Crazy to see all this Colorado locations.  Are you normally from Colorado?
_Man_ , now *this* is KAHN, tent  Keep it up Rollie!
Thank you.
I thought the solution the government was working on was just letting that 100 million die of Covid.....
5:51 "IT'S BEEN" is an inside joke with my friends, so I nearly choked to death at this
Always up for more anti suburb/car dependency content
This dude for sure listens to City and Colour
Glad I found your channel via NJB’s video. Funny and educational… hard to find those too combined. Great getting here!
Found this channel from the Not Just Bikes mashup and love it. Subscribed.
1:30 My wife said that to me😔🥺
I sincerely hope the world improves and we don't need your help anymore... but in the meantime while we're living in a planetary pile of flaming dog droppings, I love to hear the bad news from you. Keep the good stuff coming!
When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way...
Cul de sac means ass of a bag You're welcome
Can't get over how much Belmar looks like a British town.
Well your collab with Not Just Bikes worked. I'm here and Subscribed.  I personally am a fan of the casual swearing. 10/10
9:01 that house price though. If that's from 1934, inflaton adjusted it's $100k, $20k cash, $570 per month, which means you'd pay it off in less than 12 years
Great stuff, as usual!  Hopefully this video will galvanize people to look into just why the hell milk is in bags.😂 And also, you know, the zoning stuff as well.
Luckily these houses are very flammable.
Most nice video I've seen today. The amount of work really shows
Fantastic intro and editing throughout.
The Villa Italia story XD They knocked down a mall and made what the pioneer of malls wanted them to be. Progress has been made!
The State of Oregon is one of my favorite cities.
Good vid Climate Guy, this is  one of my favorite channels - real important topics made palatable with good humor.
But really, don't like them in an unhealthy way.
CLT represent! (yes we pronounce it clit)
Rollie, you say “Black” the stereotypical way white people say black, all drawn out and nasally with baked in disdain from years of quietly indoctrinated prejudice. Just say it short and normally.
Great video and a comment for the algorithm :)
its nice (I guess) to hear that we werent the only ones shooting each other with bb guns. sucks that I actually did go blind
Good quality shit right here
So because there was historic racism, suburbs are bad and racist. And everyone should live in boxes like in Japanese urban zones, because this is so much better for the environment than living in a nice big family house in the suburbs. Right...
Always entertaining
The Return of the King
bags of milk are a thing in Ontario Canada (and maybe Quebec too); and in my personal experience, in India and Russia also. (it used to be a thing in Russia when i was there for college, that was more than 10 years ago)
Honestly. I think bag of milk are actually more efficient. So, a bag of milk is flexible. More flexible than a bottle at least. So, you don't lose as much space. When your plastic rack is now on a similar height as the rack, you can very efficiently use the space. Since bags also need less material, the end product is cheaper. I guess that is the main driver and the reason why this is very common in developing countries. Bag of water, milk etc.
So tired of these cars suck videos.
wait its the pool guy from kamui brand
Bags of milk are actually the most environmentally friendly way of packing milk. They use 20-30% less energy and produce 20-40% less greenhouse gasses according to research done at Dalhousie University. Also no on just pours milk out of the bag, we usually put it in a reusable container.
forcing companies to only build one kind of property is quite un-american, shouldn't we let the private companies build what they want and let the market guide us towards the most efficient cities? Go to the meeting to say R1 zoning smells like communism and see their reaction
Glad y'all did the collab. Keep up the great work.
13:48 "Buying a bag of milk" he has said this twice, is this a normal saying? Edit: Lol he thought of that too Does he actually mean bag of milk? he said this in another video too but im not sure if he is serious.
This video was so great!! Well done :)
I would assume you live in a single room apartment and don't own a car (Teslas don't count)?
What if Mother Nature had her grip on the power cord of this absurdity, combined with the energy industry unable to pencil out much of any investment in energy projects that will keep this epic investment in the unsustainable functioning?
13:49 Buying a WHAT??? A bag of milk?? a BAG??
Another banger. Keep it up! Going to subscribe to all the channels you suggested.
As of 18h06 eastern time  6,6k Views 7,1 Likes  🤯
I never knew this dude was from CO yet alone Denver! This was filmed right in my backyard.
SCREAM IT FROM THE ROOFTOPS!
And with the invention of the automobile, everything was ruined.
it's amazing how an entirely lifestyle of a country comes from racism.
always a treat to take a trip to climate town.    & congrats graduate!
I absolutely love zoning and it's such an interesting topic, I cannot believe I live in Colorado and didnt know we had an area with mixed zone housing. I'll have to take a trip up there!
You were going to talk about nuclear power in Not Just Bikes video before he rudely cut you off! Would love to see that video here? As far as I can tell it's extremely clean but just has a bad rep because of Chernobyl!
20:58 nearly brought a tear to my eye there
I am confused 11:08 Climate Town said that plurar of *cul de sac* is *culs de sac* 11:16 but when Not Just Bikes googled it, it shows *cul de sacs* as plurar!!! it was even higlighted!!!!
Quickest 20 minutes of my life.
Good work 👏
6 k likes and 5.4 k views???  YT why are your algorithms so wrong????
intro too long! 3 minutes?!
I'd say this channel needs more exposure but this video has a little too much.
Help I'm stuck in a loop and can't escape climate knowledge and dunking on North American city design
Was just debating this with a coworker, I lived in Chicago and commuted close to 4 hours a day in total in traffic.  But couldn't you have taken a train??? Ya sure first I'll take a cab or Uber or bike 10 minutes to then get on the L and then take that to the loop, then I'll get off and walk 10 minutes between the CTA operated L to a Metra train to the suburbs where I'll get off the train then wait for a bus that takes me maybe 2 miles from the office so then I'll walk again.  Surely that's gotta take less time.  NOPE that's a 3 hour event it.  Now keep in mind I worked 25 miles from home and Chicago is dead flat like no elevation if there was a bike path instead of the Edens it would be a faster bike ride than a commute.
Hilarious. Great title.
When he said bag of milk I almost unsubbed
I know it’s not the point of the video, but we put the milk bag in a reusable jug! My parents have used the same jug for over 30 years. The bags are recycled in most communities or reused for other purposes. Also I don’t know where you found that image with the twist tie but that ain’t what they look like 🙃
One of my cousins neighborhoods was built requiring no single family homes, but everyone and their mother (including me) likes living in a detached single family home. The developer's solution was to make detached homes with sheds that are connected to their neighbors shed which under this neighborhood's rules is technically a duplex. When rules forbid something everyone wants loopholes will be found to get around it.
Found this channel through NJB. Subbed!
Rollie mate, aren’t you also a pretty decent pool player?
Bruh imagine living in a city and not seeing a single bussiness after 40 minutes of walking
I'm gay and I'm restoring my foreskin.
And with the known "quality" of house construction in the US using wood and cardboard I even wonder why the "richest" nation on Earth have such crap housing...In Europe an average American suburbia house is considered temporary housing or a bungalow...Here we use tiles, blocks and concrete when building a house...!
I feel the last shot of you editing the video is over exposed. You look like a bag of milk But also, great video :) I'm curious now what our zoning laws are like in Australia since we end up having similar problems to the US, just delayed by a few years.
I hate these goddamn hellholes. That’s why I moved Europe to have a better life for my children.
As a Londoner I gain some sick pleasure from watching these videos about American sprawl.
Every time I’ve lived with shared walls, bugs, rodents, and lousy neighbors have been a blight on my life. Can’t make me feel bad about wanting a single family home when all you can find anywhere is rentals owned by property hoarders and slumlords
We could do the right thing now, but let's wait a few more decades.  We are not doomed enough yet.
I subscribed because you said it like it is about bagged milk
These are some of the issues I see with this solution in America  1. Price per sq ft. is typically to high where owning a single family detached home makes more sense. I can buy a house in the bay area for the same price as I can rent an apartment, why would I ever rent when it makes more sense to own. Unless you figure a way to make it affordable and keep it that way, capitalism will win keeping cost high. Potential solution would be to cap the cost of rent 45% below the median price mortgage for a home in that area. Meaning, if I'm renting a 3bed 2bath apartment and the median price to own is $4000 a month, then rent cannot be higher than $1800. Capitalism will win and this is not feasible for them to do. 2. Limited parking discouraging anyone to ever visit you. I'd like to have friends and family visit me at my place. Open spots are typically occupied by other B-Hole neighbors with 12 cars. If parking goes unassigned, then you will be lucky to find a secure spot at all. 3. Parking that is available, is so compact, anyone with a sedan or bigger vehicle will most certainly get dings and dents. They make the spots so tiny that you can barely get in and out of your vehicle without swinging the door into someone else. 4. Sound proofing is almost non-existent. Meaning you get kids running around the hallways screaming and you can hear it through your door. Find a way in which I can have a loud stereo in my house and my neighbor next-door can't hear it what so ever. 5. Nearly all HOA's or Apartments almost never maintain the property or enforce any code violations. Any vegetation that is planted is an after thought. They plan things in hot climates that shouldn't be there that end up dieing. Those dead plants are never replaced. Noisey neighbors, kids that go around vandalizing private property, neighbors who don't pick up after their pets, cars that are parked and never moved. If they decide to do anything, it's a fine, but nothing is done with repeat offenders. HOA's or Property Mangement are never held accountable for NOT doing what they should be doing. 6. Moving into a building that is on a 4+ story apartment/condo is tiring and can be costly if you pay someone to move you  7. Driving around these area's is also a pain. Typically 1 or 2 lanes in each direction, making it impossible for me to leave the area. People who live there, typically work away from there, creating congestion. A solution to this would have city/state governments provide incentives to stay at home and work. 8. You are typically limited 1 ISP provider, meaning that you cannot downgrade to another provider to save money if needed, or if you are not happy with the provider you have you cannot leave. And again, if capitalism has it's way, you can be charged whatever they'd like because you need it and only have 1 option. 9. I have 2 big dogs, almost all of these spots do not allow animal's over a certain weight and/or breed. I wouldn't be allowed to move into these spots with this restriction. Sorry, but they are family and I'm not going to get rid of them. there are opinions about big dogs in small spaces, but when you are an active person who works from home, this isn't an issue. You regularly give them exercise. If it's about damage, I've seen cats do some shady stuff. If it's about noise, any sized/breed of dog, can bark all day if they are not trained. Basically, it's easier to deal with the animal then the owner of that animal. 10. Security is also another after-thought. I don't care if you live in a well established area or not, nothing is done about protecting private property. Camera's installed typically never work or allow you to have access to footage. If you park your car, you are gambling that it will be there or not broken into. I expect that whatever security that is put into place to protect my stuff at all times of the day. You get lazy security guards who never patrol, that claim no responsibility for property damage, why have them there anyway.     I am not really against the idea of high density or mixed use land. However, the way it's developed/maintained is done poorly. It's done in a manner that benefits only the developer because they make the most off of this. May of the issues I presented can be had with single family homes too, but these mostly happen in HDR area's.
I let out an audible gasp when you said “not just bikes” I’m so hype let’s goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I think a lot of it is, unfortunately, classism. Like a school district inside a city won't be able to keep up with the new kids that move in during a population surge. Funding and land are so hard to come by that schools just build trailers to pack in the new kids. Then there's the subject of redistricting... If you are already wealthy enough to own a house, the easiest way to ensure you're surrounded by people of your own socio-economic status is to stop new apartments from coming up.
I think what would help people become more accepting with this is to shove em on a plane to some European cities or honestly, even Mexican or some South American cities/pueblos.   I visited Mexico last year and I really liked how I could walk 1-3 min out and buy the needs I needed. It's not depressing and time consuming like needing to drive 15-20 min round trip to get to my nearest stores.
Two climate town videos in the same day! 🙌🏽
I honestly mostly hate the suburbs. Such a hugely poor use of land! Very good video!
Canadian here. The bags of milk are used in conjunction with a re-useable milk jug that holds the bag upright while its in the fridge. The upper corner is cut allowing the milk to be easily poured with the jug. Once a bag is empty you switch out for a new one, the bags come sealed so you can store them on their sides. This means less plastic is used than a big jug (cartons are probably still better for the environment) and it takes up less space.
BROTHER
But don't forget to pee in the shower and switch that light off, it's important.
Commenting for the algorithm and because your videos are always the highest quality. Love you long time, keep up the good work dude
This video was recommended to me today. It's completely different from what I tend to watch. However, YT was absolutely right to recommend it to me because I found it fascinating and learnt a lot for myself. Thank you for making it.
Masterpiece. Thank you. Sharing. !
DUDE I forgot this channel existed I was SO happy to see another video, it's equal parts hilarious and depressing! Also, did Not Just Bikes say bag of milk..? dammit I commented to soon.
When you said it was long I misread and thought it was 2 hours. I got super hyped then realized it was only 20 minutes. I would let you name my first born child if you released a 2 hour video. Pinkie promise.
I have given up on owning/driving a car a couple of years ago and at this point living in an area where driving is basically an absolute must seems insane to me.   Even though I live a low density area just outside the city, it's nothing like having to take the car to do even basic shopping. I've got two mini markets within a 10-12 minute walk and two small shops that are even closer. The bus stop is a few minutes walk away and the nearest subway station is about 10 minutes away by bus. There's a subway station under construction that's even closer. Between this and the fact I can get anything delivered to my door, including groceries if I don't feel like doing them myself, and for nights out I can always get Uber (or other local equivalents), I really don't see myself getting another car any time soon. The expense of owning and maintaining a car just doesn't seem worth it anymore.  Plus working from home has really taken off in my industry and I doubt the days of 5 day mandatory office attendance will ever come back. That's probably a topic onto itself. There are plenty of domains where working from home has proven to be not only feasible, but even beneficial. People don't waste time commuting every day, companies can afford to have smaller offices, this in turn means fewer emissions associated with getting people to and from work or with heating and electricity for oversized office spaces.  The only downside for me is that, unfortunately, unlike in other places in Europe it's not very cycling friendly around here. If that were to change, I wouldn't even need the bus to travel into the city.
I too find Kerdashians annoying to watch
So cool learning about my town! I had no idea that Belmar was previously a shopping mall called villa italia, crazy!
I wish this actually was 48 minutes. Or more. Pure gold🥇
You know a video is good when it has 5.6k views but 6.5k likes. I mean real quality work brother.
Absolute legend. One of my favorite channels on the god forsaken website
Is he the snooker guy?
Classism is just an improved version of racism. You don't just get rid of all the Black, Asian and Latino people, but on top of that also the poor White people. Awesome. Also: Detached housing leaks energy in 5 directions. There is also a roof.
Could a plastic bag be an environmentally friendly way to package milk compared to hard plastic jugs or tetra paks?
waheyyy a fellow denverite who fucking hates how this city is built
I’m gonna agree with you there Climate Town. One of the VERY few great throngs about America is the way the milk jugs are designed. They’re very space efficient and have a built in handle for ease of use, and the big or “normal” sized ones are usually a perfect gallon, which is not only perfect for measuring, it’s also guarantees that the average family gets at least a few bowls of cereal before they have to get another jug. Also, unlike housing, there’s also like, several other choices if you’re not the average family and don’t need that much milk, like the smaller pint size ones or even single bottles if you just want a drink of milk. They’re not perfect but they’re pretty great imo.
He highlights the wrong bit on the culs-de-sac part
I agree, bagged milk is an abomination.
Even your video was more carbon intensive to film than then one NJB made. Thanks suburban hell.
It's not a Not Just Bikes appearance if he doesn't mention bags of milk
Most city councils have a website that people only ever use to pay their bills. Fun fact: a lot of these websites have open public engagement sections to get feedback on upcoming projects and changes they want to implement. Town planners generally aren't dumb and recognise the need to loosen housing regulation and the only thing stopping them is backlash from nimbys, who are generally the only group of people that get involved with council engagement. Look around the website for your city. If they list their projects and have a means to give feedback, find something that will make your city a better place and lend a positive voice. It helps more than you might expect! Lack of community support is usually the only thing holding a city back from making some major improvements.
Bag of milk!?!! The horror! Was Jason aware of this joke beforehand? (Also, I would argue thatt it has always been classicism steering and fueling racism and not the other way around, but the debate on that is still underway).
I just got an ad from the state of Israel calling amnesty internationals report biased and antisemitic on this video, absolutely wild
As an architecture student, the existence of the suburbs in their current form is probably my biggest pet peeve... Which is a really frustrating one to have because it's so much of America
Ya came to film in Denver and ya didn’t hit me up, smh
I've lived in Boston..NYC.. most of my life.when I go to Alabama,where I'm from..I get sick of sitting in cars after 2days
Finally, a collab between a great climate channel that somehow makes sad things about the world funny and the channel that manages to make an utterly un-nationalistic person feel a bit nationalistic about being dutch
Thank you so much!!!!
How timely. Just this morning I had my application to build a greenhouse rejected because city ordinances prevent me from building another strucutre in my front yard.
Hey thanks brother
Thank you Rollie for not showing your nipples this time but instead showing Hulk Hogan's, wow.
Seattle needs this soooooooooo much
NEW CLIMATE TOWN VIDEO LETS GOOOOOOOO
@ Al Gore.. 20:33 back when "I have not tried marihuana..." was a huge scandal.
Ahh yes, Chicago Ohio, well known for deep dish chili, or something. Great video otherwise guys!
been there, owned a house for some years and I can tell you how much it is insane the amount of material resource being wasted for single family houses! it's just a cultural scam to sell more shit and keep building useless decors to self-centered people.
Thanks for making this video. It's so hard to talk to people about zoning, but it is key to addressing the housing crisis and traffic monster we live in.
This man literally be filming in my neighborhood lol
I know the information is important but I'm spending the whole video trying to figure out which Colorado suburb you're filming in.
Engaging with content, also how do people look at American suburbs and think "yeah human beings can actually live here"?
hallo its Europa calling. glad to se that the US are finaly getting in to its teen years and becoming selfaware  ;)
As I am subscribed to both Not Just Bikes and City Beautiful, after you made a colab with one and mentioned the other, I feel obligated to subscribe to yours! Great video btw, I really liked the editing too
Hi! I think a lot of Americans dont actually understand the meaning of "Sozialism"...and they hardly experience it. Its the curse of being isolated and not having the time and money to go see other cultures...makes me sad...
I go grocery shopping 5 times a week, but some weeks it can be 7 times.  Basically every day I buy fresh stuff.  It doesn't feel like a chore , it takes 5-15 minute  a day.  I have two basic options:   walk 300m to a small mall in my neighbourhood with choice of 2 supermarkets, 1 discounter and 1 premium.  Or stop at any of the 5 supermarkets that are between me and my work, a 7 mile (11 km) ride.  Those 5 are only those directly at my route, if I vary my route slightly I can get to at least 5 more.  One of these  , that requires a little detour is  a huge one (for Dutch standards, probably medium sized elsewhere) , and I go there   about once a week when I fancy some obscure food stuffs they don't carry in most normal sized stores.  For stuff like IKEA, hardware stores, electronics, sports equipment , we actually have some USA style  malls with parking lots, usually at the corner of cities.  But we also have those in the downtown areas, it varies a bit based on the history of the city
Zoning in America - born in racism, pushed by dirty companies and now also makes the climate problem worse… oh Baby a tripple!
Good old racism, anything it have NOT ruined? :/
Now if only Government officials would watch this and act. Great content!
11:11 Did anyone point out that cul-de-sacs is the plural, not culs-de-sac? Like it correctly says in 11:16?
If your future videos are also this funny while being interesting, I remain subscribed. (I just subbed)
Just here to remind people Houston is a design dumpster fire on land so shit it WAS the capital and is not now because it's a swamp.  Now it's an overcrowded swamp that floods worse every year
Ohio wanted to stop “Chicago” from expanding into it? I knew Chicago was big but I didn’t know it was that big.
This video was better that a fresh bag of milk, brother!
Another fantastic video!
Bag of milk usually costs less than pack of milk. Sometimes large quantities needed for baking, sometimes people save on packaging and transfer milk to reusable containers afterwards.
Not everyone wants to be a slave in a box. High density politicians suck so there is always more crime in big cities.
As a Canadian transplant in the US, I feel the need to inform any and all that bagged milk is the superior way to get milk. Not so heavy, don't get the crusty weird stuff on the exit, and you can throw the extra bags in the freezer if you bought too much. On top of all that, if you consider that the giant jugs often don't get recycled effectively (even if you throw them in the recycling bin), the bags have a lower plastic impact! You should give bagged milk a try!
What do you think about studies that say higher density causes mental ills city's are famous for
Came here from Not Just Bikes. First thought, "Oh that has to be Colorado." Denver and Golden landmarks clinched it. But when you mentioned Villa Italia I thought, "Subscribe to this guy!" That was THE place to hang in the mid-80s (I'm old). On mixed use... I was one of the first tenants in the live-work lofts up in Bradburn Village in Broomfield/Westminster back in 2004. I wish that place had been more successful, but they made a lot of poor choices. I eventually sold my loft (we had a training center in the bottom floor and had our house on the 2nd and 3rd floors). In Seattle now, but I still hope that other places like Belmar, etc. take off. Thing is, most folks still have to drive to get to them.
Awesome
California recently enacted a law that allows home owners to replace their single family home with a duplex or to split their lot into two lots in order to add an additional house. However, the NIMBYs are now writing an initiative to be put on the 2022 ballot to repeal this law. It will be a big battle between the NIMBYs and the YIMBYs.
this video quenched my thirst for knowledge quicker than a 1 liter bag of nesquik
My American brain thanks you. I always forget they drink milk from a bag.
We have milk in bags as an option besides tetrapak. There's jugs made that the milk bag fits in nicely. You put the bag in the jug and snip a corner off the bag that then acts as a spout. Surprisingly no spill issues and the volume of plastic waste is drastically reduced.
Videos like this always make me so thankful I don't live in America 🙏 But mostly I watch it for your puns, humor, personality and editing style
Yes, Rollie, getting bags of milk is a totally, definitely, absolutely normal thing to do. Canadians are not weird. Whats awesome is you can get a bigger bag of 3 milk pillows and it just kinda sits there like a giant pillowy blob taking up space in your refrigerator because you can't stack anything on top of it.
bag of milk
No change will happen until the boomers die....it's just how it is.
Shout out dana meadows thinking in systems on your bookshelf love that book. Suggestion do a feature on her leverage points for intervening in a system article?
I shot my friend in the head with a BB Gun.. 2 inches above his eye (Sorry Jamie!) Growing up in the suburbs was a blast, but now all those woods we used to play in are just more houses.
Time to go watch more books on the youtube
He's back!
Just moved from Berlin to Denver and it's brutal losing consistent public transportation. And Denver has decent transport/bike infrastructure by US standards. Also, didn't know you're a fellow Colorado guy...nice!
this video slaps, it just does!
White suburbanites, or those who want to act white, do not want to use mass transit as they imagine bad people are all riding transit.  Again hugely racist.
City of golden......shower. Really just me ?
New climate town vid with one of my fav collars lets gooooooooo
Love how Americans always freak out about bags of milk! hahaha They use less plastic than American-style milk jugs but they aren't as good as the glass bottles they replaced. We should all push for glass milk bottles to come back. They were dropped because here in Ontario the government regulated that milk jugs were returnable and needed a deposit and the cheap-ass milk industry switched to bags to avoid having to recycle. Damnit now I'm mad about them too and I grew up with them!
I love going out to get bagged milk! You have to buy another pitcher to keep it from spilling.
Taking my wife to a romantic valentines day date at a zoning meeting. Gonna so get lucky that day.
The magic of edit- - -gic of editing LMFAO
Bagged milk is not remotely the single family zoning of milk. You can fit way more sealed bags of milk in a space that avoid spoilage than you can bottles or cartons, and they use less material to do so.  [You put the one you're using in a jug to support the bag and then cut a corner to pour out of. Easy, no mess, and you only have a few litres open at a time while still having several more ready at hand.]
What is actually wrong with Americans.
Bagged milk is not a bad thing. It produces way less waste and you can recycle it very easy. It does not weigh like glass so it reduces the emissions when transported.
How about having agrihoods- resilient communities growing food
Dude buildings suck. Condos: you buy an apartment, pay an HOA fee on top, pay it off in 30 years but the HOA never stops. And wheres that money going?? Surfside collapse due to mismanagement and crippling infrustructure, where did the money go?? They didnt have a savings! They werent saving that money. Fuck apartments, fuck HOAs.
hey it's the stroad guy. he loves stroads or hates them I don't remember
Your videos are always a joy to watch
But let’s be honest apartments/condos aren’t the answer either, fuc* landlords
I currently live in central Europe (so, not a complete car dependent concrete jungle) but when I got to more cycling and walkability friendly places, like Netherlands, Sweden, Finland, it is something else. It just feels nice to walk around the city. I am normally a "get the hell out of the town and into the woods" kind of a person. However, in these cities, I do not feel "squeezed in" by the concrete and asfalt. There is greenery, it smells nice. It's just better.
Somehow this video has 5,300+ likes, but only 5,200 views; it's just THAT good!
Somewhat related: Are there studies that compare Stop sign emissions versus roundabout emissions? Seems trivial, but if every car has to come to a full stop and accelerate again, all over the USA, everytime, it has to add up?
We have bags of milk at the Kwik Trip gas stations/convenience stores that also sell a reusable pitcher to hold the bag. 😄😄😄
The right video to have more likes than views…
The environmentalist in me is like ,yay eco efficient planning!  The part of me that grew up in country and  who needs privacy and quiet and freedom/safety says I can't handle apartment buildings and no car.  Can't afford a tiny house or ev though😭
Awesome collab
Thanks for those links! Great video
Love your content, but real talk, do you choose your shirts based purely on what is going to most aggressively clash with your mic tape?
The desire to have a low carbon footprint, and the absolute disgust of living around lots of other people. It hurts.
Best 34 minutes! Great video(s)
I like the suburbs ;.;  Time to watch this video and potentially feel sad  Update: Nope, not sad but slightly upset. Mostly about bagged milk
So happy of this collab. Two of my fav youtuber!
nice video as always. 4,8k views  4,1k likes now that is proper zoning
I think one of the issues is that the US political system isn't aligned to make the easy decision also the right decision. I think the Dutch political system is far from perfect, but proportional representation really helps get a lot closer to that. Dutch people aren't inherently different from everyone else, but it's our institutes that are organized differently.
Good job
Props for the production value !! keep climatetowning away please.
any friend of not just bikes is a friend of mine <3
Think I misheard it the first time (8:03), but what city's factories was Euclid, OH worried about? 🤔😆
1:21 Im in this image and I don't like it. Though california abolished single family zoning
11:11 You just proved the opposite with that google search. And I am pretty sure that´s not the joke
Will grocery stores come back if zoning changes? I used to have a grocery store by my house, but because of acquisitions it is gone. Now you have to drive to the larger Supermarkets to get any groceries.  Just a mile from my house the zoning did change. Yea. Office Building are going to be an easy walk from apartment building, townhouse, hotels, and restaurants. But plans are missing a flipping grocery store.
Check my comments on not just bikes. Love...
This like to view ratio is crazy!
Great content and great narrator style! Subscribed! Greetings from Austria!
Watching america, is like watching a spoiled kid saying his life sucks when he has to choose between a ferrari and a mercedes to get to school
"Its time to focus on America!" *plays song by british band*
you're a hero
As a Canadian I smiled when he said bags of milk.  :)
Great video. As usual
as for the dwellings themselves, we know how to build well (ICF, straw bale, hemp, air-tightness, eliminate thermal-bridging, Trombe walls, ERV/HRV, ground-loop geothermal heat pump, southern solar gain design, sealed attics with vented roof decks, radiant barrier, multi-film windows, thermal mass, phase-change, etc), we just don't. because, profit ...& most people simply don't value energy efficiency. this will be a huge financial issue for most households as the energy-crunch goes pear-shape & climate change continues to lay waste with increasing weather severity.
I am legit giddy for this crossover. Sass overload here I come.
Well you people did it did yourselves. You steal native land and commit genocide against them. Pay for your sins
i will bring my first date to a zoning meeting
Love the videos and love the content. Just something I noticed if you care - the exposure and white balance of your shots are inconsistent throughout the video to a distracting degree. Just some feedback for editing. Anyway, good stuff as always!!
As I understand it, inefficiency and things being giant purely to show off how much space and how many resources you have is a deeply baked in bit of American culture. It's not just the sprawling neighbourhoods, it also applies to the food, the sports, the celebrations and the military. Hell - there are dozens of small towns all through the US who have the "world's biggest ______" on the side of the road as a tourist attraction. I think breaking the bigger = better assumption runs deeper even than all of the structural racism.
Richard Rothstein's The Color of Law should be required reading for everybody.
I wonder if any electricians or Power PE engineers have any stories about why brownouts keep happening in certain parts of town?  Let's say I'm a power engineer with a government PE stamp, and I went to a zoning meeting, and I mentioned that certain parts of town keep having service interruptions. Let's say I showed up with other PE engineers and trades people, and the IWW, and small local business owners of other MEP design firms and construction companies.  I imagine that would put us in danger. NCEES may even try to fine and censure me, like what happened to Charles Marohn from Strong Towns! His PE stamp licensing board tried to mess with him for having a public opinion about roads!
Your editing is the definition of ADHD.
Excited for this epic crossover!
This one is for the bag of milk, since when I was a child that was how milk was bought (Brazilian from Southwest here), that had the cheapest and most available form, the UHT milk would come in these special cartoon boxes (they are not only paper basically) but they were generally more expensive. Some people also preferred the bagged milks since they were "fresh" and didn't have a scary name for their processing (UHT is probably Ultra High Temperature but it sounded like some chemical shit back then). We had jugs in my house to put the bag once it was opened, but is indeed awfully impractical.
Hah imagine living in a DEAD SUBURB I LIVE IN LONFON UK
Homogenius??
I like my home, and I don't  know anyone that willingly wants to live in an apartment complex. I like having my own land and my own car.
Came for NJB, stayed for the humour.
I remember going to city meetings when I was younger and my dad was on the council, I always fell asleep!! But now I'm thinking about going to one again after watching your videos and realizing my voice does matter!
"I'm just a guy..."  Do you have that on a set of cardboards?
I see apartments springing up all over freaking town...  Admittedly not in the middle of an existing neighborhood but all around them on every side.
The solution is easier than you think. Just like izrael does with water bills, you guys need to start paying full price of gas. You would see how fast the zoning issue would get changed, cars grow smaller and country has enough money to build public transport. Or start another war in your case.
Don't worry. We have severely over shot the carrying capacity of the planet and the human population will soon collapse.   It may already be beginning.  And because we have planted doomsday bombs (i.e. nuclear plants) everywhere and set the climate to run away global warming there will be no survivors.   Including all life forms.   So don't worry your pretty little head about suburbs.
European Mixed used >>>>> American Mixed use
I adore videos like this!
While I agree with everything you said in this video, you made a critical mistake... Bags of milk are clearly superior to plastic jugs of milk!
15:33 Why is Dallin H Oaks in this voiceover!?
most of the video was brilliant but the end felt like I was getting punished for watching that far.
Hey, this is super well made!
I'm always amazed how Mick Fleetwood got massive and turned to wrestling in the 80's when Fleetwood Mac split up.  oh, and the planning stuff was great too. 👍😁
The collaboration we need !!
Bag of milk is the the most optimal way to get your milk in
i hope they never build another fucking suburb again. i hate it here
Are you sure the energy usage of detatched suburan houses isn't just correlation? What about if the people of means are more likely to use power and buy bigger houses. If they wern't available, they would be doing a simular thing in the city, or in high density housing.
The bag of milk is a far more efficient way to drink milk, obviously! You can spike a hole in one end, hold it up on high and really experience what it's like to put your lips on mother nature's plastic udder.
Wait a minute, this is one of them critical race theorems.
15:14 That bit is WAY too funny
IM Eric Rosen?
One of the benefits of higher density housing and walkable villages is not needing private vehicles for daily activities. But that goes hand-in-hand with reduced space and higher costs for owning a vehicle. Given that the auto industry is trending towards EV transportation as a service, I'm really interested to see what you and Not Just Bikes think about the topic.
If only apartments invested in soundproofing. Hate hearing neighbor's conversations.
Not only did you not make it shorter but you made it 10 seconds longer. Thank you.
oh that reminds my i need another bag of milk
17:36. how have these oldies not advocated for mixed use zoning yet? How are they going to get to their bingo clubs and grocery store when they can't drive anymore? Then again, I guess once they reach that point in their lives, they can't drive to these meetings anymore either. sigh.
Is there an example of any substantial change because someone attended a city hall meeting?
I lived in 4 countries and thanks to great (or at least adequate) city planning, I never needed to own a car: Poland (Warsaw), South Korea (Suwon and Soul), Japan (Nagoya and Tokyo) and currently Switzerland. The furthest away I was from a train, tram or a bus, was 15 minutes (typically just 5-10 minutes). I also travel and hike a lot, and to most hiking trails you can get by train or a bus in those countries. There might be some mountains that do not have an easy access - for those we would rent a car or we would drive with a friend (not often). I loved that Japan has several companies that provide night buses for hikers - you can hop on a bus at a 11pm in Tokyo and arrive in the middle of the forest in mountains in front of the entrance of hiking trail at 4/5am. As for Switzerland, you can get to the top of some mountains by train...not to mention super easy access to the entrance of most hiking trails.
I hate this country so much
Another issue that needs to be addressed during the swap to mixed zoning: credit scores should also factor apartment/townhomes payments (instead of mortgage payments alone when it comes to housing payments). It's incredibly tedious for people to build credit without a mortgage or a car loan.
I would honestly prefer to live in few stories house if only noise isolation would be one of the first priorities. Also important is energy efficiency.
top quality work 80 hours well spent :)
California eliminated single-family zoning.
Anyone interested in this subject should also read "Economic Facts and Fallacies" by Thomas Sowell
Hi! I live in Denver, and Belmar kinda sucks...
I lived in US in a relatively small, college town. In my time there I felt so sad seeing all the small wooded areas being cut down and replaced by buildings. But at least there it was mostly apartment buildings - mostly a small two - three storey ones but in the centre they replaced old mall with an actual high rise building with stores and restaurants on the street level. It also had a couple subdivisions build to resemble European towns with a central square with stores, restaurants, clinics, gyms and even a cinema with radial interconnected streets with townhouses and duplexes in walkable distance. They even had sidewalks and a bus connection. Those were the most popular and expensive parts to live in.  Of course you still needed a car to go anywhere else and everywhere outside that town it was all the same suburban nightmare.  But I'm back in Europe now and just use trains like a civilised person.
I finally saw my name on a Patreon list!   Too bad it’s on a video with a guy with a silly mustache
Would I be wrong in assuming the motor industry lobbyist have something to do with this tale?
these houses don't just suck because they are in suburbs (whether current or in the future) they suck in general.  Building materials are sub - par (well fitting enough for a 2nd/3rd world country), it is like living in a tree house that is electrified and has running water/sewer Insulation is terrible to HORRIBLE what is up w/putting these UGLY crappy BLACK!!!! tar shingles on the roof? Ever seen roofs in the Mediterranean?  They are light blue or white, so if you live in the southern/southeast/southwest or western part your attic is essentially a FURNACE (unless you have it built out but I would venture that that is less than 0.1% of all houses (i.e., not worth mentioning)).  In addition, these shingles also provide excellent fuel for a fire, really, GENIUS idea Metal roofs are also not a solution (besides the fire) unless the roof is insulated and/or built out (again, guess is <=0.1%) what is up with these stupid AC's? They are located outside the house or in an attic, or in other words to hottest and coldest places respectively why are there NO decent basements (at least not outside New England as far as I know) but instead either concrete slab which is better than disgusting crawl spaces?  But here is where it all originates: It needs to be CHEAP, CHEAP as can be and relatively easy put together by un/low skilled people
YOU ARE ICONIC
Leave bagged milk alone
Another great one, thanks for making these!
i remember the bags of milk LOL, i always managed to spill the milk all over myself
Yes! More videos!
I live in a one square mile town...Conshohocken PA. My parents purchased their home for $83,000 in 1983. It's a 14 block borough, we have a main road with a CVS, a 7-Eleven, and several pizzerias and a few restaurants. We have a west side and an east side, duh. We had many parks throughout our town but just within the past 20 years,our town has grown so much that there is no where to build anymore. We have single family homes, we have twin homes, we have row homes and now we even  have 4 skyscrapers...WHAT? Yes,our town sold land to developers and those developers built 4 skyscrapers to book end our main street. Remember my parents purchased their home for $83,000? There are many realtors bombarding my parents about selling their twin family home 🏡, offers 475,000-600,00. Our one square mile town has become prime real-estate. Oh, and we're only 20 minutes away from Center City, Philadelphia.
One of my fav channels 👍🏽
The bag of milk jab had me rolling with laughter! Yes I also heard that and cringed collectively as all people who do not live in Ontario, Canada did. Bagged milk is an idea dreamed up by masochists.
I wish that when I clicked this video it would start from the beginning... YouTube fix this
Got hung up on the cul de sac plural thing, cos in the video your google search shows cul de sacs, so I looked into it, it’s French for ‘Bottom of the sack’ so it stands to reason that they should be the *bottoms of the sacks*, therefore, ‘culs de sacs’ is clearly the correct term
Turns out, the only factory you could build on single family zoned land was a racism factory...
Best collab
Great video my dude. Informative and funny af.
DUDE, YOU ROCK!!!!!
Thanks for the vid! Cant wait to live in a climate town with walkable distance to a climax cinema.
don`t forget eco gecko!
No wonder New York, San Francisco and Boston are so expensive, they're the few places in this country where you can live just fine without a car and still get a decent paying job.
I'm appalled at the bag of milk!! What the heck is that?? Just kidding. I really enjoyed this video and the collab between you 2. I worked as a city planner in California for a couple of years, and I totally agree with you when you said that the majority of the people who showed up at hearings were old, bored and a bunch of NIMBYS. But the hearings we had were after 5pm on a Thursday, so there was a little bit more variety of people. I did see people in their 30s participating and most of them lived in higher density areas, or up and coming midtown neighborhoods. I'm in Houston now and this place is scary.
I bet that regend mixed use area has apartments that are priced as such that the average family cant afford one.    For what that costs you can live in a SFH in the burbs. Then you only have a few asshole neighbours vs the 50 or 100 in a mixed use area.
I’m a planner. The real fight against Euclidian zoning is the reality that the lion’s share of American gdp is reliant on the continued commodification of land and housing. The fact is that turning 10 acres into 100 single family homes to be sold for $500,000 or more is a bigger prize of speculation than creating a multi family complex to house those same 100 families. Then u have the construction, auto, finance and banking, restaurant industries, etc. This is all without mentioning that comprehensive plans are written mostly by the public and affluent members of the community who don’t want change or poor ppl.
A bag of milk!?!? WTF is this... oh, Rollie's got that point covered? Carry on.  As far as crap suburbs I live in are concerned, we have a lot of wasted space and wasted potential for proper housing near me. And the one town near me with a nice downtown core bracketed by terrible stroads (Libertyville, Illinois) is a highly desirable place to live. Lastly, the new wastes of space that developers are building aren't malls, they're warehouses with massive footprints to serve this new/awful online shopping economy.
You know you've watched too much NJB when you're completely desensitized to milk in bags.
i mean yes, but also that's not actually how bags of milk come (and also like everyone has a pitcher to put it in so you only open the corner of a litre bag at a time instead a full gallon)
That was remarkably hopeful for this genre of content, so thanks for that.  Also, at 16:02, I'm guessing someone's a fan of Camp Camp.
I walked from our 5th story apartment, three blocks to the local grocers for a liter bag of milk on the regular as a 5year old kinder in Frankfurt, Germany. It's a thing. Bags stack. They use fewer resources and take up less space. Stores can fill them from bulk containers on site. Some will even fill your own reusable container. At home you pour the milk into your own pitcher and then recycle the bag. Waxed milk cartons weren't accepted by curbside recycling until like a couple years ago. Cardboard milk boxes are the R1 zoning of dairy containers.
dont knock bagged milk until you try it.  its less heavy when pouring, you can adjust how fast it flows, its easier to store from the small size, you're not getting frostbite for just trying to hold it and its more hygentic bc its protected and
Being stuck in a car as a child with a mother who would listen to nothing except for boring radio talking heads "news" and advertisement that i can only describe as ear rape for an autistic child.
Hey, don't be hating on our bagged milk! Sincerely, a Canadian.
You pulled up a poor example of bag milk.   They sell it i believe by the  liter and are completely sealed.     You put the bag in a jug snip the corner off and bobs your uncle.
I wanted to go to a zoning meeting but then I suddenly remembered that I live in a mixed use area in central Europe.  Brb getting a bag of milk and a kebab from literally next door.
that having the youtube bar pop up at the botto mand you breaking the fourth wall to react was pretty hilarious.   Also thank you for the content man.
I live in a part of Canada where bags of milk don't exist, but I know that they also have a pail so that you can set down the milk.
Jaja i love that he give them reason while it can make funny
This is a great video and a thank you for bringing attention to this topic. Ending single-family zoning is absolutely a critical climate goal. However I would caution people to be wary of some of the groups you have listed in the description - CA YIMBY in particular have become controversial for essentially acting as the volunteer arm of the CA real estate industry. Their policy is to demand by-right planning approvals of tall housing, essentially advocating for accelerated gentrification and displacement in our only remaining multi-ethnic urban neighborhoods. I know this was only a 20 minute video but unless you touch on the financialization of real estate and growth of mega-landlords in the past 30 years, I'm afraid people will think we need to bulldoze our cities and start another wave of "redevelopment" like the razing of the Fillmore and so many other doomed projects.
NOT all Duncans are like Mr. McDuffie over there -- except for the goofiness, all Duncans must keep a standard level of goof with them at any time. (Hey, I don't write the rules)
bags are the best way to deliver milk, prove me wrong.
I want to know the whole story of Eric Rosens escape
Self-determination is a God given right! No need to use the R word.
Bagged milk uses a lot less materials, is actually super easy to (stack to a limit, but how many do you need to stack), is very easy to use (you put it in a reusable holder).
You had me until you called America the Most free country in the world. I thought that meme was dead by now. The US isn't even in the top ten.
you put the bag in a jug and pour from it. it's reusable.
There's _Not Just Bikes_ in *Climate Town!*
Great video! Greetings from a Dutchy
I can absolutely see how vast amounts of single family houses are pretty awful for the environment and that zoning laws need to change... that being said  1) I have lived in multiple exclusively single family home neighborhood in walking distance to multiple parks, grocery stores, and sometimes a library. That is to say there are suburbs that are livable without a car.  2) Denser population maybe be better for the environment but if you don't like people it sucks. Suburbs have always struck me as having about the right number of people and every time I go somewhere with more people (eg streets near apartment buildings) or watch the clips of what NJB thinks are desirable neighborhoods I cringe at the number of people.
1:30 and you actually made it longer :D
Woah woah woah, stop right there. Milk bags, is brilliant and environmental! (If instead of milk you have oat milk or whatever)  It takes less space, you can get a reusable container that hold it upright and easy to pour. And it is just a nylon bag instead of the composite material for carton. Because it is not carton it is paper metal and plastic. Hell for recycling, more energy to produce.
God, that bag of milk segment really got me. Almost made me spit out my milk, freshly poured from a bag.
Bag of milk - Welcome to Ontario.
this video convinced me humanity is fucked and we will never get climate change fixed
how is it we have so many youtubers in colorado? haha. ah well, by colorado law I have to sub now.
Hahaha calling out "bag of milk" was spot on! I grew up with milk bags but I didn't realize until much later in life that this just might be uniquely Canadian
This is kinda crazy because most developers would kill to build higher density housing, but the public hates it.   I recently had to sit through a zoning commission meetings for almost two days straight because so much of the public showed up to oppose the project. If the developer didn't have deep pockets the project would have died.
Bags are actually the historically traditional way to get milk, do your research.
I don't live in America, but I used to live in a tourist neighborhood with like 15 seafood restaurants, one market and one bakery. Nowhere to eat pizza, buy medicine, get money or pay bills. We didnt have a car so I would only be able to do anything after a 90 minutes bus trip downtown. I would go insane in one of those American suburbs, I didnt know they were THAT bad. Thank you for another great informative video!
Thanks for the content brother. Keep it up.
I joined a rezoning call for my area and yeah. lots of pearl clutching going on. Although it was rezoning to wipe away multiple acres of natural forest to build townhomes. So I disagreed on the basis that killing trees and pushing wildlife out is ..... shitty and bad
Milk in a bag is a thing. For one year in Elementary school we switched from cartons to bags for milk...it was horrifying! You had to stab it with a straw and hope to god it did not explode. This was decades ago so I hope no one else had to go through it.
You couldn't have found a better partner for this one.
Amazing video man! Really glad to see this much needed collab! Keep going
I fudging love this collab
Please use the term "Climate Crisis", instead of "Climate Change".
Am I the only one checking out the books on the desk?
Quality video as always
Pretty sure NJB intentionally brings up milk bags to drive comment engagement with a million people asking "WTF is a bag of milk"
Should I propose to my girlfriend at a zoning meeting, brother?
why where they hating specifically on mongolians, aka the true master race and the coolest people on earth? also hi from the netherlands.
America, a Land where scared old farts make the rules.
Magic of editing...agic of editing. Fantastic. Subscribed.
Excellent as always!
Shouldn't you get a clip for that mic instead of throwing away a piece of tape every time?
6:25 I can just imagine Koreans and Indonesians turning up to that district to just say “not racist enough, dumbasses”.
What a delicious cross-over episode 🤤
Just wait until you learn what cul-de-sac "could" mean in french if not taken in a street type of thing.
Having lived abroad the US for most of my life and then coming here afterwards gave me a different perspective on zoning and the way to build cities and community. I find crazy not to invest in mid to high density buildings with integrated commerce, but to invest in suburbs where everything is too far away to walk gladly or to be efficiently connected to other places. Personally I feel that despite certain exceptions (that I can count with the fingers of one hand), most american cities suck...big time. Cheers from ATX
god damn i love your videos
This is the type of channel that reminds me of how lucky I am that I don’t live in the USA.
Bags : the superior milk transportation solution.
Not just a problem in America, looking at you Vancouver.
can i... just tell them to watch this video??  cause i’ll probably freeze up there and forget what i had to say. >:[
Why am I so excited about this collaboration lol I love it! 😌 so entertaining AND educational.
Zoning Meeting Inspiration Story:  I went to a city council meeting in my city and they were discussing a new development. The developer wanted to build something like a 60 unit apartment building. He provided parking for 1.32 parking spaces per bedroom, but the zoning required 1.5. The developer had done a study at another nearby complex he owned showing that the demand in the area was actually 1.12 spots per bedroom and so 1.32 should be plenty. The City Council was still all worried about the parking and then when public comment came up, I and one other dude commented and explained that we thought the parking shouldn't be an issue. We were in the target demographic and both of us had one car per household and assured the council that it wouldn't be an issue. After that the council decided that they would write up some development agreements stating that the developer would be responsible for restricting its residence from bringing too many cars which would make the development acceptable to build. It felt like such a win. Going to council meetings can totally make difference.
Tax the hell out of inefficient homes... money will flow into rezoning
Random idea: Mixed used zoning inside a trailer park? It'd be neat to convert some doublewides into restaurants, convenience stores and other various little shops. It would drastically increase the standard of living in the park and would also foment more socialization and community identity inside the park.
Cool 🤔 Why aren't all buildings mixed use? Then we wouldn't have to  commute .....
There is now so much single family housing that some of it sits empty while homeless are on city streets unable to afford a small apartment that was never built because there was profit incentive to build single family homes in the burbs ... Not affordable small apartments downtown.
Oh fuck yeah a new video from my favourite guy who I thought was Canadian until today
All major discussion points aside, Hulk Hogan had some BANGER quotes
I love everything about this video, but what I love most is the "magic of editing" mismatched cut. That is just perfection
I‘m still not over the BAG of milk.
I surprised a bunch of people by how Germany has such small fridges, because it’s so convenient to go to the supermarket. When I told them I had two within a 5-minute walk and 3 in a 10-minute walk, they were like :O WHAT?!
Now lots of young Americans are going to swarm to their local Zoning Board Meeting to ensure that only shops that refuse to sell bags of milk can be built.
When this guy got woke I voted with a click.
-11:05 exactly  single  family  homes aren't the  problem  single  family  zoning  is
Why do I watch environmentally conscious content, am I addicted to misery?
What a fucking collab
Be sure to look up the Not Just Bikes series on Strong Towns! Great video! Stoked to see this collaboration between two of my favorite channels.
Fantastic information and fantastic editing
Da kings is back
God damn this channel is amazing...
I can't understand why the one solution that would fix virtually every climate related issue is almost never even mentioned.... (note: that solution is a gradually reduced population)
Bag of milk. WHO THE FUCK came up with that abbonimation?
"Bag of milk" or "how to say your Canadian without saying you are Canadian" ....
Shopping malls are actually good if they are spread up (many floors) not only sideways, and if they are in (or close to) areas that are walkable and with lots of public transportation. Shopping malls are a great way to have many of your shopping needs in a single (walkable) place when they are built like this. Here in my country most shopping malls have at least 3 floors and are *always* in the "city centers", which are places that have a lot of public transportation to other areas of the city and are *very* walkable. Shopping malls are great when you are in a hurry and need to find everything you need in a single place, or when you need to compare prices of items. That is why our shopping malls are not dying while in the US they definitely are.  PS: also, 90% of our shopping malls have *at least* one supermarket attached to it, which makes it *even more* convinient.
The best coincidence happened, because just before I saw Not Just Bikes' video and this video, I saw a tweet from the city i live in about how they will be having a live event and q&a on the 17th about changes to exisitng neighbourhood level infill, that will be apart of their Comprehensive Zoning Bylaw Review Project. Which is hopefully going to bring up some of the issues with the status quo, that both Not Just Bikes's video and this video raise. But then again this is a North American city (specifically Canadian but i digress) so not much good stuff will happen because lots of people will complain. honestly though anytime my city tries to do anything in any direction, or even when the city doesn't do anything at all about things that don't need changing, people are complaining.
I live in the Bay Area, and I have been aggressively pushing the idea that bad zoning laws are aggressively ruining the lives and opportunities of the working class.
Well, if I lived in a place like that, it would be easier to make myself to walk 2+ hours a day... just to buy groceries. Cause now in my native walkable small town in Northwest Russia, I barely can walk 1 hour without passing almost every store or interesting place in town
The previous video I watched was about FIRE. You could try to convince all those people to do zoning activism after they retire early xD
I find that many people in areas with lenient building laws end up splitting their detached single home into 2 or 3 and renting out the extra spaces, it much more affordable and most families don’t need that much space anyways
Really unhealthy..... 😳
America is so much more fucked then my country the Netherlands.
Amsterdam, f Jason who
Wow man this is brilliant, elevated, love your work always but the production quality on this one is next level! I was laughing out loud to a video about zoning laws. :D
Bags of milk are a way to get milk from the store to your home in less plastic than a jug. Seems like a win to me.
Milk bags are convenient as fuck, you just buy a pitcher and cut little slots in the corners of the bag in the pitcher. It uses less plastic per liter of milk (I think) than a jug, but the bags aren't as easily recyclable and usually just go in the trash :(
Hate to break the news to you but the American population is not expanding, in fact we are at a 1.6 birthrate. We are becoming Japan where the population is stagnat and we are headed for a contaction in the need for housing. What is happening is a population shifts away from big cities to small towns and suburns..
One of the funniest moments in a recent Not Just Bikes video was when Jason forgot to shake the bag all the way down into the pitcher before cutting it open, and ended up spilling it all over the table. Classic, highly specifically Canadian, comedy.
riiiiiiight////lets get rid of single family zoning, Mr agenda 21. Because everyone that gets a mortgage for a house on a culdesac wants an apartment complex built next door of two 2+1's with one whole family in each room
This is my first time in Climate Town, please be gentle with me **Subscribed**
Pov: you live in a 3rd world country
Oh shit, my city's planning board is meeting TONIGHT!
This is the energy I needed today.
Wouldn't it be additionally be fantastic if some of these apartments/attached homes could be purchased instead of perpetually rented? That way someone who is crippled by student debt could start to build up their wealth instead of waiting for years and years until they can buy a half million dollar home? With American's wealth tied so closely with home ownership it's unfortunate to see how hard it is especially for single people to purchase a home.
Comment
This was the best team-up since Avengers: Endgame.
Bag of milk   ? Gewoon een kartonnetje
Bel Mar is an interesting section of Lakewood Colorado! Still need to film retail content in that area of Denver, already visited many surrounding vicinities. It's nice more areas are being turned into a more realistic places.
So glad to hear more people talking about how crazy zoning is. HOA’s are also crazy though so we have to be ready to work on that as we build more townhomes, and condos.  HOAs when run improperly can make it impossible for people to put solar on their home, create a compost pile, or setup EV charging.  The crazy thing to me is that HOAs can actually be a force for good! We can pool our resources in order to install more solar, we can pay a landscaping company to manage our compost pile, or we can install a DCFC chargers for our cars!  Once we fix zoning I hope we’re ready to fix HOAs!
Climate Town, Not Just Bikes, and City Beautifull: the holy trinity of urban design Youtube.
Racism is such a thing in America damn...
Rollie stole the show from NJB!
Baltimore and Philly: "Hey guys, uhhh....hello?...*waves excitedly*...hello?"
"Cul de sac" in English is actually "Bag end" just like where Bilbo and Frodo lived.
Is there a chance you could make a video on molten salt reactors?
thanks for making climate conversation entertaining. this is really enjoyable to watch. 🙂
Rudy is my Climate-themed Bill Nye
Amazing succinct information, leaving a lil more sad, subscribed!
Generic coment for the algorithm
I don't own a car here in Finland, because finding parking in the city that's both affordable and does not have a car is far more inconvenient than just using public transportation. The idea that every single business has their own parking lot is one of the most insane ideas anyone could come up with. I like the atmosphere of the city centre where I can walk or bike around and find cool new places or shops, and replacing that by sitting in a car to go anywhere is really ass-backwards
Maybe drop the concept that we've got it figured  out in Europe. We are still struggling. You can achieve better in the US if you set your mind to it. One step at a time, that's our motto.
We still have single family home zoning in NL as well, but usually they are tiny, and there is a little village center with at least one supermarket, and some basic needs  stuff at walking distance. "Not just bikes" mainly focused on Dutch cities, but why not show actual "sub-urbs" in the Netherlands as well ? It would be a better comparison. Mixed zoning doesn't mean no more single family homes... just means easier access to amenities, and still being able to go somewhere meaningful by bike or by walking.
Thanks for another great video Rollie.  You are making a difference!  Peace, Calvin.
vallastaden represent!!!!
Genius combo!
Great collab.  excellent work.  I really hope this movement continues to gain traction.
What just happend? I clicked the latest video of my favorite urban planning channel and ended up at my favorite average poolplayer. Yes i like bikes, but not just bikes, also pool. And some other stuff . Instant sub.
MILKS DU SAC
Came for Not Just Bikes Subscribed because of the great editing and cool content
Yes please!!!!
Shooing the birds out of the way "for the shot" was beautifully on point
I just feel like at this rate, the US is going too slow in the logical zoning trend compared to all the new suburbs being made. Sincerely hope I wrong tho :)
Loved this. You explain everything so practically.
AWESOME! Love it! BEST CHANNEL on the interwebs!!! Keep em comin BROTHER!
broooo why is America so trash?
my takeaway, Canada's largest issue are their Milk de Sac.
I listen to your videos when I am stuck in a traffic jam... It gives me hope.
Ontario Canada is the Bag of Milk capital
I used to like suburbs  until  I realized  there like a cancer  they keep spreading  covering  the landscape  with there uniformity
Looks up bags of milk, finds a photo of twist tied literal sacks of milk
As I started the video, I was like "wow, Rollie looks like he is standing at that fucking suburb I hate they built down the road from me".  *denver city cable*  Oh shit Rollie was standing at that suburb.  Edit: Also holy shit I heard legends about the person who outran the cops on a skateboard at Villa Italia growing up.  It's also worth noting that Belmar is insanely expensive both in terms of housing at the services they provide, and have led to the effects of gentrification and rising housing costs in the surrounding area. And that's before they built the In'n'Out across Alameda wakka wakka.
As a former architect, every zoning meeting we went to dropped our IQ by 3 points.
I think people want space/outdoors yards and bigger homes because there's literally no space here in the US where you don't have to "pay" to have fun. There's little green space and nature and all of the activities are focused on consumerism. It's suffocating and you're isolated bc of the transportation problem you mentioned. Apartment living is dominated by big companies you have to pay and landlords who don't give a shit. Walls are paper thin. I don't know what the solution is either but I wouldn't want to live in an apartment if I could help it.
It's amazing how European that walkable development in Colorado instantly looks.
I think the correct plural is "milks de sac"
Just take a bike
I, a thirty-something year old man, recently learned that culs-de-sac is the plural form from Gilmore Girls...
"It's time to focus on America" *Proceeds to use a song by one of the greatest British bands ever* 😂😂😂
Bag of milk can be frozen for later use: try that with your plastic jug.
You will enjoy the small cube.
Milk bags are awesome.
That culs-de-sac joke is absolute peak humor. i died. Physically died.
Brother
The recorder gets me every goddamn time.
God I live in a suburb but God do they look horrible  I mean identical  empty cheap  houses and assfault as far as the eye can see  all owned  by the rich who profit off thus purgatory  I'm "lucky" because  I have a back yard the only "nature" for miles
We’re doomed! Unless the Sun decides to go supernova on our asses, we’re gonna die a slow, mediocre death ☠️ 🌞
'Murica! Fuck Yeah!
Ayyy Arlington, TX. Agg town represent
Collab with Adam Something next
Will re-state my tl;dr comment from NotJustBikes here:  Consider the pathology (the science and study of the origin, nature, and course of a phenomenon):  The exiled Europeans that conquered the Americas came from a culture of "Landed Aristocracy/Nobility": The category of Nobility in various countries over history, for which landownership was part of their noble privileges. In this case, The British nobility that consisted of members of the immediate families of peers who bear courtesy titles or honorifics.  Peerage rankings such as Duke, Marquess, Earl, Viscount, and Baron - they where the Only Humans that Could OWN LAND. Furthermore, not just the land, but everything on the land, including the other humans inhabiting it.  So now lets think how cultures are formed.  The top tier in the English Culture was the Landed Aristocracy/Nobility.  Humans want to be respected and have dignity.  Landed Aristocracy/Nobility were dignified & respected - the peasants/surfs who toiled the lands had none.  Religion then comes into play to provide an "divine" explanation to the uneducated and superstitious masses of peasants/surfs - which promised dignity and wealth in the afterworld...if one accepts their Caste laborer status and they worked hard for their overlords.  These same religious outcast were the ones to conquer the Americas...and they brought their cultural worship of landed nobility with them - Including a far more brutal and barbaric method of "owning" the people who worked the land.  Land ownership was the ultimate status symbol (Like being a "on-paper" Billionaire is today).  Once the word got out that  if one Worked Hard, - America was a vast land of riches and Land Ownership, more Europeans followed.  This is where the twin concepts of Rugged Individualism and Manifest Destiny (the idea that the United States is destined—by God, its advocates believed—to expand its dominion and spread the now mutated ideology  across the entire North American continent) originates.  Each Man desired his own plot of land.  To be the King in his own Home...just like European Landed Aristocracy/Nobility.  One could be "Re-Caste" into a higher social structure, and - just like Landed Aristocracy/Nobility - have these privilege's automatically be passed on to their descendants at the Caste level, not the bloodline level.    Thus, the culture has evolved over the generations, to perceive owning a plot of land as the apex of Dignity and Respect.  Human behavior is dictated by Culture, Tribe, Tradition, and Custom.  Americans still perceive Single Family Home ownership as the single most important Social statement  - and therefore our land-use structure reflects this: everyone can have their own plot of land and be "landed." Formalized peasant ownership (slavery) is gone, but the vestiges of Landed Aristocracy/Nobility still remain in that Suburbs are enclosed circles of perceived "Nobility" who control, but are away from the peasants/surf Caste who toil the land (so to speak).  So nothing can ever change.  It's a cultural and Human Behavior thing.
Second
"That thing you like is bad. " - Mr. Climate Town
Every time you're gone more than a month I worry about you. ExxonMobil and their private intelligence department, mf creeps.
Climate town is the best
The birth of the NJB cinematic universe.
Hilarious coop 😂 Haven't seen this one yet, but just love the way it cuts over from Not Just Bikes.
looking sick :D
America is broken
Is time already what is up?
Who comes from not just bikes?
Not just bikes
Is that near golden Colorado?!
If you have the time to read this comment, you have the time to go like and comment to appease the almighty algorithm 😁❤️👍🏼
Every time I drive by a new subdivision I say the exact same thing. I have always had a hard time articulating why. Thanks for doing the hard work for me.
And if THAT wasn't enough, check out the Not Just Bikes side of the video right here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cO6txCZpbsQ
I’ve been looking for houses in the PNW area for a bit and its been so rough. I hate how these newer neighborhoods look, idk how boomers are so afraid of communism when this is the type of dystopia they build and sell us. No space between houses, no backyards, just so many tight houses and windows directly facing walls going for almost a million freaking dollars. It’s been awful.
One of the best YouTuber who aware people about climate change 👍🤩👍. Suscribe to climate town
Awesome! I’ll definitely watch it after it goes live!
Someone been reading strongtowns
think it will just reinforce my opinin but maby lern someting new
Oh my god im so excited for these two videos I can’’t believe this is real
This gon be good
Fucking finally, new Climate Town!
Oh brother, I haven't fell hyped in so long.
literally the best crossover what is this why must I wait
Yay! Was waiting for this!!
Hi from France. So glad another one will be out. Feels so refreshing !
This is great! 2 of my favorite channels on YouTube on why the county I'm living in is great (and how we can save this planet..). Can't wait!
YYAAAASSS GÖÖÖÖRLLL
wooooah you mean to tell me THE 2 Best Channels I've just first heard about last year are now doing a collab?! I love you guys.
No way in hell two of my favourite YouTubers are doing a collab, I am here for the premiere
yes!
It's all about a quick profit at the expense of long-term prosperity for the companies that build these developments. The government is supposed to be there to at least mitigate some of the issues caused by these ill-planned constructions, but they've always been in these companies' pockets, for the  most part.
Sufficiently hyped ✨
This collab is going to be legendary
the crossover we have all been waiting for
hell yeah man
Dude yes
I am so hyped for a collab between my two favorite creators. can't wait to be absolutely fucking miserable after watching this video
Having recently done a small renovation, I could not believe how much waste there is. From plastic wrapping to a bunch of glues and paints to the containers that are used. The waste is staggering of the building industry. If we want to stop climate change why is the Govt allowing such easy monetary policies to encourage these practices. For what future will all this spending and building be for???
I don't even care about the environment. I'm just here for the comedy. Dude is hilarious.
Hyped for the most ambitious crossover event in history! Who would've thought - two of my favorite "The country you live in is absolutely fucked" YouTubers - together at last!
Eyyyy, more of the stuff I can cheer at while crying myself to sleep at night wallowing in everyone else's ignorance in my suburban hellscape. Much excite, wooo!
Wait this is the best cross-over ever! And it is not even out yet!
Oh boy, the moustached intellectual extraordinaire makes a triumphant return. Very excited to watch this video!
