We've got another full-length video waiting for you right now at patreon.com/Boy_Boy
I love your random Japanese mother
I dont care about these weird white guys, I love the grandma, can you bring her back
Anyone know the song at 1:37
5:12 it's for cleaning my dih on the sink🥀
The onion!! i burst out laughing, dear god 🤣
He looks like a mix of tom cruise and donald trump
I just know boy boy defaulty hates all rich people because his radicalized mind associates them with being evil
16:35 say that again
there are children in the walls
you guys know herb in the minion movie
It's like, aimed at children, but children can't afford mansions, make it make sense!
I was holding my laugh until i saw the little boxing bag, LOL i can't
And here i am thing MY GF send the most cryptic mixed messages
Your mom is such a sweet person ❤
okay but i would love to do house tours of anyones houses. i just wanna know how people live and see all the layouts idk i may be weird
This legit looks like a Sims 4 house
Why does this place have such a similar feeling to the mansion from ready or not?
at least there enthusiastic
i haven’t cry-laughed this hard in a long time. awesome vid boys
this very much reminds me of the mission from Ready or Not called Valley of the Dolls
this is a goddamn payday 2 map
6:34 did boyoy predicted the Didi incident?
Its producer Michael, not a house reviewer LMAO
Oh he has money
15:56 you know no one uses the house because that would definitely make you shit yourself at night
Looks like it was built to be a fancy, all inclusive night club for rich people.  And in that context... the candy and kid like decor is creeping me out.
"A bath onion" is a clip that is permanently saved to as many digital backups as I have access to
i wonder if the tour guy’s whole shtick is simulating your own experience of being mesmerized & confused while touring this house, so that you can experience “exploring” this fucking miserable building vicariously through him
Michael is that friend on molly lost at a festival that's clueless with too much money.
This is must be an Epstein's mansion modifyed
Imagine being drunk in that house, any wall you lean of for a second might just eat you...
7:34 I don't think anyone owning a house like this can get anywhere near achieving Zen as a concept.
Your halarious i love your reaction to producermicheals video
Well, the rich person did probably work their butt off, while the homeless person is shooting heroin up their arms. Would it be fair if everyone would have the same? I don't think so.
13:40 he’s afraid of being locked in there
you killed me at, rich guy would never look this blind
The guy is just walking into walls like hes looking behind paintings in his friends Minecraft base
Even when big houses aren't weirdly designed & full of strange art I've always just found how clean the interiors are to be really unsettling. It just makes it feel like nobody lives there even when the house is occupied.
16:35 neuron activation
i can’t stop laughing at the constant kiddie jokes 😭😭
What channel is this?
This reminds me of a video i watched a bit ago by Drew Gooden, it had a similar title and this exact Guy ! crazy coincidence.
I don't understand how you can be so incompetent at presenting. If this guy is like this generally he'd be unemployable as a real estate agent. Let that sink in.
What did he mean with Real Heineken? Is there counterfeit Heineken? Also, in the EU, Heineken has a trashy reputation, it is not good beer. I would have expected Belgian beers or at least good beer in a fancy house like that
It's a mansion for midget billionaires you jerks!  Bet you feel bad now...
What is this house man😭😭
Money talks, and apparently those people who have money doesn't like talking to their architect or builder that much.
15:11 has to be a cuck tub man a double bed which you can see perfectly if you were to sit in the tub all cozy.
that colin furze 2 years tunnel joke really hits hard when the video is 2 years old and furze is still making the tunnel
why are the paintings on the floor?????
Ok this looks like a perfect set for a horror movie.  So cold and sterile, almost hostile.
Who the hell runs a channel showing stuff off and then also repeatedly says ‘but we won’t show that’ or something to that effect at nearly every turn…
I still come back and watch this video as it makes me laugh so much. The child jokes just going on and on is amazing.
I didn't know they did a tour video of diddy's mansion
14:00
What is the point of a tour by someone who doesn't know anything, prepared at all or even particularly cares?
Ran into this video and I can’t help to feel like trump was giving us a house tour 🤣
I love your random Chinese mother she seems so sweet
i love how the quick bit at the end was him going back to the weird pedophalactic things and no i cant spell im 7 and i can confirm i work at that house
Why does the guy keep pointing out the most boring parts of this house?
13:55 one of those would be 12kg in it's own if there real actually
I was thinking "Big Glass Onion vibes here"...and then he went into the room with the Mona Lisa 🤣
Photoshopping the brillo poster into the shot made me do a double take haha.
I know I’m late on this but my god that  house is horrendous. How can you put that much money into something and have it be so bad. Billionaires gym all it has is a stationary bike, a little punching bag and a yoga mat 😂😂😂😂😂
Lowkey I think mom could accept the boys being gay
I feel bad laughing at half these jokes but they just write themselves  Like wtf no food in the fridge but candy dispensers are full, The fact he's getting spooked at a lot of things and saying "Best not show this"
13:25 I have that exact bag and it just extends upwards. The height is adjustable
first minecraft house in creative mode
Good architecture is Art, This is not
This house looks like a hitman map with more  security present than  people that  ever wanted to be in that house. and the " PDF  dungeon was the room for security cameras that has actual   floorplan   with every secret room mapped in.
Can she do kung fu    ?
That woman looks like she played these games before.
OK 500
Honestly if someone told me this "house" was some kind of interactive satirical art piece lambasting the horribly sterile, often downright surreal interior design nonsense found in show homes and the dwellings of people with more money than sense, I wouldn't question it for a second XD
Wait, isn't this Notch's house? I feel like I've seen that wall of candy dispensers before...
the "onion" looks like a device for holding those bath bomb balls or some kind of bath salts.
I like the danish mic tho i dont know why it says red when its not red i dont think i know the brand
Not even fireproof
I don't know what is more still the dry ass candy hanging on the wall because nobody f****** goes anywhere near that awful house because millionaires have multiple homes that they don't f****** use or the s***** interior design
I was on the verge of “is it a real house- is it not” until that secret room downstairs being opened with a mirror. No sane person would do that. Can you imagine CONSTANT the fingerprints?
Totally weird… absolutely built as a place to confuse and elude.  You are probably spot on with your assumptions, boys… 😮
3:57 ?? the frame is now on their wall…?
gay 🐟
18:22 POV: You're 9 years old in the house of an Illuminati child wrangler
Just buy a damn castle
100% pdf house
Pausing right at about 15:57 is very fun to do
Diddys house
wolfenstein 3d ass house
You guys crack me up 😂😂😂😂
the more mansion tours i see the more i’m convinced that crazy wealthy people have zero taste, and even less care for where their staff live
Not like our communist comrade and friend Hasaan, he is a humble millionaire of the people with great tastes in mansions.
I know y’all are joking about the kids, but I seriously think a pedo owns or previously owned that house. At least someone that’s really off/sketchy. There’s just too many odd, creepy decor for children.
I will subscribe to your Patreon the exact moment you guys can confirm for me that Aleksa is wearing something than that dang Ribena shirt in just *one* of those exclusive videos!
Maybe it's not children in the house,  it's just Danny Devito
Wtf, that house is not for adults, there is nothing but Children size things everywhere and what the hell is with that giant icecream cone 😂
Paterson's cool, but onlyfans when?  Edit: i was gonna edit it to fix it but its kinda funny so im leaving it.
The Brillo pad bit actually made me laugh pretty hard
I need that Ribena t-shirt
the owner has child slaves 100000%
The guy looks like Carl Weezer
This house tour video feels like a fever dream. It just doesn’t feel real.
alex at the start: "i like this house" alex at the end: "what is wrong with this house??"
Don't see what the problem is with someone working their entire life to strike it rich. They dont have to pay a maid a million a year. Maybe that maid should have done better in school and focused on a career
Colocaram uma criança de 13 anos pra criar uma mansão no The Sims e esse foi o resultado
Grass in LA is BAD. Watering your lawns is seen as a dick move, because it's a huge stupid waste. Some houses still have it, but people have been moving away from it because it just doesnt work. What's better and you see more commonly in less ridiculous areas is yards that are coated in rock with cactus. You can't just buy water, it's gotta be piped in, and it's already piped in. So youre talking about expanding hundreds of miles of aqueduct, on top of dealing with the bureaucracy. Frankly you probably can't do anything without lobbying the city first. Astroturf is so much easier
To be fair, the area around LA is extremely low population. So it's not really that rich people are taking up precious land. It's more about the economic ability to route funds into development, though the effect is the same of course. But it's all about the house, because the whole thing is build on unpopulated desert with water piped in from many miles away anyway
3:57 LOL THE BRILLO SIGN
I know it was a joke, but this intro inspired me to come out to my mom and dad. They didn’t take it well they said that they will never love me the same and they kicked me out of the house. I don’t have anywhere to stay now thanks a lot guys.
randomly watching this (never have heard of this channel before today) and now realizing I've been inside this house before for some photo shoot in 2022 lol
How did I only just find OTT he's whaisian?
3:57 obsessed w the painting behind Alex for one shot
Looks like Diddy's house😂
Let's be real that's some damn tasty looking dumplings at the start. Eastnortherner Chinese makes hands down the best dumplings
The kid jokes are really funny but I do love the idea that it never occurred to them that a family with kids might live here lol (Who’s kidding no one actually lives here)
True rich smart people (royalties) won't let their homes filmed at all 💁 not even the designs are allowed to be revealed
this has as many secret rooms as i put in my minecraft houses
THE JOKES KEEP WRITING THEMSELVES 😭😭
who is that lady though?
hey wait isnt this that one drew gooden video?
Why does it say 0 likes?
That woman is soo cute and wholesome I cant take it 😩
Alex see's something made at a short height: ITS FOR CHILDEREN 👁👄👁
16:05 malnourished dead bodies of the kids who grew too old and were no longer needed
100% waiting for him to walk into a window but they obviously cut it out
Bro what is that opening song please tell me.
That really is a pedophiles home
it id abit charming tbh
Billionaires bringing dead baby jokes back
greatest patreon plug ever
This video is almost as bad as the original. Well done, boys boys.
it's built like a maze so the children can't find their way out
he walks around like Ozzy Osbourne
That "hairdresser room" definitely isn't being used for that. There's no sinks, no counter space and no space for hair collection. That mirror is 100% a two-way mirror and has a camera on the other side....
i genuinly cant believe how you made 1 little joke and it kept getting backed up with more and more evidence as the video went on LMAO
haha u guys look like the two ppl in a müllermilch add
that patreon plug was a work of art
six minutes in, and I can't take  any more of these eight-year-olds and their audience.
An onion in the bathroom…da fuq 😂
There’s no way that’s their real mum that’s an actor
How some someone spend that much money to make a house look so tacky and cheap?
This popped up on my feed. That sink looks like an emergency urinal. This house looks like a tear down.
Guys the children are the ones doing the boxing Its a child pitfighting ring
Producer Michael is great…..
I’m so glad I clicked on this video. I haven’t laughed this hard in so long.
What's so weird about lots of these LA mansions and some shoddily built villas in the mediterranean that they're not that good as houses. Your typical apartment building has better bathrooms etc (in technical terms, with proper drains and all that)
casual multiple millions of gold in the vault at 13:50
I think Producer  Michael is much creepier than this mansion.... or any of the properties that he reviews, to be honest. ....I never understood how he became so successful and yet he is so ignorant... anyway....It’s Hollywood, I guess....
The Brillo art must belong to a Crackhead.. POP! BANG!
The actual Mona Lisa is half the size,  which is why the real one is so disappointing.  WHY would they put this junk copy in this house in this secret room???
I’d like to thank Jimmy Saville for the fact that we don’t have to explain the Harry Potter closet to Brits.
you guys are the best thing on youtube! Honestly I havnt laughed this hard for a long time! Love you guys x
Astroturf is really big with rich people in Southern California, because the state is always in drought, for a while they were giving out tax breaks to people who had it installed.
11:07 Why the fuck would you build a room with a bunch of people and very high power projectors that could just catch on fire and not just not put an exit sign there, but actively hide it AND make it open inwards?! Haven't we learned this lesson before
Funny how these billionaires haven't discovered that foot pedals for sinks exist yet
Pov: You're an architect, but you haven't learnt how to mark something at anything but 90° angles yet
Literally the voll heath house from ready or not
That was hilarious 😂
The architect and owner should both be in prison for bad kitschy taste.
you know a house is too big when not even a professional house reviewer can think of a reason for all the rooms to exist
Producer Michael is just a bored rich guy who normally obsesses over expensive cars and watches - the houses are a side gig. His cameraman usually knows more about the house than he does, but anyone who gets paid to follow a man with Michaels fashion sense isn't going to complain. They love him on Rodeo Drive.
I think he's never lived there. It's either a rental or it's a property he bought but never used, or only lent to....well, friends with children?
Those mansions always have these weird enormous rooms that are just unsettling and not meant to be lived in.
That is the most Ramada Inn looking mansion I have ever seen
Yeah, nobody lives in that house!
Enes Yilmazer is a much better house reviewer, this guy just seems like he has dementia, or broke in
The onion bath, had a window Door open with no balkony, so its a suicide window.
2:39 as I unterstand is rich, Ferrari, 100k watch rich.
What even is this place!? The designers strip it of all character and then think that adding some random candy related stuff on a stark white color palette makes it look interesting.
The Brillo poster behind y’all for a single shot was great
If I was a millionaire I would built my own house and it would look like a fairy tale house or something straight from ghibli. Something full of little secrets and wood and colorful things. It would have something to look at at every corner.
It's modern meets molester right in the heart of 90210!!
O_O
Like it’s huge. But also hideous. The tile in the bathroom?! Someone call Kelly Whearstler. If you are going to have that much money at least pay someone with taste to decorate it. Also…..ASTRONAUT.
hilarious that the pipework of the little sink is just..not covered up at all.
When your mother is ethnically chinese and speaks only chinese but you're as white as bread
The reality behind these houses is insane. They’re basically show pieces. No one lives in them. An architect  will design these gratuitous monstrosities for billionaire clients that don’t buy them, and they end up being toured and shown off by guys like this. If they do get bought the likelihood of someone living there full time is very low. They’re just real estate investments.
Damn yo mom gave yall some STRONG recessive traits. 😂 shes adorable tho
Aleksas thousand yard stare always gets me 😱🤣
The "gym" is the biggest disappointment.
There's nothing in the fridge because they spent it all on the house. Obviously.
Holy shit, i pissed myself laughing!
This whole house fits into a single pdf file.
Now, those last 6 seconds of that video is probably the most legitimate case of diversity hiring I've seen so far. Kudos
😂😂 the bath onion
The guy doing the video is also incredibly rich, he in one video wore 5 million dollar ear rings without knowing
7:23 Bro how does a house this expensive have a 15 year old POS TV....
that intro is genius
Why do they have framed pictures just leaning against the wall? It's so weird and out of place for a house that's supposed to be so luxurious
The way he rushes through some of these tours has me believing he really is breaking into these homes without the owner's knowledge.
Everything in this house looks like you’d bang your head or put your eye out on it
Producer Michael is the only positive thing capitalism ever brought us. I love him and he deserves every last c note
Lmao at 3:58 they make fun of the stupid art and then they bought one themselves
lmao at 3:56 the same sign from the video appears behind them
The roof areas are destined to be commandeered by pornographers. It’s that tasteless.
Your commentary at 4:10 summarizes it all so well... We have more than enough wealth for everyone to live comfortably, all around the globe. But nope, let's live in a ultra-competitive society where it's normal for one dude to live in a 100M$ mansion while tens of thousands live in the street in the very same city.
3:57 the Brillo sign! The editing is so good 😂
12:54 I hate that I know that but the colours of this icecream are actually the same as the MAP-pride flag.   If you don't know what that is, you're in for an unpleasant surprise.
This one is absolutely killing me, what the hell is going on??
the jokes write themselves unfortunately
for some reason I thought the title said: ¨ billionaires taste bad ¨
Are you editing your own videos?
the staging in this house is CRIMINAL. The hair salon????? Who even thinks of that!
A true billionaire, dont even know whats in his own house - except the pedophile dungeon
Wait, is this Notch's mansion? I remember reading about him having a candy dispenser in the basement of his house. Maybe he sold it recently
A friend of mine saw this video  with me and he turned from laugh to a deep concerning feeling, he said that there are mansion to be rented to porn industries including minor porn activities, and watching this hu realize maybe those are the millionaire who paid for this stupid bug mansion, they're companies, and if is not child abuse, there are companies that intend obviously to target this kind of content where the models just look like younger and younger.  So all become sad and strange this evening like weird
3 videos per month for your patreaon
FYI: there have been studies done and around 90 to 95% of all of the homeless people in California - Yes, including Los Angeles - are not even from the state originally. they come to California because the weather and government handouts make it very easy and comfortable to be homeless.   virtually all of the homeless  are that way by CHOICE - it’s literally a lifestyle choice they make.    and again 90 to 95% of them are drug addicts, alcoholics, etc. and again they CHOOSE to be that way. With the government literally giving them free beer, cigarettes, alcohol, and I think even weed it’s very comfortable to be homeless in California.   I once purchased a full big Mac meal and tried to give it to a homeless person, only for them to refuse it and tell me that “they are vegetarian” I’ve offered work to homeless people holding up signs saying “will work for food” only to have them never show up to work for food or money.   Stop buying into the narrative & feeling sorry for these awful human beings.
lol, I would have never guessed that he was Asian!
It’s not a house, it’s a vacation home and they are the house cleaners.
I was in Kansas and my parents bought a 2 and a half acres and that was a lot of land.
I love how the "imprisoned kids" jokes just kept writing themselves with each new room.
As an American, watching foreigners react in horror makes me feel less completely insane. Thank you for your service.
omg best mom ever XD
Commenting on every Boy Boy video until a video explaining the Yugoslav Wars is uploaded. (Billionaires have bad taste in houses but I have good taste in channels and Boy Boy is 10/10.)
3:57 how much did he ask you for that artwork?
i feel like the whole guy touring the house was all staged but failing to by the fact that the guy was trying not to seem lost but he fucked up.
He could be Bidens younger brother.
I would love for @Boy_Boy to cover the newish Netflix show about Goldin Collectibles. The fact they show a trading card valued at "$40-50 million" is just another sign of what's wrong with this world, that we actually have got to the point where a small square of paper is more important than feeding people or building homes.
Gotta make the house a maze so if the slaves escape they got lost
its crazy that an acre is like 1/100th of the land my family owns, the average landowner has 16.9 acres (or 6.8 hectares) in the usa
This house looks like it was built by AI
Surely it is not a coincidence that above-average many of the super rich are psychopaths and the interior design of rich people's houses is best described as 'completely devoid of any warmth or homeliness'.
You made me watch the patreon promo. This is exactly where I wanted to have you. Now 10 of my guys can enter the Pine Gap joint United States-Australian satellite intelligence gathering and signals intelligence surveillance base.
Guys - is the videographer in the video the guy from Jolly??!!!
It really is dystopian to have this many unused, billion-dollar mansions in a place where homelessness is as visibly terrible as it is in LA
Candies dispenser in the house is because there's no food in the fridge
this is fucking peak humor i swear
Can we all agree pedophile is not funny? It's creepy. There's nothing to laugh about guys. Ok?
Stop putting down blind people by comparing them to greedy assholes please. Thanks 😊
Mate be playing Dark Souls the house
are this 2 guys gays
America is the perfect example of a true capitalist hellscape. Billionaires in huge mansions in Beverley hills, whilst 60000 homeless live in a shanty town.
the funniest thing I saw in this was the Chairs at the dining table in the Outside Bar. which are quite literally, bougie-er versions of the Anti-Suicide chairs you find in most American Mental Facilities.
Is this where Willy Wonka retired?
the intro edit is sad and cool at the same time
Pretty sure this is a Ready Or Not map
I did a thing is chinese russian?
that intro has the premise to be a tv show
xiexie mama
This is like the house i design in The Sims by putting expensive but meaningless stuffs in it
Love the 9 gold bars in the sage just chillin. At the very least that's more than 2MILLION USD worth of gold if those are 24k gold bars
They both got so scared of the shadow women
This video was fkn hilarious. The way they just played off the joke and how the house just set them up with things to joke about. Glad I found this video 🤣🤣🤣
The Brillo gag was impeccable. I absolutely loved that. Whoever did the editing, that was a masterpiece.
Imagine you live in a house where your guests constantly get lost trying to find the bath room :D
I was staying in LA I checked out of my hotel... I was hungover and suddenly realized I had to poop. But one of those hangover poops that if I fart I am going to gamble and lose. I started going around to different establishments restaurants trying to find somewhere to go to the bathroom in la. By the eighth place that I entered and was told that I couldn't use the bathroom. I am ashamed to say I kind of lost it in the middle of a pizza place . Ivan yelled at the top of my lungs, is there anywhere to s*** in this city beside the street. 😅  I look like a crazy person but genuinely there is nowhere to poop in La except for the sidewalk unless you've purchased something
the tour man gives me jimmy Savile vibes
Who is this nice lady they stole
It’s Astro turf because it’s illegal to use a certain amount of water in California regardless of how rich you are. So a lot of people put in fake grass to keep the appearance of lawns without the need to water them.
Link for Mom's OF please, asking for a friend...
why have evrything in the elements white, WHY????
Its really cool that alexa's mom could be in this video
Anyone here play “ready or not”?
It scares me that the cameraman sounds a LOT like Phil Wang
Lmaooooo
That was the best plug-in for Patreon ever
the house layout is just terrible, everything is so boxy and disjointed
Also, it's kinda cringe the fact that you would need someone else like Andrew Tate to tell you about your potential and self worth like cmon live a little and have a self realization instead??
you guys have the only patreon ads i actually sit through they’re too good
Having worked on rich homes..... They're often unoccupied for months so they don't leave food to spoil and commonly numerous bugs/mice etc die in the corners. Bad engineering looks fancy but leads to leaks. Nobody wants to say no or explain anything to a rich person so they get people to build things that fail.
there's a better thing such as patreon that only takes 1.45 dollars per month, i saw it on a shorts from creator 'thor' hacker guy who ownes ferrets
3:38 they didn't even bother to hang it up...
love the shadows of doubt SFX
this is the first time ive really laughed in a while. thanks guys.
what is the song playing in the beginning?
If liminal spaces were real
I like how they didnt mention when the dude said "toys everywhere" like that was such an obvious st up to the joke going throughout the entire episode
i havent laughed this much at a youtube video ever, congrats
11:17 I'm tripping balls what the fuck is happening?! This shit don't make sense
It looks like a display home. Like no one lives there. Very creepy.
Reminds me of Premier League Soccer players walking in to to training wearing really ridiculous looking clothes that they probably paid thousands of dollars for. Or they got paid to wear possibly.
Please come to Ontario, Canada! There’s a small town you guys need to investigate like you did at pine gap! Look up sarnia Ontario, Canada! So many things that are just WRONG going on in that city!! It’s the cancer capital of all of Canada! PLEASEEEEEEEEE SEE THIS! I’d help you get to and see everything they try to hide! Let’s get ahold of each other!! Help expose that place!! And you can stay here for free. Just flights I can’t do lol!
This place looks ugly, empty and soulless, and although the kid's stuff started as a joke it makes the place a whole lot creepier.
my apartment looks better then this.............
That editing in the into juxtaposing the numbers of square footage and homeless numbers, impeccable.
He’s a skinny blind Donald trump look alike with a little dementia.
California has the most furthest left-wing politics and government run wealth distribution bullshit in the ENTIRE United States and yet they have by FAAAAAAAAR the biggest problem with wealth inequality and homelessness... Coincidence?... I think not. 🤷 You guys are so obsessed with "owning the right" that you blatantly ignore all the equally stupid and evil bullshit from the other side.
“The only things that are more expensive are dumber looking clothes” He says wearing a “Ribena” t-shirt
16:36 oh god
A BATH ONION!!! I shall adopt this as my life saying that confuses common folk when told of it's presence.
Wtf.
This dude Michael the producer is a watch wanker he like extra fancy watches and  likes showing people  how rich he is. The prancing about Hollywood in is snake skin print suits and leather trousers. Hes the Liberace of luxury watches.
What's with the ribena tee-shirt.
If you post video tours for a living. Why would you post the cut where you straight up say  "I dunno how to get out to that part of the property."
I dont get how on I did a thing you can be so happy funny and positive and then boy boy is negative as fuck. Its honestly annoying to watch like so many videos are negative the entire time.
you should make out more often on your videos because they're getting boring (complement)(not homophobic) (im gay) (i can say the fslur)
This was absolutely hilarious, more videos like this please!
actually hilarious, i love your sense of humor
Seriously this 'house' is the ugliest most soulless hash of copy paste architectural hacks I've ever seen. "Isn't it marvellous?" - No it's a barn with crap furniture
@2:42 Hey stop picking on John Denver, I like him
Our maid we pay her quite a lot and when we get back from our fishing trips we give her some of the fish.
OH MY GOD is that REAL Heineken? No way it's real Heineken.
The first skit promoting the Patreon was incredible hahahaha
The first house definitely isn't lived in it just gets rented out to film porn films.
this guy toured the most expensive, ugly mansion in LA, and it actually had a sex dungeon.
everything is so ugly!
The sad reality is that this house is probably not lived in by anyone. Its a ridiculous wasteful super-mansion that stands empty until some dude like this shows up to market it
There are actually housekeeping services that use NDAs for high-profile clients. It's supposed to be for the blonde hair on your guest pillow that you don't want your wife to know about, but I'm confident those people have quietly seen the absolute worst of humanity.
This was actually the best Patreon ad ever 😂
no way, i had no idea boy boy was half chinese
Colin Furze has definitely brought the missus down to his tunnel of love lmfao
Dude homie is just mad tripping balls.
Did anyone else knowdis the  Brillo sign behind them 3:42
The reason the house seems like nobody lives in it is because, well, that's exactly the case.  These "house YTbers" really are just a way to promote a house that's on sale- usually because the owner went broke and nobody wants the ugly fkin place.
我没有钱!!!! :(
Hilarious ❤
Epstein 2.0
Did he say real HEINEKEN ? Man this is a billonaire's house ! Heineken is like the most off-brand, cheapest, disgusting beer you can have in Europe. That's nothing to brag about 😂
6:34 don’t do that to Collin furz🤦‍♂️ because Mark Zuckerberg isn’t building the ultimate bunker because islands are old skool 😂
Unequal wealth distribution is a core value of American culture
He didn’t even go into the secret room he showed in the beginning
Ah "maid's quarters". I thought he said this is the "mage quarters." For the court mage. Which, originally, the reason castles were big because lots of people lived in them. It would be much better and less wasteful if they had mages and other people living in their mansion with them and not exclusively them and their personal servants.
I don’t think anyone is meant to live in any of these houses or do anything that normal people would. My bet is it’s a status symbol or some kind of money laundering (maybe both)
Never forget when Alex and Aleksa pissed off conservative America
that fuckin introoooo, Lmao.
your mother is so sweet :D
Im not lying when i say this is one of my favorite youtube videos
Since when did being super-rich = having a really bland spartan house built to the cheapest specifications they could get away with and absolutely no embellishments that actually scream class and wealth? Why is it EVERYTHING about architecture and interior design in current year is desperate to look like an airport departure lounge or a mall?
I've watched a few videos of you guys now and omg it's amazing, educational yet entertaining my fav combo
3:48 I was just watching this, and I agreed with what they said, and then I just looked at the top corner after the first watch will not the first watch this while I was watching it right now, and I noticed something
You have a lot of money, and you want to live like Saudi royalty, more power to you. But dear God, using your wealth to create something is insanely ugly, inhospitable, and sterile...Says a lot about character and taiste, or a complete lack of the the latter.
PERFECT
Damn an octogenarian reviewing mansions. With nothing to add. Nice. Wonder why nobody buy's these. Where is my dragon ball poster that alternates Goku forms. Use a poster for "bang" "pop" mentally ill people.
Give a man a fish, and he's fed for a day. Teach a man to fish and the pond loses all its fish.
This is the patreon ad of all time
3:57 lol nice editing
reminds me of a ready or not map...
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen in a while. The child sized boxing bag broke me
Wait that window at 16:32 has 0 seals? It's just a single glas pane?! With no rubber seal around the edge or something?19th century ass insulation
He stands in what is clearly a guest room and just goes "these must be the servants quarters :)". No way are those the servants quarters they either sleep off premisses in their car or something or in the basement.
Mom was great
The best patreon plug I’ve ever seen
i love the running "joke"
Looks like a porn set
I don't know the context of this channel, how i got here, but I WANNA KNOW MORE  I mean, the humour of these two on a channel? YEAH
Jeffrey Epstein's second home looks tight.
He said: Everywhere you look it has outside areas attached to it! No shit! It’s not just the points in the house that shows the outside that’s outside. If he went out and looked, he’d notice an astonishing feat of engineering. All of the house on the outside is outside! Amazing!
People like him annoy the hell out of me. They put so much emphasis on rich people as if they are somehow an evolved to being deity’s or something. Cool, yea, they have money. And? They are human and that is exactly what the 100,000,000,000 humans to have ever existed.
So John Lennon didn't actually die then, just became an estate agent.
Your mama is beautiful no wonder Alex is so hot
10/10 intro oh my god
17:20 "real Heineken", we all know only rich people drink Heineken
7:30 this is the kind of shit that people use disable to get rid of in anvil
Sink that low is to no need for manscape products, just wash them smelly balls!
what is the music of the intro?
I somehow remember the sweatshop video, but I can't find it anymore? Did they have to delete it? What is ist called?
They are the most gay straight guys ever 😂
When your poor and try coping
I didnt know trump could fall even lower, well i guess now that i know he is blind i kinda feel bad for him.
I hate this house so much
butthurt
this house is the origin place of all flying insects. when they fly into stuff trying to get outside it’s because they expect random hidden doors to open.
How can you guys not know producer Michael is a multimillionaire and trashing his shirt while wearing that purple shirt
this house set up like a DOOM level, running into walls looking for secrets
That patreon ad was unhinged
that brillo painting is hilarious cause you put brillo in a crack pipe to hold the crack while smoking it
This is the best youtube channel.
At 13:02 reminds me unironically about a joke from portal 2 "Seeing this prison with force fields really makes me think I'm in the future" later there was a power outage and the warden was stabbed, turns out using an 100% energy dependent contingency was a mistake.
It's not THEIR fault that all the people without a home came to where they have a home lol
That intro was good
did you add the brillo poster in or was that real? da hell lol
Bro went to Dan Flash for a shirt that complicated
Your mother is actually a great actor
genuinely i dont know if youre related or gay lovers. the ultimate siblings or lovers
With all the unobstructed clear glass in the place, I was just waiting the whole time for the guy to walk face first into a window or something.
This is the weirdest fucking house I have ever seen. Lol the shag in the the hair salon killed me.
😄 i love your humor! Great Videos! And: Best patreon commercial ever...i was really thinking about it...for a second. greetings from germany ❤
That’s a lie that woman is a kid actor so is Colin ferz
If Ants-In-My-Eyes Johnson toured houses
Looking for housing... And seeing how some people live is really inspiring. And  there is jealousy
please post the sweat shop video
Think I've just found my new favourite channel!
9:30 to confuse escaping children lol
I need more of these reaction videos in my life!  I think I've watched all the ones you have up on Youtube now and I'll have to find some change to make the patreon happen so I can see more.
This video is hilarious, it's so awesome and funny to watch 🤣🤣 Best scene: 16:35  Check out Alex' face in the following seconds 🤣🤣
Am i out of touch is a acre a lot of land? I mean i guess for a city of LA its a lot of land but it just dont seem like that much.
15:39 They want the lamp because that's genuine candy-fed not-so-free-range hair...
Marble, sterile, hard edges, zero comfort, ugly as shit art, and massivily oversized room with basically nothing in it. that is pretty much how all these obscenely rich people houses are.
I swear that bathroom onions are a thing?
Thanks Mom.
Can't leave Neverland
this dude should really not be a host, i hated every minute
his literal video is just "heres a thing, i wont show u but ooo a thing, i guess"
This guys house tour style is giving Joe Biden
It's so offputting how manufactured the interior design is. They didn't even try to make it look lived in they just put stereotypical items from each room type and lined them up as decor.
The brillo painting in the back for like 5 seconds after being shown 😂
Producer Michael is awesome. Yeah he is pretty rich, but him and Adam are entertaining.
I love when you added the brillo sign XD
The Astro-turf is probably part of the California/celebrity trend to _appear_ to be environmentally conscious (by not wasting water to water your lawn) while also demolishing the land to put your massive house, burning fossil fuels to heat/cool/power it (and the dual fire pits), while also flying your private jet all over the world. It’s pretty typical Hollywood behavior
This is like my nightmeres i have to escape a bad person but then iam trapped in like something like this and cant find the path outside xD
How is the acting in the opening skit so good wtf
Older version of Dora the explorer
holy shit your mom is an AMAZING actor fr
Why not join nebula?
hrrnrngnghgghhhhh
So crazy that absolute trash is so expensive
Astronaut!
He looks like he is a knock-off Trump
😂💀
We love each other really really much.
WHO TFS' MUM WAS THAT
Everything about this house is hideous and shouldn't exist.
That ice cream and candy room next to the theater is definitely the pedophile dungeon
real Heineken- AAAAAHHHH
The house is literal maze so the prey can't escape.
This is what happens when someone has too much money! Eat the rich.
7:25 not to mention the TV looks 10+ years old
I actually really enjoy watching the tour guy he’s so goofy 😂
We need more Yugoslavic / Chinese female power couples. Your moms are so amazingly supportive and such an inspiration. My moms weren't as supportive when I tried to be an arms dealer with a patreon. I'm so jealous
This house is definitely an air b&b / sex trafficking ring.
love your mom! great stuff gents
idk why rich people have 2 living, 10 bedrooms, elevator, game rooms, private movie theater and a giant kitchen but live absolutely alone and doesnt even know how to crack an egg
This Mansion is so Expensive, but nothing worth, nothing  Personal, nothing that you couldn't just bought
Where they get this nice lady act like their mom 😂😂😂 and how?!??
Austin powers
Hey, no hate for Producer Michael, he is a really nice guy, for a rich guy :)
who tf's mom is that???
Bath onion?
Every one of these rich people house videos i've seen has been just useless space filled with furniture no one will ever use. Every room looks like a sitting area in a hotel lobby or something.
Isn't this like a one of those rental houses? Like you rent it, pretend it is yours, then get the fuck out?
How delightful. A bath onion.
It’s for the children, it’s for the children 😂 Gold
doesnt seem worth 100 mil. more like 10 EDIT: ok 20 seems more realistic, but still ugly
this genuinely looks like jefferey's epsteins house from that netflix documentary
Hey love your vids. Quick suggestion- you should link your patreon on about section of your youtube page.   You will get more members by that.
This place looks like it was designed by Donald T****
I only clicked thumbs-up because of your mum!
How you you're not my biological lovers...I'll never know. Even Ma's accent was so full of love here!  Fucking brilliant guys 🤘🤘🤘
All jokes aside, that house just sucks ass. You would have to pay me to live in there.
The boxing bag, thankfully, is just at its lowest setting. I have one. And I can confirm, it helps with those kids
The addition of the brillo picture in their background after he said it was lame was so funny
Lol I love the casual dig and simultaneous shoutout for Collin Furze XD
Nts 1:33
If Fritzl had been a billionaire....
just look how dirty the pool is
I think the hidden doors where the house designers trying to let the kids escape
It's so insane how small the "maids quarters" are compared to everything else. I bet you one of those paintings is more than the construction cost of that room.
like a dark souls house
This is easily a top 10 video on youtube. Rewatchability is insane
Sad fact:  No one actually live there
🥰
Whats that Chinese Funk Track at the Start 😮
“Bang! Brillo. Pop” Me: that things kinda cool Boy boy: that’s the lamest thing I’ve ever seen Me: same
5:02 if you fill a glass down there it’ll look like you’re pissing in the glass
He's like a poor imitation of Donald Trump.. 😅
Wow I love Parasite I can't believe they made a real house based on it
All the secret rooms are for when the cops show up
His commentary on the house is like that one side mission in hitman 3 where agent 47 has to try and sell a house
16:35 HE SAID THE THING
The editing in this is just so good!
The person probably has multiple homes and they are not currently living in that one.
They use astroturf sometimes due to Cali limiting your water usage. It also helps if you aren't at your house very often.
OMG! this was the best in a long time hahahahaha!
dude, the sketch with the chinese lady is priceless 🤣🤣
Nice
the editor is actually godly
Why does the guy sound like Gold Member from Austin Powers?
That's the worst designed house I've ever seen
The sink at 5:14 is not for the children as they mentioned but for pissing in when bored
guy walks into the garden and ends up in a different garden
We're so proud of them 😭     Nah rich people flex the dumbest things
Such houses were built as investments and not for living
Imagine buying your dream house working hard to achieve it and then these guys call you a pedophile………. Fkn disgusting
If you worked hard in life you can have 2 acres or 10…….. why should someone just have bare minimum if they took more risk, I know people that have risked everything in their lives and either won or lost in the business they started / career they deserve what they buy
I love you Producer Michael 🥰
Maybe I'm just being especially autistic today but.....are you guys fuckin sure you aren't just gay?  Like I can't even stress how little I would care but It's wild how hard this channel goes in that regard.
A lot of the supposed multi million dollar homes look like a hotel suite. It's like all the designers have a brain aneurysm when designing expensive homes. All this modern, sleek, futuristic motif is just lazy design. copy pasta that turns a home for your family into a cold, utilitarian sleek hotel suite.
If all the unhoused people just walked in and started living in these huge waste of space houses, I wonder what would happen...I mean, really think it through...violence against the unhoused would be met with lawsuits and “societal unrest”...trespassing charges are the worst prosecutable offense as long as there is never the intent to burgle/damage...and picking up and leaving quickly, only to relocate to another vacant mansion would be just another Tuesday. Meanwhile, consistent freedom from random street violence would be restful, and maybe (for some) exactly enough time to work out a plan...the ability to keep a phone charged to access social services or work options is life changing.
By the time you TRY to get out you're 7. And then you go straight to the dungeon
He has a escape room so he can flee from the Fed's
wait you guys are brothers???
Kinda surprising they didn't cover hasan's house
I was caught off guard when she started speaking Chinese 💀
i love your channel dammit so entertaining 🤣
Don't forget to put the Patreon money through the gambling machines
This home belongs to a world renowned pedo art thief that likes secret hidden rooms
producer michael is actually the same guy who used to be the drummer in tears for fears
Bruh where is that sweat shop video?
GG editor
Copia barata do gordão reações
Thats what I'm missing. I need a bath onion.
I just love how houses like this get pretty much make every architectural and design mistake you can think of making it solely appealing to pictures
your mum should be an actor if she's not one already (sorry i don't watch much australian stuff [well except aunty donna])
Jiieuebsnijuusbwndjdjdj
I was losing it through most of this video but the fucking boxing bag bit had me in tears laughing holy shit
That wonderful lady better have been paying extra
the house is so confusing to prevent invaders from attacking effectively, like casle muiderslot
his sunglasses are so *askew*
I would love to see a acre large toilet complex in LA.
They got that resident evil/ horror game modern mansion layout
That house is sad. Even the owner don't want to live there. The architect just followed the owner's instructions even though it's bad.
4:08 You know, I've never been able to visualize what a singular acre looks like until now.
Dementia Paul McCartney and his tattooed sidekick couldn't be less interested in touring this glorified Minecraft base lmao
Beverly Hills That's where I don't wanna be! -Weezer
I like you guys adding a random thing to the wall every so often.
what's the song @ 1:54 ?
Really thought you were gonna joke about the lamp being made of children hair
We love eachother really much
the duel firepits are because just one of them doesnt have enough heat for that large of a space lmfaooooo anyone whos been around one of them knows
" 👉 Astronaut!!"  Makes me laugh every time. What a weird pair.
The reason there was no children was because the shadow monster killed them all and he KNOWS IT
Your mum is literally amazing ❤❤❤
Your mom is so cool. also why does she actually know how to act, that's not what mom's are good at doing?
I am a fan of secret doors and rooms, however, this house is just like an 8 year old's Sims house: Lots of space with random designs which don't match and objects which don't serve any purpose scattered around the house. But unlike Sims, these rooms generate energy costs and need to be cleaned. I also don't think that anybody lives in this house, or at least doesn't use 80% of the space which is just wasteful. If you are purchasing a mansion, villa or castle, you should really consider on how to use the rooms: Perhaps there are rooms specifically for work with desks and computers for employees. Perhaps there are rooms for the extended family who lives with you. Perhaps there are public rooms, e.g.: art exhibitions. If it's just for one or two people with no other space usage, a smaller home is just easier to manage, less cost generating and will probably make them happier as well.  If I had this financial freedom and lived alone or with my partner, I would probably build a house which contains a master bedroom, a guest bedroom, an office / recording studio, a bathroom, a (guest) loo, a kitchen with a dining table, a living room, two smaller rooms for laundry and household items like cleaning equipment, a shed and a garden with a terrace. Everything combined, including the garden, could take up an area of less than 500m2 because otherwise, I don't think it is manageable.
Kiitos!
Rule No. 1, exposed pipes as seen just prior to 5:14 is a no no . . . tacky!
I love watching videos about super tiny living spaces and all the ways people have optimized their space for comfort, usability, w/e. A lot of those apartments can also be very much on the expensive side but I am struck by how completely opposite these mansions are. Ugly with such little thought put into the livability, space for no reason other than to take up more than your neighbors.
Rich people always have the most freaky and/or pretentious looking shit lmao
The tiny punching bag really got me good 🤣
That is fuckin yikes my dudes O_O
I feel like rich people houses are so unnerving because rich people themselves are less than human so they try to build a normal looking house but ultimately fail because they just don’t understand normalcy.
I’m crying laughing you guys are so funny
They don’t realize that it’s not children it’s a REALLY short billionaire. He’s like 3 feet tall he’s like an egg
This is such an ugly house. If I for some weird reason I was given this house, I'd sell it immediately and buy a nice house for the money. The layout is atrocious, and the interior is even worse.
Is no one talking about the poster in 3:58???
7:18 the table kinda looks like a cage (which can conveniently fit a child-sized person in the middle of it)… totally not weird or suspicious at all
your mum is great.
It's like a Doom map. Just run along all the walls trying to find all the secret doors.
I am now convicted all millionaires are pedophiles.
Man, don’t show this house to the Q folks. They’ll have a damn field day. 😅
This has the same feeling as the Valley of Dolls house from Ready or Not
Um, why are rich people houses like unironically ugly? Like these people are just super unimaginative when it comes to building houses. At least old timey mansions they actually looked interesting, like something you might want to go see. Instead these places were designed by the worst interior decorators on Earth with the creativity of a baked rock.
That patreon ad was unhinged
Besides rich pedophiles there are just a lot of rich people who have lots of children, like their own.
When you really think about it 🤔is what ever architect designer and contractor that fuk up building shit houses... rich people don't know what they want 🙃they just mindless zombies that follow pointless fabs🙃(and poor people don't have money so they have to make it themselves so is unique one-of-a-kind)
That punching bag is made for kids, like I had the exact same bag when I was little 😭
"real Heineken" as if basic bitch beer is something to be proud of...
the shag carpet in the barber room is to make life more miserable for the housekeeper
We are ALL going to hell with this kind of Jokes... And I Love It!!!🤣🤣
@15:35 Day 46: *Panic, delirium setting in.* "We cannot get out : They have taken the stairs and the second hall...  We hear carnival music... music in the deep."
the intro lmao
That was the best patron ad I have ever seen lmao
I like how the jokes made in the beginning were backed up by more and more evidence that some kind of deviant lives in that ‘home’.
17:48 Ok maybe its just me but naming things randomly is super hilairous to me 😭
Your videos make my day so much better
14:50 nah, the homeowner forgot to tie their onion back onto their belt, which was the style at the time
you have your mothers eyes <3
Producer Michael! Love that guy❤ hes actually a cool dude. But rich people have really bad taste in houses tho
Best patreon ad ever
All these hidden rooms and illusionary walls be giving me Dark Souls vibes.
Tryna smoke a bong here but you guys got me in absolute hysterics 😆😆😆🤣🤣
this is hasan's house
i wanna know if she’s really their mama
The ... "Sculptures" of Ice-cream and the Lollipop remind me of RollerCoaster Tycoon 1's Scenery items you could use. This all makes sense with the room for all the.. rest of the house.
Love that lady
16:35 this is surprisingly hilarious
This is actually Dracula's Castle from Castlevania wtf
Rich people have so much money they turn their homes into an Indiana Jhones escape rooms
Its weird to think that it would take me more than 50 lifetimes to be able to afford that house
Honestly, the astroturf is the one thing in this video I'm not viscerally disgusted by. A wildlife garden would be better, but if you *absolutely must* give in to social pressure and have a boring, perfectly-flat green blah in your backyard, astroturf is far less wasteful in LA compared to having to water an actual lawn.
the house is confusing so the kids cant escape, they just get lost and die
3:50 is that Jack from The Shining? On the thing on the right with Donald Duck
He blue balls us with the secret pedo door.
Do the same but in secondlife
1:57 whatss the song name ?
Imagine being removed so far from actual society that you think this is a nice house... Stuff can be expensive and still c*ap..
Jealous of his Ribena shirt
That place looks like it's straight out of GTA 5's casino penthouses
This video is so hilarious to me.   I’ve seen it 3 time and every time I laugh so hard. You’re guys content is so good.
:DDDD xx
This house is so creepy, sterile and bizarrely arranged. I don’t think it was built for people, it’s just a speculative asset.
1:55 this dude has airwolf,
I don't know if peodphilia is such a good topic to make fun of. Maybe next time try some holocaust jokes or something.
He never went back to the secret door, what a scam
This is the kinda house where people would use like 2 or 3 rooms max and the other rooms are largely abandonded or someone uses without the current owner realizing their existence
At least in my state, we're caring enough that we're all poor together. Our rich people in Mississippi are about as rich as lower middle class people in San Francisco.
3:35 my elementary school backpack had one of those but it was mario kart
3:57 I fully thought yall bought the wall art
The way the just point and blurt out the first thing that pops into their heads - it's like they've suffered mild to moderate brain damage.
12:00 its full of hidden doors so the children get lost trying to escape.
I just imagine people visiting this house must be like someone playing Dark Souls 3 for the first time and running into every single wall to see if there's a hidden room behind it
"this room has a secret" a hidden closet with 3 kids tied up in it
the reason their houses are so confusing and maze-like, and this is not a joke, is a security measure in case the peasants outside go to try to kill the rich. they have all these crazy winding tunnels and side hallways that they can disappear into while everyone trying to get them gets lost
This house has more secret walls than a DOOM 1 map.
3:57, right after they finished hating on the poster🤣🤣
Given they’re previous videos making fun of school-related tragedies I feel like they’re the last ones to judge others taste.
5:13 the cables or whatever just hanging there under the sink kinda piss me off. You pay a hundred mil to not do a thing I can do with some  tape?
The sink is to flush coke and pee if you can’t make it.
Defo need more of this watch series!
14:43 this giant house with all these useless empty rooms and then they have a tiny ass bathtub? If I had this kind of money and a house that big my bathtub would look like a fuckin sensory deprivation tank, that one looks like it'd barely fit me head to toe.
This is the most unnecessary amount of house I've ever seen with my own 2 eyes. Also, rich people astroturf their lawns because it doesn't grow, it doesn't die, it barely needs maintainence, you can clean it if you have OCD and are terrified of the outside world, and you discourage any animals from coming and making a home in your lawn...we wouldn't want those pesky birds to be chirping or even having somewhere habitable within 1 mile of you. Wildlife is for the peasantry. Us upper class fly to Africa and shoot lions in a gated wildlife preserve, from the safety of a jeep and 6 actually trained professionals...peasents..
Your mom is awesome.
upside down lollipop looks like blood...Adrenochrome...kids, assorted sweets on tap, hidden doors. join the dots.
Why was the blind guy so exited about Heineken
California starts looking like South Africa
So confused, whose mother is she?
666k subs, 66k likes >:)
Its like the  freaking Villa in Ready or not 💀
did he just not explain y he screamed at the outdoor bar????? like they left that in the video with no explanation whatsoever
a psychopath lives in this house hell no HELL NO
That frame at 14:26 had me crying shout out to Ostonox
That man is a charisma black hole
the boxing bag is actually designed for kids xD
this video was a delight
Wondering what the bass rig was in the intro??
I have 16 Anchors so one isn’t much
Plot twist it’s just a family with kids
Talking about public toilets, what a commie.
could you imagine trying to find that goddamn wall-door drunk in the middle of the night? fuckin nightmare.
editor who did the d3adbody in the tub scene i laughed out loud and clapped good one
you do not understand how hard I had to fight to not drown myuself on dry land with a mouthfull of water laughing at 17:30 then hard cut to "[pronounced with the sad echoes of reminiscence] lollypop...ASTRONAUT!"
The cameraman was one of the children in the dungeon, perhaps?
Disturbing
The boxing gloves and bags are for the children. He trains them to pit them against each other. He invites his rich friends over to watch.
The shadow people trapped in the walls was what sent me ultimately. Truly shocking and repulsive. Imagine reaching for a lamp in the middle of the night and touching hair, then when you run out of the room to escape you come face to face with that. Terrifying.
what song is 16:36 called again?
the dude kinda looks like donald trumps brother.
I need the ribena shirt
Damn, can’t believe you guys put Hasanabi’s house on blast like this 🤦‍♂️ have some class guys.
We need more of this 😂😂😂 too funny
This is the highest budget patreon reveal I’ve ever see
Lol, "real" Heineken.  Heineken is the shitty pisswater we Dutchies give to tourists... And apparently to millionaires. There's loads of great Dutch pilseners, why choose Heineken?
Colin Furze probably makes the most fun sex dungeon gear.
Na fuck this is way too funny holy shit
When you had that Brillo frame behind you actually killeddd me
I’m an architect and I completely agree with the boys, the house is fukkin disgusting
The edits are fucking great
he's installed a trough for the children, how efficient
15:56 this is when it also took a turn for me ..thats creepy
The reason the house is so hard to navigate is because they don't want the kids escaping it
honestly surprised you didn't choose his tour of "the one", what a experience
14:24 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ostonox  editing skills are unmatched
I like the plot of the video being too criminals break into a rich guy's house and discover that the rich guy is an even worse criminal
North Korea got the boys acting based
the only two possibilities for the existence of this house is wanting to know how it feels to be inside of a kid.
A.D.D?  Where's the naked chick rising out of the clam (bathtub)?  Could "hairy lamp" be a euphemism?  Could this be a Disney ride?
There is a house on Long Island called the Kings point or something and it has a 2 story dollhouse for the children in the basement right next to the lazy river. It’s also the ugliest interior for a house ever
The intro is such a fever dream
We need this house as a map for Rainbow Six Seize and Ready or Not.
Name of song at 2:05?
Imagine the owner is just a midget, that would explain all the child things innit
its all so clinical, looks like no one lives there.
wow I can't believe they're rich enough to have REAL Heineken, my family can only afford the much cheaper Heineken light.
“The sponsors don’t want us talking about child labor” lmaoo
I used to work in a lot of rich people houses with my dad, some were really cool and had nice ideas, some were just plain fucked. One guy for example had all his floors made from leather, just cause no one else had it. Another one converted all his floors to glass so he could see all his cars from every floor. Ripped it out again though cause he forgot that he can see under his maid‘s skirt.
the sound that plays whenever he says something questionable is killing me
LA is the most depressing city I've ever been to
You idots are fuking awesome
Why would you have a house? Be homeless. It's good for the environment.
that  "guide" probably bribed one of the kids to let him in for a tour. the guide is defiantly blind(from finding kids in hot tubs)
Is he adopted?
Bro is touring Jeferry Epsteins house.
You guys are siblings?
The way that every time you both made an attempt to stop making the hidden children joke the architecture just delivered the punchline all on its own…that had me ROLLING.  So happy I found this channel.
This video popped up on my recomended after playing valley of the dolls map ready or not wtf
This is the most I’ve laughed in a very long time
Whenever I see houses like this, I just think "90% of that house is never going to be utilized, what the fuck is the point?"  It's just rich people with too much money than they know what to do with spending it on stupid fucking shit to show how wealthy they are instead of using it on things that'd actually be helpful, like building housing for the homeless, or conservation, or paying off people's debt, etc.  America truly is 'Capitalism: The Country'.  If the top 1% in America just put 1% of their net worth towards something good, most of America's problems would be solved. But instead they hoard their wealth like dragons with their gold. It honestly should be illegal to have more than a net worth of $1 billion. Once you hit that much, the money you make goes to people who need it. What the fuck is anybody ever going to do with $1 billion anyways? You could live a lavish comfortable life 100x over with that much.   If I were ever stinking fucking rich, I'd build a modest house, a house where every room has a purpose and is something I'd actually utilize on a regular basis, and would have the land surrounding the house setup as a sort of nature sanctuary where all the native animals can thrive, and make sure the house is a net negative on greenhouse emissions via solar panels, collecting and purifying rainwater, etc.
This shit is so fire idk how I haven't seen this channel before
Money can buy you anything except good taste
All the PDO jokes were so fucking perfect! 😂😂😂  If I ever become a billionaire, I'm going to have you guys help me design the house. That way I'll have lots of storage for the children.... I mean....ummm..... I'll have lots of "play rooms" with very secure doors for the children....
*_The ped0 dungeon jokes literally write themselves._*
punching bag is to train to beat the kids into submission when they try to escape
With how many rich people end up pedophile or sex trafficking. I wouldn’t be surprised if the house was designed with kids in mind. False walls and floors are big with traffickers. The more confusing and complex the house the less likely someone wants to spend the time to search every nook.
The hot tub is for cooking children.
"duel fire pit". there is zero reason to have two fire pits, and there is zero reason to buy the cool fancy expensive ones, i have a fire pit, it's made out of an oil drum and some bricks, and it works better than a fancy one like the two that it shows, i bet those duel fire pits can't even cook a hot dog.
how cool is this intro
Beste Männer ' ^^
12:33 the AstroTurf is to cover up the bumps in the dirt that the dead bodies make
How are you doing 3D editing?
I actually couldn’t stop laughing with all this kid stuff man. There’s too much of it for it not to be a coincidence
This House is actually completely shit like some kid designed it
You guys need to figure out how to tour those houses. Obviously it can' t be that hard if that bozo is doing it. Boy Boy Opulent Cribs please!!
Astronaut!!!
Producer Michael, the presenter is well worth over 50 million usd….rich but not a billionaire. Still got fucking awful taste 😅
Bro why did it surprise me that was his mom
Lol these two are just hilarious, they thought let's make YouTube channel call a stupid random name, came up with boy boy as a joke thinking it wouldn't get anywhere, now it's on 650,000+
How many beds are there lmao omg 😂 That house is creepy af
Need more vids boys! Love this type of content :)
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is that his actual mum?
The only thing I can image eis the amount of people to keep it clean.
If I ever get rich enough, I want to buy one of these bloated houses and turn it into a community center or something. Anything to make being poor more bearable.
i knew you guys where communists i am so proud
Diet Donald Trump
Id just like to say my wife peed herself laughing at the guys reaction to the hot tub.
his mother needs to be protected
I’d laugh if the owner had dwarfism, and the they were just relentlessly mocking a little person for being short without knowing it
He sounds like Paul Macca in disguise
Literally give a homeless man 20 million I guarantee he designs a better house. Like 1000000% better guaranteed.
15:58 These pictures look like the shadows from the nuclear blast victims of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Has anybody ever notice that I did a thing looks like the The Terrifier
7:44 looks like a skate park 😂
Nobody needs to live in or own a monstrosity like this
🛀 For people wondering about the bath onion:  Onions are believed to neutralize bad odors in your bathroom, especially if you don't air it out very much. You're supposed to leave an unpeeled one out for 2-4 days, then throw it away.  I don't know if it actually works or not, but I still found it interesting. Also I think the idea was popularized by a TikTok user. They called it "shower onion" if you're curious.   Also, the first time I heard the term "bath onion" - I just about lost it.
God damn I laughed like a motherfucker, thanks for that boys
Mom was great
is the sweatshop video some upcoming content or was it released before? 🤔
Great Video on of my favourite
Lmaooo, we need more of this
So they’re brothers in love
Horrible Chanel
PERDI TUDO NO 15:56
3:59 I like the painting, not lame at all
Just binged watched all the vids. Only problem I have with them is that there isn’t enough of them.   Make more BOY BOY faster. This shit goes hard.
9:19 I assumed that was after effects but I'm sick and tired watching this contemplating the if that man seriously spit in his shirt 🤣🤣
that fucking wee sound effect every time he came across something nonce-like did me in man 😂😂😂
First song??
Dude at the beginning literally has the I think you should leave Dan Flashes ultra complex pattern shirt
Never laughed so genuinely at a video guys thanks
Where's the video of them in the sweatshop mentioned in the beginning of the video? I can't seem to find it anywhere
Fun fact about the bath onion!  That's not a bath, it's a stew pot. The onion is part of the soup base.
When is the video with the sweatshop coming out??
The gentleman in the house sadly looks like Bolsonaro
You guys are blessed to have such a kind and loving mother ❤
Owners name Peter-file
5:34 Now I just imagine the guy scopes out mansions and does stake-outs to learn when they can sneak into the house while it's empty. Then they just rush the tour, acting like they were invited and totally know what is what and where.
The opening scene about your patreon. 🥲 so heartwarming.
this looks like a blox burg house made by a 7 year old
I did not expect this video to be so hilarious
You guys should try and join the Freemasons as a video idea
edp mansion
guys i think there might be a pedophile sex dungeon in that house not sure tho need more evidence
what happened to that video about churches or something?? can't find it 😔
American architecture videos always have the price right in the title. It's the main part. In European architecture videos, there's no price anywhere in most cases.
the dude looks like he culd be donald trumps long lost brother or his blind cousin XD
Noone even lives there. It only exists so homeless people cannot.
Gold introduction. What in the world
The fucking "duunnn" sound whenever he said something sketchy killed me every time
That intro is fantastic! So funny
Your mother is awesome. Thanks for covering the US's extravagantly ugly mansions. I know two exponentially wealthy people and they don't even live in houses this tacky or ridiculous as these mansion.
Astronaut!
What language was the mom speaking?
hello neighbour house
That was the best Patreon announcement ever, never laugh my ass that hard
That building was so soulless :D
You guys are amazing. Keep doing what you're doing 😂😂😂
HAIR SALOON ROOM WITH CARPET WTFFFFF
How delightful. A bath onion. 🤣🤣
Bruh they are communist
Nice video but could be better with a third boy
The scary phantom bodies pictures right outside of what looked to be the closest thing to a child's bedroom. No going to the bathroom at night for you, modern art child.
Honestly with a decent two-bedroom apartment in my town costing $2.5mil, this really is a bargain
All the secret doors are there because the only one who would find all of them are children obviously
Do people /live/ in these houses??? It’s wild
Baby blood leaves a sour taste in their lizard mouth.
Producer Michael has the most ridiculous taste and he's got a new vid up of grotesque milionare shit EVERY SINGLE WEEK AND I CAN'T LOOK AWAY. his media guy Adam Swords is absolutely carrying the channel recently.
wow! this house fucking sucks ass! why is it so shit! who builds these? are they built at a loss and then no one buys them?
14:24 the editing is incredible lmfao
"rich people can just buy water"
You buy so much house that it is empty for most of the space, walls are so high that you can't clean them without professional help and they are filled with tasteless art to cover it all and it has been designed to be reviewed and showed to others but not to be used or lived in. That seems like awesome place to party but every surface is high gloss, oven is behind a door, no curtains in bedrooms and every other little detail like seeing the toilet but can't get to it without a map.
i never known this channel existed until he Did a Thing
The jokes just kept writing themselves. 😅
Okay just to state the obvious - you can make the boxing target taller. It's adjustable. Still wonder why it's at the lowest possible setting though.
I think the "theres so much space!" "But theres no space. You can't *do* anything" Exemplifies exactly the issue with so many rich people houses
The house is made to confuse the children when they try to escape #forehead
It's a maze so the children can't figure out how to escape
3:54 LMAOOO they literally bought the same picture and put it in frame for one shot
I laughed so hard at this  that i thought I was gonna die!  Thanks for existing and making my day better.
Why did YouTube wait this long to recommend this channel to me after I've seen every I Did A Thing?
such a good cold open
There's no food in the fridge because they had to hide the human meat they got from killing children.
The only good thing about rich people houses is that they are really fun to build in the sims.
Thank god I found the channel, I was so stressed today and I've been crying laughing for the past 10 minutes. The bit about the tiny punching bags killed me, thank god for aussies.
14:09 I like to imagine that his life is flashing before his eyes as he gazes into the abyss what hides beneath that spa cover....which is why he sounds so surprised when he says "You would?"
The patreon ad was fuckin giggles
I've seen a few of these house tours and this is by far the worst one yet. The self-writing jokes aside it's sad to see so much space wasted to build a house that is empty and looks crap. Also, I bet no one even lives there. Sure, someone might own it but there's no way anyone lives there.
I love nothing more than seeing these hideous McMansions ripped apart. They're not aspirational, they're fucking ridiculous, poorly designed, and shit to actually live in. And to see some confused old bloke wandering around thinking it's impressive is the icing on the cake. Money does not but class, and it doesn't even buy a half-decent architect.
The bath onion is a bath bomb 😂
👌👍🤘👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
funniest video i’ve seen in a while
He looks and talks like English Donald Trump (without being Boris Johnson), it's bizarre.
I don’t understand what rich people, my ex lived in 5 million dollar house and it was so big that his mom didn’t know what to do with the rooms so a living room larger than my entire house was for their dogs and they even had a room that had nothing except a 2 foot tall wine bottle in the middle. It was absurd
Mom's are the best guests for adverts
I have to go to work, but i would rather be late and watch this on the tele lmao
The swan in the tent confirms it, this house was built to mock the homeless. 🤣
13:00 i died laughing  same thoughts was it my head
BATH ONION????
Price over style
Funny how you make fun of Michael when he is more likeable and also has more subscribers
Love your work fellas, absolute legends 🙏💚🧙‍♂️
Mansion for PDFile 🤣
Monopoly money hits different
Only a high profile crackhead has a Brillo poster
What if he’s just a midget. Lol
Please can you do a full cover of party all the time <3 I need it in my life
I entered this video for the laughs, but I left traumatized. my kids will never go to L.A  now.   Mostly because i am poor but a old man that have a house with a sex dungeon for children is terrifying.
I hate how overedited this video is
This House is so much fun !
i like the suspensful sound effect every time there is a secret room
Binging this channel right now. Marvelous content. This and I did a thing is scratching an itch I had since 2017. Godspeed guys
Both you blokes are fantastic, and deserve all the success that comes your way, best wishes from the UK
These people spend millions and millions of dollars only for their mansion ending up looking like a 3 star hotel lobby.
☭
The mf dark souls of houses
There was literally childrens sparring equipment on the shelf.  the thing with the spots was a chest protector sized for a child
bro that intro, was genius on levels
This is so weird... 😂
Astronaut!
Can you fellas do this one https://youtu.be/iG5GzWFonPw and turn it into a zombie apocalypse or a murder scene?
Yay you finally have a patreon! I was honestly waiting for this and signed up immediately! Love you boys ❤
9:10 $20 an hour to be a maid? That’s a well paid maid right there lol
we didnt see the other side of the elevator.....   where does it go
Bruh I thought the child jokes would be just jokes but holy shit why is this house an actual trap for keeping in children? And look at that art. Someone needs to call the cops.
They are lucky there were subtitles otherwise they wouldn't understand what she were saying KeK
Seems like rich people have terrible taste
wait are you actually gay though?
I love how yall layers stuff and make reality feel like a fever dream
I see Epsteins LA house is still on the market.
As someone who studies architecture and likes modern architecture and interior design, this house is pretty shit. It follows literally no design principles, its just random space after random space. Anyway, good content guys ! Gave me a good laugh
Genuinely half these secret passageways probably exist so the jackass that owns the place can have their servants move around without being seen
This is the most shitty TV to have for a billionaire....
Can you please put the link to the original video somwhere? The guy is so hillarious I need more of him.
I was waiting for the blind man to walk into a window. Every door way was stressful.
I like to think that the double fire pits are there in order to increase efficiency when grilling children. The length seems to be perfect for roasting one 3-5 year old at the spit on each of them
Hey I thought the bang Brillo pop picture was... somewhat entertaining
that looks like minecraft
Can you pls comment on your controversy or im going to Stop watching you
thats probably the formaer mansion od jefferey epstein ...
you guys defenitly have to collab with collan furze !!!...
boy boy needs to drop more videos #Greatings from #Germany
omg...I now get the title.....
Re-Binge watching this channel is depressing, this content is so far gone from what you were producing when this channel began please bring back the old style of content
I laugh so hard , great video! Awesome edit!  And LA is creeeepy AF
so...why was the fridge empty but the candy room wasn't?
That's a bar sink. You need something like that if you're gonna serve drinks. Look at the rest of the bar, they have an ice bucket and all.
XD
funniest intro ive ever watched
This is a house I would build in minecraft. It does not have any use, except that it looks cool and has a lot of hidden doors.
15:12 I'm pretty sure that's a bath mat (to dry your feet after getting out of the bath)
It’s clearly a house that exclusively is used to shoot porn
all that money and they can't find the time to hang up their picture frames
I see lance from 90s neighbours got a ribera t-shirt
There's the outside but how do we get to it oh wait there's some sweets oh wait there a man in a trench coat oh wait there's a blacked out van with a ps5 and a ribbon around it.  All billionaires are pedos  pedophilia is the contract of silence tne tax break the gate to the elite.  Wake up not woke up. Woke is like saying I'm very goodly spoke its intended intelligence but practical illiteracy
This is epsteins best disguise as a estate agent. Now he will be knows and dave dave .......um dave
Unfortunately we couldnt show you the second level of the basement where we are holding all our Pesants. it was sadly against all human rights and we dont want to get in troube with the authorities otherwise they would take another 0,002% of our income and force us to pay charity.
I laughed my self to tears  god damn give me a break
oh fuck I thought you guys edited the money bag and mona lisa in, what the hell
funny boy boy
Just me that thinks Aleksa looks like H.H Holmes...? coincidence I TIHNK NOT
i dont think non Americans realize it but the homeless problem isnt about a lack of housing or jobs its mental health and mostly drug use. i dont specifically know about LA but in seattle there are homeless shelters and low income housing everywhere. but you have to be drug free to qualify and i guess its not worth it to them lol
So it’s satire garbage
2:10 That's a total psychedelic aesthetic. I like it, but also I think this guy is a poser and shouldn't be allowed to ruin it.
Fire fighters would absolutely hate the hidden doors everywhere
The chinese mum bit caught me so off guard. Where can I find a mum like her?
3:47 "That's the lamest thing I've ever seen" 10 seconds later 3:57 I'm dying XD
8:24 was a fart and you can't tell me otherwise
there are so many secret rooms so they can transport their children where the police can't find them, its not stupid its a hiding place, hide the children in the walls
The onion is for seasoning the children in the bath shaped pan
Hilarious guys! I didn't stop laughing! One of your best videos yet! Please do more formats like this. 👍🏻.
Architecture used to be way better
5:13 that is horrifying to think a billionaire would have something that is that unfinished
This video had me dying. So good. But honestly those jokes aren't even jokes they're just true. This house needs a SWAT raid.
I need a whole series of this
The editing is so good that I thought that the little recap at the end was real
genuinely the funniest reaction vids I've seen in a while
Boys Boy mum is cool, glad she's so supportive of the pateron
when i make a house in the sims it ends up like this
I worked on similair project 822 Sarbonne Rd. and your right there is nothing that is tastefull. The projects are designed to sell with everything inside . I used to tell my boss it was just slapping lipstic on a pig. I always told him if he has that kind of money to build these, we should design things that are "ARCHITECTURAL" inspiring not these bullshit.
The jokes write themselves
The funniest thing about rich people houses is they all have their "expensive" pictures and decore sitting on the floor and leaning up against the wall like they can't afford hooks on the wall
I once met a rich woman that constantly complained about her yard not being AstroTurf. Its because the fact it has to be mowed that they hate.
This is the funniest thing I ever watched. Keep it up boy and a boy but remember to not be killed by a mafia. You guys are in a thin thread. Wish there was guys like you in my country but probably they will be dead in a hour so I guess geography is the fate.
Horrifying. I think I'll stay poor, thank you.
Basement filled with candy but an empty fridge…? Hmm…
Youtube has shadow banned yalls channel didn't see this recommended or see this video at all nor did anyone else i know
This house was definitely made to appease the judge so the owner gets the kid on the weekend
Having an issue with Patreon. I subscribed (even threw in an extra .69 cent usd) but didn’t receive the discord link. I’m stuck in a loop. 😢 have screen recording of issue.
This house will never be completely used. It is disgusting.
That was the best patreon announcement and the best teaser for an upcomming project I have ever seen in 1 combined!
I love how this house is super fancy and luxurious, but the TVs look like stolen from a cheap hotel room.
wait i know this sounds strange but are they gay ?  (i am not gay if you thinking about)
This guy's channel is great. In one video he goes to an actual sex dungeon.
Boy boy is my daily blackpill.
I love how they have to touch all the panes because the handles are tiny or nonexistent.
14:23 killed me 😭
You cannot tell me that doesn't look like Donald Trump.
The best Patreon announcment I've ever seen
i think this is a poor take on american wealth. a rare miss boy boy, better luck next time!
Gay bait me any day boys
this place is definitely stocked with Wayfair furniture 🤫
they never mentioned how all the paintings were just proped up against the wall not hanging
The only patreon I will ever pay for. Thank you for making communism funny again.
Funniest bit is when he punches the child size punching bag at the end, that absolutely sent me!
the walls are all white so the owner can hide from the FBI when they raid.
Billionaires don't understand the concept of Carpet flooring. The ONLY place you wouldn't want Carpet they put fucking Carpet. I swear to god the Architect who designed this shit was either paid too much or not enough.
Back the great stuff
You know what baffles me most about those huge houses that are supposed to be "mansions"? They have all the space they need yet they don't use it to have any luxury quality at all.  For example look at the damn shower, my shower is as big as that. Why wouldn't you make a shower that's double that size so that you could dance in the water from a rain shower head?  Or look at that sad bathtub that fits half an adult person with average hight. Why not have a luxury bathtub that can comfortable fit 2 people?  Why not have a huge living room with a nice huge couch area with a couch that is actually comfortable and connected so it's not that weird business creepy single couch waiting room garbage?  Bedrooms are small and have no attached bathrooms or rooms for clothing, the layout sucks, there's no nice plants in the "garden", not even the grass is real, there's no outdoor area dedicated for grilling with a nice big open grill, hell why not a pond somewhere? Or at least a damn aquarium somewhere in the house?   You telling me the architect/designer felt the need for a fucking hair salon on a fucking carpet but didn't think about having I don't know.. Maybe a fucking chef quality kitchen with kitchen machines you would never be able to afford as a mortal?   What the fuck is this. Are rich people even real humans? I refuse to believe anyone lives like that holy shit no wonder they are all depressed.
how is this so funny. talking back and fourth to your mother in different languages was amazing.
I‘m surprised at how sympathetical the two guys showing the house are lmao
Wait are u guys brothers friends or lovers ?
I love how there’s no food in the fridge, but the candy dispensers are FULL
I think the house is for sale and the dong has managed to get an inspection, which is why he doesn't know anything about it.
I like how the man showing us the house doesn't understand where he is or why it's there because it further proves that the 1% are just a different breed
Did y’all notice how small or low to the ground all the seats were in the house?
3:53 is that jack fucking nicholson
1:52 gotta love that corecore
1:52 gotta love that corecore
I'd completely agree about your comments on Producer Michael, if he wasn't in fact, incredibly rich himself lol. Man's got no excuse to dress like he's a nonretina mac
3:47 😂😂😂😂
That old dude at the start looks like Mr. Beast in like 40 years
Looks like those shitty modern Minecraft houses
the boys are confirmed canonically chinese!
boy, oh boy
Whatta hell is this intro 🤣 It's remind me of my old tv ads when CNY is coming.. Lol
Reaction content is pretty lazy and unimaginative but this one still fucking killed me. What the fuck is wrong with the people who built this? Giant outside area? put some stairs on it.
What the fuck sweatshops oversees? Yeah, I'd pay to see that.
I want that Ribena shirt, its reminding me of that old "Ribena is the new purple" ad
probably the funniest react video I've ever watched
Because it is easier to hide hatches and or large bunker doors under super light astro turf.
Why are all the paintings and stuff on the ground? Like.... What the hell is going on there.
Maids quarters aka the room for the CHILD SLAVES
I will fucking howl with laughter if this was filmed in Hasans house (fellow commenters, don't mistake me for a hater. I literally adore that man lol)
Oh wow, real Heineken. Warm even.
bro did anybody notice the have the bang, brillo , pop poster in the background
that was a gym? 😹
Is he trying to hype us with one of these “3D” images we had plenty of printed on school rulers and sht in early 90s? Xd
I like Mom Mom, she’s great.
you guys are a riot thanks chaps
The Brillo poster must be there to appeal to the buyers because you'd 100% have to be smoking crack to think this was a good house to buy and/or live in.
I hereby pronounce the two of you as man and man. You may now plug the patreon
who's the new editor?
Ready or not.....Voll house
I laughed out loud at least a dozen times at this video
damn funney editor tho
Started watching this channel after your shoutout on FriendlyJordies, and holy shit, you guys are my new favourite youtubers! Keep up the amazing content, this stuff is so fucking good!
This is the result of having so much money you don't know what to do with it, and are willing to spend it on any little idea you have. Tax these mfs
Love you both, my slav friends loved the trans-siberian express video
billionaires deliberately have bad taste because at that point it is about showing the wealth and not about taste. you need to have something no one else has, even if it means having something no one else wants.
14:23
this is like when i didn't know what to put in my basement in animal crossing so i turned it into an arcane altar to a giant teddy bear. except rich people do this in real life with massive blocks of land just to spite the homeless.
BATH ONION 🌰 HAHAHAAHAHAHA
You guys joke, but billionaires are the modern aristocracy. Most inherited massive wealth, invested wisely (usually through trust fund managers) at a good time, and they made so much money that even if they piss half of it away on awful business ventures, they're still massively on top. They control the companies that refuse to pay a living wage, outsource manufacturing to third world sweat shops, and yet avoid as much tax as possible through loopholes and offshore accounts! They live in places like these while the rest of us struggle to eat or pay rent! Down with the billionaires, off with their heads and I'm very sorry for the rant! 😅
Good capitalists
I died laughing the second I saw that tiny boxing bag lmao
I have an idea, we knock down every mansion in Beverly Hills, and turn the area into a public housing and community startup area to get the large amount of homeless people in homes with utilities and job opportunities, all funded by selling of all the very expensive things the wealthy people have never used. Then we let the wealthy people live in an underground complex where they can be the wealthy mole-people of Hollywood
This starting is awesome
Omgggggg this makes me so maaaad
8:05 this has to be a sex thing
This was so funny but the one that got me the most was the dead person in the spa 🤣
so, we have plenty of land, we even have a pretty sizable number of vacant houses. turns out that's not the problem. Companies don't want to pay people enough to afford to live, and renters don't want to rent for an affordable rate, and renter companies corner the market on new construction. Can't afford to live, can't afford to rent, can't afford to buy? Guess you're one the street.
consume the affluent
WHY TF DID YOU GO TO A SWEATSHOP
Out of curiosity, do you guys pay anybody that helps with your videos in relation to how much total wealth you currently have?
Usually, people don't live in these houses, they are just investments. Like the skyscrapers in New York.
As soon as I saw the opening skit then I new this video was gon be gold
3:58 bruh that thing just appeared behind then banished in the next shot
i need more mansion reviews
so heartwarming... I know so many people who have been kicked out of the house for getting a patreon, and I'm so happy your mother is supportive of your choices.
These houses are so fucking stupid, my god.
obsessed with the face tracker that makes you boys look ai generated
Finally a tour of Hasan's house!
Someone’s got to tel me the name of the song at the beginning
13:52 who else thought he was counting gold bars then realized it was how many kids you could fit in there
Call of duty map
The rich are scum
I cry laughed watching this
I honestly need them to just admit they are in love
Thats the lamest thing I've ever seen. Proceeds to have it in the very next scene. 3:45
Shitty ripoff of Nick's house reviews. Sad
why would you have all these mirrordoors and fullglas windows without handels. Like everytime you want to open something you need a child running behind you and clean your path so that its all clean and hidden again.
Nice touch with the sweat shop. The 6 year old boy supervisor with the stopwatch around his neck and the 3 year old girl on the sewing machine. The slightly sweaty hair on the girl was a nice. touch.  The 2 dollar shop pink fan well placed to hide the  tamagotchi you gave her to play with, while you got the shot.  ...and all filmed in a double garage in Cabramatta or Bankstown I'm sure.
conspiracy theory: the guy is the child
The day I get my first paycheck your patreon is the first thing I'm going to spend it on.
Wow I didnt know the gta 5 penthouse suite was real
that skit was mad, i want to see more mum...how you say...scantily clad
I laughed my ass off in a public place. Thank you guys 🥲
can you guys kiss with tongue on patreon please?
the weird editing in this means you can drink less and feel more drunk while you watch - thanks boy boy
Give me an empty vodka bottle, some 98octane and a bit of cloth.
Thank you, Abraham! I'm so grateful to you, Esther, Jerry, and Tracy - you've changed my life!
There is nothing more infuriating than being absolutely devastated by child labor and inhumane working conditions of others but still having to crack a stupid smile because these two dick heads are some of the only real journalists left.  Edit: Jesus Christ it gets worse.
I absolutely pissed myself at this episode. Thank you!
I love how understanding your mom was! Queen loves her boys
That bag is shit
I knew where i knew that face from , YouTube recommending the good stuff I guess
This house is what 11 year old me would design
Me and my bf have been waiting for yall to come out. It's a relief off our gay shoulders knowing boy boy will have a strong and loving pateron.
As a student currently studying interior design, that house has the most ridiculous and bizarre design I've ever seen. I'm not talking about the visual aesthetics, but the fact that spaces in the house seems randomized. The room in 7:22 feels like whoever designed the house don't know what to do with the room so they just added a table and chair. And by god that television is useless when most of the user is facing away from it.  There's other things I can point out like poor routing, small clearances between furniture, randomly placed decoration everywhere, etc.  Billionaire houses are so crap that I think the people who made these just do it so they can rip off people who don't know anything about interior design besides "wow pretty Scandinavian minamlist interior!!"
The editing on this one was awesome
The bathroom-bedroom combo is a voyeur thing, comfortable and close up watching of someone sensually bathing.  Considering the line of jokes in this video, and the size of that bathtub,*  I will allow your mind to wander....   *normal for sensual adult bathing, but why ruin a joke?
Until this I never knew how much I wanted a show that just shits on rich people's houses and the bad design decisions. "See how this table is directly in the way of getting to this other table? Yeah that makes no sense."
When you reach a certain point of wealth it is no longer brand names or the style... it is all about the Price!  That 'exotic green marble counter-top' looks like vomit but it is worth a million in and of itself, so it wins.... Those Sofa are a good 100,000 a piece because there are only six made by some no name artist... and you got four it seems. Anything to make the end price tag as high as possible, just so you can brag about having a $101,000,000 apartment.
People in Australia complaining about 1 acre plots when anything under 1000 there is a hobby farm.
This is what money laundering looks like
i have never laughed so hard in ages thank you Aleksa, Alex and your mom for all the good content
Great video, great editing! Miss the M-26-7 flag lol
Me 15 seconds in to the video: "I fricking new it, Disney made them gay!"
Whoever did the editing did a great job
I needed that laugh.
im dying laughing
Imagine if one of the secret rooms was a gaming room. Then it would be worth it
17:20 he says "Real Heineken" pretending it's something really luxurious. Bro, Heineken is one of the most disgusting beers I have ever tasted.
actually funny :(
That beginning was so funny
man fr says "REAL heiniken" as though its a super desirable lager
7:35 they turned their garden into a FPS map.
Gracias Boy Boy
You need to copyright the phrase I did a thing and sue that guy that said it on video
No wonder that Michael Jackson had so many rumors. The realtors just sell billionaire amusement parks.
OMG i didnt realise ostonox is ur editor, amazing!
your mom´s kinda hot ngl
Where is my gosh darn rat book?
Dick Measuring Contests for Rich people
Imagine having money for this house and actually living in this shit. I want normal garden, homey feeling bedroom and forest right next to the house.This feels more like office then home
It really is disgusting how billionaire houses exist with a looming homelessness crisis all around us.
This house screams "money laundering"
As a cyclist I would just like to point out that green spin bike is sub $200
In NZ in the early 1900’s 1 acre cost $4.50 NZD
why do you both look ai generated?
That was the single best patreon pitch ive ever seen. 10/10
Bro stop the little edits made me die every time 😂
The boxing bag could be for midgets. 🤷🏻‍♀️
bro the editing is killing me😂💀
It’s crazy how billionaires and multi-millionaires pay so much money for lack of architecture.
Your patreon is the rainbow. Also, your  Mum is hilarious. More Your Mum.
I like those houses
Good day when i realize there’s more boy boy
Land and property are the equivalent of what trading cards are to us poor people haha.
The creepy paintings aren’t actually paintings they’ve just framed the bodies in the walls..
That sink 5 minutes in is *clearly* a bar tender piss sink- you have them there for hours on end and they cant leave so they just casually unzip and piss into it, washing a glass with the tap water to cover the sound. Depending on how the guests are feeling they will watch from the sides or place bets on which tap turn on is a peeing wash
bro the "fun room" had a sitting thing in the wall???? behind a mirror door??? which has no indication that it's there???? right in the bathroom where you can clean yourself???? and it has no windows???? bro i am convinced that this house was designed to house multiple children or people against their consent
I died laughing. actually good reaction content
Ostonox made this masterpiece? This is a great news#
what a delightful bath onion
I hope the kids are okay
“Really much”?
3:59 they where the burglars
fuck... thats all I got to say..
They are just so straight
You've finally come out with a patreon,
The Brillo painting behind Alex after he called it lame, brilliance!
NOW , reviev EPSTEIN island!
I think ya lads found the next Epstein island. This house is fuked up on so many levels
The only thing more disgusting than a billionaire is one of their worshippers.
Shut up freemason
I like how he says "Real Heineken" as if that's something to be impressed by
The little bits make it, anyone else notice they had the same Brillo soap pad pic behind them
It's not a house anybody lives in, it's a rental for shooting music videos and pornos!
13:00 good god i lost it at the tiny boxing bag.. wtf. Considering so much of the house is designed for 5ft plus humans, and many of the items are on shelves for 5ft or taller people. WHY is there such a tiny boxing bag. Its no longer a joke! lol
Ostonox!
life is too short, i advice everyone to read the Quran to be comforted & guided closer to God, worship Allah alone sincerely & do good before its late, may Allah guide you & bless you
2:09 is that Trumps long lost cousin?
Haha theses billionaires are sooo dumb not like us millionaires
You know jealousy is a curse. But I agree with Mr Munger and Mr Buffet, envy steers the world.
You two are distractingly attractive
Why are they so honest. I trust these guys more than myself
this isnt a house, it's a call of duty level that becomes a fan favourite multiplayer map
This has to be the backrooms
dementia house reviews
Love this! Sane people who see what I see! Joy! 🤗  Thanks for shedding light on the true nature of these selfish, despicable predators. I find it all quite nauseating and can’t fathom how they can even look at their stingy selves in the mirror… sick.   It’s no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. ☮️💟☯️
Thanks YouTube! You've outdone yourself with this suggested video featuring narcissist that didn't get enough hugs when they were kids
I know there's a joke about Hasan's mansion and the fact they we staying there a few weeks ago but I can't formulate it well enough. Oh well...
minecraft house with trap doors lol
The fucking sound effect killed me every time
Subbed to Patreon, great to give money to people who have their hearts in the right place.
Bootleg Donald Trump gives a house tour
Yeah not gonna lie, this episode was top notch but for SURE that billionaire is a chomo 😂
Hi hasan 😂
I was waiting for him to full stride face check a glass wall
5:30 it's a ladder. When the elevator to the rape dungeons blocked you can still climb down
Our Boy Boy have become Man Man
most houses for the rich in California are for 2 things, parties and sleeping. Nothing really else happens there. The houses they go and do fun things at, are not in California. and the parties they have are drinking, drugs and you can guess what else. They are over the top different location Night Clubs. just not marked night clubs because then they don't have to be registered are regulated as them. Loop holes for the rich.
The tub with a rug and the massive open window was so weird.
Ostonox editing takes your videos to a whole another level
Your mom can induce music just by blinking.
Mom sold me on Patreon. How could you say no to her?
Plot twist. Peter Dinklage lives there
Los angeles houses are just like the country of Dubai
It's 2:30am and I'm trying not to wake my wife up from laughing at some of these comments. I just imagined this guy walking like a drunk Jack Sparrow through the house oh look a bedroom, oh this is the garden, look an astronaut
Ostonox creates another masterpiece of a video
Its hasbullas house
That bit at the beginning just picked up steam the whole video, all the way to the final shot of Mike closing the safe door on the camera and, presumably, a bunch of kids.
Every time that guy walked through a big bay window, I hoped that one of them wouldn't be open and he'd just walk straight into it... would have been too funny
I really enjoyed this! You guys are hilarious  😂 😃
Title: Response:  Look at your channel name.  I wish the dime-a-dozen ingrate season would end.
A fun fact I learned about this tour guy from another video is that he has proudly never stepped on grass. He took his first steps on grass on camera. He was really enthusiastic about it. That's...got to be a persona, right? How can a man in his 60's have never stepped on grass?
BOY BOY IS HALF CHINESE?!
besides the whole homelessness thing, that is the worst house tour I have ever watched
Owww that editor going hard on this one
Hahaha baby bag 😂😮 WTF is a bath onion LOL
Propa prejudice man even the blind ppl should b aloud YouTube 🫢
you guys are awesome lol
"we were just there and we came back".... did they steal the changing art piece lolllllll
Ya'll don't really fund sweat shops?!
you tube won't let comment on our video it's not good
Great vídeo!
That's a piss sink
That dude checking out the house looks like a thinner bristisher quieter donald trump, saying random crap 🤣 and stating the obvious
@Vinza, just make the video with all the corpses and children, please !
At last, Trump now has a new job since being president
are they lovers or are they australian brothers with an asian mother
I don't get unwell (with, when it comes to..) weird language
How did I not know an American football field is one arch? As an American? Before the Aulstralians?
You guys talk a load of shit, I would rather listen to the old guy doing the tour
LA - But why tho?
And now we know why they picked this video...name drop lmao
im gona trick all my friends into thinking im loaded with a bag of onions in my bath
Keep the content coming boys
Honestly, who gives a shit? This is low effort content right here.
I dont know if it's just me but I get this weird vibe from Colin Furze that makes me think he might be right about that being a hard-core sex dungeon if not something weird lmao
Love, they put the art in the background for 1 scene. I'm not sure how many noticed 3:50
this house is so trashy & lacks any actual luxury. money truly can’t buy you class. not even 20 million of it
1:00 Jesus the kid IDAT is fucking horrifying
L.A. one giant dumpster fire
It's like a DOOM level. Especially that part where there's an outside area that they don't know how to get to, there's exactly the same thing in E1M1, and of course all the secret doors.
U can make the bag bigger I have one lol
A giant lollipop to lure the children. I have literally seen it all now.
for me it's a curse, a lot of money but no taste to create something beautiful with it.
Im so happy to see you both have such a supporting mother.
💰 I hope the Patreon does well and you can support Mum in her old age.
That guy looks like if Tom Cruise and Donald Trump had a kid
Why was I not subscribed, 60% of of you are not subscribed
17:22 I love how he sees something, gets scared and doesn’t elaborate on it at all.
20 million, a pedofiles paradise.
omg no Hasan turned Boy Boy into a react channel
I would roast alexa but im fucking lazy
This house looks like it was designed on sims 😂
17:18  That would not be two roaring fires, it would be two of those tepid little propane fires that have flames like an inch long and give off absolutely zero heat. They exist purely for decoration, like this houses owners' entire life
3:57 brillo on wall behind them
LOL..that dude with that mustache complaining about people having bad taste. The irony is overwhelming...
Trendy boy boy
Reminds me of Micheal Jefferson's house in south park
I love these boys! Can I be the third one?  “Boy boy boy” is what we would call it  Or “boy tripled” ??
holy shit i just finished watching the north korea video, I clicked on this one and I just realized this came out yesterday, you guys are doing god's work
i would walk against the glass walls so many times, this house is truly a trap
lmao what the fuck is that punching bag
w
literally the most interesting part of this video 0:00 - 1:40
beautiful mom man ! Just take all my money already
yalls mom is a sweet heart! great video! have a nice day, week, month, lads.
I think the racks on the elevator door are part of a ladder
My man really just spit on himself
I love you lads, I'm so happy for you and your Patreon.
Asian songs are basically their theme song by now.
Did he break into the house?? I'm so confused 😕
Alex' mother better be okay from your tampon gun
I swear only lizards buy these places.
Your putting too much effort in to this  if it gets better it can only go wrost
wait i just now realized they were siblings...or is that a joke...I'm so confused
I'm so excited to see them in a sweat  shop lol
Mom should have said bing chilling at the end
Im starting to think most billionaires dont actually live in a home.
WHY IS THIS CHANNEL BETTER AND WHY DID I ONLY NOW FIND THIS SHIT
Isn't the candies gonna expire 😩😩😩
Much love boys. Keep up the great work!
what’s the story of the asian lady?
You guys were really restrained with the pedophile jokes. At one point he says there's toys everywhere, the tiny punching bag, the row of candy dispensers, the tiny tent with a swan in it. The endless secret rooms and the disabled dungeon elevator. I also wonder why he got scared at the Heineken but maybe you cut it to make it funnier.
I have been waiting for this
E.X.P.R.O.P.R.I.A.T.E.  🚩✊🏾☭
why does the camera man know more than  the main guy though
Tbf compared to me Producer Michael is pretty rich. I can't afford to never walk on grass.
Yo, this is the pedophile house from the game Ready or Not. Same style, white everything, disturbing art everywhere, and questionable design features. This house is spooky af!
Drew Gooden already made this video 2 years ago. Boring.
Do more of these please, dying laughing at the ultimate pedophile billionaire house
ah fuck i’m too high for this weird shit be back in like tomorrow when brain normal ✌🏼
12:00 I bet that Mona Lisa replica is worth AT LEAST $20.
The guy with glasses wears the outfit of a typical British bloke living in a warm climate.
Not a fire hazard because the whole house is made of marble.
the way she stared into my soul...
It's about time boy boy has gotten a lot bigger. I remember not too long ago they only had like maybe 45k subs which I found weird.
Are these mfs seriously gay? Please answer me right no shiť
Man if I'm going  to be billionaire I want these guys to Inspect the house for me  so that I wouldn't get a pedophile dungeon's
YOU GYUS RULEEEEEE!!!!! AWESOME AS ALWAYS!!!!!!!
Candy wall eh? Is this Notch's old house?
Actually the first patreon I've bought it just seems so worth it for more boy boy content.
5:10 oh yeah great idea i cant wait to see the bloody stain on the marble, when i hit my head the first time trying to get a glass of water
Kinda hate this reality more and more. There should be a cap on wealth and no matter what, the rest gets spread to who needs it.  Next video should be on how awesome we treated and currently treat Native Americans.
This whole house looks like a porno setup.
oke.
Queerbaiting!! Queerbaiting!! /j
Always happy when i see boy boy post!
Honestly, truly up their as best creators on the platform. If they were Hank Pecker types they'd be so much bigger by now.
Yes the house has horrible taste, but the point of "how can there be big houses when there's homeless etc etc" is a mute point. I agree the homeless crisis is massive problem there but it's not the rich people's fault. Blame the country as a whole (government etc) and who they allow not to pay the required taxes
Is your mom single?
Cutting Nick Rochefort's lunch here a little bit, but I'll allow it.
billionaires have children too, you know?
3:57
I LOVE BOY ON BOY
4:55 dude walked in to the secret door, looked around after his bleary coke hangover eyes adjusted, and realized he had entered the slave & migrant abuse quarters, aka the “ssshh, we don’t talk about this part of the house part of the house”, and promptly walked out, not because it’s a disgusting look into the rotten, morally-hollow core of the über-rich—but rather because he thought the lines were bad and the finishes looked “cheap”.  😂  I’ve seen a few of these videos.  They nearly made me throw up.  True story: I actually went to architecture school and did my thesis as a handbook for starting decentralized, recyclable, communal art+living spaces in cities to combat gentrification of neighborhoods, the commodification of art, and loss of community, in the style of the anarchist’s cookbook and old army field manuals.  I subverted the entire thesis program at my university, which usually culminates in stodgy, closed-door review sessions where wealthy alumni and snobby, tenured professors sit in a row and fuss over tiny, detailed models that took six months to build while spewing arcane jargon, by anonymously passing out and putting up thousands of flyers on campus warning that a thesis review was going to be hijacked by a radical group (this was before the Virginia tech shooting lol).  At the appointed time of my thesis review, instead of a closed-door session of five or so pretentious old white men, hundreds of students crowded the building and room. And instead of a detailed model that took hundreds of hours to build using expensive materials, and dozens of 3D photorealistic renders and detailed drawings that cost hundreds of dollars each to print, which typically becomes a competition among students, to see who can create the most precious architectural relics and curry favor amongst the faculty, and a bespoke, hard bound printed copy of the thesis, I had nothing pinned up on the walls, nor a model.  Everybody sat in an empty room with only a projector, doors open.  I then arrived with friends in ski masks and we passed out hundreds of cheap photocopies of the “thesis”, the handbook/field manual described above in manilla envelopes, and four of my friends brought in cheap models constructed from wood offcuts, cardboard taken from dozens of trash-destined beer boxes left out in front of local college bars, and duct tape (and not going to lie…they were sort of meant to look dangerous, like bombs), and then I plugged a USB key into the computer hooked up to the projector and proceeded to “hijack” the review by conducting it as if everyone in the room, including the reviewers were all neophyte members of the decentralized, radical organization I was proposing, and the review was their first training session.  Anyway, I bring this all up because this was the kind of “architecture” I was interested in and aspired to.  I then graduated and worked in the industry for two miserable years spent drawing security desks and picking out “bookmatched” marble for ultra-rich apartment buildings and running errands for mercurial and tyrannical firm principals, and it completely killed my dream of what architecture could be and showed me that it has become nothing more than another tool of the ultra-rich for constructing clout and fencing them off from the rest of humanity.  Suffice to say, I quit after two years and haven’t looked back.  But every time I see one of these videos and these disgusting houses on YouTube it reminds me of this time in my life.  PS yes, of course I will subscribe to Boy Boy on Patreon!
ASTRONAUT!!!
U can't buy taste...
wow I've never seen a house worth $100000000 that's also worth $20000000
Is it just me, or was that bath just a little bit too small? Most adults probably wouldn't even fit in it. Curious.
Producer Michael is exceptionally wealthy so yes, rich guy drip lol
I really dont want to have patreon. Can't I just send you a package with money and a USB Stick or SD Card to resend me the videos?
i think this is genuinely the first and only time im ever gonna sub to a patreon. shit like cold ones or other podcasts have a lot of content free anyways so its not rly that necessary  but i cant get enough of these boys, especially aleksa he's so underrated with his ribena shirt every react video
Yea sorry boys I forgot to clean up the dead kids before everyone came over, my bad
i dont think ive watched a video with these 2 not sleep deprived
i havent laughed this hard in a while
"So we're building your new mansion. What color are you thinking for the exterior?" "GREY" "What colors do you want in this living room?"  "GREY" "Alright, what about the kitchen" "GREY" "Bedroom?" "GREY" "How about the bathrooms?" "GREEEEYYYYYYYY" "What ab...." "GGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY"
Go support the boys on patron guys!
Interesting all or most of the art is from one dealer - Elena Bulatova fine Art
Would never watch a house tour, would definitely watch this analysis of a human trafficking mansion and a confused man discovering the horrors
6:57 just to mock the homeless got be good <3
I have two theories as to why billionaires don't do something cool with their money (e.g. build a 1:1 scale replica of HMS Dreadnought instead of buying yet another crappy mega yacht)   Theory one is that the one thing that they don't get substantially more of than the rest of us is time. It doesn't matter how rich you are, you can't snap your fingers and just have an authentic medieval castle appear on your obscenely large luxury estate. Instead you have to spend years training up artisans (stone masons and the like) to build the thing and then commit for years after that to see the project done, or else make a cheap-looking knock-off of some sort using modern materials and construction methods. Faced with two unpalatable options, billionaires do what all of us do when they're staring down the barrel of an expensive, years-long project that requires focus, commitment and delayed gratification: they give up, and order out of the rich asshole ship catalogue or whatever instead.  Theory two is that large accumulations of money produce a rare form of radiation which damages the part of the brain responsible for good taste.
i always knew you were half asian!
That brilliant effect where you latch on to your eyes, and the camera moves everything around except to your eyes… i think your next video should be an investigation why that makes people motion sick. At least it had that effect on me.   Sadly I had to stop watching as I got the same sick feeling as I do if I look too much at the phone screen in a car.
I didn't even know he was remotely Asian
:O ASTRONAUGHT
i can't be the only one that thinks the tour guy has the same look as trump right?
Was this an attempt at legitimate commentary, or just 2 bros seeing how many times they can call a person a pedophile solely on the basis of wealth because they feel rich people in general deserve it? I'm all for the Producer Michael jokes as he's an absolutely strange and out of touch dude, but is that some weird jealousy I smell underneath the insults aimed at someone who's identity we don't even know because they're presumably wealthy as all fuck? I'm no big billionaire apologist, but c'mon lol
im not sure if its a joke or not but are either of the boys parents actually chinese?
It's a maze so the children can't escape.
love you baby girl
i gotta be honest. If I had fuck-off amounts of money, you know damn well I'd build a mansion with secret rooms and hidden passages all over the place
do the kids inside come with the 20 million house
I love your videos really much. 🥰
thank you ostonox
Dude i live in turkey and 7 dolars is like 140 tl its like what i pay for all media apps
Love the Ribena shirt
Right on! ✊🏽 Just a bit sad I can't afford the monthly subscription... Super happy anyway! Can't wait to watch more Boy Boy 😍
\o/
At first I lol'ed, but then I serioused
Boys I have been watching both channels for quite a while now and I just wanted to say that this is by far your best video yet. There's so many running jokes and it really just made me laugh.
All jokes aside, that house is really sanatised and has no character!
No Ribena sponsorship yet?
I've always seen i did a thing as the evil Colin furze
Heart of jeffrey epsteins island
Laughed so subtle yet made my morning ty boys
I really feel like a ribena
I love the editing at 7:50
I found the prequel to this video....  https://youtu.be/DwEUB_zBAy4
Those paintings were legit terrifying, that was The Martyr type shit
Lmfao
I usually really like your content and love the unconventional satirical ways you go around controversial subjects and real problems. Homelessnes is one of them, someone building up enough wealth over their lifetime to buy a beautiful house most don't even dream of isn't. This just feels like a series of cheap shots at rich people for the sake of it, with the guy touring being collateral damage. He probably figured that the format might be more entertaining if he explores the house for the first time on camera with the audience, instead of planning the tour in advance. If I say I can sort of see why you would have a problem with the owner of the mansion, I still fail to understand what's your beef with the tour guy.   Now it's not like someone needs a house this big, but it's also not like there's not enough land. Wages and property market is a disaster everywhere and I'm myself often anxious about the thought that I will pay off my home when I'm 50 if I'm lucky, if I'll even own my home ever. And even though I know that's not the case with you two, this video feels like bitter jealousy.
Why should you need to push a mirror in order to access a room? That's the dumbest idea ever, that mirror will be always dirty
What a lovely and supportive mother you guys have❤️
That sink is 100% for sink pissers
What insane person would ever buy this to live in. You'd have to tear it all down. It's ugly and haphazard.
The punching bag is that tiny because he practice’s beating the children.
i love mum
7.5$/month for the Patreon... Could you make cheaper tiers?
Funny, I would have thought your mum would speak spanish. I'm surprised.
"You won't believe how much it costs" So what he's saying is that its either overpriced, or cheap. Neither of which is something to brag about
If you guys keep showing microphones and bottles without context you could be the next linus tech tips
Fuck yes new boy boy!!
Who is this twat and why is he even in this house.... makes me feel like im looking for the cupboard containing glassware for a sip of water at a friends ive never cooked at before
A bath onion...    Would you?
wait? are you guys related?
Fuck ye mate my fav aussie youtubers be posting. this is a good week
What the fuck was that elevator? Was it just broken and not all the way up?
His reaction when he would tell us to look someplace else, I think there just might be some bodies stored in the house
I like when he said "POP" that one time. That was good.
"You boys are so generous!" For selling exclusive videos. I get it, I respect the decision. But that stood out to me.
i lost it when i saw the child size boxing bag
Queue “sick sick sick” by Queens of the Stone Age
This is just some sick saw-style game and he was unknowingly invited here, and is slowly discovering the horrors of this place; with the climax being his abduction and gruesome killing. It’s probably what the rich lizard people do for sport, considering they lack space to play frisbee or watch tele.
Thank you boy boy for helping me brush up on my mother language in this desolate freedomland 🇺🇸 💥 🌽
This is like watching Sam Hyde at home
Ok, all jokes aside, WHO IS WATCHING THIS GUY? He sucks -so bad!- He has to be the worst host ever.
Hamish and Andy reborn.
Michael Blakey is certainly a rich man
This is why I hate capitalism.
I cant get over the fact the in the breakfast nook that the tv isnt even hung straight, let alone a tv of good quality. look at 9:30 if you want to see for yourself
I was talking about the differences in living standards with a class the other day, and I asked them to picture themselves going to a place like Nigeria, or Syria, and explaining to a very poor person that have an entire room in their house, that's JUST for the car to live in. Then further that, by telling them that you refuse to buy a house that has less than 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and at least 2 rooms JUST FOR CARS to live in. It's crazy to think of it that way, but we take a standard home for granted because we've always had one. Now imagine you grow up in a mansion? You have several million dollars. Are you going to buy a one bedroom flat infested with cockroaches? Nope. You're going to buy a mansion. Regardless of how stupid it is to have several rooms that you've never been in
This is a minecraft house
im starting to think every Resident Evil mansion is real
Best mom reveal
What food are they eating in the start? It looks so good, I need it
That small red boxing bag is one we use for kicking mainly and its lighter so it bounces back faster without swinging everywhere. Its something that the younger ones in the studio use more than anything since us older ones like to use the larger bags.
everything about the house, the host, the cameraman, the visit, and the edit is so deeply strange, I have so many questions, but one thing I’m absolutely certain of is that no one lives there, no one ever has, and no one probably ever will.
I will NOT support the patreon of two men! The sacred act of starting a patreon should be between a man and a woman!
Lmao the intro patreon ad is so traditional
Is it racist that I don't know if that is actually Alex's mum or not ?
OSTONOX EDIT YIPEE
Uh don’t look in the stove I forgot to burn the corpses of the kids I kidnapped
I think this is the most I’ve laughed on a YouTube video ever
The pedo jokes are a bit weird boys
what happened to the video of you guys reacting to that creep who went to third world countries to pick up girls? great vid
this patreon announcement is hilarious
If you want something funnier: Watch Nick Rochefort review houses every Tuesday and Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern!
She is the splitting image of both of you
The thing is, nobody lives here and potentially nobody has ever lived here. All these weird, cringy setpieces and decorations were put there by some nutjob interior designer that the owner paid to make it look "cool." Hence the astroturf, it has to be easy to just forget about for 6 months straight. It's probably just a tax dump to avoid paying certain ultra-high taxes
What did you do to your adorable Serbian mum Don't get me wrong, I like new Chinese speaking mom as well. But I'm concerned for original mum 😭
I've always notices that these rich mega mansions always have so many seats and rooms for a full concert and then some, and the single crusty bastard living inside is the most reclusive, no friend hermit, having an acre all to himself. Maybe that's why the owners of these properties are constantly throwing parties and trashing up their place, so the underpaid maids have to clean it all up and they get their ego kick.
3:46 <---------------------------------------------------------------
Best patreon advertisement ever LMAO Awesome video!!!
Damn Pierce from Community got a Youtube channel now
"lollipop...astronaut"
Atleast that house is more child friendly than MJ house.
You guys obviously have liberal tendencies and you're surprised that lib cities end up with disparities of wealth and high homelessness? Rethink why things are the way they are.
Holy shit you finally got a Patreon! I supported that idea way back, I also said I was poor...and I still am so no support. I'll get a job it's a promise
pedo house
House for sale so no food in the fridge. I have a house on lots of land and no I don't care about the poors. Not rich but quite comfortable and others aren't my problem
PEDO HOUSE FOR A CHEAP PRICE!!?  satisfactory
your mum is so pleasant. keep her around for more videos.
Really appreciate the content you guys do. With a lot of youtube content being like weird alt-right pipeline stuff, a lot of this work is legitimately super helpful to push back against it. Entertaining, poignant, and helps to highlight a lot of the stupidity in those spaces.
i listened to your mom and became a patron for the first time cool bio also
Good video, keep up the great work!!
ROFL an ache bros dudes come to canada were one person has 300+ acres of land and we have a insanely bad homeless problem here we have Indians who migrate here and literally to my face tell me that back home they have less homeless issues i will say i think some of that conversation is language barriers or like i dont know but either way ye not making the 300+ up to put that into perspective you are literally buying mountains lol not one multiple
That brillo art has to be the absolute worst peice of art I've ever seen. Like no joke.
this looks like a map that would be in the game ready or not XD for human trafficking
Producer Michael needs to be protected at all costs. That man is the equivalent of a golden retriever with 80s pop money.
very swag
With such a glowing endorsement from Alex's mum, who could resist joining such a prestigious patreon?
that fucking intro was something else. holy shit
Omfg that’s our astronaut 😂we sell those
such a bargain a haunted pedo-house for only 20 Million
I do identify myself as extremely Homophobic but for these two im really happy and absolutely okay with it. Infact so okay that i won't even mind if they start fucking each other infront of me .
That frickin Brillo pad thing is a scp
Ohhh mann Lovely Editing 😑👌 All of the News Clips about People w/o Houses and all the Giant Ugly Beverly Hills Homes
Good to se you fellas
any gregs here?
Overly-analytical and unnecessary comment incoming:  I usually enjoy watching this channel for the insightful commentary on some societal issue hidden within a funny and informative video, but I must say I'm not a fan of this style of video on here. This one felt very surface level to me, like you were a using a version of the same commentary style the bad house tour host was using. I can understand some of the reasons for making easy to produce videos between the more time consuming ones, but it does make me think I might be less excited seeing your videos pop up in my subscriptions. But I'm only one person, so take that with a grain of salt.
the gift that keep on giving
man that brillo piece was lame huh
Changing my patreon from I did a thing to Boy Boy now, finally you guys launched yours!!!
I love the ongoing conspiracy that theyre hiding children in the house
Is this notch’s house? I remember him having a candy dispenser in his mansion
What about that hair style.
you should make a video about RBNBs in the middle of nowhere, smaller than most appartments and costing a full month of rent just to be there two days lmfaoo
Please make it this a series, even if it's a short one thid is hilarious
If I knew what the original video link was I am pretty sure I commented something on that video.
this was hilarious
Your guy’s mom is such a lovely person.
First off these houses are really cheap. Its the content inside that cost the money. These people intend to sell 10s of millions of dollars in art and millions in crappy furniture. Not one of these places offer any thing a rich person would have.  First off a rich person house should include staff living apartments, commercial kitchen, medial clinc and first aid room. Pantry with walk in cooler and freezers. Solar, wind, diesel, propane and natural gas for additional power. They should also have a massive water storage in the 50 to 100k gallons if not bigger underground with ability to turn a sprinkler on to protect from fire. The building should have massive double level or more basements. Massive wine cellar full of wine and boose. Garages with stack able lifts and a mechanic bay. Security office with vault room. Shooting range. Yet none of these houses offer anything of such at all. None of them have places for live in staff which most rich people would have. Live in staff are cheap labor.
I fucking love producer Michael
Kind of you to liberate Ostonox from his millionaire
I want dumplings now
that patreon ad was simply incredible, well done you beautiful boys
Check out Nick Roachfort house reviews Tuesday and Thursday’s. It’s outstanding.
Please turn this into a series. So much tacky "luxury" content to cover!    :D
colin furze sex dungeon
Probably not the best producer michael house review lol but you reviewed the review soooo.  Lol  The guided tours tend to be better lol
The editing is so funny with their reaction lmaoooo I jumped a little at the weird art scare LOL
I would join the pattern, but not after Alex screwed over AK Jesus
Shot lads!!!
That living room at the beginning looks like the Jedi council room
the first house was notches house iirc he built it so that may explain the child height things
Why would any billionaire create a mansion, and just make it an empty minecraft house? I would have that shit full of arcades, race tracks, movie theaters, trampoline parks, water parks, parks, large gardens, basketball courts, giant showers, secret rooms, observation towers, sex dungeons, libraries, gun ranges, music studio, and gym.   I'd make it so I could never leave my house ever again, and not even notice. I'd have a whole ass walmart in the ball room.
I’m more mad at the fact that the guy is wearing shoes in such a nice house💀🤚
Yo, I'm curious.. you're mum looks really familiar... who really is she?
i like how this millionaire houses dont have an outlet in sight, so " wow such a great living room, how am i charging my phone while watching boy boy in the sofa tho?"
Wait, how were you funding this channel all this time? Obviously everything you do is stupid expensive and no way in hell anybody would sponsor it or receive ad revenue from YouTube.   I'm glad you decided to make Patreon.
Great video, would love to see more like this and the ones you have done in the past. regardless, looking forward to seeing where you two will go next
ahaaahh i did not expact that intro
it was so nice to meet your lovely mother
It looks like Castle Hill RSL
He looks like Roger Waters lmao
yeah the candy is a red flag
Inaccurate title, children taste delicious
Just in case it wasnt clear: there's a whole industry dedicated to furnishing empty houses so that potential buyers don't see it empty.
These same Hollywood elites preaches about equality and how shit America is…maybe it’s because of them its so shit
is that his mom  ... im not gonna lie we  kind of looks like that yao ming meme in the face lmao
Big ovens 😦😦 why do you need a big one not a normal one
The bag of cash, the gold bars, this house is fake, right? It's so bizarre. They never even show us the other end of that creepy elevator.
11:31 Who disguises a secret door, and a push to open door no less, as a full length mirror? Any time it’s used, there would be finger and hand smudges on it…
omg that intro was so beautiful take my money 😭
Watch nick rochefort at 7 pm on @PerfectGuyLife
Was that woman actually your mum?
Boy boy is just the gayest straight men on earth
Stole from nick and jet smh
my dream is to be so incredibly rich that I can afford the "fun" room that exclusively houses my money bag
Producer michael is a pretty decent and entertaining bloke definitely one of the better house tour youtubers
Anyone else notice all the art was sitting on the floor?
I can't tell if that's actually his mom or if it's a rare elder they gathered from the sweatshop to give a "better" life
It felt different with the editing at first, but I started liking it more as it went on. Ostonox finally moving on to better people than that talking political refrigerator
Man this is gold content, toxic bro cynicism underlaid with a humanitarian message
The game "Ready or Not" has a mission in a place just like this. Guess why you're tasked with raiding it.
2:34 lmao saying producer Michael isnt rich ahahahahahhahaha he has multiple single watches more expensive then your budget for all your chanels combined from the day you started them until 2047.    No offense meant at that! None at all!  I love your content and channels.   Michael Blakey  is an accomplished record producer, composer, and songwriter. Throughout his career, Blakey has worked with many famous musicians.  Have you heard or Eminem.    Hes worth like $60-100 million on a bad day lmao   I
He looks like a cocaine dealer Donald Trump who couldn't keep his hands off his own supply.
It looks like a hitman map
Dude's house is built like a Wolf3D level.
didnt notch the minecraft guy live here....
9:30 you want to confuse the kids , that way they cant escape
AY ILL JOIN THE PATREON IF YOU PUMP OUT 1 VID A MONTH
ъ.Ъ
At 3:48 Alex is so genuinely upset haha
"blind guy" is Producer Michael, and he is actually rich
was that real spit?
Uh this video is cool I uh 😳  like it but
@collinfurze @6:32
It’s such a small thing, but it bothers me so much that they can’t be assed to get a hot tub cover that fits the tub
I find the "criticism" about rich and homeless people pointless. What should he do, just give people houses? I wouldn't have a mansion even if i could, but if he does want and has got the money, I don't think citicizing him just because of that has a point.
Resident evil house be like : i see the garden there, idk how to get there
My god, they actually have the secret basement from Parasite
great video boys
If I comment on this video, will Boy Boy reply?
The whole pedophile substory could transform that video in a perfect short movie tbh Someone should make it one
yea
One of your funniest videos yet! Thanks! Keep it up!
i loved your mother. i am happy for the patreon
I don't have money to join your Patreon but I can send you D-Pics and you could sell them. Let me know.
Okay but in all seriousness if you guys aren’t gay you should seriously consider it, like, as a business venture.
hooray!
Cum
Bro you can't make this shit up 🤣
I love you guys!
I LOVE BOY BOYS MOM THATS A AWESOME SKIT
what's the name of the song in the beginning? it's a real banger
Song at 2min in?
that punching bag is raisable.. its for kicking and punching
You guys are so funny 😂
The lolly dispensers and the tiny punching bag - the jokes just write themselves this is too good.
This vid gets a like just for mum
I just hope the subtext was subtexted enough for the pedophiles to not come after you next
The most tasteless house I’ve ever seen. It is super overpriced, even if the owner spent 20 mil to build it it doesn’t mean it should cost the same. Just a piece of shit. If I’ve spent 100000$ on find during my live it doesn’t mean my shit costs 100000$. Sick. And that “presenter” doesn’t know what he is talking about.
As an architect,  I think these houses should exist , some countries you see the mass built apartment buildings that all look the same , it's not pleasant to look at and I don't think it's the billionaires that's the problem it's the government that needs to tax them and not spend it on the military or such
I think this guy is just a homeless guy trying to show his new squat pretending to be a realestate agent.. he obviously never had the time to visit most of the house.. if I took a guess I would say his swag and crack pipe is probably set up in the dungeon.. creepy af
Tear it down, and build apartments for some homeless folks...
if you think so
That’s so crazy how they toured hasans house
Idk, if you got a bunch of anarchists together you could turn this into a really nice occupied house.
What the hell is this 13 Dead End Drive house, why are there so many secret doors and elevators lmao
Hold up did I just see that brillo changing poster in the back? LOOOOOOOOL
Oh the blind looking guy at the begining is rich.... very, very rich, could afford all the houses he views... he has a private jet for a start
Stop being so hot & funny omfg literal perfection
ostonox my beloved <3
I want to join the patreon but I lack funds
14:26 oh my god the editing and the little jokes are all so phenomenal!! even at the beginning with the brillo canvas being slightly subtly edited in there. it's amazing. glad to see consistent quality boy boys
Very brave of you to review Hasan's house
Btw, i own that boxing bag and it is height adjustable. It is that at its lowest height so don't worry, the owner of this mansion is *probably* not training to punt children.
Ok, now show off Hasans house
who is this randum asian laidy
I love these vids, you guys have great reactions and banter.  What a fucking waste of space, I mean seriously, no one needs that much space. The Weasleys from Harry Potter wouldn't need this much space even with all of their kids.
It's not a bathtub, it's a cookpot (for the children, of course).  The onion is to flavor the soup.
LOOK OUT! BRILLO POSTER RIGHT BEHIND YOU! I'm sorry. I'll leave now.
That secret door… That sink…       This prince andrews house?   I almost forgot, the family room
Man, I need one of those spaghetti shirts.
Just joined the Patreon! I wanna make 奶奶 proud. What do we do for May Day? Family lunch? General strike?
now I knew billionaires had bad taste, but I didn't think we'd be diving head first into that particular type of thing.... gross
I think it is also time to tell your mother that you are adopted.
After the bath onion comment how could I not like and subscribe. 😂
The most senile house tour I have ever seen
Hitman level
that intro was the most wholesome family bonding typa shit
Listing off dual fire pits like it's a car with dual turbos lmao
You boys are a couple of goobers for making fun of our billionaire houses. We NEED all that space! For money! Also...MONEY! Did you see the candy basement? Clearly you've never had a candy basement date...
In comparison to a friend's tiny apartment: her is so cosy and full of interesting things. She has such a good style.
Was trying to figure out the floor plan while they were walking. Got lost on the first room
these places are mostly used to shoot porn videos I'm guessing.
At first I thought they were coming out as gay, but then I remembered that they went through the Owl House initiative and rode Mickeys wild ride, they've been out for like half a year.
An acre isn’t a lot, maybe for LA it is but if you actually wanted to spend your money correctly, you could get an amazing house and 25,000 acres in Texas for that price, you don’t need that much though
Points to the horizon and cries the prophetic phrase, "SEAGULL".
It's a maze so one can escape the rioting parents looking for their children
Touring rich boi houses and can't even call something a garden atrium lol. Outside, like, zen area right? 😂
Someone's getting great at editing
These billionaire's houses are so tacky, if I had that much money I would have a world famous architect design me a palace and I would patronize artists to paint me like it was the Renaissance. I mean it's not like people would judge me for it since they all worship wealth anyway
NEW BOYBOY VIDEO TO MAKE ME FORGET ITS MONDAY ⁉️‼️I AM LIVING THE BILLIONAIRE’S LIFE 😎😎
My first thought with that mirror door in the bathroom was that its a 2 way mirror, having a room behind it with nothing in it is a little sus
The only thing this house is missing is a maze that leads to the toilet area, just to up the stakes a little
I was hoping you were going to start an onlyfans.
Literally no soul, if i was a rich daddy boy who committed despicable crimes i wanted to live in a giant castle, with the slaves used as spearman
Homeless people are not Homeless because other people own land. They are homeless by choice, or as a result of their behavior and choices in the past.   100% foreigner logic.   If it was true, where are all the homeless In Nebraska, North/South Dakota, Wyoming, etc.
it seems like a lot of these houses are just meant to be shown to people, not actually lived in
Lowkey a sick house, at least compared to some other mega mansions
7:57 holy crap that garden is anything BUT Zen! I mean with how good the rest of the gardens look the Zen garden just looks like an afterthought
What a mum. Fine, I'll subscribe.
Producer Michael produced a beavis and butthead movie and is worth about 60 million
This place is built like it's meant for someone to leave once a month with that hair salon in the house
just move to australia, nearly every block is half an acre +
Wait are they brothers? Woah woah woah
I will still never get over the clip where this dude says he’s never walked on grass in his whole life
I like the idea that this guy is slowly uncovering that the owner is a nonce but is trying to cover for him the whole time
hey it's not on this video but why do you have a july 26 flag on your room? is it a joke? i'm cuban and it would make me really uncomfortable if it weren't cause i hate Cuba, it's history and the shitty government that makes so many people suffer including me. and if is, that would make a good video, just about Cuba and all it's dark shit including it's figures like the Castros, Che, and much more, i have some good stories.
I laughed so much ahahahha
The bath onion is for marinating kids 2-4 at a time.
You guys make jokes about the whole rich person = child r*pist, but knowing what I know about rich people, the truth is somehow going to be far, FAR worse.
Congrats! The Patreon will go a long way to covering flights, with 3600 a month (as you seemingly need to pay for 2 round trip tickets whenever you go somewhere)
oh cool. next time you should do rich Australian's houses. you should start with this cool youtuber guy that I hear is popular for some reason. I think their name is NiceGuyJordan... or something like that.  I also suggest you focus for a really long time on the number and address of that guys house. No reason....
who's mom was that though
For what it's worth, the producer Michael guy is absolutely loaded, and he absolutely buys into rich guy fashion (or lack their of). He genuinely has one of the most hidious wtach collections of any person I know, and they are all collosally overpriced, diamond encrusted monstrosities lol
Guy looks like trump and talks like him. How did you miss that lol
Oh dear here you 2 go again about the junkies... lol move them into your house bro. You can't force people to sober up, and if they where sober there are plenty of housing programs for the homeless. Stick with what you know best Australian.
Im to drunk to say samting say to theis
Just the usual rich person house. Nothing to see here
This is just a hitman house. Lots of places to hide bodies
Who esle saw the brillo sign
eu estou sinceramente apavorado e crente de que crimes foram ou serão cometidos nessa casa.
"we put an onion in the bath, which was the style at the time"
17:41 lollipop *knock knock 😮👉 ASTRONAUT
My favorite part of these videos is when the realtor does no prior research, and just points out the most obvious shit
fucking finally
The art in the hallway literally made me jump in my chair and my heartrate spike. I don't think I've ever been so viscerally shocked and unnerved by a piece of media before. Honestly very impressive lol.
the astroturf is because of water use regulations
where all my boys in the chat saw the mom and was instantly like WOULD
i love jenna ortega
Where'd you guys obtain that random chinese-speaking woman?
if shes both your mum...
I like the idea that someone built and owns that $100,000,000 house in LA just to mock the homeless. Really bringing out the American spirit
Wait y’all are brothers howd I miss that
💀
This video is actually just exposing a millionaire pedo’s trick house
3:57 lol the brillo poster in the background
Omg the start was hilarious 😂😂😆
The editing quality got a lot better and makes it pretty entertaining to watch 👌
You boys should come out to rural America sometime. You might have a better opinion on America. Reminds me of outskirts of cities in AU and smaller places in NZ. Cities always ending up becoming crap castles. Idk what it is.
it just looks like a 11 year old edgy kid way too obsessed with the sims. even the rich ppl frames in the living room have the same vibe. and hates color too, puts some drops around just so people know it exists.
The fact you guys are like funny little wacky fellas, but slide in the incredible works of Journalism (The Casino stuff, the Korea stuff, ect) is why this is one of my absolute favorite Channels.   Also I'd let Alexa kiss me on the mouth, boy to boy, boy boy even. Platonically ofc.
the dead kid jokes do not get old
hi
Love the intro! Also the ped jokes were hilarious. The whole video was amazing I love you guys!
i feel like its gonna come out that this house was designed for little people.
太好了! I'll be off to patreon now. And I'll expect literally nothing in return for that XD
OS 👏🏼
You could have bought soo much farm land with that money, and started a farm business and hired workers.
nobody is getting cooked
tuck shirt
idk why you're complaining this house is a home to hundreds of homeless children. these people are saints
Pretty sure that house is brand new and set up by a staging company with all the furniture and weird stuff
I watch that guy on a regular and this reaction to his videos make it so much better and funnier for the future
the fridge is empty becuase its normally filled completely with juice boxes and uncrustables, but to cover up the pedo house they had to take all of that out.
Are you gonna include Hasan’e mansion too?
10:08
This was great video and a horrifying house I love their reactions!
Man I don't think a patreon has ever been this tempting.
i like how slowly they are just uncovering these horrid secrets about this house you guys should do a video investigation series: the discovering of billionaires secrets xD
they lost all there money money laundering at pokie machines
Shower onions are a thing tho…
I would kx myself if I had to live in that soulless place
I didnt think i would enjoy this as much as i did. Very Well done. We need more house reviews.
Was watching on autopilot and the edit at 10:29 scared f out of me.
1 minute, 50 seconds in. got chills. this is gonna be gooooood
Oh god I completely lost it when the lame picture is suddenly on the wall behind Alex
even the punching bag was at child height. they must need a way to blow off steam after being tortured lol
FINALLY  THEY USED THE WORD COMMUNIST  GAD DAMN
The boys completely missed the point of the piss sink
The kid jokes were extremely funny. I fucking died💀
why does the lame artwork appear at 4:00 then just disappear 2 seconds later lol
The bath onion really got me
Secret entrances and rooms are cool, but it's really creepy when one goes into the bathroom, from behind a mirror of all things!
Lmao
The secret rooms and maze layout are to slow the police down so you can "accidently" misplace evidence
When people call a rich dude a pedophile with literally no evidence everyone says "yeah, probably"
this is not content its a cry for help and over reactoins -10 stars out of 5
It's a semi blind man walking through a child abuser house
HOW TF YOU GUYS GET THE PAINTING THEY HAD IN THE HOUSE???
Low effort. Boring.
Bang ! Brillo. . .pop ! 💀 Your kidding me that's depressing one acre for this shite vs idk affordable housing for actual common workers in any country 🥱 god I want to eat the rich probably taste like Kobe meat given their money 💲
World class editing
More pay per view. Yay 😒
Holy shit
Hey Alex I have some unfortunate news; you share a birthday with Candy Ken
Who tf is this billionaire lmao
Is a hobbit mansion
But billionaires don't taste bad....  >:)
i love Ribena
Thanks mom
maybe taking the conspiracy theories about putin's war 100% seriously and making a video about it is also something sponsors frown upon
It's like a scooby doo mansion, if the police ever come snooping around to find the missing kids, they could run into any room and disappear with the hidden doors
this is the only time out of school I've understood Chinese
This is what happens when you misplace the house blueprints and use a Doom level instead.
12:51 - Ice Cream 17:41 - Lollipop 17:43 - Astronaut
$20m to buy the house, then another $50m do demolish it and build and actual home.
idk why but i feel the psychotic urge to give all my savings to boyboy™ patreon.
For some reason I have never made the connection that Alex was half Chinese. I mean, look at that behemoth of a guy
Says man dressed for free dress day
太好了！
What they missed at 8:48 is how small that bed is.
Why no release video every week😭 so good is content from boy boy asian
Endless Liminal Space house nightmare
I've seen you wear that Ribena shirt for a long time, and I'm still very jealous of it
I now understand why a couple of Australians cannot fathom the inequality of America. Australian companies pay their employees very well  as an American I work for an Australian company and they truly want their employees to succeed. It saddens me that American companies don't give a shit about their employees!!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Great job, guys! 👌🤣
plan b it is
How have you made such an incredible video reacting to what is arguably the worst video on YouTube 😂
finally Colin gets the callout he deserves.
I love the bath onion 🧅
They probably rent them on Airbnb and go film lol that’s why they have no clue what they’re actually talking about
I started this video under the assumption there would be at least one reference to billionaires habitual paedophilia and I wasn't disappointed.
Jesus christ, they showed Lamps made out of the hair from the girl from The Ring and then moved swiftly onto wall art, mimicking the dvd cover from The Human Centipede.  Also, Brillo art? What the fuck was that?
Damn I didn0t know my favourite australian lads are siblings and also mixed race lol
You can say lots of bad things about rich people at any time before the modern age, but their style was on point
Very nice and fun intro, i like it
This man’s idea of fun is very different to us peasants who might want to throw a ball or plan things in our gardens or watch TV I. Our lounge.
If this were a real Asian mom, their first reaction would be disappointment Time to go back to china
It's either he is pedophile or he grew up poor and living in his childhood dream i hope its second one
The brillo art showing up right after saying it’s the lamest thing you’ve ever seen was fantastic.
laughed, was disgusted by the obscene amount of wealth, then laughed some more
I know you were thinkin between patreon and sponsors but what made you eventually do patreon over sponsors?
on sale! still. since it was built. a looooong time ago.
9:30 that's so the children never figure out how to escape...
millionaires have to be so scared when they turn the light off and have to run a mile to the bed
the editing was really fucking jarring by the way, nice vid otherwise felt like a panic attack tbh
You and your mom have the same eyes
rich people be like: i wanna go outside but i don't know how to get there
YES
He's so lost in the house like how hard is it to just briefly look at a floor plan.
the edit is HOLY SHIT AMAZING All this edit in a react video WOW!!   bro  luv you
妈妈我好想你。。。
Re: The astro turf. LA is part of a water crisis affecting the southwestern US.
Joe Bidens long lost English brother
Bro obviously you got too much time on your hands since you made spit track on the t-shirt better than it had to....
God Bless America...
15:55 nothing like the pictures of dead peoples souls
Me building my Minecraft house:
SO MANY RED FLAGS
4:05 an acre of land isn't a problem, it's the sheer amount of money spent on one singular house for like- 1 rich dude and all his trafficked women (Tate moment). Honestly if instead of pouring excessive amounts of money into entertainment business (Hollywood), we distributed that money to charities and businesses who actually help people, first responders, and just generally into bettering the world, I think life would be so much different... And we wouldn't have to sit through any more horribly made Marvel movies
The way you think he’s counting the gold bars, but then realize he’s actually counting how many kids would fit in the safe. 😂
The person who edited this needs to be paid so much more, i'm laughing my ass off from how funny this video is.
20 million actually seems pretty cheap for that…
also i'm thoroughly enjoying your camera tracking shots
this channel sucks they seem jealous and don't even know the YouTube their reacting too and putting their opinion right on him,
That little edit with the framed brillo art was brilliant.
The house is so huge, they didn't know what to do with all that space
Such a nice house though.
Truly a pedophillionaire moment
Wait a second, you guise throw frisbees in Australia? What about your boomerangs?
Boy it’s a great Monday
Nah but that house is actually very concerning
The mans reactions genuinely make it seem like he was seeing a dead body every 5 minutes
4:59 You pay a FORTUNE for this damn house and still you have exposed plumbing? No sort of cover piece or façade? What the fuck. 5:45 and random, loose doors? This house isn't even fucking finished what the hell is this shit? It's fucking furnished, but there are doors leaned up against the outside of the elevator shaft. Fancy. The elevator door is short as fuck, and so is the elevator itself, and the inside of the door is still bare wood. The elevator doesn't even look like it's hooked up. This house is literally unfinished. He's giving a tour of an unfinished house. 7:24 HOW OLD IS THAT TV BRO, LOOK AT THAT MASSIVE BEZEL. That shit is from like 2009 wtf
song?
Lol, the edit where it has it hanging on their wall at 3:57
MY BOYS ARE BACK
Boys never laughed so much over a producer Michael house viewing. Keep it up. Its brilliant. :):)
Instantly on this Patreon, all you had to say was more Boy Boy content
I can't believe you boys didn't know what the pecker washing sink was for in the first bar. Smh
grass doesn't need that much rain right? disappointed ididathing man didn't knew
I have a feeling this house is just a party house. That is why there is no food, and the blind dude can run around without knowing anything about the place. It just sits empty until someone rents it out for a part.
Ofcourse Chinese mom is gonna love Patreon, "Chinese love money!" - Ronny Chieng
love you guys <3
All of the art except the ghosts trapped inside the walls doesn't look good and also cheap, so why put it in such a mansion?
title: "IS THIS MEGA MANSION WOTH $100,000,000?"  video: "no."
Like you guys, but a very stupid video this time around.
This mans in a pedophiles house lol...
Love the videos lads, but I have to say that your music selection absolutely SLAPS. Keep up the great work
The editing is on point
Idiocracy was real.
amazing video
The right wingers are shitting themselves after that intro
I’m glad I wasn’t the only one to have a visceral reaction after he touched the hair lamp
The first mansion belongs to a human trafficker for sure
best vid
it is truly a horribly designed house
I don't think anyone actually live there, some stupid stupidly rich person bought it, then going to leave it as it is, then wait till someone more stupid with money but it from them, then the cycle continue.  Also, I don't want to sound racist, but your mother looks Asian, nothing wrong with that, they are people too,   Also, a moment of silence for all those possibly dead or dying children who may or may not be trapped in that bungalow.
This is what a 5 year olds perfect mansion would look like
17:17 if you pay close attention you can see the subtle change in his expression as the child behind the counter grabs his leg
the basement tour is wild
Yeah but *real* Heineken though...
That edit at 10:28 genuinely fucking gave me goosebumps
Now thats the best patreon ad Ive ever seen.
Your mom is a very nice lady!
that was one of the most funniest videos I have seen in a while xD
I love boyboy commentary videos
They saved the kids from the billionaire pedo and found jobs to them, amazing guys 👏🏻
I think this is probably the best English language communist propaganda channel on YouTube. You guys always kill it!
The editing was amazing. The effort put into it really paid off
This was so hilarious! PLEASE review the 500 million dollar house that Nigel tours. That one is always a funny watch.
You don't have rich assholes in Australia?
Some of the best editing/motion design/vfx on this vid! Nice work to whoever did them 👏 👍 👌.
Man, rich people like hard surfaces
Why is this guy so obsessed with those illusion pictures? He does this in multiple videos, I wonder if he knows its the same thing you would find in a McDonalds happy meal
donald trump after losing the elections
This reminds me of that mission on ready or not with the mansion that ends up being owned by a pedo
the sweatshop clip bro
Top notch editing!! Also love how the kid jokes were so unavoidable hahah
How come the homeless dont buy land?
Is that actually your mum? Nice! W dad.
who was that?
Bro casually mentions working in a sweatshop
I really get "Voll Health House" from the game "Ready Or Not" vibes on this house!!  Probably Amos Voll who owns it.
After watching this video I have a theory. You know how people say “Epstein didn’t kill himself”? Well, they’re half right. He didn’t kill himself but he also wasn’t murdered. It was a huge deception and this is his home.
ayyy finally a patreon, good job
I know what the bath onion is for…
I WANT THAT RIBENA T-SHIRT
Ugly house or not, there is a certain charm of this bloke where he seems to be seeing the house for the first (?) time, and his raw reaction to the dumbest interior design
I've done some work in a few rich people houses, and one thing that baffles me is that they all have garbage TVs. If I were rich, fuck not even rich, just like, not broke, I'd have a huge 4k OLED setup. Some of these guys have like old Curtis Mathis or Sears TVs. I just don't get it.
"Who are you punching this low?"
The camera man knows more than the person in video imagine this man actually trying to sell you a house
These houses are a lot less impressive when you realize they're basically just big office buildings
your channel is amazing both of you got so much charisma hard not to smile whilst watching
Imagine waking up in the middle of the night and as soon as you open the door you see the shadow demon paintings. I checked, they literally were right outside the bedroom.
So this randomly popped up on my tl and I must say it was a delight! Love your sense of humor! Quite handome as well! 😍😉Also mom's is adorable 🥰.
shout out to your mother
The fridge was empty because they eat their children fresh
#GayforGamebar
The hot tub part had me crying 😂
this house doesn't need an underground dungeon, the house itself is a dungeon.
when they got to the candy dispenser i was starting to actually believe there were children held there 😭 and then opportunities for the joke kept coming up and i was dying every time
Y’all mf funny
Plot twist, this is Warwick Davis's house
I died
Already subscribed to the patreon long before the call to action, lol.
:)  .
The bath onion gives me the same vibes as the watermelon scene in Buckaroo Banzai. Where they say "I'll explain to you later" but there is no later. There is never any later.
Give me your mom's recipes and I'll sign up to your patreon.
Y’all cool Yung n words
Hell yeah. I'm subscribing to that patreon immediately
Alright, you win, that was the best patreon ad I have ever seen
Lol people are so going to dox the owner of this now. Good Luck!
The intro was genius hahahahha
Okay this is scary
I'd bet it's an investment house. Completely empty but just enough stuff inside to give the appearance that someone lives there for crap like this
its the piss sink
Love the classic Ribena T
Keep up the good work boys
This isn't just a tour of a billionaires mansion, it's a tour of a pepophiles mansion.
Delighted to be their beautiful baby boy.
i manually remove adblock just for u, baes
This face tracking made me nauseous 😂😂
Does John Barilaro own that house maybe. Air B&B. 😅
ah the American era of decadence
if only you weren't gay I'd donate!
that house is so unlivable you can't even sit next to your friends and watch tv
The video editing is on another level. Thanks Boy Boy
Billionaires are really obviously sick in a way that gets actively ignored because they have money, therefore everyone assumes they're crazy smart. They're not. They're demented obsessives, junkies really, who just cling to their power tooth and nail, and thanks to Elon what happens when that power is threatened is being broadcast to the world on loudspeaker. What a sterile, miserable home. Ick.
hey, how can I pay your patreon without paypal or credit card? would love to join ya!
THE AUSSIE BOYSSSS!!!
putting that brillo art in the bacground was amazing 😃
@15:10 this room is where he washes the children before lounging together
Unironically some of the best agitprop out there
this kid bodies editing is top tier
Thank you, boy boy 🌈
The reason there's nothing in the fridge is because the owner can't afford anything after buying that house.  EDIT: why TF is he wearing sunglasses inside?
11:45 It be like living in a Doom level, just pushing up against every wall to find secret doors.
The paintings were a major red flag
Plastic grass just looks cheap. Thats where they shot themselves in the foot. They wanted it 'perfect' they wanted it now! It looks like lego land.
This got Cody ko vibes before he started sucking.   Also producer Michael is such a fucking weirdo with no producing of anything
Whenever I read "Boy Boy" I immediately think of Noel Fielding doing blackface in the Mighty Boosh
I would buy this house for like $22,000
the rich guys wana be amazed by their houses lol
What's weird to me is, why would you make so many cramped feeling rooms and bits of garden when you have such a huge area to play with? And why just put all those paintings on the ground like that?
Alex, Aleksa, and ostonox?! This made my month ❤
My favorite boys!
Didnt even link the patreon. Tsk tsk
Your mom is sexy, damn
Daaaamn this editing is fire 🔥💯 Eat the rich
3:57 that’s the lamest ghost picture I’ve ever seen
The cinema should have recliner seats. For f'ing! Every movie gets applaud.
what was going on with the confusing cuts to completely unrelated shots lol  9:50 for example. ????
this is too funny I cant stop laughing I think im gonna die!
Look for a padded room or wall, thats epstein stuff.
Best part is the private cinema. Imagine having your personelle watching along with you. It seems like a normal cinema, but you can shout at a random person to shine your shoes, or light your havana.
Nice
Chillax guys. In communism we all are equal slaves.
I would love a flashback episode where it’s clips we’ve never seen, and have never happened.
the child dungeon bits throughout the vid had me rolling bro 😭
The boy boys are back!
This house is snowpiercer irl. The house is def powered by ompa loompas
The best patreon add I've seen
yer mums yer da - Benedict Cumberbatch
Once I saw the art on the wall that looked like the cover of The Human Centipede, I couldn't hold back the tears. Such a funny video. Bazaar stuff.
the homeless in LA are usually homeless cause they dont have a job and dont want to work, from my expereince with them at least its not cause they cant find a house
The video title is the reverse of click bait… This video says so much more than “billions have bad taste”…
This confirms my suspition you guys are shills for the vietnamese communists
Imagine you slip in the bathroom and try to stop yourself with the glass 😂 12:00
A phrase I frequently say working in a drycleaners and seeing all the trash rich people buy for themselves is "Rich people really don't deserve their wealth, they don't know how to spend their money."
the bath tub is where they cook the children, that's why there is onion there
lithuanian with a asian mother ??????? man the soviet union was something else
I genuinely do not know if these guys are dating or not, none of my business tho, great vid
I did a thing is so narcissistic ugh. What a fancy bloke
~THE HAIRY LAMP~
That house is actually really sus, that not talking about the fact that no one should have that much wealth
You know, whoever owns this house probably has children? I don't know what's so weird about that.
I want one of these 3d Pics but It has a nude of me in it but you can only see it from above. Imma hang it far up high.
Im sort OCD with my bedroom - I cant work or play games if its dirty. With that mindset, how the hell as a rich man can I live in a place where a few blocks away people live in tent cities???
I (ironically) watch producer Michael all the time, I'm glad I'm getting a crossover between my two favorite creators 😍😍
He said the thing!
Who the fuck is ostnox
bing chillie
A lot of these mansions are just held as "investments" and a way to get around some taxes without anyone actually living in them.
Producer Michael is the type of person that is rich but has dementia and doesn’t know it’s not his own house
If the sweatshop video is on Patreon I wanna watch it.   I’ve always just kinda imagined it and seen tiny clips but… that’s it
Expensive houses almost always look like hotel lobbies.
i would walk beside all the walls spamming a
I love boy boy
The fridge is empty because all the meat is locked up in the basement.
ashdown bass rig in the first shot lol
This house is made for pedophiles lol, the amount of evidence is staggering.
don't forget, every politician every cop on the street protects the interests of the pedophiIic corporate elite
Wow a blind realtor what an inspiration
so proud of you for figuring how you wanted to tell your mom about your patreon <3 its a loving decision and wish so many patrons your way :)
I’m glad Hasan introduced me to you guys. Love your content
I would love if one of the times he tried to go through an open door it turns out it was just a window. Place gives me those vibes.
Sure, but, why is it the fault of the people who have the money to buy an acre and a mansion that homeless people exist? And what's the solution? Allow drug addicts and mentally ill people to move in with them? LA is expensive because people want to be there. Unless you have the capital, you're not going to be able to live there.   There are entire states less populated than the city of Los Angeles. It's not like this is some unavoidable housing crisis -- we aren't running short on land any time soon.   We couldn't afford to stay in California, so we moved. We now have a house. We both have jobs and we don't do meth. Even in this fucked economy, it isn't impossible to get ahead. But you're not going to get ahead if you do meth and refuse a shelter because you want to do more meth. That's not to say there aren't some homeless people who just got an absolutely terrible hand in life, no doubt, but most of them are there because they chose to be. Most of them are still there because they actively choose it. They can hop on a bus if they want, quit the drugs, find work. They don't, and it ain't my fuckin' problem.   Buy them tickets to Australia and let them live with you. Be my guest.
Please tell me, you don't wear a Ribena shirt ironically do you? They aren't some disturbingly bad company or something are they..? I love Ribena, shits my childhood.
Brazilian sadness, thirty reais a month is a lot for a poor Latin American communist with no money in the bank.
The host looks like a slim Donald Trump.
I’m very sad the video is over.
Personally I’m not communist but I love every Boy Boy video
Bro, I have never seen Alex actually get this pissed off. Lol
Congrat on the patron guys. Hope you guys have a wonderful and longful sweatshop career 🎉
I just watched most of their videos, must have brought them back.... You are welcome
16:38 They played the song! They played the song!
Why is the mum Chinese
YouTube served me an ad for yachts while I was watching this.
this is like the shitist billionaires house, I love it. please do more of this, this is amazing.
4:35  meanwhile this actually happened on one of his tours... They find a hidden dungeon and then the owner refuses to let the viewers in to see...
Dose someone know whats the name of the Song at 16:37
A lot of people have fake grass in Cali because there’s a sever drought and it’s low maintenance!
btw 5 stars for the mom actress at the beginning,  she's so good
9:40 someone breaks in, and by the time they find valuables, they've been lost for days and too weak to fight you and you just add them to the basement and put them to work
Didn't know Joe Biden had a house-tour youtube channel
100 million xD i would give em 20k for that crap
incest?
1:51 whats the song name?
Weak attempt at copying Nick Rochefort
If you think i'm going to give 5 dollars to watch your video you must be r***r**d. I'll just find it on some crappy forum instead.
4:00 They got the brillo painting just for three seconds of a mostly unnoticed joke
a bath onion is a bath bomb
Guy actually designed his house like an elden ring dungeon. You never know which wall is fake
well I like your videos but I clicked on it expecting shitty looking houses but all I found was you critisizing injustice...which I get but ig thats just how it is, some people are born with money, some arent, some get the oportunity to make money, some dont- its unfair but its life and I dont see a point in hating on rich people for being rich and owning big houses🤷
I'm getting "I think you should leave - complicated shirt" vibes from that guy showing the house
California has been in a drought for a long time, so Astroturf may just be a way to save water.
多么可爱的女士
ostonox is a great editor, you guys r lucky to have him
Normally i like your videos. But this is kind of stupid. What was the point? I get that wealth is not spread equal and there are people who life over the top luxurious lives and have opulent mansions. But why make a stupid video off of another stupid video? That is almost as bad as making ...reaction to...something videos.
You guys are gonna clean up, ever since channel 5 fell to shit I've been gagging for a new patreon from someone similarish
can i have your patreon for free because i really want to watch your vids but also i really dont want to give money 😨😨😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭💀💀👀👀👀👀😏😏😨😨😨😨
*astronaut* I died laughing
The editing brings this video to a another level. Funniest vid I've seen from Boy Boy.
Why is this scary
Is that really Alexs mom? She's adorbs
every youtuber wanting a piece of that ostonox editing
Yea man it’s pretty messed up here in the US. People won’t firebomb you either you’ll just get assassinated.
I´d love a video of you talking about monarchy and colonization. Congratulations for your work.
It looks like nobody actually lives there because nobody actually lives there. It's probably just a property for the owners to funnel their money into.
God I get so happy seeing a Boy Boy upload. Fuckin drop everything to watch em
boy boy uploads go crazy
3:47 That was exactly how I reacted to it.
no cards no patreon.
17:21 I love how he's so awed by the "real Heineken" as well, as if Heineken isn't just pissy mass produced beer.
I hereby pledge, if my bank account gets a integer-overflow error because of debt or I gain significant amounts of money by other means, I will pledge considerable funds, among some other creators, to you. I know, this sounds like the "and here I'd put my trophies if i had any" - meme.
unironically the first time i’ve ever even considered subscribing to a pateron… ur videos are genuinely everything
0:56 there’s no link in the description for the patreon
Who tf lives in a house like this
How FUN is this bathroom! ?????
thanks ostonox!
when i will start earning i will definitely support you guys and your relationship! for now liking videos will do for me
The free I Did a Thing ad was my favourite part. Glad they know the right channels to push even in this corner of the internet
Omg edited by Ostonox let’s go!
A lot of people have made fun of Producer Michael but this is the funniest so far.
Honestly I've spent so long just binging these videos, your dynamic are so entertaining.
Member when they said "either we steal from companies or steal from you" so they tried taking sponsorships but had prefaced it by saying "dont buy any of our sponsorships"..i guess the companies saw that cuz now they have a patreon lol
these guys are so funny, they deserve to blow up
As someone who lives in Orange County, I can tell you LA is as bad as it looks in the clips. Homeless under every overpass. Encampments in the middle of the city
Best moment ever at 10:43 the picture "all you need is love". 😂😂😂
Guess I'm poor because I really don't get why they have dual fire pit
best opening ive ever seen
This house is something you would build in Sims to torture your Sims
Mom is quite persuasive.
my god i dont think ive laughed this hard in a while, amazing content! lmao 🙌🙌
Rich people are the only ones sophisticated enough to understand the appeal of mansions  and human trafficking
can’t watch the videos in public i keep snorting and i accidentally spit out my coffee.
AEUUGH??!
Who lives in a place like that? Awful
the "Brillo" at 3:58 killed me, too güd
pls tell us the music yall use omg
The plan: hire homeless people to live in mansions, sit in specific rooms, and intermittently shout where they are in a game of Marco Polo that helps the rich outsource their object permanence.
literal lmaos at the children in the various parts bit
boy boy
The reasons why everything is so empty is because no one really lives in houses like this. They are basically just an asset to store your money. That's what's happening with the luxury apartments in big cities, especially NY. Billionairs are buying them because they don't depreciate unlike some stocks.
please i want another video like this. the nonce joke was fucking hilarious. When you mentioned him seeing a corpse in the pool and then moving on hahahaa! love you boy boy
Jeez, the house tour footage was so bad that I kept picking my phone up to skip the ad. A quick blurb about an ice hack for low fat solar that doctors don't want me to know about, would have been a relief.
Love how those cunts didn't even bother to bring a gimbal... :D
i'm taking "bath onion" to my grave
I was not expecting the sudden sweatshop video dropped in that patron ad XD
Please do more of these videos mocking home tours
🐔
these silly aussies dont know about bath onions lol. everyone in america uses them.
curious that my favorite brazilian channel on youtube (who's an symphatizer with the brazilian communist party) and my favorite gringo channel on youtube does videos reacting to luxurious houses.   nice approach and idea, comrades. love your content
The house is a bargain because the fundamentals of real estate dictate that the more heinous the crime, the more you have to reduce the asking price, especially when it's the first time it's being sold as a murder house. Now, add in the fact that it wasn't just a murder scene, but it was also a pedophile play house which ran on child slavery both sexual and otherwise, and all the murder victims seem to be children as well, I'm surprised the asking price went over 6 figures.
The twist is that the presenter was the child all along, and he didn't know about anything because it's his first time being set loose.
I wish I didn’t live in a country with useless currency. I want to support you guys but as a student I can’t afford it in my country 😢
Asian mom making eastern european dumplings, i love that premise xd
You've got to love that Australians are so lost when it comes to real words, they're literally devolving. Just because no one lives there, doesn't make it not a house anymore...Add a little bit of communism, and nothing makes sense anymore. Likewise, working for a rich person doesn't make it slavery. Still just a job, and by definition not slavery...    That's probably why half of this gey couple spends all his time in the garage. Everything else utterly perplexes him into being just dumbfounded. Drop a dollarydoo in front of them, and ask them to pick it up and they're minds will literally explode....Money and words 😱😱🤯🤯     They probably don't even need a gey-Patreon. The money they do have just confuses them too much. So they're not sure if they have enough to do anything. Every time they open their wallets, they can't tell if they can afford lunch or a plane, because numbers are the evil capitalist devil. So they just start crying...  JK, Love you really really much.   PS That's a bathtub. People who aren't communists use them to clean themselves. Don't worry. One day you'll figure it out. Probably. Or at least the more inventive of the two will figure out a hose eventually. We'll tackle soap after that.
def a chomo mansion
I'm 15min 10sec in to the video and I've never laughed so much in my life
To the mooooon!
Wait is that actually Alex's mom? Because if so, that's adorable.
What is this asian song in the intro?
i cant believe there are that many kid references in this house
motion sickness from your camera
I lost my shit when the dude said "Astronaut" 😃👉
Classic Asian mom bring supportive of your alternative lifestyle choices.   Wait what?
Ayo, I remember being one of those people sleeping on Hollywood Blvd.  Terrible time, do not recommend, you'll have all of your shit stolen.
I don't find it that weird to have a "fun room". I do, however, find it weird, that the "fun" consists of a duffle bag with fake(?) money and a copy of the Mona Lisa. And I find it weird, that these people have a fun room in addition to a billard and sweets room, a movie theater, a gym and a hair salon. Plus their 10-15 different seating areas, where they can look at each other and have a normal, nice human day. In conclusion: if you need 15+ minutes to get from your bedroom to your empty fridge, your house is too big. I would rate this house 1 melting lolipop/10.
I am genuinely confused, can someone explain to me why is there an onion in the bathtub?
Are they really gay? I m confused
rich people don’t know what families are
Does the $20 million include any kids?
This is really funny
I don't know why i want that hairy lamp but i do
To answer some questions the guy making the video (producer Michael) is very rich, and the houses they tour are for sale and staged. Hence why they are somewhat unfinished/ have some questionable design choices. Yes tho this house is tasteless and excessive (and probably full of dead kids).
i dont have money but if i had any i would pay your patreon. Top tier content right here
The future Slumdog Millionaire started there. i barking only for what I am seeing real life  but others stray dogs barking for reels making💰 🧐🎩
dude you guys are amazing. every videos you guys make has good content.
Yoooo… i bet a hundred euro buckies that the owner of that mansion was friends with Ep(s)t3in - who‘s in?
Nobody with 20 mil to spend on a house they would actually live in is buying this crummy second hand house. Unless they just want to buy it as an investment to flip later.
this has got to be one of the best patreon reveal video
Yeah great but, where is your Podcast? I want this funny sh*t weakly pls!
what i thoought when he said next level🤣🤣🤣🤣 .....omg
fetid memery
It's so nice to finally hear them admit they love each other really really much.
I watched a video tearing this guy and the houses he views apart over 4 years ago and I'm prepared to do it again with you guys
boys i forgot u r channel name ?
NOW THATS A *REALLY* COMPLICATED SHIRT  im impressed
oh my god it's literally a pedophile house. the evidence skyrockets. oh here's my wall of paintings of kids i've murdered
I hope you still enjoy your position on genocide of Ukrainians done by russians - "Everyone is guilty except russians", mr "I'm australian of a russian descent and russian propaganda still have influence on me".
SO EXCITED FOR EVERYTHING TO COME!!!!
Rich people are fucken weird lol
EVERYONE SUPPORT THESE DUDES
Don’t put your mom in your videos please.  Food too.  I don’t have either.  Food or a mom.
I love how little you guys care. The sweatshop bit was brilliant!
Where do you find the music for the intros?
Classic case of extremely rich person loses all perception of reality
fyi the patreon link in the description isnt working
Money doesn't buy taste unfortunately. Not saying I want to be homeless but a tent looks better.
that was the best patreon advertisement i think i’ve ever had the fortune of watching.
Up
Fuck yeah boy boy hurt me more
This is a real life equivalent of architectural monstrosity akin to the likes of Dracula's castle from Castlevania
the jokes and the editing made me laugh so many times, great video
oh my god a ostonox and boy boy video
Maybe the billionaire has kids and its a boxing bag for a child that enjoys boxing? That is the best case scenario here.
How does hasan feel about you chasing same hyde trends with these nick rochefort house reviews lol
I clicked on this expecting a hasan house tour
Multi million dollar property and the guy doesnt even know where the fuck the rooms are
At 3:58 anyone else noticed they had the painting behind them?
the 30+ dislikes are from the Missing kids.
Boy Boy reacts is some entertainment.
I love these boy boys
bing chirring
I have a strange urge to consume Blackcurrent cordial...
Excellent intro haha
3:40 thats literally a child's toy, i had so many of those as a kid
12:19 my favorite part of the Fun Room is the 100% guarantee that the door in that bathroom has a two way mirror.
HE NEVER WENT BACK TO THE SECRET ROOM! 😩😩😩
More mansion tours please 😂
I absolutely HATE the fake grass everywhere.
Why do these people build such unpleasant places
There’s not space! They’ve ruined all the space 😂😂😂😂
omg yes!!! love this channel, been waiting for a new video. love you, thank you x
BOIBOI
Alex's mother was very nice in this video
bruh the dead baby jokes write themselves. anyway... love this video! lowkey "that's cringe" vibes :)
Producer Michael is worth at least 100 million(thru dodgy music licensing buisness) so youtube is basically his retirement hobby. He pays a huge team to make these disasters of videos.
You've earned your like before the actual video started.   BTW, I ain't got no money for you guys, but you have my full emotional support :D
How much did prince andrew get for the place in the end?
I can promise you if I had 20 millions to blow on a house, it’d be much better than that 🤣🤣🤣
I like the video that Drew made 2 years ago better than this one.
Why does every expensive house seem so tacky? Is this for fake rich people or something
Poor children
We've got another full-length video waiting for you right now at patreon.com/Boy_Boy
Our mother is so supportive!
Favorite YouTubers
That's why my extra houses are located in Bel Aire where it's illegal to be poor.  That house is a whole lot cheaper than my other ones. 🙃
🤣🤣 THIS IS SO F*CKING FUNNY!!
Jfc these house tours are terrifying. I mean I’m laughing with the boys but I’m genuinely concerned what goes down in that house.
That into 🤣
I wish there were videos like this but for normal people's houses. Rich houses are never a surprise it's just unconventional clutter. I want to see some ambitious mediocre housing that people actually live in and use, not a museum that exists purely out of boredom and for a conversation piece.
The link for the patreon is broken in the description
Mozel tov on announcing your coming out
The editing on this was so good! 😂
no way an ostonox banger on boy boy lets goooo
Genuinely arguably one of the best channels on YouTube. Keep up the good work : )
That was an amazing fuckin intro mates I must say
the child murderer vibes in this house were increasingly suspicious
Is no one going to point out that a hidden room "for fun" connected to a bathroom is definitely the sex room
You need to do more of this content
(Fart noise)
There’s no greater feeling than when an Asian mom is proud of you. Glad to see your mom finally, it all fits perfectly, and great job on the coming out guys, so proud of you 😌
I'm going to be rich and careless enough to live in a house like that in la one day 😂
patreon link doesnt work
Those human paintings at 15:58 weren't paintings, they were glass panels...
Pretty sure the onion was a gold bath bomb in a cheap plastic sleeve. Surely rich folks like this would be buying handmade bath bombs.
Ah hell yeah! We finally get to see Hasan's crib! Let's goooo!
Astronout! 17:43
Since this was edited by Ostonox, I expected some not so subtle digs at Hasan. I'm surprised that [OS] didn't use this as another opportunity to bully Hasan into veganism, lol-.
15:03 the onion is for the cartoonish soups
The worst thing is they've wasted so much space with the stupid architecture that the actual amenities in the house are the equivalent of like, a pretty good hotel room. Like, you're almost never going to actually use the underground cinema or the M.C. Esher stair-garden or the weird sweet dispensers, an actual human will spend about 90% of their time in the bedroom and that tiny space with the TV. It's so insulting that they have spent all this money and used all this space and it's not even providing a good service for humans; it's just a display of opulence.
1:53 name of the song plz
calling out colin furze like that ooohff, but i would like to so you guys make a colap with him that would be good
The opening bit was amazing
This has to be *THE BEST* Patreon plug I've ever seen on Youtube right there !
it's like a Souls game you don't know how to get to the next area but you know there's either a hidden path to get there or you can unlock a shortcut
The blind guy is called 'Producer Michael', he's a very successful producer, ownes his own jet, Beverly hills mansion and loads more shirts like that one.
The boys are finally coming out as socialist 🎉❤❤
mom <333
ostonox pog
13:52  ngl i though he was counting the ingots, but when he said 12 kids i fuck1ng died 🤣🤣🤣🤣
this looks like the house of an evil dentist in a 90s movie.
i like how they edited in the brillo poster in their room right after they called it lame
Couldn't stop rewatching the simultaneous reactions to the horror artwork bahahahahah
You heard the lady, get over there and sign up!
that guy looks like the friend of a rich James bond villain who get executed brutally in the first 20 minutes to show how bad the villain is.
17:21 omg they were right
Hope you guys pay ostonox well, unlike Azan
You guys should do another channel called “We did a thing” staring the both of you!
These are the people we let run the world
why does the camera man know more about the house than the guy giving the tour? Just swap places, jesus christ.
the editing is fantastic I love it so much but like cmon man, the painting that changes words is pretty cool
17:21 when the "dead" child grabs your leg
this house is darksouls themed with linear progression, shortcuts, and illusionary walls included
Whoever designed this probably asked a child what they would do with a million dollars.
If I had money I would support you guys on patreon twice over, great content lads
The introduction 🤣
gulag
The reason it's ASTROtruff at rich people houses is because of water shortages in LA. Many summer even rich people aren't allowed to water their grass and it all goes brown. With truff it never needs water and in fact you can collect water under the astrotruff and store it for later use.
I like the format that this old guy makes videos in of 2 stupid guys doing a house invasion, and that they're touring the mansion of a p*derast who designed their house with Wolfenstein 3D secrets.
Your mum is a lovely lady.
You guys didn’t even link the patreon properly in the description
Ostonox making the rounds I see. First for QT, now for BoyBoy. What can this man not do.
Love this, will enjoy the patreon videos!!
Aleksa sounds more and more like a communist lol
Is that a bath onion 🧅 lol 😂
i normally hate in-video ads, but that was pretty cute
Lmfaoooooooo ❤
any grass in LA is an invasive non native plant
Minecraft shaders have come quite far, aww man
Kinda reminds me of THAT call of duty mansion mission
Is that actually alex’s mom?
les go
I almost cried seeing how supportive your mother is. What a magnificent lady. Also you both calling her mom, puts the disney video in a whole new light
10:23 LMAO
why are there weird jumpcuts in the video
was chucking a sicky and i laughed so much watching this vid my mum sent me to school
17:00 The dual fire pits are for burning bodies at 200% efficiency.
the guy @  2:08 looks like donald trump.
i didnt know id recognize an editing style wtf ostonox you are stellar
Generally these ultra expensive houses are never occupied at all. rarely, they will be occupied for a few days, but even then often its not the owner or renter. They are a way for ultra rich in other countries (usually Chinese billionaires) to park money offshore from where they live. They can also be used as a form of currency with other billionaires to avoid paying taxes. This has become such a massive problem in Canada that there are laws stating that owners or renters have to live in their property for a minimum number of days in a year, or they pay some extremely high tax.
how are rich people so bad at designing things
He did it! He did the thing!
“That’s the lamest thing I’ve ever seen”  *picture spawns behind them*
The Patreon ad is so cursed, I love it and I'm pretty convinced
Whose mom is that actually lmao
Thank good they’re reviewing a child kidnappers mansion, it’s actually incredible how much stuff shown was weird and off putting. You can almost see the reviewer going faster and faster as he wants to get out after finding those dead child bodies
The producer Michael guy is crazy. In another video he was scared to walk on real grass because his shoes were so expensive🤣(the grass was like 1cm tall too)
Back in the day at least our gods and emperors had taste, and built sick palaces and castles. This is pathetic.
Genuinely thought Alex spat on himself for a second, the editing was unnecessarily good lmao. Also, It's fucking crazy these billionaire's houses just write any kid diddler jokes themselves by simply existing.
Is that actually their mom or is there an inside joke I'm not getting, nobody else is mentioning it and I feel like I'm being excluded.
The first patreon ever that ive felt like subing to (still dont have the money to do so , i dont even get allowance)
Yesss a new video lets goooo
10k likes and they'll build this house
shouldnt have eatem those skittles, men were drugged for half the housetour
I’m joining your pattern later today 🖤🤘🏻
you keep making videos like this, and you are going to turn me into an anti-capitalist. or an ultra capitalist. could go either way
Amazing what Ostonox can do when he has a good boss
that house legit looks like smth from bbcs hannibal
Yall gotta get on nebula
Doesn’t this show that billionaires have good taste? This silly house has sat on the market for years and no one wants it. The show you’re watching is desperation marketing.
people will just copy/paste the patreon videos tho
20 million house and still managing to have the shittiest Dutch beer
Wait so whos the Asian lady?
This house is not for children its for midgets relax
Billionaires have more money than taste
if you have to ask why there's an onion in the bath, you can't afford it
The living rooms are more expensive than my flat and I prefer my flat.
Yeah, not at all suspicious house!
i can't tell if they filmed enough reactions videos to last a year in one day or if they just always wear the same clothes
It's always a good day when you see a new video from Boy Boy
Those kinds of houses just seem so uncozy and devoid of any life. What are you going to do with that much space anyway?
Nearly died laughing. Make more
Was just watching through this thinking "who the hell is editing this? It's brilliant!" Then I checked the description and of course it's Ostonox, the legend
If you respond I sign up to patreon
The architect of this house is probably the same guy that put illusory walls in every Dark Souls game
ohhhh shit, hi there ostonox! Good to see you getting to more political boys, excellent work as always
Bath Onions are how you know you've made it.
Can't wait for the sweatshop video and for the country that sweatshop was in, to ban you!
jesus fuk, it's like those pictures, that get worse the longer you look at it. also, what is the total corpse count?
Just discovered this channel; and that intro made me sub ryt away
Certified Spoonkid classic
I can't believe that the mother actually spoke Chinese.
There is nothing in the fridge Because the house's owner just eats fresh children
More videos yes
1:15 WHAT
Imagine thinking that "real heineken" is a selling point of a house
Didn't this house used to be a YouTube family influencers idiots house?
your mom is so cute, she reminds me of my mom
Bath Onion ;)
I was feeling so down.  Y'all upload on the right time!!
He's much more entertaining if you imagine he owns the house but has dementia
That Intro cracked me up big time, how do you guys keep makin them better? oh wait..
Boy boy <#
Dude at 2:25 clearly shops at Dan Flashes
Wait, is that really Alex's mom?
You are showcasing the liberal leftest hell that is California and LA.  They claim to be the most caring and for the people, but have the highest taxes and the most homelessness.  Their crime rate is out of control and their liberal prosecutors and courts let even the most dangerous criminals out with no bail, and most get off with no jail time at all.
With the amount of children in the video, does it qualify as kids-content? 🤔
Would be really funny if shes not even saying what the subtitles are saying.
14:24 i'm laughing my ass off
Always love a new Boy Boy vid, thanks Aleksa
That bath onion is to flavour the kids when you cook them, duh
I’m joining the patreon juts because of the cool chinese mum
i needed this, perfect timing bois
Does he really spit on himself that was so gross
Pedo mansion seems to obvious.
Queer baiting
All in all but the budget and creativity of these videos just goes up. The bits are the best part ngl.
I love your content. I haven't even watched this yet but I know it's going to be great.
dwarfism support organizations are gunna be after you gents GL
What a horrible house
its 11pm here in Philippines but damn a new boi boi upload
Looking at comments before watching the video is hella confusing.
thers no way this is his acctual mom
There's a little saying I've been a big fan of in regards to these obscenely rich people having garish houses, "rich people have poor tastes".
3:58 why is the painting that you said looked bad with you in the top left corner then disappeared
Yooo So let me clarify I have the most over the top hatred for any sort of ads, they sometimes ruin my mood in seconds and fill me up with late stage dystopian existential super dread. Literally in seconds  But coming out like that to your Asian mom must be the single best ad I have ever seen in my life 😂😂😂😂
The fucking Brillo sign photoshopped into the background 😂
Yay another thing locked behind a paywall greeaat! That's just nipple scrotum activity. Just do it as people get access to it early.
Mising the M-26-7 flag should bring it back
Great to meet the boys mother, wonderful women
Thank you boy and boy!
Whoever's mom that lady is, she is amazing
gonna make me type the link huh.. who do you think I am
10:42 Gotta love the tacky "All you need is love" sign inside of this MANSION lol
Oh man what a way to start a Monday. Thanks for the upload boys!! 😁
New video, how to get a girlfriend. But you guys have to put something into practice no more just watching the tutorials.
what a shit review why they even letting the odd guy in to their house is they are that rich??? i would have set the dogs on him...
Guys its monday
Did this house-ish thingy once belong to Jeffrey Epstein?
i like how the only place with carpet is the hairsaloon. :,D Who the fuck is the interior designer?
Yo, Ostonox's editing really pushing this shit to the next level, there's so many fun little bits, I'm glad you guys got ahold of him.
Fuck I need money for Patreon this shit sounds legendary.
Stellar as always boy boys
Umm might aswell relink in description
sudden urge to drink blackcurrant flavored water
the first few months of having a patreon are always tough, it gets a lot easier as it grow up.
You guys are awesome 👍🏼
Hey, i hope you get a lot of donations via Patreon because i like the videos a lot. But for me personally its a bit too expensive right now. Maybe you could think about different amounts of money that people can join up with. Like a basic donation of 1€ just for the extra video, 3€ for the extra discord and 6€ for some cool behind the scenes clips or something.
:( why'd u have to roast producer michael
michael dinglenut
I am so fucking confused by that patreon announcement, So many questions with so little answers...
Quality coming out bit and also overall great editing. Lots of laughs all around
When are y’all getting married?
The white shag carpet is the hair of the children they tortured until they get so stressed their hair turns white
Glad your mum is so accepting of your lifestyle ❤
ribena shirt
Thi video was hilarious,  another absolute banger
Note to self and kids: Don't trick or treat rich peoples houses.
Absolutely deranged that house
beautiful moment
its not insane if you only care about money
I can’t believe you’ve tainted the virgin name of Colin furze with claims of a sex dungeon
That being said, 20 million bucks is a bargain!! Trouble is you have to sell your human dignity for the first 20 million.
Perfection.
I have one room, one bathroom and one short entry hall and i feel like i don't need two thirds of my home.
wtffffff he does not look Chinese at all. And don't get me started on the height privilage
The Patreon link isn't even a link hahahah, would expect nothing less
I should wait for Hasan to react to it so I get double the fun... fuck it, I wanna watch it now.
THESE CHINESE SUBTITLES ARE DOG SHIT LOL, the translation takes some liberties. "I'm so proud of you" should be something like like "That's great! You make me so proud."
It's fucking Jimmy Savile!
ProducerMichael is the funniest guy man - I remember when Hasan reacted to that "biggest house in the world" video Michael made in 2021 - good times 🤣 Seriously one of the most ridiculous content creators on YouTube; you can't help but refuse to think Michael is actually a serious guy, it all reads like a massive satire 😭
hi guys
I like how they didn't react to him getting spooked by the cameraman at 16:55 like someone was pointing a gun at him :=)
Hasan's house?
I did a thing😭
They never did check the secret room huh...
I've never said wtf and also immediately signed up for a patreon.
these billionaires  live in haunted houses.....
the editing made this
cool
English Donald Trump lookin' ass, I hope I can help fund you to get some labour to make some merch to further the labour! <3
Good job
I am convinced no one has ever lived in that house
Okay Mrs. Boy Boy ...
This video made my normal day into a great day
someone found a new editor
The owner is only 4 foot tall, you guys are calling him a pedo this whole time
I would post the video earlier on patreon (take my money sir)
this guy thinks the house feels really good
Rich people dress dumb because they are the only ones who can afford the Dan Flashes shirts with complex patterns
Didn't see the IDAT shout out coming
I used to get bullied for the shirt that guy is wearing at 2:24-ish.
okay okay now onlyfans
He looks like he broke in to this house with the camera guy .... O-o And yes , rich people CAN buy water , there was a documentary about black market on the Canadian border ,  Americans come to buy water to fill their fountains .... On the east part of Canada it is pretty close to dry American states .
is it just me or does the painting at 3:50 depict hitler screaming ''NEIN!''
Millionaires have houses are better than this. No consistency across the entire property.
Never seen a more stressful zen area 7:35
every frame is on the floor instead of the wall
ABAP all billionaires are pedophiles
Ostonox getting that bread from all the best content creators damn :o
ASTRONAUT!
I m already missing- " mom we decided to get married "
i love how they kept trying to get off the topic of the kids but KEEP coming back to it haha
damn, this is the only patroen that i really wanna sign up for, and friendlyjordies
Surprised you didn't notice the little telescope at 14:03
im convinced these 2 are extremely homosexual
An actual pedophile mansion. Like, legit a pedophile house. That's fucked lol.
Bro, whos mom is that?
13:50 12 kg? Those are way too big too be single kgs (if they were real, of course)
pATREON LINK DOESNT WORK FIX PLS
Revolutionary m0thrfvck3rs lol.  I am now HUNGERING for you guys collarative Onlyfans and ManyVids.
I don’t get offended easily but ur school shooting jokes are in bad taste
Pls hold the content to actual videos, instead of reaction/stealing content.
i’m proud to announce i’m officially a beautiful baby boy
god I need to know who this woman in the beginning is LMAO I'm so curious
The Patreon Link is not a clickable hyperlink
love u guys
vegan editor 💚
damn
Please come to Brazil
those bass amps in the background though
Never been clicked fast to a video
After watching for the 2538464538th time I can say this is a certified weather channel classic
Oh no I'm early to a Boy Boy vid, what do I say? Ummm... I love you guys 😳
It’s not grass outside because California doesn’t have water
Aw, the lady in the intro did so great!
Boy at least put the patreon link as actual hyperlink... Now i had to copy it, open browser, paste... Hassle much
there's a Ribena shirt they made shirts!!?? And also accurate translation for the mandarin but Asian mothers will never say "I'm proud of you" soo that's one flaw.
OMG, you guys are reading my mind, your commentary is bang on what i'm thinking lol ! I'm in tears laughing here, omf, it's gonna be a good day when it starts with a new BOY BOY video. Thanks boys and Mom.
Jesus imagine being a billionaire and having that boring a house, they really have no creativity.
its been five seconds and im already confused
new boy boy video LFGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
This doesn’t get said enough but the sound design for both Boy Boy and IDAT are fucking stellar, the patreon will be well worth it just to see what they y’all can do with the extra creative liberty. Cheers💜
everything is so expensive in this house but they dont had enough money for a cover under the sink min 4:59 ?
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Summary: Blind guy gets increasingly worried because of dead children
only fans when?
I swear every mansion in that place looks like something I'd build in Minecraft with how square they all are
always bangers
the into OMG i cant
7:27 wtf is that old shit tv that cost about 2$
ok
:D
THE LINK IS NOT CLICKABLEEEEE
Remembered the password huh boys 👍
keke many videos ago I had thought that u may be half Chinese or something, but then I was like nahh stop trying to see Chinese in everything
So cool that you boys gave jobs to those poor chinese kids. Keep up the good work 👍
The intro is obviously fake. No asian mom will ever be proud of her sons.
I love capitalism
What a beautiful day when boyboy uploads
I love money
Mannnn everyone stealin from Nick Rocheforts scuffed realtor streams
They are so commited they even outsourced Moms role from china
Your mum is lovely.
You should ask your mom if you're adoptet. XD
Gg sanyi 😈😈
Can't believe they finally came out. Good job on finding yourself and the way you wanted to promote your patreon
Review Hasans shitty 3mil house
good on ya mum
Adorable intro, I just joined the Patreon
Their sleep schedule insane, this was uploaded at 3:00 am in NZ 😭
that food looks very yummy
Btw the patron link is broken
hmm
28 views and 1 minute ago? I can finally be the first to say Gay Marriage ❤
good to see you boy boys again
Boyboyboy
You heard mum
bro
im so confused
lel
Oh it's one of those house reviews? Duck yeah
Billionaires
Hi Hasan! Shorter hair prayge.
Last
You don't become a billionair by enjoying the finer things in life
i like this vid
First
first comment.
scream
yippie another reaction video yippie  I love the older ones
Finally! Congratulations on the abortion!
Cool
Patreon funds should go to those children
Bing chilling
Based
wow
First
We've got another video waiting for you! Jump on www.patreon.com/Boy_Boy
