In moments of intense joy or excitement, we sometimes express ourselves exuberantly, driven by happiness and positivity. There was no underlying sexual intent in these expressions. However, the psychopathic metoo movement, which has been shaped by some seriously bored, very angry, and sexually frustrated Karens, unfortunately exaggerated and distorted such interactions, turning them into atrocious judicial issues. Thankfully, there are individuals, like President Trump, who are helping restore some sanity in this very confused world.
The world has gone mad, look at Gary Neville kissing Paul Scholes, or Beckham kissing Solskjarm or  Neville kissing Beckham... There are a thousand instances...Mothers kiss kids... Brothers kiss siblings... Friends kis friends... She was ok with it until she smmelled fame and fortune, her leg came up, which shows she was ok with it. Disgusting prosecution by a terrible person.. Caught up in the fantastic moment.
It wasn’t consensual but she was smiling the whole time and was hugging him full frontal…. Child pleass
Hermoso is the masculine form of the word “beautiful.”
Witch-hunt . Awesome coach People finds fault in everything . They should be grateful and thankful they won the World Cup . This is all politics .
Who give a sh*t nobody , next story
Oh! Puhleeeze!… will all the phoney pinko liberal burn ya bra mob atop droning on about this… It was a damn kiss to celebrate winning… He didn’t pull em down & give it to her doggy style… Jeeez!… Besides all she had to do pis just nut the geezer or knee him in his davina mc calls & that would’ve been an end to it.. Both parties walk away…. Damn lipstick Lezza needs a charm transplant…
she told her teammates she was attracted to him and when he refused to leave his girlfriend for her, shechanged her tune and said it wasn't consensual. Everyone knows she was wet.
Spanish people kiss either sex in celebration, this was nothing special.
I think it was a spirit of the moment impulse with no sexual overtones. If she was a guy in the same situation, he probably would have kissed the guy too. He just got super happy. Women need to stop calling every little thing an assault. He did nothing wrong and had no ill intentions.
Thanks Mark Brown
Someone I didn't even know came up and kissed me on the mouth at the beach this summer. You just can't do that.
Looked like a peck not a kiss , it's not like hermoso lost her virginity for godsake get over it  İts not like harvey weinstein or bill cosby sexually assaulted their victims ,,this is bullshit
funny thing is, I remember getting smacked on the bum when I played football, as I came on as a sub, when I was a teen, I thought that was weird, then I realised they did it to everyone, and no one tried to molest me so I assume, that is acceptable, what about her showing off the video on the coach and the whole coach telling them to kiss again, I am confused about this whole situation now.  Maybe she didn't consent but didn't care because she knew there was no ill-will behind it,  maybe he texted her after and was like so... what you doing later then she realised o crap, I am all for consent, but sometimes you need to live in the moment and this kind of feels like, world stage moment and if she didn't like it should and could have kicked back at the time, maybe didn't so, because of the stage, so spoke out later which is fine, but it better be the reason, because if she is doing this now for the wrong kind of attention shame on her, hmm something just seems off.
"it was consensual" as he has her with both hands on her head and yanks her in LMFAO
She basically threw him to the lions. It’s like he punched her in the face. Yes, he cocked up and shouldn’t have done it, but it clearly came from him feeling ecstatic that they had won the World Cup.  I can almost see a manager getting done for slapping a footballers arse (male) next, happens almost every game, seems to be like a pat on the back, but weird I know
Yall act like he raped her.. yall complain too much
😢i wonder if that happen a lot? I doubt it.
Are you f**king kidding me? Women have been subjected to unwanted actions from men fo all time. It's got to stop!! Would he have done that to a man??? I doubt it. That entitled smarmy turkey!
Next thing we need permission for a fist pump
Stupid kiss. Shouldn't have done it. But labelling it as sexual assualt? Come on! They just won the world cup after a decade of hard work, and are in ecstasy. Please also understand that spanish culture has a lot more of kissing like this, even among men. Its inappropriate behavior, sure. I agree. But assault?  I will also gladly inform that this isn't a male only phenomenon. Women, celebrities, have done this in public an masse over the years, nobody batters an eyelid.  You can't just suddenly want equality and just slander the men.
Drama Queen
There's got to be something going on behind the scene between them two and she may be trying to cover it up now since he did this out in the open.why would any man kiss a woman like that in front of everybody knowing the consequence unless it's something that's happened already behind closed doors.I don't know but I'm just saying.???
It was just a kiss. But now calling it sexual assault? This is getting out of hand. However, I don't believe he will go to prison for this.
Poor Jenni I wish all the best and her team. That guy is a desperate creep, who should be facing charges.
i can see a handshakes and high 5's only rule coming in soon for professional football players.
Jenni is laughing and joking about it with team mates while watching it on her phone. Not an issue for her by her account. What is the issue here? Nobody has been wronged. A minor expression of affection after a world cup victory is somehow wrong nowaday? WTF?  This is nuts.
He should not have done that. Having said that, I've been kissed on the mouth by women that took me by surprise, but I didn't give a rats behind or get bent out of shape about it. But, that's me. Coaches  should know better. Some of these guys think they can grab women by their "kitty" because they are famous and have a position of presumed power.
After the Me2 movement was hijacked by liars and attention seekers I stopped helping women. If I saw a women falling off a cliff I would not budge.
Big deal, gave a kiss in an ecstatic moment of joy and everyone made a big deal out of it.
He may do everything, he is a king. Soon he may also kiss little girls and also ...
It looks like his coat is very short but that was rude!
How about video of the actual event for context
Rubiales just resigned. GOOD. The tight, long bear hugs and forcing your lips on someone elses lips is not cool.
🆘 All women around the world are in mourning. Life on the planet will never be the same.
I'm Black in America. We watch so many nations kiss each other out of endearment. I don't think it was sexual. I believe he was jaded and happy. I can show everyone so many clips of Nations kissing men after wins.
whats wrong with ppl defending this type of behaviour!
If a dog licks Jenny Hermoso's lips, then there is no problem. If a human has kissed her lips, there is an uproar. People kissing Jenny Hermoso's lips is much better than a dog.  .
This is the most innocuous scandal causing thing ever.
Under NO circumstances talk to, think about, or touch a female soccer player. Treat them like the plague.
He really must’ve had it bad for her.  I wonder if she’ll ever speak to him again.
ABC, what happened to your germ phobia
Wokeness strikes again 🤦‍♂️
So does this mean if a woman gets excited or happy and kisses a man on the lips or cheek then she can have criminal charges brought against her.   This world has gone mad but if it is then the rules should apply equally to both sides.
Such innocent rascal 😂
It's started with a kiss, never thought it would come to this
NEVER WITHOUT PERMISSION!!!
next, a hug will be outlawed because he had no permission for physical contact with the player ! bring back the electric chair !  meanwhile there are hundreds of serious sexual crimes going unsolved, but we dont hear about that stuff.
Slap him? No way! She was just as excited as he was, I didn’t see her pushing him away, she hugged him!!! Give me a break!!!
Can’t figure how it was a mutual kiss as he grabbed her head and forced it
The world's gone fucking soft ,,he gave her a kiss in celebration, get over it and  stop  trying to kill this man  ,,
If it was her kissing him everyone would be saying, "Yeah You Go Girl"!!!
What's next? If a guy thinks about a girl he's going to prison?
He kissed her in the moment. And now he's getting the Death Penalty? Seriously?
Get over it. People are making out like he raped her or something. He made an honest mistake getting caught up in a happy moment. Why do people go overboard with these things. Never touch or kiss anyone anymore, let us become a zero contact, unfeeling uncaring civilization with no tolerance for anybody.
You simply don't engage in this type of behavior for numerous reasons
Was it appropriate for Geri Halliwell to touch Prince Now King Charles III's bottom during a press event when the spice girls met Prince Charles. I think she apologised and was forgiven. can we expect lawsuits from football players who have been kissed by other players when they score a goal. i think handshakes and high 5's have to be the new norm people when players celebrate, hugging and  kissing must be banned !
He pulled his "Trump Card" Its a WITCH HUNT....LMAO
Hmm, this just seems kinda gross? Why make excuses for him??? If you have to make excuses, the thing you’re excusing is probably not okay ya???
This is pathetic, he didn’t snog her, it wasn’t a moment we’re he was trying to be remotely intimate with her, it lasted seconds, she showed no negativity towards it at all, 10 years ago no one would of said a word about it! The agenda is real!
I feel so bad for Rubiales. The poor guy didn’t deserve to get fired over this little mistake.
What happens when a woman official grabs and kisses a male football player 😂😀, what happens then.
I think he wanted to kiss her for a long time,,or they Have been secretly kissing (and other things) for a long time.There is an intimacy that they have for sure😂😂😂😂
An indiscretion that was out of line? Probably. Worldwide Headline News? Absolutely no way.
She literally had no time to decide to kiss the guy! He just grabbed her!
I dont know  what to say about the previous comments but me and everyone we talked about this  we have the same opinion  It was a innocent kiss of a happy moment.  Everyone can see it was not a erotic kiss.  He can have so many lovers if he wants.
We say we are SO equal - and then all of a sudden when it suits us, we become weak and frail  'women'.... This is ridiculous, AND hypocritical - GET OVER IT!
Bull
Don't be such a pussy. It was during an exciting moment. Like was she really hurt by this? Settle down
Men in soccer are meusured by talent,women by victimhood. When you can't get attention by showing skill, you can always play victim
This is not news
Hermoso is a liar and should be punished. Don't let the mob rule here. She was fine with it at the time and there's video evidence.
One of the comments below states: when a women impromptu kisses a man, little or nothing is said. Why is that !!
Everything was wrong with the world now she recorded her and her friend  laughing on the bus about the kiss and clearly saying how funny it and then  suddenly she's trying to ruin him
Wow! These comments dated well. Spanish girls whooping/ laughing and teasing on the bus about the kiss..um like girls do. Women, contradicting themselves....nah😆
The most expensive kiss ever
When Mr Johnny Sins is managing the football federation of your country, such is bound to happen 😂
I wish he did this to Sergio Ramos.
Is funny that the same people who remark about her personal space are the same people who support men pretending to be women invading their personal spaces .
Hermosa
Cayó en la trampa que él mismo había preparado. Y ella se aprovecho de los medios y quien sabe demandarlo y ganar dinero
Did she personally say that or is this another words said "by proxy"?
They had just won the freakin world cup, surely a kiss is not completely inconceivable?! Its not like he put his tongue in her mouth or grabbed her butt.
Not only creep but weirdo to do that.
Football is a boys game. Man’s game.  The men kiss and hit each other In playful ways. They celebrate in ways that only look right in the game. WE ACCEPT THAT. I hope these fems don’t change the whole game with these accusations. This is why… never mind.
Too many creeps in the comments 🙂🙂🙂
I am all for equality, however, this is ANGRY FEMINISM OUT OF CONTROLE When they resort to ruining a man's reputation over a kiss, it shows the world a dangerous repulsive trend, and the proof is seen in the divorce rate, can you imagine being married to this nonsense. Wake up guys, before you find you are married to a NIGHTMARE.
It's funny that the Spanish players didn't apologise for rolling over and pretended to be injured when they met Sweden.
why can’t this dbag be fired???😡
Jenny kiss’d me when we met, Jumping from the chair she sat in; Time, you thief, who love to get Sweets into your list, put that in! Say I’m weary, say I’m sad, Say that health and wealth have miss’d me, Say I’m growing old, but add, Jenny kiss’d me.  Poem by Leigh Hunt 1838
where was Will Smith ?
I never understood why sooo may men do this,  if you have a good job why oh why risk it all for a piece of ass at work when you can get sooooo many other women out there.  why???? 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Jennifer Hermoso  DONT BE AFRAID, .... Men must learn TO RESPECT women, YOU KEEP QUIET WORSE FOR THE REST OF THE team
So what? Where is the problem?? Luis Rubiales just wanted to c*m
I didn't know Tedros left OMS to be a tv anchor
What he did was embarrassing. But how does it make him unfit for his job?? Why should we take away everything??? What is this nonsensical vengeance???!! Penalty cannot be so disproportionate to the crime!! That is NOT justice!!!
Rubiales’s action was absolutely deplorable and indefensible. He should be sanctioned and made to suffer strict consequences for what he did.  However, despite the outrage and uproar  over the incident - and Hermoso’s strenuous denials that the kiss was in any way remotely consensual, I have to say her laughing reaction to the kiss was not that of a woman shocked and peeved at what had just occurred. Truth be told, she seemed to have not minded the kiss at all, maybe even liked it a bit. It does’t excuse Rubiales’s crude action, but the portrayal of the woman as a merely hapless ‘victim’ is a bit far-fetched, to say the least.
You people have no problem telling and turning little boys into little girls but a grown man slapa a kiss on a FEMALE ATHLETE and people act like he smashsd in the middle of the field. And now ms. stunning and strong just melts into a helpless poor victim. Mannnn s t f u.  Those 2 are grown azz adults. Thats for THEM to work out. I have no prob w him being told not to ever do it again. But stop acting like it was SA.
Is the kiss sexual then yes its a bad thing is it celebratory then its another thing. When did we keep our mindset at the settings of distrust. If guys slap each other on the ass or peck each other during sport events does it scream gay? Let's leave the sports out of politics or make it as political as we can and see how much we enjoy it
He did nothing wrong and those easy women should apologize to him for all their complaining
He can kiss his career goodbye
For all the dummasses that are guessing his intentions, it doesn't even matter what he intended  You don't force your way of celebrating or whatever on another person with whom your relationship is on a professional level
Great ruols islaam
Just imagine a guy football player being treated this way. They wouldn't dare
Get the Dalai Lama first!!!
How about the Dalai Lama asking an innocent child to suck his tongue. He never resigned, Child pervert. And no one says anything about that? In plain sight for all to see and video on Youtube. He is free to do it again behind doors or in plain sight.
Fantastic kiss from that alphamale. She should be grateful instead of complaining.
men: not a big deal, don't make a fuss out of it 🤡  yes please show us your true ugly face and then cry all over the internet about your lonely and pathetic life cuz no woman wants to be with you.
Don't make excuses for him. He violated the personal boundaries of another person. He should be punished.  Don't normalize his behavior!   Support a woman = support all women ♀
The men who defend this disgusting man see nothing wrong with his act, because they would have done the same thing and would have expected the woman to just eat it, as if nothing had happened. And if she were suddenly indignant at the violation of her personal boundaries, they would blame her. It's much easier than thinking before you do something and take responsibility for your actions, right?  If you think you can do something nasty and then apologize🤡, well no. Enjoy the consequences of your actions.
He should have just shaken hands "man to man". She disrespects and  brands her body with full sleeve "tats" , showing low self esteem for herself. She should have shone her displeasure right then and there. We will never hear the end of this. Lesbians everywhere are going to make  this into a big stink and take the spotlight off of this teams greatest moment. It was impromptu and done in full public view. There is no story here.
First of all as a black female I don't think that he should be fired, okay suspend him that's enough ya'll need to stop tripping so hard and fall back sometimes bc it ain't like that damn man was hiding in a dark room or even in her home, he was in front of a billion +people damn he just reacted to quick, shit he was happy and what did his breath stink or what? All I'm saying people is that I don't think he should be fired because for every action there's a reaction, he didn't mean no damn harm because if he did, he wouldn't have done it, so  calm the fuck down by the way I hate when you used that trump line ( a witch hunt)
PC Brigade alert: left wing Do-gooders who believe that any diversion from their infantile world view should be countered not with reasoned debate or compromise, but with ad hominen attacks. Typically they silence discussion with epithets such as "racist", "sexist" or "homophobe" because they know that they would not survive long in a fair debate using Facts and Logic.
My grandmother kisses people just like that, doesn’t mean she’s a rapist now does it ? ffs. 🤦🏻‍♂️ 😂 You’re all out of your minds and devoid of love.
The US has no interest in football unless there’s drama, imagine my shock. The US isn’t the only culture in the world didn’t you know? Pecking is considered as a greeting in romance cultures, not just a celebratory gesture.
Just imagine that was a Woman kissing these players. What would you women and media have to say about that??? 🤔
If the act was a genuine, unplanned expression of joy, it might be viewed differently than if it was premeditated or malicious.
Luis Rubiales: "The contact between my hand and my crotch was consensual."
Give me a break, he was excited they won the World Cup for the first time and lost his composure. He shouldn’t be cancelled for that for peet’s sake!! Another case of the liberal leftist woke radical cancel police completely over reacting…smh
The country that pillaged and raped half the world needs to STFU. You heathenous vaginas would not have a problem if it was a female that kissed her. Now go stab a bull till he bleeds out, HYPOCRITES.
Football. Not soccer
Why did he choose the ugly one ?
So would he ever do this to a man? No. That’s all we need to know.
See this why you gotta stay from women when you’re at work. Cuz anything can and will be used against you
The Joe Biden of sports.
Where is the kiss?
Oh please they making a big deal because if it was that Repenis as coach and doing this No one would care
The Spanish media, politicians, the public, do not stop criticizing him 24h. In the construction of the stadium in Quatar, Amnesty International estimated the death toll at 15,000 people. There are among those who criticize To Rubiales. And promulgators of the rights who saw the world cup in Quatar.
It might have been ok if he'd said no tongues 😉 tbh the man must be an idiot,  so get rid
WTF? Show the video of what you're talking about. Don't both sides it. He had two hands wrapped around her head and clearly pulled her in.
"The kiss was mutual" period. Y'all stop exaggerating. Its obvious she likes it, and even if she didn't, who cares? It was only 5 seconds
This reminds me of Asia Argento - alleged victim and proven perpetrator : obviously it must have been difficult for her to act appropriately  WhyN0tM€T00
Resgin 😂😂
He should have kissed all of them
i thought women wanted to be kissed by rich and powerful men
The problem with wokeness is she is now forced to respond to something considered not popular in the public eye and you aren’t likely to get her sincere response if she didn’t care…   “I didn’t like it but what can I do.” You can push back and say no!   I was more concerned with the hug. Why aren’t they showing the video when they show the kiss? Why just a still frame?   The kiss was a peck. I had to look it up because someone said it was opened mouthed French.
Our US president does this all the time except it’s usually with minors.
Yes, maybe they should charge him with rape.  Jesus Christ,  maybe if  he was a woman, then the kiss would have been OK.
I bet if he had kiss someone from the men’s soccer team on the lips ,he would have been celebrated 😂!
How sad that a prominent news network can’t even spell the word resign. Maybe they should go baknrupt…
She could’ve pushed him I don’t understand this
Witch hunt.
She needs to chill tf out. It was a friendly gesture of endearment after a huge accomplishment, very common in older European culture. He didn’t want your vagina, lady.
Respect the women 💪💪💪💪
Wow what an idiot. Kissing a woman on the mouth without permission. This cannot be tolerated. If he would have grabbed her by the ass or send her a dickpick no problem at all. But what he did is unforgivable.
I find it most strange that Hermosos claims (and shes absolutely right) that kisses on the lips are a sexual act, also that without consent is sexual assault, yet on her own IG shes clearly kissing a young girl on the lips, (she has no children) bearing in mind thats a sexual act (that she clearly acknowledges knowing) and children under the age of consent cannot consent to any sexual act, so by her logic and indeed law, that is child sexual assault,  plus the many pictures of her in a romantic embraces in the sexual act of kissing her brother on the lips. The hypocrisy, the double standards. This has nothing to do with the kiss but the long standing feuds between the players and the managers that have dragged on since 2011.
wat weer een zielig politiek GELUL. Je word toch schijtziek van die moraalkutjes die dit weer direct wangedrag noemen..gvd mensen FLIKKER toch een eind op. laat iedereen die het er niet mee eens is maar lekker opstappen..DAAAGGGGG ZIELIG VOLK.
Seriously this is getting blown outta proportion. It's like you're grandma grabbing you and giving you a kiss on the cheek or on the lips out of joy. People acting like he slipped his tongue into her mouth lmao. She should be happy a man actully wants to kiss her lol because I'm sure it's rare lol.
He got a chance to kiss Jenni
TRUMP DIDNT SAY KISS. HE SAID GRAB HER BY THE…wait THATS WORSE!
Pshaw!  I saw Jenni tremble with delight.
Womens=Troubles 😂
Character-less man cannot be a federation president. He need to be fired so that others do not take this act lightly and repeat.
Typical spanish horndog
Anyone with eyes can see it was consensual. Rabid feminists in her union are forcing Jenni to play the victim. Such sad women can only get pleasure in life from ruining the lives of men.
YOU DIDN'T SHOW THE KISS
🤢🤢🤢🤮
Αφήστε τον σαβουρογαμη ελεύθερο
Woww! That man Luis is a true disaster. Get rid of him IMMEDIATELY
This guy is a sicko. He needs to be banned from the sport all together. And people made a big deal when yhat douchebag Salt Bae touched a trophy but ignore this...
We must not allow men to coach, train, advise, support or sponsor any women's sports in future. They have to learn to stand alone and be totally independent of all men. See how far that takes them.
Like someone elsewhere in a scandal said: Some sexual abuse happenes, they want to have proof. Which is ok, but hard to obtain often in intimate spaces where there are usually no witnesses. The accused just needs to say it was consensual and it's usually over. Then something like this here happens, half the world sees it directly with their own eyes, we women see how unconfortable this is, to be held at the head like in a vice-like grip, and the accused has the impudence to call it consensual and many people are on this mans side, despite the woman player saing it wasn't.   And there's seriously people out there that will argue with false accusations and "we need proof". You have proof here. What's the excuse? "This was an emotional moment". Seriously, now, fucking now it's ok for the man to be "emotional". But woman are daily accused of being "too emotional" once we open our mouths to say something even non emotional.
Lasst den Mann in Ruhe!
The fact he is being put in the same category as rapists makes me sick, yes he kissed her and it was wrong but the levels people are going too is wrong, get a fucking life and leave him alone now you desperate bunch of cunts
Man kisses a Woman the whole World goes ballistic ! How pathetic have people become !
I see Rubiales has been following American politics  - I’m pretty sure “witch hunt” is not a normal word in Spain. It sounds like he is full of himself; has a me, me, me attitude;  thinks he is above law; takes advantage of women - sound like anyone we know? 🤔🍔🍟
If this guy were a hot young stud on the level of someone like, say, Justin Timberlake, who took her face in his hands and kissed her without consent, she would feel on top of the world rather than a victim.
Piece of nonsense - give the guy a break- how far is this nonsense going to go- any excuse to have a go at white males!!
The misandry the hatred of men is going to get worse
The first ever Spanish win will remain synonymous with his immediate sexual assault on a woman and arrogance and refusal to act humbly by his own weakness to admit accountability. Like all power hungry people, until backed into a corner. Mans a pervert.
A niece of mine is a martial arts expert and a footballer.  If he had done this to her he would be holding his crotch for a very different reason, and with a look of agony too!
For me it's just not cool to kiss someone on the lips unless you know them and you know they are ok with it. I think it's a little cultural as well because when Fernando Alonso took the podium yesterday he was kissed on the cheek very vigorously as well. I don't see a social media stink about that. So cheek ok, lips not?
It’s not definitively wrong don’t care what the feminists says, it’s like everything else in life all people are different and everyone has different boundaries, what bothers one individual may not necessarily bother another individual, it’s how something is taking….stop jumping in bandwagons man give your heads a wobble
0:45
Bro who tf does this shit lol
Kucluk
The Spanish Inquisition revived by radical feminists ... No middle-aged white het'sex' male will be safe until sanity returns to decent society.
What a gentleman 🤮
Mutual with consent? Sure didn't look like it.
I always thought in Europe kissing was perceived as different as it is over here but what do I know
What a sexist jerk and bully. As a male I am outraged and embarrassed that he is still in post. She should sue him for sexual assault.
Hahaha...FIFA has activates its sexual violence protocol to investigate. If that is sexual violence... then men and women have a serious problem.  Here's how is probably went at that moment.. Luis" we won can I give you a kiss"?? Jenni: "Of course, you dont need to ask hahahha....we won"!!! Spanish people love kissing each other..usually on the cheek even if they have only.met for the first time..but in an event like this in the heat of the moment.  Give the guy a break....this is what all those lefty lesbos want though and of course the Spanish government go along with it. Keep politics out of sport!! There is hardly a man or woman out there who hasn't tried to steal a kiss. All BS!!
very good tacktik
MEN : Use your right to consent as well. If a women gives you an UNWANTED kisses or hugs LET HER KNOW. Consent is a TWO WAY street
That's a Frenchly kiss😂
get over it. he was happy and excited!
Didn't even show it, great 👍
He should've just shaken their hands, like everybody else, but noooo... 😘
i think he grabbed her head and held it still and went in for it. She had no choice. It was quick from what I saw. Maybe caught up in the moment. But it wasn't spur of the moment for both, her head was held.
Guess he likes ugly chicks.
Just get rid of him. Cut him where it really hurts....his wallet!
Looks like something Joe Biden would do.
Look at the absolute horror and shock on the faces of the females watching! 😬 lol they aaalways over-play their hand.... So worried about keeping us divided by gender and race lately; so worried about the Union Movement and losing control over their wage-slaves....losing their despotism. So worried about worker-solidarity and the collective, bargaing-power and influence we'll have once every workplace in unionized and those unions are connected by a national labor union. So worried about losing their ability to violate our rights and keep price-gouging us into the poor house. GO UNION MOVEMENT! SOLIDARITY FOREVER! GLORY TO GOD!!!
Que lo corran alv por aprovechado de su poder aver si le gustaria qu le e agasajan a su hija una hermana al perro ese momento que tanto lucha un o una deportista para llegar a ese momento y para que una rata de esas se lo manche jugadoras no se dejen denunsienlo para que no les pase a hotras eso no deve ser asi ese momento tiene que ser sano  para la familia pinche pelon hijo del diablo corrupto👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Guys kiss and slap each other in the butt all the time when they win who cares
If she didn’t like it she should’ve pushed him away
Good for FIFA getting serious over this.  While they're at it, make sure all women under FIFA's protective eyes who identify as LQBTQ+ get suspended if they've kissed straight women on their teams. Perhaps they too "in no moment" want predatory and abusive physical contact.
Where the F is the kiss? It's not porn, is it?
Rubiales should be imprisoned for life with no hope of parole. I only hope Hermiosa can rebuild her life after such a serious sexual assault.
disgusting pervert
Gj not showing the kiss unironically Quality journalism
Team Jenni button>>>>>>>>
Get him sacked already
But Pedo Joe sniff and kiss and even touch young girls is completely fine with feminists
What a sad world we live in. Its 2023 and the world is still teaching men and boys about respect. May Entitled behaviour disappear and may stong women lead this world to greatness in the future. Men are no longer in control and i cannot wait for women to be the new leaders.🎉
good information but casters are terrible.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hello
you misspelled resign
Vilda: We won. Now, all we have to do to stick it to all those haters is to celebrate with some dignity. On a separate note, our stash of coke has gone missing.  Rubiales:
If this was the other way round the FA and nobody would give a shit.
Worser than the Kiss is, what he did after this: He don't accept, that this wasn't right   Finally, Luis Rubialos should change to bullfight: As the next Bull.
Why can’t they just fine him and be done with it. I see no point in firing him over a false witch hunt. I promise you he’ll never do it again and no other coach or male boss would do it again after this negative backlash.
if spanis king do that nobody will say single word!
🙄  donde estan las feministas
This pervy fuck deserves jail time.
Para algunos, esto no es gran cosa hasta que la lengua de Rubiales se mete en la garganta de sus esposas sin su consentimiento.
Kiss the girls and make them cry
0/10 news, forgot to mention how it was not consensual
Grab em by the 🐈
Typical woman bullshit over nothing. You do a disservice to actual victims of sexual harassment. If there is more to this story, like previous incidents then it's a different story but if it's just this, it's laughable.
Kiss the forehead i would say yes cuz it’s a sign of joy..but for me i prefer to cheek-cheek much respect.
Arme Welt!
So when is Joe Biden stepping down as the president? He grabbed Eva Longoria's boobs just weeks ago on national TV
Why didn't he pick one of the really good looking players?
But she gropes him and has his hands all over him? Lol
If he were their coach, in this moment of exuberance, this might be different, but very much dependant on their relationship, nonetheless. This was the FA boss. Completely inappropriate.
The victim of a witch hunt, huh? He sounds a lot like diaper don.
Brazzers acter
42 seconds, the last 15 for a promo... where's the actual video footage of the kiss?  I guess we, the people, aren't mature enough to see what actually happened and reach our own conclusions.  Either that, or this is just lazy journalism.  By the way, I'm not defending what he did.  Even without seeing it, it's clearly something that he shouldn't have done, but I can't tell how bad it was without seeing it.
Sivostak EMG veda
One of the most spectacular own-goals I ever saw in a FIFA World Cup final... Just at the end of the reglamentary time!...
Actually disgusted by the people trying to make this come off as a "small deal". Its crossing ones boundaries and outright nasty, it doesnt matter how "severe" it seems because all assault cases are horrid.
AS SHAKIRA'S SONG SAYS: WOMEN NO LONGER CRY!   WOMEN CASH IN!!  POOR MR. RUBIALES, THE IBERIAN MACHO. WHAT AN INJUSTICE. THANKFULLY GOD GAVE HIM A MOTHER WHO BEARED HIM AND GOD GAVE HIM DAUGHTERS SO THAT SOMEDAY SOMEONE WILL GIVE THEM "KISSES WITHOUT DESIRE IN THE MOUTH" AND WITHOUT THEIR CONSENT AND THE MACHO RUBIALES WILL BE ABLE TO GRAB HIS BALLS TO CELEBRATE THE SEXUAL ABUSE IN HIS OWN FLESH. HE WILL PAY HIS ARROGANCE, PEDANTRY, HAUGHTINESS, AND ABUSE WITH HIS OWN FAMILY. LONG LIVE SPAIN!  AND OLÉ!!!
Sexual assualt in front of millions! And he can't even own up to what he did. Truly a coward.
Please look at other capture pics from other YouTube news coverage. This picture and coverage hypes up the  issue to create drama. ABC is turning to fox news tactics now? Shame on you!
WHERE'S THE VIDEO ...CLICK BAIT
BS...
So, if this is forced, then agent scully sexually harassed agent skinner on the x files Episode
this is the dumbest fukin shit ever. A lot of places do kisses like this, a lot of western places dont even think the double cheek kiss is normal & dont do it. Stop overreacting
She loved it and they shared tongues.
Do you have no other problems?
Disgusting
I think you whites are demons because you always support evil agendas .a man kissing a woman is okay and beautiful nothing bad but maybe the girl was not ready for that it always happens even to married couples, I believe you’d accept the girls to lesbian themselves and not talk about it because it’s okay fo you . The man should just apologize nothing more . You whites are something else
Why are there quotes around words she did not say? I mean the sentiment may be there but I think putting actual quotes around a paraphrase is dishonest
“She was asking for it!”
Ok what if the girls kissed whiles celebrating are you goin to punish them, I think the girl was not into it because he just did that out of joy . You people prefer the girls to kiss and accept lgbtq +#=? And that’s disturbing for me than this
I don't understand why he kissed her, most of these players are lesbians
Another storm in a teacup. A reprimand and apology would be sufficient.
It’s normal in the Latin countries. Long time ago, while studying in the UK, I met an Italian male student in an English language school in the UK. He would grab and caress/fondle a Korean girl’s hand sitting next to him whenever he wanted and without her permission. I thought it was shocking and the girl was petrified, but it seemed natural to him.
he is a victim of their dirty hate campaign!
How can youtube allow such hard-core, explicit content. My mind is blown. Definitely the most hard-core prn I have ever seen. Straight up RAPED her. Unbelievable. What are they going to name the kid?
That foo been hanging out with Joe Biden
But what if a woman kissed a man on the lips?
SHOW US THE FUCKING KISS FFS I WANNA GET HARD
Just don't kiss, and don't celebrate why is it so hard
He didn' t know how to countain his primitive instincts. Now must bear the consequences .
Sick bastard
Fuck it's just a kiss...feminist are going crazy for nothing ounce again
I feel so bad for this girl. There are so many women who just pretend like it was 'whatever' so they don't have to experience this kinda drama. We all know that feeling. When you do this shit to women, you put them in this awkward position, you force them into saying they don't mind, so they don't get attacked. Because I guess women don't have a right to personal space or a right to feel threatened by men with bad boundaries when the stats about rape and sexual assault are sky high?  When this shit happens to you not in front of a camera, when you're not famous, you just have to put up with avoiding a guy who would do that, forever, because saying he seems rapey out loud gets you called a bitch.
Expect his resignation.
Great ABC content. Doesn't even show the content we clicked the video to see. Garbage
Wrong gender!
They spend almost a minute about a controversial kiss and not even show the kiss so people could debate about it 😂 may as well read it online
Show the kiss so we can decide
Disgusting man
Ah, another witch-hunt..... I really think people would know what that word means by now.
The people making excuses for this are the kind of people I'd want to stay a mile a way from my daughters
Ah yes, post a clip on youtube without including the actual clip. This is why we need to bring back the dislike button
Great clip thanks guys. I’ll make sure to block this channel from my page.
If it had been a woman kissing the player they'd be celebrating it as 'stunning and brave'   Everything woke turns to sh1t
😅why Princess Sofia doesn't condemn Rubiales abusive behavior?
Men need to get it through their thick skulls that they do not for any reason touch a woman.
First he grabs his dick and then he grabbed her face held it in place and kissed her. He is definitely a c…
That's cool. Now do Biden
Rubiales is the top of the iceberg. Check all those who were applauding him when he screamed " I will not go away" he not only kissed Hemosò, he touched his parts in front of the queen... his behavior reflects the deep machismo in Spain
She was smiling after the kiss and now he did something wrong, this is getting out of hand, with these lying woman .
Luis “Biden” Rubiales
Resign not regsin
I say fine him..and let him know no touching as a rule
Another MeToo scam!
He says it's a witchhunt like he is the victim. How sad
Stop attacking unless you really sure because they are our sons.. becareful..no man hating!!!!
He must be cancelled and educated
As a leader he could have stay away from the women tournament altogether by making an excuse to not go and dont even interact with them, then he wouldnt be in this situation. Being a leader there should be no time or associating with women cause its always a trap, career and ambition is more important.
ESPERTALHAÇO...OU INGÈNUO????. ENTÃO É ALI PARA TODO O MUNDO VER QUE ELE VAI BEIJAR A  RAPARIGA NA BOUCA?? NÃO DEVE ESTAR BEM DA CABEÇA E APROVEITOU QUANDO ELA NÃO PODIA REAGIR DADO O MOMENTO E A SURPRESA.... ELE HÁ CADA UM????
Where is the note ?
A snog a day apparently doesn't keep the FA away
Poor Jenny...Strong.  Tough.  Talented...and she falls apart over a spontaneous kiss that says how impressed and thrilled with her performance so many people are.  Sad that she can't celebrate all the hard work and jubilation recognized in that moment.  Sad that she's degraded the image of strength that women athletes have worked for, for so long. She's taken her eye off the ball---parity---for something so small and insignificant.
Of course it's sexist. If he had kissed a male player like this, people would think he is gay.... :)
Jesus, could you imagine if this guy kissed Megan Rapinoe after winning? So unacceptable!
Didn't show kiss,
Initially I had thought it was just him being  haphazard due to the euphoria of the moment. But after watching the video of him earlier inappropriately grabbing his crotch and showing a distinct lack of integrity given his status aswell as being near his queen.I now see the kiss as predatory, an abuse of power and sexual motivated. I wouldn't be suoriss if he does this sort of thing regularly. Definitely sack him, he is a clearly a high risk to putting women in danger.
They were ecstatic and hugging, seemed pretty normal to me. A woman once kissed me when I grabbed her puppy  as it ran toward traffic, in no way did I see it as predatory just graritude.
He should apologize, and the public should forgive him.   I guess he was simply over-excited by the victory that he couldn't control his emotions.
The Spanish phrase "en ningún momento" is expressed in English by "at no time" not "in no moment."
Ah, what an overblown brouhaha the feminists make it sounds like (s)he? was raped or something. Quit watching women's soccer, these men wannabes don't know what they doing anyway.
Maybe she was a man? I mean who knows what anyone is nowadays, yesterday I was a comforter and my girlfriend turned me down, I can't win
🤔 Witch hunt... Kissing without possible concent. 🤔 sounds like a certain 🤡 I know like to grab them by the P**** 🤷💩
This is right up there with the most irrelevant, blown up, non-issue that’s equal to watching someone get a parking ticket 😂
BITSCHES WOMENS DESTROING FOOTBALL.
Wow, what a kiss! Did you see that? 😂
The guy kinda looks like Johny sins😂
Maniaco
The weird thing is straight after it happened she said it was friendly then now saying all this stuff . Definitely her agents telling her to do this to boost her profile worldwide
They just won the world cup He was so happy they are making a mountain out of a mole hill. I wish any other team now wins apart from Spain
It started out with a kiss  How did it end up like this?
No. Kiss! Stupid report!
Ain’t that what they do over there, kiss when you say hello, kiss when you say goodbye, kiss when you celebrate, kiss when you bull fight etc etc?
The world we live in. Always making big deals out of nothing. When women kiss men on their lips, it’s not a big deal… when it’s the other way round, people get fired and their lives change forever. Stay away from women, even if they seem friendly. They are trouble!!!
Resign*
so much out of nothing , it has to stop . he was happy for them .  That's all
The guy gave her a quick kiss and a pat on the back, as if he would a male player. This obviously wasn't sexual and female athletes want to be treated just like the guys right?
Refuses to resgin lol bad for your SEO content.
Men ☕
That's it?! You would've thought he raped her orally by the coverage jeez
A Sexually Creepy older guy, in a position of power and influence, forces himself on a young professional female athlete. It makes me cringe. Not mention, he ruined  the victory celebration while the whole world watched.
Unfortunately this is their male cultures belief that men should be proud to sexualize and dominate women.
Not sure why Spaniards would be surprised. It is Spain after all.
A hug and a quick peck on the cheek is acceptable at most. The mouth is reserved for those very close to your heart.
Well, at least he didn’t just gram them by the…..
FIFA has become so political
Look how this pig hug their bodies on the picture. This is what we see what about behind the scenes when there’s no cameras? He is suspended by the FIFA as today, doesn’t matter if he won’t resign he is out! Male toxic culture needs to end.
What do you mean…what can you do? You can knee him in the nuts, for starters.
There are dating look at their chemistry
Some hard hitting journalism. They didn’t even show the kiss. We’ll just take your word for it Mark!
Fuck you all they just won the world's Cup.  The emotional wave drifted him to this moment. Women want to be equal to men . The fimminest are batching all the day . And one little kiss 🎉🎉🎉 its the end of the world
He probably bangs them behind closed doors
he had these kisses on his mind the whole time, he ain’t care about winning fr he just hoped they got it so he could kiss all on these women. he thought winning would take the attention away or the females just won’t say anything cause of it, dude sick he shouldn’t be resigning nowhere
You got one more dislike for clickbait. you are welcome
He had a brain freeze and thought he was Joe Biden. At least he didnt nibble at her shoulder, sniff her hair, give her a shoulder massage or try and take an inappropriate shower with her.
"I didn't like it, but what can I do?" - It's sad she feels this way.
It is not now and NEVER has been acceptable, in any culture, for ANY person to kiss any other person, who is just an acquaintance or friend and especially subordinate, on the mouth. Period!!!  Just because some dishonorable men do it and get away with it DOES NOT MEAN it is acceptable.  Because some men do THINK it is okay, is why there are laws being put in place in some locations.  Stop thinking it is okay in certain circumstances.  It's not.  JUST DON"T DO IT!  I have learned this from society since I was a teenager.  I am in my 50's now.  It so aggravating that men today still have not, or simply refuse to, learn this lesson.  It is disrespectful to the person you are offending and dishonorable to you!!!
I honestly want to smack the shit out of the men in this comment section, imagine being this pathetic
This sums up the world we live in 🤦🏼‍♂️ pathetic wet wipes the lot of you. The sooner the world burns the better
As long as no tongue was involved it was perfectly OK. Pure emotions.
He made a mistake, was inappropriate. Let’s not make him into some kind of monster. cancel culture is ruthless and evil. He can apologize if he hurt her feelings and maybe do some volunteer work at women’s shelter, that’s all, case closed. She could have stepped back, I guess they were both ‘in the moment’ this stuff happens, we get overwhelmed and excited. Let’s move on! Let’s not demonize this man, he isn’t a criminal! Women, wake up, men aren’t out here to get you.
I remember like it was yesterday, when a coworker of mine confided in me, stating he was in conversation with a female coworker, and he rubbed her shoulders. She accused him of fondling her. He told me he’s afraid he’s going to get in big trouble.  Now this girl was not only ugly on the outside she was ugly on the inside which is worse. She was a constant complainer, and was not very nice to coworkers. My advice to him was to lay low say nothing and wait for her to get herself in trouble which happened. The incident was then forgotten. My advice to him and any male is to not kiss or show any sort of affection to any coworker. If you want to get bold, just shake their hands.
"Refuses to resgin"?
I know that guy shouldn't been so overwhelmed with joy & emotion it was just women's soccer....
If you saw the kiss, it looks more like an "I'm SO proud of you!" kiss! You have to look at context! For instance, if that were a senile president of a large country who is known to be a creepy pedo, that kiss would have been WAY offensive!  That said, by law (at least in some countries) an unwanted touch of any kind can be considered assault.   And a person in his position of authority has to be very careful, especially with the opposite sex.
He stupid though. Why do that in todays climate.....
Feminism= cancer !
Well, a Idiot at work!
See him for what he is Predatory weirdo
The women sports is finished. Now not worth the effort. Too much drama .  The guy have hugged and kissed everyone including the male coach. If there’s a malice in his kiss, you think he will do it where millions of people watching it nationwide ? She flip flop with her statement.
Great way to go FIFA. This man should not be allowed in Football nor the people in the RFEF applauding his behaviour
It's his job to be politically and socially responsible and accountable basically he is a perverted wanker in a position of trust and responsibility dirty barstard he has to go ..
Yet again women making him look like a predator! Men have been hugging and doing this stuff for years! Your in a mens sport this is what men do! What happened to someone saying sorry and that being the last of it? Nope now someone has to loose his job that he spent decades achieving because in a moment of achievement for his country his kissed someone! If it was on a night out drinking this wouldn’t be news! Leave the guy alone and stop making him out to be a disgusting rapist! He’s already doing the women a favour by supporting womens football
Women are so damn uptight now. They are unbelievable. Calm down it was In the Heat of the Moment during the celebration and he kissed her.
THE MOST LIBERATED WOMEN IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD YET STILL FIND SOMETHING TO MOAN ABOUT
WHAT A PATHETIC BUNCH OF HUMANS WESTERNERS HAVE BECOME!  WE TRULY NEED A WAR TO ENABLE US TO SEE THAT LIFE IS FAR MORE SERIOS THAN THE TRIVIAL THINGS WE MOAN AND MOAN ABOUT!  WOMEN IN THE WEST ARE THE MOST LIBERATED,  THE MOST EDUCATED, AND FINACIALLY INDEPENDENT , YET THEY STILL FIND S..T TO MOAN AND GROAN ABOUT- JESUS F.....G CHRIST!!
I CAN SEE NOW THAT HARRY AND MEGHAN ARE NOT MOANERS, THEY ARE SIMPLY A SIGN OF THE TIMES!
IVE SEEN MALE PLAYERS JUMPING ON EACH OTHER WHILE CELEBRATING A GOAL OR WINNING A MATCH! IVE SEEN FOOTBALLERS SLAPPING OTHERS ON THE BOTTOM. NOT MY STYLE BUT I WOULDNT COMPLAIN ABOUT IT IF I WERE A PLAYER.  IF YOU LADIES AND YOUR PATHETIC MALE SUPPORTERS DONT LIKE IT,  THEN STOP CRYING FOR EQUALITY!!
THIS IS RIDICULOUS. MEN SHOULD NOT BE INVOLVED IN WOMENS FOOTBALL TO PROTECT THEMSELVES FROM STUPID ALLEGATIONS.  I FOR ONE WOULD NEVER EVEN ENTER A LIFT WITH A WOMAN.  LEAVE WOMEN AND THEIR PATHETICALLY SLOW GAME OF FOOTBALL ALONE AND FOCUS ON THE MANS GAME OR YOU WILL ALWAYS BE FACING THIS RUBBISH
LEAVE POLITICS OUTTA FOOTBALL PLEASE... THIS IS ABSURD... THE VIDEO IS PROOF NOTHING HAPPENED WHERE BOTH OF THEM WERE IN DANGER... SHE CONTINUED WITH THE CELEBRATION... THE MEDIA ARE THE ONES MAKING IT A BIG DEAL
Where was the kiss? Certainly not in this report.
That's not how you spell 'resign'.
Maybe some punishment is deserved but resign...idk
Never knew Spain is such a backward shthole. People can't do this in 3rd world countries. Here we are in 2023, where men in Spain can publicly sexually assault proudly without getting in any trouble. That bald MF should be arrested and charged
We gonna cancel will smith for tonguing his son on camera? Or Tom Brady? No? Okay then idgaf about this shit cuz it’s in Spain. Human trafficking people, pay attention to that shit, he’s right it IS a witch hunt. A distraction.
This is such a farcical situation overshadowing  a successful tournament for Women’s football.  Ive seen numerous celebrations in mens sport following a triumphs where bums are slapped, kisses are exchanged, shorts are pulled down, hugs are exchanged etc.. and its put down to excitement, overzealousness, joy and the rest but in this case its sexual harassment?  Women are the custodians of modern society, they raise and nurture humanity, i have far more respect for more Women I’ve come across in my lifetime than men. But the media, both social and mainstream, is like the devil dressed in sheep’s clothing pretending to be in favour of progression of women but is more damaging to woman than most people realise.  On one hand there uproar over a man kissing a woman in a highly emotionally charged moment and on the other hand support is given to men who want to compete in women’s sport or use female restrooms under the pretence they ‘identify as a woman’.  Rubiales does strike me as a foul person (most people who make it to his level of seniority usually are) however there is a bigger play going on here. This is just a pawn being moved one space!
This event will bring all the little men-hating lesbian wokes to orgasm!
And again, women find a way to ruin a fun time. They were just excited and celebrating their victory.
If we are gonna act like this over a man kissing a woman then maybe just chuck the woman's football, is this is just totally over the top.
This is the toxic environment we live in these days where anything masculine is deemed as toxic. The man was obviously overwhelmed with joy and kissed someone, leave the guy alone .I seen Russel brand do this about 10 years ago and no one batted an eyelid or said a word
The president nor the player is telling the truth. Highly likely the president slept with the player. He better resigns and ends the drama otherwise she will come out and other will follow, then jail time.
This guy is clearly a liar and bully - its obvious he didn't ask her permission and she didn't consent. If he did get permission then why didn't they both mention it at the time rather than several days later. Plus he said it was a spur of the moment, now he said he asked her first and she said yes!
In Spain is a custom to kiss even strangers. This is not serious.
Totally on his side
i am not going to defend that guy, but hey, the lady clearly embraces him and shows no protest when he embraces her and kisses her.
I love how they are on strike until he's gone, oh shiver me timbers Lmao, nobody watches your shit anyway that's why u don't get the money ud wish to get. My point is ur not in the position to hold anyone hostage. Not enough leverage my girl. The Spanish association could easily discontinue the ladies team. And nobody would even blink bc quite frankly nobody cares about the league. It's literally a goodwill gesture just like the wnba. And ur trying to shit on it. I'm telling you ladies if you don't wake tf up this feminism shit is gonna bite you in the ass with no return.
القبلة اشتهرت اكثر من البطولة  هي حديث العوام في قريتي الصغيرة 😂
This guy should be kicked out if he doesn't resign. The coach verde should also be sacked.
This is actual nonsense
The world has gone mad, it’s just a kiss so what
Who cares. People got nothing better to do than whine on the Internet. Sensitive 💩
What a nasty women!! Is this the world we live in now!! Absulute BS
Coulda showed it
Seriously, this is a story? Get a grip!
I thinks its all blown up too much, but, men these days still have not learnt their lesson :  Unless its your wife/girlfriend =  Dont look at another woman Dont talk to another woman Dont wave at another woman Do NOT APPROACH A WOMAN AT THE SIDE OF THE ROAD HAVING CAR TROUBLE, EVEN IN THE MIÐDLE OF THE NIGHT.  just stay away completely from them, so that way you cant get into trouble
Women will never miss an opportunity to try and remove a man from position of power.   If it was a female kissing a man no one bat an eyelid.
Can’t blame the controversy surrounding this, as the present unnecessary toxic power of media and social media has made the entire human race extremely insensitive and ridiculously dangerous in topics like these.
Bad bald guy
You suck. You didn’t show it. Click bait
Honestly who cares
She's 33 yrs old and who knows what type  relationship they have in private ....
She is gonna get real paid for a 2 second kiss……  Bruh 🤔
So, I assume Luis would be okay with a male coach suddenly kissing him on the mouth as well?
Who would want to kiss a sweaty female soccer player anyways.
Female feminist feminism man haters . Lesbianism is the new man. Clips show respectful kiss on side mouth  like respect. War between man an woman what has the world come too oh this is sooo serious ge has to resign. What has this stupid precious world come to . Wtzf
How would Luis feel if some man forcibly kissed his one of his three daughters??  Does entitled Luis feel his daughters are entitled to respect??
Wow so she was against it and people here are still defending on the guy? Christ.  Edit: Truly the comments are disgusting. I’m latin american.Yes the cheek to cheek kiss is normal.  But what this dude did was grab her by the back of her head and forcibly kissed her on the mouth.  Her response “I did not like it, but what could you do”, honey speak up!!! Bring accountability!  The people here who are STILL  on the guys side are total losers.
I'd rather see Biden do it
This is news headlines in Europe today. A man briefly kissing a woman on the lips in the euphoria of winning the Women's World Football Cup. Probably one of a thousand same things happened around the stadium. Strangers hugging & kissing each other - it's natural in the moment of mutual success and support, isn't it? OH WAIT - but this one woman felt violated by a half-second kiss on the lips by a man who clearly had nothing but admiration for her. Now she wants his career trashed. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK, PEOPLE?
Cortina de humo,  quieren tapar la situacion de estancamiento economico de mas de una decada de España,
Witch hunt?  😅  wonder where he got that?  😂
🧙‍♀️🔫😉
She liked it
Please check your damn spelling ABC
Respect to him. Stand your ground good sir
Damm
Fousey out here kissing random ladies
She liked it
Report on real news.
