es posible convertir estos juegos a un archivo wup installer para correr en wii u?
I don't know if this is the case, but the Galaxy DS port seems like the hoax, I think it was an April Fool's joke.
> "Widescreen"  > Look inside  > Cropped 4:3
19:40  He I think if seen this one on the 64 version
Rom hachs
4:15 More difficult, huh? On a Homebrewed 3ds I can just turn it on with codes from the Internet
Muslim?
***Timestamps:***  Another Super Mario 3D: 4:46 Super Mario 256: 7:36 A new beginning: 9:14 Super Mario Journey Lane: 10:33 Mario's Holiday: 11:26 Super Mario Star Quest: 12:22 Um OK 64 DS: 13:35 64 by Four (Super Mario 64 DS beta): 14:35 Super Mario Sunshine DS: 15:48 Donkey Kong Jungle Climber: 18:35 Super Mario Star World: 19:45 Shroom Valley: 20:07 New Stars: 19:59 Super Mario Galaxy (DS port): 20:47
19:36 GYATTT
11:42 these levels remind me a lot of Glover
I loved 64 DS, and i remember actually getting used to the touchscreen as a means of control, stylus and all. Playing it with analog will be such a breath of fresh air
Where do i get no run button mod?
The only thing that bothered me about SM64DS is that King Bob-omb constantly talks about his mustache.
Since the analog support is a mod, does that mean you can patch it onto another rom hack to give it analog support?
What’s the link to the pc port
"This is baby. Don't make fun of the baby". That's just funny.
I can’t believe this is two years old already
64DS with 64's movement and Render96's graphics would be the best way to play super mario 64 in my opinion.
Still here 2024 I hope they finish these these are fun ASH🔥🔥🔥
"its an oldie" sayed marti from back to the futere
Sand Bird
I would play galaxy ds so hard
Love the sunshine ds hack! Is there a download link to the rom played? I can't find a demo with Pinna park or the other levels in this vid
Im curious, with a hacked 3ds, can I play these rom hacks?
Back over a decade ago (about 11 to 12 years or so) I remember having the legendary Action Replay. Used it on multiple games, like D/P/P to get fake shinies, Mario Party DS, to have the Score Scuffle play the first 10 4V4 Mini-Games I unlocked, GTA Chinatown Wars to get unlimited amo, and guns, and then I move onto this game, Super Mario 64 DS. The two that I remember fondly was using the Action Replay to not take damage (The only reason why I remember this moment was because I got stuck on the second Bowser fight due to my skill issues back then. Burned Mario’s bum so much that he couldn’t get back up to the platform to continue the fight, thus, softlocking me, the player), and then, something I don’t think it was from the Action Replay, but the more I look back, the more I believe it’s from there. It was another part of the castle. There was even a door on the roof that was for 100 Stars, and for the first cartridge I had for the game, I’ve gotten more than 100, so I was able to enter, and a whole different part of the castle opened up. There was a fork in the path, and I believe a pond in the middle. I can’t remember if this part of the was on the upstairs, or some part of another door, but man, I would always go to that place (since it was new, I gotten every star I could get, knowing the information I knew, since back then, I wasn’t introduced to the internet, and it was also around the time I found another entrance to the parking lot in Coconut Mall, and around the time I found the Maku Wuhu Glitch without the use of other people’s time trails, all without internet access, which, I call that an accomplishment in it of itself). I would do anything to see that section again, hell, play that section again, because as of right now, it’s just a fog of a memory that I have, that will most likely be lost to time. Anyways, thanks for reading my story. I have more stories I could tell, but this comment is long enough  Edit: I deleted all my other edits, just to say that the world/place I remember playing on the Action Replay wasn’t showcased. One day, I will be able to find it, and when that day comes, I’ll be aesthetic.  (Anyways, if you were wondering what my other edits were, it was me being a dumbass. Don’t worry)
dat amogus rom hack iz susi🤤🤤🤤
Somehow missed this video last year but glad I’m finally seeing it. Definitely going to check these out!
4:48 i was playing newer super mario bros ds while listening to this
If they make Mario 64 DS in the original Mario 64 they need the mini games
the among us romhack fucking bricked my r4 card
My copy of this game glitched or something when I bought it used because when I put it in my DS for the first time over half the game was beaten already
Donkey Kong isn't on this game only a gay Bowser
I've researched these hacks, and it seems that all the hacks from Oreo, like Star Quest and Umokay, disappeared mysteriously along with them, as Oreo's youtube channel no longer exists and none of the hacks can be found to my knowledge. Just wanted everyone to know.
everytime he says the FLUDD i hear "THE FLOOD" like the flood from halo and i jump in fear ever so slightly.
Thanks for acknowledging Among Us 64 DS as the best hack of all time. Polus and multiplayer are in progress.
Can't people just use the C-stick on a 3DS to be able to have more free movement?
20:55 it’s a completely new engine
The um ok emote is a real thing and yeah it EXIST i mean OK
SANDBIRD
4:05 That's what we need for the Switch version if the DS remake ever going to be on the Switch.
I'm amazed they didn't remake Mario 64 DS for a system that had analog. Even the 3ds kind of would have pulled it off.
The mogus
Why on DS mods videos there's no link?
I got all these games on a 64 in 1 DS cart from Ali  express
You can play it on 3ds and it's pretty good for a control stick being locked to eight directions
19:45 You'll see this year when a demo comes out
I love your commentary and videos. Great explanations and descriptions. Also I really appreciate that there are no mid-video ads. You deserve way more appreciation!
Glad someone reinforces that my favourite game.... exists
22:12 that amogoos is so satisfying
couldn't you play sm64 ds on a 3DS
Ok
11:22 *Super Mario Eclipse left the chat*
For the people who hate the run button, running in place charges up a dash!
I would really like to know how to download these mods for a real Nintendo 2DS
Y el nombre o enlace?
play mario 64 ds in the 3ds is perfect
Please take what I say with a grain of salt I haven't played the game in ages, but for a Minecraft-like platformer. There's a Roblox game called Cube Cavern 2 that's somewhat like that. It has a lot of movement stuff. I'd say it's more of it's own thing though.
I got jungle climber from Walmart when I was on vacation in America. The exchange rate was really good from British pounds to dollars so I went crazy that year. I remember playing it for a few days and thinking it was fun but really weird
I love how this guy complains about having a run button, but Bowser's Fury "it's best Mario experience In years".
It may be pertinent to note that "holiday" can mean the same thing as "vacation" in European English dialects.
16:42 sandbird
where could i find the pc version of 60ds?
16:38: A sandpiper is bird that looks for nutrients on beaches when the tide comes in. It is one of my favorite sand birds.
I wish I had a 3DS nub for my phone I hate smudges!
the mario galaxy DS game its not a romhack! its actually much more impressive. the guy who made it straight up made a new engine to mimic mario galaxy. without any base....  from scratch   FROM SCRATCH
19:24 When I encountered Xananab as a trophy in Brawl, I quickly realized his name is just "BananaX" backwards, so in lieu of figuring out how to pronounce that, I just called him Banana X.
Surprised Waluigi was never put into any of these.
16:38 Hey, Ant! Sand Bird!  🤪😎
If you play Mario 64 on the DS you can use the analog stick rather than d pad and it does make it easier to play.
SUS
Galaxy DS is, as far as I remember,  pretty much Homebrew but it started as a 64 DS Hack, so you're not entirely wrong for mention it here
That's what the thumb nub was for!?
Is there a video on how to do this?
GALAXY DS!???
Shroom Valley looks great 👍
14:23. No further comment.
BK Baby Kong
Amogus
I’d rather Sonic voice Mario than Chris Pratt
19:44 This is the test map from super Mario 64 ds... Like woah
is there a mod that puts waluigi into the game, but like a full playable character and not just a reskin
18:26 Super Smash Bros.: Are we a joke to you?
Someone should make super mario 64 ds work with the 3ds joystick
Personally, for SM64DS I just play it on a 3DS so I have the thumbstick. I absolutely adore this game, 64 or not.
I remember back around 8 years ago when there were basically no Mario 64 ds mods   Oh yeah seems I was right on point with the another Mario 64 date
Where's Larry DS
I am astonished at what was brought to us. The minds and creativity of these guys are insane. Galaxy on the DS? 🤯 Be safe everyone and enjoy. If your able to do something like this , then check it out! ☺️❤️
When will someone add Waluigi into the game for real??
anyone have a tutorial how to install the sm64 ds remaster to work on emulator. The one shown at 2.55
I played this game on the DS lite which did have a analog stick.
where do i download these mods?
I still would have loved the option to play the DS version of Mario 64 in the Mario 3D All Stars.
the among us one would work as an original game, like the singleplayer story mode among us
What if you just played the game on a 3DS? It has an analog stick
"I love the sandbird mission" *Said NO ONE EVER!*
HOLY SHIT IT'S AMONG US
I guess I am the only person to play DK Jungle Climber. So good but lost it. Still have the case though, ha he.. D:!
that makes two 3d mario games that can be controlled with a d-pad
Has anyone tried to make a physical game cartridge for Mario 64 DS?  I would love to play this on my N64 or my Switch
i think 64 ds should have been remade as a 3ds game at its launch with default analogue control but options to still use the ds control scheme
mario kart ds is my favorite mario kart game no nostalgia even so im happy it also got widescreen mods
10:08 It's Tostarena Town from Odyssey.
Can analog hack work on 3ds?
💀
beautiful intro
There's an analog mod for SM64DS?!! WHERE DAMMIT, WHERE?!!
Everyone talks about that thumb pad thing but does anyone remember the one that was like a full on stylus on your thumb
I'm just too stupid to instal Super Mario 64 plus it seems
sandbird
Angry Sandbirds
Big fan sandsusbirdbutt
I want a hack with the DS content in the original N64 game.
I need more info on editing and creating enemy and npc ai's and behaviors. 100% of what I see out there is just changing graphics. Can enemy chase speeds be changed? Shot speed? Animations? Damages? Can 2 or more behaviors be assigned to an enemy? Or change into a different enemy at a certain health? Etc.. PLEASE let me know some good tutorials for ai scripts and edits.
I hate that no one ever mentions render 95 when talking about the pc port like bro, its the best mod.
Amogus
L’unico che mancava era Larry Koopa
I remember trying out the DS version as a kid and thinking "what in the actual holy fk".
Hell yeah! Butterfly DS! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!1!!!1!!1@!!!
Not enough people are aware of the fact that playing Mario 64 DS on a 3DS somehow let’s you use the joystick for smooth 360 degrees of movement
16:38 sand bird
Can we play Super Mario The New Beginning on real ds with ys menu?
Hey man I love dk jungle climber ☹️
Galaxy is possible because it's not a 64 Hack, it's it's own thing :)
0:49 But what bout Yoshi? It's not a true Mario 64 ds with yoshi and power flowers.
2:23 Yeah, what's up w/ that? WHY NOT INVENT A GBA PORT REQUIRED ACCESSOIRY!?
Where can you find the widescreen hacks from the start of the video??? That's new to me...
The sand bird mission in smss on ngc was not one of my favorites.
You can just use the analog stick on the 3DS without mods.
Sand bird
The among us mod actually looks incredibly fun
These vids feel quality
Kick the Baby
I'm amazed how much original content you can put in a compiled executable..
Why isn’t mario month in march?
Galaxy DS isn't a rom hack
It's a shame that analog mod is only on an emulator. I would love to see that integrated into a SM64DS rom file. Imagine playing the game with full analog control on the 3DS/2DS.
I would appreciate links or at least a list of the hacks shown in the description in future videos like this
A bit late to the party but there is some missinformation regarding the Mario holiday romhack, the reason for why its so short is because its a demo for the bigger project wich is a remake of the n64 romhack Star road both made by skelux himself, however its been on dev hell for quite a while.
SandBird
Hey! It's me 0reo, you might know me better as the creator of star quest, mario's trip, and umokayds. Throughout the years i've made a lot of sm64ds minihacks, most of them havent been covered in this video, but i'll just go over the ones that were. Star quest was my first complete sm64ds hack and by how much i improved i assume it's safe to say it is quite bad... Level design is awful and the ideas are not too good. Mario's trip though is, or rather was a demo of a major hack i was making (star quest 2) which was set out to be a whole lot bigger/better than sq1. Sadly though, when the hack was around halfway done my hard drive corrupted and i lost all my progress. And then there's umokayds, oh boy where am I getting started with this one? It first started out as a simple meme hack for a sarcastic emoji which was known around the sm64ds hacking community as umokay, after a specific discord server for it was made it had many more variations, each with different looks, facial expressions, etc... Later on though i went all out and decided to start out this thing called the "umokay lore". Basically, it's a huge story involving divine creatures in the umokay universe and cosmic events caused by evils wanting to cause chaos in the umokay universe. I decided to make this umokayds the star revenge of sm64ds hacks and now there's already 4 games out in the series, with many more coming. Each game offers a story to experience and a bunch of stages and challenges to explore and clear, with a bunch of them having custom made final boss cutscenes crafted with care and hard work.  To understand the umokay lore, i'd recommend playing the games in order as each game introduces new elements to the lore, as in new evils with different goals everytime, gods revealing themselves, and so on. Think of all the worlds you explore as part of the umokay universe, with a bunch of umokay creatures inhabiting those worlds. Anyway, that said, since my skill has improved a whol
i would love to see more video about Donkey Kong, i rally do!
The Among Us mod is unironicly my favorite
somebody should make Super Mario Galaxy DS (Yes I'm aware of the fake gameplay footage but let's make it a reality)
why was the among us one actually developed
Dk jungle climber was one of my first games I ever played thanks for unlocking that memory for me
hey antdude, I'm a new subscriber, I absolutely love your videos. you're hilarious! I can't help but laugh. think I've got a bit of a crush
wish you would review the great ace attorney now that its available on the switch bro. :( you make enough videos of mario games.
I'm still waiting for a playable waluigi door mod. That wgite door was MEANT for waluigi...we all know it
Some of these look cool
super mario 64 ds is my CHILDHOOD and I'm so glad someone's talking about it
Jeez everyone is a creator of these mods😂
Bro what's the outro music
Do a review of Cuphead please
I just play on my 3ds xl so I can use an analog stick instead of the d pad.
Looking at the top comment rn, why is it filled with creators of 64DS ROM hacks?
lol the crew mate runs funny asf
Hey ant dude do you think you could do a video on the ace attorney fan games there's some really cool ones like conflict of interest and prosecutor 0
6:32 you missed the perfect chance to say Goldie
Ant, if you see this, I have a question. I'm a burgeoning youtuber, and I want to make sure I approach musical copyright in a way that does not hurt anyone involved. I can't seem to find clear answers as to what counts as fair use (in this context anyway), and was wondering what steps you've taken, since you've clearly done well, hoping that maybe I could follow a similar path.
Sandbird
Play the Ratchet&Clank series. Like 15 very good games for more content
these are funny as hell
Pretty sure the creator said this is a homebrew or so I heard.
Oh man seeing the Waluigi model hack took me back to the rumors of a playable Waluigi in SM64DS, specifically the wild claims of Arceus2401. It would be really cool if someone recreates that old rumor as a ROM hack so the hoax could become a reality.
So awesome.
wonder if sand birds exist
Mario 64 DS made me rage quit so many times
22:15 And here I was thinking that Among Us mods for Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3 was weird...
bro. Just play on 3ds for the analog stick lololololololol
This vid a bit sus
I only remember Jungle Climber because I picked it up in 2009. I like the music and I also like the          .     game.
Friendly reminder for emulator users that MelonDS > Desmume, as Desmume's dev has purposefully tried to avoid patching for games like Pokemon.
I want that galaxy hack on an actual physical game. PLEASE. I WILL PAY MONEYZ.
I clicked solely for the amogus
Daamn I played that first hack like 4 years ago and it only had half the levels. Can't wait to try it again
DS was the definitive version of the game
maybe the real personalization ai were the friends we made along the way
Hey Ant! I’m a bit late to comment, but there is a game series you could cover! It’s called Dadish and it’s a charming and funny 2D platformer with a sequel (both of which are on Switch), and the third one is coming out in three days, so now would be the perfect time to cover them! Both games are very fun and some of my personal favorites on Switch. Just wanted to suggest that, thanks!
AMONGUS
Wha-- Aalm shejjb fuchhshiitt
a m o g u s
YOOO star world seems seems to be based on star road, one of the old original mario 64 hacks! I used to speedrun that game id know that game over screen anywhere
2:29 well, I played in my 3ds via twilightmenu then I didn't had this problem
Bruh red sus
gotta be honest, that Mario Kart DS Deluxe was rough, it had so many issues with the collision in some tracks and Lakitu spawn points, causing you to get softlocked.
Mar mo
amogus
Oh and also makes Sonic fan games 3
Hey stupid you forgot about Sonic the hedgehog the mixed Islands
23:29 know you know how red crew mates feel when accused lol.
i didn't see the crewmate in the thumbnail, instead my brain focused on donkey kong
Sonic ROM hacks?
🎶Bomberman Bomberland  Mass destruction across the land🎶
the smoothness of 60 fps on this game is so HOTTT
What makes playing this better is playing it on the 3D/2Ds, they both have analog sticks.
Mario Galaxy DS is a pure Homebrew, you would know this if you went to the discord server and asked a few questions
Super Mario Galaxy DS Is being made my ermelber and his mentor who made Ermii Kart DS, a MKDS rom hack, but SMGDS is not a rom hack it is being built from the ground up.
oh.
Why arent you at 1 million yet?!??
19:31 Dude lemme tell ya, this game was my childhood. I broke my DS's L and R buttons from playing it so much😂
n64 version sucks compared to ds
I play Xbox one ds 3ds switch and ps4
Downloads?
11:22 _Finally, Super Mario Sunshine Sequel!_ Me: BRUH, I HATE THAT GAME
I gotta say, and I might be alone on this one, I do prefer to have a run button. And the 3DS fixes the D-Pad issue for me.  Also, there's a hack where you play the base game as the Koopalings. Thought I might let you know. It's adorable stuff.
18:48 for the baby
Wait I seen the among us it's at the end lol
I didn't see the among us WHERE IS IT TELL ME
Surprised there is no Yeth64 yet
In a old phone I used to have a DS emulator,and if I remember correctly,I downloaded Mario DS from some random website,but it had the title screen of Mario 256,and it was like a debug mode of the original,it was pretty weird
The Galaxy DS thing is pure homebrew, not a 64DS hack, and yeah, it's really impressive how accurate it is.  Also, Mario's Holiday was actually a demo for Super Mario Star World (aka Star Road DS).
Can you do Luigi’s Mansion ROM hacks?
Does it still only have 8-directional movement?
16:38 *sandbird* *sandbird* *sandbird* *sandbird* *sandbird*
Can anyone explain how can I play Pokemon black and white that beautiful? The resolution and textures were sooooo beautiful. Omg
The Galaxy game is its own game not a hack
30:51 this is a homebrew
20:50 no, its not. It's completely it's own engine.
There's something about limitation that brings out the creative in all of us
That Bowser's Castle hub area reminded me of something. A long time ago, there was a Mario fansite with a section that had Mario game ideas submitted by the site's readers. These ideas ranged from the plausible to the absurd, and they were a lot of fun to read. What I was specifically reminded of was a 3D Wario game heavily inspired by Super Mario 64. The plot was that Wario and Waluigi have learned that Bowser has recently obtained some kind of amazing treasure, and naturally, the greedy duo sees dollar signs and decide to go steal it. Waluigi goes ahead of Wario to case Bowser's castle before they pull their heist... and he never returns. Concerned, Wario breaks into the castle alone, and so the game begins. The game is basically Super Mario 64, but with things you'd expect from a Wario game. All the levels exist inside paintings, and you progress through the castle by collecting treasures and "dark" stars, and eventually having a showdown with Bowser to rescue Waluigi. The game ends with Wario and Waluigi reunited outside the castle, and they head home with their big bag of loot. In true Wario Land fashion, the ending would slightly change depending on how much treasure and such you accumulated over the course of the game. The 100% complete ending had Bowser's castle collapse and crumble to bits behind Wario and Waluigi after they turned to leave.
Mario's Holiday is a prequel to Mario Star Road. It's basically just a small demo to the ds version of star road or star world as it's known now. Too bad skelux was just too over ambitious for his own good. This game was supposed to release back in 2018.
the Galaxy demake was made from scratch
Hey redant can you review skullgirls 2e and mobile plz.I Chou don’t wanna do that then you can do some of if not all of the Ben 10 games
I remember Jungle Climber, I just don't want to
What I really want is a boot out removal mod. That, along with the HD Widescreen and Analog control mods, would make it my definitive version of SM64.
Neat
6:13 "Big thick Mario"
I swear that I thought that dead body on the thumbnail was a snifit
just to let cha know, pc port isnt the whole reason why sm64 hacking has blown up. yes its made it more accessible, but all the credit should go to the people who decompiled all of SM64 in the first place.
Thank you so much for checking out my donkey kong hack!!!!!
Sus
I don't know what you guys are complaining about with the controls. I just use the 3DS backwards compatibility to play with ease.
Hi, sound engineer here:  Your videos sound SO clear, you have the best speech voice I've heard on YouTube, and the mix is f*cking good. What mic do you use?  Btw, waiting for your thoughts on Sonic Frontiers!
15:16 actually, much like Sega and Atari, Nintendo almost had to take the L and get out of the console business. The DS was their last chance so-to speak. Kinda crazy to think about actually
I'm going to check out newer super mario 3d. I've seen people making a few mario 64 mods and all of them seem to be tough as nails platforming challenges. I don't need a game that's all that difficult. I've played enough mario 64 and watched enough of it that I don't really feel like playing the game again. but if I could play a game like it that just some new courses and stars, I'd be happy. this sounds like what I want.
(Potential Spoilers?)  22:22 "Playing a game of good ol' fashioned Emoogis"
dude the controls on the ds aren’t that bad
“Come on, we all saw the thumbnail.” -Us at 22:07
Where Kaze at
Yoshi is so cute in 64DS!
The Mario galaxy ds game is homebrew not a rom hack which is impressive for how accurate it looks
18:36 "remember that game?... Yeah of course you don't"  Bruh what is up with people dissing Jungle Climber so much recently? I will not stand for this
This is the closest we will ever get to an among us video
Oh God the DS version color is absolutely ugly looking, why on earth would you prefer that on over the N64 vibrant colors.
The Galaxy DS game is NOT a DS rom hack.  The guy made his own custom engine for it!
Jungle climber was my favourite dk game and Xananab is My favourite dk character unironically  XD
Sm64 Ds hits the dopamine part of my brain
The sand bird wasn't that bad c'mon lol
Do people know that in Super Mario 64 DS you could use the touch screen to do analog movement? Maybe it's not quite as good as a joystick, but it was there for when the d-pad wasn't enough. You had full 360 degree movement and speed control. I thought it was a really clever solution to the problem, but I don't ever see anyone mention it.
Apparently a lot of Small Ant viewers watch your videos.
I always thought someone should make some kind of loader for the 3DS that runs SM64DS with access to the analog stick. Though maybe that's no longer necessary when you could probably just port that SM64DS remaster directly to 3DS.
Since Mario 64 DS was the first Mario game I ever played, I honestly glad that this game is just as hackable as it’s N64 predecessor.
I think super Mario ds should have been on 3ds not the ds
I absolutely love 64 DS, though I didn't start playing until well into the 3DS' lifespan. I consider it by far the best 3D Mario game, since it has almost zero BS and is enjoyable from start to finish, unlike more technically advanced games like Sunshine, Galaxy duo, and Odyssey. Sure, it's not perfect - the lack of an analog stick hurts, even if played on 3DS or Wii U Virtual Console, and the game doesn't list exactly which Castle Secret Stars you've already gotten - but it's a damn-sight closer than those other games.
Well, for the joystick issue, you can actually use the fingerstrap to control the game with the touchpad. Or, well, just play on a 3DS.
Amogus
One thing about these rom hacks is that they never use shadows correctly, everything is unnaturally bright
I see AMOGUS, i click.
That Galaxy Ds you showed is actually a homebrew made by Jesse and their team but there is a Galaxy rom hack for 64Ds.
10:22 took textures from the original Luigi’s mansion that’s awesome
well mario is an italina character, why no one think to a mod where un can learn italin with mario, or more simple, WHY NO ONE PUT THE DIALOGS IN ITALIAN OR SUBS IN ITALIAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are these playable on a 3ds with homebrew? Apparently the new beginning has been cancelled?
2004 was unholy indeed, I was born
Amogus
Sand bird
I wish we got the DS version of Mario 64 in the 3D All-Star collection instead of the original version since the 64 version has a lot more content.
6:14 “Big, thick Mario”
These look like fun for sure I like that mario galaxy one a lot. I'd really like to see some rom hacks centered around peach and rosalina that would be so awesome. I've played some other mario game hacks (not M64) with peach as the main character but no rosa :( a full M64 hack for each character would be cool plus rosa deserves to be a lead character even if it's just a hack hell peach got an official game.
I came for the amogus
Amogus
This video is kind of sus
No social media Beggars
Do a metal gear solid video
Ah yes, the bad control version of Mario 64.  All the respect to the hacking scene for it, though. I've just thought it was a shit port on Nintendo's part since I was a kid. Liked the Wii VC SM64 way better. Thank you guys for that analog hack.  (For the fuckheads who will say I'm delusional for my opinion despite respecting yours, I don't even care about being locked to 8 directions. What bothers me is losing the control being able slightly tilt or jam down on the control stick all the way gave me unless I play left handed with my stylus or smth. Fuck off with the run button, too. It's dumb. Shouldn't have to jam my fuckin thumb and get blisters to run.)
What's that ds emulator you're using caled? the one that's making all those games look so flipping good??
Shame we only got 2 Mayrio Month videos this year compared to the usual 4. Whats next, 1 video?
your videos are epic and i rewatch them a bit too much
same 3ds gang
From what I heard the galaxy ds port is built from the ground up
So tired of seeing the same old animations from the same game. Sheesh
Amogus
17:06 Man, Sonic Frontiers was not was what I was expecting.
I honestly don't get the hate for 64 DS remake. I played it no problem and had tons of fun with it! The d-pad worked great for me
19:27: This Nintendo-fied Remake of Mr. Bananagrabber just isn't as charming.
Among us…
It's so cool to see all the hackers in the comments sounding off about the community it's a wonderful thing to see
AntDude being unfamiliar with anything discord related including vibe check will never not be hilarious
Are these ROM hacks playable on a DS flash cart?
Just for clarification, the Mario Galaxy port is fully original, not a hack! It doesn't have a lot of content yet, but there is a playable demo available for download if you look for it 👍
Time for the obligatory "this game is better than the original and deserved better"
The Among us one has to be the worst thing to ever exist
Yep, SMGDS isn't a romhack of SM64DS, but its own engine!
Given that the DS is the device with the most easily availability of flash carts, thanks to the R4 taking off so massively, I'd be surprised if SM64DS didn't have a large number of rom hacks.
Repent to Jesus Christ  “Righteousness guards the person of integrity, but wickedness overthrows the sinner.” ‭‭Proverbs‬ ‭13:6‬ ‭NIV‬‬ U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution
It would probably be a bitch to emulate, but I think it'd be cool to see a hack that takes advantage of the touch screen.  Like, a few of the hacks you mentioned have a hover nozzle, but I'd imagine the spray nozzle would be much easier to aim with the touch screen than the d-pad, similar to gyro aiming.
liking becuz amougus
Isn’t there a multiplayer mod?
Fun video.
Finished 100% Mario 64 not too long ago, and I honestly hate that game, stupid camera angles and stupid controls piss me off so many times. I remember playing Mario 64 DS when I was younger and I don’t remember any bad memories, so maybe I should just not play it again and keep those good memories
Yo this is sick, as a SM64DS hacker myself it's cool to see more attention being brought to the scene, kinda surprised my hack (Shroom Valley) got in here seeing as there isn't much information on it out there as of now lol but still cool to see. Once it's fully done I think it should be a really cool story provided I can execute everything well, but that remains to be seen I suppose lol. Kinda surprised something like Larry Koopa 64 DS wasn't mentioned here considering how much that hack has accomplished in terms of really pushing the boundaries with it's cutscenes and stuff but either way like I said it's cool to see more attention brought to the scene, pretty cool video all in all, keep up the good work!
Hey, God created us. We are fallen as humans. We sin and are at odds with God. We need to be reconciled to God.   God sent His only Begotten Son Jesus to atone for our sins. God is merciful. Our sin is what causes the wrath of God to be upon us, keeping us separated from God, heading for eternal punishment. God is just. Jesus lived a sinless life, shed His blood for the forgiveness of sins and died so that we could be reconciled to the Father, and so we could spend eternity with Him. Jesus, having shed His blood to the point of death, then physically rose from grave.   We love because He first loved us. We should walk as He walked. If we sin, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, if we confess them and forgive others.   It's not about the specific building we go to, even though we should fellowship. God wants our hearts and us to know Him through knowing His Son Jesus Christ.
19:46 I don't know if you know, but Star World is a remake to Super Mario Star Road, a SM64 hack made by the same creator.
antdude’s trending! has that happened before?
Pure Awesomeness!!!!
Do a review of sonic 2 movie
42 on trending
Thank you!
No citing in the description? :/
I have a feeling just cause you made this video there's gonna be a lot more Super Mario 64 DS hacks in the works
You should look at some custom levels for the game
Why isn't cyan the imposter, tho
amoogus susty four.............ik but trust me you don't h@t3 me for that more than i do myself.
Why can't I give this two thumbs up?
Mad respect for antdude for getting 35 ON TRENDING
Dude was on trending
7:17 Oh God it’s Morpho Knight KILL IT WITH F…………Oh wait wrong franchise.
amogus
“I never want to hear sand and bird again” what about a sandpiper 😆😆😆  (Its a bird that walks on sand)
You don’t need a hack to use an analogue stick just use a 3ds if you have one
18:41 i fucking do
If you like the idea of a Minecraft platformer check out the Retro 64 mod for Minecraft
I am a new subscriber to your channel my question is what your top 5 original idea games for Nintendo Switch, hopefully we all see your concept on next episode and have you amazing memorial day weekend.
Just to comment about ASM3D, I played it with an r4 cart and it caused all my saves to be wiped each time it was on there. It makes me worried about trying to play it on my Supercard DSTWO Plus cause I don't wanna lose save data again.
I’m glad DK Jungle Climber has been given some attention in more popular media, it’s genuinely underrated!
Starting to think Ant is liking thicc Mario more than he's leading on 😏
Is there any Mario Sunshine hacks? I love seeing Sunshine in Mario 64, but it makes me curious of what actual Sunshine hacks look like, if they exist!
agomus
I played the ds port with an analog stick and it was perfect
"STOP POSTING ABOUT AMONG US I'M TIRED OF SEEING IT!"  - The stop posting about among us guy
Kiryb
Finally a game for me! I always wanted to see Donkey Kong's butt.
Man thank you I really needed to watch something that makes me feel better
So um... wheres the sunshine rom hacks?
Im okay have to do with peoples who suffers Depression. The thing is. No one cares how you feel. Thats why you always say, im okay. Even if you thinking right at this moment... I want to die. How can i end my life? I dont wanna life anymore.  Hey whats up?  Oh nothing, im okay.  I know strange stuff like that, cause i suffer Depression eigter and talked to other peoples who suffer depression and harm they own.
I´m still waiting for a Rayman Hack for the DS version
The mario galaxy on ds is running on its own engine
Never thought I'd hear Ant say sus
I'm always surprised you're able to find interesting topics for these theme months every year.
YO ITS TRENDING!!!!! CONGRATULATIONS 🎊🎉🎈
Thanks for acknowledging Among Us 64 DS as the best hack of all time. Polus and multiplayer are in progress.
horrible idea: play as sonic with sonic R controls
My guy made it to trending!!!
Please don't let this be the last video of mayrio month. Two videos not enough when there's four weeks in one month so please make two more videos
Top 10 Of The World's Funniest One Liners ever!  1. I can handle pain until it hurts. 2. It's lonely at the top; but you do eat better.  3. The word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary. 4. Always remember that you are unique; just like everyone else. 5. Life is too complicated in the morning. 6. Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot. 7. Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them! 8. I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges. 9. Evolution: True science fiction. 10. Humpty Dumpty was pushed.   Is the world's most thought-provoking one-liner "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway."? It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit needgod.com
Now all we have to do is wait 1-3 years for Antdude to talk about Paper Mario rom hacks
My boy SolarZ got no credit for Among Us DS. That's cool.
You sussy baka
so... you got links for these games???
Or a mario hack based on Disney world
What's the joystick controls hack you used? There are a couple results Or otherwise does anybody have any to recommend?
A new Ant dude video directly after i come home? This day cant get any better!
Hey Antdude...            Sand Bird ⛱🐦
If you need the analog stick so much Why don't you play on a 3DS
mariogus 64x4 ds
I had Donkey Kong Jungle Climber on my DS but I was never able to finish it because the shoulder buttons on my DS stopped working
The legends of Super Mario Galaxy DS are coming true…
Sus
Sandbird and knuckles
Amogus is a 22:09
Oh yeah, Skawo has his own YouTube channel with pretty good silent commentary let's plays.
These videos are always lots of fun! It’s great seeing what the community is getting up to, and of course there’s great commentary to boot!
Mario Galaxy DS homebrew is already available but has been put on hiatus
half of the comments here seem to be from modders lol
I felt so satisfied after finally beating the sandbird. Who needs Souls like games when we have these odd Sunshine levels?
sus
"strictly speaking on content, i think it's serperior" POKÉMON BLACK AND WHITE VID CONFIRMED!?!?!?!!?!?!?!???????!??!!
I’m all right playing with the d pad in Mario 64 DS
Ok does anyone find ant dudes commentary to not be very... Funny.. orr good? Ive always thought this but never said anything but yeah great videos n stuff just not great commentary ×.×
Are any of these available on 3ds via twilight menu?
I think a lot do people over react when talking about the Consoles. It's not that bad and you will get used to them
Rub temples say something sarcastic 10/10 any dude content!
I have no idea how but I beat the sand bird level in sunshine second try
What about Bird sand?
hey AntDude i hope in your next video you dont just talk about the PC port because the Decomp is what brings us so many cool hacks and the PC port is just a fraction of the cool stuff we got from it (also the PC port is pretty redundant since 99% of PC port stuff is possible on a rom thanks to decomp)
There was a really cool newgrounds mario 64 game(kinda) that i played as a kid...forgot the name..
Sawnick?
On Wii U you could also use the analog stick of the gamepad.
I still prefer the DS controls personally. Having a run button is pretty essential for me.
mario inflation
amogus
Antmogus
im pretty sure that if u conpressed it enough smg would be playable on the ds
ANT GIVE US THE LINKS
A kingdom hearts modding series would be pretty interesting too
The Mario Galaxy isn't a Rom back of 64 but glad you mentioned it
gus
I'm 19 minutes in and still no Among us hack. SUS
why no original sonic game in mah super mario 64 4 ds??? :(  very disapointed in hack and moders to not do sonic in mah mario ds handhelz grammier. >:( they did sonic in ds markart but no sonic in ds mari64mah dsi man? :( bulshit >:( 64mariosuper more superieor bcuz mairo has sonk the squeaky in the man's game bruh this game suck likepoopy diaper >:P To be serious, great video with good rom hacks man. I remember being in a trend craze for the Super Mario Galaxy on DS when tertia bite potato gamming pc (TetraBitGaming) did video of the Super Mario Galaxy hoax on ds and it included the hack in the video. Pretty cool stuff. I also looked up the videos on the website/app you are maybe looking at this comment on now (probably not), and it was like Super Mario Galaxy was ported 1 to 1 on the 3DS and yet it is on the DS. Wow. Also I like the Butterfly DS game I saw in the video. It really is an improvement and step up from the original and is better in every way that I might as well call the first one inferior to the sequel. Such a underrated gem that not enough people give it credit for. :) Anyways, good video as like before though. It is worth a like and my videos I thought were interesting 3 spot. :) Bai. :)
You still have to talk about Fall Guys
amogus
Does that analog hack work if you play the game on 3ds?
Super Mario Galaxy DS isn't based on mario 64 ds, it's a custom engine
Honestly the thing I'm most surprised about with the galaxy port is the shader being different
seeing some of the modders commenting on their mods here brings me joy. thanks for making this possible, antdude.
3:03 I hate the graphics and controls of the Zelda DS games. What is this face? This new voice for Sonic is weird. 17:24 He didn't actually get kissed :(.
Honestly, all I need from a mod is the controls and textures from the N64 version patched in. Don't really care about anything else.
A bunch of folks making crazy maps and levels. Guys... Just make super mario 64 ds or the original 64 but 4 player Co op.. it's possible no?
Here's a fun fact: Star World is actually a Full on Remake of Super Mario star road! It's even made by the same hacker! It will even include brand new levels!
I want the link for the among us one. Where is it!?
Amoogus
4:36 bro I was born that year :(
Now here's one I've been wanting to see for a while!
Niice mods Sunshine ds is my favorite romhack
Funny how people think Waluigi deserves more than he already has
I knew we'd get to 64DS rom hacks...
Bird Sand
Bro I LOVED DK Jungle Climber as a kid. Genuinely one of my favorite nostalgia video games along with Lego Star Wars and Super Mario Bros 2 Deluxe. I remember sinking so many hours into it and being so frustrated yet so in love. Super challenging when I was a wee lad.  Anyways, this is basically me begging you to make a video on it. Or at the very least a video about Donkey Kong video games that aren't in the "Country" series
GALAXY DS IS REAL??
The Galaxy DS "port" was originally a SM64DS mod, but is now written from the ground up. It's got some REALLY good stuff going for it.
E
When can we get a sonic adventure 1 and 2 homebrew port for 3ds
i’ve been a viewer since 90k. shit, i remember the sonikdude101 videos🥹, and i lost you for a while until i rediscovered u after finding out you had a new channel. it’s been literally more then a decade and you now have 500k. it’s all deserved man, u earned this
I genuinely had no idea that weird plastic thing on the DS strap was supposed to be used on your thumb for the screen...huh...
Please show off some pikmin based hacks. There’s so much coolness
I love him 18:49
Antdude is very scared of “him” in the thumbnail
Aww come on Ant, no links in description?
The super Mario Galaxy DS game is completely homebrew and there is a Discord and a playable demo.
20:23 Who's gonna tell him we have 64 Mario fully Functional in Minecraft, Moveset and Everything
“Some of these areas are a little bit too tight” that’s what she said
sandbird is sus
Any links to the hacks?
among us
...knowing what I know about 64 ds, I'm nervous about camera problems
22:09 what you all were waiting for.
something that you should check out is Super Mario Galaxy DS, a project trying to recreate super mario galaxy on the ds, it's really cool it has some complete levels but the project is still in the works it is being made from the ground up tho, at least to my knowledge
I like mario 64 DS more than mario 64
17:24 What a tease!
10:15 I graduated from high school a few days ago. I did my senior thesis on that movie, it was 19 pages, and the minimum was 8.  @$&% that movie.
it's a shame nintendo has such a hate boner for these things, would love to see more people play them / maybe have a version on the switch.
amoungus
"2004 was an unholy time" Can confirm, I was born that year
4:30 that weird thumb nub is actually the ideal way to play Kid Icarus Uprising or Liberation Maiden (albeit it's less comfortable if you're using an XL 3DS), especially if you're left handed and your options for moving the character are restricted by the right joysticks on the 3ds not being very good.
I got scared when I saw among us
You can just hear the death in his voice when he starts the among us part But yeah played the among us game and it’s not bad
Sand Bird
amogus
The ds version of sm64 is still my favorit version of that game. And yes it because i grew up with it But i just have a hard time playing the 64 version because evey time i do i just fell like there is missing something. Plus the wall jump is so much better in the ds version.
for the wide pokemon ^^' there is pokemmo but its tiny harder run of the same pokemon game
amogus
As a PS1 enthusiast, it sucks that we don't have a huge romhacking scene like the N64.  The N64 has like what, under 400 games ever made for it, while the PS1 has over a thousand.  We need some PS1 hacks, Ape Escape, Mega Man X4, Adventures of Lomax, Pac-Man World, there's tons of potential. Plus, lately everyone has been curious about that Bloodborne PS1 "de-make", I could see a lot of games being fun as demakes.  A PS1 Ratchet & Clank, or God of War.  The N64 had a very small library, but of course there's no denying that in that library are some of the best/most important games of the era.  I just wanna see some PS1 love as well, there's countless Mario 64 hacks, can we have just one Ape Escape project?  Please smart ppl, me too dumb to program.
That Among Us mod should have a multiplayer mode where you play Among Us!
64 fan vs 64ds enjoyer
If you play it on actual hardware I suggest playing it on the new Nintendo 2DS/3DS.
I'm always surprised no one has really made a full "Super Mario World 64" rom hack. Using the textures, or at least the themes of SMW. Ideally youd throw in custom SMW enemies like Galoombas or Rex. I'd love to see a 3d reimagining of SMW.
I was looking for a video on Mario 64 ds romhacks and I could only find some old ones from a few years ago  It's funny that I only had to wait a day and Antdude would answer my prayers :]
"2004 was an uholy time" ok that one line hurt my feelings cause I was born in 2004
Don't vote AntDude, he might be a Jester!
Sus
Star World is basically the 64DS equivalant of a Hack of the original Mario 64 called ''Star Road'', and both of them are made by the legendary SKELUX. And Mario's Holiday is basically a playable demonstration of what there is to expect from Star World, controls and all. Might actually be cut levels from Star World even, but that's just my speculation.  Also I think Galaxy DS might actually be cancelled?
5:48 I thought this was going to be the song from the end of Rat Movie for a second.
4:02 does Vinny know about this hack being done?
Still wish the DS version was changed to be playable on the switch in the 3D all stars collection but sadly it and Galaxy 2 did not make it
You should cover New Super Mario Bros rom hacks
Surprised Waluigi was never put into any of these.
But this is still a good video.
It's actually Don't kick the baby, not don't hate the baby.
Hearing Antdude say Among Us causes me emotional distress
I finished Jungle Climber. We exist
sandbird
Ayo more romhacks?!
Bird and sand
Hey, I wonder who's gonna make a Mario 64 hack with levels from Kirby and the Forgotten Land. If anyone gets inspired, thank you.
sand bird
No Bowser's Dank Rave?
I’ve got that Mario galaxy hack installed on my 3DS. You can just download and play it. It’s only a few test stages though.
I hope 3D World eventually gets the same treatment as 64 and 64DS
MARIO STRIKERS 0:25
3:50 Hold up. I want that. Where can I get that Pokemon Black/White rom hack?
I am so hyped for the amogus in the thumbnail
I am going to make fun of the baby.
22:11 Hmmmmmmm Lets be *SUS*
(Super Mario 256 creator) Nice showoff of the SM64DS hacking scene! I liked the use of Super Mario 256 music. The camera is an annoying thing to modify at times, but it should be fixed. The game is currently on hiatus as I try to port it to entity-component-system, which should allow more flexibility in combining mechanics. Also, the Galaxy DS "romhack" you showed is the homebrew. The ROM hack known as Super Mario Galaxy 64 DS doesn't have videos as far as I know.  Another Super Mario 3D was indeed deliberately made for the DS. It was originally planed to be for the N64, but Super Mario 64's collision *sucked*. The analog hack is called ToxInput.
I feel crazy for having this opinion but it's a hill I'm willing to die on: Jungle Climber is probably my favorite Donkey Kong game of all time. I recently had a wave of nostalgia for DS games, and I looked into it and decided to pick up a new 3ds XL since I can mod it and just load DS roms onto it, and it seems like the definitive way to play these days -- the first game I played was DK: Jungle Climber
I like the sandbird mission :(
These hacks was Off the Charts indeed and I think I like the Super mario Galaxy for ds .....Man these hackers deserve  a raise
Great video! I played _Another Super Mario 3D_ years ago and it is a great rom hack of Mario 64 DS. It basically feels like a DLC pack and is a lot of fun! This a definite *must-play* if you enjoyed Mario 64!  I think _Super Mario Star World_ is a port of the classic Mario 64 rom hack _Super Mario Star Road_ . The DS version feels like it has been in development forever, but I hope they are eventually able to finish it. it is probably one of my most anticipated of any of the DS hacks. If it is anything like the original _Star Road_ it will set the standard for other Mario 64 DS hacks!  I'm glad Super Mario 64 DS is getting more love in the rom hacking community. Though, I feel like DS rom hacking in general is still in its infancy. I definitely look forward to see what new hacks come out in the upcoming years!
Wow, first Starfy, now DK Jungle Climber? Why are you the only Youtuber who even references these games? My nostalgia can't take it! What's next, Fossil Fighters and Fossil Fighters: Champions?
OK but we're now waiting for the "top Amogus Mods" video. Mayrio month ends soon Ant....
Anyone remember all the rumors that waluigi was a secret unlockable character in this game? I believed them at the time and spent hours trying to figure out how to unlock him
Completely off topic, but antdude is so based for owning an 8bitdo controller
Sand bird
His computer background tho
Fun fact: if you talk to Skawo about Another Super Mario 3D, you will find out that he actually doesn't like it, despite its incredibly positive reception and great design.
Watching an Antdude video after such a long while just makes me appreciate the small quality detail in the video.  Like writing a concise script in which you avoid repeating yourself of just using words and phrasing wrong.   Thanks, mate.
Your able to play as Luigi and Wario but still no Waluigi
Amogus amogus amogus amogus amogus
I want to be kicked out of the level when I get a star  prefer it that way
TIL that's what that nub thing was for.
64x4 is such a good idea for it's name. It's Mario 64, but there's 4 playable characters! It's clever and I support it.
I recommend looking at my sibling's hack, Larry DS. You'd be in for a weird time, and for some of the most choreographed animated cutscenes in any SM64DS romhack by far. Not to mention full voice acting for those scenes as well.
22:14 is when the video starts.
Hey the creator of DS Remastered here, glad you are interested in my mod. Me and my team are hard at work and hoping Nintendo doesn't take it down any time soon. Yes the goal is to basically be a PC Port of DS, but not only that... Remastered here means special features that many may want. Specifically a purple man that everyone wants.. But even better tweaks. The Render96 team made the Luigi and Wario movesets (which is why the sounds and the movesets are different) Just to let you know. Exited to watch more of your content!
galaxy isn't a 64 ds romhack its its own engine
8:47p.m. 5/29/2022
Kirby rtdl mods next
GalaxyDS Isn't built off of SM64DS It's in it's own engine.
Only if there were new a Mario 64 rom hack
How do you hide hacks from Nintendo? I thought that they shut them down quickly
Among Us 64, because why the hell not
Yes! A video on my birthday!!! Best day ever!!!!!
One day I'll try Mario 64 lmao
Widescreen DS is absolutely cursed and I hate it.
Jungle Climber was my first Donkey Kong game I will not here this slander against it 😤
2:51- yes. I agree.
2:46 I see a lot of people complain about a run button in platform games  And honestly (most likely because mario 64 ds was one of the first 3d games I played) I never hated it, another example is when I went to play a demo of sonic lost world and i did very well with the run button in reality there are situations where a run button is very useful example: mario 64 ds pirana plants only wake up when you are running so just release the run button so it doesn't wake her up, Is it easier to just defeat her with one punch? OF COURSE, but imagine how useful a run button would be in similar situations instead of fiddling with less force on the Joystick  Before someone decides to drop a bomb on my house, I'm not saying that EVERY GAME needs a run button, it's just that I PERSONALLY don't think a run button is so bad and I don't really understand why I often see a lot of people on the internet talking about it as if it's something that makes the controls worse
Bro please stop making rom hack videos, they are immoral and illegal. Videos like this ruin our community.
I pray this game gets a port one day. It’s better than the original 64
> wearing an Odyssey shirt > none of the ROM hacks shown have anything to do with Odyssey, lol (unless I didn't pay attention at a certain point)
I love 64 DS, it’s how I grew up with the game
When Ant mention Skawo I was just happy about that! Hope you get 1Mil subs soon, keep up the amazing content!
It’s nice seeing the first Mario game I’ve ever played finally getting some attention ⭐️
The Galaxy port is homebrew.
That Super Mario 256 hack looks INSANELY awesome. I have to play it for myself sometime.
Crossing my fingers to someday get Mario Galaxy on the DS
Thanks to watching AntDude for so long, I couldn't help but point at his wallpaper and say "FEHT" out loud.
So Among Us month this August? 👀
Galaxy DS started off as a 64 DS hack but moved onto a custom engine cause of 64DS's engine's limitations.  Still fuckin amazing at how it's on the DS. Proves that the DS still has untapped potential.
you forgot black mesa 64. It's half life but you play as mario
Startropics is mid
Amoungus
My favorite part was the part with Among Us
Dude!, I'm really interested in SM64 DS now
I seriously thought I was the only being on this planet that plays or played this game. since when was there an actual community for 64 ds
nice
The run button is good
64 DS actually controls pretty well honestly
As someone who absolutely despises analog game controls, 64DS was actually my preferred way to play that game. I don’t know if I’m the last person on Earth who feels that way, but if I am, I’ll still stand by it.
very sussy
yes yes yes
Star world seems to be inspired by star road...a pretty good hack for the original sm64
mario galaxy DS is a homebrew, but i remember there is a sm64ds mod trying to recreate galaxy too, but i think there is only an announcement trailer
Jungle Climber was and still is the only DK game I ever owned. I never managed to *beat* the game as a kid…  I think I got to the very last level but could never beat it… I think I still have it… damn you ant I think I’m going to have to try it…
The among us is pretty cool
Funny how this video came out shortly after I one-hundred percented ASM3D.
How do you get roms
I grew up with the ds version. I like it more then the original game. Due to the controls. But the game plays better on the 3ds due to the circle pad.   I tried playing the n64 game on the wiiu and switch but it feels so weird and i just can't get used to the controls.
Amoguds
Super Mario 64 DS was my first videogame so I’d love an official remaster or rerelease by Nintendo I’d buy it in a heartbeat but it’s nice to see other sharing in my love for it
(Another 3D's creator) Every time I see Another 3D I cringe seeing how bad it looks to other hacks now out there :v
Mario 64 DS rom hacks are cool, can't wait to see the day people port 64 DS's missions to 64, whether it be in the style of DS or not, it's gonna be awesome. Also amon gus. Love that.  Awesome video!! _(Also, Galaxy DS isn't a 64DS rom hack, it's 100% homebrew :o It even has a playable demo on it's discord!!)_
I’m going to be a nerd and say technically the last time link and Mario cross over was Mario kart 8
Ok, but why is the Among Us one actually of decent quality? Lmao. In all seriousness, a lot of these are really cool. :)
Anybody knows if any of these is playable on an actual DS or 3DS?
The only reason I clicked on this video was because of AMOGUS. I guess the crewmate has become iconic
Btw Skawo’s a youtuber too, and a pretty good one at that just puttin that out there
The galaxy one is a completely new engine
SM64 DS is a dreadful game, just horrible!
I never had a 64, but I did grow up with Mario 64 DS and an action replay cartridge. So much fun. I never even considered the D-pad being a problem
Sand bird
Why is this the only Among us mod that's good.
I remember this remake..Damn brings me back.
Marios Holiday is actually a demo for Star Road 2. The creator actually planned for there to be 1000 stars (yes, really), though its been scaled back recently due to his health problems.
Ah sm64... Your ROM hacks have finally started getting traction  Hope you cover next time the crazy things the PC port community have done!
butterfly 64 and butterfly ds are both made by kaze emuar and he also made a ton of other notable sm64 mods and they’re amazing
The World Ends with You
Good to know I'm not the only one who doesn't care about Among Us one bit.
modders do what nintendont it seems countless times XD that was a neat bunch of stuff that can actually play on DS and such
I grew up on 64 DS. I remember trying to unlock Waluigi based off some shitty fake guides online
heck yeah Super Minecraft Steve 64
Make more Mega Man videos please I loved your reviews and showcases of them
20:53 from the official discord server of the developers this is not a SM64DS rom hack its a whole original game using the ds hardware
The Among Us crewmate probably got some 5 Year Olds to click on the video.
Cursed
hopefully with your reach you can get people to play these and iconic mario 64 hakers to make rom hacks for sm64ds
One thing that I think would be awesome is a platform fighter video. Covering all sorts of "Smash Clones," from Nick All Stars and Multiversus, to Rivals of Aether, Indie Pogo, and Fraymakers. Especially with the custom content possible in Rivals and Fray!
My hack isn't featured here, not even my playable Koopalings in 64 DS, oof... Ah well, I didn't expect it to be, hahah!  Anyway, best hack featured starts at 13:24 Umokay is the best  Anyway, I liked the video, heheh
Mario's Holiday is only a demo to show of what Star Road DS is going to be like when it finally releases +Galaxy DS isn't a rom hack
*ahem* Sandbird.
For me personally. The control for 64 DS doesn't bother me. But I have played it more than the original. So that might be why.
Funfact, there's a mod for analog controls for the Virtual Console version of the Wii U too and it's great, by the way about the fan creations, some are so impressive that it's hard to believe it's a game for the Nintendo DS.
Antdude. Kirby lately has been getting alot of rom hacks! ...i mean it. Look them up. One replaces every everybody with magalor, another is... this.. magestic(?) dedede boss that replaces grand doomer.  Someone even added the animal friends to return to dreamland, playing like star allies but they feel like a new character.  ...also you missed the "half life" mario 64 mod that actually uses the DS mods and such. ...it even has jiggle physics on the nose, the weapons, headcrabs...? Um.. well you fight nick cage at the end in a tank. ..which is a reference to the previous hack he did on "mario getting banned on twitch"
the galaxy DS port was probably based on a fake leak back in the day but it’s all homebrew, not a 64DS hack
Super Mario 256 is amazing but the music is so distractingly bad Lol
2:52 can’t wait for ytps to have this in them now
What a sussy video
The balloon mario on your computer caught me off-guard.
4:26 So THAT’S how you were supposed to use the touch screen on the DS version…  I didn’t even think about using it like that…
Mario Galaxy DS isn't a 64 DS hack, it's an engine made from scratch
Does anyone have a link to these hacks
Yo, I did NOT think you'd have enoughg time to make a second MAYrio Month video. Thanks!
Now do a video on among us hacks.
This video is kinda sus
based antdude for showing off the umokay ds series
Galaxy DS is pure homebrew, insane how its even been made
Among us among us among us among us among us among us among us among us among us among us
Completely
Glad to see Skawo getting some more recognition!
This video was pretty sus
I've never bothered in playing hacks (also haven't played the full Super Mario 64 games, the actual ones), but those sound cool. I know I'd definitely want one where you can play as Peach.
Sand bird
Galaxy DS isn’t a 64 DS hack… it’s it’s own engine…
dude, i was looking for ds games and then this video pops up! great video!
Very unlikely
I can’t believe that the Among Us hack actually had effort put into it
Ah yeah, Star World is still in development. Kid me back then thought that Star Road DS (the original Star world) would release in a year at most, yet here we are. I hope Skelux finishes it one day or releases what he has done so far if he decides to stop development.
red sus tbh
Super Mario 64 ds is my favorite game ever! Part of the reason is because of the action replay hacks!
Umoky is toad witaout the hat
11:30 It has to be Green Garden, it has to be.        It's really really sus!
20:57 nope it's cancelled
Your content is fire, thanks
such an umokay moment tho tbh tbf
3d land among us?
14:29 that's the amazing loaf or holy loaf meme.
More Yeth 😡
I can't wait for a Mario 64 ds hack of DK Barrel Blast
It would be awesome if there was an adventure platformer game where you play as Yoshi and Daisy
23:36 Thank you for specifying "evil" imposter. It is a very important distinction to me
I posted about among us 64 ds on reddit seems like my efforts finnaly paid
When I heard the mips music play from 64DS at around the 6-minute mark and couldn't help but laugh because I just love how silly it sounds.
Holy shit, amogus 64 DS is amazing lmao
12:04 Holiday is another way to say Vacation So maybe it’s meant to be “Mario’s Vacation” Just a guess though
Amogus
I actually played jungle climber. Liked the K.Roll Battle (still remember the music), and the extra levels where hard as balls
Hi
I once again ask for a pokemon conquest video.
You said you wanted a Minecraft platformer? This guy made one: https://youtu.be/NOgPTtILjFk
I want to see more Amogus 64 DS and 64 DS in general
Missed opportunity to not have called the amogus hack Super Mario 64 DSus
good video until you said "he is baby." dude you're 32 years old and that hasn't been said for years, monster
Thanks for showing off some of the cool things our community has to offer! We were all super excited to see this video put out! I'm responsible for Sunshine DS and I just wanted to say thank you for including it! It's far from perfect still but I'm glad the effort I put into it was still able to shine through and impress to some degree! I do personally watch your content a lot so this has been really exciting for me to see! We got more cool projects in the works currently, so keep an eye on the SM64DS hacking community!  Thanks again Antdude! I know I've said it a lot now but I'm so happy I can't help it! Keep making your awesome content!
The galaxy DS thing is pure Homebrew. Custom engine and all
Thank you for the video.
DK Jungle climber was one of my favourite DS games for a while (before I discovered a load of bangers)
Neat! Interesting stuff. Thanks for sharing, AntDude (with the most memorable intro I know of).
(Sees Among Us Character In Thumbnail) [Insert Among Us Joke Here]
Sand Bird
Ant should watch the Mario Bros movie. Easy content
mario galaxy ds is a homebrew with its own engine, not a 64 ds hack (still beyond impressive though)
its probably called holiday because holiday is sometimes used to mean vacation in some parts of the world
Galaxy DS is its own engine made by the author
Ah 64 DS, where it was how many first played 64. Or you already played 64 and hate it
Hi I love this and I hope you get 1m subscribers and I hope you have a good day and you are awesome
amogus
0:19 AYO?
It’s a shame 64DS is such a demake. It could’ve been so much more amazing.
When the DS is SUS‼️🥶🥶🥶
I never thought I’d see among us in a Antdude thumbnail.
I love SM64DS, it's awesome
We need a full among us hack called sussy mario 64 ds.    No, your not allowed to say otherwise
I only clicked because I saw an Amogus
Bro just play on a 3ds
I see you with the 8bit do controller. Ant got good taste 1:20
Nice to see Skawo in a video about ROM hacks. For those who don't know, he runs a Let's Play channel these days. Text-only, wit like sandpaper, hilarious. Go check it out.
Hope there'll one day be an SM64 video that acknowledges Brodute.
Rom Hacks my favorite series AntDude does the Romhack Community to you guys and gals you are talented!
You should check out the pikmin hacking community! It has some of the most creative and ambitious mods made and being made currently
I knew when I saw among us in the clickbait title that this video was going to be good
didn't expect to see my hack (SM64DS 2: The New Stars) make a cameo in this video the final game will be way different from the demo footage you used as I'm currently busy making new plans for the entire game SM64DS has a lot of untapped potential that we hackers will hopefully be able to utilize in the future
I play jungle climber and I like it
I don't think the last time mario and zelda crossed over was the cereal, what about mario kart 8's link dlc or like super smash bros
Super Mario Galaxy DS is running on its own engine, and there is even a demo available if you search a bit ! It's fascinating to play, I must say.
SM64 DS was one of the first Nintendo DS games I ever bought.
Someone please link the pc version
20:28 There's a mod for MC that lets you play as 64 Mario. Physics and all
Uh, Antdude, Luigi and Wario are playable in the base version of 64PC.
You can download the demo of super Mario Galaxy Ds.
THE MARIO GALAXY GAME IS HOMEBREW
nice
Super
I always knew Luigi was sus
I've  said it before. I don't understand why the lack of analog control is such an issue. I've played SM 64 DS just fine without it.
The Galaxy DS project was actually built from the ground up, it's not a hack of 64DS! Which, honestly, is even more impressive.
I love how antude sound like banjo at 2:51 with the retching sound 😂
Are they remastering the luigi gambling with ds remastered?
Whooou shit , Sus e and Spand Dong  , very good
8:18 Peach playable in this hack? Awesome!
Me like video
As far as I am aware, the galaxy ds prototype is not a hack of 64 ds. It uses its own engine. That doesn't make it any less impressive though : D
Sunic day when its sun dat make a sonic vid if your busy on sunday just dont make a vid.   great vid btw
Yay. New smallant content.
This boutta be good
Wait, is it called mayrio month because it’s the month of may?!
64 DS is an amazing port that I love to death, and I'm glad its getting the attention it deserves.
Galaxy DS is completely original, but I'm glad you covered it all the same.
13:36 that is the purest nightmare fuel I've ever witnessed
14:16 Incredible how Umokay 64DS 3 became a thing before Galaxy 3, good to see that people have their priorities straight  Nah, but really, that Galaxy DS game looked impressive, it's sick to see an old fake rumor like Galaxy DS actually become a legitimate game after so long  A lot of these hacks were pretty great! I was part of the crowd that grew up with 64DS instead of the original 64, so I really enjoyed seeing what people have been cooking up with this game  We all know that Among Us 64DS is the clear winner of this video though, obviously
The fact that Among Us 64 DS is actually *better* than the original game That's the only compliment I can give to it, despite not wanting to because it's, well, Among Us, of all things.
This is first time I heard about this games mods 💯
i want more antdude cussing with random mario sfx used as censors
honey wake up , new AntDude video
Thanks for checking out my Journey Lane hack! Glad you're liking it so far!! I'm still working on it as hard as I can while dealing with irl stuff and I can't wait to release the game in the future for all to play! 👍
I played it again on 3ds and def the optimal way to play, by ignoring the circle pad and using the d-pad
the among us one looks more like a rom hack of the misadventures of ed, edd, and eddy
You can tell he was dying inside when he had to mention Among Us.
What’s the name of the mod that allows analog stick? Also the one that upscales the resolution?
64 DS was literally my childhood. I didn't even know it was a port until I got internet access in 2015. Edit: wtf and how tf are they getting the entirety of Galaxy onto that small little console?
SUS? SUS?
Omg this is absolutely amazing, I'll be sure to try some of these out
The among us so visible
Amogus being good wasn't a surprise.
2004 peek a popularity of Little Einsteins and Snoop Dogg it is not unholy
Surprised nobody has made a mod we’re you can “actually” play as Waluigi with his own moveset.
long story short: Ant is easily impressed...
People might be criticizing the ds of its lack of analog control but then you realize pc doesn’t have it either! No one is criticizing the pc for that!
Oh
Hi could you link the mods you featured?
I feel like a fool. I thought that thumb nub thing was just a badly designed wrist strap 😂😂 would’ve been very useful since I lost my stylus like 8 minutes after getting my DS!
Underrated opinion: I do not mind the touch screen controls in SM64 DS. It’s much better than using the D-Pad and the Run button to me.
umokay!
I now hate dynamic audio
DS is the definitive version!
sus
the mario galaxy on the DS I think actually uses its own engine which is COOL
It’s definitely an unexpected surprise for me hearing that 64 Ds managed to get mods.
Hey, AntDude! Sandbird!
Can't wait for when somebody ports Super Mario Odyssey to the DS
Sandbird
That thicc mario wallpaper makes me feel fear like ive never felt before
4:25 That's how I experienced the game for the first time once you get used to it it is not that bad its the next best thing to a normal stick.
22:10 feels kinda sus
Wake me up when they put Bowser's Dank Rave on the DS.
Oi!! I remember DK Jungle Climber! It's one of my childhood games
You can play Mario 64 ds with an analog stick on the 3ds you know..
Lol no joke, this was the very first video game I've ever played, so I'm hype of course
I remain the 1% who prefers 64DS over the original.
22:10 amogus
I like your Inflatables Mario on your desktop
i always stumble on a new video from you when coming home from a party still half drunk, and it's always the greatest joy to watch it through, thank you for these cherished moments <3
I prefer Mario 64 DS a million times more than the original, so it’s nice to see it finally getting the attention it deserves.
Yeah
Amogus
Hackers are once again giving more love to a game than Nintendo has
4:49 Oh so THATS how you say it. I've never heard someone else say it out loud...
As someone who didn’t even know 64DS modding existed prior to this video, Another Super Mario 3D absolutely floored me. I really want to play it sometime.
According to exoparidigmgamer the Ds Mario 64 replaces the original
Hacks like this are cool, but part of me always thinks “they have so much talent, why not make a whole new game?” Same thing with a lot of third party transformers
1:35 finally someone calls it a crewmate and not an "among us."
I don't really see the point in playing 64DS in HD. Just play the original and mod it if you want those extra features. Making it HD kinda ruins it. And no, D Pad controls aren't gross, you're just not used to them because you suck at games, Anthony
I appreciate how nearly every thumbnail has one of the characters doing the “thumb-point” thing.
the galaxy "port" is indeed homebrew
we already know where this is going. (Mario Galaxy DS)
You should do super Mario galaxy 1 and 2 hacks
i hope for super mario 256 to be finished some day
There's a patch to use the analog stick in the Wii U Virtual Console version!
I saw among us in the thumbnail and was immediately intrigued
Please give us tye whole among us render
I’ve never heard anything about the 64ds hacking scene so this should be interesting!
"so, you think sm64ds is a good game?" "Yes, and I'm tired of pretending it's not."
Imagine opening that white door in the game and then an Among Us character walks out
Among us
I liked how you spelt Skawo's name
Ah rom hacks  You make a game in a game
Amoogus
I have always preferred Mario 64 DS compared to the 64 version. I grew up with both, and just somehow loved DS even more. The minigames, the extra characters, everything was perfect! Except the controls.
Had to get one more out before the month was over😅
Epic
I'm scared simply by the thumbnail alone
Hey Antdude, can you please look at some of the Licensed games you own like Somecallmejohnny did?
I like how phat Mario is his desktop wallpaper for this video.
I have a feeling 95% of the comments will be nothing but Among Us
Inflation 🫠
64 ds added so much to the game to where it feels more like a different game than the original. kinda like a second quest version of the game in a way
AMOGUS IS the only for why I am here... at this time
Antdude? More like Antmogus.
MARyO
Amogus
I clicked fast on the video when I saw the among us
64 DS was actually my first experience with 64 and the fact that the community pretty much sweeps it under the rug or forgets about it entirely kinda makes me sad.
AMOGUS ANTDUDE CONFIRMED!!!!!!!!!!!!1!
The definitive version of Super Mario 64
Speaking of 64, I hope you end up taking another look at the hacks for the OG 64, especially stuff like b3313
Here's One: Super Oofio 64
More ROM Hacks! A perfect addition to this year's May-rio Month
Everyone: neat a new video by antdude Me: A M O N G   U S
64 DS is probably the most underrated game I played, so I'm glad it's finally getting more love
Nice way to end Mayrio month!
All I saw was the thumbnail and I couldn't believe it.
This version is better than the original Fight me
Mario 64 Ds is the classic but a smaller screen
Of course there is a among us mod… 😆
You know it's gonna be a good episode when Among Us is on the thumbnail
the “ds” in “mario 64 ds” stands for “does stuff.”   mario (64) does stuff
Wake up babe new AntDude video
Aw man No snes hacks
is that an amog us
Hello
Gunga ginga
Hell yeah Mario 64 DS is awesome!
I’m sure at least one of these will include Waluigi
Among us x Antdude I can't believe it
2nd 🤣
Love this game
