Love the Air-King… it’s one I’ve actually gone on a waiting list for.
Did you have a chance to review this AK ?
Rolex Monster Energy
This GMT does not look right. When it’s on the jubilee bracelet there’s too much going on. I’ve never liked the jubilee bracelet on any GMT to be honest. My personal favourite without a shadow of doubt is the day date with the fluted bezel.
I love the milgause but you never hear people talk about them..why ?
Boring design
Not keen on the GMT or the Air King.
So Left handers arent professionals . Its about time we Left handers got a bit of choice
Just picked up the new Air-King from the local Ad and I have to say I was surprised at how good looking it is in person. I love it!
Do you know what time it is?
I think 'sprite' is a very underwhelming nickname for such a unique watch as the GMT 126720VTNR. Its Black and green and distinctly different, perhaps it should be called the ALIEN. You have (to name but a few Rolex nicknames) the Hulk, the Batman and now.... the Alien?, a far more appropriate nickname, I'm putting it out there, I hope it sticks.
I think the left handed GMT may be due to a move towards the trend of wearing a smart watch on the left hand and a traditional watch on the right hand
Got to see the VTNR in person - color combo is awesome - and who really cares about the date window & crown on the left of the watch - I guess if you wear a lot of long sleeves and also have difficulty exposing the other half of your watch quickly for a date…. Ok - but if seeing someone wearing it on their left wrist puts you in a tizzy - good grief lol - if it’s just not for you - fair - we don’t all have to like the same things - love the channel BTW
Hi have a fried can get me a rolex at a big discount.. .what model should i get to hold its value...think can get 1/3 off retail. .fried in Dubai has big contact.
Being left handed is quite blessing. I wish Rolex would actually sell the watch to people that are left handed instead of these watch flippers that give no crap about the purpose of the watch. Would be funny if Rolex actually sold directly instead of through the fake AD with their back door deals and kick back.
There's a guy told me I have a big surprise Tom type and write back soon as I did because I had asked me 12 hours later scam but it took all my information now Benny tribes who robbed my bank y'all cheap watch me and your dumb asses rest of them
3 years in waiting for Air-King now... Waiting for luck :)
You send it to me you must be a scammer I'll block you off all my sites and I'll report you when I'm at it you have a great night and a great day God bless you cuz you need it
You tell me to hit you back right away I didn't get the message till like 9 hours after you sent it so what is this prize you're talking about
Sprite
Same thoughts: the airking is kind of my fav release from Rolex this year!
Just called " CAN'T BUY ME".
What does "purposeful" mean in your description?
I haven't owned a Rolex myself or know much about their product except for some models, but this new GMT Master II it feels like a right hand watch version alternative instead of a left hand :P
All this doesn't matter as you won't be able to purchase any of these unless your willing to pay double MSRP and without the Rolex AD experience
Rolex🥱😴
I like the new lefty watch, and I’d like to order one. How? Much, long?
Hey Adrian, still waiting for your detailed video of your new explorer polar dial as you promised before 😁 keep maintaining the good work 💯
Good video though... rant over 👍
Pisses me off that YOU " you tubers " dis rolex all year round but the fact is its 90% of all watch talk and non of you would have a channel worth watching without rolex,  not so much your channel but PAUL thorpe is the worst,  hates on the brand all year around but can't stop putting the name in the title.. about time ROLEX got the credit
Look forward to your view on the thickness of the new Pro. I love the look of the watch, great at 39mm but then I thought, bummer -- it's way too thick and it will be a deal breaker. Why can't they make it no taller than 12-13mm?
Rolex's new offerings are never more than a slight color change of a dial or bezel, slightly larger case, or mix and matching features/styles from their other watches. Tudor embarrasses Rolex by making them look drab, slow to change and non-inventive with their new products.
Any change to the Explorer II??? No one’s talking about the Rolex Explorer, so let us know. Thanks Bark/Jack
Help!.. (please) I don't own a watch and have been holding out for Rolex Explore 2 (2 years now :( ) but I am over it now, well unless the AD calls and then it will be back on lol.. anyhow not holding out any more and wanted to ask is the Omega Seamaster 300M white dial still your favorite watch now you own the Explorer 2, or is the seamaster not getting much wrist time. thanks again for all the great content...
I was looking at a rolex smurf in my local town and the price tag was very cheap only 44,500 pounds. Lol love the blue dial on that watch. On a side note I'm not a fan of the watch case to the left side on the new gmt.
Love it or hate it….. we want it…. 😊
Omega are rising above Rolex
People don’t bother right now the watches will come down massively in price
But we can never get any of these pieces at retail..........
Yachtmaster II in white gold has been discontinued too
I like the new Rolex but hate the date being on the left. How about calling it the Goblin ?
When supply is deliberately limited to create secondary demand, these new releases adds to the  hype and fervour of scant availability. The new 2022 design is quite irrelevant in the scheme of things however novel it may be7. They got us eating from their hands with our permission.  Still your videos are super !
"See you guys next time... I see you guys tomorrow." - aaand it's been 5 days, I hope everything's allright! :D
Fuck rolex making these watches you can't get your hands on
Same, the only Rolex I like this year is the Air-King. The platinum day date doesn't look right with the fluted bezel. It used to be good to see the polished bezel as that would set it apart from the gold versions alongside the ice blue dial. The GMT just looks silly. An immature move from Rolex
Zoom the new deepsea 136660 please.
About the new free   About the new “Green Lantern”.south paw watch, I agree with you. Initially, I thought it was upside down as well.  Ok I guess if you are left handed I suppose. Personally, I would rather spend a fraction of the cost of a Rolex on an equal quality Swiss watch at a fraction of the cost, better looks and better value in my book.  The Oris bronze big crown pointer date 80th anniversary green dial I purchased is amazing!  Also picked up an equally amazing Hamilton Khaki auto in stainless steel for my son’s university graduation from aviation science, perfect pilot watch for a new budding instructor/airline pilot.  Thanks for a really great review!
Hi Adrian, I expected that Rolex would remove the cyclopse from the Platinum Day Date and leave the smooth bezel to make it the real most expensive understatement piece. Now it looks like an ordinary white gold Day Date - the sexiness is gone, it is a pity. Greetings from Germany
Where did you go, Adrian? Are you lost in there? "I'll see you guys tomorrow"
New GMT can be named as Robin.
I think the GMT deserves the name "Southpaw" as it is aimed for the left handed users.
Maybe they just made a watch for left handed people that only 10 percent of the planet would want…. And no one can get.
Why would anyone pay over MSRP for a watch? Company tells me what it's worth but no, I volunteer to pay more? LOL
the new gmt master should be the green arrow
The left sided screw crown on the GMT is 🥴. Makes the watch look funny, its a no for me personally. The colour schemes and the overall finish and design is really nice though. But certainly wont be spending c.25-30k on it at this juncture
Hey, I have a watch labelled with the name ‘Gerard Piguet’ and I have no idea who made it and where. I have searched everywhere and you are my last hope have any idea?
Great vid as always - the Air King I just cannot understand, and for The Riddler, I want to like it but agree just looks upside down!
The new Rolex GMT is an abomination.
I'm pretty sure the only reason the GMT has the date at 9 is so that people can't buy the watch and simply flip the movement and dial to make it a conventional crown-at-3 o'clock configuration. There is no other answer that makes any sense. Regardless of the hand that you are wearing the watch, that date "should" be at 3 to create an intuitive balance and also a valid visual hierarchy.
Nothing for me in 22 from Rolex…
The GMT Master II shall be, from this day forth, be known as the Downunder watch
The GMT is a complete abortion. Just horrendous. The others are pretty bland updates. The Air King dial still doesn't do it for me but the case is an improvement. The Deep Sea just says 'Mug me' 🤣
Oh cool beans. More watches you can’t buy…..
Are you planning a review of the Black Bay Pro?
Odd, more like bizarre!
The new GMT is perfect…I have always worn my watch on my right wrist as I find it more natural being right handed as do many people seemingly. Also winds better if it is an automatic, more movement than that of my left. Never hindered me writing anything either.  Great move from Rolex!  Why would you wear a watch on what seems to be the unnatural wrist? Should we suggest an expensive fountain pen should be used in your left hand? Anyway, love it!
Rubbish nothing interesting
Interestingly I've been calling what everyone else has dubbed, the "Cermit", the Hal Jordan (aka Green Lantern) since that one released. However, considering Hal Jordan is a Pilot, and the GMT is a watch for Aviators...dammit, it probably fits more here. But that it's lefty only, is just ridiculous.
I agree with Adrian ..  The GMT Master II is pretty bad...
New GMT… Awful Awful Awful Makes no sense. Rolex increasingly pretentious here. Agree the Air King looks much better and purposeful. Thx for showing .
To be honest if I had money for the new GMT I’d wear it upside down on purpose lol
Looks like Batmans villain has arrived. Rolex Joker
Waiting 8 months for an air king. Rolex is so frustrating. Might get an Omega instead. Already have a Speedmaster.
lol that gmt is terrible. Rolex have fucked it.
Rolex is losing the plot
Which ones are discountinued ?
Did Rolex happen to release the "leftie" on April 1st by any chance.
Do agree with you about the air king but would love to see a different colour dial , as for the GMT master no.  Not floating my boat but do like the left handed date and winder but it’s a mater of taste as you have pointed out.  Thanks for a good vlog my friend ……sky
The gmt is great. Simply imagine you’re left handed.
Rolex a hype? Maybe you should take a clue from the boys over at Watchfinder. They spent longer on showcasing Van Cleef's parrots than on Rolex. Which again, is trite, tired, conservative and non-eventful. The gimmick of the destro GMT watch? I figured it was an April fool's joke, but sadly it seems they're serious about that shit. Date at 9. Heaven help me. Dumbest damn low-cost mod they could have pulled, and as wrong as that looks it's still trite, in a color scheme that's about as exciting as a wet rag.   Seriously. Dude. These 5 minutes would indeed have been better had they been at the Tudor stand. Or about Vacheron's 222. Parmigiani? Anything. Seems like most brands released something more remarkable than Rolex. Even the horological masturbation that is Grand Seiko's constant force tourbillon watch is more interesting, and that's not my schtick at all.
The green GMT should be called the “Ninja Turtle”………. 😎
The GMT is just so unnerving to look at. The date window on the left is very unpleasing to the eye. Weird release.
AK dial is like vegemite - I love it! 05 v 5 just don’t get the debate, so it must be like marmite? A lot of pilot watches use 5 just like it’s origin from the bloodhound dashboard.
What else would you call it? "The Lefty"  ha ha
suit jacket and backpack 🤭 … such a well crafted channel but that needs to change
New GMT👎🏻
Air King looks much improved.  The LHD GMT - wow no idea who that is for.... not for me!
I never understood the air king because if it want to buy a watch because it was used by pilots in the Second World War, just get an oyster perpetual with a jubilee or leather band.
How hard is it to mod a normal gmt rolex and swap over the bezel and the green hand? (just if your really wanted a normal left-handed version of this watch)
I think will get the AK.  Had a vintage but sold it.  Like this one
Agree that the improvements to the Air King are nice, but still too many 00's and too many 5's. It looks like something Fossil would make. At over $7,500 (plus tax) I would pass. The green dial GMT looks great it is my favorite colorway. The platinum President is the winner for me. A little to blingy, but I would definitely rock it anyway. Granted, none of us mere mortals (plebeians) will be able get one from an AD.
Only viable in Ned Flander’s Leftatorium……
Reading about people grabbing multi-figures monthly as income in investments even in this crazy days in the market,any pointers on how to make substantial progress in earnings?would be appreciated.
WHAT IS THE POINT OF A ROLEX VIDEO SHOWING YOU WATCHES YOU CANNOT BUY ITS A JOKE WASTE OF TIME ,,,,, COME BACK WHEN WE CAN BUY ONE
the new GMT is like seeing a left-handed guitar.  my brain can't make sense of it.  is it backwards, is it upside down, etc.
Air King - YES. Green Lantern- that’s a no for me. I’d be putting it on upside down more than upright. Platinum Fluted Bezel -YES
Agreed, the Air King is a winner and much improved. The new GMT, even though it's odd, looks gorgeous. The bezel and the GMT hand look great together. Some don't understand that Rolex is kind of like Porsche, they make small changes to refine and improve, so when people call the new GMT boring, coming from a brand like Rolex, it's really not since for them it's way out of left field, literally and figuratively. The new Tudor BB Pro is also a winner, simple, clean, and vintage inspired.
Did you say 40mm for the air king?  If so then this is something I will go for. Same goes for the gmt master 2 but to a lesser extent as i I already have a Pepsi.
I think Rolex will produce more of these type of watches in the future with the crown and date window on the left - they haven't gone to these lengths just to satisfy some number of their clients it's to stop the replica market and keep people guessing - if people are spending serious money then there should be more choice and practicality.
Accent sound Rolex “eggkhing”
What's new and Rolex in the same sentence 🤣🤣🤣🤣
It’s the Flanders. He is left handed and wears a green sweater.
Love the colour combo on the GMT, not so much the crown and date on the left 👎
GMT not a fan of the crown on the left at all GMT IS A SERIOUS BRAND FROM THE LINE THEY SHOULDN'T HAVE MESSED WITH IT
Love the new air king best Rolex out right now it's an homage to the explorer
They most probs setting the air King up to join explorer status
Watched a number of your videos they're great and agree with most of your comments ...thanks! watched your Explorer 1 video where you are snowboarding ... love that you use it regardless of what you're doing ... I've been wearing my 1016 pretty much 24/7 ... 90% of the past 30+ years ...looking to get a 14060M and have tried to find the difference between the 2 line movement and the 4 line .... i presume they are both the 3130 but the 4 line actually goes through the certification process?? hope you can help here? ... FYI I just hit "subscribe: :)
That new GMT is horrible. Just looks so off.
“The Green Lantern”
I don’t really like the new GMT, I think a LHD Pelagos GMT makes a lot of sense… however, Rolex has taken a little bit more of a gamble than usual and I think we should encourage this. Otherwise the 2035 release will just look like the 2021 release… I agree that Tudor is their place to have fun but equally they’re so deeply rooted in the heritage inspired models that I feel they’ve also put themselves in a bit of a corner.   Somewhere in the Rolex umbrella there has to be some contemporary new, slightly risky design language. Imagine how cool the BB Pro would be if it were it’s own thing and not a homage to the 1655… we need something new to become a classic!
Looking forward to hearing more about the Tudor releases. The BB Pro looks sweet. Possibly a bit too chunky?
Why is no one speaking about the yellow OP's being discontinued?
Love the new GMT II color scheme! But, noooooooo… don’t make it a lefty! So disappointing! 💚🖤🤡
Adrian just started something…Green Lantern
Nope! Epic Fail!
i could not agree more about the 0 infront of the 5 :D haha so happy i am not the only one emphasizing this haha
Are we 100% sure that date at the 9 gimmick isn't an April fools? It's horrendous
Rolex are just making use of their parts bin - nothing really new for years.
To be honest, Rolex is 'lucky' that the brand is so hyped/popular, because they are lacking inspiration.  So they put out another GMT, but if they only released a new color scheme, people would notice. So they made it a lefty. Next, they start copying Grand Seiko with their pattern dials. Air-King looks good now that it's more balanced.
Y'all make fun at that watch you better buy one probably the last year to make them the only going to make a few that's going to be one of the biggest watches in the world because it's unusual and I think it's pretty cool they change something up finally I had the money I buy one
Thanks for the video. Another boring release from Rolex.. are they running out of ideas? Hype for pieces that lack imagine and a huge anti climax (coming from a Rolex fan)  And let’s be real, all these new releases will be virtually impossible to obtain 😂
People are calling it the Sprite
GMT is for left handers!
Thank you for all of the great coverage from Watches and wonders 2022. Did TAG have a display? I have to say the TAG HEUER AQUARACER PROFESSIONAL 200 SOLARGRAPH, looks very interesting.
Being a lefty love it, will go with my left hand hammer😁
Worse releases of 2022
Aren't all you sheep tired of falling for Rolex hype and buy some other brands damn. Can anybody be original.
Great informative update video.
Thank you Rolex for making a right handed watch. About time others did the same, n call it (the right rolex)
Congratulations on the 200k subscribers Adrian. An impressive achievement, well earned. Chapeau monsieur 👍👍
The new GMT is the perfect watch to wear on your right wrist.
Rolex is not fun. Rolex is like an old stodgy white guy. Not fun
After watching this short video , I figured how they made this left handed watch. They only rotated the dial , crystal and the date disc 180  degrees. Genius !
T0sser
as a lefty who has always warn watches on the right hand i find the idea of “mirroring” the gmt brilliant as it would allow to take advantage of the ease of changing time while keeping the watch on the wrist. in addition the cyclops on the left would allow the date to be visible without having to pull back the shirt cuff. not life changing, a bit of a gimmick but one with at least some connection to rolex’s tool watch heritage.
Ahhhh Adrian! This is the best! Thank you so much for this. I loved hearing your thoughts on everything. Top tier content from a top tier lad! … aaaaaand… HAPPY 200K!!!
I HATE HATE HATE the new GMT with the left crown and window.  It's an upside down watch with modified face. DUMB.  It is NOT a Tag Monaco that had some purpose to the left hand crown.
Air King is horrible, as before. GMT is a desperate tentative to find a way out of the corner of aloofness and boringness they put themselves after 50 years of "incremental" changes. As for a name for the GMT, how about Zombie?
I liked the Air King before and the changes make a great watch even better. I don't have any problem with the left hand crown on the GMT (I am left handed), but the date window at 9 o'clock does seem quite odd. I think the cyclops highlights the unusual placement of the date window and doubles down on the weirdness. In the end, both will sell out and be nearly impossible to purchase at retail. With the GMT, it's like Rolex knows they can slap anything together from the spare parts bin and it still sell out.
prefer the moon swatch
Rolex "Reverso"
Like the gmt bezel configuration, hate the left hand dial it doesn’t suit it 😂😂
The new GMT 🤮🤮😂😂🤮🤮 is Not a rolex.!. Gay watch
Just looked at their site and instantly thought “looks like an early April Fool idea”.  I’m also not a fan of change, it looks wrong.  Maybe it’s for left-handed people?  I’d call it ‘The Joker’.  The Air-King (to me) still has an overly cluttered dial, though the ‘0’ in front of the 5 means the dial finally appears balanced, though I can’t see the point of protective shoulders around the crown.  As to pointless watches, I see the Milgauss is still in the range, giving protection to the tune of 1,000 gauss, yet Omega Seamaster protects to 15,000 gauss as standard.   For me, the basic Explorer is still the best watch in their range.
The new GMT should be called the "Ned Flanders" because he wears green, is left handed and a cartoon.
Love the new Air king and the IWC
The new GMT got to be Riddler, green and odd
Got to be "The Riddler" surely. Same colours and keeps ya guessing????.
Agree 100% on the Air King OP - If can find at rrp will definately be a consideration.
Hi Adrian, got a good name for the New GMT II. master - how about Shrek?
Did Tag not do a watch with the crown on the left at one point?  I think they said it was designed for golfers who still wanted to wear the watch on the left wrist but didn't want the crown digging into their wrist on their swing.  Or I could have imagined all that, who knows.
Rolex took out the platinum 44 yatch master
Left-handed GMT II - an absolute NOOO !!!
Out of all of them air king is my favourite, but the gmt does look weird but I feel like over time I will get used to it and love it
I am sorry, but you have gone the extra mile to make the Air King better than the original watch I happen to have. The zero on 5 makes no difference, and the guards around the crown do make a difference. Other than that, it is still the Air King. As an old pilot, I loved the fact that Rolex had made a pilot watch long ago.
We should call the green GMT the Starbucks
The Riddler is the perfect name for the green and black bezel GMT.
Finnaly today my first Rolex was confirmed. It was not easy and free, first other jewelry and watch for her.
I was hoping it said "discounted" not "discontinued" but I remembered it was Rolex. 😅
Because the new GMT’s a bit odd, it should definitely be the “Riddler”!!  I really like the green/black bezel, but the Batman is still my favorite GMT Master II.  I can guarantee this green one is the more collectible piece, though.  I agree, though, the new Air-King definitely looks better.  Proof that such subtle changes can have a dramatic effect.  Still not sure I’d have it at the top of my wish list.
Can you do a video on why people buy these useless things?
Let’s call the new GMT as 7-upside down
I love the new gmt i like the black and green combo. Even though im right handed i would still wear it on left just because it is different and fun.
Congratulations on 200k subscribers!! You earned it friend!!
As a left handed guy who wears the watch on the right wrist, I'm very interested in the left handed GMT. Being annoyed by it is like being annoyed at a restaurant that offers a nut allergy friendly or gluten free celiac dish.
Rolex once again shows the same warches as always and Every dummy fall for it, sorry if a car company would bring out the same car for 20 years - it would be dead, what makes Rolex bring the same watch left hand? Lmao
Every time I see an image of the new Air-King all I see the logo for PGA Masters golf.
It really is wild how much adding the ‘0’ improved the watch haha
and airking is ugly as hell
Dont care about the Rolex shit, you cant get them anyway and they are overprices
What  is "new" I mean  what  is  real  new?
rolex releases boring gmt -> BORING.. rolex releases something fun -> ROLEX CAN'T BE FUN. that's tudor's JOB.. wtf
I think this green black GMT should be called the Riddler… it’s gonna puzzle everyone on how to use it. Except the left handed guy
Loving the Air King. It’s now perfectly balanced and purposeful. They can keep the GMT. The colours aren’t the best and the crown just makes it look stupid. Which means it’ll absolutely fly up in value. I know I’m a man but nobody it’s talking about the flower dial datejust 31. Possibly the most beautiful women’s watch I’ve ever seen.
The GMT looks awful...
The Green Lantern was the star of the show.  My prediction- Adrian drops a video review in a few months about how he’s come around.  It’s that good.  I’ll take mine on the jubilee btw.
Hey ! I just saw you pass by today, didn't wanted to interrupt you😊, just letting you know that I love your vids and keep up the great work👌
boring
rolex put the crown and date window on the other side, so now you can wear a rolex on both wrists more easily
You made a good job of dressing up some very boring updates from Rolex…what happened to the titanium Yacht-Master?….yellow gold one looks very very dull. Makes the Moonswatch even more appealing.
I was hoping for a white dial 2 tone Explorer 1. The black dial on the current one is too jarring for the change. Also, white, alpine, Everest... it works.
De video is interessant
No issue with a GMT for a leftie, but why not also have a traditional one?! Love the day date , like the airking, still all impossible to get!
The Air-King looks rad. I really dig it.
left hooker GMT2 is... Urm... green? green and black... Urm.. do I want one?... NO !!
I do like the colour combo of the new GMT however I’m not sure about the LHD I think I would have to see one in the flesh to make final judgement
Another release and another let down. Nothing new being done. Fuck sake, Rolex is starting to get boring. Release a different model.
2:42 left handed crown for right hand watch wearers
Air King..... Collaboration with Hamilton ?
i hope they discontinued the coral op because they'll be using that dial in the datejust 36s next year
As someone that wears their watch on their right wrist I’m very happy with the new YM2 ‘green lantern’ :)  Will this make it more accessible?
Can you say anything? really? All of the waffling and nothing really to say
Pretty crap, same as all rolex releases lol. jlc won it again
Is this Genuine in the Reply or is it a scam?
Thats exactly how I feel about the new GMT,  the watch is up side down. Air King is a shitter so no one cares. Overall poor effort rolex 😂
Ha! What a load of rubbish from Rolex. It will probably sell like hot cakes.
The new gmt is for guys that use watch in his right arm.  Personally I’d buy and ask to turn the dial upside down, problem solved!
Rolex is joking
Maybe Rolex saw how quickly the LHD Tudor Pelagos flew out the shops
I absolutely love the new GMT Sprite Colorway but even though I am a left Hander and wear my Watches on the right side I still wouldn't take the left-Hand Version.
I don't like the new GMT, the color combination and LHD. Longines ZULU much better in this regard. Pelagos has more sense as there is also the normal version. Best is Air King, hope to get one.
do you think the AirKing is safe anti-muggers watch - not sure about the lefty watch
The joker 😂
Completely and totally agree here. That Air-King went from a weird watch to something that I'd give serious consideration - that dial and those CGs really makes a difference. The power of design! And I'm sure the 1st reaction of a lot of people seeing that VTNR was "WTF?"...as was mine (in my mother tongue which sounds even worse).
I love the colours of the sprite but it’s odd indeed!!! I’ll stick to my Batman waitlist spot
Left hander gmt😅
Even more unobtainable Rolex watches, boring...
I mean, I'm a left-handed pilot; I never expected Rolex to cater for me! Hey, I'll take it! I agree that the Air King is the best of the releases.
The Milgauss is the cockroach of the line up. Can’t die. Won’t die. Will this just get the new movement and crown guards as per the Airking? Another watch that has a puzzling position in the line up. Outdated and quirky. Conservative Rolex don’t like quirky. The quirky OP41s all had to die. ‘Tiffany blue’, bright yellow (for Gods sake) and tomato soup. They had to go. But, suddenly quirky raises its strange head once again with the arse about face GMT. If this was a conventional release it would be massive. But quirky and possibly short lived? Extra massive! It seems the designers have one or two odd balls that get their say for a short while then the conservative gravitational pull brings back the sober releases. Bizarre and unpredictable your Rolex. Do their own thing and we just follow like brainwashed lemmings. It seems once they get a sniff that other brands are playing follow the leader they change gears and pull us into a different direction. But that Milgauss. It just won’t die.
The GMT is makes perfect sense if you are left handed.
“New” is all relative when it comes to Rolex
I’m a left hander so I think it’s grate  Want it so the crown don’t hit my wrist
Another great video! Thank you Adrian
Adrian, thought you were quite a progressive enthusiast, so as a lefty a little disappointed with your rather close-minded critique of the new GMT. For left handers this is way more practically useful with the 9 o'clock date window. I think it's great, Rolex know they could've made it in the normal way but chose to be different and inclusive (not like I'll be allocated one anyway but the thought is there!)
Looking at this new GMT gives me anxiety.   :{
Looking sharp !   The Beckham BB professional will sell like hot fairy cakes  Rolex is just unavailable in the current models, why not just focus on production> oh yes it might effect the hype
Gmt black green: The LOKI
The Left hand GMT?......Absolutely hideous!....Would i buy one?...."As many as i could get my hands on."
I am confused by new GMT but I know one thing for sure: it may not click on a market and it would be discontinued. Then wooow price will go up like crazy + its 1st ever lhd gmt meaning important & historic watch
Looking sharp Adrian! Thank you for explaining the Air-King. I kind of get it now. It was a difficult watch when it came out and I really couldn’t see they’d changed much. Classic Rolex, tweaking a design in tiny meaningful ways.
honestly, all of this seems significantly less riveting, less relevant, and less realistic/accessible compared to the moonswatch release 😅    great video as always though, adrian - keep it up!
I thought you'd be jumping right on the Tudor Explorer, Adrian! Have fun in Geneva! Personally, the green/black GMT Master non-left hand really suits my taste, fantastic looking. Honorable mention and my personal Rolex highlight: The green dial DJ 41!
That new GMT just looks wrong. If someone handed you one to try on the first thing you'd do is turn it around to have the crown and date window on the right hand side.....only to find it's now upside down.
I’ve joined the list for the GMT. I am right handed and wear watches on my right. I had a GMT LN and sold it. Now I’m wearing a Yacht Master and a right handed GMT would be one of the few things that would get it off my wrist.
The motivation is for right handed watch wearers
You may have already answered this, but what do you have on your wrist when visiting the show!?
I like zombie for the new watch
The left handed green GMT should be ‘The Riddler’ it’s odd and a mystery.
YAY left handed watches hahaha
Riddler because it’s green odd an mysterious
Congrats on 200k
What a dumb GMT
The Riddler is out of the box. 🤣🤣🤣
A GMT for the lefties 😉
Love the new TMG or is it the GreenMT cant decide
Aah. Not sprite. Y not call Loki
Green !
Do you know the history of the Air-King? I think you need to fact-check...
The GMT is ugly weird.
I'm still thinking the lefty GMT is an April fools joke from Rolex. That thing looks so odd.
Wow !!!! I love the new Day date 🔥☄️
The AK is the best Rolex release of all that was at the show. I most enjoy the update to the dial. The 05 completes the look and adding lume to the 369 just makes the dial a hotel cohesive look. The Green GMT just looks too weird with left handed crown AND left handed date window+cyclops. It really does look upside down. It's like the people applauded loud at first when the reveal was made, and then it quickly died and went "aww??" What a tease. So close to giving some what they wanted but the caveat is that it's gone destro. I'm sure some will gravitate towards this look, but not nearly as many if they had made it with normal location of crown and date/cyclops. It probably won't be the most popular because of this odd decision to flip/invert the look of the watch.. as such, it may get discontinued sooner than later and THEN, people will really want it and of course the prices do their usual fireworks.
New GMT nikename..."The Reach Around"
The Air King also has lumed numerals
Rolex is a joke! Watching at last piece from VC which is in another level, or simply look at JLC New realease stellarodyssey which is a masterpiece, rolex is a joke. This company doesn’t innovate at all. Lefty watch😂, and new color palette😂. Even Oris or longines are doing big step forward. And watching at Omega, is far better than Rolex, a part moonswatch whic is a funny take, and they nail it 100% in marketing. They made new planet ocean ultra deep, and my god what a tool diver😱top!  So Rolex what?
Not sure what there is to 'get' about the GMT, it's left handed. As far as the colour goes, I like it equally as the black and red.
I agree, the Air King is quirky but cool, upgraded version now perfect. Left handed GMT looks very odd and I've worn the black ceramic since 2007. In the end thy will sell every one they make.
Fair call for ppl that think the GMT is odd looking. But I've seen really aggressive responses like unprofessional, lack of care and effort. Rolex went the extra mile to rotate the movement that no other company has done. Ppl don't even realise that when you wear your watch under the right cuff, it's a pain to see the date on the right.
Sprite
don't like the new exhibition models. they should just not make them like they do on their other watches.
Overall, a massive meh from Rolex. Unsurprisingly.
I would love a couple of Rolex watches to pass down to my sons.
I hope everyone agrees with you and no one likes the new GMT so the demand is so low that I can get myself one from an AD. I’m a lefty so let’s go hahah
Beautiful ...
I used to be a Rolex guy for many years but with all the bull crap Rolex is pulling with waitlists and not being able to buy any stainless Rolex at retail I am completely done with Rolex.I am now an omega fan and can purchase at retail or less.Rolex is all games.
I personally like it for people who are left handed, I think the pinnacle highlight would be the air king
The Green Lantern 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Don't care for the GMT Master but since they are unattainable, who cares? The Air King is a watch I almost pulled the trigger on, but for that goofy second hand.  Now the GMT is crazy whimsy and the Air King is looking more serious.  I fear it's the 2022 watch to have, which means I will probably try to get one.  Must admit I love the 05 and also the big 6.  Pretty cool.
It should be called the Riddler!
The lume in 3 6 & 9 makes a big improvement.
New GMT left hander: As a person that travels a lot for work, before and after Covid closures, wearing a left handed watch not on the right, but actually on the left marks sense.   Most long distance flights are over night and when making movements during sleep, the crown really digs into the hand and a large visible vein.   Not sure if this is the main reason, but this makes it very comfortable now for the pilots and multi-time zone travellers.
I totally agree with everything you said.
3:26 Everything that's wrong with these watch 'snobs' more interested in what's been discontinued so there investment makes money lmfao sad as F!
Will they next create a GMT with a clasp that opens inward for further speculation purposes ?
Should have modify the GMT movement TO keep the date at 3 O'clock like the Pelagos LHD... As an owner of the 116900 Air King, I always defended its design cues. The crown guard case and flip lock clasp is welcomed but adding the zero to "05", makes the size bigger than "10" which is also weird and off balance. Secondly, lume is welcome I always hoped that there is lume on the minute track but to lume the "3,6,9" makes it harder to differenciate the minute and hour markers as the numberings are all white in colour. When I 1st got the Air King, I was amaze that it was so easy to read in 1 glance dispite the busy dial is very much in part because that the full "WG" "3,6,9" is easily differenciated from the white painted minute numerals.
It's for lefties isn't it?
Conclusion, nothing is available in the AD. LOL
Name for new GMT ST Patrick’s Day, green for a shamrock and black and white for a pint of Guinness
I may be in the minority here but I love the new GMT.  Finally a watch design that makes perfect sense for people who wear on the left hand.  It's as serious as any other right handed watch...besides, what is "normal" anyway?
Could you have a watch maker flip the dial around and fix the watch?
GS and once again JLC took the spotlight this year with its releases. Rolex on the other hand is still relying on its "releasing a new color variant" strategy. I doubt Rolex will be relevant in a few more decade once demand have stabilize and hype subside.   If brands like GS, Tag and Omega continue to innovate and bring great watches and available to purchase. Rolex is doom.
Air King 😍👌
Can you tell me which sewing machine omega 8800 with 8900 machine is better and which machine is produced first?  How many years to maintain this machine, clean the oil once a year?  thank you
Gross GMT...
The Air King needed a new dial.
All Cellini models discontinued except the moon-phase 😔
Only Ned Flanders like that GMT
Mayweather McGregor
Maybe that new GMT should be called The Riddler…
What happens to the price of the OP 41 Green dial?
That new GMT looks more like “The Riddler”
The Riddler!  Cause…what?
Name for the left handed Rolex GMT....the Ned Flanders
I am left handed and i love the new gmt. That’s the purpose of it 👊🏼🙌🏼
Green Lantern. You heard it at B&J first folks.
The 0 before the 5 I’ve been saying for years. Oddly enough I’m surprised they finally did it.
Agree with the Air King 👌
As somebody who wears a watch on either side of wrist based on the watch or my mood. The left handed GMT is brilliant. That's a cool watch.
i also definitely feel odd looking and weird. use to look at the date at right side though, and the dial
Rolex should have just taken things with the new GMT to the absurd level, and made it run counter-clockwise, too…
Always love your videos. I wishI could say the same about these watches. I think they are all rubbish. Even if I had the money I would rather have an Aquaterra than any of these.
u can't buy them, so what's the point?
A lefty GMT?? No thanks!
My first thought was "wow, the camera work here is amazing, for a roadshow setup", and then I remembered it was you :)
I hate the left hand sub.
GMT for the right-handed people. Since the Tiffany dial isn't that exclusive anymore. I don't understand why Rolex jumped into it. The more brands uses it...the more Volkswagen-Golf'ish it going to be. Same like Richard Mille has now become the VW Golf among the higher overpriced premium watches.
The GMT is horrific!
What are the changes to the Deepsea?
I really like the left-side crown; for anyone who works with their hands (I am a drummer), right-side crowns worn on the left wrist leave a mark on the back of my hand after a day's wear. Not that I could ever hope to have the new GMT Master II, but the left-side crown has utility! Thanks for the videos, love the channel!
“Ah sod it, it’s only Rolex”
Hi I'm Clifford. I sell quality,affordable wrist watches.
Rolex. Quality over quantity.
The GMT makes no sense for the general population. I guess if I wore a watch on my right hand it might be OK, but no other possible explanation. Looks pretty silly!
Adrian!!!  Spot on mate.  I think they took a very cool Air-King and made it much, much better with incremental improvements.  I will absolutely be picking up the new Air-King.  I'm so glad they didn't discontinue this model as had been speculated.  I'm with you on the GMT.   The colors are cool, but I can't imagine that it will ever look correct to me.  Great video.  Keep the great content coming.
Love the Air King.  Its clean and crisp! Brilliant!  On the other hand I don't get the new GMT with the left handed crown.  I guess green is the new black because of the popularity of the Hulk, the Kermit and the new Starbucks which apparently no one in the world can get one?!?
i was right on the Green and Black bezel, but it loos backwards, ie Green Lantern.
As someone who is left handed, I really wish they had put the date at three o'clock. Anyone who wears a right handed watch on their right wrist is expecting to see the date there and not at nine o'clock. H
We have the Batman we now have the Riddler with the Green and Black
What about the new deep sea? What changed?
Anyone know the thickness of the new airking? I can’t find it anywhere but if they slimmed it down, it would be a big win.
Is that a woke Rolex?
Too late, everyone is already calling it the "Sprite."
You Still will not be able to get one( a Rolex)........so....does it really matter?
Green lantern is honestly a better nickname than Sprite since this is a new colour combination like the Batman..
Nice video overall compare to other watch vlogger. I owned the GMT 16750 and  I'm having second thoughts about this leftie GMT. Love the new Air King though. Cheers
Whats the retail price for the Green lantern?
new GMT is the Loki being left handed and all kind of mischievous
pls check out the "new" DSSD.
What a waste of energy and anticipation waiting on Rolex to do something their former customers have requested publicly.  As great as they’ve historically been building their brand… this year is another idiot marketing decision.
Hi Adrien, I watch you all the times bro and I like your usual take on watches, but do you really find this Rolex launch has enhanced the Air K? It was an ugly watch and its still ugly watch in my humble opinion. Re the 7UP its really very bad looking "I dont know what"?? In any case, I tell Rolex to take a Hike! especially, as long as they keep distributing their “amazing” products through the ADs and the drama associated with them 😆
I have a Pepsi GMT and I have a hard time setting it, being right handed. I can't IMAGINE trying  to turn the crown to set it with my left hand! Really awkward I think, ........unless you are a lefty. ;)
Love the GMT colour, but doesn’t need to be LHD - that’s why the Pelagos is there with Tudor
I would call the GMT ‘the riddler’. It’s green and black and a bit of a puzzler!
In the past heuer moved the crown to the Lhs.  (The Monaco)  they did it to show that it was automatic and didn’t need winding.
Congratulations on 200k subs
Airking is my favorite Rolex by far! But that gold Yachtmaster is beautiful! (If pretty much financially unobtainable for me!) Don't like the green on the GMT. I'm left handed and have always worn my watch on the left hand, so crown switch makes no sense to me. Cheers!
Total waste of time, the whole sorry business. Rolex are an embarrassment. Announcing  updated watches, placing full page adverts in the Sunday broadsheets, all for products that are virtually unobtainable to the average Joe.
Being left handed and wearing my watch on my right hand,  I should be happy that Rolex made a "southpaw" watch . The thing is , I've been wearing my watches , cr I was up all my life . The only time that I tried a left handers watch,  I used a buddy of mine's Tudor Pelogos when diving for a weekend and just couldn't seem to feel as comfortable with it as I do with the regular crown placement. Although,  I've already called my AD and told him I'll take the first one they get in the door . Adrian,  have an awesome time there at Watches & Wonders . Hopefully I'll go next year . Great video. Thanx
I suggest "the green hornet" It has a good ring to it and it makes sense  The green for the green hornet and the black for his partner Kato
I agree that the changes on the Air King are all great ones, but it just feels underwhelming; they could've introduced a second dial color or something.
All of them are meh to me. Left handed GMT? Well, I’m left handed and wear my watches on my left wrist as do other left handed people I know.   Tudor releases? Meh as well to be honest. I was hoping for a BB58 GMT, not that chubby thing they released. I could possibly be tempted by a BB39, but only 2-tone? Nope.
All of them are meh to me. Left handed GMT? Well, I’m left handed and wear my watches on my left wrist as do other left handed people I know.   Tudor releases? Meh as well to be honest. I was hoping for a BB58 GMT, not that chubby thing they released. I could possibly be tempted by a BB39, but only 2-tone? Nope.
Has to be known at the Jake Tucker. 😂
So this new GMT ONLY comes lefty?
looking at watches that even if you have the money you cant get unless you pay ridiculous premium
The sprite destro does not make any strategic sense, except for the flippers. What I would like to see is an overhaul of the Cellini line. How about a dressy Cellini chronograph? Start taking market share away from its main competitors.
why do we let rolex get away with being lazy every year?
The new gmt should be called the green lantern, crap Movie for a crap watch we put to the side and forget about. I don't like it all going to the left.
Good way to keep people off waiting lists launch some fugley duff , don't really see anything nice, tudor yes.
Fantastic video. The GMT just looks wrong it’s like they made it and thought crap we have done it wrong
I wonder if the AirKing will have a crazy value in 20-30 years, simply because it’s kinda an oddball that doesn’t fit. Those outsiders are the ones that become popular much later on.  Also, I wonder if it does become extra valuable down the road, if the “5” or “pre 05” will be more or less desirable. Dot over 90 anyone?
That's all Rolex is. MASSIVE HYPE with a massive price tag to match. And horological sheeple like you fall for it, as you admit yourself at 0:20 .  Rolex is the Starbucks of watches.
Thanks for the content Adrian, nicely produced as always. Frankly, a short video is all you need when covering Rolex’s new releases because there’s just not that much to say. As for the left handed GMT, it looks very awkward.
What’s your thought about the green date just
Great now I have to pretend I'm left handed to try to get on the Sprite GMT list
Wowwwwwwwwww they added a "0" in front a "5" ??!!!
The GMT is for left-handed people
the new gmt will be called the roleft
So happy that I am ambidextrous
Rolex is increasingly one of the most boring watch brands in the world. “Trying to be fun” was an embarrassing attempt here.
What a mess are these Rolex changes. Unbelievably unreasonable. Looks like they think what else we can do to confuse our customers. We bet they will buy it all anyway.
Federico is right, they just turned the case upside-down… the date window gives it up. There’s no reason for it to be on the left as well. Batgirl owner here :)
Can we make a push that the nickname for the Green/black Rolex GMT should be the Green Goblin? All superhero names watches are right handed. Left should the the opposite/villains!
You know Rolex new releases are sad and disappointing when people start hyping the Air-King...
The GMT is hideous.... Still irrelevant as you won't be able to get one! Now where's my Moonswatch......
Why wouldn’t you mention the day date yellow gold green dial  ??
I really can't understand why people think the Air King looks balanced with dirty great 3/6/9 in between a numbering scheme of 5/10/20/25/35/40/50/55 ?  Surely the 3/6/9 belongs to the explorer or even the old OP's? Yes I know it used to be on old Air Kings too but as a differentiator, surely filling in the 3/6/9 with 15/30/45 would give the dial a more cohesive look and differentiate it from the explorer. As for the new lefty sub.. Every time i look at it, at a glance, it just looks like an upside down regular sub!
im so desperate i'd take the gmt with the crown on the left side at this point
This release taught me that even though I am left handed, I wear my watches on my left hand (which I thought was normal)
Looks like they made the new GMT for lefties.
As a leftie the greent lantern or riddler watch is amazing. Definitly my favourite release from Rolex since they went back to the 36mm explorer. And before that….
The new Rolex GMT, after the pepsi, the Batman it's now the green soylent... I guess... 🤨🧐🙀
Video turned out fantastic 😁👍🏼
Great round up
Gmt is so odd I like it gonna be low numbers and worth a small fortune in the future.....
Well I like change and I think this isn't enough
I think the riddler is a good name for it
Only the air king looks better.
The changes on the Air King or nice, really improve the watch.  Would I buy the new Air King, NO.   The green and black GMT Master 2 with the left mounted crown could be handy for a left-hander like my father, maybe; I wouldn't buy this watch either.  Unless there is a surprise Rolex video coming, it's a bit disappointing.  Maybe we will see something Rolex didn't display, who knows.  Thanks Adrian for the video!  Looking forward to Tudor releases at this point.
This is not a knock on this video (great job here!)….but I couldn’t care less about Rolex anymore.  The shenanigans they’ve been playing with the consumer has irrevocable turned me off to the brand.
Loving the new Air King. Neh to the rest.
Not a fan of that new GMT either would have been awesome the regular way
I don't really like anything from Rolex this time around. The ''new'' style Air King in my opinion has always been an ugly watch with a dial that it's own mother would give up. Discontinuing the Tiffany Blue is a bit of a shock.
The GMT Master 2 looks ridiculous. .
Buy the GMT and don't wear it. Keep that puppy in your safe 20 years. Thank me later!
Great info and review. Thanks. 👍
Not a fan of the new GMT!👎🏼 Maybe call it “the riddler” as it’s so odd😉🟢⚫️
Agreed! The subtle changes to the Air-King are great. It feels like a fully finished design now. I like it a lot. Now it’s just about the long wait to get one.
All I can say is Rolex is turning me off.
Air king looks so much better, and to many, yes the mint green dial just date is beautiful.
I believe the gmt left crown is for left handed people.
It seems that everyone missed the new Deep Sea Cameron....
Airking...looks awful. GMT is now backwards and uninspired......lame to the Nth degree Surly the backwards green GMT will be the HORNET?
Rolex as a name everyone knows of and yes there good watches  but to me there designs are dated,nothing exciting about them  ,a few of the omegas knock the socks off most of these rolexes.just hype which has sacked alot of people in.Rolex had a plan and it worked now everyone has gone crazy paying over last price.
The GMT looks strange
You left out the only really cool new watch they released; the white gold yacht master with the bedazzeled bezel.
IWC watches are more beautiful than Rolex watches
gmt is a shitter
The Tudor Pelagos LHD is a cool watch, the Rolex GMT green lefty looks awful. However, since it will never actually be in any AD near where I live and I have no chance of buying one, I really don't care one way or another. In fact everything about Rolex is irrelevant for me now since you cannot buy them unless you want to wait 5 years on a AD wait list or pay 3 times list from a flipper.
I’ll probably end up eating my words but I can’t see the new GMT being super popular on the grey market. It just looks odd and I suspect won’t therefore have mass market appeal
Air King looks refreshing….
New GMT - for the those of us  who wear their watch on the right hand …..
This lefty is happy with the new addition
Glad they didn’t discontinue the daydate olive green dial one
i like the IWC new releases a lot more than Rolex's .
Left handed crown and date  window should be called the ogre. Ugly. Why have crown guards on the air king? Meh....
For me, I think the oddest thing about the new GMT-MASTER II is the date window on the left!🤔 I guess it has to be but definitely looks odd! With that , I'll still buy it!
The air king is hideous. Period!
Adrian, would you buy the new “Sprite” GMT if you could get it at SRP / MSRP?
Name for the new GMT: Quasimodo.... or maybe its simply a slightly early Aprils fool thing....
The GMT should clearly be called the Goblin
For the airking I agree that is better than the previus one. But a GMT just for a very small fraction of the Rolex fans? My wife and my sister are lefthanded and they never complaibed about watches. In fact they don't have to deal with crowns making marks on the skin of their hand, because they ware normal watches on their right hand wrist and the crown of the watch is facing the other way. So why Rolex, why ??  Why also not doing both righthanded and lefthanded ?
So is GMT an initial release for actual left handers, and then right handed version comes out later to be even more unobtainable?
New Rolex GMT just looks odd.
Looking sharp Adrian!
That Rolex looks and feels cross eyed 😄
There must be some lefties in the senior ranks of Rolex. How else to explain the sudden appearance of a left-handed GMT? Or maybe when you’re out of ideas, you produce a left-handed version of a top seller. I can hear to CEO talking to his designer engineers. “Why not? Anybody have a better idea?” The Air King upgrade reminds me of the Explorer changes in the 124270/3. Rolex looked at every aspect of that watch and found ways to make incremental but significant changes that required tweaks, not major design changes. Like the new left-handed GMT, Rolex kept the actual changes to Air King to a minimum. Yet the watch design is much improved. The whole Air King line seems to have been resurrected in recent years and has now reached a new level of sophistication. Air King used to be one of the least expensive In the Rolex lineup. It did not achieve chronometer status until the 1990s I think. Incremental improvements without messing with the overall design has been the usual Rolex M.O. When was the last time Rolex announced an absolutely new design? The Yacht Master might be only new watch model in the last 50 years. The incremental direction of change, however, seems to be increasingly more bling, less tool-watch ethos. The Explorer, Milgauss and plain Datejust seem to be remnants of a past age but Rolex will pump life into them and these models will be sold out before they hit the shelves. Of course, we can’t buy these watches anyway so all the discussion is rather moot but fun anyway. Maybe we’re entering a post-consumer society in which we aspire to have the unobtainable. But hey, think of the money we save on watches.
You didn’t mention the new date just disks for the 31mm? The flowers with the diamonds in the middle look great. Good present for our wives!
LH GMT nuts, Airking cool. Great video Adrian, I'm looking forward to your Tudor assessment tomorrow. Have a good time in Switzerland!
What camera are you using to get this impressive image quality?
That GMT could be called the Ned Flanders, it wears green, it's odd and it's a lefty.
Man Omega are coming up on Rolex on the inside lane!!
Tudor Pelagos LHD has proved that even ppl who wear their watch on their left wrist will buy a quirky but interesting/cool LHD watch. I think the GMTII LHD is a clever move and a subtle nod to the OG and discontinued GMT II (Black/Green) - was there ever a nickname for that watch 🤔. Rolex niche filling, wonder what could be coming next?
"New Rolex GMT Master II Black and Green" - is The Riddler (yes, tough to pronounce, ie. not catchy, so it won't stick, but it matches the number of questions it raised in your mind)
Tudor Pelagos LHD has proved that even ppl who wear their watch on their left wrist will buy a quirky but interesting/cool watch. I think the GMTII LHD is a clever move and a subtle nod to the OG and discontinued GMT II (Black/Green) - was there ever a nickname for that watch 🤔. Rolex niche filling, wonder what could be coming next?
love the leftie
Green Lantern... hahaha
GMT Starbucks? Maybe
I like the new GMT COLORS wish they had a right handed model ! I like the fact someone called it The Riddler🧑‍🎤 since it’s kind of odd . Along with the Batman🦹‍♂️ ,and Batgirl 🦹‍♀️ its moniker would fit . Although I’m not sure Rolex would like it !
New GMT, nahh for me, looks just odd
I'm left handed and so wear my watches on the right wrist. I own the Pelagos LHD and love it, so was glad to see Rolex offering something in that category (not that I'll ever be able to get one), but the date on the left looks odd to me. It might have been ok with a regular date window, but the cyclops that close to the crown doesn't work for me. It really does make the watch look upside down, something the Pelagos avoids.
I like the new Loki 🍀😍 watch! Love it! 🖤💚
As expected, Rolex did nothing interesting.  Most boring and complacent company in the business.
Disappointed by both Rolex and Tudor this year
I wonder if the new AK has lume yet? Dumped my last one due to invisibility, just stupid.
The Monster, hideous…
GMT Pepsi is still best looking GMT in my opinion. Never been a fan of the Batman/Batgirl personally, would prefer the new Green bezel over that but just not in this left-hand crown config, agree with most others that it just doesn’t look right at all. No doubt a collectors piece, but would wear the Pepsi over this one all day, every day.
Rolex’s are like Range Rovers and TVs on the wall- ‘things that used to be posh that are now chav’ and for c*nts only, if I HAD to choose one, the Air-King… all day
Now moonswatch can easily sell 20pcs equal to one rolex and the fashion is better.
Gigantic yawn . . .
Has to be the laziest left hand version ever. Literally just mirrored the dial 😂 I can't even
Dial swap the new GMT to fix the date window, and Voila! Winner
What’s so hard to comprehend about a left handed watch ? I love it !
The GMT IS ODD!  The air king is better.
Boring, uninspired and not ground breaking as they say
Lets just get back down to earth.The watch is like a wheel. There is nothing more to do with the concept.Get that and realise its just a watch be it a tenner or twenty grand.I suspect its all about penis lengths for those that have smaller dicks that no longer stand on demand.?I wear a casio and thats fine.
I want one of those new Rolex Shrek GMTs 😁  I've always wanted to wear my watch on my right hand and now I have an excuse to do so 🙂
Swamp Creature / Swamp Thing work on the colourway for the GMT. :)
We will, we will watch you!
Bored as fuck
GMT "Robin"
The Air King almost looks decent now. Nice one.
That green lantern... Ugly
Obviously, this is the GMT Green Horner and the GMT black-black-black is its side-kick, the GMT Gato.
As a southpaw, I love the GMT. It makes sense to me 👍
The Riddler. Why?? Ok for people who wear their watches on the right wrist but is there many of those people? Enough to have a new line for? What if you’re a normal left wrist wearer? Bizarre!! I like the airking now.  Day date is class.
Discontinuing the yellow 36mm OP physically pains me. I don’t understand the LHD GMT either 🥴
Agree. The Air King looks beefier and yes more purposeful. I like it especially the 05! The new GMT to me looks like a gimmick. Do not like the crown on the left hand side. These changes don’t enhance the a watch in the professional series classification. I am not on the fence: I don’t like it. Others I am sure won’t agree.
Well, it's obvious why they've made the dial arse  about face. It's for Left handed folks or those wearing on the right wrist, which is far more natural for a left hooker anyway. Rolex do not do "fun", they want this on celebrity wrists. I've got mine on order.
GMT Heineken 😜
Not that we will be seeing or buying them
The new GMT does look backwards. Anyone who where’s watches on the right wrist even wear this?
Rolex has once again underwhelmed. Their staples will always be the berries over anything else they do.
You need a shave boss
First ever public lefty Rolex EVER … of course I want one … this is a future collectible
Not really exciting this year's release. More little variations of the same old same old..
The new GMT left handed, should be called the Rolex Dunkin Donuts
i love the new GMT. So far it doesnt seem to be getting love but neither did the new sub when they released it. Frankly it doesnt matter what people think Its not going to make it any easier to get. At this point I think people keep thinking rolex is going to do something to counteract the destain most people have but they dont need to do anything at all. What would happen if they didnt come out with a new watch at all? Absolutely nothing.
I like the colour combo of the GMT, but would of preferred it had the crown and date window been where is usually is.   Still want it though.
Honestly, rolex bothers me less than the gasprices and I drive electric
Good job. I really loved your video that makes lots of senses.
I don't like any of the Rolex novelties... nothing is really WOW in there. I was expecting a titanium Yacht Master which would have been so much more interesting to me and I believe to many others too. I would love to see Rolex making a titanium model of each of their sports watches. So for now I am happy with my Omega Seamaster 007 titanium which I have ordered as my 2022 birthday present to myself.
The ugly air king lives another day,unbelievable!,blah blah,platinum etc,yawn, awful LHD GMT,what a joke.
Maybe "After Eight"? It's green and the date is after eight o'clock.
Congrats mate for the 200k subscribers !!!!
The new GMT should be called the Ned Flanders. Same color as his shirt and it’s left handed lol
200k subscribers 👍
They brought the “Swiss 👑 made” nomenclature down to the edge of the dial on the Air king and it makes a big difference to balance
CONGRATS ON 200k SUBS ADRIAN!!! 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
The GMT wouldn’t be so odd looking if they spent some time in development and moved the date to 3 o’clock. It just looks so busy on the left side of the watch because of the crown and cyclops. It’s just weird, I don’t know. Funny how it looks fine on the normal model, despite cyclops and crown being on the right side. Hard to put my finger on this one …
Is the new airking thinner ?
The new GMT needs to be called The Riddler
Highlight of this video 1:10 'they added a zero to the first five'....tells a lot about Rolex
The Moonswatch release just bodyslammwd the whole watches and wonders ….Rolexes releases were welcomed like the left handed GMT release ..A dud
I've found something I dislike more than the cyclops, it's the left side cyclops.  Regarding the Air-King, personally I just don't get it. For their "predictions" Monochrome did some renders of a back to the roots version and it is stellar.
the gmt is fugly lol
Glad the Airking has not been discontinued as it’s one of the few I like. Have to agree that video quality, pics and everything else is right up there Adrian to the usual B&J standards. Thanks for taking the time to do this, must be tempting to just run around like a kid in a sweet shop! 😆
I look at the Air King and see what the Explorer should have become. 😢
Trash GMT, Rolex being lazy !
That GMT Master is also great news for right-handed Apple Watch users ;)
Agree 100% thar Air King improved massively and probably is the best Rolex release for me this year. The Green Lantern is way too odd looks almost like a joke. Or a statement that in these crazy times where after pandemic we are at the brink of the third world war, anything is possible and even Rolex can do crazy stuff. Golden Yahtmaster OK nice but not more. Platinum Day date, I don’t comment watches that have “price upon request” tags. Tudor is much more interesting for me. The black bay professional has a potential to be the perfect tool watch with a really good price tag and improved bracelet, the only potential issue the thickness. Root Beer Lite might be the most interesting release for me but I need to see the bezel in person.
Green goblin 💯
Another person that loves the air king most, underrated
They should calm the new GMT the poison ivy
Does the new Air King bring up the value of the old AK more of less.
The Air King looks like Christmas… it’s silly and wished it was scraped and re-done like the ones pre-1970s… 🤷🏻‍♂️
Green GMT is the "Steve McGreen" (left handed, famously wore his Submariner on his right wrist, if this appeared during his lifetime, he would have acquired one)
Air king does look better, day date looks amazing. Colour combo on the new GMT is cool, but I’m also perplexed by the crown and date window on the left, it looks weird. Having said that, it’s also cool to offer something different, maybe for those who wear their piece on their right hand. Wondering why I’ve seen a few images with the Sea Dweller and Deepsea as if they’ve been discontinued, any news around that?
Nice review of Rolex releases
What's that new submariner called as? Half batam half hulk ,bat-hulk
The GMT is called the peter pan
This Air King is actually a GMT with slightly reworked dial and a smooth bezel.
going posh...
Adrian the Air King is Ace 😍 💕👌
The Air King looks like a pimped out Explorer.  Still has too much green, but the layout works. Perfect for a stylish, color blind buyer with OCD. Then again, no one can get the Air King either, so what else you got?
I'm underwhelmed with rolex stuff. They aren't the same.  But they have the name.
I'll leave the AK commentary to the AK haters of which I am not one, except to say that it seems the things they disliked about it are still there. The lefty GMT Master? Well there are left handed travelers, so a left crown is logical. As far as the cheeky left side date, well it was sitting next to a Milgauss in that case. The Milgauss is meant to be a little cheeky as well, so maybe they were signaling something there.
GMT Popeye!?
As a left handed person that wears there watch on there right hand, the gmt actually makes a lot of sense for me. The date window and crown is facing the same way that a watches would normally face on a righthanded wearer. Plus love the green... I'll be putting my name down for one (whether it'll ever land or not is another question 😂)
That green lantern joke had me weak😭😭
Next iteration on the Air King in 10 years time: adding zeros to 3/6/9 to really make the dial symmetrical.
Fairly tame from rolex then. I guess it'd need to be given they can't fulfil their current order book. The riddler is a hard pass for me although I hope lefties get amongst them quickly.
Just call the new GMT, “LEFTY!”
The perfect nickname for this green-black GMT witch leaves you with the question mark over your head? Perhaps... The Riddler? ;)
Originally I thought 'Green Lantern' when I saw your mock-up, now after it's been released and we've actually seen it I think the 'Lettuce' is more appropriate (Sounds a bit like 'Lefty', is green and is totally pointless (unless it's in a BLT)).
New GMT should be called the riddler
As a left hander I will try my best to buy the new gmt, it really bugs me having the lugs/crown guards diggin into my hand all day.
Agree about the Air King - absolutely love it, and am so glad that I didn’t manage to get my hands on the previous iteration of it. The left-hand drive GMT? Already people are referring to it as “The Skoda” 🤣🤣
LOVE this kind of press conference news style of videos! Makes the video different from the others. Makes sense to do it here so the viewer gets the vibe of the place/event and not it the hotel/studio room. Go Jack!
They call it "The Lefty".
I lost interest in Rolex due to the mark ups. Can’t even buy one from AD. I can’t idk respect it?
New gmt could be called the Xbox or the nvidia. Both black & green
Nothing new then from Rolex 🤣😂👍 can you get one no only on the grey market 🤣🤣😂🤣
Agree with you on the air king, but the “Sprite” not a big fan.  And i just can’t afford the all platinum day/date with the fluted bezel…
Not having that new GMT. I understand it’s an important release being a LHD. I respect that but it looks odd. Green to represent day time? Great video Adrian. Enjoy the show.
What about Rolex Clitoris? Because every c..t has one
Hey Adrian, great channel, love the content! Are those a couple of Milgauss in the display cabinet? Have they had an update after the rumours of discontinuation? Oh and by the way the new left handed date window goes like very strange IMO
Loved the green color on GMT but just hated so bad the wrong side, hated!
Thanks 🙏 wahoooo 199k subs matey 👏👏👏
Green Left  GMT is the true Starbucks. Because most employees are politically leftists 😜
The LHD Sprite GMT is lame.  The new AK is just slightly less ugly than the old AK.  The platinum Day Date is awesome, and the new mint green dial looks good on the DJ36.
Looking sharp, sir! Look forward to more W&W vids 📹
Really a Fligher watch with crown guards like a sub??? No!!, there is no good novelties from Rolex and the new Riddler is too bizarre and just for hand left wearers. Tudor again make the good stuff and nailing it.
GMT 2 looks odd. The crown and bubble don’t belong that side. I’m pretty sure that’s the first commercial watch that has a date at the 9?
I think the new GMT is designed for airline captains. You fly as a captain from the left side of the cockpit using your left hand on the yoke. This means your right hand and right wrist are “free” much easier telling the time using that free right wrist. So there! 10% of the population and commercial pilot captains! Motivation solved! Thank you and goodnight! Ps, I like the Air King now! And I’m a pilot and it’s a pilot watch and it’ll be marginally more obtainable than the Starbucks GMT
one day everyone will want that one left-handed GMT.. like the nautilus or the Daytona, or the milgauss.. nobody loved it first and now it's the cool watch
If your left handed wow 🤩 ! If you love watches & you’ve lost ya left arm! Now you can have a Rolex that fits!👍🏻
Rolex offerings, frankly bovine faeces.  Moonswatch, canine testes
How about "Port" for the new GMT, because the crown and date window are on the left?
GMT is disappointing
I really don't like the LHD thing on the new GMT Master II, but I do like the colour scheme. I have heard it being nicknamed the "Skoda" which, although it has made me chuckle, I'm not sure it's quite the image Rolex had in mind.
I will call the GMT the Mountain Dew
Adrian, the Datejust 41 now available with the bright blue dial  with fluted motif is a welcome addition⌚
Being left handed it great fo have a watch fir us.....amazes me the amount of right handed people complaining when we've had to wear right handed watches on our right wrist all our lives. One Rolex does it the other way and they moan. Would love to get one but know the reality is still that right handed flippers will buy and flip for ridiculous figures!!!!
I love the new Air-King. The so called subtle changes, tweaks, and updates to the watch just makes it for me. The crown guards, the long awaited oyster lock clasp, and keep it at 40MM. All adds up to making it the ultimate daily Rolex.
The gmt should be named the Ned Flanders… it should be a Leftorium exclusive
I prefer Tudor. The drama of Rolex is wearisome and some of the designs are too lustrous.
That GMT should be called the Ruby Sue after Uncle Eddy’s cross eyed daughter !
Jacket or suit? Nice shade of blue
Disappointment just like every year, that new GMT looks horrendous.
Air King looks ace. Thanks for the vid Adrian - enjoy the show!
I simply don't understand why they made the GMT a lefty...just strange.  Love the bezel though. Really like the Air King changes, amazing what a little symmetry can do!
The GMT is for right-handed wearers. I won’t buy it because I wear watches on my left wrist.
Meh.....if your left handed the new gmt may be a great choice for you...youd need to look hard to spot the air king changes...
If nobody can buy one - does it even matter? Do they even exist??
Why watchmakers use such an ugly shade of green? Apple can select much better colors.
Love the AirKing. The GMT looks like a mistake. I’m calling it “Grimhilde”
You need to be left handed. An oppressed left hander #woke
1 year waiting for the OP and now it’s discontinued. Thank you very much Rolex. This company really knows how to piss customers off.
I think the left hand GMT is targeted straight at speculative collectors. Early collectors are going to buy this one assuming it won't sell very well and will become highly collectible in a few decades because there are so few of them.
I think a fitting name for a new GMT Master II is “flipper”.  Sides are flipped and only flippers would buy it at retail. I'm happy they didn't discontinue the Millgauss. I'm disappointed they did not update it instead of Air King.  I think the 36mm datejust blue flowers with diamonds looks killer.
Absolutely agree. That airking finally really catches the eye.
I like left hand crown  but don’t like the left hand date.
all dressed up Adrian !  on the AIR KING - agree the '05' makes a nice balance. the crown under the '12' looks a wee bit larger, stands out. the GMT  green/black 9 o clock crown/ cyclops , kinda makes me dizzy.  TUDOR PELAGOS blue offered a 'left handed crown'  when I purchased mine , but that wasn't the LEAD example.   enjoy WW . ~ JDS/CT
I never understood why they didn’t call the Air King the Speed King, but there you go. The left handed GMT is just bizarre.
Can I suggest the name "Ned Flanders" for the new GMT. Both for the green colour and the left handedness.
Not a fan of that GMT.  I agree, it looks odd.
What is the point of new Rolex releases if you can't get them?
Are your  Bark and Jack nato straps waterproof?
Going to the AD tomorrow to pick up an explorer.  Ill be checking if they prioritize lefties for the new GMT.
In the space of one week we have witnessed the overwhelming excitement of the Speedmaster with Swatch and the underwhelming releases of Rolex and YOU CAN NOT GET THEM. What is the point?
The Riddler is an enigma..... Like, were lefties demanding a watch they can't actually buy?? bizarre
it looks odd, but i think will look awesome on the wrong (right) hand!!!
I love the old air king 116900. Just think its quirks like the 5 rather than 05 give it some identity. Shame they changed it but can understand that rolex is all about uniformity. Would love to see it in a 34mm or even a 36mm as a his and hers range
The AK dial is too busy.  It is, first and foremost, a watch.  It should be legible.
GMT II is very peculiar. I mean why? Air king is nice, but shrug. So many other nice things!
The new GMT is ‘The Riddler’ as it’s left us all trying to figure it out - is this a Riddle of more riddles to come? 😀
Our man on the inside 👏🏽👏🏽 Great vid.   That GMT Hurts my OCD 🫣
Adrian, your previous comments about wanting Rolex to concentrate on production rather than new models are well founded and fully warranted after today.  The new GMT is embarrassing; how funny that Omega / Swatch with their small plastic speedmaster lookalikes have upstaged Rolex in the PR stakes.
Hilarious hearing you say you love the ugliest Rollie ever. The air king is still the most hideous offering in the entire Rolex/Tudor family…continuing to beat out the P01. And to think we all thought it was about to be put out of its misery.
I am with you on the Air-King, looks great - Simple & elegant
green arrow... ;)
Glad u made the trip. Have a blast
GMT looks odd, colour combination is very good on bezel but date shifted on left side looks very odd May be if you wear on right hand
Im lefthanded, i like green. Lets go wit that gmt!
Tudor way better than Rolex, like always.
First thing I thought of when seeing the new GMT: Starbucks GMT
I like the air king but unwilling to have to beg authorised dealers to allow me to buy one.
Does seeing Adrian in a sports coat make anyone else uncomfortable? T-shirt and jeans should be allowed attire at Watches and Wonders!
The fact that everyone is ambiguous on the lefty gmt is giving me explorer two tone vibes, when everyone’s hating on it I’m like “Now I’m interested!”.
Everyone slept on the previous platinum blue dial Day Date, that textured dial was incredible. Miles better than this new iteration.
Love the new additions. Especially that new GMT, what will the nickname be lol?
It looks the midcase got thinned down from the previous version which is a welcome change. Hard to tell if the crystal features anti-reflective coating underneath but that'd be a nice change as well.
It’s vaporware for most of us anyway 🤷🏻‍♂️
Love the new air king
The Air King is such a pointless watch now. Beef it up with the crown guards/diver style case even though it isn’t a diver; inspiration from the blood hound jet car which they’re no longer affiliated with. Literally has such a confused/no identity. Should have been scrapped IMO
Maybe Rolex was accomodating right arm watch wearers with the crown on the left side
The Olive Dial Datejust is the sleeper hit of 2022. At 41 on the oyster it is really good.
Apparently you have to truly be left handed to be on the list for the new GMT. They even do tests in store - reaction time, writing etc.
Gee, Adrian is wearing a clean shirt. Must have been an important meeting.
My brother called the new GMT "The Riddler" and I can't stop calling it that now. With one nicknamed the Batman and it being a little wild going leftie I think it's a great fit.   As a leftie I appreciate them looking out for us, but agree that it's strange to only offer it that way.
I like the colourway of the new Rolex 7-Up/Sprite GMT, but making it predominantly appeal to only 10% of the population (left-handed) is a curious move. I'm sure collectors will jump on them, but for me it would look and feel just too awkward being right-handed. No doubt a traditional configuration may follow .... thoughts?
Air king is still fugly, no saving that. DJ41 with fluted blue or green dial is excellent.
Air-King....it’s a the same ugly watch with added lume so you can that terrible dial at night.
now everyone turns their rolex left handed🤣🤣🤣
Rolex is shitting the bed the last few years. Says a lot. Defeated by a plastic Speedy.
Love to Watch & Wonder 🌟
Every time I see the GMT, I do feel like it's just upside down.  The AK changes are nice - I wish the numerals were all lumed.  It's nice that the 3, 6, and 9 are lumed now, but come on... a professional model should have lumed markers. I've always liked the AK though, even the first iteration of it. This definitely looks like an improvement.
Same thoughts: the airking is kind of my fav release from Rolex this year! :)
no one wanted a revamped airking, they wanted a revamped milgaus with a slimmer case. Imagine they brought back the white dial milgause with a few mm slimmer in all dimentions. THAT would be incredible.
I realize I'm the only one that thinks this, but the green left handed is my favorite Rolex GMT of the modern range.  I'm into it, much more than the Tudor releases this year which felt meh to me.
Hi Adrian, I'd love know/see more about your time at W&W. Love your content but lets be honest, getting to W&W for most of us is more unlikely than owning a Riddler !
where's Paul Thorpe ??
Not a fan of the LHD GMT, but even without it - the colorway doesn’t excite me enough to want to buy it.
I have the previous Air King. Love the green & yellow the dial. It's gorgeous in the sun light. The things that I didn't like were the non lumed indices & the lack of safety clasp that the Explorer did have. Now that it does have it.....I want this new AK too. The subtle improvements (including the 05) make this the best release & it means they actually listened to their customers and instead of discontinuing it.....it looks like the AK is front & centre & getting a push.
With the GMTs quirkiness and massive question marks around it surely its the RIDDLER? Heard it here first.
Name of gmt should be ”green goblin”
I wouldn't touch that GMT with a stick.
Another great video Adrian. That GMT is a hard pass for me! Tudor killed it with their Pro.
Great coverage!
What about new DJ ¿
That GMT.....oh dear!
Airking is a parts bin special. … bstrd love child of a ménage involving an Explorer I, a Sub and an Airking. It looks even more odd now it’s in a professional case that has no bezel to speak of … odd, just odd.  The GMT? That’s a whole new level of odd.
Call it “The Joker” because it’s a joke…and the colors.
Who cares what was discontinued if you can't buy the GD things anyhow?
It’s got to be The Riddler!
GMT you can only were it in a mirror.
I’ll stick with my GMT Pepsi Oyster from 2021 I’m a fan of The GMT but I won’t be buying the new Release for lefty
Gmt is a disaster in lhd......this should of been a variation not a specific model  shame....love the bezel
That's some ugly watch.
So did an apprentice come up with that GMT…”hey guys look what we gonna do with all those messed up GMT’s!” Sod it charge a fortune and tell everyone they’re for lefties.  Think it looks as odd as f👻💩k
The Riddler…
Love the new Air King…don’t know what they were thinking with the new GMT!?
Thank you so much for posting the Rolex vid first.... Now, looking forward to seeing some video of the new JLC releases, and definitely more IWC.... Hate to say Zenith have copied Rolex.... But they have...
No new movement for the Milgauss, but still in the range. What do you reckon?
Maybe the GMT is for left handed people?  I'm not loving it either.
I have a 2021 platinum day date with the diamond markers and man I wish it was the fluted bezel now.  Looks so much better than my domed
I do have a lefty Oris. I quite like it as the crown do not dig in to the back of your hand if you bend backwards
Regarding this GMT, when real ones look more and more to fake ones.... it used to be the opposite in the past.....
New sub can be called the riddler, left handed and green
Air-King yes, lefty GMT no
Some boring and some straight ugly…
The Rolex website refers massively about the Airing and its Aviation connection there is no mention of the Bloodhound car that you and some others have mentioned. Perhaps its just the dial that references that car but no mention from Rolex that I could see?
as a lefty. this is not it.
Hey Adrian, there's also a new Datejust 41mm in a 'mint Green' fluted dial that a lot of people seem to have missed. Was that displayed at W&W perchance? Thanks for all your awesome content btw, I love your channel! :)
Smack on about the hype, anticipation and sorry to say, disappointment.
it's a left handed watch, wtf is so controversial or weird, odd or even "playfful/whimsical" about that??
The Ned Flanders.
What happens to my current AirKings price now..  anyway name down for the new one
Looking sharp in that jacket Adrian
The LeftMT is an oddball but look at that airking absolutely stunning I have the 2016 looks like I am going to have to remortgage my house. Again!!! Damn Rolex and your tasty watches
It should be easy to get a new left handed watch since most people are right handed.
It says something when the Air king is your favourite release 🤦🏻‍♂️ the upside down thing is a dog 🐕 it makes my brain 🧠 hurt. Now lot’s of people who wear their watch on their right wrist can wait for a watch they will never get along with the rest of us.
3:13 looks more like The Shrek
"It looks like it's been put in the display case upside down." 👏🤣🤣🤣 Brilliant Adrian!
I love the new GMT. I’m left handed and prefer this type of watch like the Tudor Pelegos… only difference is I will never own one because I will not be able to get it from an AD and I won’t be able to afford the £50k+ grey market cost I think it will demand 🥴
The LHD is a vanity project by a left handed rolex executive
Adrian in a shirt and a blazer? Looks good, but also a bit weird 😁
The GMT Riddler, to complement the Batman
The wait for a TT Milgauss goes on.
I agree with you Adrian. Not digging the GMT at all with L. sided date and crown. Not sure why they would chose a highly popular green addition to have their fun. Would have made more sense with another model. I just don't get it. Honestly I am a bit underwhelmed with Tudor as well. Seems like everything is just another black dial watch.
I guess they can't perfect the Black and Red colors on the ceramic bezel for the GMT. And they didn't upgrade the case to the 41mm like the Sub. This new black and green GMT is a freak show for conservative Rolex. I think it's horrible.
*WHY ARE THEY SO HARD TO GET!?!*
GMT Leftie! I’ll call it that.
Yeah I hear ya,...I was all over that GMT then realised that the crown was opposite and then the date window. I like the colour but I'd never get used to wearing on right wrist. 🤔Hmmm ... I'm undecided... If I got a call id buy it yes of cause but.......errmm yeah okay I like it. 🤦
I'm sure you've heard "The Starbucks" being thrown around for the GMT. Seems appropriate since, conceptually, that left-side date feels a bit over-roasted.
Wish they had listened to you and done nothing.  AK case very cool
Rolex isn't fun. Never-ending waitlists aren't fun. Rolex releasing a "fun" model seems kinda sinister,  like the man who murdered your parents dressing up like a clown and coming back to kill you. Maybe this one should be called "the Joker".
Alright China, get to copying.
I’m sorry Adrian, the air king is so boring, it’s plain uninspiring, where’s the styling.
As someone trying to get a 36mm OP in Silver or Blue the most exciting news for me is the discontinuation of some of the other OP colors haha
The LHD GMT looks like a bad upside-down Photoshop. Watch it sell for 3 times retail.
As a leftie, I'd get the left handed GMT just so I could experience a watch the way everybody else does. But I can't get it. And the color doesn't do it for me. So whatever.
Why go to the Rolex hype site? It's not like anybody can buy one?
You said what I said... GMT feels like it's upsidedown
How do you skimp on new product design costs? Put the dial and bezel on upside down.
The new GMT just looks wrong, I totally agree with you, very odd.
lume on 3 6 9 on the air king for those who cant buy the 39mm explorer new anymore.
Douche boring Rolex in action yawn! No one noticed 😂
The GMT is definitely odd looking. I suspect if they launched that bezel in the traditional variation (ie. crown on the right side), the demand for that watch would have been outrageous which would have further fuelled the dissatisfaction from those who weren’t able to get one at retail
I agree the Air-king with its raft of small changes makes it a really good proposition. Still undecided on the GMT, it looks all wrong, however I'm sure the demand and pricing will be sky high.
The Riddler
At first thanks for sharing from Geneva. "Robin" would be an adquvate name for the GMT, especially as there is already the batman. Besides that, to me the new Airking is also the top release from Rolex this year, maybe from the whole event. Because its just the kind of watch I like to wear daily. Small, sporty steelwatch.
Agreed.. the Airking was interesting, but now it's fantastic.... 3 year waiting list? It wouldn't surprise me one bit EDIT: OP yellow and red gone! Is the green 36mm next? Nooooo! I've been on the wait list for ages! The GMT should have been an option of both left and right...
It's The Snot. Green and horrid anywhere where you can see it. It's The Snot.
Re: the Air King…yes, inspired by the Blood Hound. But it’s really a Flieger ‘B’ dial, right? Makes perfect sense.
I don’t get the GMT either. I simply wouldn’t wear it.
Incredible how till now the best and most exciting release of 2022 is still the moonswatch
Or we do some advertisement and call it the   7 11 Sprite ;-)
Could you please say if it possible to replace a bezel for left handed gmt master ii? I mean, if I buy original parts - pepsi bezel and red hand. Is it possible to watchmaker to replace it for left-handed gmt master? I am left-handed and I love red-blue colour combination, so only buy Rolex if this scenario is possible. Thanks!
That gmt would have looked so good if it weren’t backwards, I’m a open minded guy and I don’t mind change, but I don’t like it at all
Great video as ever. I think it's clearly for left handed people so if you can find one in Geneva ask them what they think. It's a clear target market.  As for the colour, it looks very Irish to me. I think it should be called the lemming.
Didn't like the initial photos but that thumbnail image of thr LH GMT looks great. Can see this watch growing on a lot of people after seeing in person.
Already read The Loki, The Green Hornet, The Sprite
All the way to Geneva just to see that dross. Geez. Still, it coaxed you out of grey for a day, and I'm very pleased about that.  That's a Teddy-esque level of wardrobe detailing. Capital.
Well done Adrian. You are up there in my opinion with the higher echelon of watch reviewers. I too am a bit undecided on the GMT. I would get it for the fun factor. Different colour and the LHD aspect. Always look forward to your reviews sir. Fun as always. Looking forward to tomorrow.
I like "the joker" for the new GMT nickname
Will there be a new Datejust?
Adrian - looking at the 40mm Air King case and the familiar 3, 6 & 9 do you think this points to a new 40mm Explorer 1 in the pipeline?🤔
Good to see the platinum day date back in 36mm
New GMT is off-putting and green/black... The Riddler.
Solid video adrian! Not everyone would be able to pull this of in the middle of a show.  The gmt is really odd…
I’ve heard a few different times the new lefty GMT being called the Riddler , Batman’s enemy and I like it, it works! I am also left handed so sign me up baby
It's like Rolex listens to their customers all year long, considers what they want to see, and then takes a giant shit on everyone and releases a bunch of watches that nobody wants.
Last year at Rolex headquarter…  Manager: we need a big innovation for the new GMT. Designer: we make the bezel black and …green! Manager: hmmm. Ok. Sounds boring. Something else ? Designer: …we can make crown and date window lefthanded.  Manager: ugh.. That is totally stupid! What is it good for ? Designer: there is no benefit at all. But people will massively talk about it. Manager: ok. Do it.
A lhd Pelagos gmt next 😂. And more inspiration for the seiko mod community. I love it 😍
Best quality picture/recording I have seen all day. 1440p up close and personal. Adrian knows finer detail matters. Keep content coming. Enjoy your time there 👍
Not a fan on the GMT...
The new GMT Master II is: Bullsh*it! That‘s it! 😅🤷🏻‍♂️
The GMT movement has a reversed date wheel so it can be on the left!
being a leftie , I appreciate the new GMT...
Like the Rolex stand behind - amazing
Can't wait for the Tudor pro hands on review. 🤩
Black and green? Rolex _"Starbucks"_ .
Is anybody there apart from Rolex ?
the Riddler should be the GMT's name
Great vid!  Long live the Air-king!
It will be great for left handed people. I am not but I love the look, I am sure next year they will swap it around and these will be $35,000+ on the secondhand market
Loving all the GMT hate. More please. I’m a leftie and this release couldn’t be more fun today!!  Green Hornet all the way!  Here’s my prediction: after the obvious haters settle down they will realize that Rolex just made a one off unique model. It won’t last for many years. But it will always be a special one. Folks complain about Rolex being stodgy but every time they veer from the norm they complain again because they didn’t get what they wanted but got what Rolex thought was best.   These guys obviously know exactly what they are doing and continue to do it well. Who discontinues a popular model line like the colorful pieces in the Op line?
The Riddler for sure.  I mean green and why???
Believe it or not 10% of people are left handed—I also believe the CEO of Rolex is left handed.
Love the new GMT colours, and even the LHD crown, but the 9 o clock date is just weird. The Air King has finally been released as it should have been in 2016…only problem is that it’s 8 years too late. That dial is in reality now defunct from its original purpose. With the upgraded case and movement however it’s easy for Rolex to slide a different dial in next year
The new GMT needs to be call the Absinth. Or the green fairy.
The GMT is the starbucks
The Green hornet GMT
Left handed green and black GMT MII on a Jubilee … insane! I bet this will be the most sought after Rolex for years to come. Personally I’d sell a few of my other Rolex to own one. For me - love at first sight. ❤️❤️❤️
Green Lantern Noooooo
Beard looks good man, you look sharp! Thanks for the udate. Got my new Tudor BB S&G thanks to your vids.
The new Yacht Masters are more exciting than the GMT to me. The GMT feels kinda gimmicky.
Love your delivery. The perfect blend of fact, comedy and smoothness. 👌🏻
I'd call the new GMT the "Monster" (energy drink)
Naaaaaaaahhhh
That Air-King is just great! The way it should have always been!
Day date is cool, the rest is meh
I like the destro style, the date on the left is weird… but I like that. I’d pick it up, if I could.
Thanks Adrian. Not sure I like it either. Reminds me of Oscar the Grouch 😂. Always loved the AirKing and agree. Looks MUCH cleaner and elegant I guess. Thanks for the update and look forward to tomorrow. The⏱👨‍⚕️
Adrian always at the TOP! Love your videos
The left side GMT confuses the hell out of my brain, I do like the green though
The motivation is to sell to people who want to wear 2 Rolexes at once. The end.
Omega doing something fun: "We should make a plastic version of our best seller so people will go wild" Rolex doing something fun: "We'll spin the dial around so people will go wild"  New Tudor looks great though 👌
It's strange seeing you in a suit 🧐
The GMT would look better in blue and green instead of the black
I don’t like the new GMT, however in the begging it’s going to trade at 3-4x the retail price but then it’s going to come down. There is no intrinsic value on a piece like that. Just my opinion
Rolex never fails to deliver the yaaaawwwwnnns.
2022: I’m more excited about a Swatch than I am about any Rolex.
Disappointed with the gmt, I’ll stick with last years models.
The problem with the previous air king wasn't the case design. The GMT is more interesting, the crown on the SS sports models always dig into my wrist. A leftie design solves this
Ah that left handed watch is genius, it's executed much better than the Citizen version from 10 years ago.
Dressing to impress 👀
2:40 ‘ahh sod it it’s only Rolex’ 🤣
👍🏾📺📌
🥂👍let's seee
Finally!
Superb
First again
