What do you think of the start of the castle??
:-
1:45 “I’m good at reading”     S u r e  y o u  a r e
Awwwwe I heard what I assume was Jellie in the background.  11:54
Recently started watching Hermitcraft. Enjoying this series! :)
I trust scar
#iTrustScar
Scar, of course we trust you! There's no need to rush to finish a build in one episode!
Help why did i say *wow scar you say amazing weird* everytime scar says "amazing" -
I know i'm 9 months late. But, i trust scar! Then! Now! And always!
I trust Scar 😊❤
EVERY TIME!!!! every time I watch your videos I’m just SHOCKED by how much building you get done. Like it’s insane, and your in survival!?!? Props to you scar!!
FPOV (false point of view, something I made up to write when I want to write something that never happened to me): you try to build the same kind of castle like Scar did start, but before the caves and cliffs updates💀
I'm a lil bit late but. I BELIEVE IN SCAR! Always and forever!
I know I’m late but I trust scar
I trust you, scar!
i trust you scar
GOATSQUAD SCAR
I trust Scar to finish a build more than I trust myself
I don't trust scar
I swear. The hermits make temporary stuff that’s better than my permanent stuff by miles.
Yes, todlers yes.
I trust Scar
Beautiful work! Of course we trust you.
I trust scar
He rlly said poikman😂
nothin like hearing those jellie meows!
In Scar we trust! You are an absolutely incredible builder and it's been a joy to watch this season progress (even if I did just start watch this season a month ago ;)
Pokemon 😂👍
We trust scar!
I trust scat
I trsut Scar :D || i was right to trust you omg it looks so good so far???? /gen /srs
Yes... chicken jockeys are indeed accurate to toddlers
I trust scar!  I don't things have to get done all at once, it's a series so  that we can  see progress,  it doesn't have to be self contained in each episode,  in my opinion.
Great vids, Happy to see progress on the castle keep up pleasing us Scar. : D
Can anyone else hear jelly meowing in the background at 12:09 ? xD
I trust scar :) I can't wait to see everything you're going to do!
5:52 AQUA SCARRR
I trust scar
eye of sauron??
12:14  18:46
I trust scar
I trust scar
we all trust you (: Scar well I hope we do
I trust scar!
I trust Scar
I trust scar
In scar we trust
I trust scar
of course i trust you, Scar. _why wouldn't i?_
I always trust Scar!!!!
I trust scar
i trust scar
SCAR!!! the castle is looking incredible
I trust Scar! Everytime!
I trust scar😊
so proud of you scar! take all the time you need. we love you scar ❤️
Scar, I trust you! This castle will look amazing when it's done and as it's being built. I liked the mix of elven twirls and super fast build mode!
Love your videos Scar! I always learn something new build-wise.  (Miss your building tutorials)  The use of walls + acacia as inset details? GENIUS! <3
Pls stop saying Pokeman 😞
Ok so I love the start of your castle and I always know that you are going to finish your builds do trust in scar I will and I've said it once and if I have to I will say it a thousand times your super fast build mode is the best
You got it Scar, I trust you for the castle, it will be amazing !
I trust Scar !!!!!! 100%
I trust you scar!
I trust you, Scar!
I trust Scar! (and everyone else! finishing mega builds in one episode is unrealistic!)
*The tide is rising...*
9:32, Ah yes, these walls are made of walls.
I actuallay think it would be great to split such large builds into multiple episodes. That also shows how much work goes into it. And also would allow you to show us more details.  Castle looks great 😳😳  #inscarwetrust
i trust scar
I trust scar
I trust scar
I was born in 2010!😂(sorry scar, your young)❤❤
That castle is just amazing! It's incredible how you timelapse entire builds into one video like that. :D  But more seriously, it's an amazing start and I'd never have gotten that far. I can't wait to see it be continued.
I trust Scar.
I trust Scar 🙂
scar its marvel snap not pokimane snap
congrats SCAR on 2 mil
Great Video Scar I Love it Keep Up The Good Work
I'm actually glad you haven't posted another episode yet because I just played catch up
I TRUST SCAR!!!
i trust scar
I trust scar
i trust scar
Once you get the dragon, you gotta name it “Figment”
We all trust you Scar!!!!❤
9:30 hmmm yes these walls are made out of wall
I always trust scar...except with a bow, or tnt.
I ALWAYS trust Scar! Except to give back lives or hats.
3 weeks late, but I trust that you already did good
i trust scar!!!
I trust scar
Come on guys!! We gotta get Scar to 2million subs!! <33
I fully trust scar, scar you got this:)
pokeyman. in scar we trust.
Who here thinks a modded hermitcraft season would be sick! They could get a dope animal mod with actual dragons they can ride and different weapons and buffs and Redstone machines!!
+respect
I trust scar
I trust Scar.
i trust you scar
Scar I don't care how long it takes you to build it I know it's gonna look amazing
I trust scar :)
I truly trust Scar!!!
I trust scar, it looks impressive so far, that's going to be utterly massive. Definitely Disney esthetic.  Look forward to the finished project
You are not making castle, but fantasy palace...
I trust scar
I trust Scar..I love scar…. Your amazing with builds. I will never be able to build like you. Take care.
I trust Scar very much.
I turst Scar I mean hes a olddog
Castles are hard. They are big, many rooms, many towered, twists, and turns. Oh and the texture and interiors! So much … but trust the process, and I believe in Scar!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar
As soon as u built the gate I already knew this was going to be an incredible build. U really NEVER disapojnt
:)
Man I’ve been watching your videos since I was a kid in middle school, thank you for the great content you’ve put out over the years and still continue to make.
Pokeman Snap was the BEST! Ah N64 nostalgia 😏
I trust scar!!!!! And my cats too! And my dog too! And my partner too!
Can u ask SB737 to join Hermitcraft
I thought his phobia would be clearing his chest monster
You got this Scar thinking about ya hope you're well baby steps and trust the process
Very gothic looking castle gate there, Scar. Good job. We’re looking forward to how good the rest of it will look in the future.
We trust you scar! The process will take as long as it takes! And it will be wonderful to join you on the journey!
Its the one of the best things I've seen you build!!!!!
ALMOST 2 MILLION SUBS SCAR! CONGRATS
Oh I absolutely trust you, Scar! It'll get done when it gets done. Please do not pull a Tango and build an entire castle in one episode.
Grian build a castle for a full season but u will finish it soon
with the speedy highway someone needs a flash skin lol
Jellies costume skin. Like Mickie Mouse costume wearers in the park! Random idea you've probably already thought of
i trust you scar
hell ye in Scar we trust, we even *know* itll turn out amazing once its finished
I trust Scar
i don't trust scar. i believe that guy will steal my money first chance he got :p
I trust scar !
Hey Scar, heard you've not been feeling well. i don't have instagram and all that to leave you a message. Heard you popped in on Tango during his livestream. Glad to hear you are feeling better. Rest and take care. Hope to see you back soon
You’re welcome you’re the best
Name idea: castle to scarsle
I trust you Scar!
I trust Scar ❤️
PokEEmAn hahaha scar is so funny with the pronouciations lol
We trust you Scar!!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar
Hey, I doubt anyone will but if any animatic makers see this, listen to the song Pure Imagination from Willy Wonka. Don’t you think it fits perfectly with Scar this season?
as requested trust ya scar to get the castle done at a reasonable pace eheheh :] its INSANE how much you do in one episode, i couldnt possibly find issue with such a massive project being done over a period of time lol <33
I trust scar!
WE TRUST YOU SCAR🎉🎉🎉🎉😅
call the dragon melificent
I trust scar
I've always trusted Scar. Amazing content as always
Rome wasn’t built in a day, I trust you Scar!
I trust Scar
when are you going to post a create mod
I don't just trust scar. I trust him with every fibre of my being.
SCARRRRR. You must make a rollercoaster around your castle! YOU CANT HAVE A THEMPE PARK WITHOUT A ROLLERCOAST right? You got it scarrrr!
Every time I see a castle on Minecraft either they don’t build it with a throne room that is so massive. IM going to lose my mind because I was planning on making my own RP server on Minecraft. Where is call Galaxy Kingdom but I don’t have any money to make a proper server and I don’t know how to build a big kingdom with a castle with a nice throne room
I trust ya Scar, glad your feeling well enough to get another video out.
I trust scar
teach us your ways!!
I trust scar
I truuuuust scar!!!
I trust Scar
Maybe ask zombie Cleo to make some tourists out of armor stands to add some life
I'm so proud
Stay strong
In scar we trust
I trust scar :D
I trust you, Scar! You've never let me down before, even when you thought you did, and I don't foresee that changing any day soon!
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
I trust scar
Oh, Scar! The castle is beautiful!!
I TRUST SCAR! :D
I have always trusted Scar
I trust Scar.
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
Love the way scar says Pokémon
we trust scar. scar is magestical.
scarstle slayyyyyy
I trust scar
I officially subbed to you before you hit 2 mil
I trust Scar...   ... to build an awesome castle. But not anything else.
I have always and will forever trust Scar. 💚💚💚💚💚 if it takes the same number of videos as Alec Steele to finish a project, then I am here for every. Single. Episode. 💚💚💚💚
I trust scar! <3 It looks amazing!
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust scar
Perhaps a portcullis for the gate
I trust scar
i trust in you scar!! as for the bridge you could always try a basalt generator or a cobblstone generator to act as a people mover bridge. idk the logistics of it but it would kinda blend in with the sidewalk
I trust scar
I heard that back then they do call the "main" castle building behind its walls a "keep" and not a castle. A castle includes the complex of buildings, fortifications, and facilities that's built around a keep. Also, I trust Scar!
You got this hun. I trust Scar!
I,trust Scar :)
Also dolphin + Riptide Trident is rlly op for traveling because when I did it I flew about 300 blocks with one trident use.
Disney: has a castle. Scar: "hold my bow"
If you don't finish the back, just say its a tribute to Grian
Stay strong brother!
I normally don't leave comments on any videos but I just wanted to let you know how amazing your builds and everything have been so far. I very recently came across the fact that I was subscribed to Grian's channel and decided to watch Hermitcraft for the very first time. While watching his videos I really enjoyed the interactions between the 2 of you and decided to check out your channel and I'm glad I did. It's been really cool to see all your hard work and your own unique spin or flare on Hermitcraft. I really hope you don't discourage yourself too much. The castle looks spectacular so far and Scarland looks more magical every episode. You are a fantastic builder and have a wonderful community here that loves and supports you! Keep up the amazing work!
make the highway speed thingy into a hyperloop it will fit good with the scifi theme
In Scar we trust! Also that TCG looks amazing!
The castle is better than anything I've built in creative mode
i trust scar!! worry not i enjoy watching the building process span out on multiple videos
Well I am sure he wasn't in pokiman
Don’t know why I never noticed this but your voice would be a good narrator
I trust Scar ❤️
I'm hyped about seeing the super speed highway integrated into scifi Scarland!!
I trust scar
What is the song used in the first timelaps?
We trust Scar! It will be a great castle for sure! ❤
It’s ok!!
In Scar we trust!
“Trust scar I do”, yoda
I trust you Scar!
I trust You and you trust me when I say that this castle looks phenomenal!
Mombo is back
~I can never seem to stop myself from building castles. I tried to ban myself from them and got horrible builders block. I'm so excited to see your take on a Minecraft castle! I'm sure it will be amazing because everything you build is.
If you ever take longer than the usual to get a build done, i think we all know how much you care about it and how much effort you're putting in to make it extra special
I trust scar
I trust scar!!!
General advice for wrangling non-flying mobs into a small space: drop them in from above. I know of two good ways to accomplish this (and have used both successfully):   1. Construct a water stream that flows to an opening above the space that you want the mob to end up in and use their path-finding to get them into the water. The rest should take care of itself (although you may need to leave their line-of-sight to get them to stop trying to path toward you against the current). Just be careful not to drop them from too high up. (Tip: signs or opened fence-gates can be used to make the x/z position above the hole water-free, regardless of how far away the water source is).  2. Create a "corridor" that passes over a hole above the space you want the mob to end up in with open trapdoor(s) above the hole, spanning the corridor's width (make sure the space with the open trapdoors is large enough for the mob to fit through). Get the mob to follow you down the corridor and when you reach the trapdoors jump over them to the far side; the mob should walk right into the hole (since mobs treat trapdoors as through they can walk on them regardless of whether or not they're open).
I trust Scar!
These walls are entirely made of WALLS,  I lost it1
Scar if you make a custom hat that’s the size of a tram you can stick it on a zombie in a Minecraft so it looks like a working tram
I'm not sure there is a more qualified person to be working on this project 😍 This is a certified, Scarland classic. Excellent work, as aways!
I trust scare
Scar has apparently played Minecraft for over a decade and still seems to not understand the hitboxes of chickens. Make it make sense.
100% trust!!! ❤
I trust Scar !!
I trust Scar
I do indeed trust the scar
i trust scar
I trust Scar!! ❤❤❤❤❤
I trust scar 100%
i trust scar xD
I trust you scar!!!!
DRAGON NEAR PEOPLE VERY BAD.  sAY GOOD BYE TO PARK.
I trust Scar.
I trust you Scar!!
I trust Scar! That castle is absolutely gorgeous. Can't wait to see the rest in your own time. Thank you for all the fun and laughs. Stay healthy and safe.
I trust and LUFF Scar! :D
I love this start to this castle. Im surprised you didnt use the word gatehouse. anyways i think it would be cool if you got one of the redstone guys to make you a functioning bridge.
Can you make an orange trolly
The start of the castle look so amazing.
WE TRUST YOU SCARRRR 😁🫶🤩 ITS AMAZING!!! 🏰 🏹🚩
Bro... everytime you say I cant build this you deffinitly can
Scar the castle looks so good
I trust Scar 100%
I Trust Scar. *Legal nonsesn impling I was forced to say it*
Brock you not even know how to build a castle and that I know
oh my GOODNESS i love the castle
I TRUST SCAR
I trust Scar! Always
I think, if you brought the floor level of the castle up to the the level where your castle was floating before this episode, you can build that bridge twice as big (up to the level of the floor of the castle) and make the mote larger underneath it.
I trust skar
scar you should have the other hermits build rides/experiences for your park
I trust scar!!! You’re gonna make one of the most unique castles out there I know it
I TRUST SCAR🧡🙏🏼
I trust scar
There has NEVER been a video of yours which didn't make me feel better. No matter what my day was like, or how bad I was feeling before. You are a blessing Scar. Never change <3
I "trust" Scar.
11:44     meoww
No one : Scar : "Hmmmm yes, this wall is made out of walls"
When castles were the big popular thing to build in Minecraft it'd take people years, entire seasons, hundreds of episodes to finish just one wall of a castle. Now Scar is worried because it'll take more than one episode... It's gonna look amazing, I'm only part way through the vid but I trust you scar <3
Grats on 2 mil!
Can confirm.. that is exactly what its like to raise a toddler....
I don't know if dragons break blocks you'll have to look into it
I trust Scar.   On the castle. Not sure about the "I'll finish the backside of the biome" part. Solely because hermits generally don't have the best track record with statements like this.
Good luck to anyone trying to teach you the card game
You are so incredibly talented at building! WE NEED TO GET SCAR TO 2MILL!!!!!!!!
The castle looks amazing!! We trust you completely, and are behind you one hundred percent!!! Your TCG deck looks good! Thanks for the video Scar
Rocking out to scars time lapse music since season 6. I still love it!
<3
I trust scar! 💯
I trust scar😂😂😂
Doc built a super speedy road like that in Season 8.
I dont care what you say, Scar is the best minecraft builder ever, if Da Vinci played minecraft he wouldnt even compare!
take as much time as u need scar. its already such an amazing start and i cant wait to see how u progress (at ur own time ofc bc u dont have to rush ur self, ur already building beautifully). so proud of u and pls pls pls dont stress urself over how long its taking u, pretty things take time. love                                                                                                                                               -xoxo<3
I trust Scar!
castle looks great! draw bridge would be cool :3
I always trust scar. Scar'd for life.
I trust scar
I trust Scar
oh my god guys scar is so close to 2 million subscribers :D
Mascot-less at the popcorn shop... Potential band name?
I just watched the Mandalorian and I'm freaking out about the Razor Crest, OMG
We believe in Scar...Love the Castle!!!
I’m a 45 year old mum that’s got an 11 year old son whom just adores you we love it when you upload as we always watch together, we appreciate you even more so because you speak about your health and put it first that’s a super important thing to teach kids so thank you scar, stay well x x from Aly & Asti x
I trust scar
instead of hidden Mickeys you should do hidden Jellys
i trust scar
i trust you scar, you a very good constructor
Hey Scar, please put back more appeal to sell
i trust scar, no npc
I trust you scar. You done such amazing work in these videos. You can do anything you put your mind too. So glad you are back!
Love ya, Scar
i trust u scar
I trust you Scar! I love the start of it. It's going to look amazing
I trust scar!
Love you Scar buddy
I trust SCAR >:D
Trust Scar! Trust the process !
I love how i could hear Jellie throughout the episode :D I believe in you Scar, the castle already looks so pog
Imagine someone stripping all the acacia logs in the castle as a prank, giving the entire thing orange highlights.
I trust scar the world eater
in scar we trust
I trust Scar
I trust you scar!! 😁 You are amazing!! And you're so good at building!! It looks sooo good!🤩 I love Scarland!
Looks amazing 🤩
I trust Scar                                   To procrastinate
Holy moley - Yeah i trust Scar, that castle already looks amazing despite what you said!
The window in the castle gate looks like the eye of Sauron
I trust scar
#I TRUST SCAR
Bro your cat is famous like you
It looks awesome. The style you’re adding is awesome.
cool
i trust you, scar, take your time :D it already looks amazing so far <3
Definitely needs a draw bridge. Amazing work scar!
This is Gonna be sick! :D
Amazing castle, Scar! Looking forward to the rest of it. ❤
Love the start of your castle! It is amazing!
Personally, I trust Scar
I trust Scar.*  *This statement may or may not have been made under duress.
I trust Scar.
I TRUST SCAR
I trust you scar! Great video as always! ^-^
I very much trust Scar
I trust Scar XDXDXD
I trust Scar :)
I trust scar 🙏
If only evey youtuber was as light-hearted and funny as scar . Keep it up your videos cheer me up so much😊
“Whorey not” 😂
Yes, that is exactly what its like to have a toddler. 😆 lol!
First off, the castle looks phenomenonal. I was so excited to see you start the castle because I just knew you would nail it down to every detail. I really was looking forward to this video and it is so inspiring to see how much dedication you have. Even though you get burnt out, you always come back with beautiful ideas! It is really motivating for me as a student, because not only is this video a way for me to unwind and entertain myself, but you are a huge inspiration to me. :-) I can't wait to see the completed build and what you continue to do with Scarland!
Nice
Man I really can't wait til the map download for S9 comes out and I can explore Scarland while wearing my Scarland shirt
Hey Scar. I have a huge aesthetic tip for your Create Mod house. You can hide the minecart and rails for your house by putting them underground and connecting the cart contraption assembler to your house with a glass pane column. Much more inconspicuous. Like the house itself when it moves through trees, the glass panes will move through the ground just fine. You will need the space where the glass comes to a rest, while the house is stationary, to be open, but that would only be a one-by-one hole in your garage house. Also, if you don't know yet, if you place a powered rail under the assembler and leave each rail on either side as regular ones, the minecart will stop when the house does. Also, you can pick up your entire house as a minecart contraption by right clicking the cart area with a wrench while it is assembled. Might be shift + right click. Have fun!
I trust Scar not to finish the back in this episode.
this looks like a church not like a castle
I TRUST SCAR WITH MY WHOLE LIFE, SOUL AND BODY!!!!
Scar take your time and don't get burnt out, if you need to take a break and go do some mischief, or even just do a sever tour, we would watch it.
I trust scar!
trust Scar!
Doing a great job scar! Can't wait to see more.
Scar, I totally trust you! You can do anything if you want it. You're an awesome builder! ♡♡♡
The castle is amazing and can’t wait for it to be finished 🥰😄
“In Scar We Trust” - submitted as the official Good Times with Scar subscriber motto.
scar: I know 2 episodes to build a mountain is alot. grian: 1 block a day keeps the unfinished backside away!
You should call your castle Laputa
TGG ???? LoL😅🤣
I trust you Scar. You got this!
I trust Scar!!
I trust and adore you scar!!! You got this king!!
Scar we can't tell if your cards are good unless you hover above them to show the names xD I think I saw a rare card flash, but just the image isn't telling enough
I trust u 💯 % scar 🫶🏻 … but please don’t call PokéMON Pokéman 🤦🏻‍♀️🤣🤗
I trust scar
You’re such an amazing builder, love your building style 💕
scar you absolutely slay. that's a good thing btw, in fact the best thing :> stay slaying
i trust scar!
pokaman lesgo new game just dropped
i trust scar
I trust scar. love from Bangladesh
Amazing! And - of course - I trust scar to bring us good times ... as always!
OMG, you got this for sure. It looks amazing already. Oh the sunset behind, what a beauty.
I trust Scar 💯
SCAR!! YOUR SO CLOSE TO 2M YOUR AT 1.99M!!
I trust scar
redstone castle gate
when i build castles i take inspiration from the 1980s lego castle line as well as the newest lego castle. fun when to combine hobbies
Scar, you should build a warp-drive effect around the length of the sci-fi path (Close to your base. Not the entire path lol. Unless?) to make it look like you are going the speed of light (star wars for example). I think it will look amazing and kinda makes sense? I'm sure you of all mincrafters can do it. If not you will probably create somthing amazing anyways. :P
I trust Scar!  Dude you are such a fantastic builder, yeah sure, you've never built a castle before but I know that wont stop you! Just remember that it's okay to make mistakes and that as long as you are having a good time that's what matters. You are called GoodTimesWithScar after all ;) (We all believe in you man and know that you will make Scar Land even more magical!)
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!! take as long as you need Scar :) as long as you have a smile on your face i dont care how long it takes. just please have fun. it looks absolutely incredible already!!!
Can’t wait to see more progress!! Keep it up scar!
I trust scar
#WETRUSTSCAR
I trust u scar you're amazing
hmmm.... castle built to y 300..... that means there will be a lot of rooms.......  will this be one of the buildings with rooms not decorated?  Well I have faith that Scar will decorate all the rooms
I like how the castle's walls curve downwards as well as backwards, because it makes it look like it has even *more* depth than it actually does really gives it Disneyland's Sleeping Beauty's Castle vibes
I trust Scar!!!!!  :D
I trust scar man
I TRUST SCAR! You already put insane amounts of work into your videos I can’t imagine you doing any more!!
I TRUST U SCAR
Scar himself is a world eater!
Scar scar scar. They’re adding Sakura trees!! If it’s added in time will you change up some of your trees on this season of hermit craft? I realize it’s dumb to ask. But I myself was super hyped seeing them and thought of you first :3
I LOVE IT
I trust Scar
I trust scar but I might trust Jelly more.
i trust scar!
Please make 2 guardian staturs of jellie at the door, like with armor or weapons
LOVE IT IDEA THO BDUBS SHOULD GET A SMALL GUY SUIT
i trust scar tbh
Trust!
I really like the use of the wall blocks because it looks like the castle was built out of giant stone bricks :)
100%cartrust
Scar's building abilities are just absolutely GODLY. #iTrustScar
I trust you scar
I trust you, Scar. And it looks like that trust is not misplaced
I trust you, you got this <3
I trust scar 🎉
I trust Scar
I trust scar
The Kingdom of Scar is back..!
20:13 I had been there even though the video is bad cause it's from my old phone the visit was the best I had ever had(2014). Wish you had experienced the same joy I did when I was there. 20:30 I had been scared for life since I was a very little. Can't get over the sight of my on blood ever since. Being impaled leaves their marks.
I trust SCAR!!
I trust you Scar, you're gonna do great
BTW Scar you need depth strider to both increase speed and allow ease with going through the gates
i trust u scar!!!! <3
i trust scar
You.. mean.. Pokemon... Po- ke- mon
I trust Scar
I TRUST SCAR!
i trust scar
I trust Scar!
Always trust scar. I'm so glad that you were able to be on the server! 💜 Castle looks great so far! I love the waterway around it
Ah yes, the walls are made of wall. In all seriousness, the castle looks amazing.
The castle is already looking amazing! Of course we trust Scar!     Except maybe with a dragon. I’m not sure I trust Scar with a dragon.
I trust scar! You made a beautiful beginning to this castle I can't wait to see where it'll end up.
Your builds have always and will always amaze me, forever trust you to make the most of a build. Love you scar, thank you for blessing my feed with your content, hope you're having a good day :) <3
I may be four days behind schedule, but I trust Scar
You better believe that in Scar we trust! Although I don't stand for that being our new national slogan...  I do appreciate the back to back Avengers quotes, whether intentional or not...  "This puts a smile on my face" "I could do this all day"
I trust Scar! Always do.  The start of the castle looks wonderful! The chicken jockey clip was entertaining for sure. And yes, that was just like raising a kiddo.. They are sneaky and a pain in the butt when they are little. Can't wait to see more of Scarland come to life!
We believe in scar. Also I can confirm that is exactly what raising a toddler is like
@18:48 jellie time stamp. Sounds very focused about talking about something.
The super speedy highway could use some indicator wool or frog lights to show when a gate is coming up. Might be able time it 1sec after seeing an indicator (at warp speed) to always crouch(?) in time for a gate.  Less of a fun side game that way though...
I trust Scar. Also looking forward to that HotGuy dragon bow duel!
I trust scar
I TRUST SCAR
He is SO close to 2m
I trust scar
i trust scar 😎👍
almost 2 mill!!!!
I trust Scar \o/
You go king! Take your time mate! We all love you
I trust you scar! You never fail to impress with your art
Sometimes I just wanna see how many random patches of the world is missing because of them gathering materials for these builds 🤣
I trust Scar.
this is bonkers for an early attempt at castles!
Scar you should get a brown cat and name it Peanut butter to have Peanut better and jelly
I hope this community helps bring as much joy to scar in his own difficult moments as he brings to us in ours. <3
SO CLOSE TO 2MILLLLL LETS GOO
We love you and trust you!!! We don’t care how long it takes as long as your okay and happy with it!
I trust you
The Castle is looking great! Never doubted you for a second!
I Trust Scar
Can you build the most strongest fortress in mc that can hold off 100players mc challenge
Love to build and please friend me in Minecraft my Minecraft name is LoneWolf3883. just please do it it would change my life if you did.
I will always 100% trust you Scar <3 how couldn't I be with the only HotGuy ever? castle lookin' amazing so far, looking forward to it :D
I am jelus of it I can't even in creative mode!!! & I bleave in you because you can do enemy ways!!! Do you play other games other then minecraft
Yo Scar! Sending you love. I know making videos is hard atm so. Good job! We're so proud of you!!✨
"Like the video to make me not feel old" Scar.. You have parents that watch your videos. I'm so happy for you. Having parents AND YouTube watch YOUR videos is something I've always looked forwards to. I'm 16, been watching since season 6.   I actually found Hermitcraft by going down Memory lane. Samgladiator Yandere high school's series, finding Grian, I always liked Taurtis but I searched up grian. And he uploaded Hermitcraft Season 6.   I found Mumbo, Xisuma, and you after Grian. You're my personal favourite. Makes me feel special even though I know you have no idea I existed. Until whenever (if ever) you read this comment. And I'm absolutely positive that I'm not the only one who feels this way.  We love you Scar.
i love scar a LOT, but my only prolem with him is that all the hard work he does to build these large buildings? isnt shown in the vids, they r always hid behind those awesome transitions, they real hard work isnt shown or the building process isnt shown like how it is in a time lapse, the transitions do make it look magical, but they dont let u appreciate how much work he put into building this, for example, when he built the base platform for his castle, it was a quick transition, it didnt let u see how much work/time went into this
Anybody know about the tumblr sexy man contest for MCYT? Yeah scar's been winning and he's in the finals. Please go and vote for him 😭😭😭
This castle super fast build mode has been my favourite. It's like claymation.
Not gonna lie, of all the hermits, I trust Scar the most. Unless he's trying to sell me something.
Epic
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
SCAR!! You're amazing! All of the trust in the process!!
Scar I would bet an unlimited amount of money that any thing you build will look amazing
i trust scar!!!
Casual Jellie at 18:47
Ah yes  my favorite game Pokey-man
oh no! you were killed by the mcc chicken!
I believe in Scar's amazing building ability to make things that continue to blow us away.
I trust Scar.
The new cherry trees are going to make your time building varied trees in Saarland so much easier. New leaves and pink wood and particle effects!
SCAR! YOU DID NOT JUST SAY POKE-MAN
scar oh my GOSH this is so amazing so far, I trust you scar!!
Scar's floating castle! Just add some Jellie coloured clouds to the base! 😁
Like yeah!  Totally trust Scar!
this looks insane
We trust Scar ;P
You need a full gatehouse
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I trust Scar!! <3
I trust scar
It looks amazing scar!!!! No matter how long you take between videos nor how much you build determines the sheer quality of your videos. Take all of the time needed because it is always worth the wait :-) <3
"I trust Scar"  Concerning you question of what to do with the entrance: Maybe consider a portcullis with a big ol drawbridge, I know it is tropey but is a good trope.
Can't wait for the world download at the end of season so I can see scarland in all its glory! Ur an amazing builder scar and even a dirt house will look good with ur artistic vision.
The castle looks so amazing! There’s already so much done, I was surprised and honestly the fact that this is your first time building one is unbelievable given how good it looks already :)
I trust Scar
If I saw an ender dragon in a scar built cave, I would die happy... That may just be the best thing I would ever see in Minecraft... Imagine it sat in a load of gold like smaug or something
I trust you scar!
No one notice docs note says "it will be a blast" before the explosion happens
In Scar we trust
I trust you scar !!!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!
I always trust Scar!
pokeman 💀
I trust Scar! Take your time :-)
Good job scar! Don’t forget you owe grian some hot guy gifys!
I always trust you, Scar, to build something amazing. All of your builds this season have been absolutely fantastic. Watching your videos transports me into another world full of whimsy, silliness, and fun.  Thank you for all of your wonderful content. ❤
I heard Jellie in the background and that put a smile on my face :)
I trust scar!!!!!
I 100 percent trust Scar!
I liked the vid and side note at 2010 I was born
the way it is shaped and curved is really cool it has some great framing.  Hermitcraft TCG would make a great addition to scarland maybe you could see if Beef wants to add another shop.
I trust scar!! Take youre time,  rome wasn't built in a day!
Will you be updating your park when the new cherry blossom trees are added in 1.20?
I trust scar 97% The other 4% goes to the fact that he’ll probably forget to light the place up and have a creeper spawner
I trust Scar will get it done
I trust you Scar
I trust scar.
Scar I trust you, you are doing the task of making the best amusement park in minecraft and we are perfectly fine with waiting till everything is as you want it.
Of course we trust you, and we are never disappointed. We could ask for crumbs you will offer a whole bakery :D Take all the time you need King!
GoodTimesWithScar: A floating castle Me: Is it a Backrooms referance?
I know you will finish the back of Scarland. How? You are not Grian. This is how I know it.
I trust Scar. This is gonna be AMAZING.
i trust you scar
WE TRUST YOUU
I trust Scar
Scar manifested a new cherry blossom biome by putting cherry blossom trees in his base and no one can tell me otherwise
I trust scar
I trust Scar more than any other human I have ever not met, go get em Scar  Hey actually wanna be somebody I have not not met? We could grab hot cocoa some time or something, everybody likes hot cocoa.
I trust Scar! :)
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar!
Scar, you're an artist, trailblazing new and advanced techniques in your art. Being on the cutting edge is scary, but rest assured, we all have full confidence in your abilities and decisions. It's always a good time with scar.
I trust scar
Scar we love you!!! It doesn’t matter how long it takes you to build the castle. Don’t work to much and stay safe ❤
If you're gunna cross water to get through the gate of a castle, I feel like it would be illegal to not use a draw bridge
The Castle is looking amazing.  And I think you got a rare Etho card. As I think Beef made a mistake in it. The first option 'Snack Time' does not have a grassblock.
20:00 uh oh. So, who's gonna tell Scar that the dragon slowly shifts the centre it circles around and would require supervision to make sure the dragon doesn't go too far and destroy the area around it? lol  Might be a better idea to build a tower filled with treasures that the dragon can guard from the top of the tower it will circle around /nm
I trust scar
I trust in youuu Scar!
Your castle looks amazing 👏
trusting scar rn
We trust you scar
in scar we trust
Can anyone else hear jellie @ 12:14 ?
This castle is going to be epic! (I trust Scar)
I trust scar!!
I trust Scar~!!
#itrustscar
I trust scar :D
I trust scar
I trust Scar the amazing builder! :)
#trust the process It looks amazing so far, Scar!! Cant wait to see how it turns out. And it's always great to have you on Hermitcraft <3
Heard Jellie at 18:45 if I'm right ! A small meow in the background
I feel like those castle walls could still use a little more colour. Maybe banners or something? A lot of the detail blends together at a distance, at least to me.
I trust Scar.
I trust scar
I trust Scar
I trust
I trust Scar :)
Imo you're the best builder on the server and obviously that's pretty high praise given the talent of some of the other hermits so Idk if what I'm about to say matters in anyway because I'm sure you have bigger plans for the castle wall (you even said as much) but as it is I would just recommend more darker blocks at the bottom and along the insets, like shadows and then add even lighter blocks like quartz at the top to give a more intense gradient. This comment is probably completely irrelevant because I'm sure you have crazy plans to beautify this thing on an incomprehensible level but if not, I hope gave you something :)
I trust you Scar!Take your time with the castle!
scar i truly trust you but just do what you like ill watch and be happy about every episode you give us
Scar reacted to that Dragon fakeout like a vietnam veteran on the 4th of july
Scar you should put a small boast and pirates in the lower water area
King of the Castle🏰
I trust scar...to learn how to do backs of bases from grian😂
Your castle looks amazing!
I trust Scar. Take all the time you need, Scar. Your builds are incredible as always, and it's understandable they can take time.
Your deck is a starter deck. It is balanced with other starter decks.
This is so cool!!!!!!! #ITrustScar
Drawbridge. That is what it needs : )
I trust Scar :D
I TRUST SCAR!
Idk how you’d incorporate this if at all but I just got done at a day at Disney and they have these walls barely taller than the average person that hide construction. Maybe you could do this in some areas! They just had cool designs and some characters on them
I trust scar.
I trust you Scar!
I trust Scar <3
I kept hearing Jellie in the background :)
Scar, you started this project (ScarLand) the exact day I went to Disney World for the first time. This kind of makes me happy to see it being slowly but surely completed. I TRUST SCAR!
Finish this by tomorrow
For the longest time I thought it was “Hawk Eye” not “Hot Guy” lol
But how did Scar make the time lapse look like stop motion with motion blur? That looked so cool!
Great to have you back Scar your aMAzing
Always have faith in ya Scar. Just not your flying :)
I TRUST SCAR!!
I trust Scar!! I'm so excited for this project :)
Aqua scar 5:52  I trust scar.
I trust scar. Because, you sir, are amazing and deserves everything good that comes your way. Take as much time as you need!
I trust Scar
Say "Pok'e'MAN" one more time and i unsubscribe
You inspire me. I’m in the middle of making a castle/village and can’t make my self do the teriforming the hill for it to go on. But my project is like half the size of your’s. And I got an idea form your video
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!
I trust scar for all things, like watching my dog over the weekend
I trust Scar
A draw bridge would be great. I recommend to use hidden animals and leads for the string. Also if you wanna add some movement don't forget that you can actually build "self driving" boats you can but animals or villigers in.  Oh ps: We trust the process Scar! It already looks great!
Subscribe to scar!!! He's so close to 2M
I trust Scar to make a good build.
Was this Jellie @ 11:56 ?
The castle looks amazing! I trust Scar ｡⁠◕⁠‿⁠◕⁠｡
Take as many episodes as u need to build the castle, the final product will look fantastic anyway
i trust scar
Congrats on 2 mil!!! Good luck on your castle!!
I trust Scar!!
I trust Scar!
I TRUST YOU SCAR!! ITS GONNA LOOK AHHHMAZING <3
I trust Scar!
scar makes everyone smile
I trust you Scar!
Let him cook
Scar you are doing amazing things!! I love how you said I can’t build it all one day because not every video can have massive builds, and then you make a massive build!! I trust you and your Building Scar!! It’s always a massive Scale!!
I trust Scar.
I trust scar
Trust
I'm sure I speak for most of us when I say we're all thinking of you and sending you best wishes irl.  At the end of your previous video, I went out and gave my husband a hug. He asked what that was for, and I told him Scar said to go hug our loved ones.  So you brought hugs into the world.  Your castle and the island it's on are looking great... I hope you spread the build out over MANY episodes so we can enjoy each part along with all the details you put into things.  The baby zombie adventure was so funny I had to wipe away tears to watch it, from laughing so hard!  Moving mobs is SO hard!
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar
Grian and Scar: I don’t know how to play but I will definitely collect them.  Me: *Finally someone understands*
I trust Scar
HAPPY EARLY 2 MILLION SUBS
happy pre two million!
I trust scar
I have a 2 year old, that is the perfect description of a toddler
Scar, if there is one thing I always do is trust and support you no matter what. I doesn’t matter if you can’t post because of your health or if it takes longer to build something, because I care about your health and I respect you for everything you do. So take your time with the castle and most important off all have fun.
i trust ya scar
I would maybe keep the bridge flat, as not to detract the eye from the imposing surface of the wall, not breaking the horizontal lines it impose
i trus you everything (not sure this is correct english)
i think whta you really could ned is a moss farm. its not that hard to build and its super good. i build it in every world because moss is my favourite block in the game.. its just a recomendation
I trust scar ^-^
I trust scar
I trust Scar..  also, Scar is wonderful!
I Trust Scar. Always.
THAT CASTLE LOOKS AMAZING
I trust Scar ! Always entertaining and Great Builds !
I absolutely trust you Scar! Thank you for everything you do ❤️
If the canal was a little bit bigger it would be really cool to have a rope bridge there
Just amazing
Scar, we all trust you SO MUCH!! The castle looks great so far, can't wait to see the rest!
I trust scar!!
#itrustscar the build is looking great! take your time :)
I trust scar! Had a lot to do in my life and am thrilled to see the episode now! Dont sweat it!
I trust scar
YES SCAR. As the mom of a 3 year old. That is EXACTLY what it is like raising a toddler.
I TRUST SCARRRRR
You got it scar!!! Ik it'll be cool no matter how long it takes 👐👐👐
Only going to say ask to swap place before the battle 😆
I trust Scar!
Of course I trust Scar!
We trust you! It’s **huge**!
I trust scar
Scar, we trust you! What's more, we believe in you and want you to build at your own pace! It will be ah-MAZE-ing!
Omg Scar I just realized how close you are to 2 Mil!!!!!! You deserve it!!!
Since I see nobody else doing it (ironically or otherwise) I'm gonna say it. "I trust scar" Your builds are always amazing and are always worth the wait. I say this as someone who struggles with 'mega' builds like the scales that the hermits do. (I always start them but never finish them) It is a brave thing you're doing tackling something you're phobic of.
I miss your old introduction :( oooooooooooh hello there my fellow miners and crafters :'(
I trust Scar. I’ve always trusted Scar.
i trust scar
I trust scar and you can take as many episodes as you want
I trust Scar! ❤
I trust Scar!!
trust the process, trust scar
Scar, it's unlikely you'll see this, but ur my comfort youtuber. I just became transfemale the other day (kinda secretly tho) and I was feeling super dysphoric and depressed, but watching u cheered me up so much. Thank you for being so inspiring and amazing.
Scar is world eater machine
I 100%, fully, with every ounce of my body trust you Scar! Take all the time you need for the castle, and don't worry, you're an absolutely amazing builder; it already looks incredible!
I trust scar
it wont be one episode itll be like 2  scar yk normal people spend like 20 episodes on something like this- ofcourse i trust you scar
I have no idea if it's possible, but you might collaborate with Docm77 and Mumbo Jumbo about designing a fully-functional redstone drawbridge that goes from laying horizontally to standing vertically in the castle. I think it'd need to have sticky blocks pulling wood along as well as pushing, to hide internal mechanisms when not in motion. Probably needs pistons to push blocks straight up into a diagonal, on an internal timer similar to the one used in Pixlriff's David Copperfield to count how many times the copper has transitioned, to precisely place them, and then activate a horizontal mechanism to flying machine them into their horizontal positions (using another, similar timer). Then a means of reversing it. Maybe then put the whole thing on a trigger that closes it after sunset and opens it at sunrise.
Sometimes I forget that the terrain that the castle is standing on is all scar made by hand. Jesus Christ.
trust U
We trust You SCARR!!!!
Castle looks amazing! Full faith in you, Scar!
I trust Scar (But seriously, dude, you gotta stop looking to us for approval.  Make what you want, how you want to make it, and there's bound to be people who will enjoy it.)
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!
I believe on Scarvey Dent.
My guess would be the book is a bundle with a different texture
I trust Scar
I don't think the dragon cave thing could work
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar!  Love how the castle turned out so far, Scar. Doing something you're not used to can require a lot of courage, and once you've made it, it can feel quite satisfying and fulfilling!  The super speedy highway is super fun, I agree! And I feel really sorry for the "baby zombie on the chicken" situation!
I trust scar
Pokeman😂😂😂
As you wish... I trust Scar...
GET THIS MAN TO 2MIL
I trust Scar!
100% just like a toddler. You’re playing around and then a 5 year old lands a right hook. Game over Score:0
I trust scar
i trust scar  and don't ever worry about getting mega progress in ur vids.  you could add some of your learning process for some extra content (if its not too much extra editing)
Scarland is simply epic and immersive! thanks for this content!
I trust Scar!
I TRUST SCAR!! ❤❤
for super speedy highway it is basicly soulspeed + depthstrider + dolphin effect + speed
i trust scar when it comes down to anything related to building and landspacing in minecraft. so go for it take you time and do you thing.
Bro really built the equivalent of my megabase in 1 episode
I trust scar :))
Well, only thing that could make it better (that I think of) is to rent Cleo's armor stand magic and get more live to theme park.
# ItrustScar
i trust scar :)
Scare if you build castles as good as you do landscapes you have nothing to worry about
I trust scar
YOU'RE BACK FINALLY
We trust scar
No shade on Scar's promises to bring color to the castle, really - but why do you need color at all? I like grey.
I Trust Scar!
I trust Scar to build an amazing castle and of course he can take as many episodes for it as he wishes. I enjoy your content and of course I like the building, but I mostly just like to see you and other hermits enjoy the game and have fun. Edit: The castle and especially the custom landscape looks so beautiful. I am speechless - luckily I can type here instead of talking.
I trust Scar lel
I have faith in you Scar.
I trust Scar! Your builds always look turn out to look amazing, and I have no doubt that this one will too. Take your time and get it just the way you want it.
I said it once, and I'll say it again, you're my favorite Minecraft creator. You have been a constant source of inspiration and entertainment. You have the best transitions I've seen. I've learned so much from watching you. Thank you for all you contribute to the wonderful world of Minecraft!  Love,  -LOBSTERPHOENIX
good times can always be trusted with scar
Great to have you back Scar.  I trust in Scar.
I absolutely love the acacia wood between the walls, it adds such a nice depth and is spot on with the complimentary darker grey 👍
Scars floating castle <3
I trust scar❤😊
I trust scar, but also I enjoy the slow progress of building something up instead of having a mega build in one episode. I want a building to grow on me
Maybe a drawbridge?
I trust Scar!
I trust you❤
that castle is looking a-mazing!!!
Don't feel pressured to complete a challenging project all in one go, Scar! The fact that you're putting so much time and effort into learning this new skill means that the end product will look AMAZING no matter what!
You got this scar, I believe in you, it already looks so good!
I TRRUST SCARRRRRRR!!!
I always trust Scar
i thrust scar
Of course I trust Scar.  Rome wasn't built in a day and I've played Minecraft long enough to know full well just how long it takes to design and build anything, let alone something of this size.  The castle looks amazing Scar!
A drawbridge would look awesome on the castle wall. also, Cleo or Joe would be able to walk you thru a TCG tutorial.
this castle is going to be dope
I always trust you Scar
I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar! I trust scar!
I trust you, Scar. it looks so good, and i'm sure you can make it look even better. no pressure though. i look forward to you videos no matter how long they are or what contents they have, again no pressure. we all love you and i am so happy that you got this much done, i know that i couldn't be able to do this, but i am trying to work on learning to build in minecraft. We all believe in you, Scar!
Whatever is ailing you lately, I hope you shine through, and laugh on the other side.
@GoodTimesWithScar I want to help you get to 2 MILLION SUBS HOLY COW. If we can get you there, let's go to Disneyland. Who knows, maybe we can get you some inspiration and insider secrets for the majestic Scarland!
I think a draw bridge is a great idea, will definitely need a bigger moat though
Personally, I'd have the dragon above the entrance of the castle, flying around as if guarding the place.
I always trust Scar to deliver the Good Times
We have absolute faith in you regardless of how long it takes, Scar! Witnessing the project in steps will be so much fun. We'll be even more invested if it takes you a while and we get to see the steps.   Sorry irl has been so difficult lately ❤️
I trust scar to finish the castle but not the hill lol
how could i not trust scar? the man never disappoints
You are old and that makes you so much better.
I trust scar! Get er done at your own pace, buddy!
Man I love his Timelapse music
I trust scar, even though the back of scarland isn’t done 😂 I believe in the process
I TRUST SCAR!!!!
I trust Scar. (It already looks good)
Ofc we trust you scar ^^
Scar, it's always scary to learn how to do new things, so you should know that I'm honestly happy things are slowing down some, I missed super fast build mode, and it could take you 4 or 5 episodes to build just the front and I'd be elated, so take literally as much time as you need
I TRUST SCAR!!!
I trust you scar!
I trust Scar
i trust scar
In Scar we trust
we all know scars gonna do amazing, i mean look at this beautiful start already!!!!
Thank you for being amazing <3
How could you possibly not trust scar to make it look amazing?
I trust mumbo
If you really want to put a dragon in a cave, you'll need to remember it will destroy any block in its path. I also believe that the dragon can drift by a few block every so often, so it may need realigning
Lol Jellies meowing in the background is so cute
Hey Scar, you probably won't see this comment but after not seeing your channel in over half a decade I wanted to say hello. About 9-10 years ago you sent an email to me saying how thankful you were that I was so invested in your building tutorial videos. It was the modern house videos and the house with the railway bridge and stable right next to it. I probably watched those videos around 1000 times on my Samsung tablet lol. I was so happy to have been essentially shouted out by a big name. It was my brag to my friends that a youtuber sent me an email personally. I know that sounds stupid but that brought me so much joy. Finding your channel again after so much time and growing up sent a wave of nostalgia through me. I went through your videos to watch those old favorites again. But as I was scrolling I found your updates on your health situation which I am so sorry for you. I can't even imagine what your going through with that. It pains me to see the voice of my favorite minecrafter's real life for the first time being this heartbreaking. I hope that your future brings only light and happiness and thank you for being a voice in my childhood.
I trust construction-hat Scar, but I'm not so sure about mouse-ears Scar.
Don't ever feel bad for not finishing a mega project in a single episode. This is your dream build and we are all here to let you do it your own way. Don't ever rush and cut corners and ultimately be unhappy with those corners at the end of the build
16:55 THE SEASON 7 MAGICAL ARROW HAS RETURNED
Get him to two mil, he deserves it
I trust you Scar! the entrance already looks great!
I trust Scar
Is no one gonna mention the fact that this episode is 36 on trending?!
The facade (future front wall) is epic! I especially like the landscaping around the moat/waterfalls =)
my trust of scar has never wavered!
For somebody who's never built a castle before you wouldn't think that at all. I know you've talked about the imagineers at Disney but as far as I'm concerned you're one yourself. There's no way you could have built such an amazing theme park and started that castle otherwise
Amazing
The castle is looking so good so far Scar!!  For the bridge, it might be cool to go with a drawbridge so you can have the diagonal suspension
In Scar we trust
I trust Scar. I trust the process.
I trust Scar <3 glad ur feeling better
If you have the ability to customize your part of the speed highway make it look like you are going through hyperspace to further match your sci - fi area. end rods could be good to make it look like star light is being stretched like they do in star wars.
LETS GOOOO SCAAARRRRR!!!
WOW i know you said it was gonna be big, but the gate is already huge. This is gonna be a massive castle.
I kinda trust scar😂
I TRUST SCAR
I trust you with my life, sir scar. Your castle will be the most majestic castle on the server! Right alongside bdubs crastle and Tangos decked out fortress!
Scar: "Oh, that makes me feel old." Me: "2010 wasn't that long ago, it was 13 years ago, which means I would have been... Oh gosh."
I trust Scar
I trust scar :)
I trust scar more than I trust grian to finish the back of his build! 🤣
I trust Scar!  Scar,  You are an absolutely amazing builder no matter the scale or style. Have faith in yourself and all will work out. And any haters or nay sayers need to remove their heads from their rectal sphincters and let their brains become functional again
Anyone else hear the little meow around the 11:57 mark?
In scar we trust 🙏 🙌
" LIKE THIS COMMENTIF YOU LIKE HERMITCRAFT "👍
The castle looks amazing I trust you completely scar ! It’s going to be amazing when it’s done !
I trust Scar :)
i trust scar!!!
We trust Scar!
i trust scar
honestly i would trust scar with my life, of course he can do this castle!!!
I trust scar
Woot!
I trust scare <3
I trust Scar
I love how Scarvonly cares about the landscaping when threatened with tnt ❤
take your time building ^-^
Scar and castles!
scar id trust you with any build ever. even if it took you the whole season to get a castle done, id watch it all happily.
I trust you scar
we trust and love you buddy :)
You got this! I can’t wait to see what you create! Your builds always look amazing!
The castle is going to turn out great Scar! I fully believe in your capabilities to overcome your fear of castles and create something amazing!
Scar always brightens my day. Watching his videos makes me feel like anything is possible :)
Nobody: Scar: Builds the front of a castle in one timelapse, with more resources than I've collected in 10 years of Minecraft.
Scar you should get a TCG area in scar land! Get beef to sponsor your theme park
So close to 2 million subscribers
I trust scar!
9:30 "on these walls and towers they are entirely made of walls."  yes, The floor is made of the floor
I TRUST SCAR!! :)
I trust Scar!!
Scarland wasn't built in one episode
I trust you scar! :D
I trust Scar!
Man that timelapse music never gets old.
I trust scar
Love the vids you are an amazing builder! I wish i was as good as i trust scar to be every time i watch the vids!!
I absolutely 100% trust you, Scar! Do whatever you feel is needed, what YOU want. Don't worry about pleasing us! You have one if the most supportive fandoms I have seen! Also, I go away for 2 days, and ALL of my favorite hermits post, EVEN MUMBO! Like, jeeze! I either need to go away less of often or more often. Hmmm.... Anyways, have a good day, whoever is reading this!
I like u built it two layer think
I TRUST SCAR!!
WE TRUST SCAR #ITrustScar
An Elven Kiss could have saved you from the Chicken Rider.
Why is no one talking about the sword-holding  skeleton?
i TRUST in SCAR 💖
I trust scar!
In Scar we trust....you are an amazing MC Artist!!!
I TRUST SCAR !!! WE ARE NOT IMMUNE TO THE GOOD TIMES
The first shot was art, i maybe watch it like 9 to 13 times before commenting but it si GOODDDD
Take as many episodes as you need to finish the castle, love what you got so far!
We trust in you Scar, this is going to be one of, if not the best build you’ve ever made!
I Trust Scar
Amazing scar
I trust scar.
Love you scar
I trust you Scar!!!! You got dis.
Did I hear a Jellie at 11:55?
I trust scar!!!!!! !
I trust scar!
I definitely trust you scar!
"Wow, nice castle Scar!" Scar: "No no, that's just the doorway."
Scar, you're a madman. Though it truely is the best to face you fears by going over the top with them. That entrance is humongous, can't wait to see the castle in it's glorious entirety. Take as long as you need, man. You've never disappointed with your builds.
Scar this has me speachless❤I love the castle so much! I finally see your vision for scar land
TRUST SCAR
Let me level with you, Scar. I'm not going to type your stupid little hashtag phrase, because something that simple can't really cover the truth of the matter. You are one of the most amazing builders Minecraft has ever seen. Not just Hermitcraft, but Minecraft in general. Your builds are imaginative and unique, and convey a sense of wonder that is a rarity in this blocky paradise we all call 'home'.  So no. No, I will not type your stupid little message. Instead, you get this - my indignation over the idea that you want me to condense my faith in your capacity as a builder into some trite little hashtag.  The nerve on some people...
I trust Scar
You got this castle thing Scar.  Look at what You have already done with the landscaping and the park itself.  Castle will be a breeze and who knows, it may become Your favorite build and You and Bdubs can have Best Castle wars in the future.
I trust you scar !
I trust scar
11:56 jelly
Of course we trust you Scar! It's not like any of us know how to build it, but we can learn, so go ahead and explain how you build this castle block-by-block if you want. After all, true art isn't about itself but it's history and the intentions behind it.
Pokeman hurt to hear
I trust scar
I trust you scar!
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!!!
I trust in scar!
i trust scar
New Scar Qoute for the book! "on these walls and tower, they are entirly made of walls"
I trust scar
I left a dislike to make you feel more old 😈
Your video always bring so much joy ! thankyou scar
i trust scar!
I trust Scar :)
LETS GET SCAR TO 2 MILLION SUBS!
We all trust scar, love you hope the best for you
Scar always produces such beautiful art. Don’t overwork yourself hotguy ❤ + your work is not the sole reason I watch this channel, you’re an amazing & funny person!
I trust Scar
I trust scar :D
i trust scar more than the mayor of toronto
Hi Scar, what is the Timelapse music you used for the building of the castle?
I trust scar
I trust scar
I TRUST SCAR'S CASTLE BUILDING
I trust scar
I trust Scar!!!
I trust scar! It’s hot guy that’s sketchy. Never know when he’ll strike
I trust Scar
I'm envious of the fact that you're able to push yourself past what you're afraid of just to make the thing you dreamed of making. I really hope you are doing good wherever you are, and you deserve  any award that anyone honors you.  I TRUST SCAR!
Who watches mind craft instead of playing? 👀
18:44 Jelly meows! 😆
Scar take your time it’s ALWAYS worth it
OFC I trust u Scar!! Btw u should use replay mod as it would help you bring more life to your timalapses!!
I trust scar!
wait for the little pedestal shop thingies in front of the castle at the path circle thing maybe build like a platform so it would look cool and kind of leveled?
I trust scar because he a really good builder.
awesome !!! ^_^
I trust you scar
in scar we trust
I TROST SCAR!!!!!!!
I hope can build some rides before the season ended Scar <3
I trust Scar
#ItrustScar
I trust Scar
I love as far how the castle looks like, you do a great job <3
I trust scar
13:00
the castle looks amazing  so i trust the finist castle will look beutiful
I trust Scar…   to finish the back of Scarland.
Since castle is Scar’s phobia, what stops us from calling it a Fortia? xD
I dont understand why you have a phobia of castles HOLY CATS!!! you're knocking it out of the park!! And yes thats pretty much what parenting is like. and its not just toddlers it like that till they are around 10y.o.
for the super speedy highway going into sci fi land you could make a dark tunnel with end rods to make it like jumping to hyperspace from Star Wars
I always have faith that whatever Scar makes will be amazing. This'll be no different!
I trust Scar
i trust scar!
Trusting scar!
I trust Scar! 🎉
12:15 and 18:20 - 18:50 Jellie cameo!
I trust scar o7
I Trust Scar!
I trust you Scar! Even if you leave thr castle as it is now, it still looks absolutely amazing and I can hardly imagine what it will look like as you build an entire other castle behind this wall like you said, but Im sure it will be incredible no matter what and Im super excited!
I trust Scar
Mr. Good Times, man, you do such amazing things with your building. I will never question anything you do EVER. If you say it's going to be amazing, it's going to be AMAZING! Of course, I trust you :)
Always trust you scar! Welcome back, you're doing great
take your time slime
I trust scar.... with the castle not the back of the mountain^^
I trust Scar . . . . . ; )
#ITRUSTSCAR now and forever
We trust you Scar <3
Can't believe doc tried to kill you. Good job escaping the trap scar
i trust scar  you got this!
This is actually not the fastest way to travel in minecraft! Doc built a road that lets you travel 500 blocks a second in Season 8
great video!! your builds are always awesome, even when unfinished!
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar! ❤️
I trust Scar!!
I trust Scar
I trust scar
#ItrustScar, you've never disappointed me with a build before so this won't be different!
I will trust Scar :)
i trust Scar
Scarland looks better than actual Disneyland. I trust you Scar.
I trust scar!
In Scar we trust!
Pshhhhhh who cares if the Scastle takes multiple episodes! It looks amazing and it'd be too much work to make it all in 1 vid by the sheer detail and amazingness that it is.
I trust you scar when it comes to this! What I have done is look at multiple old castles and then put them all together to make a castle , then add Disney accents like brighter colors and such.
Cool!
Scar you killed it! That castle looks amazing! I trust you with my life!
I trust scar
I trust scar
We trust you scar, you got this!🎉❤
i trust scar!!!!
Scar says he has a fear of building castles, then proceeds to smash out the start of an amazing castle. Is there anything this guy can't build?!
I absolutely trust everything Scar does, but for some reason what I'm most looking forward too on Scar's amazing base is not the castle or sci-fi land but the entrance to Scarland, the ticket booth and parking lot and a big sign, just get's me exited :-D
I trust scar!!!
Make a bumper car ride with baby zombie and chickens self driving the carts and bumping into eachother!
Sorry to hear you’ve been going through some heavy stuff. The castle wall looks great
Your transition to finish the bottom of the castle wall was cool!
we trust you scar!!!
#ITrustScar
I trust you, Scar!
I trust scar
Welcome back scar, congrats on getting back. Hope you’ll keep taking care of yourself!
Please don't turn into Grian and not finish the back of the base
I trust scar
i trust scar
i think that scar should make the fast walk way leading up to scar land look like star wars when they go hyper speed
I TRUST SCAR!!!
Scar … your a total beast! You shouldn’t doubt yourself as a builder, that castle will be aaaamazing! 👍
Nearly 2 million subscribers!!
I think i speak for a lot of people in saying I TRUST SCAR
I trust scar 👌👍
i trust you scar
Make a draw bridge with the castle gate :)
I trust Scar! This is gonna be so awesome, take all the time you need! 😄☺
Poke man 😂
I trust scar
#trustgtwscar ❤
Scar, you have inspired me to make a comic about a disabled superhero, because you are a superhero to us. The main character is inspired by the inspiring Scar.
I trust scar
I trust scar!
I trust Scar!  This castle is going to look amazing!
Maybe for bridge back to grey colors. Neutral iron metal concrete feel.  Think Disneyland bridges, they don’t distract your eye from the focal points.
That is a very wonderfulistic entrance
I trust Scar, he's is a castle building genius!
I trust scar!! You got this!
Sheesh didn't know we had a professional castle builder over on hermitcraft  gg you did an awesome job
Take care of yourself Scar!! I’m interested in watching your learning process! Everything else that you’ve made has been amazing, so I’m interested to see your spin on castles. My favorite thing though, even if it was just what you chose to put in the video, but you built this after hesitation, and then went “my favorite part about this is…”   That’s something I need to do more
It took me a second longer than I want to admit to understand "the walls are entirely made of walls". Lol XD
take as many episodes as you need! i trust you scar to deliver something absolutely epic!!!
I trust scar！
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust you, Scar!
I trust scar
I don't trust Scar. We ALL Trust Scar❤️
I cannot think of anything I wouldn't trust scar with
The castle looks amazing so far.
Of course we trust you scar! Looking forward to seeing the process 8)
Wb trust you
i trust scar<3
I trust you scar
In scar we trust. This already looks absolutely incredible. It's so so good
I trust scar
Scar is so famous, even YouTube commented!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar to release the audiobook
i trust scar 6:30
You got this Scar. If anyone can build an amazing castle on their first time trying, it's you.
I trust scar
I trust you Scar!
I TRUST YOU SCAR
I trust scar
I trust you Scar! Can't wait to see what's next :D Take your time, as good things take time anyway! Thanks for the video!
I trust Scar always and forever!
U gonna play against Doc 😊 in the tcg
I trust Scar!
LOL now we're definitely departing from Disneyland, where the castle would be like...  23 blocks tall....  Magic Kingdom only gets max 60 blocks!  This is gonna be breathtaking!
THAT CASTLE IS HUGE
👍
i always trust scar when it comes to building and cheering me up
Omg you hear Jellie at 18.50😍
I trust scar
12:16 I like to think Jellie was helping you cast some video magic with her meow :))☺️
I trust Scar
amazing work as always Scar! keep on keepin on!
I’m the opposite, in that I wanted to do medieval castles from the start. I come from traditional homey homes in The Sims, so it will be years before I can ever think in the scale you’re working. That is [colorful metaphor] amazing. I am jealous.
I trust Scar! So proud of you for conquering your phobia, you never disappoint!
Make a bumpercart arena with a couple zombie chicken mobs in a minecarts :D
I trust Scar
I trust the soon to be 2Million subs Scar to nail the castle!
I trust scar :)
I got my scarland hoodie in early january. absolutely love it!!!!
I trust Scar! I also can hear a Jelly in the background around 11:45 hehe
I trust scar
i trust scar!!
Another day scar casually creating chunk errors.
I trust scar
Man, that wall is menacing! I can already tell it's gonna be one heck of a castle!
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
I trust scar
Bro im working on a castle rn and i thought it was huge and amazing and then i saw this 💀😭
I trust scar will get demolished by the goat!
scar: obviously it needs a bit more detail me: thats better than anything i could build in a millenia
Just reached 6.39 in the video, and I wanted to say that I trust Scar, and love his building and content and style of EVERYTHING (In game, in video, in life). ❤️
pokimAn?
Of course I trust you Scar!
dont worry bout the castle progress. IT LOOKS AMAZING!!!
In scar we trust too beee amazing!!!
Almost at 2 million subs🎉
I trust Scar! 😊
0:21 I was born in 2010....  He has feared something for probably roughly as long as I've been alive.
I always trust Scar!
Of course I trust you Scar! This is something you're passionate about so it'll end up amazing! It's off to a great start too!  The only thing I'm worried about is the airplane warning lights that'll have to go on top lol
WE trust scar
I trust Scar. I trusted him even if he didn't mention this. Scar is a magnificent building genius.
Soul Speed 255. Lightning fast.
I sure hope my future wife is horry not 😂
I trust Scar :P
I trust you scar
Everyone: Pokemon Scar: Pokeman
Self propelled zombies in a minecart sounds like a bumper car ride
Trust you scar, you're the best❤❤ (some would even say GOAT)
I trust Scar! You always make my day brighter, and I am happy to wait for your masterpieces.
dont worry man ww trust you. ur free to get some breaks if ur tired it's not like you are forced yo build it. but still we do trust you
You got thisScar!!!!
12:15 Jellie :D
Beautiful castle, dude! I trust you and your vision, Scar! Also, can confirm raising toddlers = wrangling baby zombies! I also loved hearing Jellie’s “commentary” occasionally throughout your video! 😊
Bruhh just realized that scar is soo close to Hitting 2 million subs letsssss goooo🤌🤌🤌
You got this dude i trust ya
WHEN BUILDING THE BACK OF EVERYTHING,,, I TRUST SCAR THE MOST THAT GRIAN 🙄🤣😅
The trolley in front of the castle looks like pery the platypus
Always trust a HotGuy
I trust scar!
We trust,love & Adore you scar keep calm and do amazing ❤️
#ITrustScar
Ww trust you scar!! Your builds surpass normal expectations even just in concept, and the truly never fail to amaze me. Take your time, the rest of the audience and I will love it regardless of how long it might take  <3
I trust Scar! :D
I TRUST SCAR
Of course we trust you scar. You got this!!
I'm okay with it if this takes a whole year! That just means I get to watch a year more of content
Looks amazing Scar! and of course I trust you :) For the bridge, maybe you could use some of the mangrove wood? And I think some roses/climbing roses would look great on those walls :D
Trust Scar all day, every day! He always delivers the best builds!!
That's a clever use for the bundles, the castle looks awesome so far, & I trust Scar :)
Don't worry Scar, we trust you and it already looks wonderful! <3
Could you have led the chicken with seeds?
I trust Scar! :D Honestly though, you've done such an incredible job with everything you've already built this season, I have no doubt that the castle will also be incredible!
I trust scar!! I believe in youuu. It's beautiful so  far♡
Go Scar go! I trust ya
Great Build SCAR!!!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar
I trust ya scar! Megabases aren't built in a day or an episode. The start you've got here looks gorgeous :)
I trust you scar
I trust Scar
In Scar we trust.
i trust scar
Beef said that all of the TCG decks are about equal so that everyone can start on equal footing. You'll have to buy more pack if you want an edge :)
I trust Scar <3
18:48 jellie makes an appearance
I trust Scar
i trust scar :DD
Wow! Your castle looks amazing! (honestly I think I would rather go here than Disney..) It honestly looks great!
MAPS CAN STACK?
We trust you, Scar! Also, you should totally get some help from Gem on your castle. If you haven’t watched her Empires S1, she built a fairy tale mage tower with crystal dragons. Not to mention S2 and of course her current HC castle which is amazing!
I believe in you ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
chaffed to bits xD jolly ho!
What was it Jung said? Within each man lies a great multiplicity. Or something like that. That said We trust you Scar!
I've always believed in you you're one of the best builders/Terraformars I've ever seen
Scare!! It looks like the eye of sauron in the middle of the castle, mabey light up behind it to make it show more? 🤪
bros making disneyland
“Please be patient this is a learning experience” *proceeds to build one of the most beautiful Disney-esque fronts to a castle Ive ever seen*
The castle is off to an incredible start! It's gonna be amazin'! Loved the video. Can't wait to see what's next!
I believe in you Scar. You got this with the Castle
I love the way the hermits have all been kinda doing the same sorts of things. It feels like a relief after the epic chaos that was the cross over
I absolutely love the gothic direction you're taking with the castle! It's not the direction I expected, but that's certainly not a bad thing when it looks so freaking good and is in an architectural style I adore!
I think it's too big scar, like I thought u had other plans for this amusement park other than the castle. Not to mention that it will wreck the scale of everything else.
I trust Scar! :3
I trust you Scar, it's better to take things slow and have it look perfect than rushing and it look rubbish.
What a guy. Claims he's still learning to build these castles and large structures, then proceeds to build one of the most beautiful structures I've seen. Keep up the awesome work.
I trust scar
You’re younger than me and I watch your videos, so you’re not that old, also they should have build the dolphin speedway underground so it doesn’t go through bases or look like an eyesore
12:00 is that jellie I hear?
pokeman lol
Hey Scar, if your reading this I loved the castle. If you get a chance I have suggestion for Scarland, I think you should design your own Scarland theme music. P.S. I trust you Scar.
Take 10 episodes if you need to, I'll be here watching!
Trust scar i do…
Do not fret hot guy, for we put our trust onto you!
Oh I absolutely trust Scar. Take the time you need, Scar--I have total faith that your castle will be as amazing and as lore-filled as your builds usually are. Just have fun with it, it's already looking amazing.
Scar OH my goodness that castle is already looking AMAYYYZING!
you should name the castle, scartle
We trust in Scar!
Oh Scar, don't sell yourself short. What you can accomplish in one episode of Hermitcraft is greater than anything I've done in 10 years of playing this game. Love it!
I trust Scar
I trust scar very very jellie much
I trust you, Scar. It'll be amazing!
#itrustscar
I trust scar
Noooo scar you need to turn up your note block sounds when you press the card vending machine.
We trust you, Scar! Take however long you need on the castle and it'll be a delight to watch every time you show us an update on the progress. It already looks SO amazing! Hope your heavy times get lighter soon 💛💛💛
All of the starter decks are balanced but you missed out on the note block song 😭
I trust scar and also am very glad he’s back to perhaps take part in some cards
rope bridge using leads and chickens could look nice.
I kept hearing jellie 😂 such a sweet kitty
I trust scar
6:42 I specifically paused the video and switched from watching on tv to my phone so I could type out I TRUST SCAR bc I absolutely do! I’m chronically ill/disabled myself, don’t EVER feel like you need to push yourself harder for our entertainment PLEASE! 💜💜💜 I think I speak for most, if not all, of your fans when I say, we care about YOU much more than if a project, or episode, or anything else is done in any amount of time. I hope your health (physical and mental) is doing as well as it can be. I know for us chronically I’ll people, “well” isn’t always the same, so I just hope you’re feeling the best you can, and that if you’re not, you’ll hopefully be feeling that soon! 💜 -Katie Smith (I share a YouTube w/ someone bc lots of things I don’t wanna get into and I hope anyone who sees this can understand the whole “I’m chronically ill, and it’s complicated, and I don’t wanna explain just this moment” 😅)
I liked the video because you are not old
I trust SCAR!!
I trust you scar
Scar POKEMAN!?!!!!!?!?!!?!??!?!? It’s Pokémon
This one deserves a like, Keep goin on this castle Scar!
I trust scar and i CAN'T wait to see the Process🤗
I trust you scar. Who wouldnt
I trust scar!! I know he’s gonna do a great job no matter how long it takes!! Don’t rush it!
Always trust ya Scar :) Awesome build already and it's just the start! I know whatever you make will be fantastic
Scar, take all the time you need. I trust Scar!
Looking great so far. I don't think I've ever seen a Hermit build their mega base in one episode! That'd be insane.
I trust Scar 😼
I trust Scar
in trust we scar, from a fellow dislexic
I TRUST SCAR
I trust Scar!
I just hope you are doing ok scar.
18:45 Jelly noises?? mer-roaw! :}
#ItrustScar !
It is physically impossible to not trust our most amazing superhero HotGuy!
I trust scar!
i trust you scar! remember- minecraft is art and art means learning and exploring your own limits and boundaries!  i hope you use some purple things iin the castle! its the color i most associat with magic
Hi Scar your castle is really taking shape. Rome wasn't built in a day and nor will your castle , so take all the time you need and get it right. you are doing great keep it up. I trust your judgement on this. 👍
no matter what Scar builds I know its gonna be amazing
Pokeyman should be Hotguy’s secondary sidekick.
Get cubfan to make a flying machine door opener. I'm sure you can swindle that trade.
I trust scar!
I trust scar
I am so glad you didn't try to do it in one episode!
*@GoodTimesWithScar* 8:46 Let the castle float....               ...Just add some HUGE flaming rocket engines under the towers, to keep it floating ;P
I trust scar ❤l😊😊
If a wall you make looks THAT GOOD I can't wait to see the full build. I will always trust you scar <3
i trust scar!!!! looks INCREDIBLE so far. you are amazing!!
Castle is looking fantastic scar. Though might I suggest adding a fountain coming out of the walls and feeding the river? That way it looks like the water is being pumped upward from somewhere and its not just a river on a cliff that realistically shouldn't exist.
I trust scar with my life]
Wow!!! If your going to start a castle the only way to go is Westeros Mode. Looks great so far!!!!
I trust u scar!! It already looks amazing, cant wait for more! I hope ur tough times get better :D
I trust scar
I trust Scar.
the castle looks gorgeous! awesome video, the pacing is great
I trust scar 100% <3
i trust scar! it'll turn out great :) its ALREADY looking great!
300? Are you going to kick people off of it?
the perspective on those walls is blowing my mind!!!!! they look like they curve out as well as having a curved top. i love how the wood struts give the shadowed effect and using walls was brilliant. this was a huge and impressive start to a very long project, take your time scar we trust you!!!!
I trust you scar :D
11:56  Jellie has an opinion on the castle.
i thnk this is my favorite base youve ever done!! absolutely breathtaking
In scar we trust :)
nice Episode! i love ur videos scar
I trust scar. Im glad he doesnt seem to be over pushing himslef. Hope he knows how much his community cares about his health and that we are already impressed with it all. ❤
I trust Scar!!!! <3
I trust scar. Don't care how long it takes just as long as you have fun.
jelly can be mascot😊
the castle is looking INCREDIBLE, can’t wait to see what’s to come of it! 🏰
I trust Scar
Welcome back Scar!! Glad to see you upload again :) Keep taking care of yourself before worrying about uploading ❤
We need build boards on the super speedy highway, like “south of the boarder” when driving on US-1
Always trust Scar. And that castle already looks awesome <3
MY BROTHER IN CHRIST YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH I TRUST YOU.
Scar needs to talk to Beef and Xisuma to set up an Arena I'm Scarland
In scar we trust :)
OF COURSE, I trust Scar.  The START of the Castle looks beautiful.  Can't wait to see where you take it from here.
I trust scar...to die is the most embarrassing and entertaining ways possible in Minecraft. (Does that count?)
I trust Scar.   And building a huge thing in one episode is 😮 incredible, it also makes me feel like I’m not good because I can’t make a huge thing in a day. So anyway. I trust Scar to pace himself.  Because that’s realistic. 😊
Holy cow! Scar is almost at 2 million! Great job Scar you deserve it! Only ten thousand subscribers left.
I trust scar
TRUST THE PROCESS! this is gonna look amazing scar!!
It's exactly like raising a toddler.
I trust scar
I don’t trust scar
I started laughing out loud at the last part XD
I trust Scar!!
i trust scar, the process, and our overlord jelly
Amazing work as always, Scar!
i trust u scar!
Keep it going scar. Stepping out of your comfort zone is really good for your skill. We all know you are going to do the best you can do. Keep it up
I TRUST SCAR
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
I TRUST YOU SCAR!!!!!!!!!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar <3 the castle looks AMAZING!!!
I trust Scar :)
Scar, about your thought of putting the dragon in a cave: it's a cool idea in theory, but in practice it would probably be a nightmare to implement and maintain it, as every time the server restarts, the dragon migrates a little bit towards spawn, and over time you have to do some strategic logging in/out to move it back to the position you want and undo the migration. No matter what you do with the dragon, this is a thing you'll need to deal with, but if you put it in a cave or some other enclosed area, as it migrates over time, it would probably destroy a lot of the walls and custom terrain of its enclosure, which you would have to rebuild every time. Ultimately it's up to you what you do with a dragon, but just be aware that some things would be a harder than others to keep up over time.
I trust Scar, you are a great builder.
This castle is already looking amazing! I absolutely trust you Scar <3 BTW, If you hover your mouse over the TCG cards in your inventory it says how rare it is in the name of the card.
You should make a health and safety business.
the TCG deck is a retextured bundle
By the power of gray skull!!!😂
Pokeman?
Scar take you time on videos ❤ take care of your mental health  Also the castle looks great!
you should bild a TCG arena in Scarland
I trust scar
Scar you got me into Minecraft and i haven't looked back since :) I TRUST YOU FELLA
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust Scar
100% toddlers are baby zombiejockeys
I trust you Scar
i trust scar- he's an amazing builder i trust that he'll be able to overcome this challenge of minecraft castles!
I trust you Scar! Take as many episodes as you need! I'd love to see the process of you building over several week or even months! Do it at your pace and don't let anyone pressure you ❤️ it's gonna be amazing, so don't rush
I trust Scar!
I trust you scar!
i fully trust scar and im so excited to see the castle build over time!!
i trust scar!!
So glad to see you back Scar ❤️ only just started the video and I've already got a big smile
Scar, that castle is already so amazing, especially for your first time ever building one!!!
i trust scar
Scar, it is good to see you doing what you do best, pushing boundaries with your amazing imagination and artistic eye.
I TRUST YOU SCAR!! 💛✨
I trust scar
number 30 on trending :o
I would add the copper like you have on the entrance to the 2 side towers. Just those 2 would look awesome
18:42 Jellie Cameo!!!!
I trust ya! Looks great and I can't wait to see the finished thing.
I trust Scar (to finish the castle in no more than 2 episodes, including this one).
Castle looks stunning, Scar! You got this!
I trust Scar
All the TCG starter packs are pretty ballanced... they neither are that rare but not bad at all. They are just for you to get started in the game.:)
Any updates on Cute Guy (Grian)?
hi scar
I trust Scar.
Nice reference to the "Back-side of Water" there. Glad you're doing better, welcome back!!!
Scar.... your positive that this is the first time you've ever built a castle? Because good lord, if that's true, you have got to be one of the greatest builders in the history of mankind. o7
#ItruetSCAR
You're doing a great job keep it up the start of the castle looks good.
It's good to see your back scar. My son says you should do a drawbridge and a gate for the castle entrance.
Man, I can't explain how much I trust this guy😂 I don't know why, i DID NOT question him for a second when he was building the start of that castle, clearly, it's going to take a little bit to get it finished but still, complete respect for it, it looks awesome. But just something i want to say, I know Scar wouldn't be able to read my mind and the things I would think that would look cool for the castle or his base in general, well unless I say them, but I just know him and what he would do I guess? And to be honest sometimes I think we have the same taste in stuff like this😂 and just for the first time in a long time while he was building that castle I just, completely trusted someone, i usually always have a bit of doubt in my brain with anyone but here, really just, not, 100% I knew, that he was going to add more color so it really feels more like him. And also like right before he said he really doesn't like the bridge, I said the same thing in my mind but I thought it would be too rude to say so I didn't, but I just started laughing after that point like yeah, same😂.
I trust scar, nobody should be expected to build a massive castle when they just stopped despising them
I TRUST SCAR
I trust Scar
scar i 110% trust ya with this amazing castle
Scar killed the MCC mascot :(
i trust scar
i think the bridge would look better if it was more of a gradual slope
Dude. You could spend 50 episodes on the castle and i'd still be impressed. #iTrustScar
I trust scar
I trust Scar  tbh I would rather see it built in parts especially if you get to go more into the process behind it all, great learning opportunity!
I trust you scar  and its better to have fun on a project like that then to just finish it as fast as you can.
Of course we trust you scar! You never disappoint man!
Man... I'd go back to 2010 if I could o.O  Also, what did you expect from a dragon other than it to breathe fire... Doesn't breathe fire, it's just a lizard or a gargoyle
We Trust you scar!!!!!!
In Scar we trust 🤘🏽💙
I trust scar
I trust you, Scar ❤
In scar we trust
I trust Scar with everything except my life LOL
I trust scar
I trust jellie
Of course I trust Scar that his castle will be amazing! We all do! It'd be silly to think otherwise. Way to go, my dude, tackling one of your biggest obstacles head on! If only I had a fraction of your courage myself, haha.
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!
I don't think you have to complete an enormous build per episode, I just love watching you enjoy this amazing game and your creative process. I don't think you have to force yourself to complete something or make a big complex build per episode. Just enjoy yourself man. Love to you and a big hug!!
I trust scar
I trust Scar and the process!
Did scar just said pokeman? 😂
Will scar and bdubs have to move the redstone store and moss o menos/the mud shop to make way for the speedy highway?
I trust scar
I trust you scar do your best work and we should be happy. Keep it up man.
I trust scar
I trust scar
I don't know if Scar calling it "Pokeman" is the cutest thing ever or "this is like my parents miss naming things on purpose". both is good. it was cute
What a beautiful start!!! You put the crastle to shame! (Sorry Bdubs) So glad to see this video, it was well worth the wait!!!
Almost 2M subs!
Good
WE TRUST SCAR!💙
I TRUST SCAR!!!
I trust Scar!
as many of us have already mentioned and i don't wanna repeat but, i always trust scar.
“Landscaping” 😂 that had me dying laughing. Keep up the good work your the best! ❤
In Scar we trust!
I trust Scar, I like the castle so far.
I believe in you Scar!
I trust scar~ now people who build castles in one day, not so much. Also baby zombies going on a go kart ride sounds like it fit right in scarland
I trust scar!!
I trust scar
Is that a mod, the animation of chicken and baby zombie?
In Scar we Trust
Wow, that is beautiful!😃
I trust that Scar will build the prettiest castle ever 🥳🥳
I trust you scar, you got this
I trust you Scar! 100%! sending my love and support <3
I always trust Scar to deliver the Good Times
The fish has caught the bait   (I trust scar)
If I trust Scar, and YOU trust Scar, who is trusting Jellie?!
I trust Scar and his castles
WE ALL TRUST YOU SCARRRR!!! YOU'RE DOING GREAT!!
I trust scar! I’m sure the castle will look absolutely amazing
Don't force yourself to do more than you can handle, Scar! We don't want you to burn yourself out trying to make each video better than the next one. Still, every time I see a build of yours, finished or not, my eyes bug out and I have to squeak "Scar!!! What the heck, Scar?!?!!!" So yes we all trust you
Thank you for the video
So gald you are back I love the castle
I love the positioning of the castle too, watch the sunrise from it and the beautiful sunset behind it
I trust you, Scar!
I trust scar
It looks like Disneyland's Castle
Always happy to wait for your videos Scar,  the castle looks amazing!!
Oh hey, side note about your sorting system. It might be too spread out. Part of the redstone might be out of render diatance
I trust SCAR!!!
Trust you scar and yes that’s exactly what it’s like to raise a toddler, I have no idea how the human race has survived as toddlers are constantly trying to kill themselves and others 😂
Scar you should make the bridge a bridge that comes from the water below gets built block by block through pistons. I think it would make it more immersive and mystical!
I TRUST SCAR!
i trust scar.
I definitely trust Scar... always. You are a super-fast learner, your castle looks amazing. RIP to the mascot. My sympathy gor your loss.
I 120% trust Scar!!!!! I know it is going to look amazing when you finish it in your own time!
I trust Scar.
I trust scar
Scar, we have always trusted you. You are doing amazing! Just keep being you :) Rome wasn't built in a day, and that's ok. Scarland is easily my favorite build this season, and so however long it takes that is ok! It's an honor to be on this adventure with you :)
I loved it
I have full trust in scar
Scar reflecting on playing Minecraft in 2010 makes him feel old. Me reflecting on the fact that Richard Nixon was president when I was born. 😄😅
WE TRUST SCAR!!!❤
I trust Scar. I also love Jellies cameos
I trust you scar you can definitely build a fantastic castle
scar you need to build an TCG arena in scarland that way you can meet up with beef and xisuma to host a tournament like Pegasus from yugioh
I trust scar
We believe in you Scar! A good name for the castle in keeping with the themes would be Sleeping Kitty's Castle. Besides the royal Jellie needs a place to sleep!
I tryst scar
I trust Jellie!
we trust you scar!!!! <3333
As a mother of 5 I feel qualified to say that yes, the bit with the zombie is almost exactly like raising a toddler. Even the zombie’s name was perfect, just like the big innocent eyes the kids give you after destroying half the house… you know, that sad puppy dog look that literally says, “don’t kill me please.”
I trust you scar
i trust scar!!
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar 😎
How can someone build something like that
I TRUST SCAR
OMG scar! you are AMAZING!!!!
It looks so gooooodddd .... I trust scar
#itrustscar
I trust the process. I mean, it's you, Scar. You can build anything in Minecraft.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I'm sure that this castle will look amazing!
I would advise against putting your new dragon in a cave. One of the issues Doc has been having with his dragon is that it tends to drift over time, and it'll delete blocks when it does. The cave won't last very long.
i trust you scar
I trust Scar! It's already looking really good!
I trust scar
Take your time Scar, we'll be here ^^ #NeverForgetTheBigDig
I trust Scar wholeheartedly. You don't have to do anything in one episode, Scar Small progresses are alright
I trust anything scar does! He could just start and take the entire season to do it and I’d still be hyped!
"I was never into Pokey-man as a kid." The giveaway is how you pronounce Pokemon, which gave me great pain. Still! Castle looks great so far Scar, and don't worry about taking your time with it - I remember how long Grian's mansion thing took in season 7, and it was worthwhile to just watch the journey, as it will be with your build! :)
“Poky Man”
I trust scar.
Can I just say, I really love Scar timelapses. I really enjoyed seeing the wall of the castle come together. It was like watching someone paint. You are a true minecraft artist, Scar! I can't wait to see the castle come together over time. No pressure to have it be all in one episode :)
i trust scar ♥
If only there are projectors in Minecraft, it would’ve been so cool to have the projectors project something on the castle wall  Edit: spotlights, water jets, lasers, all of that would’ve been very cool if it was possible in survival lol
I believe in you Scar. You have inspired me to make my builds reach new levels. Wish you all the best, take the time to enjoy everything you are doing. We love your videos but your health is most important.  Jelly land is amazing
I trust you and i know you will finish the back because you are not grian
I trust scar 😜
Scar, look, ive been building for 10 years now, and I still cant fathom the thought of being as good as you. Dont let those condescending people get to you, keep it up man.
So close to 2 million
The card box is a bundle with a custom sprite.
We trust you Scar!
Also remember “AQUASCAR” when he was “running” away from grian?
Oooh, the castle is looking amazing so far!! Great job!!
I TRUST SCAR!!!
I trust scar!
I Trust Scar
I TRUST YOU SCARRRR
I trust you Scar.
Maaaaan castle is looking incredible big time already! So hyped for the finished version. Hopefully the season won't end before its done. *fingers crossed #itrustscar
Scar has a voice again!
Castle is looking rad! Can’t wait to see what’s to come
Of course we trust you Scar! The castle's wall looks great so far!
GoodTimesWithScar?  no  GreatTimesWithScar  no  BestTimesWithScar
I trust Scar! Actually I appreciate more episodes showing progress and grind… maybe I’m weird… looks Amazing!
All the "Teegeegee" (:P) starter packs are viable for play (so you can just start playing with it), but not the absolutely best pack possible. So there's still room to improve them.  Also, stop adding caveats to your builds Scar. We don't expect you to build a megastructure in one day, and you make gorgeous things, whether they're big or small, they're *always* a delight to see.
I trust scar with my life and afterlife if need be
The castles looking amazing so far, don’t worry we don’t mind waiting for the whole thing cause it’s gonna be massive and I think it’s unreasonable to try and complete it in only one episode. Anyways, thanks for the wonderful video as always Scarr
aww jelly's lil meaows in the background melt my heart 🥰
I trust scar, no. WE trust scar
I trust scar <3 (Also I love to hear Jellie meowing in the background of videos)
I trust scar
I trust Scar, it can take even 10 episodes!
The castle already looks amazing. Can wait to see what it will look like in the end. But I know that a masterpiece can be built in a day. Take your time, an don't burn yourself out for us. We will love it, no matter how long it takes.😎
i trust scar  tbh im not sure if it's possible for scar to make a bad build; and if it is ive never seen one!
I trust scar <3
This castle will not be made for defence for sure, but as a center piece it will be absolutely beautiful!
i trust scar!
The backside of scarland still looks better than anything that I could build
Take your time, Scar! You will always have your fans and we love you! Take care!
i trust scar :D
You should make an underground village under the castle
I trust Scar
I trust Scar, and haven't even seen the end yet ^_^ all your buildings look AmAYYZing buddy x
I trust scar, also you could get a redstone hermit to put a mechanical gate and drawbridge. It could be a fun collab
Huh be trust for B
i trust scar
Does Scar actually have a bedroom for himself anywhere in Scarland, or does he still sleep on the main thoroughfare?
I trust scar
I fully trust you Scar !!!
In scar we trust 🤝
take your time, scar < 33
Scar: "Do you trust me?" Me: "With every cell of my body."
I trust you Scar! How can I not when the gate of the castle already looks incredible. Whether it's you goofing around or making magnificent builds, your videos always makes my day 💖💖
Why does the castle entrance look like Buzz lightyear's gliders
I trust scar~ :)
#wetrustscar
We don’t just trust you we adore you!!! My son said Scar is the best builder I have ever seen!!! We are so glad you are back. We can’t stop smiling!!! ❤
I TRUST SCAR!!!
Arching that wall up toward the center is cool. It gives the illusion that the wall is curved, draws the eye to the center and upward, and the forced perspective makes it look even more massive than it already is. It like it’s looming above.
i was holding my baby niece and she was being a bit fussy, but when i put on this video she was entranced haha! i trust scar, the castle build looks amazing so far <33
I TRUST SCAR. And I think it’s very important for him to take his time ❤
I trust you Scar.  Btw, this definitely bests the old Nether Castle from the original Scarland.. Speaking of, whatever happened to that world?
I trust scar
No, Scar, a toddler is way worse.
Scar i believe in you. And i trust the process. 😂
I trust scar
I trust scar. And if you trust scar, please consider subscribing. It helps scar out a ton.
it needs some banners flying on that entrance! o hope that's a way to bring in color
This isn’t embarrassing! I think peak embarrassment is setting your spawn in the nether
I fully trust scar
It looks amazing! I trust Scar with anything build related tbh. You are an amazing builder and an amazing person too! :D Lots of love to you Scar!
scar I will always trust the proses you are one of the beat builders I've ever seen of course it will take time #trusttheproses
I was born in  2010 so hi uncle scar
I trust Scar <3
I trust Scar. But for the cards contact with Cleo.
I trust Scar.
ofcourse i trust scar!
I trust Scar!
I trust scar!
I trust Scar. You can do it
I feel like scar based scarland off of Disney world
Even if you'll be building the castle for 5 episodes, it would be just fine, no rush 😌 we trust ya
we trust you scar!! no matter how long a build takes its so much fun to watch you create art.
Scar I believe the TCG starter pack is a satchel, how that item works is you hover over a random item and it will collect until the satchel has reached its limit of 64 items. You click to release the inside of the satchel.
A moat like that is the perfect place for a drawbridge. With a nice big counterweight on the inside.
When the castle wall was floating, it looked like it was flexing XD
I trust you! <3
That is far too calm to be a toddler. A real child would have thrown the flower pot to the floor, stolen all of your stuff and run around with it on pretending to be you, made a fort and demanded juice and snacks for the return of your stuff, then fallen asleep
i trust scar to finish the castle. (maybe not the dirt XD)
Wow, the castle already looks absolutely incredible. Take all the time you need-- we trust you
I trust Scar! :P
Scar: don't worry, this bridge is only temporary. If you have better ideas, please put them in the comments me: But the bridge looks good :/ I like the bridge, it's a nice size/quantity contrast to the size of the castle and the colours and form do not disturb the landscape, why change it?
Next time you need to move a mob, you should ask Tango and Impulse if they could bring their D.E.R.P. expertise! Also you should totally see about adding a Hermitcraft TCG arena to the theme park! It could be themed like a western shootout or a Pokémon arena
I trust scar!
#WeTrustScar Also, shoutout to Jellie at 18:46
I Trust Thundergun. I mean, Hot Guy. Uh, no, Scar! That's it.
#trusttheprocess
Looking amazing Scar - absolutely trust you!
I trust scar
Wow Scar, that looks incredible! One piece of advice that I have, although the castle is not done, is to add some form of color or dimension on top of those side towers since they look a little flat on top. Such an amazing build though. The thumbnail does not do it credit.
I trust amazing scar 😁
Oh my God scars temporary bridge looks 100times better than any bridge I've ever built!
scar I saw you collect moss. you know that bdubs has a moss shop?? you don't have to eat up the world for moss 😉
I trust Scarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
SCAR it's pokemon not pokeman
#ITRUSTSCAR Go on man im willing to see all of it and ofc. the process :3
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust scar!
pokeman
Scar: I know there's a trend that you must build the most enormous thing in one video, but it's a learning process for me at it may take a couple of episodes, please be patient  Also Scar: proceeds to build the most enormous thing in one video that I might never be capable to build in several months of survival
We all trust you scar❤
Scar: hey I heard you like megabases so I put another megabase into my megabase :) you brilliant mainiac you.
I trust scar
I know that I'm not alone when I say that I don't care if the project takes 1 episode or 50. Go at your own pace
You got it scar! I trust you. I spend around 100 hours on a castle building in creative with worldedit, so i am already in awe how much progress you make on so little time.
I trust Scar as I always have and always will!
I trust scar
I trust Scare. Hope you are doing better.
I trust scar
I trust Scar The castle really does look beautiful so far
Last year at school we did a thing called balloon debate. We had to choose one person, living or dead, that we would want to be left in a balloon sinking over the ocean with everyone in it.   I chose scar  The things he does, the things he has to go through in life. These are the reasons I chose him. He goes through so much yet manages to still make amazing content for us all.  Basically, I really trust scar. I love this man and his content.   Please keep it up scar, I believe in you!
The castle looks stunning!
Noone can doubt that I truly trust Scar
I trust you Scar!
18:48 hi jellie :)
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
I trust scar!
i trust scar
Thats a cool looking Castle but i cant Help but see it as some sort of spacecraft Just sitting there. With Like two extremely big Wings and cannons at the end. Looks Like one of These old arcade spaceships
Scar you coud post a video on literally anything and we would love seeing it! We love seeing you and your personality, because you're an amazing, inspiring person! Please don't worry about disappointing us in any way because you never have and we care first and foremost about you and your well being ♥️ we love that you let us be part of your life, love you mate ♥️
we trust you scar! :D
I trust Scar!
Я доверяю скару! 😄
You are amazing good sir loving all this can't wait to see more 🥰
i trust scar
I trust scar
We trust and love you Scar. Welcome back <3
I trust Scar. Watching on my Xbox, commenting on my phone ❤️
I love how an unfinished build by Scar with unfamiliar theme and style still looks better than literally anything my puny mortal mind could conceive.  I support Scar, which sounds like a campaign slogan Scar from the lion king would use ngl
We always trust you Scar :D
I trust you scar! even if you built a glazed magenta terracotta and diorite house I'd love it bc you'd find some way to make it look cool!
I trust you with my life Scar :)
I trust scar
I trust in Scar! The castle is amazing!!!!
I trust Scar
i trust scar
HELL YEAH !!! I TRUST SCAR
Scarland will be THE best minecraft project to ever exist.
Of course I trust you Scar
Wow scar, it’s so much more interesting and detailed than I could have expected!
This guy really just said Pokimane instead of "Pokemon"
Scar please don’t put any time-related pressure on yourself. You build amazing things, so we don’t care how many episodes it will take. The castle looks amazing already, I am excited to see it and the theme park progress over time!
I TRUST SCAR
Ig i trust you scar ;)
how could i not trust scar? the man never disappoints
Has pokey-man got anything to do with fencing?
I TRUST SCAR!!!
I trust you scar!!
Scar calling Pokémon, “Pokéman” is the cutest thing 😂
" I wasn't into pokimane as a Child" --- Scar.
We Trust Scar! I’m just glad to see him back on YouTube 🎉
You are amazing and im so trust u to make the most beautiful castle in minecraft. You got so much skills. Love ur work
I trust Scar
Scar :) when I had surgeries, morphine effected my reading, I would switch letters easily. It’s been about 20 years and I’ve retrained my eyeballs. I hope that info helps :)
I trust scar
Scar I've trusted you since the very first video of yours I've seen. I know it'll look amazing just like all of your builds !!
Can you compare the speedy highway with a boat on ice. Ps: I still think the boat is faster.
As Gem would say, you have to trust the process. You have never failed to do anything short of amaze me with your builds and landscaping. I'm sorry to hear that you have been going through some stuff. Just take care of your self. Videos will come when they come. You are important and you need to take care of your self.
We love you scar!!!! The castle is soooooo impressive! You’re just so talented!!!!!!! Take your time, don’t be stressed out, it’s okay, we can wait!!
Even his rush job bridge is better then most of my building skills lol
I always have faith in you Scar. Absolutely beautiful build so far
I trust Scar
i'm gonna be so sad when this season ends. I don't want scarland to ever go away
#ItrustScar
Amazing Castle!!! God work! I believe in Scar!
love the castle scar! It’s beautiful (: ❤
You have to be careful with a dragon cave scar. It would have to be incredible huge to accommodate the dragon because it will destroy any block it touches, and it slowly drifts whenever it gets unloaded and reloaded so it could eventually drift into your builds!
for season 10 u should def do star wars theme to your base!
I trust scar
this castle already looks amazing!! your builds are always gorgeous, dont worry about them being works in progress! its so exciting to see them get completed over a longer period in time, rather than rushed over in one episode!!
Hi scary i love your vifd they make me smile :<)
I trust Scar :3
Scar got an Etho! And a TNT, nice
Have you thought of making hOtGuY wings. Coz you have that signature elytra swoop shoot. This is just a suggestion but it could look cool 😎
About the TCG, If you hover over the cards, they say in the title if they are Common, Uncommon, or Rare. Also there are multiple rarities for each of the Hermit cards so unless you actually hover over all the cards, we can't really tell you much. The icon doesn't really give much info.
we trust you scar. you can do this!!
From a castle builder, it's looking great! I trust Scar.
One wall down, Many more to go. Good luck, Scar.
Hey Scar! I'm loving the start to your castle. One suggestion is maybe when your building up to make it uncimetrical. Anyway you are awesome scar
I trust Scar with building not so sure about anything else
I trust you, Scar! :3
Cleo knows how to play! I trust you'll make the castle great! Why dont you ask grian to help with the back
I trust Scar.  Trust the process. Learning and growing is one of the best parts of life and never let anyone discourage you from that.  Ps.. Don't take anything you don't want deleted to your duel with Doc. Just sayin', it's Doc after all.
Glad to see you back, Scar! I noticed that the hole under the Jellie statue is still there so if you want an easy way to fix it, I’m pretty sure all you have to do is use a couple of pistons to push the block of your choice in place past the armor stands!
you almost 2mil subs!!!!!!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar! 2,3,4,5, or season long builds idc you always deliver!
Scar we always trust you no matter what 😊 Also for the bridge I would maybe use different color blocks to differentiate the bridge and the walkway. Hope this helps 😊
I Absolutely and Undoubtetly trust Scar!
We trust u Scar <3 🖤
scar is like oh im so sorry yhat i cant build the most massive castle in one episode while grian is working on his base since the start of season 9 and did nothing for the last 2 months😂
I trust u.
Love the castle build so far. And i certainly trust Scar! glad you are back :)
I trust scar
i trust you, scar!
I think all the Starter Decks from the TCG have the same amount of rare cards, with 2 rare hermits (for you Wels and XB), and one rare effect card (your crossbow). Starter Decks are designed to be roughly balanced with one another as well.  But, your one is particularly good in several ways: Rare Wels and Rare XB are particularly good and simple cards to use (Wels deals more damage the lower hp he has, and XB ignores an enemy's armour buffs, etc.) The composter is a good card which lets you get rid of bad cards and replace them, and the TNT deals a lot of damage.  From what official games i have seen, a lot of Hermits don't expect damage buffs to be in your hand, so your Crossbow and TNT will likely secure you some knock outs  You also have a primarily balanced type deck (the grass blocks) which are the easiest to use because no other type will deal extra damage to those Hermits (in your deck Beef, Etho. Hypno and Ren).   Personally I'd say your deck is a really good one to teach the essentials of the game because the effects and Hermits you have deal pretty good and simple buffs. Which is likely what Beef and Cleo were angling to do when they made the starter decks. I happily await your first TCG game  Anyway, thanks for the episode Scar: I really like the moat and the walls in particular. I think the outer walls are, from a distance, going to frame the inner keep really well!  I went to Disneyland Paris most years when I was a kid and I am pumped to see your rendition of the dragon in the cave
I trust Scar, I believe in him, and I know that he is a inspiration and light, that make me smile even more after just hearing him talk. You Go Scar, Shine like the star you are
I trust scar
You have my trust scar, that build looks amazing!
Scar I absolutely loved the castle wall, can't wait for the actual castle.
I trust in you scar! take your time, burn out is no fun and we'd like to see you having fun!
THE USE OF WALLS ON THE WALL !!
I trust scar, he never dissapointed me. Its always okay to take your time, especialy when you're out of your comfort zone edit: the castle is gorgeous ♥
The start looks amazing!! And no need to stress, you could make the castle building in one episode or in 30 episodes with sections in each, for uss it would matter we are here for you and your content not just the content:))
You can't have the dragon in there. Withe every unload/load the dragon will drift. Slowly to any side until it destroys your terrain. You at least need it high up in the air, and even then you need to maintain it's drifting.
I trust Scar
We trust you scar
Scar you make it worth to wait I believe it you😉
you can hear jelly I think when scar is checking the TCG that's funny, for a second I thought it was my cat!
I trust scar!!!!!
18:47 Jellie!
I trust scar! I missed scar! I love scar!
i trust scar!
Haha. It's funny to see scar grind for moss when there are at least 4 moss farms on the server 😂.  Everything you build is amazingly beautiful. I trust scar!
I trust scar
I trust Scar!!!!
Scar: You'll notice that the walls are made entirely out of walls  Me: ...
Glad to see you back! The start of the scrastle looks amazing ❤️
i trust you scar! i really do
Don't worry Scar! You don't need to build everything in one episode, it actually is more fun seeing it being built, bit by bit as the time goes by! Well done!
I TRUST SCARRRR!!!!
Scar got Philza'd o7
i trust scar :)
This is the most beautiful castle i have ever seen, good job scar :)
i trust scar
I trust scar to give us more laughs 🤣🤣🤣
Of course we trust you Scar
Scar instead of just building it throughout multiple videos take all of the clips that were in you videos and combined them to make a really cool time laps
Scar, of course we trust you, you really don't need to feel pressured
Knowing what I know when building big builds in Minecraft I know it a 'trust the process' sort of deal. Make sure you take enough breaks between each chunk of building to avoid burnout and know that it may look unfinished now, it'll look spectacular when it is finished. I trust Scar to build this castle to be a massive landmark in the hermitcraft skyline.
I absolutly trust scar
I trust Scar!
#IdonttrustscarasfarasIcanthrowhim but I know whatever he builds will be wonderful. Even the temporary bridge is better than anything I have built!
I trust Scar. I even bought a Scarland T-shirt to support the effort. I know I certainly can't finish a project in one sitting most the time, so props for taking things one at a time!
POKEMAN!!!! noooooooo
Scar, you only need the façade, you don’t have to build what won’t be seen from outside of your park. It’s a Grian’s wetdream.
I trust scar
Almost 2 million subs! Keep it op scar!
No matter what he builds you can always trust scar to pull it off! Let me just say it already looks amazing, great work.
I trust scar! I need to tell you scar, I got quite emotional when you began the castle, I love castles a lot, and seeing you overcoming this fear and building one as you are my favorite Minecraft builder got me emotional. Thanks for this ❤
Be careful Scar, Beef's TCG will be a very deep rabbit hole once you get into it, it's basically taken over every other hermit's entire Minecraft existence.  I don't blame them though, it looks super fun and there's a lot of depth and customization to how it can be played.
Scar: "This might take an episode or two" Me: This would take me two years...
I trust scar
Always, always trust Scar! ❤
Please make a drawbridge, it would look amazing
You can do this Scar!!!! We believe in you!!!
Scar, you have earned my trust.
I crust Star! Ahm... I trust scar.
I trust Scar
Oh my… do you have enough room behind the castle between scarland and the shopping district?
I put all my faith and trust into Mr. h°T GuY
I trust scar
Hey Scar, if you find yourself another Chicken Jockey, keep in mind that they don't take fall damage. If you open up a drop hole above where you want it, you can just push it in and it will float down. Then cover it back up (leaving extra breathing room) and you're good to go.
#itrustscar
I trust Scar!! But you've gotta trust US when we say, you can take all the time and energy you need. Don't rush yourself, don't stress, just take things one bit at a time, okay? Your mental and physical health matters a lot more to us than your builds (though your builds ARE very cool). We care about you immensely and are excited how how things come along, in your own time :)
Yes putting my toddler to bed is just like putting the zombie chicken away
Hahahaha, Scar made scared martin_smartin sounds. I love it! 😂😍
I trust scar. Seriously scar I am in awe with your dedication and imagination.
I trust scar!
Please understand that a giant castle is not a thing you build in one episode. I trust scar and I am sure everyone else does too, so don't worry about the time it takes.
Leaving a comment for the algorithm
Scar builds amazing bridge i can't even think of  Also scar: it's temporary
I trust you scar
U got this castle down scar and it gonna look beautiful 😊
WE TRUST DA SCSAR
o. o thought you took building tips from pearl and were using diamonds in that copper roof for a moment.  as a fellow ‘ehhhhh minecraft castle’ person, this is a fantastic start and im excited to see where we go from here!
Amazing as always. I trust you.
Scarland looks amazing man 😊
Scar, you are one of the trustiest (is it a word?) persons, I’ve ever seen on YouTube, so I trust you, and definitely take your time, you are an awesome person, and I love your videos!!!!!
I love the acacia wood accents on the castle walls
I trust scar
The castle looks amazing, can't wait to see it done!
i love you Scar you are my favorite youtuber
Of course I trust Scar I TRUST YOU SCAR! ✽-(ˆ▽ˆ)/✽
I am scarred for life and proud to be!
I trust scar, for he has never disappointed before
I trust scar!!
I TRUST SCARRR!!!
I trust Scar, with every one of my brain cells. He's going to build something amazing, the most impressing land of all, the most beautiful castle of all, and the happiest place Hermitcraft has ever known.
THE CASTLE ALREADY LOOKS AMAZING
Jellie cameo at the lime arena!
In scar we trust! :D
I always trust Scar.
I believe in scar like I believe in fairies! I do, I do!
I trust you Scar and congrats on almost 2 millions
I trust Scar ❤
Scar... I know you're not seriously calling them PokéMAN but it's not Pocket Mansters. It's POCKET MONSTERS. PokéMON! You have offended me but it's okay because I could never not love you 💙
Scar please im begging you have to build a scale model of rust from mw2 for the 1v1
Well Done the Castle looks great
I trust you !
Of course you don't have to build the whole thing in one episode ! Take the right time and I'm sure it'll look amazing :)
These videos bring me so much joy, I love the castle not to mention just Scar being Scar.
I trust you Scar. How can anybody not trust you with those ears on?
I trust you scar. I'm very proud of you.
I trust scar. 😊 Always
Can I hear Jellie at 12mins+
scar! glad to see you back—don't ever worry about taking 'too long' to build anything, because what you create is already incredible :3c we're happy to walk with you every step of the way as you continue on the castle!
the casle and everything else u hv done is increadable well done scar n it would be inpossible to finish a castle that size in one episode ur doing such a great job n im sorry that ur dealing with some hard things rn i hope it gets better we believe in you <3
Wow Scar, the start to your castle looks beautiful!!!! I can’t wait to see how it progresses, I love the shaping of it!! ❤ What a talent you are!!  😊
I trust you. Scar. Welcome back!
i trust scar
Wow
I trust scar
I trust scar
the scariest thing about moving a chicken jockey around is that you can't heal them. if you give a healing splash potion the zombie gets severely hurt, if you give a harming splash potion the chicken just dies.
Racs tsurt I
Scar makes everything perfect hands down
*I TRUST SCAR!*
I trust scar
Omg scar.   1.99m subs.    So close.   ❤️
I trust Scar! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
i trust...                          scar
I think i know how to make the bridge look good.... By building it in my mc world it would be the best looking thing there. :p. I understand wanting to improve something, but imo theres no need to apologize for it.
Tough his castle's in the air - I trust scar!!
I trust Scar. dont worry scar about having to take breaks, ur health is more  important, have an amazing day, God bless <3
Congrats! Can't wait for 2 Mil subscribers, you're so close!
I trust scar!!!
I trust scar
Docc scared Scar so bad he fell off a clif 😂
I trust scar
A gate? That enormous, stunning, magnificent structure that you've built is just THE gate of the castle? Ooooooooh boy. We're in for a ride, everyone!
Of course I trust you Scar! Your builds are always so good because of all the time and effort you put in to them
I Believe in you Scar. Good luck brothah!
I trust you Scar
I TRUST SCAR! ....other than his pronunciation of Pokemon....
I believe in you scar,😊😊
11:20 Scar really said cap's dialogue
Here u go scar, now you’ll feel less old
YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB SCAR! KEEP IT UP!
I trust Scar
Scar saying he'll defeat Doc had me yelling out loud "don't do it! it's a trap!"
I trust scar
Love it. Camp fires look great in a bridge
I trust scar!!!!
I trust Scar :D
of course I trust Scar, the guy's incredible. like really? the guy didn't complete an entire massive castle in one episode right after having to deal with some stuff, how dare he /extremely thick sarcasm. like many people have said, the stuff you do is incredible, take all the time you need
*I TRUST SCAR*
So happy to have you back, scar!
I trust you Scar!! You don't need to prove to us how cool you are, we already know :] the castle looks absolutely incredible already dude, I can't wait to see where you go with it!! Keep rockin my guy
Hey scar how are u
Ah yes. Pokiman. I love playing Pokiman!
I trust Scar, I trust!
Bumper cars with baby zombie chickens going around??
We trust scar  Like seriously who wouldn't
Glad you’re back! Amazing to see your build style evolve
#ITRUSTSCAR
I trust  Scar 🙂
I really wish beef would sell the cards irl. It would be so cool to buy starter packs and booster packs to play with my friends
I trust scar
Yeaaah you did it ! Don't mind the trend or something, even if  you placed a single block in an episode we would still be happy to have a video from you
I trust Scar! You do amazing work. Take your time and don’t feel rushed!
That path up to the castle... the one that zigs left then zags right up to the landing in front of the gate... it feels unbalanced.  Like, if it went left, then right past center so it could turn back to the left again to get up to the landing, it might balance that up.  Like, it feels like instead of going ( it wants to go Ƨ.
I trust Scar
Scar, take all the time you need with the castle! I miss multi-episode projects so much and this is the perfect one  #ITrustScar
Do a redstone extendable bridge
Scar I would trust you with anything. The castle looks so great! It's not even done and it looks amazing? You should give yourself more credit.   Also it's funny that Scar got killed by a zombie named "Don't Kill Me."
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
Take your time, don't over push yourself, it will be done when it's done and we'll all be here waiting to take the journey with you while you complete it. We trust! It looks amazing already
I trust scar
It seems everybody is building castles and cathedrals lol
"Are you hyped? Yes Im high" 😀 2:02
I TRUST SCAR!
Minus 5 points for calling Pokemon "Pokemans" but <3 you anyways.
I trust you Scar!
I trust Scar! You've already made awesome progress on the castle and I'm looking forward to whatever is coming next! Take all the time you'll need, we're all here for the ride! 😀
i trust scar
I trust u scar but it's pokimOn not pokiman
I trust scar
Hey scar what if your part of the super speedy highway would be something like the super speed in Star Wars!
So Scar, I have been watching you since you've become a part of Hermitcraft. I was amazed by your terraforming skills and knowledge of building in the game I had been playing for years. You made me look outside of the box and just enjoy the creativity the simple game of blocks has to offer. That being said, the thing I love most about watching you specifically is that you always look to improve. Not in the sense that you need to be better at Minecraft but in the sense that you can learn about different aspects of the game that others know better. Watching you build this castle knowing it is out of your comfort zone really took me back to watching you terraform the mesa into a lush biome full of custom trees and campsites. I immediately spent hours after that working on custom trees and making hills (which I am still sub par at lols). But it was watching someone new who had that specific niche of minecraft 'figured out' and realizing that there is more to the game than just planting saplings and growing trees. It's truly beautiful and the way you go about your videos and how you always put your all into them just makes my heart strings vibrate. You are more than just a youtuber/professional minecrafter/hot guy. Thank you for just simply being you. <3
The castle itself is the size of a megabase. Of course it won’t be built in a singular episode 😭
Jellie meowing in the background the whole time killed me XD
I trust scar !
I trust scar 🔥🔥and praying that you are feeling okay 🙏❤️🔥
So good to see a new scar video!
So an idea for sci-fi land the super highway could be a Hyper tube or something similar just a sci-fi type of transportation.
WE TRUST SCAR!! this episode is amazing and so is that detail work on the bottom of the castle. this is one of the best castles I've seen, from someone who doesn't even really do castles. scar you are my favorite builder right now and I can't wait to see where this base goes especially sci-fi land
Contact Zombie Cleo to learn how to play TCG. She's an official game master.
“I made a floating castle but don’t worry - I’ll landscape up to it” all that was in my head “forget Howls moving Castle, we have Scars floating Castle!” Loving it so far and as you said, you have the rest of the season to finish it
I trust Scar
Heck YEAH I trust Scar! The Mona Lisa wasn't painted in a day either. Take your time with it! Your park is already my favorite part of the whole season. Can't wait to see what more adventures you'll take us on ❤
i trust you scar!!!
I trust Scar! (P.S.: The castle looks amazing so far)
Scar, we love you! And we dont care if you take 1 week or 1 year for you to put out a video. As long as you feel alright! That's the only thing we care about!
I trust Scar!!
hows this man dont have 50M subs, amazing person amazing builds truly an artist its insane the amount of detail on anything scar makes, honestly so proud and happy for him, real masterpiece
the castle front already looks so good! this castle is going to be insane
I trust Scar! Btw... take like 3+ episodes if you need too! I dont think anyone will complain
I trust scar
Oh course we trust you, Scar. It would be crazy to expect you to build a giant castle in one episode. Plus it's more fun to watch you build it over time instead of rushing it. That way we get to appreciate the process and all the details you put in.  I don't know if you'll be able to put an ender dragon under your castle since it seems kind of dangerous with the ability to destroy blocks, but if you don't manage it you should totally build a dragon under there anyway! Maybe have Gem or Pearl help you with one. I always associate the two of them with building dragons (and other cool creatures), even if they do other stuff too.  Also in terms of the deck of cards you got for the TCG. I believe Beef balanced all the starter decks to be roughly as good as each other. So the stuff you got should be pretty good with maybe a couple of rare things thrown in, but you'll have to win games and buy booster packs to get the really rare cards.
We always trust you Scar!! Take your time, start of the castle looks wonderful <3
That good ol Pokeman. lol
I trust scar!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar! Of course, the dedication it must take to build not only a theme park, not only custom terrain and trees, but also a castle!! Absolutely amazing!   And I'd like to point out that Scar is incredibly close to 2 million subscribers...!
#ITrustScar
I trust scare !!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤
I trust Scar! Build it at your pace, I'll be happy to watch it come together with time. :D That's the best way to see it in my opinion. Seeing the end product is an amazing thing, sure, but the journey to finishing the build is half the fun.
This was the first episode that i finally understood how big your base is going to be, and it shook me to my core.
The rare Joe Hills card you have is really good! He’s got an amazing special ability
Please build the castle in multiple episodeds! Bring us through the process, let us know your thoughts on the building! ...I have the same phobia and need help...
I 100% trust scar's creative eye and skill set <3
I want to go here in real life!
#itrustscar It’s sad that concrete, terracotta, and glazed terracotta don’t have slabs and stairs.  Wool carpets ought to stack like snow layers, too.  Cartoon castles are colorful and amusement park-y.  If you want to use any of those colors, you need to pull in like colors from woods….birch for yellows, mangrove for reds, acacia for oranges, crimson hyphae for magenta/pinks/purples, warped hyphae for cyan….green and blue are right out.
The chee g
Scar saying "Pokeman" was hilarious. Also yes that's how it's like to have a toddler, though they're also extremely adorable which offset it! It's particularly difficult when they think everything is a game even if they've done something wrong XD
Not even joking, that skeleton that grabbed your sword might be one of the scariest things ever. The mod pack that adds new animations made me think it was a Hermit lol
I trust scar
I Trust Scar!  Always trust Scar to be Amazing.
Never miss my dose of Scar!
I trust Scar! 😊 May I suggest a small tower or buttress in the middle of each wall just to break up the shape?  Just the height of the wall so as to not block the view. 😊 Great video. 😊  I don’t mind feeling old; it means I’m not dead yet. 😂
I trust scar
I believe in Scar!! Also, please never feel like you have to apologize for anything you do, especially when you are learning and trying new things. I'm completely certain that whatever you make will be fantastic!! It's well worth any wait to see the amazing things that you create. Never stop being your wonderful self buddy!
i trust scar ❤❤
The only person I trust is scars mom.
The castle entrance kinda looks like a spaceship ready for liftoff 😂 ( while floating )
burger hat
I trust scar!
I trust scar❤
I trust Scar!
personally i prefer when a large build project takes several weeks or several months to be mostly completed. i just think it's far less taxing for the creator and i like being able to see more of the thoughts behind builds instead of essentially twenty minutes of timelapse. take this project at your own pace, please. thanks for the video! hope you're having a good day :)
I have confidence in you, Scar!
I trust Scar! You got this! <3
Anyone else hear jelly complaining durring scar talking about the tcg? 😂
Technically what you are building is a palace not a castle.
All my trust is in you scar. *Raises hands in air to give Spirit building energy*
i trust scar
Some castles have towers drawbridge out front of the castle entrance.
Dude you are so good at building!
The zombie in the minecart became the scar land version of push the talking trash can
It's worse. Really!
What a stunner of a castle Scar!  Always trust Scar and his building process. Always 😊
I trust Scar.  (unless he is trying to sell me something. I've seen the Life series)
I TRUST SCARRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!
I trust you Scar. In Jelly and Scar we trust
I think we all trust Scar, honestly he is a god at building.  Also, we know Hermitcraft videos take a while and that means this project will be over a few episodes long, but that just means more amazing Scar content!  Don't ever worry about how long something will take, we have patience and we always love every episode you put out there :)  Edit: I always love how much confidence Scar has whenever he finishes a build "I think it looks absolutely amazing!"
I trust Scar🎉🎉🎉
I trust Scar
I trust scar
I trust you scar.
Yay he’s back!
Scar pronounces "Pokemon" exactly the same way my grandfather does
i trust scar !!!🤗
I trust scar.
Jellie mowing in the background :)
We trust you scar.
I have all the faith in you. GO SCAR!!
I trust scar and the process. You are amazing and an inspiration.
I love your videos and your attitude through tough times. Thank you Scar! You are an incredible man!
I trust you, Scar. I enjoy making castles, but it takes me at least a month to build even a small one. Building this amazing front gate in a single episode is incredible.
We trust you scar
I'm just getting into hermitcraft since I have some close friends that love it, and scar, you are so awesome. The way you talk about things and fly around is so fun and soothing, and the castle looks so cool. I'm not sure if I'll be able to catch up on all the hermitcraft stuff, but it's absolutely fantastic. Thank you <3
I TRUST SCAR COMPLETELY, YOU GOT THIS!!
that castle is ALREADY blowing me away, I am so excited to see what scar does :D
I trust Scar, I already love the shape, the rounded top that draws the eye to the center, and can't wait to see its progress!
just remember, Rome wasn't built out of hay. Wait, that's not right. Rome wasn't built by the bay. No, that's- Rome wasn't built in dismay? Nailed it!
You got this scar!!!! We trust you, take your time.
I trust Scar!
I trust scar!!!
I trust you Scar. If you look behind you, you'll see me
You should open a flower/plants/dye shop called Scarland Garland
We trust Scar. :)
new things are scary. i trust you scar! i can see the castle forming up on the horizon
A- light can go through wall blocks  B- magical glowing crystals in where? A mine roller coaster ride? (If you do then it would be cool to use the legendary gems from vault hunters.
I trust Scar.
i trust you scar! as in all art forms, we must trust the process!
Come on we all trust scar! It looks absolutely amazing! I got to see the fireworks at disney land once a long time ago, and I still remember it vividly and my gosh I can't wait to see the ones at Scarland! Honestly, kudos, I've built a lot of castles in minecraft and good lord your first looks infinitely better than them all put together... Using walls for the walls was ingenious!! I had an idea for the bridge... If I can hitch a hike on my brothers twitter account that shall come your way Glad to see you back, Scar
Watching scars videos are so weird because he's like knees shaking on the floor weeping about to divorce your partner hot but then he doesn't something so incredibly dumb you have to rethink everything
i trust scar.
Scar!! you should use a client side mod called "distant horizon"! it lets see more chunks beyond your rendered chunks and it lets you view your theme park much more cooler
I trust scar. 🦹🏻
I trust scar 100%! always! It looks amazing!!!
I trust scar! Also AMAZING job on the castle looks better than anything I could have done.
I trust Scar
I Trust Scar! #itrustscar  You can do this and you got this!  As for your bridge, at the top of the stairs, create an exit and lookout area then start the bridge connected to that.
Good luck with learning Beefs card game Scar! A small piece of advice: Doc & Cleo are seriously OP.
Hermitcraft meetings, probably: **complaints about inventory and possible solutions** **new mods to try** **minecraft updates** **crossover shenanigans** etc.  Scar: I need a dragon in my theme park 😂
I trust in you scar!!!
Como 33
I trust you, Scar!!!
So my comment will likely be lost and/or too overcomplicated but stay with me...  What if there was a big Redstone gate or bridge situation that opened when the morning Scarland announcement plays and closes when the evening Scarland announcements play? Would likely need some Mumbo or Tango assistance but I'm sure it's possible and adds more to the "life" of Scarland...
I do not know of this Scar guy, but that HoT gUy though... Sounds pretty trustworthy to me...
I have the utmost faith and trust in your building abilities! Especially with Jellie to supervise
''I trust Scar.'' Best words I've said all year. Definitely won't backfire. <3
I trust you scar, it’s going to be the best castle ever!
I Trust Scar
Yes, that is EXACTLY what it's like raising a toddler. You try to just guide them to the right place and they go and suffocate. So frustrating.
Have to always trust that scar's always going to build something so amazing
I trust Scar ... besides, we've put up with Grian never finishing the back of anything for, like, five years now.
🎶When you wish upon a SCAR...🎶 seriously, you need someone to do that parody in your videos soon! Make it happen!
I trust Scar!
If Mumbo Jumbo returns, ask him to build a redstone portcullis.
The castle looks SO GOOD! I'm glad you're finally back Scar.
We trust you Scar!
You should request a scarland special THG deck
As soon as you said "floating castle" Smallishbeans started to scream in Stratos "don't do it!"
Love to see a video!
Itrustscar
The castle is looking amazing so far!! You and I are the same when it comes to the TCG.  I have piles upon piles of pokemon cards and no idea how to play with them!  I really like the artwork on them tho :)
I trust scar you can do it :D
I remember when all servers would make huge railway metro networks. Then the elytra was added, and those ceased to exist. Only their fossils remaining as nether boat highways. I love that Etho invented this new system of travel, he’s always been a pioneer of Minecraft transportation and it reminds me of the old Minecraft systems that we know and love
Did.....did Scar yell "Gobble gobble! Landscaping! Landscaping!" ? ...... I'm dead.....seriously dead.....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
even if takes a hundred episodes Im still gonna wait. i trust u scar
I trust scar
I believe in you Scar and I trust you :D Re on the Dragon, Sadly minecraft dragons will still break blocks in the overworld so a cave dragon will destroy your landscaping :(   But the castle so far looks amazing! I really really love the landscaping so far and im so looking forward to what you do next -- Im also happy watching you resource gather -- you make me smile Scar and im happy to watch whatever you create :)
It's already the prettiest Minecraft castle I've ever seen!  Trust you entirely Scar, you've got this!  We'll support you no matter what
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust Scar :)
We all trust you Scar! After all the amazing things you have built it would be impossible not too.
Every single one of these videos brings a smile to my face, just hearing your smooth smooth voice Scar. We are 100% along for the ride and whichever way it goes will be awesome!  Also that moat inspired me big time to make rivers and such, between the elevation changes and half-slabbage, awesome stuff!
I trust you scar. You'll make the castle look amazing castle☺️  Thanks for another fun hermitcraft video, I loved it 😁
Love watching your videos. and especially confusing jellies cute little meows in the background for my own cat makes me giggle every time I pause the video to see if she’s alright “time 18:48”
Awesome 😎
I trust scar!
12:44 if you can get zombiecleo to put a Keralis holding onto the bars like her is in a jail cell right here, would be hilarious!
Scar KO’ing that skeleton was amazing! I got terrified when it unsheathed its diamond sword!
I TRUST SCAR ❣️
I trust scar
The absolute sheer scale of this is bonkers... for anyone upset he didn't build it all in one go you need to shut up... throughout the timelapse I was counting  how many times the day and night cycle happened which was a lot of times and considering  how long that cycle is I know scar put hours into this for us
You could make a drawbridge with chains hanging down from the castle. To stay in theme you could design the bridge after Disney’s bridge that leads to the castle
Also, yes, literally. Life with a toddler. 😂
I trust Scar's building so much. Like dude your buildings always look stunning, of course we trust you and your process!
I - T R U S T - S C A R
ggg scar
I trust scar! Missed you!! I’m so happy to see a new video pop up in my feed
Philza wants to know your location
I trust scar!
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
Scar I trust you! You're an incredible artist and you should take your time and enjoy creating something wonderful that makes you happy.
I trust Scar!! So excited to see this project develop, it's looking amazing already! :D
love the curve on the top of the castle, it's such a nice use of forced perspective, making that virtually flat surface look like its curving away.  Very cool to see curves on a castle!
In scar we trust
Me, watching the time lapse:  "Wow, Scar's getting a lot done on this castle." Scar:  "This is just the front wall that guards the castle." Me:  "Ohhhh.  He wasn't kidding when he said it would take a few episodes."  Scar, you've got nothing to worry about in building a MC castle.  If the wall is any indication, it's going to be awesome.  I believe in you, Scar.
Of course I trust Scar. He is amazing. 👏🏾
I trust Scar! Take as many episodes as you need. :) I'm here for the process!
I trust scar!!! Of course I do man! You do great things everyday! Whether or not you’re filiming ♥️ you’re incredibly strong and a magnificent human being.  You go this!
I trust scar
Thank you Scar!!! Awesome start to the Castle!
I trust scare
Scar, i LOVE your building time lapses! I always make sure to imbibe my "herbal supplements" beforehand, then i boogie down to the funky tunes and fresh builds! You are the BEST hermit! Much love my dude!
Your videos are great Scar, I'm glad your back
I trust scar
Update your datapacks
I trust scar with his creative vision in content creation, minecraft builds, and storytelling ability.
I TRUST SCAR in all seriousness I freaking love you Scar and I hope all gets well but plz plz plz never stop being you!
"something I've feared since 2010... wow that makes me feel old" My eldest was born that year... I'm nearly forty. Minecraft OG old folks forever.
I think you and ten should team up some season and create star wars land!
I trust Scar!!
I belive in you scar!
I have been waiting for this duel for what feels like MONTHS now!  Please live stream this when you both decide on the day.    Hopefully I can get the day off when it happens...if not I guess there are always archives...but man I want to see this one live! XD
We trust you scar!
I trust scar :D
I trust scar
I trust Scar with my life
You got this Scar! I trust you and the process. That being said don't push yourself. I been stuggling to build myself so If a part isn't coming out feel free to step back and take break 2.0 or ask friends and stuff.
I trust hot guy
The start of the castle is already looking amazing! We trust you, Scar, you've done plenty in the past to earn it easily ^^
Idea: what if for the super speed highway you make it so that going in it looks like the hyperdrive in starwars and you exit in a space ship so it’s like you just traveled through space? (This is only an idea)
It's not just that I trust you and your skills and your amazing eye for art. I am waiting on this with anticipation, and trepidation. This feels like the verge of something amazing and glorious. Like Christmas when you're 6 years old.
At 11: 56 and 18:35 you can hear Jelly in the back!! I thought it was my cat at first lmao. Anyways SCAR THEY CASTLE LOOKS AMAZING!! <3 We trust you soooo much
I trust Scar!!
I trust scar, never doubted ya for a second
The castle looks so gorgeous!
I trust scar
We trust you scar! Take your time!
That skelly was stupid to give back your hOtGuy bow!
General Scar-nobi
I trust scar that he can concur his greatest fear.
I trust scar❤
With all due respect of you call it pokeMAN again, I will hunt you down
#itrustscar
scar is for sure one of the most trustworthy hermits... especially compared to grian
So cool!
I trust scar.
I trust Scar ❤
I trust scar <3
I trust Scar, the wall looks great!
I trust Scar ! It's so good to have you back! I hope your heart is as happy as you make ours! ❤️
I trust Scar
You should put a TCG Arena in scarland!
I trust scar 😊
Scar, even assuming i wouldnt trust you is hurtful! I trust you wholeheartedly
It'd be cool if you made a flying course or tour inside the castle it's so big and beautiful. There's so much potential love it.
i trust you scar
Can you give Jelly a home so the cat is not sitting in the middle of the street. Maybe make it a attraction?
Always puts a smile on my face watching one of your videos!  Love the castle and the terrain looks amazing under it.  We trust your process, so don’t feel rushed finishing this project!  You can’t rush art. ^-^
I trust jelly not scar!🤣 I wonder if jelly built that castle
I trust Scar! Let's do this!
Omg the castle is already amazing!! I trust Scar! So glad to see you back, but take all the time you need for self-care and the community will still be here. Thank you for always bringing us some happiness with your videos!
Love this start.. castle will be amazing…
the castle entrance loook chobblesome
I trust scar 100% keep these amazing vids coming! Hope you’re ok 😊
The wall looks insane!
😊 I trust Scar!
Before even finishing the video, I TRUST SCAR!
I trust scar!
Amazing video as always! The castle already looks amazing, I can't wait to see how it keeps developing :) Also super excited to see the duel with Doc!
Your episodes bring me so much joy. Thanks!
I trust Scar ^_^
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
I MISSED YOU IM SO HAPPY UR BACK! I’m glad you were able to take your time, and I’m happy you were able to rest. Glad you posted tho!
Did anyone else hear jellie in the background or am I mad? I trust the process scar you will figure it out
Im confused. I know Keralis build the Razorcrest not Sausage right?
I trust you Scar
Scar. Don’t worry about how long the castle takes, we come here to see you with you incredible and fun personality, and I trust with all my heart that no matter what it is, you can make it look amazing!
Doc is the redstone Goat, you are the build Goat. 🤩
Castle good Scar faces his 13year fear start in 2010 to 2023 his is gone now
I trust scar :)
I trust Scar!
Scar you are just to good at Minecraft.
The main difference between a zombie baby and a toddler is you can legally kill a zombie baby! Everything else is the same!
I trust Scar 😊
man’s a beast
Scar's castle, gives me bowser vibes at first..imagine a villain boss castle lair in scar land. It looks amazing as I look at it spire up. :D
Hearing jellie meow in the background was adorable
Looks amazing scar I trust you
Scar you are an inspiration
Ssr always manages to upload when I’m going through a tough spot thank you scar so much amazing as always
I trust scar! ❤
I trust scar
The item that had the TCG cards is a satchel
I trust scar, you are my favorite Minecraft builder. 👍🏻
I trust you Scar! You got this!
Scar is definitely hitting 2 mil by next episode
You should bring back Larry the snail from season 7!
I trust scar!
I definitely trust scar. I don’t care how long it takes, I just enjoy watching the progression. And in general I wish others didn’t try to complete everything in one episode.
Scar, I am completely blown away by how things are looking. I totally TRUST SCAR : )
I trust you to bulid it well
Gotta love the fact that Scar kept dying to a mob called "Don't kill me"
Scar, we are happiest when you upload when you want to, when you are feeling up to it, and when you create how and at whatever speed you want to. We'll always be here supporting you no matter what 💕
I trust scar
i dont trust u skar evrythin must be dun in 1 epesode!!!1!1      (this comments a joke im not 8)
We trust you, Scar!!! ❤❤❤
My suggestion for the castle is maybe some water spillways from the walls to the moat
I trust scar
We have never stopped trusting you Scar
IN SCAR WE TRUST
i trust scar!
that castle is absolutly breathtaking amazing job scar
i trust scar
we trust scar <3
I TRUST SCAR WHOLE HEARTEDLY!! We love you scar! ❤
I trust you Scar
Looks so awesome scar, excited to learn more about castle building with you!
Scar!! Hello!! Welcome back glad to see you hope you’re doing well!! The castle looks amazing!!
I trust scar!!!
I thought the temporary bridge was cute
If you want the bridge to have wooden accents, then you may want to add some more wood to areas around the bridge, as the wood on the bridge looks slightly out of place. If not, polished andesite for the bridge could look quite nice.
a hogwarts themed castle would’ve been amazing
I TRUST YOU SCAR!! Super excited to see how the castle turns out and to see the process of it all! Keep up the great work your builds are so magical and stunning!
Jellie was a chatterbox at 11:56! Clearly she was saying that she trusts Scar too.
I can't wait for the moment when scar does one of his outros in F5 and then flies into his 300 block tall castle
"Learning to build at this scale"... looks back at last season and chuckles.   Anything you build Scar looks awesome. I may not always agree with your choices but that is the very nature or art my friend. True art takes time imagination and experimentation.
Scar you never fail to amaze me, do not doubt yourself, the castle and everything around it looks amazing!
I trust Scar 100%. The castle already looks amazing.
A bridge of glass and ice...
In scar we trust!
WE TRUST SCAR RAHHHHHHH RAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
It’s a beautiful start scar! No one expects you to finish in one episode. It will take time to beat bdubs at what he does. :) google castle in the sky to see a floating castle by the way. It’s a great studio ghibli film
I've been noticing that a lot of the hermits are saying TCG card game (or in scars way TGG lol) but T.C.G. stands for Trading Card Game. So when your saying T.C.G. card game, your really saying Trading Card Game Card Game haha. So if anyone didn't know what T.C.G. meant there you go. Also # I Trust Scar
for the love of god please never say pokemon like that again. its poke-E-mon, like short for pocket monster.
i trust scar!! large builds take a long time, especially ones where youre using new techniques, and a lot of effort is put into videos that make it look easy!! i think the use of the stone wall blocks for texturing without fully blocking the acacia logs is very clever, it looks good! the birch fences blend in surprisingly well, the blue-green roof contrasts nicely, and overall its a very good start!
I wouldn't mind if scar takes 5 episodes to build this as long as it is entertaining
i trust scar
I trust Scar
I would trust Scar with my life.
At least he openly admits that he's been afraid of castles for 12 years also as long as you finish the castle before the end of season 9 I'll be happy
I TRUST SCAR!!! You are an amazing and talented builder and person, and you have never made a video that can't bring a single to my face. Please take your time making videos if you need it, your health and well being is priority number one, we'll be here when you are ready!
Doc got 2 dragons in the overworld. The one in the perimeter is his, the other one is at spawn and that's the one he would get for you.  But I recommend you get a place where it can fly, because it can be quite destructive.
Castle's looking pretty good and I TRUST YOU Scar! :DD
I trust Scar!
I trust scar🎉
I trust ya Scar
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!!!
I trust scar..... yeaha totally.....and i belive that he will not break any bones while building the Castle.....
In Scar we Trust
Scar in my opinion you should make the front gate with fence posts and only half way down if that makes sense.
Scar number 1
I TRUST SCAR!!! Also, Scar, we're all so happy you're back, and I'm so sorry about whatever is going on. I'm praying for you, and I LOVE the build! It's gorgeous!
the castle looks so cool already, you did incredible!!!!!!
The castle looks great and so does the deck! You got some great cards tbh o:
Yes, it’s exactly like having a toddler but the toddler is on fire and you’re on fire and everything is on fire, yet they somehow manage to escape.
I trust you :D
Scar, you're the only one who does that. WE TRUST YOU BUDDYa
I trust scar. He's already made more progress on the castle than most people could, and I'll bet he finishes it 10 times faster than anyone else could. Scar truly is on a different level, and so I have complete and total trust that he will do it exactly as fast as he needs and it will turn out to be exactly as fast as we wanted it. Love you Scar <3
Scar is an artist, no need to rush the art. It will be done when it is done.
Jellie go meow meow. 🐱
I trust Scar and remember The Big Dig did not happen in one episode!
I trust scar. You are a fantastic human being and the world would be a far darker place without you. Thank you
WOW!, Almost 2 million subscribers Congratulations scar ,and we will be scar for life! 🎉🎉
We fully trust you scar
I don't trust Scar... not to finish it in an episode and a half ;)
I pledge elegance and trust scar 🫡🫡
For Scar:  The Cards will be a lot easier for you to figure out what they are as you'll be able to just mouse over them in your inventory and read each one.  Cards such as the Hermits will be impossible for viewers to tell which is what in terms of Common or Rare.  I can tell you a little bit from watching DocM77 learning how to play from Cleo and Joe.    Each Hermit Card has a Specific Type.  It's in the tool tip or Lore when you mouse over it and when placed in a map it is displayed in the upper right corner along side their attacks. Redstoner, PvP, Builder, etc.  The Hermit Type lets you know which "resource" cards you need to place on that Hermit in order to use that Hermit's attacks.  For Example: TFC Is a Miner Type.  He has the Attacks "=π" which cost one Resource of Any type and "Alright" which cost one resource of any type AND 2x Miner Resources.  So, if you attached a Redstoner Resource Card to TFC you could use =π to attack with. If you then attached two additional Miner Resource Cards you could use Alright to attack with.  Other cards have varying effects based on what that card is or does.  Some are permanents while others are one time uses.  Now I do know that the type of Hermit does come into play at some point with types being weak or tougher against other types.  Though this portion is something I can't really say as I didn't pay close attention to it in Beef's videos.  (Mostly because it's unlikely I'll ever end up playing it, even though I'm dying on the inside.  I love TCG's a little too much.)  *(Anybody out there correct me if I'm wrong here.)* 1. When you play a game you Draw 7 Cards to start. 2. The first player can then place one Hermit, place one Resource Card, and One equipment card or effect card. 3. This player can not attack first round. 4. They draw a card and their turn is over.  Then the next player goes and Step 3 they can attack.  Rinse and reapeat until some defeats 4(?) Hermits. If possible.  (In Joe's mock battle against DocM77 he didn't manage to get another Hermit Card before DocM77 was able to knock out Joe's Mumbo.)
Every Hermitcraft video this week from every Hermit: "VintageBeef has been working on this new Trading Card Game and I have no idea how it works, so let's go check it out." I'm not complaining. Just laughing at how everyone who's released a video this week says it the exact same way. 🤣
It looks amazing already, take your time. We trust you, and you don’t need to finish major parts of your base in one episode. Can’t believe you are almost at 2 million subs, might have to make some fanart for the occasion!
Scar straight turned into a Turkey at the Dragon.
Aaahhhh!!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤Scar I’m so happy to see you back!! I hope you’re taking care of yourself!!!
I managed to get a zombie villager chicken jockey whom I cured into a villager jockey. I had the villager riding chicken in the fish n chip shop for a few months before I decided to let him out of the boat he was in. The chicken promptly walked the villager straight in the deep fryer and burned the villager to a crisp. Sads. I feel for you, Scar.
I trust Scar.... Fully and Complicity!
Ok Scar, we get it that castles scare you, but holy cow man you absolutely nailed it even if it's just the entrance gate... I can't wait to see how awesome your castle is going to look, I know it's gonna be amazing because everything you make is amazing!...  Also the whole floating castle idea, I'd love to see your take on Laputa Castle in the Sky. I think you could do a giant build like that some serious justice!
We trust you scar 😁
I hope this season is the longest ever.  I need to see decked out 2, scarland, the perimiter, and all the other massive projects completed.
Of course we trust you, it’s incredible!!❤
scar you are truly a magic man
#ithrustscar. I have been to Disneyland in Paris last year and i already love Mainstreet and the beginning of your castle. It looks amazing to see how you bring the magic into minecraft. Keep up the amazing work
I trust Scar <3
I trust scar
You're doing amazing things. I trust Scar!!!!!!!
🦆
Looks amazing scar <3
i trust scar(:
I trust Scar !
I trust scar…and his lil ears.
I trust Scar. (I really do.)
I trust scar. This is just to boost your confidence
Scar, no matter what, worry about yourself more than making videos, the f s car about YOU!  Also, I trust Scar 100%
I trust you scar!!!
never occurred to me that you could build with walls that way. Learn somthin' new everyday!
Trust you 100% Scar! It takes exactly as long as it takes.
I trust Scar!
he's back!! our hot guy has returned!! it's so awesome to see you back and building the castle, it honestly looks incredible already and i'm looking forward to what else you have in store for us in the episodes to come. take it easy and we're all glad to see you doing great :]
I quite like seeing progress over time, this is why I trust Scar. I cannot wait to see how this castle turn out.
I trust scar
We believe in you scar. I’m just a bit scared of you now with all the progress you mad and are still putting into the castle. You are truly insane and dedicated
I trust Scar!!
I trust scar🎉
yeah I luv ur vids they're so good:)
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!! :)  You can do it!
I TRUST SCAR =)
I trust Scar! <3
Scar, everyone is behind you on this and supports you all the way. You've done a beautiful job <3
I trust Scar :D How can you not with that beautiful castle gate? It looks fantastic!
It’s Pokémon not Pokemman Scar
How has he done SO MUCH
6:40 I trust scar
FINALLY A NEW SCAR EPISODE LETS GOOOOOOOO 🥳 🎉 🪅 🎊
I trust Scar \o/
that looks amazing scar!
I TRUST IN SCAR!!!! also castle looks amazing atm, your doing amazing mate!!
Scar your one of the best builders we've ever seen of course we trust you and your process.
love the castle so far! take your time with it, have fun 💜
Scar making me want to take another crack at building a castle in minecraft? Its more likely than you think.
i trust scar
Looking forward to seeing this castle growing over the next little while. I actually prefer to see a build develop and come together over time rather than just appearing all in one go. I think we can appreciate the details and the effort more as we watch it being built. This looks like a huge project and it's going to be amazing!
GoodTimesWithOneHeart
I trust Scar!
take literally all of the time you need for the castle - take double the amount of time you think you'll need. take the pressure of time constraints off, it's all good. we love your creative process no matter how long it takes
I believe in Scar! I'm so excited to visit Scarland in a world download in the far future. Take care of yourself and thanks for another fun video!
I always trust Scar
Scar, take as much time as you need, so long as you like it, we will too.
So hyped to see the Scarstle taking shape.
I trust Scar
Lets go! We love you, Scar!
We all trust scar
I TRUST SCAR
I TRUST U SCAR
I trust scar! Can’t wait to see the end results! It’s going to be an amazing journey 😊
#ITrustScar Of course I do Scar! I know that it will look incredibly amazing by the time you finish!
We trust you scar!
The beginning of the castle is great. It will all come together at the end and look even more amazing.
I trust Scar!!!
So much trust! You got this!
absolutely love the cattle so far, scar. I trust the process
The castle is stunning so far. I can't wait to see the final build.
I TRUST SCAR!
For the bridge, you should make a flying machine. One for the gate and one for the bridge
That castle and landscape has such a gorgeous profile. I trust you dude.
Amazing start to the castle, excited to see the rest of it!
I trust scar!
I trust you Scar :) Great episode, love the look so far. Can't wait for you to play the TCG, it is my favourite 3 letters to appear in a Hermit's video title
"Scar's Floating Castle" is next year's Studio Ghibli movie
i believe in scar! trust the process scar!! cant wait how you are able to tackle and make this castle an amazing build like you do with all your other builds!
If the dragon that you wanted to put in the cave are the actual dragon, then you know what will happen if it interacts with overworld blocks😀.......
Heh "this will not be done in one episode" also scar "This might take an episode or 2" 🤣
I trust scar!
I trust Scar :)
Why not put the dragon in the space underneath the castle?
❤❤❤❤❤ you got this scar!
Hey! Maybe you could make a draw bridge with chains going down from the two dark lines around the gate, the dark lines shows where the chains will go once the bridge i getting closed❤
In Scar we trust
you can do this scar!
Scar should make his part of the super fast highway based after the Death Star trench run!
I trust Scar!
i trust scar :3
I have complete and utter trust in scar
Rome wasn't build in a day either!
I trust you! Thanks for your video today. You completely brightened my day. I hope someone brightens yours today as well ❤️
Day 1 of asking for a jelly roller coaster
The moss Timelapse was so satisfying
I trust scar :D
scar this looks amahzing!! i trust you scar but dont worry so much about finishing it quickly, like you said it is a learning process. wonderful video as always!
in scar we trust 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Make a moss farm, there is no need to grind it manually
I TRUST SCAR <3
i trust scar
#ItrustScar You didn't mouse over any PVP(sword) type Hermits except False, but if you have at least 3 or 4, those will be valuable because they're less common in other Hermits' decks so far. Balanced type is really strong, too, because they have no weaknesses. That rare xB will come in handy the most, I think. Saw you head of the booster pack line for a second in Ren's stream earlier, before he fled from spoilers. Enjoy the fresh stock! :P
they brought yugioh to hermitcraft
We trust you scar. Rome wasn't built in a day! You got this!
I trust you scar!!!!!!!!
I trust scar
This is what I love about late game hermitcraft.  They all build something double the size of my base in 2 weeks
Of course I trust Scar! (Just maybe not with my diamonds 😉)
I trust you Scar!!!
We all trust Scar!!! It looks incredible!
i don't really trust scar but I do have trust in his amazing building skills
I trust Scar :)
I trust scar!
“Obviously a lot more work to go,” he says, showing a flawlessly-executed wall that somehow is solid without being boring. Scar is an artist
that looks so good
I trust scar lol
It's not that fast as a blue ice superhighway in the nether is still faster
The way ur able to make the castle not need wood other than the acacia wood that looks like stone is amazing
I trust scar
i trust scar in not beeing grian
I TRUST SCAR! I TRUST SCAR! I TRUST SCAR!
Scar I trust you and your Disney inspired park is Omega Supreme Awesome😎😁👍🏞️🚚🎶
I trust scar!!!
I trust scar ❤
I trust scar!!!
I trust Scar! Please take care of yourself and your mental health before anything else. We love you and we couldn’t understand more if you need more time. Take care Scar.
Congrats on over coming your challenges to get this video out. Cant wait to see more, stay healthy scar!
love you scar 🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
I TRUST SCAR!!! In all seriousness though, you are doing an amazing job as always, Scar! You are definitely in the Minecraft Artist Tier along with Bdubs and Pearl. While you have never made a castle before I know that you will do your best and, with your special Scar way, you will make a castle worthy of Scarland!
✨ I TRUST SCAR ✨
SCAR! That castle is freakin' amizin'! I would never have guessed you'd been avoiding castles all these years!   And absolutely take your time, we as viewers can handle seeing it built in chunks. sometimes that even makes it more fun, because there's an ongoing project with semi regular progress too look forward to  <333
Like Gem always says: trust the process! Anyways, Scar’s half finished build is still better than anything I could build in a year
The castle front looks so good!!
In Scar we trust.... the castle is amazing, you are a true artist - and masterpieces take time to complete...
I trust Scar
I trust you, Scar!
I trust Scar!
I trust you not to be grian.... Lol I know Castles take forever, specially for your first time. I wish you luck, ill love it no matter what.
Honestly, if scar had even just given an outline idea I'd still trust him that it would become amazing as time goes on. There are only so many hours in a day, and sometimes things have to sit a bit, but eventually it all comes together. Hope life treats you better soon, Scar! A new vid from you was a fantastic birthday gift 💕
I trust scar!
No ads???????
I trust you Scar! Knowing how amazing you are at building but also life, you are done gonna make us proud with the castle and make us happy knowing that you are happy!
Thank you for pointing out all the cool stuff!
I TRUST SCAR!
It's AMAZING! Also, I trust Scar, : )
in Scar we trust
I trust scar
I trust Scar!  Man, you don't even need to worry about getting it done in one or two episodes -- take your time, and don't rush! Just do what you love! We'll love you and your content regardless.
Getting in early, congratulations on 2 million subs. Well deserved!
I might be wrong about what I am about to say, so if it's not insulting to anyone else please let me know and I'll delete this comment  Scar, you are an amazing person. I am 100% sure you did not mean this in any insulting way, but to us with real phobias that have affected our lives, it's insulting to claim you have a phobia of something as a joke. It's like someone telling you that their loved one just died and you saying yours did too even when they didn't and laughing about it. I have cynophobia and have to stay indoors practically at all times because everyone and their brother has a dog, and seeing someone who I have a lot of respect for make it seem like it wasn't a big deal to have a phobia almost brought me to tears. Please, never do this again.   I'm sorry if this came across as rude, I should probably mention that my autism makes it so that sometimes, especially when I am upset, I say things that aren't really acceptable to general society. Please don't get offended by this, I understand you didn't know and heck, I might be the only one who got upset over this, and I still have the same amount of respect for you as I did before. I will repost this on the next video so you have a chance of seeing it because it's too late for you to see it here. Thank you if you read this.
scar you once again have far exceted what i thought you were capable of! that castle is looking amazing, scarland is looking amazing!! youre doing amazing
I trust Scar! Gosh, Scar, that looks just amazing <3
We trust scar!we don't care how long it takes,we wouldn't mine if it takes years!we care for you scar!
I trust Scar!
so close to 2 Mill!!
Well of course I trust you, it's be silly not to, you never disappoint. I was already feeling justified in my trust with the first part of the castle, but the add-ons was just neat. I hope your taking pleasure in learning a new method and that the pressure let you go after your success. Best wishes.
I trust scar
I trust ya scar! I know you got this! You can do it!! :3
@17:24 we're not going to talk about the haunted arrow? ok.  Edit: lol, got there eventually.
I trust Scar :D
ask mumbo jumbo to make a red stone draw bridge for the enterance to you castle if it can even be done
I trust you Scar! Take as much time as you need! It’s gonna be amaaazing!   And yes, you made all of the embarrassing sounds…and I am here for it!
I trust scar ❤️
I trust scar
#ItrustScar
Scar, take your time, you're doing a magnificent job, what a wonderful castle. I love the curved walls, it will be amazing when done. You don't have to rush. Don't compare your builds by how much time it takes, but by how well it looks. In that regards you are surpassing the other Hermits in all your builds, at least on the outside. If you're really trying to get ahead of others, just complete the build, front, back, inside and out, no matter how long it takes, then you can say job well done. I hope you're feeling well these days and thank you for your fun videos.
i trust scar!!!!!!!!
I trust Scar
#ITS
I trust you, Scar!!!  :D  You're an amazing builder!!  You've got this!
The stonetype walls surrounding the wood pillars looks awesome on the walls.
I trust Scar
I trust you all the way Scar! You got this!!
We believe in you scar! And I'm very happy to hear from Jelli as well (just before and after the 12:00 mark)!
Really enjoyed the video, can't wait till the next one.... but take as much time as needed no rush  Also I noticed that you are super close to 2 million subs, and I wanna congratulate you early for hitting 2M
I trust Scar
I trust you Scar. So you trust the process. The castle will be amazing if you don’t rush it. 💚
Could you bring Mumbo back just to make your casstle door w redstone?
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar :D <3
I trust scar,
I TRUST SCAR!!! Also poggers return of superfast grind AND build mode
Scar, you could use Mumbo's season 8 waterfall's door for the castle.
I trust Scar. You can do it!
EVERYONE POSTED AND NO ONE POPPED UP IN MY NOTIFS! Seriously I found this vid in the related vid section under Cleo's vid and I only found Cleo's vid cuz I was watching Pearl's TCG upload on her second channel. I mean c'mon. Almost all hermits upload in the same day and youtube doesn't give me any of the notifs. (Types this during the ad before the vid actually started)  We trust u scar
I trust you Scar!
I trust scar! Good times
This is going to look so awesome when its done!
I Trust Scar!! 😉
I trust scar
Scar, I trust you completely. It’s your creative vision, and it’s going to take as long as it takes. I’ve faith in you :).
Wooooooo
I TRUST SCAAAAAAAAAAR!!!!!!!!!!
As Gem would say, you have to trust the process. You have never failed to do anything short of amaze me with your builds and landscaping. I'm sorry to hear that you have been going through some stuff. Just take care of your self. Videos will come when they come. You are important and you need to take care of your self.
I was born in 2010
I Trust Scar
Where’s the bridal suite
I trust Scar!!! Also the Castle looks soooo good!!!!!!
I also trust scar. My dude, your stuff is worth the wait!
I trust Scar. Just keep those eyes clear and stay true to you, my dude.
Scar it's important to know that there is no pressure from the vast majority of your community for you to build some huge incredible structure all in one episode. Hermitcraft may be known for its mega bases, but we come to watch only to see what you have been up to, not for a giant, exhausting build. Whether you're pranking, interacting with the other hermits or making small bits of progress, all of the true fans will come to watch and show you our never ending love and support. You hermits need to realise that we aren't here to see you meme and build some gigantic build in a small amount of time, we are here because we love the hermits and all the shenanigans that take place.  P.S. The castle looks incredible so far, looking forward to seeing where it goes from here.
It's looking good so far! Take your time and it'll turn out amazin!
I trust you, Scar!... but, you cannot put the dragong inside a cave, bc it destroys blocks!
I trust scar  I’m very glad we got only part of the castle, if you did the whole castle in one episode, the episode would take forever to come out ❤
you’ve got this girl’s trust for sure!!!! take however much time you need, it already looks hecking awesome!
the trading-card pack was a retextured bundle (brang to hermitcraft using datapacks)
I liked the video to make you feel less old. Amazing Castle :)
SIR!  Oh I’m not going to do much?  Calm down! You’re showing everybody else up! Seriously it looks really good! And to be perfectly honest, we’d be happy just watching you build a couple of trees and an actual starter house, the draw isn’t how much you do but how you do it. I watch your videos for the comforting, friendly, and fun atmosphere! Don’t put too much pressure on yourself to constantly out do yourself, we will love it regardless
I trust Scar!!!
Ah yes, the new pokemon game, Pokeman
using the wall blocks for the... walls.. was SUCH A GOOD IDEA! the texturing looks so great!
I trust you Scar! It’s gonna be amazin’
I trust u scare. Ur amazing!
the jelle squeaks at 11:50 were adorable
I trust Scar!
The castle, and the rest of Scarland, look great! I can’t wait to see what comes next, no matter how long it may take
That may be one of the best super fast build modes yet. Hope all is well scar and can't wait to see what you have up next!
I trust Scar!
Heh, I have underwear older
Scar the start of the castle looks fantastic!!! Please, take care of yourself first, we can absolutely wait for the finished thing!!   Take your time, we love you!!
I trust you scar. And not just with the castle, also eith the back of scarland. In fact, you are scar and not grian
If you build a small themed ride, you can get more baby zombies/chickens and set them lose scooting around the track like they're on a kiddie ride.
i trust scar that he doesn't put too much pressure on himself to do everything in 1 episode
scar: builds a beautiful, designed bridge also scar: this is just temporary
I'm sorry since when do skeletons pick up swords?
Scar, we all trust you! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m fairly sure I trust scar.. at least when it comes to building..
I absolutely trust Scar! Have fun with this one it looks great so far!
i trust scar
Scar, we never doubt you for a second!
I trust Scar implicitly
I trust anyone with Jellie Ears  Edit: Scarland is amazing, the castle is going to be an amazing megabuild however you want to do it
I trust Scar to not be Grian and finish the back of Scarland.
I trust Scar
I trust you scar you take how ever long it need to take we will back you up no matter what
What did he use for the spikes on top of the castle?
I think a drawbridge with the chains stretching back up to the castle on the sides would look great
We trust you and love you, Scar!
I trust scar :)
trust you, scar! this is already looking amazing and I can't wait to see how it progresses!
Scar you're my favorite builder in minecraft like ever, your builds are the best
I like the bridge but instead of the lanterns make it a pillar/post bridge with fences, moss and hanging vines. then accent the front of the castle to match with dark oak, brown (glazed?)terracota, and moss? *shrugs*
Nothing better than coming home after my 10 hour shift at the factory,  and watching a GoodTimesWithScar video. The castle is looking amazing so far, keep up the great work Scar.  And don't worry about getting the next video out as soon as possible. Take your time, we'll all care more about your health more than the videos❤  Stay safe Scar.
I trust Scar.
Im excited to see your castle. The front wall is a great hint at what is to come!
*life is threatened by explosions beneath his feet* The landscaping!
I trust Scar. I trust Scar. I trust Scar. I trust Scar.  You get the idea, Scar. I look forward to seeing the castle only you can build. ❤🏰  Take your time.
I trust Scar, always
I trust Scar. Amazing work so far, as always lol
I trust you scar❤️
I trust Scar, that the castle is going to be amazing!!! Even if i haven't been that long of a watcher of his. Scar has that "comfort youtuber" vibes and i am honestly here for it. Edit: the castle made me speechles how gorgeous it looked. You did an amazing job Scar!!
Scar needs to not cut so much out of his videos. For example, we see him grounding the castle. However, we never see what the castle did wrong to get itself grounded 😂
Bro don't even worry, you got this castle in the bag!
I think its kinda sad how creators feel the need to apologize to us for not finishing things immediately, when most of us in the audience wouldn't even be able to start these projects in survival. Gem had this issue too with her megabase. I wouldn't be able to do scars starter base, let alone a whole theme park. Plus, I like watching it come together over time because i think we get to appreciate it more
I trust scar
i trust you scar!
I TRUST SCAR!!!!
We trust you, Scar! I LOVED the floating castle idea - it was amazing! But anything you build with this will look incredible!
aaaa i can't wait to see the rest of the castle! :D it looks awesome already
for someone who hates minecraft castles, scar handled it like an absolute pro
Scar the castle looks amazing! I love the amount of detail and terraforming around and I’m super excited for everything else coming to scarland!
I TRUST SCAR!
I trust scar 👍
I also have recreated this in my Minecraft world
We trust you.  Thank you so much for sharing your creativity with us and giving us these amazing videos. Please don't push yourself too hard and be assured that we will always support you. Take your time if you need to and please never sacrifice joy and yourself for the production of a video...
I have been waiting for this far the past month I love scars builds
I trust Scar!
At this point, who doesn't trust Scar's amazing abilities with building?
Scar, you did it! it looks fantastic! i love it! We trust you Scar :D
the dragon jumpacare was so funny TT
i will never understand the builders who say sorry for their base not being done, or not looking good when it looks absolutely phenomenal. We all trust you, take your time and it’ll end up even better 👍
I trust you Scar!
I trust scar
I trust Scar. You are amazing and regardless of how long an episode takes I’ll still be excited to see it. X
I trust Scar!!!
I trust scar.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary bridge
Si I trust scarrrrr!!!!! Go scarrr😆
Thanks for the calming and happy video Scar. I've been needing some happiness lately. My cat died yesterday.
Please stop calling them Half slabs.... They are slabs, half slabs would be a quarter of a block
Scar all of your builds are amazing!
Thanks scar for another amazing video! I love how much detail you put into each video
I will always trust Scar no matter how long he is gone or how long something takes.
You are a crazy man Scar. Its lovely! Take all the time you need!
Hi Scar, as a viewer, I don’t expect for you to throw your sanity aside to finish a massive project in a single go 😝 keep it up tho! (Also you’re the BEST at making copper roofs)
You got this #itrustscar
We trust you Scar ❤
I trust Scar :D
welcome back Scar. You were missed. I trust Scar.
I TRUST SCAR!!
I love when projects are broken up into multiple episodes! It gives me time to fully take in and appreciate every detail of your amazing builds! It also gives you a chance to take things slow and make sure you don’t get burnt out  Important side note* mental and physical health is ALWAYS number one priority! We can wait for the videos don’t get worried about consistency. We will always be here when you come back!
1.99M subs!
Trust you with all my life scar!!
Scar, your level of terraforming and eye for detail is something every one of us that plays minecraft strives for. You are an inspiration to us all. Thank you for being you and thank you for playing and living out our dreams.
omg i absolutely love the castle so far!! definitely inspires me to make my own!
0:54 Scar is hermitcarvt season7: bdubs face horrifies me Scar in season 9: beautiful shining eyes How the times have changed
I saw your community post- This was very quick after that! great job! I don't know what else  to say, but this is amazing. The build and the fact that you succeeded mentally. I trust you, Scar.  Sorry if my wording or something was impolite i'm just trying to say i'm proud of  you even though i don't really matter and you probably don't care what I think cos i'm just a random person on the internet and i'm going to stop now.
That temporary bridge looks better than every bridge I've ever built, combined
Good to see and hear from you again! My sympathies for the rough stuff you've been going through health wise ( a very dear friend of mine is going through chemo and radiation treatment for cancer) Just keep on keeping on your awesomeness! Keep kicking butt and creating wonderful stuff! And always remember, "YOU ARE LOVED!"
I trust scar
I trust Scar! Don't worry and keep going!
I trust Scar…and I love him. ❤
Your builds landscaping and video content in general is truly amazing thank you for sharing your passion and talent with the community 100% trusted in this castle endeavor
Scar: you monster!! Doc: exactly…😏
Scar is Great
Woohooo gooo Scar, I belive in you!
For the duel with doc, you should craft a set of projectile protection armour. You won't even need to to dodge and weave.
I trust Scar for hes of the based kind.
I trust you Scar! Completely, both that the castle is going to be finished and the back of Scarland is going to look amazing. Take your time and enjoy the process cause we all know that is the most fun part and don't forget to take care of yourself and your dear Jellie cause we all want you guys as healthy as possible...😉❤️
I trust Scar! Also I think it may be more healthy for you to do the castle in broke up portions. U dont need to do it all in one!!!
I trust Scar
in scar we trust
You should make a car park next to the razor crest
Awww Jellies meow at 12:15 is everything to me <3
I trust Scar!
Scar, we love you to the moon and back! There isn't a doubt in my mind that you're going to work that scarland magic and make nothing short of a masterpiece!!!
I trust Scar, because this build is amazing!!!!
Scar, the castle looks STUNNING so far! I trust you 110%. Great work!
Always a good time watching good times with Scar. The castle looks great already!
That how we do it say it 3 times and it will happen
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust scar
I TRUST SCAR! Scar, the Scarland project looks so amazing! Take as much time as you need to work and make sure to take care of yourself. Love the castle! Have a blessed week everyone! God loves us all so much:)
I trust Scar!
Ah yes, the wall is made of wall
My favorite part of big projects is that you see it slowly coming together.
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
12:15 Jellie cameo! 😻 EDIT: 18:47 And another one! Love hearing Jellie in videos! 😸
I trust scar!    Also your level of vulnerability for building something youre new to and posting it on as a hemitcraft is amazing. It's very encouraging to see such an incredible builder show a small amount of anxiousness when trying new things.
Who wouldn't trust scar? He's amazing at everything he does.
Welcome back to you scar have missed your videos
I TRUST SCAR
i trust THE ONE AND ONLY HotGuy, btw castle looks awesome!
Scar, watching you build is always so amazing. Your 'wip' would make any server proud.
this castle is magnificent
I trust scar
Congrats on conquering your fear of castles (I understand). This one is shaping up to be a great one, too.
I trust scar 😂
This is really really random, but as a member of the Deaf community, I feel obligated to thank you for how consistently amazing the closed captions are. Most videos have captions that are just barely able to be followed. Just letting you know it's appreciated. It's the small things ♥️
I trust Scar
I trust you 100% take your time, learn and grow. Something I'm learning to do myself ❤️
The castle already looks majestic, I'm excited to see what's next! Though please take your time, we trust you and want you to be happy and healthy!
We trust you scar!!
wait why does the top front kinda look like its out of monster house movie. love it scar take as much time as you need for the build.
I TRU$T $CAR!!!!!!
Lol Scar is worried makes a masterpiece 😂❤❤❤
i think i trust scar
We all love you scar! Keep it up!!
I trust Scar !!
I trust the Matador of the Mattress Store.
I trust scar
i trust scar <3
I trust you, Scar! It's looking great so far!
The scifi part, you could make the speedy highway like space mountain
Yes!.. "pokey-man" just made my day. I'm very familiar with this terminology as my son rolls his eyes at me. : )   yes, Scar, you are getting old .. but that's okay as so am I and everyone one of us... including *cough* .. mmhmm, Tango, *cough* ..
#itrustscar !!!!!!!!!
The silhouette alone is already striking, you got a solid foundation to work from! I'm excited to see it evolve and get color! Full trust it'll look fantastic.
I trust scar
Does Scarland have a banner?
I trust Scar
I trust scar ❤
I trust scar!
I TRUST YOU SCAR! u can do this, ur amazing at building.
I trust you Scar! Your base is looking amazing!
I TRUST SCAR!
I trust Scar. YOu always do great on your buikds so I know this is going to be a great castle
The way Scar pronounced Pokémon as Poké"man" hurt my soul...     But I still trust Scar cause you gotta trust the process...even when he mispronounces things.
I trust scar!
Do a piston dooorrrr
I love a WIP! I can get more invested when I see the progress over time.
18:47 Jellie's meow! LOL
I could do this all dayyyyyyy 🎶
I trust scar!! He's amazing!
I trust Scar! Looks awesome so far, you're doing great!
huuuuge love to you scar 💜💜💜💜💜
I'm so excited for the castle! It's looking great so far! We trust you Scar :)
I trust you, Scar. I absoloutly love what you have done so far.
Good to have you back, Scar. And don't worry, if it takes a day, a week, a month or whatever until the next video, we'll be there. Take care of number one, first.
Glad to see you back!
Sooo are we gunna talk about Jelly yelling at Scar at 12:10
Trust the process!
I Trust scar!
I trust scar!
WE TRUST SCAR!
Looking amazing, Scar!
you never fail to make me smile :) <3
We love you Scar!!!
I trust scar :) Your doing great work
I don't only trust Scar,    I believe in Scar.
sometimes isuddenly remember that this is a survival server. no creative mode, no easy building while hovering, no infinite resources. the gargantuan ammount of effort these builds take are truly amazing
I trust scar
I trust Scar! It's amazing to see big builds go up in one episode, but I hope nobody sees it as an expectation. I'll still watch every video, even if there isn't a big build!
You are literally an artist, Scar. I love what you do, and thank you for the beauty you add into the world ☺️
Dude, I 100% trust my guy Scar ❤
We trust scar!
"pokeman" -Scar 2023
I Trust Scar
I mean technically the chicken that you have can't lay eggs so you still have a rare mob.
Giving me Mansion vibes.
It’s like my favorite scene in Toy Story 2:  Ya can’t rush art!
i trust scar!
i trust scar
i trust scar
Take your time, I trust in Scar :D
I trust you
Scar you can build diagon  alley and put the dragon there
scar takes mega base to a next level this build is like the gigabase from season 8
The castle already looks amazing
I always trust you! Never doubted you for a second! It's looking amazing already. Use as many episodes as you want, we're here for the ride. Take care of yourself <3
I trust Scar with my life
SNAP is the best Pokemon game.  The castle gates look great!
amazing
I trust Scar, and always will. Your creativity and positivity are boundless, and you are an incredible inspiration! Keep doing what you do!
6:12 I mean, where is the fun if a mega build is just done in one episode? I love to see the process and how the build develops! I trust you Scar! ❤
Holy smokes! That's so mega!
Of course we trust scar, only an idiot would doubt the bob ross, mad artist of minecraft that is scar!!!
Of course we trust you Scar!  We're boggled at how much you got done in the first installment...
I trust Scar! So happy every time i see you post ❤ and am always blown away with what you're able to accomplish! Take all the time you need. We're content to wait, esp because you do your best work on your own time 😊
I trust the not very pg scar
not only do i trust Scar but I look forward to having the castle take a few episodes. I love the longer builds, I feel like we get to enjoy and appreciate the details a lot more. Yeah getting it all one and done is cool and impessive, but more parts means more scar and who doesn't want more scar? <3
Yeah, definitely needs to be a drawbridge Maybe frame it with a gatehouse or 2? But the little koi pond zen garden bridge doesn't really fit with the grandeur of the MAIN ENTRANCE TO THE EPIC CASTLE CENTERPIECE tm.
I trust Scar to build a great castle, no Matter how it turns out. The start is already inspiring.
You better clear out a lot of space of that dragon.  I don't think it lands.  But definitely something to go for!
So glad to see you back Scar! It would be completely UNREASONABLE to think that you could build a whole castle in one episode! Don’t burn yourself out, take your time!
We trust you Scar! The castle is literally a MEGABASE, of course it won't get done in one day! Plus, it's much more entertaining to watch it progress and grow over time, rather then in one timelapse!
I trust Scar. Take 50 episodes if you like. I'll watch every one.
I trust Scar
I always trust Scar
Scar’s temporary bridge looks better than any bridge I could make...
Scar... believe in yourself more!!!! It looks absolutely fantastic!!!!! So much love to you, you really are my idol!
I trust Scar!!!!!
Wow just wow
In Scar we trust... <3
Scar could take 10 episodes and no one would care as as long as there is dedication into the videos it’s fine
I trust Scar
Happiest place in all of Hermitcraft!
i trust scar!
I trust Scar especially with the backside to get done, unlike Grian saying he'll do the backside.
I trust scar
The TCG packs are Minecraft Bundles. Mouseover the cards in your inventory individually to check their rarity.
Despite popular opinion, I trust scar
I panic!  Doc really is a monster 👹👹😂😂😂😂
If you do not trust Scar I think you have trust issues.
I trust scar with every fibre of my being
Scar, i think that it would be really cool if you made some armor stand figures holding swords or crossbows or something at the gates of the castle, like guards (obviously this would come a lot later in the build, but just a suggestion)
Scar, just letting you know, you can’t win this fight. Doc’s too good at... what he does...
I trust Scar
I TRUST SCAR!!! YOUR BUILDS ARE ALWAYS SO EPIC
Between 12:00 and 12:19 jellie is talking
I trust Scar! I always have & he is AWESOME! ;)
#ITrustScar 😂 as always an incredible build full of life 🎉
After new land  generation we see less landscape artists but there we are
I trust Scar!
Scar, we've always trusted you, that's why you have such a strong community. You're the best!
i trust scar
I trust scar
I misheard grind, so I thought he said "super fast crying mode" and I thought man... he really dislikes castles
#ItrustScar will finish the backside of his base
It takes a scar to build that
If you ever turn of my bell to this man's channel again YT, I will rage.   You probably won't care, but that's how it'll be
A TCG arena would not be misplaced in Scarland
I trust Scar!! Love the design and artistic styles on the castle it’s going to look a-mazin!
I trust scar
OH MY GOSH, OH MY GOSH!!!!!!! that castle looks Awesome!!! AND THATS JUST THE BEGINNING!! soo excited to see where this goes.
I trust the process! It's gonna look awesome. :)
was I the only one who heard a Jellie cat?
I trust Scar!
Of course we trust you Scar! No one is expecting a fully complete castle in just 1 episode! What you did is way more than you needed to in one episode anyways! What you’ve built already is wayyyy more than a lot of previous seasons of Hermitcraft’s full mega bases. You are doing such wonderful work and it is super impressive, even if you never finish it. Take as much time as you need 🫶🫶
I trust scare
I have all my trust in you, Scar!
I trust Scar!
How could we not trust you when we have seen what you can accomplish? From the magnificent Volcanic City of season 6, to the magnificent-er Larry the Snail of season 7; you truly do deserve the title of HotGuy.
This is looking amazing 💚
Work work work!
I trust Scar, we've all gotten older with you <3 Whether or not we act like it is another matter  XD
At 5:14 Scar sounded like a minecraft Witch laughing
Scar, you've proven time and time again how good of a builder you are. I haven't seen the end of the video yet so I don't know fully what it looks like as of now, but #itrustscar
I trust scar🎉❤😊
Ooh! Drawbridge!!!
I trust Scar, because I am NOT IMMUNE TO THE GOOD TIMES!  #SCARSWEEP
I trust you Scar. Take all the time you need. I do love your little bridge design btw. Maybe a change of color so it fits the castle? Castle looks amazing so far. Love and hugs 💜🏰
Sorry to hear you’ve been dealing with some heavy stuff Scar, but love seeing you back and loving the start of the castle!!
Get scar to 2 mill subs
Scar just casually making a mega base as a feature for his theme park 🤣
I love the castle scar! but.. "Pokeman" ...
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar!
#ITrustScar o/
🤍🤍🤍
I trust Scar!!
Thank-you hotguy for continuing the grind I loved your vod 😁
I trust you scar! Take your time on the castle, god knows I couldn't bang out something like this in even five episodes -- seriously! Take your time!
I trust Scar :)
i am always so happy if i see a youtube video of scar in my foryou page, and this one was no exeption, so amazing
You did it dude!!! Soo proud!! Thanks for the amazing video. Cant wait for the next one no matter how long it takes
scar i would literally watch you build a castle for 100 episodes you have absolutely nothing to apologise for !!
Congrats on 2 MILLION subscribers!
💀💀💀
Good to have you back Scar! Everything you build always turns out amazing (except maybe redstone...). We trust you!
Scar it looks amazing already!!! Even if it DID look wonky (which it doesn't!), I entirely trust your process :D
Whose excited for some sort of card tournament  I’m so happy Beef finished ❤❤❤
I trust Scar! How could anything you build NOT look amazing???
I trust scar
Scar, I love your castle but please add the 3 fences you forgot to add on the left flag pole...
Of course we trust you scar!!your a super awesome cool dude
I've been playing Minecraft as long as you, but I know I haven't built as much in my entire Minecraft experience as you have just in this season alone! I trust you completely to make this yet another amazing project and season! 😎
I love the draw bridge idea and it’s good to see you back on the server having a “blast”
I trust Scar
I just have to say WOW!! Looks amazing. Also I love being SCARED for life!
15:34 illager Scar!
Pokemon Snap was the best.
Idkw everyone thinks they need a complete build every episode. A partial build just means more time for us to see details. I'm here for a combo of building and personality.
I trust Scar!!
I trust Scar! <3
You're going to love playing the HermitCraft Trading Gard Game
Don’t apologize for the castle not being finished! It looks amazing already and it would be CRAZY to expect you to get that all done in one episode.
We always trust u!
i trust scar
I trust scar!
16:35- Jellie meowing in the background🥺
I TRUST YOU FULLY !! You're an artist who is deeply skilled snd worked to acquire and hone each of those skills!! Trust them and yourself to guide you through this new challenge!!
im excited to see how the caslte comes together and i dont mind waiting for it :D your builds always inspire me to make my own too. we trust your vision!!
I trust Scar
I trust you scar.
I trust scar!!
The castle is looking great so far! Take as much time as you need for it, no rush!
I Trust Scar !!!
The Castle gate already looks amazing! We all have the upmost trust in Scar  Also, Jellie screaming in the background made my day. She's such a sassy kitty
i trust scar :)
Wow, great start to the castle. I believe in you Scar, you are going to make tis castle amazing, just like you.
Scar! Scar! Scar! Scar! Scar!
I trust scar
I trust scar and I trust the process
i trust scar we love you!
I have a 6 year old and a 1.5 year old. I can inform you that that is EXACTLY how it is to parent a toddler.
I trust Scar!
Ah, finally, the bow duel to end all bow duels, can't wait for that to happen, also, that castle looks absolutely beautiful. A wonderful job was done on building the castle
I trust Scar! Always! :DDD
I trust you Scar
Scar you can add 2 lion statues at the castle entrance.
ammm...doc send you something
I completely trust scar ❤❤❤ you are amazing and I think having the project separated by episodes gives it more meaning and charm ❤
The castle is looking incredible :O
8:13 wow!!! The castle looks amazing so far!
I trust scar we trust scar
Hay scar you know the dragon has to stay at the height limit right
Scar's Floating Castle real
I trust Scar
I absolutely do trust you Scar. I can only imagine how daunting this project must be for you. Even if it is still building, something you are obviously very skilled at and knowledgeable about, it is an entirely different type of building. A different scale means using blocks in new ways, working with new shapes, and new techniques, and it just might be that some skills are not be transferrable.  On top of that you have to learn all of these things in front of an audience of nearly 2 million people. I imagine it it is quite easy to get in your head about that - the idea that your audience will expect the same level of building technique for a building style that is entirely new to you.   I just wanted to say I for one absolutely do trust you and your process here. I admire your courage to try something new in front of your audience - in fact I find it very inspirational and have been more brave about sharing my own art because of it - but I also think that it is fine if you do build something that you end up redoing at a later point. In fact, I think seeing that could be just as interesting as seeing something that is finished and stays as is. Seeing your process of "fixing" something you don't like would be very cool, and I would definitely enjoy that too. I can't speak for anyone else, but I admire you as an artist as much for your technique as for your finished product, and just watching you work would be interesting even if what you end up producing isn't the finished version of what you are building.   Finally: I very much enjoy what you have built of the castle so far. The shapes work very well in the space.
Castle fits perfectly with the rest of the park! I love it!!
I trust You Scar ❤
You got this scar. Let it take a few episodes, play some TCG and have fun with your friends we'll be here.
I trust Scar
fun fact: people born in 2010 are in highschool now (12-13)
I trust Scar!
You can’t say you have a fobia of castels when you are the second best castelbuilder in the world.(after bdubs)  I LOVE IT😂
14:20 Roomba in minecraft???
you almost have 2M!!!!!
I TRUST IN SCAR!! So proud
I trust Scar. Always
A masterpiece is worth the wait, take as long you need scar. Idk if this will be based on sleeping beauty’s castle but maybe if it fits your version for the build maybe having the black thorns along the walls of the castle if it’s even possible could look cool
Let’s go Scar! 🎉
❤️
I fully with my 2 brain cells trust you 🫡
I trust scar!
I. Trust. Scar.
I trust scar
I trust scar😊
Of course we trust you Scar. You never disappoint. And the castle already looks really good.
I trust Scar!
the front of the castle is looking so cool! I never thought of using wall blocks like that, the little gap it leaves on the side for another block color to be visible is very fancy
start of the castle looks awesome! can't wait to see where you go with it
#trustinScar  I really love your builds no matter how long it takes you. They inspire me in my own builds in my worlds. You should also keep that chicken if you still have it and put it in a "rare items" cage.  Anyway stay frosty and stay well!
Glad to see you again mr Scar :)
The highway looking like you're going at light speed like during the start of hyper space mountain would be so cool 😮‍💨
Ah yes, the wall is made of wall
I trust Scar!
If you want some realistic castle inspiration. One of the most important aspects of castles is that it has security redundancy. You get through the door? Here's another door! And archer holes above you too! Got through that door too? Here's  a courtyard with archers shooting down at you Got into the keep? Here's stones falling down on your head!  I understand you are making more of a facade, but these kinds of things could help give the interior some life, as well as utility if you ever ended up having a server wide war again....
It's going to look amazing Scar. Stop doubting yourself and Let the big dog eat, haha. You got this in the bag. Can't wait to see it complete.
I'd remove that tree in the middle leading up to the castle at 19:54
I trust you with every fibre off my body
I trust Scar!
I’m so excited for your duel with Doc, that sounds like it’ll be fun!
this castle build is gonna be so cool!!!!  the forced perspective from the smaller towers already looks so good, I can't wait to see the magic touch you'll bring to the castle (i'm 10 minutes in to the video)
instead of a trainstation you could create a Hyperspace theme for the highway-stop in the sci-fi land
I trust Scar.
I can't wait for Doc and Scar's "duel"
I trust you Scar, you're Youtube
Scar has the most wholesome comment section
I love the details in the gate ! Also we don't care how long it takes to build the full castle, all that matters is your happinnes with the result!
I trust Scar 👍
I TRUST YOU SCAR 🙌
You should turn the bridge into a draw bridge
I trust scare
When the video finishes 😭
I love Scar living his best minecraft life! That said....don't feel pressured bc we all love you and have no issues waiting for your creations!
como que 33?
Scar getting blown up and says “THE LANDSCAPING!!” 😂
The castle entrance looks like a Scargina
I TRUST YOU SCAR
Scar I love your videos. And the effort you put in them 🙂 . Your a great guy
❤ You Scar! You are ahead of me! My holiday decor is still sitting on my dining table half put away 😂 I should leave the red bulbs out for Valentine’s Day. Mostly this is because my basement has its own chest monster. Can Zombie Cleo come over?
I trust you Scar! Watching your build come together slowly but surely is amazing! Take as long as you need to record and upload your videos - there’s nothing wrong with taking your own pace for these things. Watching this build slowly come together is incredibly cool and inspiring!!
Dear lord Scar.  What an incredible castle.  Take as long as you need  to finish, but you have not only conquered your fear you have annihilated it in Supreme domination.  And you will have fun with the card game.
The curvature of the wall is brilliant! Not only did you pull off a good castle vibe, you've made it suitable for the magical feeling of Scarland. Noice!
I trust you Scar, and the castle looks amazing so far!  Be sure to take all the time you need, we are all very patient fans and even if there are ones who aren't, don't worry they'll get their entertainment when they get it. 🤣💙 Thank you for being an inspiration to me and other disabled people out there and helping me escape reality into a world I don't have to worry in, thank you so much.
I trust Scar!  🐱 ... Yes. That is what it is like to raise a toddler with ADHD.  Except instead of worrying about dying, you are worried that the toddler will somehow injure themselves when you turn your back for a second.
I trust you scar, you,re amazing
The castle looks amazing scar! It’s just your thing to brighten everyone’s day so wonderfully. I hope your doing well, have a great weekend!
If you ever think something takes you too long, remember Tango and Decked out 2 he is haunted by that feeling. You are fine Scar, really (: man, I love seeing you again.
I love hearing Jellie meowing in the background
I trust scar
WOOOOOOOOOO SCAR AND PEARL EPISODE ON ONE DAY ❤  Also I love your castle scar ❤
I trust scar
Scar make a drawbridge
I trust you Scar, you got this :D It's looking friggin amazing already so far!! I really like how you used the acacia and then covered it up with a layer. It doesn't completely conceal it, but doesn't make it stand out as much as it would uncovered. It's nice :D Excited to see where it'll go, take your time tho <3
I TRUST SCAR
Scar saying Pokémon scars me
We trust you no matter how long it takes
HOW CAN I ONLY LIKE THIS ONCE?!?!
I trust the HotGuy!
scar the castle looks incredible already take as much time as you need on this we trust you
i trust and will always trust scar! <3
I really like the rare welsknight card you got. Its best used late in a game and can deal 170(I think?) damage at its most powerful, which is over half the hp of even the most tanky cards
I trust scar and will like the vid to reduce your feeling old
The castle already looks epic
That is just the entrance‽‽‽ scar this is going to be amazing!!!
I trust scar, that gem will take longer and it is both fine and legit. :3 Have fun. I am not asking for more. ^^
we always trust you scar :)
So close to 2mil
Open gates with a draw bridge! Both of a type or multiple types of wood to give you a warm texture. wood = warm, stone = cool.  That's my vote! It looks amazing so far. Can't wait to see the rest!
I TRUST SCAR!
I trust scar ! :)
Wonderful crastle
we trust scar, all the time
SOOO CLOSE TO 2 MIL SUBS
We could watch paint dry but with Scar it would be fun
I TRUST SCAR! Though take your time Scar and enjoy the build. It can take as many episodes as you need. Im sure we will watch all of them happily!❤❤❤
looks awesome scar!!
I TRUST SCAR!
You can take as long as you need. We will wait for you, because you are worth waiting for. I trust you Scar ❤
THE CASTLE WALL LOOKS CURVED, THIS MAN HAS MASTERED FORCED PERSPECTIVE  I trust scar
I appreciate your videos so much! I trust Scar :)
This comment will probably get swamped by others, but I just wanted to say that I would genuinely like to see all parts of this building process. In NO way should you feel like you have to finish the whole thing in just one episode. I actually think it's far more interesting to see the process and grow/get better at building along with you. Please don't feel like you have to cram anything in or speed up hours upon hours of work into short time lapses or transitions - I want to experience those blood, sweat, and tears with you, man. Please feel free to take as many episodes as you need for this awesome build - I'm excited to come along with you for it. I trust you, Scar.
I trust Scar!!
12:00 Jellie meowing in the background?
18:48 jellie?
I trust scar
I look forward to scar doing new things! I trust scar to make an amazing creation in this world and to also add a dragon to the castle
I trust you Scar and I know with your talent when its completed it will look Amazing.  I also know the journey to get there will be an entertaining one as I adore your videos so much.  Thanks for all of the wonderful and amazing content.  HUGS
I trust Scar!
The minecart movement bug can also be used by a player. If you get a saddled pig into a minecart, and sit on it, then you can control the minecart (but the controls are inverted, which is why hostile mobs (jockeys) go away from you when in this state).
Looks so good so far! We trust you scar❤
The castle looks awesome and no matter how long it takes it will always be awesome.love you
I JUST SAW THE THUMBNAIL, IMEDEALLY UNLIKED THE VIDEO I WAS CURRENTING WATCHING, CLICKED ON YOURS BECAUSE THERES NO WAY THOSE TWO VIDEOS ARE THE SAME RATING, I GOTTA GOVE YOU WAY WAY WAY MORE LIKE
We trust you Scar!  :)
You're Awesome at what you're doing I believe in you ❤  💛 ✨
The card pack is a bundle!  You got bundles dude!!  I’m sure someone else told you by now but if they didn’t…BUNDLES!!
It's fantastic!!
I trust you, Scar, because with Jelly by your side, you can do anything
I TRUST YOU SCAR!! Your builds are always amazing and inspiring and I always smile when I see your videos! You gotta take time for yourself as well!  Also I LOVED the part where you can hear Jellie in the back<3
Where the river meets the wall just scream secret dor
SCAR ITS SO GOOD
i trust you buddy
Scar, I trust you with my LIFE
Ofcourse we trust Scar! 🤠
I trust scar it's gonna be beautiful
I will always trust you! 💚
I trust Scar. After all these years of watching him I have no reason to doubt him.
#itrustscar Even if the castle will take more than a couple of episodes ;) The gate to the castle looks great!
i trust you scar! this castle is incredible!
This looks amazing!!! take your time Scar, "better slow and tailored, than quick and sloppy".  Also I love how you don't do anything half-assed. Even the bridge which is temporary is made detailed and pretty.
I trust you Scar!
I trust you scar😊
I trust you Scar, thanks for the amazing content!
Good to see you back in action, scar!   The Scarland Castle is looking beaut,
ive had an exhausting week and i just got home to find this video and the way i felt energy to keep going. im not inmune to the good times
I trust Scar with my life.
I trust you Scar!
2:30 great evasive action, scar.
i cant tell if the silhouette of the floating castle looks like buzz lightyear wings or an x-wing 😂😂 i love it
Thanks for the amazing videos and laughs Scar. You're my favorite Minecraft player and Youtuber. ❤
Am I the only one who misses the Christmas decorations? 🥺
I trust scar😊❤❤🐱
12:06 cat starts talking
11:57  lol Jellie chatting away in the background
I trust scar
I trust you scar!
I trust you Scar! Love all the spires/spikes everywhere and the area around the front/river landscaping is amazing~
actually I prefer people splitting up builds over episodes! It reminds qou that they are really building it and not just hit the insert button and then move on..
I trust scar , but that hot guy not so much
The castle entrance looks spectacular!!! How can you not trust a master builder with his craft?
I trust Scar
it being a draw bridge that is always down might be good
Looking amazing already scar, just take all the time you need, we will wait for any video, we always her for you
Hope you're feeling better buddy.
I wish there were more of you. You’re good people.
I trust scar
In Scar we trust. 💜
i trust scar
I think the castle is great. I think a good idea would be to somebody to make a gray concrete powder piston door
Scar : this won’t be built in an episode… gem : I have been building my castle all season
Great Video Keep up the great work!
You should use the draw bridge idea and build a stair case up close to the edge of the moat and the bring the draw bridge onto the stairs. The stairs would go up to a landing that the drawbridge would rest on. I think it would not only add some more height in front of the castle but it would also let you connect the castle and the other side of the moat with a little more integration!
I TRUST SCAR!!
I trust scar
The dragon dreams are heartbreaking, when you know about all the maintenance Doc has to do
Go Scar!
It's beautiful.  You have our trust, and you never let us down. Excellent video, superb build.
I trust Scar?
Scar. We all trust in you. We care about you. We enjoy spending time with your episodes!
I TRUST SCAR!!! This is amazing!!!
I trust Scar !
I love how Scar is worried about needing a couple of episodes to build a mega castle. Meanwhile, I'm 3 years in trying to build a castle thats half the size of his gate.
Every time you fly over Scarland, I see new details to love!
I trust Scar!!! So glad to have you back and what an awesome build!!!
That sunset through the gate looked pretty epic.
I trust scar
Less progress per episode is more fun. Scar builds have lots of detail, and lots of thought put into them, so with more episodes we get to see more focus on each detail
I definitely trust you Scar! This is amazing, I can't believe this is JUST the entrance for the castle! A-MA-ZING!
As someone who builds the ugliest buildings, I believe in you
Scar, nobody has ever cared that mega builds are all in the same episode. I think I speak for everyone when I say that you're the one that pushes yourself WAY too hard each episode!   I like watching for cozy vibes. The builds are just a plus!
Quality over Quantity my dude. I'd rather have a masterpiece of a movie in 2 years then a piece of junk in 2 months. You can take a month to make an episode and I will always be delighted to see the notification
SCAR... of course we trust you! You shouldn't even need to ask. :3
i trust scar
I always trust scar
Trust you and wish you good luck and inspiration on this journey
I trust scar!! This crastle is gonna look amazing!!
I trust you scar! it looks amazing already!
I trust scar!
I trust you immeasurably, and whatever you create will be gorgeous in the end!
i trust scar!
I CANT WAIT
When I see scar I see GIGACHAD
Time-lapse music is such a vibe
Don't let yourself be stressed by you or anyone else. You do you.  We are just happy to get to be a part of your journey and watch the process. 🧡🏰
Scar this was amazing!! And wow as I was watching the episode sometimes in the background you could hear a MOW and I dont have a cat so I am assuming that was Jellie! sorry if I spelled Jellie wrong... anywise you always manage to put a smile on my face I LOVE Scar land and this has been a blast!! 😘
The castle looks greyt
ALMOST AT 2 MILLION 🎉
Scar never disappoints!
Tgg🤣
I trust scar
I trust Scar. 😊
I TRUST SCAR
Is It me or do the time lapses feel odd?
Go with gates as a castle builder gates are your friend or giant wooded gates  Make the bridge out of stone with chains and lanterns. I lobe the build keep it up or keep it on the ground lol.
I haven't even started the video, (can't skip the ad,) but this deserves a thumbs-up. Midway edit: I TRUST SCAR. Also, the Super-Fast Build Mode music is gonna be in my head every time I build in Terraria, since I don't yet play Minecraft. Final update: The castle looks amazing! I can't wait to see it finished, dragon and all. The baby jockey... that's a little sad. The highway, though! You should make a race track in Scarland with that! The card game looks awesome, but the fact that it all seems to be map art is kind of breaking my brain. That's impressive. All that aside, though, today is a good day. Not only is one of my favorite shows releasing a new episode, (and yes, this is a shameless, unpaid ad for the Wingfeather Saga,) but Scar himself has released an episode, with card games, castles, and Super-Fast Grind/Build Mode! Plus a chicken with no rider, sad as it is. Thank you, Scar, for this improvement on the day. And for the unfortunate concussion against the trolley. That was fun, too.
I trust scar!
If this is what someone who is nervous about building a castle looks like, I can't wait till Scar hits his groove and is comfortable building a castle.
I trust you scar, keep doing what you doing bro!
i trust you scar
We trust Scar, you got this dude.
There is no Minecraft builder I trust more than Scar to make his builds beautiful and amazing! The progress this episode was phenomenal and I can't wait to see what you do next, no matter how long it takes. Getting there is half the fun!
"These walls are made of walls"   *Wallception*
I trust you scar, you are a very clever builder and a grinding machine.
Scar. I trust your building, but you hurt my soul when you said Pokeman. Lol
scar make a draw bridge with 2 tiny scars pulling ropes for the draw bridge to come down or jellies.
Scars temporary bridge is better than most of mine
I trust Scar! That castle entrance looks killer so far!1
I trust Scare all the way with this project. If anybody on this server can do it, it's him.
For help with TCG - Games Master Cleo's help will be invaluable. Also Beef (The Creator!) Etho, Jevin, Cub, Joe & dare I say it - DOC! They will all be able to help & guide you on your TCG journey.
Scar, I do not understand your phobia So far the castle exterior looks fantastic! Especially after you put in all the foliage on the bottom. I'm sure the end result will be amazing
11:44 Jellie meowing in the background during this section was really adorable
Can’t wait until you get 2 million
you got this Scar! it looks so good already! the rest of it will only make it look better
I trust Scar. Hope you get to 2M today!
I trust Scar
I TRUST SCAR
nametag garfield 1-2323
Now this may be corny or cheesy, but we are glad your back and you deserved the time off.
I trust scar, vote scar.
I trust Scar, will the castle be Scar proof
Scar, I trust you with all of my heart
Scar this is gorgeous!!!
Hey score Pokemon is a really fun game there many Pokemon games out there including the TCG Pokemon Trading Card Game I think you will like the TCG Trading Card Game what VintageBeef has been making I've been watching his videos this whole entire time I have a good feeling that you will like the game
First off, take all the time you need. We will always wait for you.  Second, love the fact you manually mined moss even tho there's many peoples farms you can "borrow"
hearing jelly demand attention throughout the video in the background is just so adorable
I trust Scar :<9
i trust scar <3
I trust Scar! <3
At this theme park there is a bridge, that looked beaten up like a battle was fought there, but you could walk on it and not fall, that could be an idea
I trust scar
I yes my favourite game, pokiman
Everyone: Temporary bridges are made of dirt Scar: 13:00
Oh Scar! It's beautiful!
i trust scar to take care of himself and not work himself too hard!!! and to have a warm beverage if you need a nice break!
You’re doing great scar!! It may take a while but I’m more than happy to wait to see how it turns out
I trust scar, but jellie's meowing is so cute!!!
I only hope someday to be half the builder you are, Scar.
I can hear Jelly increasingly get louder at 11:56 lol
Pokiman?
I trust Scar!!
Day 56 of letting Scar know he is Absolutely Brilliant!
I feel like the castle is going to be at like the Hogwarts ride
The TCG game. Each hermit has an item type. So build your deck around the hermit’s you have items for
Don’t worry I trust scar
I trust ya Scar :D  *edit and the castle looks really cool, I tried building a castle out of dirt once and it didnt come out great
I trust Scar! I trust Scar with my life! Well no, actually, considerig HotGuy, maybe not with MY LIFE. But I trust Scar!!! :D
We 100% trust you Scar and take your time with the build, the more timelapses the better imo. Its an epic build already!! You're awesome 😎
WE ALL TRUST SCAR
Scar, you've gotta make the speed highway section that travels through Scarland look like hyperspace travel
I trust Scar! The castle could be from 3 episodes to 12 episodes and we all know that each video is worth it!
I trust scar ♡
The castle already looks incredible! We trust you Scar :)
I trust Scar
I trust scar! It's gonna look brilliant!!!
At 12:18 you can hear a cameo from jellie 😂
I trust scar
If you get more zombies, they can self propel if put in a chest boat and then a minecart. Then you can toss a head on them and hand them a treat, and there's your park visitors!
dont worry, scar! we trust you!
I TRUST SCAR !!!!!! YOU ALWAYS BUILD AMAZING STRUCTURES AND EVEN WITH THIS CASTLE YOU ALREADY HAVE BLOWN ME AWAY !!!!!!!!
I trust scar! take all the time you need ! I'm sure it will look amazzzing
Not gonna lie, hearing you pronounce "Pokémon" as "Pokey-man" made me die a little inside.   Castle looks phenomenal, by the way. I've said it before and I'll keep saying it until it happens: The Hermitcraft crew needs to make an adventure map together, because between all of the skilled builders, redstoners, and storytellers on the server, it would be the most amazing adventure map ever.
May I suggest making something that looks like Chinese floating lanterns? You just surround a froglight with trapdoors! I personally like the combination of mangrove trapdoors and purple froglights, also warped trapdoors and green froglights look pretty good together. (I don't know the names of the froglight colors, sue me-)
I trust you Scar! I know you'll make an awesome build no matter how long it takes!
Hi scar. I'm building disneyland to scale in survival minecraft. Just gonna keep commenting till you notice me. 😉
I trust ya to take the time you need ,scar.
we trust you scar <3
Hehe funny man and kitty make a castle
Ah yes,hotguy,cuteguy,and their giant dragon The perfect superhero group
I am here watching this in Spanish class!
I trust you Scar!
i trust scar!
i trust you scar too the fullest
Hi scar! Just know that no matter how long it takes we will be here, we just want you to be genuinely happy that’s what we love ❤
The castle already looks fantastic, there's so many tiny details crammed in there to make some beautiful shapes and textures! I really do hope you're proud of finally taking this first step to conquering your minecraft castle fears!
I trust you Scar! I kinda miss the old days where projects like this took months to complete of videos, not a huge fan of the “all in one episode” trend that has happened
I trust you Scar! Take all the time you need, this is a massive project and I have to say, it looks absolutely stunning so far! I think a draw bridge would be really cool :D Btw when the castle was still floating at 8:20 it kinda looked like a military airplane stuck nose first into the ground lol
pokeeman XD
i trust scar
This castle is looking AMAZING so far
I love your thumbnails
I trust Scar!
You get a down vote for intentionally mispronouncing pokemon.
Oh wow, it looks amazing!
I trust Scar <3
Love love love the castle!!!!!! You should definitely do a drawbridge for the front entrance 🤩
I trust scar
The work Scar is doing is Fenomenal. Outstanding! The way the castle and landscape work together is crazy, and then you have to factor in this is in survival. IN SURVIVAL!! Madman... Good Times to be alive and see Scar spread out his wings, so to say.
It would be very unrealistic of us to expect it to be finished in one episode. you are doing amazing Scar and will never disappoint us. art takes time and you are indeed an amazing artist. <3
I trust scar so much
I trust scar
you should add a new theme - florida! add crocodiles in the water
Trust
I think just changing the wood on the bridge to acasia wood suffice till you find something better
i trust scar <3
-Tust Scar I don't-
It already looks awesome I trust the process completely scar
It already looks awesome I trust the process completely scar
#in Scar we trust
I trust Scar, and I hardly ever comment.
You know what that castle needs? A Jellie  flag
I trust Scar
OH MY GOSH SCAR!! YOUR AN ABSOLUTE LEGEND! I LOVE THE CASTLE!
I really hope this season never ends
Wonderful to see a video come in!! Hope youre feeling better and if not, sending tonnes of love!! I hope this video leaves me SCARREED for LIFE!
i trust scar
I trust Scar. You Got this man! I love your theme park.
I trust scar!
What do you think of the start of the castle??
I trust Scar!
Truly amazing build. Bdubs is a huge inspiration of mine too. You two combined are a legendary duo. Thank you. Take all the time you need to keep producing quality content
I trust Scar. Kinda
I trust Scar.
I trust scar !
I trust scar
The castle looks amazing Scar and we all trust you because you have never disappointed us with any of your builds! always perfection!
So close to 2m!
You've got this Scare! Compared to Grian (who took all of season 7 to build his castle/mansion thing), I'm sure it'll be a sinch for you!
I trust Scar
Scar, the card deck is actually a reskinned Bundle. So you can select it in your inventory and right click on the card items to store them. Check out a Bundle tutorial if you want to know more.
If you were looking for more details to add to that amazing castle entrance, some more ground level FLAGS could really add some much appreciated color into the build!
the walls are made of walls are made of stone are made of the Earth
Scar, you have my full trust. You always somehow exceed my expectations, I mean, Scarland already has even without your magnificent castle! It looks great already, and it matters not if you need a few episodes to work on it, or if you need the rest of the season! ❤️✨
I trust scar!
Spotlights upwards from the bottom of the castle walls could maybe look cool.  Anyway looks very cool 👌
I trust u scar!!
If there's anyone to trust with some crazy massive and stunning build, it's Scar. Take your time man, and remember you're always your own worst critic.
I trust Scar, you have become such a big part of my life I would still watch your videos even if you did absolutely nothing. 😊
Scar! After your brutal duel with Doc, you should ask him about the TCG! He has the self-proclaimed best deck on the server!
need a dark ride with flying minecarts and fireworks going off on the inside of the castle
Uhmazing! You got this Scar!
I you trust scar
I trust scar, I love scar, and scar is literally my favorite person.   Seriously though you’re literally my comfort content creator, and I love each and every one of your videos. But that means nothing if you’re unable to keep your mind in a good state because of your work- please don’t overwork yourself :(
Can’t wait to watch you play the card game 🎉
I trust you scar :) You got this!!
I trust scar
I was just saying I haven’t seen Scar in a bit and a video pops up today! So excited! Take as long as you need. The more episodes the more I get to watch. I have full faith in you and love your videos!
jellie moment at 11:55 <3
Scar this is amazing I just want you to know you are a amazing person and if you need time between that’s totally fine we all will give all the time you need keep up the good work we all enjoy it
I'll trust scar
I trust you scar! Because you are a amazing builder!!
I trust you Scar! I can’t wait to see how Scar land looks in the end!!! I hope you start to feel better! I’ll be praying for you! ❤
I dont trust scare because he will come and HoTgUy me when I least expect it. OH he was talking about the castle. yeah I trust him on that
Oh I definitely trust Scar! Learning curves are hard but that doesn't stop him!
I trust scar!!!!1
It never matters the length of time! I just love you Scar! ❤
Something I remember from season 7 is that you drew some of your buildings first, I particularly remember the never portal. I was wondering if you still do it?
I trust scar, I am not immune to good times :)
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar :D
Yes, I trust scar. Ohhh, I bet that highway goes fast enough you could create a flip book style slide show.
I trust Scar
its pretty dang close to a toddler lol
Scar, you are an absolutely amazing artist with your builds. We always trust you to make the best builds ever, and take as long as you need! I will watch every single episode and love every minute of it <3
Don’t do anything you’re uncomfortable doing
I trust scar one million percent all the way to the moon and back
Scar! the castle is fantastic!
I trust Scar, it's going to be beautiful.
scar, we don't mind how long it takes, we are all here with you and the journey is all part of the process, amazing work:))
We love and trust you Scar!
Yea this is what its like to raise a toddler lol!!!
I trust Scar :D
I have faith in scar!
I wouldn't recommend putting the dragon in the cave unless it's a very big cave and you put a lot of attention towards making sure it stays in its spot, otherwise it will destroy the blocks around it
about the starter deck, Beef specifically designed them to be as balanced as possible, so I wouldn't worry about what you have right now
In Scar I Trust.
STUNNING, absolutely stunning, Scar!!!!  Never doubted for a second that you could bring something incredible to the server!  Take your time and make sure you’re healthy and happy….we all know your health is more important than a video!  Love the way things are coming along in Scarland, and those trees from Sleeping Beauty in front of the castle!!!  Incredible!!!!!  Thank you for all you do!!!  Such an inspiration ❤
I totally trust scar ❤️
Hey Scar, why don't you spawn in another dragon so you guys can both have one?
I’m glad to see you back scar!! But if you need more time we also all understand that, and we will be here for you! Also I trust scar! Go got this castle build!!!!
I trust Scar! Not with my life or anything lie that, but certainly with castles
The castle looks incredible so far! Like with every artist trust the process >w< Excited to see each progress update on it and how you build it up!!
I trust Scar!....unless he's giggling with Grian....🤣
Almost 2 million
Nothing  is more important than you scar I trust scar
I believe in Scar !! You’ve got this man, the castle looks absolutely awesome so far.
Omg! He's back!
I trust you Scar!! ❤
I trust Scar! Whether it's building, shenanigans or Jellie care there is no man better! 😸
I trust scar.
I always trust you Scar!
I'm just taking a moment to say, please don't feel pressured to do mega builds in a blink of an eye, especially this. I haven't watched you since the start, but this is what you have dreamed of since the beginning of minecraft! Take your time with this build, cherish every block placement, and never feel pressured by this community you have.  From what I have read over the years, there's a lot of people who care about each other in the community and you. I don't think any of us want you rushing, thinking you have to do everything in an episode or 2. With fame comes more voices and opinions, don't let the negative ones break the hull of your ship and weigh you down. (and if some do, there's a community here just waiting to help out, I've seen your community posts here, it's like a big loving family.)  Sending some love from Canada.
I believe and trust in Scar
Trust! Love it!
The cards have rearitys comman and rear there ability veary between player and rearty
We all trust in you Scar! Take your time.
Hmmmm yes, this wall seems to be made out of wall
We trust you Scar, you have done amazing, and you will continue to do amazing work.
Trusting the scar with my life 🤝
I've always trusted Scar <3
I trust scar. You dont have to finish in one episode. In fact. I love it better when you take some time. It is a bit intimidating to see how fast you build such enormous buildings. Lol
I trust Scar! I’m always behind you, Scar. Cause’ your heart is good! If you need to take a break I’d love that for you as well ❤
I think its going to look epic when it is completed the moat looks so natural, and the little bridge I kind of like, you could build it like a covered one attached to the castle entrance, but I still like the little one😁.
The rare TCG cards say rare in the description of the cards, and those are typically good cards
I trust Scar he's never let us down that Castle Gate is looking amazing. Excited for the HotGuy v Doc duel.   As for the TCG and how it works.  Hermit Cards: these are your fighters, rare Hermits all have a unique ability  Item Cards: these are what you need to attach to your Hermit in order to attack each card has a corresponding item it needs to fight   Effect Cards: these have a range of abilities from shields or armor to negate damage, to swords and bows that do extra damage, to potions for healing or poisoning, etc   The Goal is to knock out 3 of your opponents Hermits.  Hope this helps.
"these walls and tower are entire made of walls"  ah yes, the floor here is made out of floor
The castle already looks amazing
And just like that, Scar conquered his phobia and broke the mold for minecraft Castles in doing so XD
I trust scar!!! the amount of work and detail in the front gates is amazing, so excited to see what you do with the rest! the teraforming is amazing too!
In Scar we trust
The castle looks amazing so far! Nobody expects you to build it in one episode
Maybe you could hang some huge wool banners on the side of the castle walls, just to give it even more collour😁
I trust Scar. I know you will finish the castle and it will look amazing.
a true work or art 🎨
I trust scar :D
What? Why are the likes so low where's the other 1.92 million of us
I trust Scar. A Minecraft artist ;)
I trust scar :)
We love you scar!!
I trust scar!!! I would watch ya build something over a thousand episodes if that's how long it took to get it right!!!!! Love ya face and good luck and best wishes!!
Yeah woohoooooo multiple episode build.  They are my favorite. I know it takes forever to do these builds and it's great to see that. I love watching the process. Scar you are a God level builder of course we trust you.
It looks incredible my friend
I trust u scar !!! U got dis 😊
Hey scar! With the bridge you could make it out of deep slate and make it look like an opened drawbridge, thanks for being you! ❤
What if you used fireworks at different heights to make an arch. Making it look like the disney intro.
invite me to hermitcraft and i teach you about the pokeman hermit tcg games
I trust Scar
Castle bridge could be a drawbridge? Would make it look more castley, but I don't know if "theme park" castles have them. Next chicken Jockey (and other mobs-by-minecarts) can be safely ejected with an activated rail diagonal to where you want the mob, and filling all other spaces around the rail.  [Block]         [Block]    [MOB go here] [Block] [Activator Rail] [Block] [Block]       [Rail]           [Block]
I went to an amusement park in France that was entirely centered around a volcano (imaginatively the park was called "Volcania")  and it was mainly science things, lots of learning about the volcano as well as other geology stuff, it was cool, I really enjoyed it. One of the non-science things they had though was one of those iMax cinema experience things where you're riding on a rickety minecart through the volcano and you encounter a dragon. A minecart ride through the caves under the castle and encountering the dragon could be really cool.
I trust scar! Super Slow build mode dude! Take your time and do it the way you want it to look, no pressure we're in it for all the rides of scarland not just the rollercoasters
I trust Scar <3
I trust Scar.
I trust scar!
Hi scar!! Just here to say, we love you♡♡
I trust Scar :)
I’m actually way more excited for a big gradual build than getting it all done at once. And I’m sorry about your chicken zombie but that sequence was so well edited I was cackling the whole time
#ITrustScar Honestly, building at a large scale is always gonna take a long time, and so I appreciate the amount of time and effort that Scar put in all his builds as I no longer have a time to play any games let alone build in Minecraft.
I trust scar. The castle is design is very unique and I look forward to seeing the finished product!
I trust scaaaaarr :^)) we get to jam out and marvel at the building youre making man idk how you guys can do it all, all that work thats put into it 😵 i kno its part of the job but i could never
I want to experience scar playing Pokémon snap so bad, he has amazing Pokémon bird watcher energy
you don't want to put the dragon in a cave, it drifts and it's face will destroy everything in it's path. Doc has to continually move his back to above the flag pole. if you hover over the cards, they will tell you if they are rare. It looked like you had the Rare Hypno, it's so powerful Beef nerfed it and it is still extremely powerful. Based one what I've seen so far, I'd run a Hypno/Joe deck. Both rares are absurdly powerful. It'll limit your deck to two types, get some chorus fruit, crossbows and card draw. I think the chorus fruit is one of the best cards and should be mandatory for any deck. That castle wall looks fantastic and glad to see you back. Hope all is well.
I trust Scar
Liked the video to make you feel less old, Scar. I'm 30, and injured my shoulder just by sleeping this week - stay strong brother. ✊️
Hey, Scar I should warn you, Dragons require a lot of maintenance to keep them from drifting. By the way, DO NOT put it in the cave, the dragon still destroys blocks and will move around over time.
I trust scar
hope you win tumblr's mcytsexyman contest!!
I trust scar :)
Scar I trust you and believe in you to build the most magical castle for Scarland! No matter how long it takes I am already impressed and will stay that way no matter what you do! ❤
I trust Scar ❤❤❤❤
I kept hearing Jellie in the background and thought it was my cat. I was like. Maui? You good?
Man Scar, I totally trust you, and actually love that this is going to be a multi-episode project. It's a lot of fun to hear you explain your ideas and design decisions along the way and see how everything shapes out bit by bit.
i trust scar <3
I trust scar
So proud of you scar!!! The castle looks FANTASTIC!!?
i trust scar
watching this after scarsweep hell yeah!!!!
Scar we all trust you with building this castle. No matter how long it takes we will be here for the process and then the final result of the best castle on Hermitcraft
ITRUST SCAR
So excited to see the start of the castle!! It's all gonna look great!🎊🎉 Every masterpiece takes time!
I trust Scar
Pokemon = Pocket monster. The way americans tend to pronounce it like it was pokimon is so annoying :D
Hey Scar have you played rise of legends of rise of nation? If not than I suggest looking at Alins castle. If you ever want to go for a desert theme. Especially look at other faction architecture especially alins floating castle.
Hermitcraft has now been deemed vanilla+
I trust scar
Me: What a cute little bridge he's built to get to the castle  Scar: I do not like this bridge at all   Me:  Totally agree. Terrible bridge. What an eyesore.
please don't worry about meeting "the expectation" of building enormous projects in one episode! we love watching you work, and spreading it out gives us more time to appreciate how hard you're going at it, and how much you're learning!   you're one of the best builders out there, of course we trust you! 💖💕✨  PS. especially don't worry bc some of us miss early hermitcraft where nothing was done off camera. it was so much fun haha
I trust Scar
11:55  for about 30 seconds jellie wants attention
I trust you, Scar! If anybody can build an amazing castle, it's you!!!
I trust scar! To take care of himself before anything else and to not rush into projects and take his time
I trust Scar.                                                         I actually do.
WE LOVE AND TRUST YOU SCAR!!!! < 333 (and jellie in the background too!!!!!)
I TRUST SCAR!! 🎉
PokeMAN... You just hurt an entire generations feelings. Please see Jamaal Williams post-game interview when an interviewer says PokeMAN. 10/10 worth
Welcome back Scar! I was so excited to hear the super fast build mode music. Really loving the landscape and moat around the castle foundations and super excited to see how the castle turns out! Also, so sorry for little Popcorn mascots death :O He will be missed.
i trust scar !!
I always trust you Scar! ✨💛✨
I've found that one thing that always seems to place castles ahead of others are diagonals.
I trust scar <3
I trust you Scar! Your always amazing and don't ever think otherwise!
Hey scar you ever consider making the back more like the cliffs of dover? It’d be a pretty and less space consuming way to build a back! Also keep up the great work!
Writing this before you start building the castle: I believe in you, Scar! You can do this =)
Man builds a castle front Scar: "oh this is just going to be the wall around it" Me: "Holy egg and cheese biscuits. "
i trust scar!!
I absolutely trust you, Scar!!
I trust Scar blindly!
I trust scar
I trust Scar, let it take 10 episodes and more if needed, ❤
the time lapse was awesome. thank you scar!
I trust scar!
I can not not trust all your builds look amazing
Great video!
Scar I trust you implicitly!! On a side note, I just want you to know that when I am feeling depressed I watch your videos to lift me up.  Thank you for existing and being you!
you can do it scar
i trust scar
I trust scar!
I BELIEVE IN YOU SCAR! you got this man :D just dont lose hope ok? honestly a castle build SHOULDNT be something done in two episodes, imo. they're big builds! 3-5 seems much more reasonable, and honestly, if it takes you longer than that? that's perfectly fine too! ur learning this live as you go. im sure that by the end of it, you will make a castle that you're proud of <3
Take as much time as you need! We care about you and appreciate everything you have done for us and the community. We trust you
I love that you can hear jelly in the background at 18:47
Scar I am so proud of you!! I know how hard it's been lately just fighting that mental block, and that's not an easy thing!
I trust Scar
Almost at 2m subs!
11:55 Can you also hear Jellie meowing in the background of this clip?
We trust you Scar. Take your time with the castle ❤️
i trust you scar
I trust Scar! Even if the castle takes 10 episodes we will still be here watching your amazing videos. Castle or not your videos are so incredible and entertaining!
Anyone else freaking out every time they hear jelly in the background meowing?
9:30  ah yes, the floor here is made out of floor
TCG is very fun, but games take some time, so it's likely you won't put them in episodes. That's why I beg you to upload any games you play to your second channel! I  would love to watch them!
I TRUST YOU SCAR! I know the end result is gonna look amazing even if the entire building process looks scuffed. And what you built in this video already looks awesome; when I found out it was only the *entrance* tho? I was floored.
Scar please, can I audition for hermitcraft, Ghostwar_YT   Your my hero bud
I trust Scar! Also, love hearing Jellie in the background!
I trust Scar! :)
Oh Scar. It looks incredible. We trust you, dude 💜
Scar, don't worry about making everything in one episode! Take your time and build the best thing you can!
I always trust Scar!!!! Trust the process. Love your builds keep it up!!
That castle is beautiful :3
I trust Scar… with his builds… NEVER my diamonds
I trust scar
Happy 2 mil Subscribers, Scar!
Scar, you could add to water attractions something in type of "scary dungeons" where would be underground canalization tunnels and maybe jumpscares , or something like that would be fun!
Omg Scar this looks amazing already. I trust you this is gonna make you such a better builder and your skills will improve. You are doing great.
We trust you Scar! Don't worry about pleasing the audience, have fun with the process and your viewers will rally around you!
I will always trust scar!
Scar, on my server I started a shop called 'CoralStone' which sells dead coral blocks as alternative cobble / building blocks. They make great alternative blocks in castle builds too!
I trust Scar :)
We all trust you scar! take your time and bring us the most beutyfull castle you can make!<3
I KNEW the razor chrest was Sausages build! He built it in Afterlife
You can take all the time in the world to finish any project, I'll always be here excited and waiting to see the incredible results. You are insane!!!
i trust scar xD
I trust you scar
"the sci-fi section" hearing things like that makes me so happy! I feel like I don't want this season to ever end!
That castle wall silhouette appearing through the fog was glorious! Can't wait to see the castle itself!
I believe in you Scar! You’ll finish it all but no rush! Deal with your IRL stuff and don’t worry about rushing for us.
You got it scar! It doesn’t matter if it takes one week or one year two make something, everything you build turns out great. So just relax and enjoy the process!
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!!
Wow, this is definitely not what I expected from the castle, but it’s so much better than what I was imagining
Wow, this is definitely not what I expected from the castle, but it’s so much better than what I was imagining
Thank you for all the smiles scar! We will always support you and we wish for nothing but your happiness
Wow, this is definitely not what I expected from the castle, but it’s so much better than what I was imagining
I trust Scar
Scar, please build a moss farm. It's not that hard. Or use one someone else built!
I really want to play in Scarland when it's done, i would pay to play in it
this video made my day, thank you scar!
I love it how long your videos feel just before you elven twirled the terrain round the wall I got sad cause it thought it was the end of the video but luckily it was almost half that was like waking up for work and realizing it's saterday🤣🤣🤣
I TRUST YOU SCAR!!
good luck Scar, hopefully this doesn't become like Grian's mansion from S7
Scar we love you so if it takes 2 eps. or 5 years we dont care. we love you and we trust you <3<3<3<3<3<3
Sadly I don't think putting the dragon pet in a cave would work. The dragon will delete blocks it flies through - which wouldn't be a problem if it was stationary, but over time it will ever so slightly drift towards 0,0. It can not be contained and we all would be devastated if something went wrong to wake the dragon from its docile state and it took a dive right through Scarland.
Your castle already looks absolutely amazing! It's going to be awe-inspiring when it's complete!
I trust le scary
Do I trust Scar? Ha, is this a joke? Of course! You are one of the best builders of the whole game. I absolutely trust you!
I'm so excited to see how the castle will turn out! I know it's gonna be a beautiful build; I can feel in it in my bones.
I trust scar
I trust you Scar!
I'm proud of you. Not that it matters, because I am a nobody and it's a bit weird parasocially like. But, still. You are a great inspiration.
Pokeyman! lol
SCARRR YOU ARE SO COOLLLLLL
I trust you, Scar.  Build the castle at your own pace, and have fun while you do!  Frankly, I'd rather see a build evolve over time than have it just appear and then it's done and maybe we'll hardly ever see it again.  You must have planned for it to be silhouetted against the sunset.  Amazing work, and well worth waiting for.
I trust you scar!!! Take as much time as you need!!!!
Dang, castle and the front yard look awesome
Welcome back Scar! As long as you take care of yourself, then we are all happy. You always say how some of the other Hermits are Minecraft artists, but so are you. You are able to make anything look amazing with all the details you add
You are one of the most wholesome person I have ever seen
More super fast build mod on multiple épisode ?! The dream !!! :D  Love what you did and all your vid, it's one of the things that give me a huge smile for my day ^^
Scar. It's been so long... Now Doc got addicted to the TCG, and I'm starting to feel the duel will never happen... please 😩
Scar, can you add hidden Jellies around the park?
Proud of you for this.
Can't wait to get the world download for this season Love you scar ♥️ Your talent is amazing, doesn't matter how long it takes to do, it just matters if it is done, and done well(that's what she said lol) Jokes aside we don't mind the breaks you need due to your health. I can only imagine how troublesome it becomes.  You don't fail to entertain us. And even if the season goes for another year, we won't mind Coz one of the previous seasons went for more than 2 years too.
I trust you Scar. You got this.
I trust Scar. Seriously, no one expects a whole caste to be built in one day.
I believe in Scar....
I trust scar!
I trust Scar 😃.
will the castle look a little like Neuschwanstein (the real inspiration of the disney castle)? We trust and  love you :D
I hope we’re not the ones making you feel pressured to make huge 1-episode builds, especially after/during the irl stuff you have going on. It’s hard to say that *nobody* expects that, especially since I don’t generally read comment sections so I’m not sure what comments you face every day, but I can at least ensure you that I’m confident the majority of your fanbase has much more reasonable expectations! We love your builds, no matter how long they take. Heck, I’d say big projects like this *should* take a fair bit of time! I don’t know if it’s actual comments or internal comparing yourself to others that’s making you feel this pressure, but I hope you can feel less of it soon! Enjoy your dream themepark build to the fullest! 💙
WE TRUST U SCAR❤❤
100% trust you, Scar, you take as long as you need to build your castle!
It would be so much easier to state *"I trust Scar"* if he would keep an eye on his health and hunger bars. 😉   Castle wall/facade looks amazing!  Also, I never knew a chicken jockey could control a minecart like so.  Next up, try a boat.
Of course I trust Scar with building a castle!
The castle entrance and the park look absolutely amazing can't wait to see the final product 💙
Scar thank you for being you mate your my biggest inspiration for the stuff i do and the castle looks amazing thank you for being you
I trust you Scar 👍
Scar frets over building the castle, then pulls it off like a boss!
I trust scar's process you got this. Also love that the walls of the castle are literally walls
I TRUST SCAR
Thank you so much for everything you do for this community and remember that your health, whether it’s physical or mental is what’s most important ❤
We trust you scar
I trust you Scar.... That you'll build a fabulous castle 😊🤗
Anyone else think the Scarland castle looks like a "good" version of the Decked Out 2 castle?
When you hover over the cards in your inventory, they will tell you the card name, Rarity and type.  As well as any special abilities (moves) they have.  Get with Beef, Joe, or Cleo to get official games and Jevin is a good one to learn from as well.  Love the castle start looking good.
I trust Scar
Scar, we trust you     Pin please.
Suggestion: make a lazy river
Scar, I trust you         To have very entertaining deaths in Minecraft.
I believe in you Scar Your castle looks amazing
The castle looks sick so far!
i have faith in scar!
I trust you bud. And I missed your Timelapse music :)
It's so good to have you back! Take all the time you need, and I'm looking forward to seeing the castle learning process :)
18:46  Jellie makes an audio cameo!
Me: I trust Scar!  Also Me: I've seen Last Life- and you, sir- are the biggest con man of the bunch. 🤣
I Trust Scar!
I trust scar
I trust scar!
11:56 Hi Jellie, is Scar petting you enough?
Love what u have done! Just an idea but panda dungeon/prison because they are meanie bears
Loved this episode Scar. Isn’t it crazy how much stems from hood infrastructure?
let's be honest etho did the invention of the century
0:17 is me whenever Scar uploads
I always trust Scar
No matter how you're feeling or what ever you're dealing with, it truly is a good time with Scar, such wholesome content, plus he's not bad at building 😀
Sadly the dragon in the cave wont work. The dragon drifts and when it does, if it comes into contact with a block it deletes it. So it will destroy the cave over time.
Like the video. Help Scar get back the five years or so he lost during Doc’s jumpscare.#TrustinScar. Looking at the castle wall it looks really similar to pictures of the Disneyland castle I have seen. Impressive that he can replicate the style so well. Chicken jockey the uncontainable.
dis man was scard to make a castle because he set he was not good at building one but then you look at dis!!! its grazy #Itrustscar
How could you do this to me Scar, I have so much homework due midnight and you’re video has single handedly derailed my focus due to it’s absolute awesomeness. Welcome back to Hermitcraft!!! P.s anyone interested in doing my Calc 2 hw? No! Thought as much :)
Scar you are such an amazing builder and you can of course take as much time as you need :)
This is so awesome! Take all the time you need to work on it, I definitely trust that no matter what you build it will look good! Scarland is such an incredible project, and you’re passion about for it comes out in your builds.
I always trust Scar
I trust Scar
11:57 Is that Jellie in the background? 😭  Edit 1: Her meowing is so cute 😭😭 Edit 2: 18:32 THERE SHE IS AGAIN
I trust scar!!!
I trust scar
We have absolute confidence in you, Scar! This castle is gonna be all levels of Uh-moyzing!
I trust Scar! Wow wow wow wow wow that is the most beautiful castle I have ever seen and it's only the entrance!?! I'm so so glad you're taking multiple episodes on this project, it's amazing and absolutely worth the time spent!  On another note, I'm looking forward to your duel with Doc! I wonder if you'll be fast enough to dodge...
I COMPLETEY trust you Scar :) P.S. The Castle looks AMAZING
I trust scar
Holy cow I really want scarland to be a place in the real world. I would be there constantly!!!  I trust you scar!!!  Take your time!!
Scar: The landscaping 😰... The landscaping 😱😵 All I hear: These kids need to get off my lawn 👴🏽 The kids: 🐐🐏🐏🐏🐐🐑🐐🐑🐏🐐  Sincerely hope that you and yours get to a happier, healthier life soon Scar! Sending all the goat vibes 🤣💖
I don’t know how to build castles but if u want to learns from someone I think bdubs is the best person to teach u
i trust scar!
Scar, I've meaning to comment on your posts but i didn't know how to express it. It i kinda silly, but, as someone who struggles with a lot of mental health problems and blocks i am so happy to see you overcoming your own obstacles.  The castle is already looking amazing and i can only imagine the final results. But, as much as i cheer for you to persist on your projects, i also would like to remind you to take easy, there is no shame in taking your time, i assure you that us viewers understand and will continue to support you even with the breaks, we are here for you, it is a parasocial two way street, you make our day better and we happily support and uplift your content.   Changing topics, i just wanted to thank you really quickly.  Like i said in the beginning, i struggle a lot with my own mental health, well, not only with mental health but i also been having a unhealthy relationship with my own disability. Being kinda knew to  your content i dicided to watch all of your hermitcraft playlist (i got to season 5) and, even tho i know it was not the intent propose, hearing your tips on how to stay positive in troubling times or the overall life lessons that usually would that place in your videos has helped me so much, you have no idea. Scar i look up to you so much, thank you for existing, thank you for being you, thank you for being so strong and making ppl like me strong as well without even knowing.  Thank you, and please, take care of yourself ❤️  (P.s: there is probably a lot of typos, English is not my main language and i got a little emocional lol)
I trust Scar!
That castle looks great already! No need to worry if it takes quite a while, Castles are generally big projects and the level of detail thus far means it likely takes quite a while to build it.  ...I'm not sure putting a dragon in a cave is the best Idea because Doc's dragon drifts a bit over time, but its a very cool idea.
Wait... does Scar know Disney but not Ghibli?
The castle looks amazing!  An idea that could be cool is a gate at the front of it that can be opened and closed with an arrow hitting a target block. This could implement HoTgUy into the theme park a bit.   Imagine at night, the park is beginning to close and in swoops HoTgUy to close the final gate and protect the castle from the mobs that roam the night.   Don't know though! Up to you. I know whatever plans you have for the castle will be AMAZING! Your builds alway seem to be a more inspiration to all.
SCARRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I trust Scar
I don't trust you scar.  we Trust you :)
As Gem says, “Trust the process” <3 I trust Scar!
Scar we all trust u m8
17:48 did scar not pay for his starter deck?
I trust scar
the castle looks lovely so far !!! what an amazing job
I trust Scar! What you've build already is incredible, and however long the finished project takes will definitely be worth it. It's great to see you back on hermotcraft again!
I trust Scar! 😁  Looks amazing so far. Take as long as you need. We'll be here!
I trust Scar!! :D Take all the time you need, have fun with it! I hope you’re doing well. As for the castle, it looks *stunning.*
Scar, I trusted you until you called it “poke-MAN”. My soooouuuulllllll😭😭😭
Btw you should make a rollercoaster inside the dragon when u make it 👍😀
You are by far one of the best Minecraft builders out there. Keep doing awesome stuff Scar. You’re such an inspiration to this community
The best builder in minecraft has made a castle, today is a good day
Dear Disney Imagineers, please give this man a job. I trust Scar! Oooh. A People Mover, or Hermit Mover, from the highway to the gates would be cool!
17:24 I was never into PokeMAN either
Put leads on chickens hide them on your castle hook them up to a fence on the bridge so it looks like rope is carrying a drawbridge
I trust Scar, he is young and is talented at reading
Trust in scar
Scar I trust you the only thing we want is you having fun. If you like what you’re doing we’ll enjoy every second/episode you upload
That is 1000% what it is like to raise a toddler. I believe that toddlers are cute as a defense mechanism, none would ever grow past 2 if they weren't cute.
I'm so happy to see you were able to get a video out! Not even for the video but just knowing you were feeling well enough to do it! Much love
.... Speechless!
LANDSCAPING
I trust scar!! Also loved hearing Jellie throughout the video <3
Hello Scar ! Super happy to be watching Hermitcraft on your channel today ! But I was wondering if it was normal for the video to have its bottom cut (I can't see your firework number to give you an example...). I give you my best support from south of France ! Have a great day !
The castle looks amazing! Good job!
I am so glad you did it!!! The castle is astonishing❤😢Please do remember that we love your work as well as your well-being. That is zero problem with not finishing a massive build in one episode!! No need to worry, please don't rush, art takes time and you are free to take as much time your need-we are always here for you and your amazing work❤
Oh Bub the Boy Scout zombie riding his chicken 14:52
The dragon should be kept in the security office dungeon.
Welcome back Scar! If there’s anyone we’d trust making a giant disney castle in minecraft, ofcourse it’d be you!
You should have left the zombie chicken in the cart and made a bumber car section! Now I want to do it!
It took like a year for Grian to build his mansion if not more in S7, take as many episodes as needed to finish
I trust Scar... /wink
Dude don't worry abt the one ep build thing, I honestly dont like that trend one bit and miss seeing the work that goes into the builds. More time with the building process makes the payoff much cooler!!
I trust in scar.
11:56 jelly <3 i love that i can hear jelly onwards after that timestamp multiple times <333
I have no doubts in Scar's abilities.
I trust scar 😊
Love yours videos!! This brings me so much joy and warmth) Glad that you are feeling better!! Trust you with castle of course :)
Why the laggy timealapse? Although kinda cool
Of course we trust you Scar, this is gonna look amazing! We know this is a long process. It already looks great though!
The castle looks amazing proud of u what an awesome video and what an incredible YouTuber you are I enjoyed every second.
Almost 2m subs, let's go people
This is so beautiful, Scar! I know you've wanted to do this forever...to make your own ScarLand, and it's here! As a Disney (Villain, sorry) fan I love this so much!
Of course we trust you scar! It's totally normal to take more than 1 episode , it's such an enormous build and it already look super cool
man I can't believe scar is apologizing to us about the castle being a wip- it looks so amazing already, and seeing it finished it'll look even more beautiful, I trust him ^_^
I (kinda) trust scar
Scar, the castle wall looks wonderful!  Can’t wait to see what you do with the rest!  I trust it will be Amazing!!
Building in Minecraft looks easy but it's notttt
12:14 was that jellie??? my sweet girl
I trust scar!!!
Scar: I can't build castels Olso Scar: builds an awsame entrance
I trust that Scar does fantastic work, and understand that internet trends of doing huge things in one episode or day is harmful to the platform and its creators
Heyooooo
Welcome back scar! Don’t push yourself too hard tho just take your time and do what you can!
Saying it all out loud: I think everyone that watches Scar is appreciative of the care, thought, and hours of work that goes into everything he produces. I think we're also cognizant of the constraints his health places on him. We're ALWAYS excited for Scar to release new content, and none of us mind if it isn't perfectly on some schedule. Take this video for example, the Tube tells me it was released an hour ago and it's already racked up over 21k views, 5.1k likes, and almost 700 comments. If Scar takes a few extra days, or a week, or however long to release the next video....we're still here for it!
Love you so much scar, thanks so much for this amazing content.
I trust scar! Take your time with this. Your builds are insane i trust you. You did good buddy
Scar : The walls are made with walls.  Indeed? The snozberries taste like snozzberries too.
a TCG venue in scarland would be AHmazing
The video could’ve taken a year scar, and it would have been worth the wait. Don’t let us pressure you into rushing your videos because the quality is always increasingly. We trust you scar
I trust Scar! We love you and care about youre health, if you’re in hard times we can wait.
Scar it is ok if it took a really long time builds do that it is fully ok. Don’t worry I had to learn castles to for building my mushroom one
The castle looks phenomenal so far Scar! Love your videos, hope you're well! 🧡🧡
Your episodes bring me sooooo much joy Scar! Thanks for making such amazing content for us!
You’re darn tootin’ I trust you Scar!
In scar we trust!
The dragon can only hover in the air above. It destroys all blocks instantly on collision. It would break the cave.
Scar!! You’re so cool!! I’m so proud of you for working through your mental block and starting your castle! It can be so hard to do sometimes!
Amazing build.
I trust u scar. It looks amazing.
I trust scar!
I Trust you, the castle will get built, doesn't matter when. Take your time and work at your own pace.
That castle is beautiful!
Most of the starter decks are pretty basic. This is the same for most starter decks.  Also, you might wanta think twice about putting the dragon in a cave... It's AI's been destroyed but it will still destroy blocks. Plus, the dragon drifts. Every now and again, it will move due to how player log in and out. If it's not reset manually, it'll end up back at 0,0. If you give it a cave, it need to be made of endstone and obsidian and you need end crystals to keep it's heal HIGH. If that thing's heal goes down far enough, it will go into attack mode and DESTROY the server.
I trust Scar. <3
♥
I trust scar!!!!
I trust Scar ❤
I trust Scar more than I trust 100 of me combined.
The Highway might work better if you go in swim/flight mode?
Why didn't u keep it in the cart and just use rails. Yeah, it was self propelling, but u coulda stopped it. That wasn't as funny as it shoulda been. I just was gettin upsetty spaghetti. Haha
i trust scar
Can someone please tell me what the thing down on the ground (just between his left hand and the hotbar) at 11:40 is??
pokiman
I trust scar
I trust Scar
Grian’s card is soo funny
You got this! I trust scar :)
I trust Scar 😊
18:48 is that a little meowy Jellie I hear?? ❤️
#love
Hey scar quick question how much rss did you gather for the castle just wondering?
Castel!!! 🏰
I trust scar all the way!!!
Can confirm that wrangling a baby zombie on a chicken is exactly the same as wrangling a toddler 😂
Am i the only one that keeps hearing toddler sounds on  Scar's video??😅
I trust Scar!
I fully you Scar that you’ll make an amazing and beautiful castle. Keep up the great work!
I trust scar
i think etho might be the weakest card in the game actually… if i remember correctly 😅
Don't ask Beef about unfinished minecraft castles!
I trust the SCAR process. Keep up the great work.
As always Scar you are Omazin! Love your content and the builds you do. Watching your videos makes the day a lot brighter! Thank you!!! P.S. I trust Scar!
I TRUST SCAR WITH MY LIFE
I really don’t trust a man that walks around with half a heart with food in his hand. On the other hand that castle look absolutely amazing
I trust scar
11:56   good morning jellie 12:03   ok jellie  12:14    sounds very interesting jellie  17:45     afternoon jellie  18:07     yes jellie we know scar didn't pay but just wait  18:23  told you jellie   18:35  yep right away jellie  18:47  no Im sure he  won't get addicted like the others
Maybe talk to tango about making a custom door for your castle
Love you Scar! I wish I could visit the happiest place in Hermitcraft! It looks so beautiful! 🤩
We trust you Scar. Take as many episodes as you need. The castle is going to be amazing! Looking forward to seeing more progress when you are ready to share. :)
You always cheer me up no matter what
Waited so long
Ah I see there's now a 9th wonder of the world, THE BACKSIDE OF SCARLAND!!!  Edit: Also the castle looks amazing, always have and always will trust in Scar!! Also love that Scarland will have its own demonstration of Minecraft's own "Highway of the Future"!
For the river, maybe use ice blocks. Just place em and break em, no un-waterlogged spots. Carry a bucket just in case
I didnt know I could make the noise I made when I saw that this is up
your really an inspiration for all of us. of course we trust you
I trust Scar! no matter what you tackle, i know you'll do a great job with it!
The design of the wall makes it look more curved than it is, like forced perspective
A portcullis would look awesome at the great big entrance! Maybe with a drawbridge too...
Make castle door working with redstone maybe mumbo helps too btw use more colours in castle walls gray isnt looking that nice
Finally! I've all but stopped watching and playing Minecraft, but I'll always eagerly await your video releases.
You got this Scar! ScarLand is by far one of the best builds to ever been built in Minecraft!
Pushed your heart so you should feel younger now... Also good to see you back and straight into building, don't let the TCG distract you to much you have a backside to unfloat. 😀
I truly trust scar
I trust Scar! As Gem says: "Trust the process!" The castle walls are looking really pretty!  Edit: About your starter deck, it seems to be built around three types: Balanced, Explorer and PVP (you'll understand what that means once you get into the game). I think you also have two rare Hermits (xB and Wels) which have secondary attacks with special effects (indicated by the blue number. Look at the card description to see what it is)! The effect cards you have also seem pretty good!
I trust Scar. Your builds are ALWAYS worth it, even if they take multiple episodes! <3  Edit: Jellie mreows starting at 11:56!
I trust in Scar's ability !!
I ABSOLUTELY 100% trust Scar!
we believe ya Scar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Woohoo! New fantastic episode. I’m so proud of you, you started building your castle! Gotta say, I only done some little castles in Minecraft, I’m scare of the big ones😅 so far it’s looking super great, good job Scar😍 I adore your work!
I trust Scar.
I trust Scar!
I have a feeling that scar is going to end up burnt out by the end of season 9 with all the issues and the amt of plans he's got scheming away....  Please don't stress abt getting videos out. Please take your time and do it at your own pace. A scar upload is always welcomed at any time. But what's even better if you take care of yourself first.   P.S that entrance wall is looking really awesome, can't wait to see the rest of it. I can only imagine the fraction of what you can
Scar you can finish the back because you are NOT Grian haha
Scar posted! This honestly just brightened up my day. Before I even watch this, I know it's gonna be AMAZIN'
I trust ya Scar!
I trust scar!!
I trust Scar
do i hear jellie in the background?
Exactly like raising a toddler 🤣🤣
So excited to see you posted! Welcome back Scar!! Doesn't matter if you need to take time to get out a video, love watching your content regardless of time.
I trust you to complete the back of you base. You aren't Grian
I'm so glad you're feeling a bit better Scar!!! :) There's never any rush because you are so amazing and your health is most important!
Please do a Draw Bridge
Appreciate you, Scar
You've mastered sculpting landscapes with ease after doing it for a long time. It only makes sense you need plenty of time to master the art of building castles, you got this!
hi
Idea for the small river you can do automatically moving boats! It will bring so much life. There is a tutorial about it!
If someone says they will complete the back of something I will believe them... unless they're Grian. I trust Scar! His builds are always amazing! Good job on getting out of your comfort zone Scar! :)
Check out Cleo they can teach you
Crossbow and TNT are pretty cool cards. I don't know from the top of my head what your rare cards do but all starter-decks are comprised of the same amount of common and rare cards. So you have the same rareness as other hermits.
Scar's almost at 2 million subscribers
Scar, what you've built so far looks amazing! I trust you. I also want to say that I watch for YOU, not how quickly you can mega build. Tbh, I find it hard to connect with others, but I relate to you for some reason and watching your videos/streams helps me feel less alone💜
Whenever you feel it's taking too long to get the castle completed, just remember that it took a charity stream to get Grian to build the back of his mansion. And for what's only a beginning of a castle, it's already 1000% better than anything I would have built. #ITrustScar or as Iskall would say #TrustTheProcess. Can't wait to see the day it's officially finished. Take your time, and make sure to take care of yourself first and foremost no matter what. Much power to you, take care and keep being the awesomeness that is you.
Don't worry about trends! Just enjoy the process and we will too. Looks great so far! Also...i could be wrong, but with the drift at resets, I think the dragon would delete the cave and escape with time? Doc has to constantly recenter his over the flag pole to keep it from going to 0,0 over time.
I trust scar ❤!
we trust you. You could finish next episode, you could finish in 10. I'll keep watching and im assuming most of the other viewers will as well
I wish that one day I could be as hot of a guy as scar is.
Just commenting for ypur support! 😂 You are amazing builder! The castle will be looking great I am sure about it!
Yay! A Scar video always makes my day!
Scarred for life I am! Subscribed a few months ago and you've made a huge difference in me as a person and my positivity. I love the idea of Scarland but I love your positivity and excitement more than anything else! You've left a mark in my heart, and I'll always remember you as one of my favorite YouTubers for the rest of my life, right alongside Markiplier and The Yogscast.
I trust you Scar!
We all trust Scar!
"It's not going to be built in 1 episode" - builds more than i could in 1 month
I trust scar
The thing that is holding the Playing Cards is a reskinned bundle.
I TRUST SCAR ❤❤❤
Ah yes, pokeman ttg
I trust scar. Not even bdubz builds whole castles in an episode lol
#itrustscar
I trust you scar
I trust Scar and his videos give me strength. Scar is so strong and his mindset is amazing. You reach me in my darkest days. I can wait forever as long as you stay healthy. Thank you Scar for just being yourself.
Scar, we don't care how long it takes to make just a single episode. We all care about YOU way more than about episodes, and all of us are going to wait patiently until you are going to be ready <3
I trust Scar, he is an INCREDIBLE builder and makes things that we could only DREAM OF become reality, Can’t wait to see it all finished scar, I know you’ll do an AMAZING job!! Keep it up,!! PS: don’t forget about that sleep schedule!!
I believe in you Scar! I had my jaw dropped from the moment the wall started taking shape! It looks amazing just as it is! I'm looking forward to seeing what else you get done, but please don't feel pressure to get the build done super fast, take all the time you need, your health (physical and mental) is a lot more important! As Gem says "trust the process", I do, and I trust you!
I trust Grian. Are you sure you think my judgement is to be followed? 😂  Scar, don't worry, take your time. 3+ episodes, whatever. Just enjoy the process and don't get burned out!
We all know scar is a chad
I trust Scar!
I trust scar
I trust Scar! 🥰🥰🥰
I've watched the first 8 minutes of the video so far. I wouldn't have minded if that amount of progress was made in 3 episodes!  There's absolutely no need to 'go big or go home', let's rather go with 'feel at home and go as big or small as you want'!
Okay, but has anyone ever pointed out how clean and underrated his transitions are?
This is EXACTLY what it is like to raise a toddler! :).   Love your videos and am glad that you are doing better.  As someone with CP I understand about daily struggles.
I TRUST SCAR. Also who is ready for jellie to be introduced as a card in the future booster packs. Jellie: when used with scar, halves all damage taken. It's a coin flip for every other hermit for 25% damage reduction.
I'm early and here under an hour
I trust scar
#I_trust_scar
You did it! GG Scar. The castle looks amazing :-)
I trust Scar :)
I absolutely trust scar <3
i trust scar
I trust scar !! And that was the dumbest skeleton ever
I trust scar :)
I like when builds take more than one episode. It's really fun seeing the progress over time!!! But most of sll I trust scar :D
I trust Scar ❤
When Scar says "Obviously a lot more work to go" I look at it and I'm like... this is done. How can it be more done??
I trust scar
Your amazing
I Trust Scar
The castle is looking amazing already <3. Trust you to build a wonderful castle!
I trust scar
You're a wonderful inspiration and a wonderful human being.  Keep being you.  Keep being awesome.
Do a draw bridge
I TRUST SCAR!  You are such an awesome person and your videos are so much fun, and ALWAYS put a smile in my face! I send you nothing but Love and Good Vibes to deal with whatever is pulling you down at the moment!
Scar, I will always trust your building process! We love you!
The castle looks spectacular with optifine fog. amazing work!!!!!!!!
i trust scar
I trust scar!
I trust Scar! Great video, man!
I trust Scar <3
I trust scar
Awesome episode. Thanks Scar.🙂
#ITrustScar also Scar for mayor!
I TRUST SCAR!
Awesome castle Scar! Excited to see where you take it next!! There was a super cool castle gate design I used once - take chains and bring them horizontally to the sides of the gate door, then behind that put them vertically going to the top. I even put a third layer of horizontal chains in the back. That kinda makes it look like a metal castle gate
We all trust Scar <3
Remember for every 2k likes we take 6months off scars age 😂
Dude... that looks HUMMMAZZING! Great work!
I TRUST SCAR!!!!!!
I wil never doubt your build skils!      :)
I'm surprised you didn't go for a pearly white castle
so glad to see you uploading again! your videos are always incredible, i’d wait any amount of time for them :) take as long as you need king! i can’t believe how amazing the castle looks - seeing it on the horizon like that really does make you feel like you’re in a theme park
I love the way that the castle gatehouse turned out!
I trust you my guy
Did I hear Jellie in the background around 12:00 XD
I trust you with building an amazing castle Scar. It can take as long as you need, I know it'll turn out great!
I trust scar. Probably one of my fav creators
I trust scar
#itrustscar
18:46 aww, pretty sure i heard jellie in the background there :))
I trust you Scar!   Hope you're okay.
i can see scar doing panda hands when the dragon explosions went off
hmmm... yes the walls are made of walls I trust Scar
Quality takes time! Quality takes patience. And Scar, everything you make is quality. Don't be afraid to take your time. From one artist to another
Great to see you feel up to making video's again Scar. Don't worry. I will wait 20 episodes for this castle to be finished, if you need that time ;)
I trust Scar
I trust Scar
I TRUST SCAR!
when is the next season of the life series
I trust Scar :]
Honestly, I would even prefer if it wouldn't be finished in just one episode. Spread it out through 4 episodes. Or even 10, if nessessary
Scar! You’re back! I’m so happy you’re back
I trust Scar! The castle design is looking absolutely amazing so far, the entire front facade design is gorgeous and so intricate, and the lower layer frames the walls so well. This episode was definitely worth the wait, some thrilling progress and fun shenanigans as always. Puts a smile on my face. Just take care and don't worry about us, you've got this, and we'll be here! :)
Ooh I’m so excited!! I’m so happy you’re back! I want you to take your time and don’t be afraid to change something after you’ve built some. I know you’ll love it in the end! ❤
I've had the same troubles with chicken jockeys, RIP Zomboni.
#Itrustscar Keep up the work
Scar I want you to know that when you called Pokèmon "pokie man" It made my toes curl 😀 never do that again
Ofc we trust you Scar! You bing so much joy to so many people on the Internet it unreal! Don’t stress about posting videos! We want you to be okay and well! Thank you for beging here ❤
wondering what I'm doing with my life as i: "I trust you scar??"
I trust scar
Love ya Scar we trust you you got this
In Scar we trust
I'm always so impressed an inspired by your artistic talent. The entrance to the castle already looks beautiful. I absolutely trust that it'll turn out amazing!
I trust you Scar
I trust Scar :)
you should make a big jelly house in the jungle section maybe
Trust in Scar, I do ❤
Anyone else hear Jellie about 18 mins into the episode :D
I trust scar
I trust Scar. (Mostly because I'm not on hermitcraft)
2mil subs soon, let's go scar!!
I trust scar in scar land
I trust Scar
We trust you Scar! Take as much time as you need!  Now about the TCG, Cleo holds teaching sessions iirc.
i trust you scar!!!
I TRUST YOU SCAR (with the castle building)!!!!
you almost live stream everyday why not upload more often !! whats the difference
i trust scar !
Everything looks great Scar, take your time no rush.
Pokémon Snap! I LOVED that game and I never here it mentioned
I trust scar
scar you can take as long as you need we will be waiting for the castle no matter how long we will need to wait
i fully trust you scar you are one of the best builders i have ever seen and i always take inspiration from your builds
I trust scar
Yea I can see why you haven't posted Ina month... Thanks scar for this amazing content
i love scars little giggles hes so silly
I TRUST YOU SCAR!!!!    OMG this is so big it could have been a mega base itself
I trust scar
appreciating all the quality jellie meows this video
I trust you Scar!
We can always trust Scar to build something mind blowingly amazing and then apologize for it not being enough.  Scar, you are your own worst critic. Cut yourself at least a little slack.
i trust scarr haha
i trust scar
I trust Scar... Wholeheartedly...?
Scar i trust you so much, as much as I believe in you!! I already know that castle is gonna be amazing. How? Because all your builds are! You are the best
take your time , please take care of yourself as well
take your time scar!! excited to see what you end up with, whenever you end up with it :]
Your castle is beautiful.
As always great work on your videos and your builds. I love watching your videos. I love how you play. I wish you good luck on the duel and I can't wait to see the castle finally completed in all its glory and the fireworks launching off it. Keep up the good work. 👍
Scar I was at a lil low today and this really made my day Also take all the time you need with the castle the progress you made in this episode alone is already so ginormous Man you're literally so talented
I trust Scar, with all my heart!
Not only do I trust you Scar, I know you’ll finish this and make the most incredible castle I’ve ever seen. I already love the incorporation of acacia wood into the texturing and can’t wait to see how you further incorporate color into this amazing build!
I trust scar!
I trust scar
Always with you buddy....
I trust Scar!
trust
I trust Scar
12:00 yes yes i hear you jellie
Scar youre castle gate looks SO SO GOOD! it so pretty it actualy made me hold my breath! (Sorry for incorect writing , english isnt my native and i dont know in well)
I trust scar!!!
I trust Scar❤
So far the castle walls look amazing, I'm just excited to be a part of the journey ✊
I TRUST SCAR! Tbh, I enjoy seeing the process and changes on builds over several episodes. I definetly dont expect (and dont want) to see a large mega build being done in 1-2 episodes. Please, continue walking us through the process. I love how your mind works and your creativity!
Not a car alarm going off irl when docs challenge explodes.
wait up, pokimane?
I trust in Scar! Also Scar keep in mind if the castle is over 300 blocks you gotta have a red flashing light on top for the air planes. ;)
Please take your time with episodes scar! Please keep your dragon away from your builds, it will destroy any blocks it touches.
I trust Scar
Does scar play with auto jump on? I feel like that would explain his speed highway issues
I trust Scar
The curved wall of the castle gives it the same stylized look as your custom trees.  It's going to be iconic!  And of course you don't have to build it all in one day.
You really don't have to finish huge builds every episode again. We're watching for you and how you (want to) play Minecraft. So I definitely trust you Scar ❤️
8:31 what fancy F3 Menu is that. Also Scar you're awesome! I think we can all agree we have had "Good Times With Scar"
Yay! More TCG
Ctrl F "I trust Scar" <3
I trust you, Scar! You're a great builder, and you will get through this learning curve!  Plus, taking time instead of rushing can help increase inspiration and allow new and more artistic ideas to form (plus less stress is better). Take your time, friend! :)
#ItrustScar #Dragonbros #Ripmascot #muchlove @GoodTimesWithScar
I trust Scar! You've never disappointed your audience in the past, so why would I ever worry you'd do it in the future?? Nobody is more consistently awesome. Take as much time as you need, your fans love you and we care about your well-being first and foremost, above all else. I am so excited to see the continued progress on Scarland, which is truly shaping up to be one of the most magical build I've ever seen! You're awesome dude, keep it up and take care of yourself 😊
I trust scar :)
It looks AMAZZINGGG!!!!
WELCOME BACK SCAR
i ABSOLUTELY trust you, scar, to build an absolutely gorgeous castle, and i absolutely dont care how many episodes it takes, as long as it's fun :3
I trust Scar. We love your builds and know it will be amazing.
Pokiman
😍😍
I trust scar
The castle already looks amazing. I trust Scar ♥️
Scar you’re insane if you think we’ll leave because you can’t build gigantic gorgeous in one video
I trust Scar
Hiya Scar, I trust in your judgement. Somethings have to be private to your family, and you. I just really miss you when your dealing with what is none of my business. I am like a pesky bird probably, but you matter to me. The Castle beginning is spectacular, and I'm happy it's not done all in one hurry. Thank you! <3 ~respect
Welcome back Scar!! Take care of yourself, we love you!! (I trust you Scar!) THAT CASTLE ENTRANCE IS AMAZING OMG- Edit: "You Monster!!" -Scar 2023 "Doc monster is a savage, with technical skills and crazy vocal acrobatics" -Hermit Gang
I trust you Scar! Congrats on starting the castle.
We trust u Scar :3 you're an excellent builder so this castle is gonna be a piece of cake 👌👌👌
Your motivation fills me with motivation!
When it takes a bit between eps, I'm not impatient, I just miss ya. Hope things are looking up again Scar! You are an incredible inspiration, in every sense of the word, in-game and out. You deserve every bit of good that makes it your way.
It looks really good Scar
Definitely trusting the process because it is looking AMAZING! Take your time! It will come out beautiful as always!
I TRUST SCAR AND HIS PROCESS!
idea for the park: build large words in the sky above various places in the park so they are visible on a map and make a theme park map like at Disney that says where everything is
YESSS! GLAD U GOT OUT OF UR BLOCK AND SUPER excited for the base
Of course #ItrustScar !!!
The castle is looking awesome Scar. I really love that we will see it progress and it’s not just all done in one go. I feel like people can really appreciate the hard work and effort it takes this way.
I trust scar so much that i would write it in three languages that i know!  - I TRUST SCAR (English) - مجھے سکار پر بھروسہ ہے۔ (Urdu) - مینو سکار تے پروسہ اے- (Punjabi)  I am a big fan of your content, me and my cousins all enjoy your videos alot. Thanks for making my quarantine a whole lot better! Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰❤️
I love when we can hear Jellie in the background, just makes me happy for some reason.
The dragon in the cave concept will be hard to execute because the dragon moves and also destroys blocks, so it would destroy the walls of the cave
I trust Scar to do the entertaining and a great builder
For the missing block underneath the Jellie statue, can you use gravity to drop a green concrete powder block into the spot? Not sure if that would mess up the statue but worth a shot
Scar, you are an amazing builder! I can't wait to see what you do for the rest of Scarland.
You got this scar! I belive and I'm sending my energy.
Squealed out loud when I saw this, super yay!  And it doesn't matter how long builds take - we care about you, Scar. <3  And I trust Scar!
i trust scar!! you bring so much happiness and all that matters to us is u!! take care of urself and have fun with the process
We are glad you are back Scar. 😄
i trust ya scar!!! Also personally, i love seeing a big build grow overtime <3   Lastly, I love that the superfast buildmode music is back!!!!  Brings me joy every time!
I truly do trust Scar! Keep up the (or don't if you don't feel like it) work!
Even if it takes 3 episodes we still love watching them don’t feel rushed and glad to have you back, we trust you scar <3
I have never been more excited about a build! Scar you are going above and beyond with your dedication to this massive plan and it has captured my imagination and has been an inspiration! Also, give Jelly a little forehead kiss for me!
It's always worth the wait, Scar! Please take as much time as you need. I trust Scar.
An upload at 1.30 am, guess I'll sleep at 2
I TRUST SCAR!!!
Dont forget the dragon flies constantly around in a massive circle breaking everything in it’s path. AKA: Its not going in a cave and if you hit it, it will gain sentience and destroy the world
The castle is looking absolutely stunning so far! I really enjoyed watching the time-lapse! I trust you Scar! I know you can win that dragon! No doubt! No matter how long it takes, I will wait because you are amazing, and most of all, I want you to make sure to take all the time you need and take care of yourself. Loved the video Scar!
I trust scar
I trust scar
Scar is pulling out every transition scene in his arsenal.  You are such a great builder always an inspiration!
I trust Scar. The castle is going to be a-MUY-zing when it is finished. Every journey begins with a single step. Rome wasn't built in a day. Etc....
12:00 i think Jellie wants to say something too XD
I trust Scar, and am in no hurry whatsoever, so take your time, dude!
i trust scar! :3
I trust Scar
I trust Scar!
We trust scar <3
Doesn’t matter if you need two, five or ten episodes, we trust you Scar ❤
I trust Scar.
I trust Scar! The castle is looking great already. Also I love the background commentary from Jellie. Did you hear Grian compliment your trees?
this was an AMAZIN episode!! and so much of the castle is done!! when you warned that it will not be done in one episode I fully expected a couple of cool towers to start with, but you've already made such a huge an truly beautiful part of it! this made my evening
As always this video was absolutely amazing! Great work on the castle I'm so excited to see your take on Minecraft castles thank you for the fantastic video
I trust scar 💯
I trust Scar!
I trust that Scar will build the most epic castle ever!!!
Holy cow. That is insane for a start of the castle. That is such a great start and I trust your process. Thank you for the amazing episode to make the day perfect!
18:47 THE RARE JELLIE MEOW
Every card in the Hermitcraft TCG is good in its own way. There are so many strategies to use so you will just have to do what you prefer. Every strategy has a strength and weakness so it doesn't matter if a card is good enough.
I will always trust you
i trust scar
Of course we trust Scar! I’ve never seen you build anything that wasn’t beautiful. Hope real life stuff gets better for you soon xx
Take your time with the build! It just means it will be better when its finished!
Great epsidoe! I really like that the castle is happening bit by bit! It's fun to see things happening slowly, honestly! This castle already looks incredible, the finished project is going to be insanely cool!
Scar, this rocks! I actually much prefer seeing a build evolve over 2-3 episodes or even 4 rather than be done all at once. I trust scar!
I trust you Scar!!!!! So glad to see you back!!! :D
In Scar we trust!
No need to ask us to trust you, Scar. We do, always, without a single doubt.
Something i fear is the season isn't gonna last long enough to witness scars builds
I trust Scar!
Scar no mater what you build thank you for the almost 21 minutes of good fun and we trust you can make a great castle please stay safe and i hope you feel better soon
aww, silly goose—you don't need to tell us to trust you. you're genuinely one of the most impressive detail-oriented builders i've ever seen, and i come from a family full of bricklayers. no matter how much you're worried, i'm absolutely sure this castle is going to be absolutely gorgeous.
Not the pokeman 😂😂
Scar, I'm so glad to hear that you're doing better. Don't worry about us and take as much time off as you need! Also, the castle wall looks incredible! Have you thought about putting a Jellie mosaic inside?
I Trust Scar
100% trust you Scar, you take all the time you need and take care of you!
Im belivening in u Scar!😁😉 Take ur time, we will always be here! And subscribe to Scar, so he can get 2 mill  subs!!!!😊😊😊😃😃😃😁😁😁😆😆😆
Scar, we'd watch you build a castle for 20 episodes, we totally trust u scar! Ur amazing <3
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar so much 💓
the cards with stars on the picture are rare
I Trust Scar! <3
And of course, I trust Scar! 😊😊😊
I trust Scar!!! This is only the entrance but it already looks so beautiful ❤️
Scar for Major...  F wrong season  I trust Scar
This is the first time I've seen the like counter go from 1.9k to 2k
That's not a castle, it's a Scastle!!!!  😁
# We always trust you Scar ❤
#WeTrustInScar Scar the castle already looks amazing. Doesnt matter how long it takes, we care about you not your base!
Scar casually saying Pokeman
GET SCAR TO 2 MILL SUBS!!!
I TRUST SCAR
Of course we trust you scar! I cannot wait to see this castle, no matter how long it takes!
I trust Scar, Believe in the power of the Hotguy
Thanks scar we never mind how long main thing is always that you and family are well
Scar, other hermits are taking their time for their builds (Hell False and Gem took their time on their buildings, adding texture to their builds throughout the year, even making changes).  Do take your time, do one section at a time, and you'll do great!  Even the best take their time and multiple episodes on their buildings.
We all trust you scar, take good care of yourself too!
11:55, listening with headphones & you can hear lil jellie meows :D
I trust Jellie!😄 13:25 You should commission Cleo to make Jellie statues on either side of the gate like the lion statues at the entrance to fancy buildings.
I trust scar!!!
I trust scar
I trust scar
I trust scar!!
I trust scar      And scar you said it has been a hard time take as much time off as you need honestly we want you to feel good if you feel bad take time off. Your fans care more about your mental health than you uploading videos to often. ❤️🤜🤛🤟👍
I trust scar
We trust you scar, evrything you make is absolutely a-mazing
🥚  :)
Hey nice ep, you should leave some space with te castle so you can still see the sunset thru the main gate. :)
Awesome video as always Scar! so glad your feeling better and Scarland is looking GOURGEOUSSSSSSSS!
I Was born in 2010
We trust you Scar, and appreciate all the hard work you put into these episodes 😊
You could have a ride that goes into the dragon's cavern using minecarts and rails, like a rollercoaster of sorts
I trust you Scar!
"I was never into Pokimane"  Scar 2023
ok, i havent seen tehe castle yet. im right before the timelapse at 6:37, but im a game developer. and a painter. and attention deficit. things for me take FOREVER. things take TIME. let them take TIME! Trust the process! love you scar, stay healthy. please <3 EDIT: okay, watched the timelapse; to match mroe complementary with the tarnished copper id probably switch the birch with acacia; the yellow feels off and needs more red like it has on the windows. but i love the shapes! my GOODNESS THE SHAPES! and im always a sucker for a complementary color pallete, minecraft's cyan x orange always makes me happy
We all trust and love you, Scar! You do not have to worry about getting things done faster than you want ❤
I trust scar! :)
I am so hyped for the castle 🏰 !!!
Another AMAZING episode Scar. The castle walls are looking great. It’s going to be so magestic and we trust you Scar 💜
I trust scar, you got this!
Heck yeah Scar, this is gonna be amazing~ I trust Scar uwu
I trust scar.
I trust scar
In Scar we trust :)
I trust scar!!! (Please take your time we understand! Take as much time you need to!)
I trust scar, also excellent video as always scar
i thrust scar
Scarasle
Scar, you're not helping you feeling young by pronouncing Pokemon as "Pokeymans"  -An adult born in 2004
The whole clip of 11:58 Jellie did not sound happy in the background 😂
Scarland castle? More like the cascarstle :)
6:31 please scar take all the time you need. Honestly if you posted once a year we would still be here. Don't pressure yourself to do this if you're really not sure about it.
scar getting a mostly terraforming deck from the start 😂
Scar, take all the time you need. I did not expect that castle to be finished in 1 episode at all! I trust you Scar, and you've got this!! :)
In Scar we trust!!!
Hi scar
Does anyone else see a Mumbo moustache when he looks at the bridge?
I trust you can build the castle, Scar! I'm really looking forward to seeing it take shape! :)
#ITrustScar
Seeing scar upload brings a smile on my face.
I TRUST SCAR !!!
I! Trust! Scar!
THE RETURN OF THE KING! Don't worry Scar we trust you, that Scarland castle is going to look so so so beautiful <3
I trust Scar. Take your time and take care of you!
I always trust scar I mean who wouldnt
I trust scar
I trust Scar!
I trust Scar :3
Great video !
amazing castle truly inspiring!!
love you scar!! great episode <3
I TRUST SCAR!! no matter how much time it takes, you make everything look so amazing once its done!!!
I am crying Scar is out of this world for doing this A ALIAN I'm telling you this is the most amazing thing I have ever seen and I'm so looking forward to how the Castle will turn out this is amazing and I can't believe you did this in this little time DO YOU EVER SLEEP? So much work put into this you can't not like this  #Scaristhebest
❤️❤️
Scar keep the bridge I love it
I Trust You Scar!!! ❤
Yay, good job sxar
I Trust Scar !You can take as long as you need to build the Scarland Castle of Magic And Wonder..We are just so glad to see you back..🤗🤗🤗🏗️
Take all the time you need 1 episode 100 episodes we don't care really your health comes first and we'll always trust you  Happy building 💃💃
Scar is not into pokimane.
scar i trust you
trust u all the way ;)
I ALWAYS trust Scar!
I trust scar
WELCOME BACK SCAR!!!
WOAH!!!!! amazing castle, even if its not done- take your time!!
Super fast build mode is just.....    Makes me feel better and then I have to replay it for the people in the back. Thank you , Scar!!!
I actually DO trust you Scar. Love the work you're doing, it's such an inspiration for my own WDW MK build!
Proud of you scar. I know this was a very difficult episode to produce, cant imagine how hard it must of been. You pushed through like an absolute trooper. <3 Amazing work
I TRUST SCARRRR!!! LESSGOOO
Scar, you take as much time as you want, thank you for being here for us, we are here for you
even if unfinished, seeing the progress you make is already so intriguing!
i trust Scar!!
Every time you fly into Scarland I can’t help but have a smile on my face. It brings me so much joy to see and I can’t explain it. It’s the goofy smile I have at Disney. It just is the happiest place 🥰🥰
I trust scar
Scar the type of dude to ask you to like the video and you actually do.
I feel like Scar would be the best person for Lego Star Wars, because it combines the building and theming
We love you Scar ! Take as much time as you need, we love you no matter what !!!
Hey scar i love the park, have a good day
I trust Scar 👊
This was the top result when I searched 'Sus Hermitcraft'.
I tust scar, forever anf always!
in scar we trust?
I trust you Scar, You always make amazing builds!
I know you will do great scar
Just love scar vids keep it up
Im happy u make video's im in tye hospital and this keeps me happy
I trust scar 💜
Scar, we will always support you, no matter how long it takes. Also, Scar says that something is unfinished, yet it still looks better than what I can make.
2:27 MCC champ. Right here.
The castle is looking so amazing!!! I love how spiky it looks :D also watching you fly through the trolley every time was so fun, I love the trolleys!!
I trust scar
Im so glad you are feeling better Scar! always remember that you are our first priority, and we always want you to be ok! Mental blocks, fear of finishing the back, medical issues, we are happy to wait, no matter how long! <3 we love you scar and jellie and we are NOT IMMUNE TO THE GOOD TIMES!!!!
Watching your videos with my six year old (who is newly into Minecraft).  He says about building the castle:  "You can do it Scar!".
Scar you are the most talented builder I know, perfection takes time.
Take your time, no matter what your builds are always jawdropping!
You got this. We trust you. We love watching the process
Here's an idea for the bridge make it a drawbridge
I Trust Scar!!
This video made my day. Thank you Scar ❤
I trust Scar
"This won't be that good"  Proceeds to build something almost none of us commenters could begin to imagine, yet alone build.
We trust you Scar!
Thanks for the new episode, Scar. I like it. And I also trust you.
BEHOLD! THE SCASTLE!
I trust Scar! I'm more happy to see a big build like that build over more time, that way we can see a bunch of details and it builds up anticipation for when it'll be done! It looks so good already, I am here for the ride and to see where you will take this ! :DD
I trust scar!!!!!
hopefully the super fast speedway will be put underground when it reaches the shopping district, it would suck to ruin your and impulse shop
i wake up search goodtimes with scar and new video 13 minutes ago omgg
I trust scar
scar having a pet dragon is the most scariest thing on hermitcraft
I trust you, Scar! This castle is going to look amazing when it’s finished.
I trust scar
can’t watch yet because i’m at work, but i know this is going to be an AMAZING episode. the work you put into your videos is incredible, scar. there should never be any rush to get them out as you know we’re all okay waiting on the good times!
scar's reaction to Doc's dragon explosions 😭😭
I Trust Scar! Have you played the Hermit TCG yet? Edit: Okay I am officially confused, why do you say Pokeyman? It's pronounced Po-Kay-Mon. (Pokémon) It has been pronounced that in the Anime for decades!
Scar, we don't care at all how long you take to make a new video, we support you taking your time, never be sorry for taking too long, we all understand completely, and want you to get better. I love you Scar, and I have missed you, I'm glad you're back!
Scar. Scar of course we trust you! ITS LOOKING AMAZING!!!!!! Also glad to hear youre doing a bit better <3
You should be able to avoid traps next time if you take the book out of the lecturn
it looks so good omg
I trust scar. This is going to be amAzin' man.
I’m glad ur back 🎉
I will always trust Scar
I trust you Scar!
I trust you, Scar! Glad to hear you're happy to be back!
The card pack is a bundle I think.
I trust Scar! It takes a lot of courage to try a new type of build, especially such a big one, but I know that whatever you make is gonna be AMAZING!
I trust Scar ❤
I will trust scar Forever
I Trust Scar 😊 It's Already looking Fantastic! Love the stained glass decor...  It's ALL gonna-be-AmAzInG!
I see Disneyland
9:35 hmmm yes the wall here is made out of wall
Scar I trust you, but please know that even if it will take you 5 episodes or more, it doesn't matter!! Take all the time you need and it's already looking great :)) <3 take care of yourself before anything else
I think Scar is the only person on this planet who when feeling threatened shouts "LANDSCAPING!"... Please never change, Scar. We love you!
We trust you scar❤
I dunno why anyone wouldn't trust scar....has he ever failed to amaze anyone?
Don't we all trust scar!!
hello scar!! i'm so happy to see you back on Hermitcraft! Thank you so much for all the handwork you do for us  and I trust scar with Scarland looking amazing ❤🥰😍
Welcome back 💜
Scar so glad you are back!!!❤❤❤❤❤#itrustscar
scar, scarland is looking amazing! it doesnt matter how long it takes look after yourself,
I trust scar
Bold of you to assume we would’t trust you with the building process. It looks amazing already. Glad to see you back! :)
I trust you scar! Trust the process builds take time to flow and develop. It takes what it takes
AaaaaaAAAAAA THIS IS AMAZING
I trust Scar
Always happy to hear your personal experiences. Much love!  Also, you can fix the gap in front of your statue with an armor stand of the green block 😁
Welcome back! Take all the time you need! Better a healthy and happy Scar than one more video!
welcome back :D
I trust scar.
<3 so glad to see you back!!
I trust scar
I trust you scar
I trust Scar! (but i won't trust him for directions 😅)
I TRUST SCAR!!!! lol
The trust is with you
I trust hotguy 😁
I TRUST SCAR
Yess
Definitely trust you scar. Love your builds and videos, take all the time you need to do the things you love
We trust you scar!
Every time i watch your videos i just have to smile the entire way thru. Thank you spreading this much positivity on the internet! EDIT: I trust Scar!
I trust Scar
I do trust scar
Don’t worry scar I trust you
I TRUST SCAR
I trust scar 🙏
I trust you Scar !! Take as much time as you need on builds
Ofcourse we trust you!
These early commenters, always fail to disappoint us with these kinds of comments. But anyways, the castle looks amazing just from the thumbnail
congrats on your dub bossman (also it doesnt matter how long it takes we all love you ❤)
We all trust scar's castle
I absolutely trust scar. Not in a among Us game though xD
Of course I trust scar
I trust scar
One thing that never changes is the intro and timelapse music
I am sick, and now that you uploaded, I feel much better! Just a random request, but can you add a hidden potato somewhere?
Scar, no matter how long it takes, we don't care. All we care about is you. Thank you for giving us so much positivity. I trust Scar ❤️
I trust Scar.
TupHart
I trust scar
I trust scar❤
I trust scar!!!
Well done Scar, the castle already looks fantastic!!!
100% trusting Scar.
It looks so cool already! Seeing it come together episode by episode will let us appreciate every part of it even more so take your time :) I know it'll look wonderful at the end!!
I trust Scar. If Scarland was real I’d get a season pass. It looks so good 😊
almost 2 mil
Glad you're feeling better. Sorry about the scam wheel chair. Looking amazing, yet again Scar.
Scar, you're so close to 2 million subscribers! Can't wait to see it
Wow! You truly never cease to amaze me with your content! Keep the good work up ;D but remember to take enough breaks. To cuddle Jellie of course!
2:32 I like that the first thing Scar was worried about was he's landscaping 🤣
Scar? Yeah we LOVE that guy, he's one HotGuy
Even the thumbnail has knocked me for six! amazing!!
Perfectly timed with my lunch break 😊 Hope you're having a nice day Scar
beauuutiiifffullll
YAAAAY new hermit craft videos! i know everyone needs a break but i missed you scar! :) All hail Hot Guy!  Also: I trust Scar!
It’s always good to see you feeling Better Scar! Castle Phobia, mental blocks, nothing ever seems to drag you down. Don’t forget to become scarrrred for life💙
YAY
Glad to see you back
oh yeah, i almost forgot about the duel for the dragon 😅.
grian should make his soal sand road undergraund
A good day when the good times man uploads
Ride idea: Something similar to ‘It’s a small world’ but instead of different countries it goes through all of the different empires! 🎢
At last the long awaited duel
I'm really sick right now so today is the perfect day for a scar upload!!
time to drop everything im doing and watch this
grate to have you back, i missed you so much
Scarland just keeps getting better and better, I really love your vision for it
Beautiful work Scar!
Scar🤠
I’m glad you’re feeling better Scar we love you and your worth waiting for 😊
😏
Scar!!!!!
Amazing why don’t you make a under ground sub way in scar land for the park and. It can change themes of the  subway on what place there are
Mumbo chat in pearl's video and then the man the legend SCAR uploading :D my day couldn't be much better. धन्यवाद् from india <3
oh epic new scar video I've been waiting for this for the castle for weeks
Scarland Castle: Original, fresh, and very Scar-like. 👏
Hi scar!
Omg omg omg omg omg!!!! My Swarland merch came and scar I am so happy!!!!!!
castle hype castle hype castle hype! <3 I trust Scar!!
I just love your dedication and hard work despite all the obstacles you are facing ❤️
Waww!! We could build a casstle on the survival world of our channel too!!!
Vote scar for tumblr sexyman
Yay! Glad you are feeling better scar
first lovejoy releases a song, then scar wins the hardest MCYT seximan round and now he releases video! best day!
251st Like
Love ya Scar, I wish you all the positivity you give to us ❤
SCAR VID! I hope you're having a great day scar, keep it up!
Scar, no matter how long it takes, we don't care. We care about you. Thank you for being here for us
I am number 113 viewed
a double W for the goodtimes community today, you love to see it
WOWWW
He's back ❤️
SCAR!!A
Everyone trying to get first comment.
ohh baby a scar video!!!
This is amazing
Hey scar ❤ thanks for the episode
Hello
hello scar im so glad you can keep goin on with this career we all love your vids
SCARS BACK!!!!!!
SCARRRRRR
Yooooo
Hugs for scar 💜💜🤗🤗
Scar! <3
Nailed it dude!
That’s more than one block on the thumbnail scar
Oh hey i am very early today
Name it hotopia!!!
Hello all you wonderful people! Wanted to tell you all that you are valid and you matter. And reminder to do some selfcare if you haven’t done so already.
hey
thaaank you scar
<3
First
Scar never disappoints us
Almost to 2 million subs!
Hello Scar!!
SCARRR!!!!
hello!
Nice!
Today's fact: The space before certain punctuation mark in the French language (Je déteste être en ligne) is the only feminine space in the language, the rest of the spaces are masculine.
OMG that thing is amazing.
I trust Scar
Hey Scar, not sure how I'm seeing this video, but according to my buddies that watch you too, its not showing up.
