freddy was right
i like how the animation changes to different animations
5:05 5:06 Poor george
i dare you to pin this
Tubbo got replaced 😂
Aged poorly in retrospect
Bruh, literally the thumbnail has the artwork of theodd1sout.
Is that bartender xqc
looks like.. brysons
umm im watching thois to late, my girlfreind bnroke up with me, waaaaaaaaaa
ITS A A A... HAMINATIONS THING YEAH!
LUMPY TOUCH HELPS TOMMY INNIT??  my view of the world shall never be the same
i love how i can tell exactly who animated each scene
did haminations draw the animation cause the art looks familiar
ICE CREAM SANDWICH HUUUUGE FAN
Very good joke at 3:55
hes voice is soo funny i like this guy
is that odd1sout
he kidnapped every animator just to make this
Ur in British Ireland known as tea ireland
I love how I can tell who animated some of these just by the art style, Theodd1sout and haminations are classics, and crumb and ice cream sandwich are just too iconic
Wait he’s taking credit from the video while the animators do most of the work
I live in Belfast
Freddie just likes your gf or you :D
haminations reference
1:42 that aged like milk
Where is Brodyanimation 😭
same guy who made a video saying the f-word in a "kids only mc server"
bro he payed people to animat
love the sadist part
1:22 did icecreamsandwich did this part because I watched his videos and it look same
0:42 Technoblade
Bryson or hamanation animation
jacksepticeye.
How dare you Judge the food here
7:09 you’re very welcome
☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️😤☠️☠️☠️☠️👻
2 yrs later... u2 broke up
freddie was onto something..
4:29 the best part of the video
I love the old style haminations animation lol
You so much please tell blouse😂😂😂😂😂
4:34 George and dream are married?!
This aged well...
i recognise EVERY style of animation love it, ALSO YOU GUYS ARE EVIL BUT I LOVE IT
The Irish still punish the British for stealing the North
What the fu**
1:42   Hmm.. how wild.
I recognised every single animation type
2:33 who animated this one?
TOMMYINNIT AND HAMINATIONS?? THIS IS THE COLLAB WE NEVER THOUGHT ABOUT
Do more of these
freddie was a good man, he knew what was coming, and thats why you trust your day 1s chat/
But she didn’t meet George not found! Just before going off to meet his husband- What does that mean XD
1:45.... that aged well-
I love that all the animation guys just as a team goes like (icecream sandwich “alr guys lock in” haminations “we have to work together with this one” theoddsonesout “hey im here too ya know”
Freddy is a fortune teller fr
0:01 hamination
I love that u can see everybody’s art style in different sections
2:00 ice cream sandwichs animation is the most funny thing ive seen
its funny how u can see all of the animators artstyle in this video
I love the different styles
3:25  that is brother behavior
I KNEW BRYSON WAS ONE OF THE ANIMATORS WHEN I SAW THIS
BRO WHEN I SAW THE FIRST ARTSTYLE  I INSTANTLY KNEW IT WAS BRYSON'S HAHSHEHHWJEHHSJSBBD
I was just about to say Bryson ahh animation (Bryson is haminations if you didn't know)
I KNEW BRYSON DID THIS
1:44 oof
So many art styles
Awhhhh this vid is so so nostalgic :( I miss when everything was just normal and they all were friends
Nah haminations helped him🙂
The only animation style I recognized was TheOdd1sOut
6:47 jacksepticeye omg
6:46 as an IrishMan, that accent is WAY TOO STRONG
It seems like Freddie was correct
Tom which football team do u support
Didn't even need to look at the animator list to know the pixel art was Lumpy
3:10 she could've just told you what she wanted
i was gonna ask why it looks so much like haminations but then i saw his comment
5 minutes 8s george 😂😂😂
I love haminations videos
i noticed the switch of animations [:
How many nations worth with you? I always want to ask him if I could be in the video with him cause I also have a YouTube channel and I have a lot of funny stories, but I was too shy and I was scared at this time and I was kind of scared of people and I’m still now because you might know whyand I was a big fan of examinations and also your artwork is just like combinations. I can’t even tell the difference. I really think it’s cool. I’m not very good at animating or drawing so good job.
5:47 ballz.
I’ll just listen to the advice that Brody animates gives
Can’t tell the difference between you and Ryan trayhan
I love the fact that every like 30 secs to a min it’s switches animation stiles like brysons swoshes and jameses
BRUH you kissed in front of him.
Looks like haminations ngl
wilbur part aged well
I genuinely did not know what that Irish man said to me. "THASJUSTWHAIDONKNOWWHATCHACANOPREDICANIGETCHABURGETHEREFLAAUGHKNOWSNOTFERTER58ELONWHATEVERYOUWANTNOW"
1:56 that aged well
burbger
Bro fell off
Yooooo you got icecreamsandwich haminations the odd1sout AND infamous swoosh 😮
For some reason i thought in the thumbnail that was alex and steve 💀💀💀
1:24 oh hey i live near there
My ahh immediately screamed “HAMINATIONS ARTSTYLE WOOOO” my mom looked at me
Ddrreeaaaaammmmmm Ffffrrrriiiiieeeeennnnddd Ooooohhh yyyeeeaaahh
The only animations that I didn’t know were Hammon nation’s drawings and the odd ones out drawings
I love that the comedy is adapted to the comedy of the animators
What app did you use to animate?
I - I actually quite surprise
Ham did the best
I like how the animation changes
Whats that face😂😂😂😂😂😂???? 5:53
WHEN I saw the thumbnail, i knew it was james' work When I saw the video I knew it was Bryson's work
Oh wait im 2 years late lol
This a def haminations animation i k ow kt too well
The animations changed alot lol
Tommy seriously called Dream George's husband??????? ❤❤😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
2:42 green herobrine
1:48 Jinxed it
Why did bryson do it so good in the start
A lot of things in this video aged like milk
HAM BRO U GUYS NEED TO DO THIS AGAIN
Bro where is jaiden
AMERICANS DATE THEIR SIBLINGS?!?!??
GEORGE FACE  SO FUNNY   5:06
jj😂
This kinda looks like it is animated by haminations 😓
“EVERYWHERE was closed on a SATURDAY” is the most belfast thing I have ever heard    please help 🙏
its illegal to date your sister in the USA to Mr Tom Simons
You look like Brycen’s (it’s auto correct so I’m going with it) you look like Brycen’s long lost twin 😂
seeing all my favourite animators drawing style combined into one video is so neat.
I loved the cuptoast part
Imagine having a girlfriend such a simp move -techno
Seeing And Hearing Jack Was A Huge Surprise!
i knew it haminations was one of the animators no wonder why i felt like it's his vibe of animation and the thambnuil i think it was theodd1sout
Jesus christ the haminations style at the start
I just realised the animation styles were changing like every minute
3:35 that did not age well
3:24 Well this aged badly
The second I saw the animation style I’m like “that’s haminations isn’t it”
2:11 our good friend badlinu was sadly right😞
NAH bro is officially haminations
The way you can tell when it’s a new animator
3:22 oh dear..
The animeshin looks like swosh, Brody animates and haminashen and the odd ones out 😂
Wow this was amazing!!!
We’re have u been hams
Wait... LUMPY TOUCH????
4:00 it’s still illegal in america… not even in Alabama can you date a sibling
3:18
Well this hasn't aged well
TOMMY WE NEED MORE ANIMATIONS
Should we give Bryson all the credit because it looks like he was the one that animated everything and you were just the person that voice acted this snow
So we have haminations, swoosh, icecream sandwich, some pixelated style idk of, another one i dont know of but is very pwetty, odd1out, another one idk of that sorta reminds me of ramshackle, another one, another one, and another last one
FREDDY WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG😅
I LOVE YOU TOMMY❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
6:46 JACKSEPTICEYE?!?!?
Jacksepticeye being the bartender😂
Bro changed animations like 20 times
Theodd1sout made the thumbnail and Haminations and his team made the animation itself I bet
DID THE ODD ONES MAKE THE THUM NAIL , DID HAMANATION  EDIT
3:22 this aged well....
1:44 guess he was right...
4:31 does anybody know the background music to this?
HOW MANY ANIMATIONS DID YOU DO
Omg😊😊
They fact that I could name just about all the animators styles is...pretty cool 😎
4:05 ITS ONLY LEGAL ALABAMA!!!!!!!!!
FREDDY CALLED IT
Freddy F you
I KNEW THIS STYLE LOOKED LIKE A STYLE I'VE SEEN BE4
I like how all the artstyles are recognizable
Amazing, Gordon Ramsay would approve 👏🎉
5:53 😂😂😂
6:21 unlike most  human    MOST  HUMANS MOST  HUMANS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-O　ﾟ　ﾟ ( Д 　)!!ヽ(ﾟдﾟヽ)(ﾉﾟдﾟ)ﾉ!!!!( ; ﾛ)ﾟ ﾟ!!(⊃ Д)⊃≡ﾟ ﾟ((( ；ﾟДﾟ)))(^^;!!ヽ(ﾟдﾟヽ)(ﾉﾟдﾟ)ﾉ!!
im in brriton
I could instantly tell that haminations animated the first part
This is giving. Hamanations…
Can anyone help me who animate the part where tommyininit pranked george?
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS AT THE START
1:42  did you go to chad Park
I live in Ireland 6:28
tommy took all of the peak animators and just made them work together
Bro why does this literally look like haminations
Am I the first one to say that the animated virshon looks like hamonations stile 😅
0:39 just realized, techno played figure in the background
bro became haminations 2.0
This looks like it's animated by hamanition to me
Well i guess freddy was right
kastlebar
I think i know exactly who animated every part of the video (your animated character keeps changing)
0:58 “There is a woman on his spot on the couch” he’s going insane inside
Why are you sitting like that? I don’t like that. I feel very uncomfortable just by looking at it.
Opened the tab on accident and the video auto-played and I got jump scared ToT
18:54
You are a fresh copycat of recent animations art style but you’re kind of funny but you’re not as funny as Bryson singing I thought this was a Bryson Bryson Bryson video but no
Woah hamination animation alongside icesweem and swoosh
1. Haminations 2. Infamous Swoosh 3. Ice Cream Sandwich 4 & 5. ? 6. TheOdd1sOut 7, 8 & 9. ?
The thumbnail looked like odd1sout made it
He's copying the animation of HamANations
I’m from Belfast
SHOUT OUT HAMINATIONS
This aged terribly
This hits different after knowing that they did break up lmao. Freddy predicted that shit dang.
Bro changes between different youtuber’s drawing styles more often than radx uploads
2:27 freddy fazbear
4:45 the way hoe George grabs Tommy and like you have a sister
3:55 theodd1sout animation
THE Irony is the thing frandy said become real
Im from ireland tommy 😢😢😢
It's nice that u used a few different art or in this case animation styles!
4:29 Omg, I love Georges feral looking animation😂 and how Tommy said George was going to leave to go to Florida to be with his 'husband' *wheeze* Not even boyfriend! Skipping right to husband🤣🫠
I could totally see Jack saying that
sad ist the one who hog hunt omg
6:17 im from fucking belfast
5:59 im from Ireland
Not tomorrow shipping dream not found😂😂
Knock off Haminations Style
Well.. Freddy's kinda right
Well he wasn’t wrong
Bro had 100 style in his video😂
5:05
3:23 Oh boy… This aged well
Freddy's prophecy came true 1:46
the way it changed to Hamilton to swoosh so fast is kinda scary
When he said tubbo, I said “Tubbo!uh oh!” 😭
4:34 go be with his husband 😂😂😂😂😂
Im newest comment but not for long
I’m recognizing like every animator lmao
Why does tommy and bryson look the same animated.
I NEW HAMINATIONS WAS THE STYLE OFBTHE START
i love this vid and tommy dosint like kids :D
1:42 This did not age well😅
BRO EVERY SINGLE YOUTUBE ANIMATION LOOKS LIKE THE SAME DRAWER
i don’t like how he looked a bit sarcastic at the end because i live in Ireland 🇮🇪 😑
Did odd one out help too
I surrounded myself completely in idiots! I did a play and it was lion king last night and the I’m surrounded by idiots idk how to word this
0:38 TECHNOBLADEEEE
4:35 To be with his husband. I was dying from laughter😂😂
you can get teached ho to be a good bf by my bf he is the best bro he changed her dc name to i love my girlfriend to much
Is Tommyinnt created the f*cking cartoon?! Wow that's amazing pog.
Did James do that thumbnail
Feels familiar…
looks like haminations
You have 999+ from haminations and odd ones out swoosh and ice cream sandwiche
I knew it, I knew it was brysons art style, I’m 20 seconds in and I saw brysons comment, and I knew within the first 10 seconds.
This awesome 🤩
2:42 there's a Herobrine 😱
funny thing is that every parts of the video the animation changes to another animator style
ok now odd1sout
4:07 it’s also illegal in Amarica
SWOOSH??? HAMINTATIONS??? ODD1NESOUT ??? AND THE SANDWICH GUY??? (I think sandwich not to be mean) 0:30
Hamintaions is the animator 0:15
2:49 lumpy worked with u?
Man really got the SpongeBob nasty patty 😭
There are so many different animation styles with this
How dare you about Ireland? Ireland is amazing country Britain is grey
6:28 funfact about me and my family: .......were Irish we live IN IRELAND AI LAD
Crumb is here!!!!(:
2:42 I see someone🤔
I love that the feem changes
SO MANY ANIMATION STYLES THAT I KNOW OF OMG
Did haminations animat this???
This hits different now. Bros before hos.
4:35 George Is gay?
Freddie predicted it.
Northern ireland not  just IRELAND
Animators???
Your literally literally 1 year old and your literally have a############
I can tell hamanations did the first part.. at bike ride that was lumpytouch for sure.
5:46 the way he said that scratches me brain for some reason
6:46 JACK ME BOY!
🩷🩵🤍❣️💖❤️💙🤎💕💘🧡💜💝💛🖤💓💚🩶💗🎉
YOO! LUMPY IS EVEN IN THIS! 😂😂😂 MY MAN!
Why dose this look every single animator i know style
3:22  is that crumb?!
hi haminations, also tommy could you make some more of these? they’re really good
Their links are not in the description 😭
dude i love how the animation style changes. at the beginning its haminations then its infamousswoosh and the it went ice cream sandwich. thats very creative
As soon as I saw this I noticed that Bryson made some of it
Bro, you literally told every animator in the world artwork
Bro, this is literally how many artwork you literally stole it
Hmm this animation looks familer haminations???
I literally came in and went did I click the wrong video
Okay I also want a girlfriend but there's none so I thought I have to wait like 16 years because like like 9 years old and third grade 0:46
Wow that word sexy next to haminations
Alll the different art styles r so funny 😂
3:22 that aged well
"BY IDIOTS" 😂😂😂 0:38  "until my friend: FREDDY" me: freddy fazbear? 1:32
The second it got to 2 seconds I knew it was Bryson working with him.
Haminations👋
Am I the only one who thought George's *husband* was Dream??? Idk if he is or not
At the store, I knew it was from Bryson cause I just love him so much not in the weird way😊
I KNEW BRYSON HELPED
Really good animation.  It was pretty funny.
In the first two minutes, I instantly knew Bryson, icecreamsandwhich and swoosh helped with this😂
well this aged well!..
Belfast is Northern Ireland which is British that is why the burger tasted bad it was British essentially
Wowza!
Haminations and infamous swoosh are in my top three favourite animators the other one is brodyanimates i am sad that he wasn't a part of this amazing video
Very funny
Why dose this look hammnatios
4:09 “my American friends might not understand this”  That phrase triggers me so much that I am inclined to tell you that that’s only legal in the state of Alabama, (which I do not take residence in)
God this entire video aged like milk
3:59 James did this part
Bro got animated by every yt
i noticed the art style changed between each of the animators art styles
0:13 Peanuts reference goes hard🔥🔥
2:43 is that herobrine
SHdajhasdksbaFZjh Husnad (I might be stoopid abt it bot idk
first and last day to ireland
this is like an animation but a blending of all the animation styles
Tommy was it a holiday weekend may I ask..
0:37 this didn't age well...
I live in Ireland and this is so true😂
I can clearly see each different animator’s style and it’s so cool
I thought he was bi
George is gay?????
4:01 in American it’s illegal too
4:03 its illegal in to date your sibling in America...
(1:42) Freddy definitely looked up that statistic just for this meet 😂
They broke up now 💔💔
The animation looked like hams animation when I saw haminations comment my min was blown
the guy in the icecreamsandwich part who was talking about break ups fr wanted to break them up to get tommys girl
3:57 THEODD1SOUT MENTIONED!!!
Maybe the wilbur beating tommy was a call for help
4:33 "To go be with his husband" NAH THATS WILD 😭😭
1:42 foreshadowing
4:30 The- DNF Part-
I love how he kept changing threw animation to animation
"TIME TO COPY HAMINATIONS" looking ahh. though maybe Haminations did animate it
Omfg so many people animated this :0 I recognize EVERY. SINGLE. ART STYLE.
Hey look British Bryson
Im subscribed all ready
JACKCEPTICEYE?? YOU BROUGHT HIM BACK???
Great advice tommy
wacthing this after break up 😎
Yeah Tom as Irish person that’s last but makes sense you went to north Ireland 🇮🇪  you should’ve went to normal Ireland
4:32 I KNEW IT🤯🤯🤯
1:43 they broke up btw
British Haminations
dang bro copied haminations and theodd1sout
1:50 freddie preddictions
I don’t like Tommyinnt he’s too annoying and I don’t like British people except for game theory I like him
John 3:16
Bro i am so sorry for the way ireland has presented itself to u but its just how it is BUT  ireland has some good stuff too like beaches or feilds
1:29 This reminds me of ice cream sandwich dont know if he animated it tho
The second I saw this style I thought haminations without seeing the comments
whos in 2025 btw i have a girlfriend
Bro I Got Offended Because IRELAND IS THE BEST
3:19 Honestly, I think they forget the kind of relationship they had,Don't look for even the smallest thing to start another problem,They would literally be drowning in a glass of water.
YAMINATIONS IS THE ONE THAT ANIMATED IT not complaining I got gf from it sooooooooo I'm not complaining 😊
I mean Freddy was right
icecream sandwich COOKED
This is haminations right? Like the animator.
Dude worked with sadist aka a  fucking legend!!!!
I knew that Haminations helped!
Haminations had some fun
I would not let my girlfriend near Wilber after the allegations
I LIVE IN IRLAND OMG O,G OMG
Lumpy has arrived
Lumpy
The soundboard predicted it all 💀
Nice
OMG THE ODDONESOUT AND TOMMY IN ONE
Bro it’s like it switches from every animator on YouTube😂
When you visited Ireland you should’ve stayed with my bestie :) also that was a great impression of the pub owner 😂
It literally took a team of YouTubers to animate this that just shows how many friends tommyinit has
Step 2, learn to draw and make animations yourself
Did you know hat he got mad a danTDM for saving sheep because he claims that Dan is saving the sheep for views😡🤬
Lol dream and Goerge 😂
1:58  and then it was true
I think brison would love to be your friend you 2 have same humor.😊
Bro definitely gets pegged
I knew it was haminations
I recognized the Haminations immediately 😂
I LOVE THE ANIMATION STYLE FROM HAMINATIONS
2:13 well this aged well
Your animation skills look like many other animators
That whole wilbur section aged like fine wine (aka horribly bcuz i hate wine)
I was literally about to comment haminations in a nutshell and i saw haminations in the comment
So many dif styles
Its haminations art style from the start
The animation switch is fire!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥💯
it really sucks to be your fan dummy get a life your voice sucks trust me delete your account
I LOVE HAMATIONS, ICECREAM SANDWICH, INFAMOUS, AND ODD1S
well this aged...porly
Tommyinnit: yo Bryson it was really nice to animate for me   Bryson: yeah no problem                                                                                                                                                                                    TheOdds1Out: guys… guys!.. GUYS-
2:04 well I guess Freddie was right😭
This video aged well
i love that i could recognize each animators art style
Why thedrawings is kinda like infoumas swoosh
This part of the vid was made by lump dump 2:44
odds1out thumbnail?
This is hilarious.
Music 🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 4:35
5:06 LOL HIS FACE 😭
*cutely changes style every time*
6:37 having sad-ist do one is ICONIC. literally they did sooo well on the dsmp animations.
3:23 👀
the haminations dancs
damn andy (Ice Cream Sandwich) as a sigma male is crazy
I guess Eddie was right.
Why did this video help me get a girl💀💀💀 And her name is Em💀💀
this aged poorly but i just feel bad
0:31 LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO
I like how just every animator is here😂
Dude I like how the animation keeps changing.
3:20 about that
I mean Freddie was right…
i guess freddy was right
Man I’m from Belfast and I completely agree
1:11 Tubbo mines the floor
I guess Freddie was right 🤷‍♀️
The context watching this now: 👁👄👁(they broke up)
They Broke up in 2024
Haminations!!!!!🌟
And all my friends wonder why I don't have a gf
comedy awkward story
you change with animation
I knew the first part was by ham just by the style
I can tell this was made with such different styles
0:31 the cars in arcade racing games waiting to be picked:
I know haminations animation when i see it
Well it didn't age well
Bye bye to tommys gf
I could tell who's animation is who's cause I watch almost all of them
6:47 jackscepticeye 😅😂
watching this now is actually interesting
Don’t worry Wilber won’t bit. Oh, sorry he will
He actually got a girlfriend very very surprising
It's sad that this didn't age well
Im not surprised Hamination was apart of it with that starting.
As an southern Irish, Over 64,000 people leave ireland due to its horrible weathers and constant storms thru the year     don't came back tom, its not safe
This didn’t age well
OMGGGGG ALL MY FAVORITES IN ONE VIDDDD❤️❤️❤️
“WHERE MY HUG AT”ahhhh first scene
6:13 never come to Ireland for good weather 😂😂😂😂, deppressing weather everywhere.
SO MANY YOUTUBERS HELPED!?!?!?!?!?!? 🥹🥹🥹
YIPPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE😂😂😂
Brysoninit
Wait georgenotfound is gay!?
the Jacksepticeye part 😭
HAMINATIONSSSSSSSSS BY BELOVEEEEEDDDDDDDDD  THEODD1SOUTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dawg the george gaslighting one msde me burst out laughing
Wilbur kinda looking like Jon Arbuckle in that animation.
Not anymore 2025
:(
3:24 that aged poorly…
i love how huge the artstyle differences are😂
0:30 lol (tbh i only know ice cream sandwich and theodd1sout)
Freddie defiantly called this
copy right brody amiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinats
This is his first time ever doing an animation, and he already has some of the most popular helping him 0:32
Lol He’s Not With Her Anymore!!!!
Tommy isn't and bryson your my favorite YouTubers
3:39  what is the channel that animated this part of the video?
1:41 and he was right, unfortunately.
Until I saw Grayson’s comment I was about to say wow this looks like Bryson’s animations style
This… didn’t age well
Since when did Jack Septiceye live in Ireland and make burgers?
oh no
i can tell he took inserpration  from haminations
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII NEW IT
THE YOUTUBE ANIMATOR AVENGERS!!!
The animation is giving me haminations vibes🤔🤔
Freddie foreshadowed :[
1:42 this aged well
Well this aged well 💀
Wilber interrogating Tommies girlfriend is fitting
“Did you know 50% of relationships break up? Yeah? Oh yeah”
Not anymore
6:21 never saw this in the republic of the Irish
It was sad to hear you guys broke up.
1:40 And they end up breaking up
I'm irish.... when you coming back? Where will you go? TELL ME, BECAUSE I'LL BE THERE😀😀😀
this aged like milk
I like how tye animation style changes
are you copying HAMINATIONS
freddie predicted his breakup
Fun fact: 6:10 in China Green hats mean that your romantic partner is cheating
Molly
2024
The break up part aged like fine wine
kool
icecreamsandwich
HOW DARE YOU CLOWN IRELAND (Northern Ireland sucks btw) normal Ireland is good
YES FINNALLY DIRT ON YOU
0:49 how did Tubbo not break that door man?
bro has multiple models each second
Bro is copying drawings of animations youtubers
2:19 well.. Freddie was right.
*HUF* - *HUF*  .... HUH???!!
this didn't age well, but i loved every second of it when i first watched it
YOOO  W COLLAB
1:41 this aged TERRIBLY
"He mocks me he beats me up yeah hes a good guy" 🗿no further comment needed
2:04 I guess freddy was right all along...
Animators at vidcon fr fr 0:28
1:43 did not age very well
3:23 aged horribly
As an American, it is also illegal to date your sibling
0:30 was that bryson
Unfortunately, Freddie got the last laugh.
Bro is Bryson but mix with Tommyinnit
1:42 this aged- horribly
from the second i saw the first 15 secs i knew hanimations was wotking on it
0:32 he called bryson sexy
4:34  ah yes George and dream
Don’t know if anybody notice this but the animation style changed a bunch of times sometimes matching with other Youtubers animations
I know what part ice-cream sandwich animated
The fact that Wilbur just went full dad mode on her is WILD
THE ONLY ONE;S I CARED ABOUT WAS HANIMATION AND theodd1sout
The animation looks a lot like haminations 🤨
I could tell that Bryson definitely worked on this same with swoosh
Tom I think Freddy wants you're girl 😂
I got confused btw it was nominations animation and I saw the comment and then was like oh ok lol
Well well well, look where we are now😂
Ah yes learning off of Tommyinits mistakes
Jesus loves you
This video aged poorly lamao
I wanna see that in real life😏
I can tell which on that oddballs1sout made
Freddie really went ahead and spoke it into reality
Crazy
Not this one
'ahh balls"
Ok
bro i watch haminations the odds one out and icecream sandwich
Watching this again now hits hard
I knew Haminations was apart of this
you can tell the pixel art is something that lumpy touch would make.
2:19 holy yapption did you graduate from yapdy yap yap vile you yap yap yap yapatron holy yapachino
i knew it was ham when i saw the animation style
3:22 foreshadowing
I knew it
Freddy was rigth
3:15 straight bars
Oh nvm I just realized he helped make ut
wait why does he look like Bryson
AS a AMERICAN. Somehow this is the video I found out dating your sibling is a thing.
Wow they used a lot of YouTube animators
Freddie was right !!!!
The animation reminded me of haminations then I saw he helped work on it
Its still illegal in the US but not in Alabama.
i think freddie predicted the future...
4:31 always gotta have the dnf moments 😌
I absolutely LOVE all the different styles of animation from those creators ❤and it’s fun to recognize their style too!😍
3:35 THERE WAS SOMETHING TO BE WORRIED ABOUT
Bro really took every animator ytuber and mixed their skills together
i guess Freddy was right
Hi
tommy how did u get in contact with all these animators lmfao
I think he’s schizophrenic
1:43 He wasn't wrong bro 😂😂
I love that each secshin has like every animatiter has there own style that is recognizable
I mean Freddy wasn’t wrong
i love how my fav childhood youtuber haminations helped tommy
Seeing this now hits different
Holy cow it’s Bryson.
Holy cow it’s Bryson. Holy cow Bryson.
this is one of the greatest TommyInnit videos ever.
AYOOOOOOOO
Bruh you just copy animators that make youtube videos
thw way he grab gorge 🤣🤣
1:42 justice for my man freddie 😭😭 he was right all along
3:53 neon genesis scene 💀
It is illegal to date your siblings here in America
I love the violence from ice cream sandwich
Freddie wasn’t wrong
Dear god tinniest watermark ever o-o
aw shucks
Gametoons ahh Thumbnail
This looks likes brysons animation  *Looks through the comments  I KNEW IT
Help the thunails was pefect
Hey this art style seems a little familiar🤔 HAMINATIONS- ICESCREAMSANDWHICH- ODD1SOUT- CHECKERS- LUMPYTOUCH- ADAMX- SWOOSH- COMPLEXYROSS- SADIST- CUPTOAST- W collab
OK 1st it was animations And now Infamous style
That's  hanimations style Did Bryson animate this What's real what's not And also why is animations actually in the comments saying that it was fun working with you
1st animation style was Haminations, 2nd was Brody Animates or Infamous Swoosh, the 3rd was Ice Cream Sandwich, the 6th was Odd1sout, and the rest I don’t know
This is sick.
As an American, I can confirm it is also illegal to date your sibling here
Who’s here after the breakup 😢
Lumpy touch animation go BRBBRBRBRBBRB
You picked good animators
Very cool
the Fact That they broke up 😔
Saw the first 5 seconds and my mind went Haminations 😲😲😲😲 did great job! All of you!❤
Make more
0:42 AWWW the technoblade youtooz in the back!!!! Fly high, king🕊👑
3:53  HE DID THE EVANGELION MEME!!!!
I can recognise this animation style is haminations
freddie was right
I mean.. Freddy wasn't wrong 🤷‍♀️😢
Huh???LOL;P
No way... Tommy got a girlfriend
These guys did steal that animation, James, or even emanations or something
These guys did steal that animation, James, or even emanations or something
1:37 i guess he was right lmao
Yeah
this aged well😭😭
:(
WE RECOGNISED HAMINATIONS DIRECTLY
Yo, I knew Haminations was behind this!
1:42 freddy was correct man jeez
Me personally, I would blame Freddie for this. 1:42  In all seriousness though, I’m glad Tom and Molly ended things in a mutual and respectful manner, shows the amount of emotional maturity those two had! Wish for the best for whatever comes :3
1:42 This didn't age well 😢
Whos here coming after they broke up :(
1:42 uh oh………
1:42 I guess Freddie was right
1:43 …
Lol
i knew it was haminations
Pause at 0:31 and look under haminations lol
When I went to Brighton I actually saw you on the bike and I didn’t think it was really you BUT NOW I KNOW
HELP THE JACKSEPTICEYE LINES
? Why does it look like theodd1stout’s drawing
Are tommy and molly still dating??can anyone tell me ?
...JUMP IN DA CADILAC
4:00 man come on it's not that bad... probably...
Tubbo😂
JUSTICE FOR NORTHERN IRELAND 🤚
☭
i saw the animation and i knew right away it was Haminations
6:45 avare irish speaking
i would like more
@icecreamsandwich’s part is just perfect
Yup 4:33
I saw the thumbnail and I was like OMG HAMANATIONS ICEEEAN sandwich OoOoOooo ODD1OUT
I am so fing messed up i thought it was drista on the thumbnail…..
I knew it was bryson at the beginning
wait a sec..... I THINK U COLLABED WITH (BRYSON FROM ) HAMINATIONS!!!!!!!!!
WE WANT CICADA WE WANT CICADA WE WANT CICADA WE WANT CICADA WE WANT CICADA WE WANT CICADA
Any one here in 2024     👇
i knew it was Haminations INSTANTLY
“To go be with his husband” picture of dream
I can imagine George's reaction LMAO 🤣
0:30 the way I recognized all these fellas
4:29  AWWW I WAS SO HAPPY WITH THIS ANIMATION BC I WATCHED THE MUSIC VID SOOOO MANY TIMES 😭
i love the Hanimation"s animation
the collaboration is crazy!
3:23 subtle foreshadowing
5:47 aH bAlLz🥹
4:34 wtf
Brun
Dream: I HATE YOU  George : I HATE YOU MORE 0:41
0:31 WTH r they sitting on
I like when he said ‘ ahh balls ‘
George is gay wow and dream george and dream are married
its funny how you can see who animated what part just because of their drawing style
Version haminations
loved this animation please make more!
We need more girlfriend story's tommy.
Silence filled the room😂😂
Seeing Tommy in Bryson's style makes me giddy as fuck
I like pugs
AAAA MY FAVORITE ANIMATORSSS IM SO HAPOY
tommyinnit is a legend
I love that it's very blatant that styles change
yoo whats up tom
OMFG I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS FROM THE STYLE
2:18 this part is peak
Lorf have mercy
3:22 well this didnt age well
His animation looks like hamations
Why is every one hate my country northern ireland comeone
Naw we got the TRUE arsenal now 0:31
Can we please see more animated tommy! And funny stories
0:05 haminations  1:29 ice cream sandwich   2:33-3:27  No idea but it's amazing 😭🙏   3:57 OddOnesOut   4:33 - 5:21 - 5:53 - 6:03 - 6:44 -   No idea
3:23
not me knowing all the animators who made this.
Haminations!!!!!!!! >:3
HAMMINATION IS MY FAVORITE
At least you didn't experience the weather
I recognized it the second I saw the styles
HAMINATIONS IS THAT YOU 0:00 , INFAMOUSSWOOSH IS THAT YOU 0:38 , ICECREAMSANDWITCH IS THAT YOU 1:21 , LUMPY TOUCH IS THAT YOU 2:37 , CUPTOAST IS THAT ALSO YOU 3:20 , ODDONESOUT IS THAT YOU 3:56 , COMPLEXYROSS IS THAT YOU 4:29 , ADAMX_ IS THAT YOU 7:13 , i dont even know who tf checkers is, SAD_ISTFIED IS THAT YOU  6:40 ?????????????
As an American, I can confirm that there are too many people in this country who date their relatives :’D Literally an entire state is memed on about it all the time xD
I love that I could immediately tell it was a haminations animation
I’m form 🇮🇪 people are drunk every were is all grey like is good but not good
6:18 i’m from a coastal town near belfast and trust me every time i go i want to die it’s so gray and boring the town i’m in is much for colourful for what’s it’s worth
As a female human "I don't mind" should mean I don't mind it's very confusing
I KNEW THAT SOMETHING WAS FAMILAR WITH HIS ANIMATION, I EVEN SEE HAMINATION SHORTS
I got a new video idea for sorry. Trapped in a insane asylum with therapy with Wilbur
Cross over animation style 😊
Dang haminations him self animated this that crazy
0:00
What’s wrong with Ireland!?!
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM these animation styles seem fammiliar... oh well
Intro is haminations then infamous swoosh lol
The style changes keep on catching me off gaurd 💀
0:01 haminations 0:45 infamous swoosh 1:27  iscream sandwich 2:43 lumpy touch 3:33 crumb 4:03 theodd1sout 4:54 complexlyross 5:31 adamx  6:07 checkers  6:54 :sad-isl
Is Bryson from Hammond Nations
I know that dumb voice anywhere
Why copying the odd1sout
5:26 the Ramboo head bobbing thoh 💀
Dang four of the best animators btw your girl freind in animation form looks like alex from mc
😂
The Wilbur Story aged well... 💀
I IMMEDIATELY RECOGNIZED HAMINATIONS WHEN I SAW THIS
This is a cool video! You have a fun environment
Is it Molly?😂
WHY MY B DAY
Wouldn't he get sue for the thumbnail looking like the odds 1 out.
I love how it swaps between all the animation styles of the people who helped in the video
How and wtfffff
I'm from 🇮🇪😮
It’s tubbo in a wig
Yay
"Husband" is crazy 💀💀💀
I love how he’s switching between multiple animators and I can tell who made it by the animation
4:30
3:20
I can tell what haminations drew and theoddonesout
Dis is good hamitations is the best
❤🎉
i like how its so obvious when the style changes
I clicked on the video and instantly knew haminations helped lol
tommy and Bryson match each others energy and I love him in bryson's style
the artstyle looks like some one
The ice cream sandwich part gave me 1000 times dopamine
Haminations style
we need more Tommy and animator collabs :) (Also the jump in the Cadillac at the end XD)
first second i see haminatios and think... Haminations
i think its funny that you can tell who animated which parts if you watch them lol just pointing it out great job tommy
6:47 lol his voice
dude you can't date sibilings in the US
Its weird you have so many animators art styles
Odd1soud          animation so good
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
5:58 I LIVE IN NORTHERN IRELANDDDDDDDD
0:07 why does it look like hamminations 😅
I’m a girl 😒
Dont Worry, Wilbur Doesnt Bite.
🎉🎉🎉😚😚🤗🤗🤗
Hammyinnit
4:33 THIS PART WAS SICK! DWEAM IS GOGYיS HUBBY!?
okay did anybody else notice that he said George moved in with his HUSBAND?? or did it say boyfriend?
not him implying Americans get with their siblings😭
"Just before moving to Florida to go meet with his husband" OMG LOLL
The Jack cameo was fantastic lmaooo
I knew hamination helped this art style is to classic for me not to see
7:09 …
6:05
6:02
5:50,
5:06,AYO
5:00
3:21 This aged like fine wine
3:40 there was a lot to be nervous about
He literally stole emanations animation
very cool       @micronado8021
"Gah Balls....."Got me dying 💀💀
well... this aged FAST
I live in Belfast
6:12 Tommy you’ve called me out and I am completely honoured that you feel the need to be this brutal about my home please come back soon we need someone to make Belfast 1000x funnier
This animation style is brysons and the rest helped with animating
Tommy your home town is where i live
5:59 I hear the word "Ireland" and I fuckin KNEW Jack/Sean was coming up eventually
6:46      checkpoint
I love how i can tell which animator did what
3:23    No words just this clip
O my gosh that was so good! The animations where so funny, just broubght the whole thing together
Thanks!😂
You can tell this was done by haminations😂
Yes... YES IT IS VERY NICE👹
I can already telll haminations made this
I can see all the different animation styles 😂
wait this guy is funny??
i saw the animation looked familiar then realized most of my favorite animators helped with this video
At first I thought it was the odd ones out then I thought it was haminations I'm confused
The Bryson bit was amazing just like him
3:21 This aged like FINE milk holy shit
Wait Bryson you work with odd ones out and and icecream sandwich and infamous switch
Oh wow!!!!
6:46 Jackameboy😢😢
4:34 husband!? What the flip
I love how there are so many different animators and it leavs me guessing which artstyle is which animator
Imagine how counfused people who don't know the animators are that the art style changing every second
DUDE THE ANIMATION CHANGED 8 TIMES
Did haminations make this 😂
3:00
FRED WAS ACTUALLY RIGHT!
I knew Hanimations was the champ behind this :)
Tutorial
Haminations animation😊
Haminations I knew you did this club breaking cause I was like Tommy and I didn't know if you're good at art and I know haminations is the best boy who can get your work done in a little bit of time That's why I love him and Asians
It is literally illegal in alot of places
0:38 "I have surrounded myself with idiots", Tommy must've borrowed that from Techno in that fnaf 4 video.
5:36 can we maybe talk about how one of his video says that he married Tubbo
Bro the odd1sout thumbnail, haminations art and also imgomusseswoosh
4:30 “to go be with his husband” 😂
3:19 Uh oh...
This didn’t age well…
4:33 "to meet with his husband" HAHAH EVEN TOMMY KNOWS IT
The iconic Bryson dance 0:17
Haminations and him are like the same
U can tell who did what
3:22 that aged poorly…
Bro is copying haminations
This made me laugh for no reason 4:33
I just know that jacksepticeye voiced the bartender
How many YouTubers work for you bro
i love how much there energy matches
It ham
He was in Belfast??????!!!
WHAT PART OF BELFAST ;-;
Bro looks like haminations
Is this the girl from college in the alton towers video
LOL
You can tell who made who at first it hamanations (love you).  Then its ice cream sandwich(you make me die of lafter)
😂😂😂😂 2:20
3:23 aged gosh dang Hecking horrible 💀
0:03 the clone of Tommy that always dances
You were in northern Ireland and it's amazing and I've been to Belfast a bunch
Yay even cup toast
Tommyinnit? nah thats hammyinnit
" TOMMY WHO IS THAT " " T h a t s m y s i s t e r " " YOU HAVE A SISTER!? " " Y e a h "
the intr is trademark haminations
you can see the different styles
0:30
This whole video had me dead fr 😂
Ur animation kinda looks like hamanimation
All the animation styles are SO COOL!!! It is incredible looking
Sweet home alabama
Sweet home alabama
Instead of him animating he’s abusing other people into animating for him good job 👍👍👍🙃
I watch so many of the animators so seeing all the different styles is so awesome
When Tom said ireland was the uk I punched a hole in my wall in irish agony and I then proceeded to speak in heavy irish
1:12 im not big on watching your videos but is tubbo's avatar supposed to look like tweek from south park or was it just pure random
3:25 this did not age well
4:35 - 4:37 dnf
is this about molly or an ex?
the wilber bit aged well...
3:19 the signs that no one picked up on bout Wilbur. That just straight up aged horribly.
Why did I know who animated it as soon as I saw
There are so many different drawing techniques in this
You're acting like hammonations I thought I was watching hammonations for a second
This looks and feels like haminations.
I absolutely LOVE that haminations,theodd1sout and swoosh all helped 😊
Tom Tom. I live in Ireland
Tommy: Erelind  Me: ITS IRELAND!
I knew haminations was involved
Bro i realized jacksepticeye voiced himself in the animation
3:34 nothing to worry about. Atleast as long as you brought a muzzle
Ok so, I hate to be this kinda person but u went to the wrong part of Ireland buddy. The only reason why Belfast was so shit is because YOU GUYS stole it from US IRISH CITIZENS. The rest of Ireland is actually quite beautiful, meanwhile Belfast and really all of Northern Ireland is a fucking Shithole with town SPLIT IN HALF because there’s so much sectarian violence there. U happy now Britain? This is all UR FAULT.
The thumbnail being theodd1sout animation
Yoooo!! cuptoast!!!!
I can tell all the styles😂
5:13 YOU CHEATED ON HER AGAIN WITH TUBBO
3:37 bro looks like hitoshi san from nyan neko sugar girls! XD
Sigma
i love how they swap animations thanks animators for being the best.
1:22 not the ice cream sandwich animation
As someone from Belfast I wish you had a better holiday but I hope to see more animated content 6:36
*"before moving to Florida to meet with his husband"* I'M GETTING MURDERED BY LAUGHTER 😭😭😭
4:34 yess tommy yess !
Yoo
„awoh balls..”  WHY DID THAT MAKE ME LAUGH SO HARD!?
" to be with his husband " BAHAHAH
0:30 CUPTOAST.
Nah Tommy used bryson,infamous swoosh and garotthecarrot and pixel and theodds1out and George and scrathnole  and other animations
0:00 HELLO???
I watched animations videos and that animation looks similar, but just from a different YouTube channel😊😅
3:36 oh if only they knew..
it looks like haminations stile animations
Tom m8 I love u lad (no homo) but Your talking abt NORTHERN ireland not ireland
bro the animation reminded me of ham animations
5:29 YES
When everything was normal
I knew it was infamous swoosh and haminations the goats😊
Jack’s acting was hilarious
3:23 this aged well
pog
3:26 did not age well
0:00/0:33 haminations 0:33/1:21 Infamousswoosh  1:21/2:30 IceCreamSandwich 2:30/3:19 LumpyTouch 3:19/3:56 i dont know 3:56/4:28 theodd1sout 4:29/5:18 i think i know this one but it is not in my brain located for now 5:18/5:55 i dont know this one  5:55/6:36 still dont know 6:36/7:13 i dont know this one to  hope you are happy and dont be mad that i didnt now some i am just a person
Did he kidnap you haminations?
I could tell the first part Bryson ( Haminations ) animated  it
My brother, the thumbnail was a trick
I was ecstatic when I saw the animation style in the beginning, I was happy when I saw two of my favorite animators (haminations and Odds1out) I loved it. I also love how the style changes throughout the video.
3:24 aged like milk
On swoosh animation on the headphones it said swoosh
Tommy I don't like your girlfriend.
4:33 his husband 😭🙏🏻
sister is crazy
I knew the animators EMIDIETLY cuz every animator has thier own like style i would say
I KNEW HAM WAS WORKING ON IT AS SOON AS A SAW THE INTRO
The fact that I can tell what was animated swoosh and what parts where Bryson shows that I will never get a girlfriend
"My friend wilbur, hes like a brother to me. He mocks me, he beats me up, HES A GOOD GUY!!!" that aged well
If I was popular back then, do you think I could've done it
wilburs cameo did notttt age well
you don’t know HOW many animators art styles I know in this video
Ah balls
Bro got to many animators
freddie wants em so bad
The way i recognised Haminatons style
Fun broooooooooooooooooooo ! I am the best (Tej PRS)
Yeah the weather is like that every day
We new you were english Yup ireland🇮🇪
Is it me or Tommy iniit looks like hamanations
i guess freddy was right?
I could immediately tell all the art styles
mmggghh 3:23 that aged well
I knew it was hamanimations. I could just tell by the art style.
odd1sout  animation looks the best. But they all are really good
6:46 this should've been animated by icecreamsandwich
5:35 I MARRIED TUBBO???
Congratulations on getting 15 million subscribers Tommy
Wilbur being a brother 😂😂😂❤ 3:48
0:14 not the dancing from Charlie Brown Christmas lol
huh. that Ireland man sounded familiar...
I don’t think Tommy realizes that dating you sibling is illegal everywhere
uuuuuuhg bolls. had me dead
In America, it’s illegal to date a sibling
Bryson, we need a chat you posted a video that’s your animation, but it’s Tommy seriously haminations, why
5:03 I did this with my British bf!
3:22 this aged somewhat well
Soooooo… are they still together? Hope so
good
Omg you should have went on the faire from Belfast to Stranraer you would have loved it 😊
Love that Sean did that last bit SO MUCH! >XD
first haminations then... uhh i lost count...
Wait....that animation is...... fimilar......WAIT HAMINATIONS!
The animation style keeps changing. (The styles of the animators, honestly I only recognized haminations and odds1out)
I wanna join your channell but im seven and it caost money and im broke😢
Fuck poeple who hate you
Hamination animation-  Waitwaitwait. You heard of the new Hamination video ft TommyInnit? Collab?!?
dont think i wouldnt notice that the outro music is a little too familiar ;)
Your style looks a lot like Bryson
The thumbnail is the odd 1's out's art style cool
Guys, watch this, I'm going to do an impersonation of one of those idiots who actually care about likes in a YouTube comment section. "WilburSoot that aged horribly!1111!!1!1!" Everyone knows. You should try fix your mental health, because you're clearly chronically online. It isn't healthy.
ANIMATED!!!!
Bro copied a certain someone’s style of animation
OMG BRYSON x TOMMY FINALLY ❤❤❤❤
I recognized SADist and Odd1sout’s art so quickly lmao
I wish Tommy could animate his videos would be so cool
My favorite art style is this 6:43 and this is so cute art style 3:25
I have watched some of these animators on YouTube and I can tell there art style, for example 0:22 hanimations
Feddi was so sigma for bringing it up
It’s like my 4th time watching this now.
Arte 🫦🫦🫦
NAH THAT COMMENT ABOUT AMERICAN VIEWERS WAS FOUL
This is so funny🤣
1:30 Ice cream sandwich animation :)
I wish techno could be here :( I would have made so many jokes
HOW MANY STYLES DOES HE USE
Haminations + odd1sout + tommehinnit
The animation looks exactly like haminations
"And its tubbo"
Tommy why ya blushing at 1:08  XD
Giving hanimanation vibes  Edit: wait George’s husband!!!!! What the heck!!!
I think it’s kinda weird how they pretended they were siblings….
3:23 This aged wellllll…
4:34   HELP THIS IS JOKE IS KILLING ME ISTG
We need more collars like this <3
6:46 the average 2014 happy wheels lad today
7:00 Jacksepticeye casually being in this
Tommy didnt really go to Ireland he never left the UK lol
Dude u have the hamanations art style
you look like bryson
5:46 "Ah Balls." - Tommyinnit
:)
4:01 I’m American and I thought that was Ilegal here to but am I wrong if so umm I’m disturbed by the country I’m living in…. 😐😑
Haminations made it for you
Wait you have a girlfriend YOU
1:23 Ice cream Sandwich is such an awesome YouTuber I love his videos
I might pass out
The odd ones out
AN WAS THAT BRODY
This kind of looks like the hamanainlions
I thought I recognized the animation style.
Hi
7:10 WAIT IS THAT A: Jump in the cadillac, girls put some miles on it, everything just to put a smile on it
Any tips for dating guys?
🍞🫘🍞- tommyinnit
YOU CAN DATE YOUR SIBLING???😨
3:49 what do you mean why the person that always makes really dark jokes about women gets a girlfriend thats crazy
Bro Belfast isnt that bad. And dont say belfast is in ireland. Its NORTHERN Ireland
yoo! they got Lumpytouch! awesome!!!
What you video like  haminations
5:58 lol
I wish wilbur was still ac"good guy"
I knew bro was working with haminations.
I LIVE IN N.IRELAND
0:14 the rock and roll and butters dance from South Park
3:35  Blud didn’t want to get bit
The animation keeps changing
6:37  Is me favorite part (Yes I meant me)
I know half of this youtubers
I feel like haminations made the animations
5:46 “ah ballls” 🥲
LumpyTouch is insane
4:33 lol
You can see some of the animitors styles like in the intro hamanisons
Yo Tommy did haminations help on this animation?
Jacksepticeye!! 6:47
Tommy kinda looks like Lucas
Hamanimation
Did you seriously hire all of these people even though you could actually make your own animation emotional damage?😂
4:31 that’s normal Gogy energy right there 😅
1:47 LOL tommy went his normal absolute rage :)
Haminations❤❤❤❤!
Omg also odd ones out
Did hamanations make this
"I put funny in all my youtube titles" "I married tubbo" Yeah he cheated 💀
I CAN RECONIZE THAT ANIMATION ANYWHERE 0:01
its cool how the style changes through the video really cool to see all of the animators I like all working together
Your like animations he is like. You😂😂😂
This is haminations art
why is my name in this
AYO THE ANIMATION IS LIKE HAMINATION
This aged well mainly stuff about Wilbur 😅
4:04 not in the heart of dixie alabama
I think when he said American people, he mistake us for the Alabama people
Tommy how do you for saying Dan TDN was a bad person
the fact the animators take turns  is a bit weird
lumpy touch why is he here there is no pixel  edit;i take my words back
yo suck it green Boyyyyy
oi
the collab we never expected   HOW DID WE GET AN COLLAB BETWEEN ICECREAMSANDWICH HAMINATIONS THEODD1SOUT CHECKERS LUMPYTOUCH ADAMX INFAMOUSSWOOSH COMPLEXYROSS SAD-IST CUPTOAST TOMMYINNIT TUBBO GEORGENOTFOUND AND JACKSEPTICEYE
No ones talking about how the waiter is animated like jacksepticeye
4:00 as an American, thank you for this sm I actually was struggling to understand
i knew it was haminations
3:20 yeah that aged well...
Tommy into the Tommy Verse! 😂
The animations for this video are so damn good  I love the little birdbox reference at 3:36
Oh 3:44 so every part is animated by someone else. Ha.
Struggles to eat the burger Jackceptieye made: “It was Mark who made em”
George looks terrified on the thumbnail, like he is saying: WOMEN?!?!?!?!?!?!
The animation is sooooooooooooooooooooooo cute❤❤❤
I like how he used other animators styles
You should’ve gotten me to animate 😢😢
All the different styles are so cool to see!
4:29 his husband😂😂😂
6:37 WOW THIS IS REALLY CUTE WHO AMIMATED IT
I knew they help you animate
HELP 0:49 BAHAHAHAAHA- 4:31 TOMMY LET HIM GO
0:26  * * \~/
HAMINATIONS ANIMATING STYLE!!!
no wonder she was scared if wilbur she coulve been the bite of 24`
Bros copying 3 animators it's honestly funny it looks nice
"animaters ASSEMBLE"
I can tell what animators animated what like haminations and the odd ones out
Not trying to be mean but you copied Haminatios 👉👈
I recognize haminations , infamous swoosh , icecream sandwich and the odd 1s out
0:05  this looks like Haminations
Why is his animation style like hamination's style, just saying this is my first time seeing this channel but why are they so similar?
It looks like Hamintations drew this
4:35 TOMMY SHIPS DNF 😭💀
LumpyTouch's animation style is terrifying.        I love it.
3:47 he did that because hes " AUTISTIC :3"
I can tell which part was animated by haminations, which was by my boy ice cream sandwich.
I live in Belfast and I can say Tommy is telling the truth
cant believe people thought this was cool 1 year ago
I think haminations does this cause this is definitely his style of animations
4:36 WOAH WOAH WOAH WOAH HUSBANDD?
Tommyinnit + Haminations = masterpiece
Me: this animation was inspired by haminations Me open comment and sees haminations comment  Me: I CALLED IT
I had a feeling haminations were in this
I knew it the animation on first looks like hamination and yeah you're like twins
thumbnail: theodd1sout  video: a mash up of all animators
Why did you copy haminations?
Jacksepticeye.
Your animation is way to much like brysons in the intro
2:44 is the second I realize this animator is lumpytouch
I knew haminations helped make this!
0:03 allow me to set this silly goober free
the fact that I can recognize the different animation styles of the different animation YouTubers means... I need more friends and I need  to go outside
Tommy's reaction when he flirts with another woman in front of his gf: ah balls
I HEAR JACKSEPTICEYE
Bro this is the coolest animation mashup I have ever seen
Just pick someone to draw💀
iI can see that the intro is made by haminations
STOP CALLING NORTHERN IRELAND IRELAND LIKE I KNOW ITS IRELAND BUT LIKE WERE NOT (really that)BRI’ISH LIKE I DONT DRINK  TEA OR A BO’O’O’WA’AH
That Pokemon Style From LumpyTouch Is So Good
Haminations style and thumbnail is Odd1sout style
I knew haminations made this the second the video started
I KNEW IT!!! WHEN I SAW THE WAY IT WAS DRAWN AND ANIMATED, IT WAS HAMINATIONSSSS
3:22 is Wilber and his gf
What is the chef in Ireland jack the septa guy
Hamandnations has changed his clothes
In 2:57 knowing Molly's face now this is the most accurate one
0:25 that looks just like my animated person on Scratch!
Well Tommy, welcome to the perfectly normal weather conditions of Ireland.
Bro is a British sigma
Lumpy Touch with Tommyinnit Voice is so good
OBJECTION! (Phoenix wright) :D
Jack! Jack!!! It is you my friend! 6:45
Wilbur sure is such a nice guy!
ICECREAMSABDWICH
anyone else notice the hidden text at 0:30??
I knew hamanations worked on this the art style
Wait Georgenotfound is gay?
tommy: references ireland.  video: lands in belfast voiceover: Jacksepticeye (not northern irish)  jk love the vid lol
I love how you can see the different art styles of the different youtubers Tommy worked with.
I instantly tell that you got help from the other animators bc the first minute there was hamations and infamous swoosh
seeing tommy say wilbur is like a brother to him makes me feel utterly bad for tommy after everything that came out about wilbur soot
Haminatioms!!!!!!!🎉🎉😮
me: opens the video also me: alright why does this look like its made by Haminations?
I LOVE ALL THE STYLES
Tommy saying Wilbur is a good guy aged like left out milk
Tubbo really wants to open the door 😂😂
His the only animator that is British and has a girlfriend
IceCreamSandwich, Odd1sOut, and Haminations? What better trio is on earth?
Tommy is this the same person that you tried to impress by riding the Smiler?
George going to his husband *image of dream* NAHHHH idkkkk it's cool tho ngl but really.....REALLY
Kiss
este fue uno de los primeros videos que vi de tommy y adoro verlo
WILBUR CALM DOWN SHES NOT YOUR GIRLFRIEND DONT BITE HER
3:24 typical brotherly behaviiour
what do you mean husband 4:34 ????whatttttt (im mean its true tho)👍👍👍
did anyone notice at 0:31 theres a arrow pointing at haminations that says "sexy". (turn your play speed to 0.25 and you can see it and read it) edit: how did no one see that, its been out for a year.
Shahahha
English or Spanish Tommy
This video is as  f*** : )
This animations is reminding me of something
Lmao the light speed Irish from JackSepticEye was hilarious
4:30 THE WAY HE JUST GRABBED GEORGE 😨😭😭😭
Animator segments :) 0:00 @Haminations 0:33 @Infamouswoosh 1:22 @icecreamsandwich 2:30 @LumpyTouch 3:19 @crumb.crumblet.S.crumbington 3:55 @theodd1sout 4:29 @ComplexityRoss 5:18 @AdamX_ 5:55 @Checkers 6:36 @SAD_isfied
JACKSEPTICEYE AS THE IRISH GUY IS WAY TO FUNNY
I love how the animation style changes every .1:.00.
Haminations, Infamous Swoosh, Ice Cream Sandwich, Odd1sout ahh video, but not bad, not bad at all.
so nobody is gonna talk about the jump in the cadillac music at the end??
how many animators are in here
"he mocks me , he beats me, *HES A GOOD GUY* " hm....
The wilbur didnt age well- :((
Jacksepticeye at the end was crazzyyyy
Hamination, Sad-ist, odd' 1 out and Crub's parts are my favorites they're so smooth
I go to ask if haminations made everything and his brother there and the comment
Calla
bro tommy rlly got the goat haminations AND infamous swoosh?
Sir we only tell real stories
3:56 YEEEEESSSS!!!!!!
Not the Dream and George shipping 💀
its giving haminations *side eye*
Odd1sout part?
ok we get it u have a girlfriend pls stop flexing
I thought the animation style was familiar
4:18
I love how the animas
bollocks
Amazing!😊
I RECOGNISE ALL THE ART STYLES SNDJDNDYWHEJXJZJZKAHAU
No way  So MANY of my favorite animators worked on this
I like ice cream sandwich art style
Errrrmm ackshully Ireland is NOT in the UK
Ice cream sandwiches animation is so obvious it's my favorite XD
I recognized haminations and lumpy touch lol
hol up. goerge is a alive? and gay?!
4:02 the odds one out animation 4:02
How he sad about George to meet his husband/dream and how dreams just popped up Rivera when she said that like I was amazed by what he said he knows something that we all do not know😂😂😂😂
Sooo many art stools 😅😅😅😅
I new it look like haminations 😂
5:07 ... a sight to behold
i lived in northern island lol and got used to the goofy ahh accents
0:01 - 0:34 Haminations. 0:34 - 1:23 Inf. Swoosh. 1:23 - 2:32 Ice Cream Sandwich
0:00 - 0:34 Haminations
So cool seeing the animation styles it’s so funny recognizing them
Where part 2 boy?
Average day in Belfast 💀 (I live in Northern Ireland)
i love how tommy used like 10 difrent art styles
3:20 that did not age well
Did anyone notice the jacksepticeye cameo 😂
I love the fact that we can see the different art styles from each different animator!!!
Odd 1sout
In famousswshw
Haminations
I can tell which parts were animated by odd1 and icecreamsandwich
BRO WAS AT IRELAND???? (oh wait he was in northern ireland nevermind)
4:54 HELP WILBUR HOLDING A SIGN THAT SAYS “LIES” 💀 6:37 SADIST
why didn’t you just go to a tesco instead of a pub run by people that make awful food??
I like ice cream sandwich😊
Hi
NAAHHHHH HE JUST CALLED AMERICANS INBRED JEJEHDUCICHDVDDHEIEIDUDHVVEBE
No, you do not go to Ireland. You went to northern Ireland Ireland, separate country not a part of the UK.
4:03 YOOO
Animation
i want to see a animetion like with goerge
5:49 this fucking frame
Wilbur being in this did not age well
lol I loved that also you gf sounds cool 😎
4:35  PAUSE WHAT (pause it)
Bro why did you do a bunch of different animation styles like hamination and the odd1's out
The thumbnail looks like Odd1sout made it
I like it how ever diffrent YouTuber he acts like them
british man meets brazilan man.
I love how you got the animators to get there style of animations for the video great teamworks and video
press four on your keyboard while paused
Just love the diffrent ype of drawimg
That's a little 'odd'
Ever since this was released I always wondered Man Haminations Innerself Always showed especially when everyone gets beat up was
I loved how that it was so many different art style ❤
DUDE THIS VIDEO IS INSANE  All of the styles like lump does pixel  Crumb does styled it’s just amazing
BRO AT 0:13 TOMMY DID RALSEI'S DANCE FROM UNDERTALE!
i love this amation
5:30 Bros inner Kickin Chicken was let out
Hey nice video
I love ham…         inations
THATS JUMP IN THE CATILAC GIRL LETS PUT SOME MILES ON IT
You did jack dirty
Took Alot of animaters
I could kinda tell who did what even though i only know ice cream sandwich haminations and theodd1sout
odds1out part was good
when you said please subscribe at the end, the sub button turned rainbow!!
4:32  DOSE TOMMY KNOW SOMETHING THAT WE DON'T KNOw?
6:48 Irish
6:14 What do you mean bad time it's a beautiful day, Birds are singing flowers are blooming
palle
4:43 that's the iconic quote y'all
IF TOMMY REPLIES ILL SUB
2:54 is lumpytouch the creator of gorefield
Croissant
TOMMYINNIT WAS IN BELFAST HELLO???
I knew it
Bottem right shows who's animating the part you're whatching
That mustache is the Lorax’s mustache
Tommy please don’t be mad but at first I thought your gf was DRISTA!😂
JACK Jumped in at just the right time 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"nothing to be nervous about" next thing you know is gonna be nom nom
I’m dumbfounded that Tommy has a gf but Ian Boggs doesn’t
Em had a right to be nervous about Wilbur
This is bothering me. People are going like “This aged badly 3:20” this video is irrelevant to the allegations, it’s just a video about Tommy’s girlfriend not Wilbur :/
dude you lived SO CLOSE TO ME
When I look at the thumbnail I already know it's haminations
Wilbur is a sex offender
At 4:54 WHO DOES THE ANIMATING IT IS AWESOME I LOVE THAT TYPE OF ART!!!!!!!
Freddy wants your girl
I will never see Tommy the same after criticising Ireland
1:30 ICE CREAM SANDWICH:)))))))
make some more kinda funny
I absolutely love how you two gasslight people into believing that you are siblings and then traumatize  them 😆
3:22 that one didnt age so well
Tommy got Hanimated! Dum dum tisss
First Time I saw this video and I said "It seemed familiar the animation" until I read the description:  HAMINATIONS 😅🤣
People realizing they could get free likes if they comment about Wilbur now because they have nothing worthwhile in their life:
3:37 there is damn well something to be worried about M
3:23 this has a WHOLE different meaning now
Blue got RIZZ
2:58 this art style and the way the design for the people are ❤😂
1:47 David Tennant? This you?
I just love how haminations always includes violence into all of his animations😂
I’m from America and dating siblings is wrong to me because I am a Christian
6:46
I guess he really meant GeorgeNotFound
Is anyone gonna talk about Freddy's bubbly mouth at 2:18
The art style just says who animates
the fact that the animation changes every different story happens is so funny
ross' animation is the funniest thing i've ever seen 🤣also tommy referring to dream as george's husband is uhh.. yea
Ahhh Bawllss
6:02  did anyone else think about the fact that Ireland is not “a part” of the United Kingdom, it’s a completely different country
Sending love from ireland 🇮🇪 ❤️ !
Maybe tubbo like you more than friends
I wish SR Pelo was there to help you😶
4:35 YALL HEARD WHAT I HEARD?! 'husband' WHAT??????
3:20 This didn’t age quite so well.
The animator at 3:40 what’s his name I really like his style
How the hell did you get icecreamsandwich to anime u 5:07 🫱😦🫲
How the hell did you get icecreamsandwich to anime u
I cannot belive that he put a deltarune dance in there :)
is dat hamminations
The ood 1s out
Wow
Ohhh you got help from all of them thats why
This looks like hamination artstyle did he help you?
I’m pretty sure George and dream hate him for shipping them together
I love the style chainging rapidly thougth the vid.
This animation style is like hamination's
LOL
TOP 5  spoilers that went very far  ( 3:18 )
jump in the cadillac was actully a good song
7:09 Gold jewelry shining so bright, strawberry champagne all night, lucky for you thats-
When i found out cuptoast worked on it 😆🔫 but as a good thing
I think Icecreamsandwich's art style is best.
“To go be with his husband-“ 😂
0:34 same with my girlfriend
This Reminds Me of Bryson's Art Journey! :3
5:46 "yar balls" bro why is this so funny
I love ice cream sandwich
Me. 🇬🇧
Haminations part / animation was the best :)
Ok Dave strider
AAAAAAAAAAAA WOMAN
I think i know who ur girl friend is
Hi tom
In the U.S., it's illegal to marry or have sex with your sibling.
huhu I'm still lonely
0:30 who you calling sexy?
Why is there 50 different animation styles from people like haminations,theodd1sout
i live in northern ireland i used to live in america but one thing i must say tommy is that the burgers arent to great it took me awhile to find one i like but yea
Hamiaitions
Is that haminations
YOU WERE IN BELFAST NEAR DERRY
u sure Wilbur didn't start biting her?
00:31 is really called Haminations sexy
Every half it says every animators
3:23 is crazy
I was thinking ham vibes an then i saw ham's comment im blown away
3:35 don't worry Molly, he won't bite 😊 Rip Tolly 2022-2024 😔
lol the animation completely changes every like minute
I dont like you tom🖕
6:47 jacksepticeye YAYAYAYAYAYAY
Tommy: He also cares about me. He cares~ Don't you Wilbur~  Wilbur: O_O Me: Yeah...no...that didn't age particularly well.
sadist part was 😂
1:42
I don't know why his friend always beats him up 3:21
omg wene I saw the animation it was so familiar I knew it was haminations animation this or just the drawing idk  ok so I just realized there are a bunch of animators youtubers there so yeah
3:21 isn't that ironic.
5:06 Didnt know anyone would even want to do that with tom
4:23 SWEEET HOME ALABAMA
Animation just turned into ice cream sandwich animation😂😂😂
No.1 dnf shipper tommyinnit
Icecreamsandwich’s art animation is my favorite.
YES ICE CREAM SANDWICH IS IN HERE
Seeing all those animator teamworking is really inspiring
😢
It feels like lumpy dump the YouTuber was there I didn’t see the list of the people (the second time I watched this is the same thing)
He copied haminations
animated tommy >>>>>>>>>> real tommy
SWEET HOME ALABAMA 4:13
George is gay
Why does it look like hamimations  channle
Me when i saw the animaters: HAHAHAHA HAMANATIONS!!!!! i proly spelt it wrong
many stories about tommy
I already knew haminations worked on this from the start
On George's scene, was that his voice or that was voiced by Tommy? 😭 4:40
I love the way my face went when he practically said the were 😂 I live is shite
Sad-ist's artstyle reminds me of mha in a wierd way
4:26 🎵SWEET HOME ALABAMA!🎵
The thumbnail art style really interests me
or is tommy a good editer
is haminations helping tommy edit better?
you are good at animating
I love how bro is married to his friend and has a girlfriend.
3:31 I can just imagine him going “PFFFHAHAHAHA… oh you’re serious.”
Icecreamsandwich was in the collab big epic
when I say the the style I just knew haminations was helping to animate
Epic
3:38 aged like juice
3:25 aged like milk
People who knew Hamminations Would comment 👇
Hammy went hard 🔥💀
0:35 yeah tommy id too warn any woman about wilbur soot
3:21 this has a completely different meaning now
Bro copy brison
3:35 pretty sure there is one thing to worry about
6:18 then you should not have gone to Belfast you should have gone to Dublin it’s better in every way
4:27 If I was him, I would have yelled the saying
what did you expect from ireland mate. its an utter hellhole
JACKSEPTICKE?! 7:01
THE ODDONESOUT !? 4:01
it looks like the old hamanashon
i guess freddy was right
DID I JUST WITNESS *JACKSEPTICEYE* GIVING DEAR OL' TOMMY A BORGER?!
Oh u work with hamination what a shock
That's Haminations tommy
0:30 I see what you did there ham
haminations?
Bro went through every animator
Oh Freddy
Omg icecreamsandwich, haminations,swooshLUMPYTOUCH?!
Rule number 1. Don't trust lumpytouch to create a wholesome animation
It’s cool to see all the different types of animations style choice for each of the animator’s 😊
0:31 YOOOOOOOOO WE GOT THEODD1SOUT, HAMINATIONS AND ICECREAMSAMWICH
Blonde british kid gaslights friend into thinking this is inc@st
its kinda crazy that i can tell that at minute 2 is icecream sandswich's animation style because of its simplicity
LESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTSolar x ruin Killcode x moon Sun x eclipse Earth x Monty Gemini x lunar and last but not lest the show stopper BLOODMOON X SOLARFLARE...LESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUTLESHAUNE DINGLENUT
I will keep spammin  LESHAUNE DINGLENUT until you answer me
1 note DON'T MAKE MANY RED FLAGS UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR RELATIONSHIP TO GO DOWN INTO HELL!
Hamination
Tum kisa ho
Ugugan tum kisa ho
The part where he says Wilber’s a brother to him he beats him up and mocks me is VERY appropriate about siblings it’s just spitting FACTS
I IMEDEINTLY noticed Bryson's animation style on the video........W
2:52
Ireland is not bad!!!!!!!
Oh Tommy. But why did you go to NORTHERN Ireland? We al know those heretics aren’t nearly as good as the REAL Ireland. (Jk, my family is from Belfast, but still. Cork is cooler.)
0:31 Bryson just called himself sexy lol
You can really see IceCream Sandwhich's artstyle coming out!
6:51 I laughed so damn hard when I heard jacksepticye god damn it😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
tommy n george r my favorite 😺
6:55 lil dance
Why does it look like haminations animated it?
3:36
3:24  this did not age well
This did NOT age well Tommy ._.
Wish if i had a girl friend like that, I try my best to be good but she just makes fun of me, talks about her boy bsf, treats me like shit and never talks to me in person and when ever I mention us dating she just says "didnt ask"
3:38 YOU SURE?
Why do you hamations art style and other creators
Your friend… WILBUR? The one that.. yk. Bites?
In the intro I was like “am I watching tommyinnitor haminations?”
Did he said George is going to see his husband What the heck. 4:34
What's the waitress name what's the waitress voice Markiplier jacksepticeye I don't know
3:21  "he mocks me, he bites me up"
3:22 this didn't aged well
eddwardooooooo
I can tell who animating in each one
tommy hehe you didnt step on irish soil u stepped on english soil as an irish person i found that very ofenceve
HAM ODDBALLS CROSS OVERRRRRR
Jack septiceye
How many animation styles are you gonna use? 💀
Dude the fact that alot of videos hinted Wilbur wasn't the good guy we know and we the viewers brushed it off as nothing, that just proves how Wil manipulated us into how we thought about him, its disgusting.
The animator i least expected to be here was lumpy touch, I actually womdered who made the pixeled part until i saw him.
Tommy looks like Bryson lol😂
Bro the Wilbur part aged badly..
3:20 this aged poorly 💀
I can hear jack
The fact i know every animated parts animator on this is crazy
God i see comments where people comment about Tommy talking about Wilbur, and I'm just here to say don't do this in every Piece of Media(in the past) Wilbur is in or is talked about because from my perspective at least it ruins the quality of the video I'm watching however this is only my opinion.
Hamation, odd ones out,. lumpy touch
I love how he changed through different styles (YouTubers styles)
3:21 well that aged like milk
I knew that was Haminatios in the beginig.
Tommy I promise you we Irish people are NOT that bad you’re just in Northern Ireland…
7:00
0:29 me and da bois when we see a girl looking at us
6:16 trust me, as someone from belfast, it gets worse the further in land you go
HE'S A GOOD GUY (the foreshadowing that’s crazy)
What about Molly
I now know where you are from, but how do you not know that t is deeply illegal to date your siblings in America too.
The bike riding part got me😂😂😂
Does anybody know if the Irish came to beat his ass yet?  I’m Irish. On an unrelated note anybody have his Address?
Very funny animation
It’s only legal to date your sister in Alabama
OH SHIT, 3:19 AGED ABSOLOUTELY HORRIBLY, MY GOD
You can tell who is animating what scene due to all of the different styles of animation
I KNEW I SAW JAMES IN  THE THUMBNAIL
HAMINATIONS vibes ngl
"he beats me" how ironic
Haminations vibe...
I love how like every minute of the video changes the animation style like the frost haminations then infamous swoosh then icecream sandwich
I FINALLY REALIZED HAMINATIONS ANIMATED THISSS NO WONDER THE ANIMATIONS ARE SIMILAR
The first bit, you look like Bryson in haminations Your hair, face just the style :)
Hey it's also animated in and you look like bryson from haminations
solid prank
3:23 that didn’t age well
4:00 now the OddOnesOut lol
1:37 What the ME AND YOUR FRIEND HAS THE SAME NAME MY NAME IS FREDDY last name pettersson
lol was going to say thats very like haminations
this was cool seeing all the differint animators styles in this vidio
this was cool seeing all the differint animators styles in this vidio
Ultimate collab
4:01 American!?
isecremsammich yay
i love dans whole "herswhigwellidontknowwhatyoucallitbutermergburgerflocknowhermerfiftyeighterwhateveryouwantnow?" truely inspiring.
i LOOOVEE the different styles!
you should meett haminations infamous swoosh and odd 1out and tim tom
5:06 this is what you see in romance movies obviously
Not luMPY TOUCH
Ahh that’s why all the animations look very similar to other ones
4:29 I cannot get enough of this art style! Who helped with this??
3:22 "he beats me up" that aged horribly
I thought I recognised haminations art style
5:46 yaugh, bolz.
2:42 herobrine I just realized
bro literally took/picked every single animation style on youtube from every youtuber lol
Can confirm it is illegal to date your sibling here in the US as well XD
Answer to Wilburn questions: great white. Australia. YES!
a year later and i just made the connection that em is both a reference to molly and to emiily from the facebook game thingg
As an Irishman, I can confirm that everything here is grey
I see the algorithm has all brought us together to help point out all the obvious signs we missed pointing at wilbur.
Not the dnf joke😭 4:34
Turns out the smiler roller coaster payed off
bro has EVERY animator
You are a horrible boyfriend…. 🪨🧃
3:22 aged like fine wine
I swear Wilbur is just Tommy’s dad
🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵
Shout outs to ice cream sandwich, haminations,
0:30
Easy to recognise all the different animatiors styles :D
Is she amy
ok i had to pause the video when i heard jack's voice.  damn
ah yes... wilbur
Yo it’s haminathon
i need moreeeeeee
He looks like haminaitons
isnt this like Ham?
I'm irish
U. Can’t date ur siblings in America tho
6:17 Belfast ? Why it remind me of that one shipyard also located on Belfast
I saw herobrine at : 2:41
3:21 damn that aged well
last comment
i thought you were gay😅
I knew that brison helped
Luv how they had two of my fav animators in there :D Sad-ist and Ice cream Sandwich
I like how he took inspiration from Hamantions
(NOT BEING RODE)but are you married to tubbo or was that all a joke,Georgia will be ok i think i got so idk 😮 and yeah did you talk to your friend about we they were acting that way. And i hope you and your girlfirend will live happy together ok bye
Did anyone else notice in the begining when haminations showed the youtubers that help for a single frame he put a word im not gonna say and it was pointing to him, haminations
how about the time you were in a gay marriage
Lol the look on Goggys face was everything 😂😂😂
“He- He beats me up! You know he’s a GOOD GUY!”  Me: Welp- uhhh- WELL…
That whole Wilbur thing is uh hmmm
i am irish and that is a tiny bit hurt full what you said 😟
i new it was haminations
That is such a Wilbur thing OMl
Of course hanimation is there
awesome animating
3:18 💀
Oddonesout animation style 4:25
I was born in Ireland!
3:56 I Kept Hearing James Voice In My Head😂
0:32 I Thought Some Scenes Looked Familiar
Cap
Love jacksepticeye as the irish pub owner and george going back to his husband.....i caught that yk
The way that wilbur was ACTUALLY being abusive to tommy irl 3:20
If you know the YouTuber you can immediately recognise who’s animation style this is
Yeah the Wilbur part does not age well
3:21 the forshadowing in this bit is crazy
3:20 damn this hits different now
Yeah ham worked on this
3:57
George was leaving to Florida to see his husband 😭 4:33
other youtubers helped make this
0:57 the eyes😭
04:47
that was so hilarious 😂
He turned into bryson☠️💀☠️💀☠️
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
6:16 SAAAAAAANS!!!!!
please make more stories!!!!!!!!!! I LUV them!!!!!!!!!
“Ah, balls”             -tommyinnit
People who knew haminations was one of the animators 👇
As an Irish man I understood what Tommy said
i have a boyfriend
You dudes are literally like Abraham and Sarah with their brother sister staff. But they actually were siblings unlike you
All kind of Animations Styles
Thats just average wilbur behavior
Should have come down south west to galway
Im wrong
Me: OMG Haminations You :wat about??
To get in to l,Marburg you have to do 2
Hi
L rizz
I’m an Irish lad and I’m soo sorry you had a bad time there😢
Rare footage of Tommy not swearing..
my dumbass played a game on this video called "guess the animator for the different animators "lol
3:57 dude the way he talked without moving a mouth was so stupid for me lol
tot- nvm he commented lol
bro what im doing  bad to get a girlfriend this mf is werid
Jack just speaking Irish...       🤣🤣
so u aint with ranboo arnt ya
"HhHhHhHhHhHhHhHh HUUUUH?" lol i died
Tommy:Willbur he’s like a brother to me he mocks me he beats me up he’s a good guy he also cares about me don’t you Willbur Will:….  ..
as someone living in ireland i can confirm, the skies are always grey, all of the time, have never seen the sun
I could tell only 4 or 5 animators out of them all. This video was funny, but the funniest part is that it had to be clarified that it is illegal to date your sibling in the U.K, which I think should be illegal in every country/state tbh
funniest thing is my dad went to college in ireland at the same place you and yo girlfriend went to💀💀
0:38 I’m surrounded by idiots
LMAOOOO JACK MADE A BURGER
You went to Northern!! Ireland
So many animators..
E
@Icecreansandwich I mean no rudeness but you're just caught me off guard 0:30
tommy doesn't have a girlfriend (you also went to the worst part of ireland, northern ireland)
I live in lreland :D
Even the titanic Museum didn't want tommyinnt
0:00 = Haminations  0:34 = Swoosh (Ones I know for now)
did braison did it
0:41 la' manburg flag
Please do one of these with how you met molly!
It's kind of cool seeing all the different animators style's changing through out the video
We got Haminations, we infamous swoosh, odd 1 out!?!??. You have the dream team
Lets go Sad-ist
0:49 why do I like this turbo clip
K bye
3:50 me like 2 to 3 times a day                      u really wanna know? coca-
tommy just merged every animators
I just want to say the fact that you can get a girlfriend. And I have a girlfriend that literally Proves that the impossible is possible like holy Shit
I love seeing every art style, i think that odd1sout was the best tho
I knew it was you from like one second lol
When i saw the animation i knew haminations helped
WAIT HAMINATIONS?!!?!?
2:52
This video was school both the story and the others youtuber animation style keep up the good work!!
who's the pixel art person?
bro said "my American viewers might not get this but in the UK its illegal to date your siblings" LMFAO ITS ONLY ALABAMA WE SWEAR.
i recanice peoples art :)
Yep I know it was ham draws
Bros acting like it’s legal to date your siblings in the US. No we don’t talk about Alabama
As an Irsih person. Your welcome.
1:01
Thought he was gay…
i just can't with how george was like a rabid beast when tommy was holding him
Huh
DO MORE OF THESE
We want more collabs with idiots and stupid animations😂😂😂
I new the animations looked similar I watch haminations a lot:D
You can easily tell witch part icecreamsandwitch animated 😂
how did you did not swaiy tommy
Spool funny that hamnation was riping off Tommy in his short vids
awesome video
0:52 R.I.P TubNet 🥲
4:33 tommy speaking facts 😂
Hello i will not be notesed
U no gay?
This is absolutely hilarious 🤣
It's crazy how you can get jack in a wig to look like that that must have taken some serious effort good job
its the fact that i can recognize EVERY SINGLE art style and who it was animated by
I love how his outro music it's "jump in a cadillac" 7:10
4:33 HIS WHAT
Guys, WAP means, Worship And Pray. Please don’t search.
pls make more animation videos  its really cool and really addicting
Wow I’m suprized that haminations didn’t murder anyone in his little animating session at the start
Kinda crazy I watch all of the animators that helped him
HAMINATIONS WOOHOOO
Shut up Tommy, everybody knows you get no bitches
I live in Ireland and we have 4 seasons in one day so we're not too popular and worst of all you went to 😢northern Ireland 😢 which is the worst place on earth
3:04 I do mind
The fact he said George went to see his ‘husband’😂
If I was George, I would be TERRIFIED *PETRIFIED* YOU COULD SAY
omg icecreamsandwich, sadist, james n cuptoast im gonna explode
5:08 Perfection
It is the same in America
Biretish
Wa?
6:46 warning for irish
SWEET HOME ALABAMA
/Subscribe tommys dream
Should’ve gone to jack’s or Sean’s
5:55 Mr. Beast moment XD (nah jokes just kidding)
I knew it was you
👇 those who fucking died😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I hate the way he’s hating on Ireland :( I’m from Belfast and it makes me sad, AND THAT IS NOT WHAT BELFAST PEOPLE SOUND LIKE! And it’s not gray and places are always open. I liked him but now, no 👎
no one i talking about how this looks like haminations old animation style
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED SADIST ART
I like toes too😊
I hope I don’t offend anyone from Alabama there coming for *runs* I need to get to the bunker GO GO GO for legal reasons this is a joke
In the u.s of a we also do not date our siblings just don’t ask Alabama
I could tell which ones were Brysons animating and the odd1out’s animations
5:13 ....very ironic.
TUBBO WHAT DID THE POOR DOOR DO TO YOU😭😭😭 0:52
as an american   don't date family.... pls i beg of you, just don't.
em is too good for you lmao😭😭her patience for you is just beyond/hj
You olmost as good as bryson
break up
Did you sing the divorce papers
Jack septic eye
At the start, and switched from emanations to to swoosh
😂.
Once I played this video I was not expecting HAMINATIONS drawing styel
Once I played this video I was not expecting HAMINATION affects
I already knew it was haminations and swoosh that animated this ngl
Little boy
0:01 haminations  0:33 infamous swoosh 1:22 iscreamsandwitch and the rest idk
I LIKE HOW TOMMYINNITS CHARACTER SWITCHED TO THE ARTIST DRAWING STYLE XDD
My dude changes the style it’s Soo cool thechnoblade never dies😇😇
Ligma
4:13 Tommy: She's my sister.  4:21 Waiter: wth.. sweet home alabama??
😂
i love how almost very comment starts with i love how
I live in Ireland
GeorgeNotFound👎 DadNotFound👍
Very cool to see how Sad-Ist went from working on videos about the Dream SMP to now being able to collaborate with them! So cool!
I’m pretty sure Freddy just trying to sabotage you
So wait your telling me hamination and tommyinnit worked together ok didn,t expected that im not even  kidding literrally
Tommy, lemme tell ya, im not American but i know this, some states, you can marry your step sibling, since you two are not related.
belfast, isn't in ireland...
You should have said SHUT THE F************CK UP
Tommy I think they would not let you in because your British
did you buy hamination animation or what
Omg that person can be this good omg
if you're familiar with an art stile here you know who drew it
Buh dum a dum. Yep.
Imagine GeorgeNotFound saw this video and heard Tommy call dream George’s husband, that is so hilarious.
Hi
I first thought theoddonesout  would be animating this but then i got greeted by haminations animation!
Irish people are closed on Saturdays becauee thets the only day we get a break and so what if the skys gray thats or normal sky coulour its just clouds and theres a bunch of happy animals
Irish people who where offended  👇
0:23 are u shure u aren’t Bryson himself? You are acting like him in this animation.😂
I only recognize 4 of the animators designs. -1 Haminations, also known as, THE HAM KING -2 IceCreamSandwich, I love ur videos, from another ADHD YouTuber -3 theodd1sout, luv ur videos, my fav animator -4 InfamousSwoosh, animating legend IDK the others, sry
Tommy is the number 1 dnf shipper.. 😂
Dublin is much nicer
normal ireland better than fake ireland (trust)
As an irishman, the burger was deliberate
This animation is pretty, hammy…
Hey Tommy
Hamininninnit
**married to Tubbo** HEY GUYS THis IS MY REAL ACTUAl GIRLFRIEND ((tommy please, you are married))
Too much animations gave me an headache
Bruh he copied 2 youtubers.
Go on Tommy go on never stop but that’s on you and I see why jack and a bunch of story time animators worked with you and I wish i can go on but keep up the good work
6:47  jack!?!!?
I instantly knew its haminations style also odd1outs style thumbnail
freddy shut it
I recognize the animal nation from anywhere hammunitions
Aha! I new animation was familiar, good work ham!
this video is a... M.A.P?!?!?!?!    maybe
How to get  tommi amimatet do a bryson haircut  change blue shirt to red
"jump in the cadillac" OH MY GOD TOMMY i love you the final music :)
Toooooooooooomy  inniiiiiiiiiiiiiit
.
0:16 DELTARUNE REFERENCE IN THE FIRST 20 SECONDS LETS GOOOOOO
i love how i can see whos art style it is
HAMIMAMITIOMS
do that to his girlfriend. just talk about breaking up with each other
IDK why I'm replaying Gogy's scene several times
This is haminaians work
I love this video.
Omg
Yo one of my fav youtuber
Bryson!?
THE ANIMATION FELT SIMILAR TO ANOTHER YOUTUBER I LOVE
I love how the art style changes
POOR JACKSEPTICEYE xd
4:33 HIS HUSBAND LMAO I CAN CONFIRM
Theodd1sout thumbnail😂😂
Why Tommy was no Animation channel
Nerdy kids get goofy ahh girl
ITS THE JUMP IN THE CADILLAC GUY
Jackepticeye popping in was my favorite part
Pretty funny cool
7:07IS THAT MILK MAN/danii REFERENCE
I KNEW HAMINATIONS DID THE DRAWINGS🔥🔥🔥
In America it is implied surprised it’s not a law
Sweet home alabama
I mean shure it's not illegal, but if you have sexual reproduction with your sibiling then i think it's illegal
Haminations im big fan
I love how at the end, jump in the Cadillac plays
Where were you in Belfast!?
OMG HAMINATIONS AND THODD1SOUT (The only people I know who worked with you) COLLABED FOR A VIDEO AMAZING
@Matthewmosku
bro gorge reaction was um idk i think he still thinks that u are dating ur sister🤣🤣
Hi
That’s why it looks like haminations
Yes sirrr this is fiiirreeeee 🔥 🔥
jack being the irish dude really got me lol
dream not georges wife
I knew 5 of these animators ☻
Did you guys see how the animation gets the same did anyone see the defrets
This was made by like only 2 animators I subscribed to
"just before moving to florida to go be with his husband"
Freddy came out swinging
I KNEW ONE WAS BRYSON
Bro looks like Bryson wow
That was the funniest video I EVER SEEN. I LOVED IT 😍😍😍😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Is this haminations animating this?
As an Irishman I know Belfast is a shitter
freddy faz bear loves talking bout break ups
This video feels like the pen and paper version of LumpyTouch
First story  Guy worst ask dumb question Three reason  First He see her and thing about her Second he not need to know you're relationship with her Third if he ask need to need know   All state is legal to date siblings
Northern or the rest of Ireland?
LUMPY WORKED ON THIS!?!
This happens when I meet other people
It switch’s to different animators it’s so funny
you vids look like that ham guy vids
6:58 jack is my spirit animal I swear
Hey there's zelba music I believe! Second time I've found Zelda music in some of your content
Tommy your animation is like Bryson's animation's
1:43 dude this is so true my brother just broke up with his gf and now he’s depressed lol ( I dont think he actually is depressed )
Is it me or did this video have a different thumbnail?
he kept switching animation styles i love it
Nice
i saw tommyinnit in popeyes once
i live in ireland :o
People who saw Odd1sout and Haminations 👇
h-haminations
Bye the hair and totally not hams comment i can confirm its the odd 1s out working with u jk ham if u see this im one of ur biggest fansever
I knew it you look like bryon
I saw this I was like wait a minute Bryson aka haminatiobss I look in the comments HAM😂
What y’all did to George gotta be the most out of pocket, funniest sh!t i have ever seen😂
I love how bro says, "you american might not understand this but dating you sister is illegal" 💀💀💀
Jacksepticeye
Good job Haminations!!!
that was something
Wait i thought you are gay
OMG THE TECHNOBLATE FIGURE ON THE BACKGROUND RIP
Yea something told me that haminations what is here bc the first pare the eyes and the hair 😂😂😂
I LOVE THISS REHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHE
100% convinced odd1sout made the thumbnail
WAIT A SEC HAMINATIONS MUST BE IN THIS
6:47 Wasn’t expecting JACK to be in this but ok
bro is turning into    @hanimations
That’s just weird the picture of the video man
2:37 LUMPY TOUCH
IM SO DAMN HAPPY THAT A GAMING YOUTUBER FINALLY WENT SOMEWHERE I ACTUALLY I LIVE( i live in belfast)
you don’t photosynthesize like us NORMAL people?
Damn.
you stole hamnations style
looks like hamimations/j
Immediately recongnized pfp as Jake and the first animations as Haminations
This is like tommy going thru all the dimensions and like canon events but instead it’s animation
That’s only for some of America
r.p.n
I KNOW THIS TYPE OF ART FROM THE FIRST LOOK
Good 👍🏻 video
I’m a big fan of you hammersley nations
why you call bryson sexy huh dont bleave me pause at 0:31
Every single time Ireland is involved jack is involved and it is amazing 🤣🤣
Bk have it your way 🍔🍔
O
I live in NI, Belfast and a couldn’t put it a better way apart from the accent is horrible that’s a southern accent
The amount of Animations from different YouTubers I see is wild this comment will not get over 10 likes
2:02 looks like icecreamsandwich did it
I love the YouTubers that worked on this
Dude the haminations animation style suits you man.
Like if you know who else uses this kind of animation
Tommy needs more animated videos this is great
honestly, the other way i can think of a relationship ending is one of the lovers dying, but that's not gonna happen for a LONG TIME so your good :D
Not any offense.. this is waaaaay to British, like "hello mAte cAn I hAve a glAss of wuo'er"
Привет translate!
Hamtoinos style
Nice stories
What... Don't judge me, is George gay?
When I saw the leprechaun hats I was offended
Ham
2:42 it's him
Jump in a Cadillag×100
Ok
The moment i watched this vidio i knew haminations was involved 😂
Haminations or theOdd1sOut and dare is proof on 0:30
Ham good job
why does the  animation looks like another youtuber animation lol
HAMINATIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!
LUMPY THE UNDERGARF DUDE WHERE ARE YOU
i all know the youtubers who animated this vid💀
DADZAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jackseptieye
Not the Bruno mars song in the background
i liked the animation with Wilbur and da animation to ireland
0:30
Thanks for da tips
I was guessing this was haminations animation
love the jump in the caddalac instrumental at the end
4:00 bro it's illegal in the US too
i love how i get to see my favorite animatior's  animate one of my favorite youtubers
HA!
0:31 "Sexy" 💀
Oh my gosh you’re my favorite animater
WHY IS JACK IN EVERYTHING THAT HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITJ IRELEND IN IT
4:33 *_husband_*
6:46 I can’t stop laughing at this
6:20 maybe that was something you guys did you rat english shits lots of love me <3
IRELANDDDDDDD
Just normal bryson with his background and some little(a lot)of Tommy humor 😂 and I also think it’s odd that Wilbur acted like that that is so halarious
Bro is hamnations
Was the first part made by haminations?
I KNEW BRYSON WAS IT THIS
theodd1sout one is so good
TOMMYINNT MOVIE LOL 0:00
HOW MANY ARTSTYLES  ARE IN THIS VIDEO
ham
Wellcom to Irland(^_^;)
ik 3 of the 10 animators
He wants to make sure she’s a good fit for you (edit: with George and dream-) (Edit 2: THIS COMMENT AGED SO BADLY)
I almost dated a girl once. She rejected me
4:04  It’s the same in America
Hamations
Does She Know that she's dating a Married man? Does she know that she's The Other Woman!
GOD DAMMIT TOMMY YA COULD HAVE TOLD ME YOUR GOING TO NORTHERN IRELAND WE COULD LITERALLY SERVE YOU UP SPAGHETTI BOLOGNESE OR SOMETHING.  bruh.
I AM SCREAMING. HAMINATIONS AND TOMMY WORKING TOGETHER!?!?!?!?!?! CUPTOAST, SAD-IST INFAMOUSSWOOSH, THEODD1ISOUT IN ONE VIDEO
Omg the best collab ever
hamination"s one was the best
“Agh balls” Had me dying and ⟟ do not know why😂
Are you still together?
Hate to break it to you Tommy but Belfast is almost always that way
BRO COPY THE HAMMITION
How many likes does this video have
Your animation looks like a rip off of hammimation
0:29 bro haminations I watch him
Why copying animators
Did anyone notice his animating Skills kind a look like the channel animations
Hay if our defense (america), that’s only Alabama. The rest of us are perfectly and definitely not dating any of our siblings anywhere outside of the state.
georgenotfound just bf moving to florida to be with his husband ****shows dream*****💀💀💀💀
Where is ham
Bryson why did you help him make an animation?
I LOOOVE THE ANIMATION CHANGE, I WASN'T REALLY A TOMMY FAN, BUT THIS, THIS MAY HAVE JUST TURNED A STONE OR TWO
the ending song it's really good... jump in the cadillac
5:59 Tommy is is banned from any other place in the UK 😂😂😂😂😂
All the murder is still in the hanimations.
4:33 LOL DNF
Jump in the Cadillac in the end 💀
Ey haminations was in there
Me, seeing that my favorite animators (odd1sout, icecreamsandwich, sad-ist) helped make this video: :DD
What about timtom?!
I see mr here it comes
It look like  habitation  drow this
This looks like haminations
My favourite youtuber that made a song is here:)
i love the chainge of the animation style from drawings to pixel and others
When I looked at the ғʀᴏɴᴛ ᴄᴏᴠᴇʀ ɪ ᴛʜᴏᴜɢʜᴛ ɪᴛ ᴡᴀs ᴛʜᴇ ᴏᴅᴅᴏɴᴇᴏᴜᴛ
Damnit now i cant say he has no BITCHES
i love how the first i see the vide- HAMINATIONS STYLE
I live in ireland but yeah somtimes its like that
sorry i said at the first
tommy animation character is look like haminations
Bro got the animator avengers
4:44 magnificent
Haminatons
haminations or tommyinnit i dunno
04:32 BRO I STARTED WHEEZING
I loved this, you tommy, actually get me to laugh out loud when watching stuff and it surprises me everytime
6:46 true irish gentleman
Why does the crumb version of Wilbur look like th guy in mob pshyco (I don't know how to spell the orange haired guys name)
When I went to Belfast it was actually really good so you’re unlucky
the animation is like scribblejuices animation or whoever that girl or boy who has the same jairstyle as him😢😂
is this haminations art stye
What about JaidenAnimations? She’s my favorite animator YouTuber!!
Please do more animations🎉🎉
4:01 lmao 😂😂😂
Hamnation wish
I am irish
Funny how his art style just keeps on changing to a specific youtubers art style that is so recognisable
What he is not gay
Esse vídeo é muito bom
This look like hamnitaion or some I like you more(not in a sus way) also big fan
I love how in the haminations part, you can see haminations personality of violence and humor.
I love all the different styles!
Why did I burst out laughing when he said George was gonna meet Dream   What the fuck is wrong with me
I KNEW HAMINATIONS WOULD ANIMATE THIS
Haminations more like haminatetommy
This reminds me of Haminations
Not going to lie but he kind of copied every YouTubers animation style
when the Ireland story came up I genuinely thought Tom was gonna say that they invaded jacksepticeye's house to get fed
H H HAMINEYSHENS
That’s literally an haminations video and others but Amazing 🤩
waow
This is a hamlet hammermation's revolved
Where is the mod vids
Hamanimations?
Aw man some of my favorite animators helped in this one and i didnt even see  this video existed!! :D
HAM
IS THAT FROM OTHER YT
It looks like hamanashon
Hello Jonathan it me from league of stick
6:44  “sjfbdidjsnavdbdjsdjdjs what ever ya want now”
Omg the coffee prank park reminded me of theodds1out sub way vids
It’s so cool to see all my favorite animators styles in one vid
It looks like hamination
You need new friends
1:21 ice cream sandwich detected 3:19 crumb detected
wait he got his girlfriend to his apartment on the first date  0:44
I've been to Ireland once and it wasn't all gray and shitty burgers.  But I went there with my cousin. Maybe that was your mistake?
Hanimatioms that you? /j
I love how I can see the animation style changing throughout the video to reflect the individual styles of the different animators that worked on this
The hamaion style
Sooo coollll!
Wilber has a trauma on girlfriends I guess lmao
HAMAMATIONS?? THEODDONESOUT?? CUBTOAST??? GOLLY CRAP CRUMBS HERE 3:19 CRUMBS ANIMATED PLACE 6:44 jack speaks irissh?
0:00 hello
The animation looks like haminations
Ahhh yes it went so well I would almost say perfect
Ngl this kinda looks like hamnations
Its confirmed lads Girls like gamers
Green hat means cheated by their partner in Chinese
I. The first bit, I was like,” IS THIS HAMINATIONS?” Edit: I believe it was
… I see that married tubbo video… tommy… you know what you must do
Hmmmm why it's like ham animation ??
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Sad-ist!!!!!!!!!
WAIT TOMMY WAS IN MY CAPITAL CITY I WISH I WAS IN BELFAST AT THE TIME U WERE and if you ever visit northern ireland again go to newtownards its a town with a really big shopping centre with kfc/del pieros/mcdonalds and more
I live in ireland so im very offened ':(
Gigs just sees this vid and now knows
Is it me or are you in haminations style? (For the first few minutes/seconds)
As an American I have to say that dating your own family thing is strictly for Alabama.   I think.
YOU HAVE A SISTAH?
Haminations’ art style is so instantly recognizable
3:25
Best animater for him is probs haminations
haminations?
𝕋𝕙𝕒𝕥'𝕤 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕤𝕒𝕞𝕖 𝕚𝕟 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕌𝕊 4:00
TOMMY hamimation Animated it SORRY😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 And Brody animations😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
7:06  Technoblade hypicel refrence?
@RobertIDK
AS SOMEONE FROM IRELAND , I CAN SAY THIS IS VERY VERY VERY TRUE.
Looks like a haminations Video
I an irish
I am irish
"uh balls" best line ever
U got Bryson and James and swoosh in dis vid
4:30
Haminations be like
diz one look like animation
Looks like Haminations art style
Ofc @haminations .-.
I KNEW HAMINATIONS EAS HERE
Also your title looks like the odd1sout again. Kinda think you copied then again but I think at least you got there permission
Why does your video look like haminations animated I’m suspicious of you I think you c	opied
animated by - Haminations
Ham
I think they just mad u git a gf and they didnt lmfao
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED HAMIMATION IN THE BEGINNING
4:32 WHAT DID HE JUST SAY XDDD
Northern ireland is ireland, he admits it
i thought tommyinnit did not get any bi-
Haminations helped lol
OMG TOMMYINNIT HAMINATION REEL?!
is it Bryce and do this animation
Bro by the thumbnail I actualy thought this was theodd1sout.
just looking at this i could tell haminations was in it
Hammination
I feel like you learned this from haminations
I love how he chose some of the most violent animators
Just don't go to Northern Ireland it's not the good part of Ireland just go the Dublin
Nopoopop
Monpe
:()
😢
Yes
No😊
Tatti
this reminds me or icecream sandwich :)
Holy shit the lumpy touch segment was. Fire
haminations two point o
I was like why does the first part is like hanimations till I realised
4:36 NAHH TOMMY SHITS DNF?!?!?!?!
THE OUTRO MUSIC SHOULD HAVE BEEN "Jump in the cadillac"
I've been in Belfast alot I live like 20 miles away
Did you get the details from Haminations
Ha the next philza
7:03 as a Irish person I can relate
please dont say the lords name in vain
I can realize that it changes between the different animators’ styles
3:52  “Why?” Just Wilbur being an older brother.
Love the animation
If only she met techno
5:46
YO HAMINATIONS ANIMATED THIS
Tommy I used this on my girlfriend thank you
Bro coped hamanatans
It’s Northern Ireland that is bad not the rest of Ireland
The animation looks like hamanimation animations
"The following, my American viewers might not understand: In England, it is illegal to date your sibling." ...You guys need the law to tell you not to do that?
Every time it changes to another Youtubers animation style
1:14 best part
Tommy Hahahahaha no no no ko so 👁👄👁
love how the animation style changed about 929338 times
Haminations, James and so many others, me as an animator fan, I am so entertained
I know that you did this haminations
I starting like you copied ham animations A little bit
@icecreamsandwich it's misspelled :(
I like how the thumbnail is looks like theodd1s out
Is this the same art style haminations uses? OH IT IS AND TONS OF OTHERS
I knew it dat hamanimation was there is knew it
watching this and seeing my favorite animation yts art styles is amazing
yassir
Odd ones out sitle
Tommy should just consider himself lucky one of Wilbur’s questions wasn’t what are your thoughts on anteaters
Hey guys did you know 50% of relation ships end in breakups-
2:29 HECK YAH LUMPY TOUCH YEÁAAAAAAAAH
hamination like animated
Tommy it is only alabama where you are aloud to date your sister/brother
tubbo has a spot? on your sofa?
Haminations,infemosswoosh and odd 1s out
you copied haminations and theodd1sout art
How's animation is that 3:31 i like it
NO WAY LUMPY TOUCH ANIMATED ON THIS VIDEO? THATS SICK BRO
ok, now i know not to go to ireland ever in my life
Every animator i new instantly
Deaf
Tommyinit:BUGHFJFHFRHFHFggFHGDHRWHATISWRONGWITHYOU!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
that be jack spe dicey
Haminations???
Poor Gogy😢
WIAT YOU GOT DIFFERENT ANIMATORS FOR-EACH STORY
I'm watching haminations
I like how the style changes
Do u love your girlfriend?
BRO GOT EVERY FAMOUS ANIMATION YOUTUBER
Bryson
yoooooooooooooo
so many animating styles
You need better friends man
lol i love all the youtuber styles in here!
Ive been laughing so hard at this video🥲 I LOVE  IT ! The burger scene was funny!
1:46 WHY FREDDY?! *WHYYYYYYYY—*
WHAT LUMPY TOUCH HELPED
Tommyinit haminations
*happy noises*
I noticed the different animators that did this
Basingstoke and Reading I know those places?
animation
This is like haminations
I love that Wilber being the older brother to Tommy interrogates Tommy’s girlfriend like an actual sibling would do😂
Just by the art style i could tell who they were lmao
It looks like Bryson animate
outro song thats what i like in filter
I instantly knew haminations help tommyinnit
aint nobody gona talk about lumpytouch art style?
I knew they did all of it one way I could tell it was Bryson was because of the art style
Bros Hamanimations to the next level
This looks a lot like Bryson channel
i think he spit in the burger midway making it
This is pretty similar to haminations
4:29 "To be with his husband"   I cackled
Tom... It always rains in Northern Ireland. And we are British.
BRYSON WOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOO
Me when summer ends 1:33
You calpt with brin
0:13 i love that he dances like ralsei lol (🤓)
Killed a female, feeling good
Bro this is haminashion
bro turned into haminations AAA-
Dude this is so like bryson
0:46  snorlax.
Bryson style
Hamnations
Copy of hamination
bro minecrafed
The best part is when wilbur just causally raises the baseball bat-
freddy is a menace
bryson's team animated this
Why dose everything look like hammation
Oh I m sorry
She copy animation character
love swoosh
Wait George is Dreams husband?
Hi there. :3
when i heard i was dating my sister(so i thought) i fliped out i was like w...wha...wait what!!! dont worry i heard it was a prank,but im an african american that is white(just to the idots who are racits)knew what this meant:)
E
You did NOT hire the man that started the imsorryjon trillogy
Bro looks like bryson😂
art style by hami- nvm
Bro is Bryson
Me: Tommy you prob asked haminations to help draw these- Also me: oh wait there’s more how do they have this cool style- 4:29 bro this version is epic and this style was used in “Tommy joined the game”
This looked soo much like hamanations
0:32 is my favorite
4:02 oh you rat bastard what the fuck
bro copied the animation style of like 10 animaters
hamination helped woooo
ahhh i love that sadist joined in for this
are you gonna kill people?
The story with Wilbur reminded so much of my and brothers and when I started dating!  😂😂🤣🤣😂😂
this annimation looks like hammination videos
Also credit to bryson cus this a copy
This looks like the haminations art style
Haminations copy
You used the best animators for this project ALSO as a Irish yes yes it is quite uneasy there
As from Northern Ireland Belfast is gray
Well in America but Alabama it is also illegal to date your siblings
HAMINATIONSS
This was 6 MONTHS AGO!!???!??!??
What first I was like wait brais
Bro, got ham nations to do this let’s go!
Next time trying to the other 25 good counties lol
Why is it like hamanation
Hamintions art style xd
SADIST WAS IN THERE
Bro really just copy and pasted haminations’ animation style Edit: he stole everyones animation style
this is amazing hes using every animation style of every famous animation yt
2:43 this is definitely LumpyTouch
watched this for 5 seconds and knew Haminations had something to do with it
This is Hamination art style!!!!!
NO WAY CRUMB ANIMATED FOR TOM
Isn't Tommy's currently molly
we love to see icecreamsamwich in there!
Oh, we’re talking about sweet Houma, Alabama
Rip to girlinnit…lord knows if they break up the Internet will find every single thing about her and eats her alive
must be a very loyal girlfriend
I could see the ice cream sandwich humor in there
This some how is same to haminations
BRYSON!
BRO
Haminaions?
Damn all these animators its fun to see how much there is
Ham?
I love all of thos guys
No way
haminations aka bryson: were did i see this before?
This literally looks another YouTuber, you literally just stole the art style Hamnations or something like that
It just looks like a rip off version of haminations and if you dont know who's haminations just look it up
Why does this animation looks like Haminations animation style
i refuse to believe tommyinnit has a girlfriend
There is no funny in the I thought you said every tidal have funny🫠
When I saw the art style I knew Bryson was here 🎉🎉 keep up the good work
Hamanation's having a breakdown animating this (ARGH-)
these are animation styles form other animation ytubers
I am not a kid show. I don’t know what else to say but I’m not gonna say anything bad words because YouTube there’s no power because I don’t want to say it but I’m not a kid I’m gonna
I like how the art styles change into different youtuber styles over time as the video goes om
Now my friend Wilbur is like a brother to me 😢 yk he makes me you know he beat me up HES A GOOD GUY.
WHAT THE WORST BURGER IN THE WORLD?????????
can u enter in aphmaus server
I KNEW THIS KINDA GAVE ME ODD1SOUT!
oop
who animated this
I can recognize a bryson animation when i see one and the first bit was very much bryson
U cupy
why does this look like haminations animating style Edit: I commented this before seeing the animator list and holy fuck I was right
Bro hammination brodyanimates icecreamsamwich and stuff
made by haminations i assume edit: ok i just readed the desc.
It's reminding me of hamination
you didnt want to animate yourself you FOUND RANDOM POPULAR YOUTUBERS FROM THE INTERNET LIKE HAMINATIONS TO ANIMATE FOR YOU AND EVERY MINUTE YOU CHANGE IT WHAT THE F TOMMY
Are you guys still dating?
If you look very closely you can see a ham from haminations
The fact he thinks Northern Ireland is part of Ireland is actually hilarious. I live in Ireland and Belfast is actually part of Britain, Ha ha… so umm, yeah don’t make that mistake👍✨🇮🇪 (Also is pronounced Our-lind, doesn’t matter if it’s spelt I-R-E-L-A-N-D, that’s how it’s pronounced, just clearing that up too)
It's illegal to date your sister or any of your relatives✌
Where tf in Belfast where they for everything to be closed 💀💀💀
i love complexlyross's art
I live in belfast
3:54 dude he is being good friend. he cares with how good woman u got
I love this.
Bro he is Stealing  haminations whole flow 💀💀
haminations is one of ur best member his animations are so good
Literally just Britain 6:15
So now i know where @InfamousSwoosh has been doing i see.  (Its a joke i love InfamousSwoosh)
Bruh Tommy you can just meet Philza your mate
4:43 this looks like a nick cartoon
4:00 @ Tommy, I'm pretty sure its illegal in the USA too.
Looks like hamantions the other guy odds1out
At the end isn't that the jump in the Cadillac meme
ITS THE HAMANATION STYLE
1:19 best part
O my fing god the animaton i never thaut i would so one so good ur the 2nd best  the best is hamitations
That ham
4:40--5:15 best scene in the whole video
couple goals = pranking waiters by thinking youre committing sweet home alabama
wilbur wanted to know where to get a new supplier
As a person who lives in Ireland this is 100 percent truee
The intro literally know that's a copy cat on ham animetion 💀💀
Your animation is like brysons from haminations i tought you copied him until i saw that you credited them
What does this look like haminations
all kinds animators style lol
4:02 wait what in America siblings can date…..I have no need for that information at all and am definitely not going to use that information to win against saying dating my blood relatives is ok
You betrayed *The Boys* ... ;-;
I am mediately when I saw the artwork for this video I was like wait did ham and Asians help animate this
I see whi it looks like haminations
i love how i knew who it was when they animated
Do you think america is the same as china like bru
ay the odd1sout and icecream sandwich hell yeeahhh
Looks like a copy
Jokes on you I know who animated this in the first part
Haminasi
I thought it looked. Like hanumations was involved
👁👄👁    are u paying her?
He definitely takes thsi from hamnatons
Odds1out thumbnail type😅
i like the change in art styles
Bro everyone put there styles and then just drew tommyinit instead of them very nice
I’m sorry… “George stops by on his way while going to his boyfriend” 😭💀
Reminds me of haminations
I knew that hamenasons made a part of it
Hey Tammy and I need your help
Your copy bien
This is my favorite video bow
'just before he went to Florida, to go be with his husband' had me on the floor in tears!
And you stole the Oddballs Animation!!!!!!!!
And you stole ice cream sandwiches animation
Did you steal haminations animation
His coping hamintions swoosh
Omg you went to Ireland I live there ❤❤❤
How many times did the animation chance
3:50 1000 is the answer
Tommy saying priceless fells wrong
lucky I'll never get a gf
Is animations look like ham hamanations
4:33
Rhoda just like habitation Canary cartoon in YouTube
The start 💀
1:43 bursted into laughter😂😂😂😂
un likely for belfast to be closed ON A SATURDAY?!?!?!?!?! should of went to ballymena
I have to be completely honest here i believe tommeh and molleh are the cutest couple its very cute
i knew haminations will be there
0:31 anyone else notify the s£xy besides me? 😬
Bro went to my home country, insulted our cuisine. AND I DIDNT EVEN GET TO SAY:           "Yea you right"
Brighton FC
5:03 DIABOLICAL💀💀💀
i love how it switches throu art style and i knew from beggining it was haminations ar style and i knew one was theodd1aout art style too this vid is amazing my favorate animators and tommy
Bro bryson did good with the animation
4:33 Tommyinnit the biggest DNF shipper 😭
Ok.
hamow se
oh wait nevermind
Wait your not gay?
I can tell hamonations made the start intro animation
Hes animating like haminations
His animation reminded me oh haminations
Just by the start animated I knew who it was 😂
All of my fave animators helped! Except Jaiden! 😢 *child crying noises while I need to pee and my cat is kneading on my bladder*
The animation reminds me of haminations
The fact that Haminations/Broson animated the first part is shocking! ITS AMAZING :)
His intro he was turning into haminations
Ayo
And Odd1sout
Looks like haminations
Ok hamination and imfomas swoosh
Lol this is best tips ever    (I’m a girl and these still awesome tips) 😅❤😊
I'm irish and I'm from louth go to Central next tommy
0:48 Animal crossing twin sisters
4:11 Oddonesout
1:24 Ice cream sandwich comics
1:02 Infamous swoosh
0:12 Hamanations
i love how all the animators that helped you on this have their respective art still in the vid.Keep it up!
i like the haminations art style\
Вахуи.
H A H A H A HA  classic tubbo..
ranboo: ooo this is (love? no.) depression~ mmmmm.."
:O :° :O :° HUUUH-
this looked like Haminations  and ood1sout mixed
This looks like a haminations vid
Sean did his part well.
Oh, come on every time your freaking videos, your art style changes into a simile or
Your dumb nails are like James animations, and your video editing is like Bryson??
Of course was northern iireland I am in ireland just not northern so my one way of meeting...  it went to the ground so yepeee cuayay
3:54 AND I NEED FRIENDS LIKE WILLBUR
Hey I live in Ireland but Belfast is bad 😂
SAD-IST
Ice cream sandwich
L rizz
also it looks like the oddonesout
this looks like haminatons
Pls do it again soon 🎉
I love this we got laminations on the Tommy and ice cream sandwich  even infamous swoossshhhhh
Come to Carlow next in your Ireland trips (if you come again)
Wow you message haminations? Thats one of my fav youtubers   Edit:pls just reply me
That's hamnination
I love you tommy but your anamations look like hanamations
''JUST BEFORE MOVING TO FLORIDA TO GO BE WITH HIS HUSBAND''
2:55 looks like lumpytouch's animation thingy thing thing
my mind was like '' this looks like a haminations animation *checks desc.* hmm yes i thought so ''
Looks like Hamanition did this
where haminations
TOMMY PULLED??              Update i found out its a actor
I could've waited about 10 seconds to figure out what the Frick was going on
That looks alot like haminations art style and I love it
Haminations Clone ngl
how many people understod that irish man?
haminationnnnssssss animination
good.
I watched SPECIFICALLY for Sad-ist
Wait what hammy is one of the animaters
OOOOOHHH HNOOOOO THANK YOU VERY COOL DANI REFRENCE HE GONNA SUE
9:11😊
4:28
Examinations style of animation
WAIT DID HAMINATION ANIMATE THIS???
Excuse u Tommy. U went to Northern Ireland we both know people don’t have a Irish  accent they have a ✨northern Ireland ✨ accent- but he’s not wrong about the greyness it’s very grey here 🙈
Haminations & tommy collab?
As soon as i started this vid right away i knew it was haminations style 👇 haminations fans
Animated Tommy 😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Is this by hanimations
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS WHAEN I SAW THE START!!
this looks like haminations  animation
3:53 NOT THE SHINJI-
You take the animation from HAMINATONS 🚩🚩🤬🤬
Hamination Fans: This Animation is so familiar
😂
the first part of the video looks like a lot of hammynations animation style
Is this Bryson or tommy
made by haminations?
3:54 OMG IS THAT THEODD1OUT
Yeah ummmmm I should’ve told you tell me Belfast is a very dead city in Ireland don’t go there zero out of 10 would not recommend
Haminations: 0:00  Swosh: 0:33  ICSandwich: 1:21  LumpyT: 2:30  Crumb: 3:20 TO1S: 3:56 ComplexlyR: 4:29  AdamX: 5:18  Checkers: 5:55 SADisfied: 6:37
I'VE SEEN AND WATCHED ALL OF THESE ANIMATORS
Haminations 2.o lol 😂
The fact that he said “I don’t know if you Americans will understand but in England it’s a illegal to date your siblings” 😂
the style started as hanimations and changes
This is so funny
Bro a, gonna go to Ireland for the first time and now when you say that all is grey and now am fucking scared 💀
This does look exactly like haminations style, just saying
Wow this animation art style kinda looks familiar
Wow
Did Bryson animate this
I love how much different animators there are drawing this story
This art style is just like him and nations
I instantly knew haminations made it, that's his animation style!!! That's cool Edit: Different styles, even better!!!!!
I know whose art style this is
I KNEW THIS WAS TO DO WITH HAMATIONS
Bro changes art stile
Bro has same art stile ass hammynatiobs
i love animation
Haminations is a GOAT w intro
Did you just call Ireland apart of the Uk? That's like saying Canada is apart of USA
I thought this was a Collab with Bryson and Tommy lol
You should have went to Galway instead
the sigma animators  gang
Huh I expected lumpy’s part would be more…grotesque
hehe i like when george goes crazy😂 4:30
YOU COPIED YOU COPIED BRYSON ANIMATION
I love how theres so much of my favorite animators in this and I named every animation First was haminations second was infamous third was icecream sandwich  and 6th was theodd1sout
pov you are very happy haminations is in it
hanimations animated this cool epik
@theodd1sout makes cool animations
@TheOddIsOut makes very good animations
Tommy I'm irish😂          Bitch
Real?
You're in Northern Ireland, it's a part of the UK you're not in Ireland
Did haminations animate this
I really had to turn on subtitles on this to understand💀 6:44
🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐
i fckin died ngl
that's a lot of types of animations!
Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
Thought this was haminations for a sec
This is copied by nominations
Ireland and northern ireland are very much different countries
This is one of the funniest coolest diverse annimated videos ive ever seen. amazing I was crying from how funny this was!
I am only exited about hamamtions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haminations
Jesus loves you
"YES, YES IT IS VERY NICE."
If were being real, Jacksepticeye would make WAY better burgers
I can tell that haminations was the person to do the most work 😂😂😂
I mean why r u asking why Wilbur would interrogate her? HE'S WILBUR FUCKING SOOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I mean Wilbur is just Wilbur ok don't question it just go with it.
I didn't know haminations animated this as well. I like haminations.
Yoooooooo haminations!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOOO YE JUST GUESSUED WHAT I WANTED
I FUCKING KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS I WOULD RECOGNISE THAT ARTSTYLE ANYWHERE
Odd1sout haminations and more
but dont worry it gets  worse
4:04 SWEET HOME ALABAMA
I like in Northern Ireland
Im proud to say i watched this Live😌
The only animals that I know that anybody this video are hamination odds1out the infamousswoosh and ice cream sandwich
I just love icecreamsandwhich
6:45 jack went full Irish then
how did you find her? how did you get a gf?
vro sadist look's like the uncle from the another world 🤣🤣
Jack : uegshafsjhsshesuwkhha usmsnays terky58whatever you want   Tommy : ok....... Also jack : *says yes creepely*                      * proceeds to make tommy                           Uncomfortable*
Jack being a crazy diner owner is perfect
Did anybody think of Bryson when they saw this lol
oh nevermind
why are you the same look like haminaiton? im seiros you look just like him -_-
6:40   let me mention that Sad-ist is my favorite animator.
lmao I never expected Lumpytouch here
this is a ripoff haminatons
Ooh gotta love the animation styles. It makes you wonder which style he'll end up doing
WHY NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT GEORGE'S  DREAMS WITH DREAM XD   (4:32 and 4:35)
BRIGHTON? I LIVE IN BRIGHTON...
Him impersonating George is so accurate and wrong at the same time😂
I recognise some animation
tiny dnf moments (don’t ask why I did this I honestly don’t know, kinda proof that tommy ships dnf😭) 0:40 4:32
0:00  @Haminations
HAnimation
Tommy  copy HAnimation Animation
Dublin cool though
Yea Belfast is dead
I was wondering if you got help from hanminations
This is hamination and infomus Smosh animation bru
Please stop using somuch differents animation stiles
lemme gues hamminations the first part
2:09  freddy is gay probably 😃😃😃
You're part of one of ham show
Haminations art man
haminations art stealer
did haminations d this? bec its the same style
so this is the "amazing storie"...
POGGERS!
The sadist animation at the end was so amazing 6:38
honestly you should not have went to Ireland on a saturday At Belfast there is wayyy more things open at donegal but its kinda a long drive from belfast to Donegal still tho I live in donegal so I know some things
1:36 I swear, if I'd been in that situation I would've made it so much worse, like "Yeah, that can't be right, the rate must be waaay higher than that"
Hamanations
6:12 my immediate reaction to coming to the UK in general. (I am a foreigner)
"ah balls" got me laughing so hard
The moment I saw the thumbnail I knew one of the animators was theodd1sout
Damn crazy
What the fuck is dating siblings legal america
dgyah, balls
I cant help it...this is the best animated video ive ever seen in my life😂😂😂
Why does this kinda look like hanimations😂
My tought process on this video was "Huh,this thumbnail looks so similar to theodd1sout art...wait,is this hamination's art? Lemme check the description...LUMPY TOUCH WORKED ON THIS TOO- "
Oi I'm offended Belfast is not Gray it's like England mostly raining and depending on what shop you go to it's closed
HAMINATIONS?? LUMPYTOUCH??????????????? THEODD1SOUT??????? OH MY GOD-
Haminations
bro my dad worked with tubbo on a video like met irl
(ik this is late) I LOVE HOW FOR SOMEONE LIKE ME, YOU CAN SEE THE STYLE CHANGE, AND ITS BETTER IF YOU KNOW WHO'S STYLE IT IS
i literally guessed haminations collabed with u once i saw 1 second to the video
HAMINATIONSS STYLE STOLEN
YOU COPED BRISIN
as someone from irleand i can conifirm
George going to Florida to meet his husband
Haaaaaasaaaaammmmmmmmmm!
Ham is delicious yipeeee 🥳🥳🥳🍖🍖🍖
Who thinks the bike ride part was done by lumpy
Yo lumpy the pixel art guy
e  '                                                                                                                           '
HAMINATIONS DREW THIS VIDEO
g e o r g e
HAMINATIONS!
ok so if you guys don't already know, these animations are the same type. first its his. then ice cream sandwich, and then theodd1sout. just saying, this an amazing animation tommy!
I love how Jacksepticeye is canonically in every Irish skit ever
HAMINATIONS YESS
1:21  ICS ARTSTYLE
yo ics the goat
is it just me or is the animation at the start is haminations
0:00-0:33 Tommy animated in the Haminations style is strangely very accurate for him.
ok
5:04 George Will Never Recover From What He Saw
Ireland 🇮🇪 is goated
i love the switch in sryles of art from different animators it was so great
This looks like Haminations animation or infamous swoosh
bro is funny bucas ik who like helped hims on what part ore what youtube it represents
belfast is so poggers
Bro jump through animation quality
Who has blonde hair and has greml HMMMM
HMMMMMMMM
This looks familiar 🤔
Bruh
yaaay jackaboy man is there
I’m kinda surprised this band kid even has a girlfriend that is remotely normal no offense to band kids.
I wil NEVER subscribe! I infact disliked!🤬😡😡😡
Haminations kopiër 🤬
Your style is like haminations and his friends
Haminations definitely did the intro fr
Hanimations helped you??? Ain't no way
The 50% thing isn’t even true. That is just divorces. Breaking up before that is way likelier. Hope this helps 👍
Hey so like by the way you come look like Bryson show I mean do you make Asians
Hamanimaton style
WAIT, is jacksepticeye the server for the ireland restaurant?? LMAO 🤣
Am I the only one who thinks this looks like hamimations
This is the very first video I’ve seen of hin
I just know that the start of the video was brysons/haminaations part
Ham
oh damn i didnt know that tommy has a "girlfriend"
THIS IS PERFECT PERFECT DOWN TO THE LAST MINOOT DETAILS
The cycling experience was not the best for molly
Whos emma i thought she was molly
4:31 i love how gogy was animated like a feral animal trying to escape the captivity of the child
why did u need so many animators
0:21 bro looks like hamination
Belfast is scary
Nice animation Tom
You were in Belfast. That's not Ireland
🗿
this art style bruh had to be hamnations
you can tell a hamanatoins video at the start
LMAO this animated by hamination
(Haminations did an ✨OUTSTANDING JOB✨ animating)
Jacks appearance at the end was LITERALLY the best🤣🤣
2:44 I have the biggest fucking feeling lumpytouch did this
I WANT THESE ANIMATERS NAMEEEESSSS
damn imagine not being able to date your sister pffffttt like imagine (im in usa)
I JUST SAW THE FULL VIDEO WTF
HANNIMATIONS ART???????????????????????
I THOUGHT IT WAS HAMANITION
LMAO being Irish, Belfast is the best place ever! So is Dublin city BTW
I love the animation style
Nooooooooo
He was in Belfast I didn’t know!!!!!
In america its still considered extremly weird to date your siblings evan if it is legal
tommy was first animated by haminations and infamous swoosh and lall the goddamn popular animators
At first I thought that was dream with long hair tbh
Bryson animated it
4:01 Penal Code 285 PC - Incest Laws in California  As with every other state, incest is a serious crime in the State of California. The primary reason is that inbreeding between people who are too closely related genetically may result in birth defects.
Note to self: never go to ireland
hi tommy
You copied haminations and theoddonesout
u remind me of haminations
Feels like tommy and bryson collabed
I finally figured out what the Irish guy said after re-watching it like seven times
As someone who lives very close to Belfast, how to did you not find anywhere to eat there is literally a Greg’s around every goddamn corner
There so many animation in this video  Love it
Lmao i laughing so hard
5:27 Tom self centred?
bro got the best of the best animators
You got Theodd1sout,IceCreamSandwich,Haminations,InfamousSwoosh and ????????
LOL
This video is overall hilarious, but I also just enjoyed seeing all of the different animation styles! Great job on this one, everyone!!
The BEST vídeo i see in my live ❤🤌👍👍
more
I new it the animation in the thumbnail in and the start of the video just screamed hamination and TheOdd1sOut
This looks like hamminations
sorry but thats just more proof that wilbur has a lil bit of the tism
LOL just noticed at 7:09 it's JUMP IN THE CADILLAC
Average Belfast day 🇮🇪
I hate Tommy innit he lies about YouTubers saying rude things!
By the styles IT'S VERY EASY TO TELL THAT IT WAS ANIMATED BY BRYSON AND SWOOSH james BECAUSE  they are the two that i know those legendary animators
DNF joke haha
I AM IN AN ANYMAYTON
Why  does every different frame look look like deffrennt ananamantors😂😂😂😂
Ah yes I definitely did not hear jump in the Cadillac at the end of the vid 💀
Bro had uhh let me read hmm. Haminations, BA, IFS, ect
6:51 THE WAY THE MOUTH JUST SLID OFF
his girlfriend is either imaginary or he forced her to be his girlfriend
I love how like so many people were involved with this
"ah balls"  -tommyinnit
As an Irish citizen I can agree burgers in Ireland are Crap  compared to other countries
The start animation is like haminations animation and the cover is theodd1sout
The herobrine in the background 🫥
NEW ODDS
NEW HAM
Bro I thought this was an odd1sout vid, then a haminations vid, then i looked at the channel😂
i only watched the hamination part
I can tell who animated what parts
Actually I Know One More…… TheOdd1sOut
First Art Style: Haminations   Second Art Style: Infamous Swoosh  The Next Couple Of Art Styles: IDK/I Don’t Know
I like how they have the odd one out to animate his vid
WTF HAMINATIONS MADE SOME OF THIS OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
It's not a mistake it's a masterpiece
Tommy is animated Pog.
Omg this is AMAZING
I love that all the animators animated this in their style so it's just kind of different type of animation styles and that's why I like it
I think this is my fav video
“In England is illegal to date ur sibling”  Bro it is here to in America 💀
nobody is talking about 4:32 with the george part?? 😭
3:37 "anime tommy cant hurt you"  uhm...you sure?
BRUH YOU JUST COPIED HAMINATIONS IN THE INTRO AND YOU STOLE THE CARTOON THEME OF THEODDONESOUT!!!!!!!!
I dont know *why* but seeing the haminations art style with tommys voice really threw my brain off WHY *ONLY* HAMINATIONS?
Haminations animated lol
WE NEED MORE
im irish
Did theoddonesout animate this?
The second i saw this i said: did bryson animate this for you 😂
I think it's cus bell fast is where teh Titenic was built
a
Omg tommyinit confirmed Dnf LMAO💀✋
They thought we'd let this one slip 4:32
“To meet w his husband” 👹
Quick tip:if you ever go to Ireland always expect rain its extremely common also idk maybe go to rosscommon or dublin if you visit again they have loads of places to eat and lots of fun things to do!
can we just take a moment to notice that tubbo legit broke out the floor?
HOW DO YOU DO THAT WITHOUT INSTANTLY DYING
I live in belfast and l have subscribed!!!!!!!!:)
Haminations!
Make this to an Netflix Adaptation
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!
LOL
Biggest flex I know all of these animators.
5:12 I think. George thinks you are from alabama
Dis was comedy gold
It’s kinda cool how u used other animators art style and broke them up into different parts of the video 😎
Tommy's life would be the perfect cartoon tv show to watch.
THE ENDING MUSIC GUYS AHHH
This first animation is familiar.. Haminations!? I love the artstyles
This is amazing
bryson!
Well.., if you were in Northern Ireland you were not in Ireland you were in the UK sooo ur wrong too sad too bad go cry wa wa
Oof those girls must be hors to date a smooth brain 1 Inc boy not man if any thing they'd be man
No one had corrected me so I'm just going to assume M. stands  for MissusInnit
4:29
i saw so many animation styles my fav was the hamination style
haminations>>
4:45 you have a sista?!
HAMINATION
Did anyone else notice that the ending song sounded like a clip of Bruno mars that's what I like or am I going crazy?
Y o U  H a V e  A  S i S t A ?!?!
Has George and tommy talked since then….
Ph1lza hi
Noo
This video has all the best animators…..HOLY CRAP YES THEY AWESOME 😎 I already watch most of them 🍑
4:35 HELP
bros changing his textures
I know evert single one of the animators that animated this video. I love how tommy collaborated with so many of them
Lmao Jacksepticye 😂
Legit thought James finally gave himself hair when I saw the thumbnail 😂
Jack just randomly popping up in every Irish skit is the funniest thing ever
Ice cream SANDWICH
Mr tommyinnit please do more animations i love it
SADIST AND HAMINATIONS LEZ GOO
Wait Tommy ship Dream and George? Lmao
My mom and dad split up so he was right
HAMINATIONS ANIMATION LETS GOO
I LOVE THE ANIMATION TOO MUCH!!! THE CHARACTER ARE SO PRETTY! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
omg i can tell who animated this since the start
If you go to Ireland don't  go to belfast them
0:49
Dude I love how a lot of YouTubers touched this video jn their own way making this awesome
This is bryson's style
At least you don’t live here
HAMINATIONS?!!?
this is my life bro in ireland
Haminations: 0:00 Infamous Swoosh: 0:34 idk: 1:28  idk aswell: 2:39 HOW MANY PEPOLE DO I NOT KNOW!?: 3:26 TheOdds1Out: 3:59
ngl if your girlfriend survived through freddie without getting the vibe that your friends might not like her she might be a perf match
The felling of Ireland Feels terrible    It fills you with *HATRED*      6:14
2nd time he is in a animation     And all the chads made a great job
also in america it illegal i think
Ayo haminations animated this video wow!
looks like hamination art style
He’s like haminations in this video!!!!
Lol
bro is haminations
Bro!! This scene literally got me standing up out of my chair and banging my hand on the couch behind me!!!! WHY WOULD YOU STATE THAT FACT IN THE GENERAL AREA OF A COUPLE!?!?! IT DOSE NOT END WELL!!!!!! 1:38
2:18 - 2:24 best part
Animated by hamanations!
I thought I recognized James and Bryson's art styles. IceCreamSandwhichs too!
Hamination+TommyInit      I love it 😆
I sarthe first part and was just like HAMANATIONSSSSS
Tommy u went to Belfast that’s your own fault, that’s northen Ireland not ireland
0:01 is hamination
The animation is like different parts are done by hamination-ice cream sandwiche and odd ones out I can’t tell the other ones but I can tell those 3
Not him calling dream George's husband help- 💀
The Fact That He Let Bryson Aka Haminations Do The Whole Intro Was Weird , i said to myself huh that looks like haminations's style
OI IS THIS HAMINATIONS STUFF?? Just got in like 10 seconds and I see haminations written all over it
Freddie, the first man to ever subscribe to Tommyinnit, wants to keep Tommy on that Youtube grind, so he tried to break up his relationship
4:01.... It was a horrible idea to drink water...
This look like hamnimations
You look like haminations
4:34 had me breaking out laughing lol
Haminations worked on this and you don’t even need credits to see it!
They call it home of the free for a reason
YOOO HAMINATIONS AND THEODD1SOUT YESSSSSSS
Bro all of the animator gang just to  animate one video
I love the amount of honesty from 0:15 to 0:20.
Bro is the new animation of hanimation
Man hanimation really did this
Haminations!!!
Oh my gosh this was the best! :3
5:26 ranboo looks like a incredibox character
I KNEW THE HAMINATION ART STYLE AS SOON AS I CLICKED ON THE VIDEO
This was basically a map- (multi animator project)
Northern Ireland, not Ireland
🍞
wait isn't this that youtuber hamnations style?    not hating just a question
Told us about animations a youtuber
2:11
0:13 haminations 0:34 swoosh 4:06 odd1sout. thats it
i thought molly was the name not m
TUBBO REACTED TO THIS?
George not found was heading to see his husband 😋
These are pretty good animations but it kinda looks like haminations animations
Haminations?
U stole from haminations
I saw the thumbnail and immediately knew the art style was from odd1sout
I saw the thumbnail and immediately knew the art style was from odd1sout
OMFG CUPTOAST DID AN ANIMATION HERE.
4:33 lol
lol people find me annoying " americans you might not understand, dating your siblings is illegal in Britain" lol
As someone who’s from Belfast we know it’s all grey
You went to northern Ireland that is aprt of the uk.
I want you to date ramboo >:(
I am convinced that his experience in Ireland was entirely motivated by the hatred between the brits and the irish
Did you brack up with  her?? 😊
the first frame tho...
The part with george was absolutely amazing
3:22 that is literally the opposite of having a brother figure.😂
Sad-Ist be a goat
im from ireland  northern ireland sucks the rest of it is nice though
Why does this animation look like hamanations animation
Hani
Wilbur acts like a big Brother  Tommy: yes hes really nice to me☺️
Bro I saw Toms avatar and EEMEECHAITLY I thought, Bryson or Haminations
here in america only in certain states its fine to date your siblings but in the majority of times its considered weird in the US
why does he look like bryson from haminations
HAMIATIONS ANIMATED YOU????
4:05 Alabama
Tommy hired every animation youtuber
“HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO”
I know the animation style when I see it odds1out. Haminations and infamous swoosh
NORTHERN IRELAND IS NOY A PART OF IRELAND! AND WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS
7:08  I swear Ireland is better than tha, as from someone who has lived in the country their entire life, there's lots of cool site seeing, cultural festivals/events, fairs, museums and things from Irish history!
WAIT A MINIT Haminations, Infamous swoosh, Theodd1sout. There is no way you got to see these people!!! How!???? and I can tell That they helped.
Bryson is that you
what the f*ck jacksepticxeye make a worst disgusting burger
4:33 HUSBAND
6:15 you could have gone anywhere else in NI. But you chose Belfast. Literally anywhere else (apart from larne) is nicer   Also please come back it’s not that bad
The fact already recognized wich animator was wich from their art style
OK, for those who’re wondering, these are the animators in order & their time stamps   0:00 - 0:33 Hamintations 0:33 - 1:21 Infamous Swoosh 1:21 - 2:29 Ice Cream Sandwich  2:29 - 3:19 Lumpy Touch 3:19 - 3:55 Cuptoast 3:55 - 4:28 Odd1sOut 4:28 - 5:17 Complexly Ross 5:17 - 5:54 AdamX 5:54 - 6:36 Checkers 6:36 - 7:13 Sad-ist   Hope that’s all correct lol
Northern ireland and the republic of ireland are different,  do not blame the ROI for the north.
I love how you change into defrent animating styles THAT THE PEOPLE THAT HELPED OUT DRAWS
bro hired Swoosh and Hammo Gwarn the boys
(poor fr3dddy, did he wanted to didcontinue the friendship..)
Imagine how Tommy’s girlfriend will feel when she finds out Tommy married Tubbo.
Tommy is class
HAMINATIONS LEST GO
*animation Style
THE HAMINATIONS ANIMALS ION STYLE I KNEW HE HELPED
Jack as the pub worker has me rolling on the floor🤣
thanks for the "how to be a good bf tips":D
as a person who watches alot of animation channels im so happy
hamminatio n
Haminations
I’m from Belfast😍
"HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO?" Had me wheezing
Nah you seriously made Theodd1sout animate the weirdest part of this entire video 💀
Bro I soon as I saw tommyinit in haminations style I screamed
he really looks like hanimations😲
😮
4:00 LMAO
This is a masterpiece
As a Irish Northern Ireland is owned by England
26 sec and there is a ham graffity ham is a resemplence of a animator that animated tommy the animator is haminations
Uh, ok
you can SEE Haminations' blood-soaked fingerprints all over the intro
Bros needs his tommyinnit Aross the tommy verse
Correction for Ice Cream Sandwich: @IceCreamSandwich
"Fair warning, the following my American viewers may not understand. In England, it is illegal to date your sibling." WE DON'T ALL LIVE IN ALABAMA LMFAOO
i can tell who worked on what parts lol
I LOOK SO DAMN GOOD DONT I!!!!!!!!!!!
Ham? Ham. Swoosh? Swoosh. Ice cream? Ice cream.
Haminations animated the first quarter of the video?
Hamination??
Has your girlfriend ever gotten upset when you flirt with ranboo
I’m telling ya you should’ve went to the republic it’s great Craic there
YOOO ITS A COLLAB OF YOUTUBE ANIMATORS
Bro said hippity hoopity your animation style is my property
Why does this look like a oddonesout or how ever you say it video?!
YOOOOOO HAMINATIONS BUT TOMMY
Tommy: Please give us food!  JackSepticEye: yeahgjhgioajsgiengkalngawgnag
3:52 SHINJI CHAIR???
just suddenly hearing jacksepticeye's voice made me cry from laughter
“how’s it goin there young lad who’s your burger laddie” okay sean. thank you.
Yoo mate this place isn’t as bad as you made it out to be, Belfast is… ok let’s be honest it’s mid, Northern Ireland is going to shit with this ‘protocol’ and ‘Irish sea boarder’ and it sucks cause all you hear is updates and protests so to be real Belfast is actually pretty shitty place.
I love that the outro is jump in the Cadillac
Right after that first part I knew that Bryson was the animator for it
Poor Goggy...
I honestly can't imagine Tommy kissing someone.. In my head (I think in all our heads) he's still a child lol
I love how meeting Wilbur is like meeting parents.. Wilbur is like a brother/dad to Tommy lol
I feel bad for Tommy... It's okay, Some girls just speak a whole other language & then u realise they're being sarcastic..
is the thumbnail from Oddisout lol
4:29 what is this he know something we dont
THE DELTARUNE REFERENCE
Bto why his arm that big bro god damn 😳
Haminations
Poor George
I can just see all the different animator styles throughout thins video and I love it I can’t explain it with words
Hammninationn
ICECREAMSANDWHICH
I wish I could see George’s face
You guys can actually who the animator is by the small yellow  text
i didnt notice that it wasvtommys chanel for a second
Ayo what did u call haminations / Bryson?
The lumpy touch section is awesome
I clicked on this thinking it was the odd1sout! 😂
are you gay?
This man has already had like 5 thumbnail changes :)
0:29 you can see for a millisecond that Haminations puted an arrow and it said "Sexy"
:)
I immediately recognized the animation style
i just realized what song was playing at the end its been 4 months
YOOO HANIMATION ANIMATED ONE OF THESE CLIPS
Umm is this a haminations copy?
just noticed they're wearing the same clothes in every style
Bryson helped him
Thats Brycon
ITS SOOO MUCH BETTER
I could tell the odd1sout made the thumb nail
This is like haminations
sry dont know if wrong spellin
he's ranbooin about his server
Why does his animations look like haminations broooo
“To go be with his husband”
i can tell the first 35 secs are animated by haminations
It feels like I’m watching that one ep of bobs burgers
I don’t know where to go. someone help. I’ve been stuck in an endless loop of tsoa content for the past week and I can’t get out
Odd1sout,haminations,icecreamsandwich this is legit
Hmmm this style is familiar…
Hi
i subscroobed
Bro saved the best for last fr fr
He does kinda look like him …
It's illegal to date your siblings in the US as well as immoral... Unless it's Oregon
"The following my American viewers may not be able to understand... In the UK you can't date your siblings-" IM SORRY THATS ONLY IN ALABAMA TOMMY
Hi
Isn't he married to Tubbo
"Just before moving to florida to go be with his husband" is such an underrated line
Theodd1sout looking ahh title photo
Why in every animation the girlfriend looks so out of reality?
The fact it changes style for evry animator is so cool
AT  THE START
WHY DOES THIS ANNIMATION STYLE LOOK SO MUCH LIKE BRYSONS
Tommy: Everywhere in Belfast was gray Me: Mate, its Belfast, what do you expect it to be sunny??
i felt like you been copying oddouts
Woah
Odd1sout douppppppp 🤨🤨
How many different animators did do have animate this
I was in Belfast that is true
Hamination
Nah nah nah how did a British get a girlfriend before me😭😭😭😭😭😭
Robert idk should watch this
OMG THE ANIMATJON STYLE CHANGINF SKJSJSAHHH
He put funny in this vid title as well
I knew it was haminations cus tommy's face looked ver familliar
I laughed so hard at 1:50
POV: ham
Swoosh, theodd1sout, and haminations art style at once
Import a yoshi model from mario and name it y0shi then do a animation of it falling off a cliff it would be funny.
You should have gone to Dungarvan in the Square there is mostly restaurants😂
Whats your favorite shark?
I love the ice cream sandwich section
Of all the video I feel like the song subtitles English translated should have screwed up Jack's line, but it actually got like 80% correct.
ever heard of haminations?
move to alabama then
I already can tell this is animated by @Haminations and @InfamousSwoosh lol
All of the styles are so funny for them to all be here
I have to admit as an Irish person, Northern Ireland isn’t the nicest, that’s because it’s half English. (Jk) seriously ireland is great on the OTHER side of the country 😌
HAMINATIONS??❌  HAMINNIT ✅
OMG I LOVE HAMINATIONS
Glad your happy with your gf
Tommy is such great bf material <3  Doesn’t care if you’re dying on a bike Flirts with other women -kisses his sister-  The perfect man
I emediatly recognized the part haminations made
Animations is like haminations and swoosh
4:34 the mask in the distance is simply horrifying
i like cheese
OMG GUYS! TOMMYINNIT. GETTING BITCHES? NO FUCKING WAY!!!!
Did Haminations animate this? Didn’t pay attention my fault.
Wait you had one I thought you were twelve
Ah yes the Animation styles look so different
Hi
I will now brag about being able to recognize every animator by the style
Honestly thought this was an Odds1out vid from the thumbnail
I always wonder if i was there.. like uhhh
Hamination + theoddsonesout = tommyinnit animation
next time you go to ireland, go to REAL ireland and not the north- foods much better
When I saw the thumbnail I thought this was a new odd1sout video😂
OMGGGG THIS IS WONDERFUL 😮😮😮😮😮😮
Great really funny
I love all of these animation styles
Why does Andy’s art style work so well with Tommy
A can tell which art style is this
People are still gonna get shipped with his friends and people are still gonna make him seem gay tbh
this was great
Some of the videos animated by Bryson the other by James
Bro I live in ireland go to somewhere instead of Belfast go to like waterford or dublin
AYYYY I LOVE THISS TOMMY WE NEED MOREE
YOO CRUMB
Do us a favour, don’t go down south in Ireland
“HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO” Em: yes
so fun fact the reason around 50-70% of relationships and marriages end with splitting up is bc people who have split up before have a tendency to split up again. it's actually pretty likely that your relationship is going to go well
As a common northern Irelander I can confirm that belfast is always gloomy
I instantly knew who was animating the different parts because I've watched almost everyone who helped.
This was really good Congrats on having a girlfriend ^_^
WE NEED MORE ANIMATION
haminations😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
Stop changing the title bro 💀
Tommyinit is dating Alex?
I KNEW HAMINATIONS WAS HELPING HIM
Wil is so me when my uncle gets a new girlfriend
As soon as it started I knew Bryson (haminations) helped it just looked to similar
ONG i thought you stole bryson's art style 😅
@icecreamsandwich and @complexlyRoss is Cool and good
happy 14 mill!
the subtle dnf reference
For the first part
This looks like hanimations
This man got haminations and odd1sout swoosh and more
OH YEAH THE ODD1SOUT AND TOMMY ARE IN THE SAME UNIVERSE RN
Bro has odd1ns out animals
Why do I think haminations made this- oh wait… just saw the credits. Knew it
POV: haminations and odds1out had a child
Man couldn’t get hamintaions
Just realised it came out on my birthday. 😯
1st was haminations animator and fifth is from oddballs
Tommy kinda sounds like Mr. Bean 😭
bro got odd1sout to work for him
I love @odd1sout animation
Goddang it I thought it was a odd1sout video but nope it’s tommyinit
Belfast?  Okay.
I think we all new when haminations animation was on-
ranboo is just catjamming at 5:24
Haminations?!?!!!
I know all these animators...
Literally all the animators are some of my favorite people this is awesome tommy 1000/10
3:20 What animator is this?
why did i think this was a haminations vid
Well, rip George, never go to stay with is husband and is horrified of Tommy...😔
I KNEW HAMINATIONS HELPED
In America it is illegal to date anyone closer than your third cousin unless you are in Alabama
"warning my American viewers might not understand.... It's illegal to after your sibling" had me dieing
i fell down my bed thats 2 feet in the air. 4:33
How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just doing what come naturally  How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just following my destiny  How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just doing what comes naturally  How ba-a-a-d can i be? How bad can i possibly be?   Well there's a principal of nature (principal of nature)  That almost every creature knows Called survival of the fittest (survival of the fittest)  And check it this is how it goes The animal that eats gotta scratch and fight and claw and bite and punch  And the animal thats doesn't Well the animal that doesn't  Winds up someone else's  Lu-lu-lu-lu lunch  (Munch munch munch munch munch)  I'm just sayin'   How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just doing what come naturally  How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just following my destiny  How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just doing what comes naturally  How ba-a-a-d can i be? How bad can i possibly be?  There's a principal in buisness (principal in business) That everybody knows is sound It says the people with the money (people with the money) Make this ever-loving word go 'round So im biggering my company  Im biggering my factory  Im biggering my corporate sign! Everbody out there take care of yours and me? I'll take care of Mine mine mine mine mine  (Shake that bottom line)  Let me hear you say smogulous smoke (Smogulous smoke) Schloppity schlop  (Schloppity schlop) Conplain all you want it's never ever ever ever gonna stop! Come on how bad can I possibly be?   How ba-a-a-d can i be? I'm just building the economy  How ba-a-a-d can i be? Just look at me pettin' this puppy  How ba-a-a-d can i be? A portion of proceeds goes to charity! How ba-a-a-d can i be? How bad can i possibly be? Lets see!  (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) All the customers are buying! (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) And the money's multiplying  (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) And the PR people are lying  (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) And the lawyers are denying  (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) Who cares if a few trees are dying?  (How ba-a-a-d can i be?) This is all so gratifying   How bad? How bad can this possibly be?!   Your welcome
Looks like what Brian would make?
Bruv you American views might not understand Mf that’s only in Kentucky an Alabama
Um…Ranboo? What happened to you? 5:22
i love the youtuber anamaters you used most of my favs
well you have to have that irish accent dont ya
Well tommyinnit u got some explaining to do with the end WITH JUMP IN THE CADILLAC WELL DONE FOR PUTTING IT IN UR VIDEO FOR THE 1ST TIME:D
The animation looks like the odds one's out
Nice
4:00   SWEET HOME ALABAMA
That friend ain’t a friend- kill him
I NEED MORE OF THE STORYS AND THE ANIMATION!!
I love the fact that along with the diff art styles through the video ,, the people who animated those scenes are credited in the bottom right corner
Og title: Girlfriend Stories ANIMATED Changed: Why I'm a terrible boyfriend  Current: My funniest Girlfriend Stories
I knew I was have a nations
hamination's (srry if i spelt it wrong) style fits perfectly with tommy's voice and vibe
Bruh they added jacksepticeye ;-;
Tommy keep son changing the thumbnail lol
Not racist but that Irish dude sounds exactly like jacksepticeye
so funny
Who was animator? Was it haminations?
Yippee Ireland because IM Irish
It's also illegal to date/marry your sibling/cousin/other relative, although you can date/marry your third cousin
You can really tell it was haminations who animated the first part lol
Wait if you compair hamination and Tommyinit
First glance I realise  its animated by haminations from the art style
tommyinit has a girlfriend. danm i thought ge would die alone
I like how he had to clarify for Americans that it’s illegal to date your sister in Britain, was actually the funniest part of the video
Its jack
6:01 its important to remember that only NORTHERN Ireland is a shithole. 🇮🇪 🎉
The collaboration we all needed
Just me, or did anyone else try and guess who animated what bit?
I feel like it's the 3rd time Tommy changed to Title😔
Hanimations in a nutshell
I'm from Ireland....🥲
The fact that everyone actually voiced themselves and then Wilbur is just 😶😶😶
no way he got lumpy touch
I was like omfg lumpy
1:25 bro sounded like Mr. Bean for a second 💀💀💀💀
0:04 Who realised this was made with Haminations
Why is it like hamanotias
Is this…. Made by Haminations?
STOP CHANGING THE TITLE
Your the funniest person on youtube
4,968 dislikes wtf
STOP THIS IS SO FUNNY- the George story absolutely killed me cause I can SEE his reaction 😭
How did I know every animator in this vid when it changed
Hamination vibes ngl
The best kind of aminations Haminations one
cuptoasts part will be my favorite forever ❤️‍🔥
Muuuum am I adopted?
I NAW IT BRISEN FROM HNIMATION HELPED HIM!!!
Ain't it a lil' coolio I recognized the first few animators?
4:44 the *YUP*  got me dieing
I just now noticed that at 3:53 tommy does the shinji in the chair pose, I can't believe I only noticed this after 3 months.
This sure was a animation
70:1 T H E   N A S T Y   P A T T Y
"yes..YES IT IS VERY NICE...."
NOT THE ALABAMA REFERENCE 💀💀💀💀💀
Techno would be proud.
Why every second the animation changes
I love the ice cream San which animated part 😂
I could tell Bryson animated the start and infamous swoosh animated the next bit
You look like haminations😂😂😂
4:33 “to go be with his husband 💚💙”
😢im from northern Ireland
As an experienced relationship therapist, I can tell you are gonna sleep on the couch for flirting with the receptionist.
Is it just me or is the thumbnail keep changing
Tommy... aren't you legally married to Tubbo?
That’s just Norton Ireland
U HAVE A SISTAA???
at 4:33 I was straight up cackling wondering in my mind even Tommy ships George and dream/clay
When you realize that the drawing style changes depending on the animators
those 4 millions of vievs are deserved this is a masterpiece
Haminations style vid with odd1sout style thumbnail
4:28 was funny
You should prank dream with her
NOT LUMPY
tommy keeps changing the title and thumbnail bro 😂
SAD IST YOOOOO
0:03 do not let the dancing little tommyinnit out of that jar 'cuz he is always dancing.
4:00 why did you do America like that? YOU DO REALIZE LIKE THIS IS NOT LEGAL IN AMERICA YOU KNOW THIS AINT ALABAMA
The thumnail is like odd1sout, the animation is like ice cream sandwich
Hamilton's ripoff 😂
Is it just me or does the thumbnail keep changing?
Not all of us americans date our sisters
One giant Onion!
6:46 i fucking lost it when jack said his absolute irish gibberish that i somehow understood completely
*Tommy*
Animation
You used Brody and hamanations
3:55  Hey we only barely tolerate Alabama don't go putting that on all of us
Tommy: I HAVE GIRLFRIEND Me:AHAHAHAHA … you’re serious?
bryson you forgot the part where you kill someone with a booty cheek clap
I immediately recognised the Lumpy Touch one, their style is just too iconic
I learnt from this is not to sub
seeing SADist in a tommyinnit video is like closure
Saying Ireland and referring to Northern Ireland is a pretty brave thing to do.
Bro I live in Belfast and I have to say it’s always cloudy ☁
How did i know before it started bryson and james had something to do with this video  Edit: I JUST REALIZED CRUMB HELPED ANIMATE OML
Hamanations
Animation Like hananiashons
you're adopted!
Bro copied hamminations
CUPTOAST
What music is used in the intro?
how many times will he change the thumbnail and title
I went to Belfast to look at the White Star Line museum with my family cause I was a HUGE Titanicboo. And I can confirm... Belfast is a place of gray evil and despair. The sky was like a gray sheet of empty sadness. No one was outside, most of the pubs and stores were closed and there just seemed to be no joy in any of the few people we saw... It was like a ghost town...😥
God I love LumpyTouch
I AM GOING TO STEAL YOUR LIVER
BAM
HAM
Ireland aint thhaaatttt bad
Jacksepticeye???!!!!
moorrrr
4:24 sweet home Alabama >:) sweet home Alabama >:) sweet home Alabama >:) sweet home Alabama >:)
4:00 💀
6:47  When he said that they went to Ireland I was like ‘Y’all didn’t tell me Jacksepticeye was in this’ as a joke…                I laughed so hard I think I died when Jack entered the chat
6:46 is that jacksepticeye?😂😂😂
1:31 lol😂😂
This thumbnail and title have changed 4 times already
Why am i the only one that thinks that freddie wants tommys girl
3:58 my man the oddones out 😀
Im from Ireland and I can agree that is ireland
It's kind of obvious that Haminations and Odd1sout animated this video
am I the only one who noticed what Bryson added on for like a single frame at like 0:31?
Haminations?
familier hamnimation
The animator clip is hilarious. gives me jojo vibes
Bro HAMINATIONS STYLE
as a brit is so funny when you see a sis and bro about to give a bit of a Mwa and the. Me looking like 💀
It's still hard to believe that you have a girlfriend
Irelands normally not like that you got unlucky
I only know the first three animators on the right 0:31
IS THAT HAMANIMATIoNS
Did you get your passport thought?
Yo, MUUUUM, AM I ADOPTED?
the animasion sorta remines me of someone........................................                  HAMAMASIONS.
HAMINATIONN
Tommy South Ireland is way better you went to the wrong part of Ireland
The fact that Suave Ganondorf ruined that dance for me 💀
i understand 4:03
jak sepicy
why am i not suprised i know EVERY SINGLE animator who took part un this video? (I dont mean that I know them irl)
tom keeps changing the title :O
when you show the animator's and other guy's i paused video and taked a look at it : WAIT WHAT , LuMpY ToUcH?!?!?!
4:29 funniest
anyone realize how the animation style changes to the  peoples who helped?
The thumbnail looks like theodd1sout
Love this style of video for you! Must have taken a ton of effort for everyone involved but was very worth it :)
0:32 my fav frame
YEAH BOIIIIIII HAMINATIONS
Haminations style 👇👇
That looks like haminations
Ham to swoosh
This makes it I believe the third time you had to change the title and thumbnail
Why does this keep getting changed  1:Girlfriend stories  2:Why im a terrible boyfriend 3:My funniest girlfriend storys Plus the thumbnail has been changed alot to  WHY
I live in Ireland,Dublin and you’re right it’s so grey and plain but in the centre there’s loads of art and colorful shops
Bros got the hamanations style
NOOO I WAS IN BELFAST WHEN U WHERE BUT I DIDNT SEE YOUU AAAA@AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Bryson..
TOMMY INNIT YOU CURSED MOTHERFUCKER I BROKE MY RIB LAUGHING AT THIS AND YOU'RE PAYING FOR IT
I live in Belfast
Irish are all christian none of them work on Saturdays the "holy day"
I KNOW HAMINATION HE HELPED YOU WOW!!! No wonder your animation looks like he made it 😂
Nah bro turned into Bryson 🤑😂😭🗣️❗
I know, Belfast is very hard to find good food in😢
Who’s here after the face reveal?
the animation style just changing throughout the vid is just perfect
so many animation styles
6:18 it dose tend to be like that
The collab of haminations,odd1sout,sadist and tommy is one we thought were never possible but IT HAPPENED
4:33 Ayoo!! 😂😂
Surprise Sean is now my favourite thing
I can tell which YouTubers did which
Yea I live in Ireland so lucky me 🙃
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Haminations?
At first it looks like youre haminations,Oddisout
bro not only offended northern ireland, he also made an irishman northern irish so hes also flipping off ireland damn,
STOP CHANGING THE TITLE AND IMAGE!
I’m Irish and in the north most stuff are closed while the Republic of Ireland everything is open
idk if im being dumb but if his gf is em, but i the other video when she face revealed isnt her name molly?
This video has been reuploaded 3 times all with different titles
I knew Bryson animated the first part
did you know that whenever someone gets a partner they lose 1 or 2 close friends..
That’s Wilbur for you😂
Tommy I’m a British boy aswell but how do I get the girl I like to fall in love with me?
This is amazing lmoa all such good animators
Hey make more animation Tommy
Haminatons animation then infamous swoosh then icecreamsandwich then Pokémon then idk then odds1out then idk then idk then idk 😂😂😂
5:12   Tommy: left from America Text: left from UK
Thumbnail changed again
What does jack even say
Yeah one day me and my family drove up to Northern Ireland and everywhere was closed so yeah in my opinion if your getting food don’t go to Northern Ireland bc it sucks to get that somewhere
You can tell haminations animated the first clip
The real question still remains: how did you guys meet?
This took me way too long to realise that the art styles were changing between content creators
THE WAY I CHOCKED ON MY OWN SPIT WHEN I SAW THAT HAMINATIONS WAS THERE
but im irish🥲
this looks like hams videos
Lol
Apologies from Ireland
6:47 Jacksepticeye bru
Thought it was "em" But uuuuuuhhhhhh Her name is mollie💀✋🏻
@4:05 yeahhhh it’s the same here 🤣
YESSSS omg you got ALL the amazing animators!!!! AAAAAA
Wilbur staring into your soul is stupidly accurate
my brother, dating a sibling is illegal in most states in the US as well
coming back from the face reveal i cannot see how the hell they look like siblings but okay.  and also coming back from the face reveal i can tell how she is relevant to all of these stories and it is GRAND.
We stan Tolly
Woop
"to go be with his husband" HIS HUSBAND? GOERGENOTFOUND HUSBAND??
Hamination
balls
When ham, odd, and tommy made the thumbnail and first part of the vid
"Don't worry, it gets worst" - probably TommyInnit 2023
First scene clearly by Haminations
Ah u shouldve came to westmeath
Best experience you can have in Belfast.
Bruh this is like Odd1'sout and Haminations..
Haminations being one of my favorite youtubers: YOOOOO LETS GO I NEVER EXPECTED THIS HAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS SOO MUCH *SCREAM*
Yay❤
The animation style is like haminations
I can instantly tell what animator it is! Their styles are all so unique.
“Then I realized she was dying.” SO CALM 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bryson animated this I can tell
YOU WANT TO IRELAND AND BELFAST YOU WERE IN NORTHERN IRELAND THE AREA I LIVE AND I DIDN'T SEE YOU 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I think freddy wants your girlfriend
1:11 does anyone even know what she says
“HUSBAND“ me :okay😃
Nice animation!!! To me, theodd1sout's animation was the best :D
So you’re a great girlfriend
Ngl tho, Irish pub owner Jacksepticeye stole the show
SO FUNNY! GREAT ART!😂😂😂😂
Yo this is kinds like Bryson’s animation style  (I just rewatched the vid and saw Bryson helped making it 💀)
Haminations steal...... 👀👀👀
Ham helped?
bro copied Haminmations art style
Why youre animations Look Like Haminations?
5:49   This is just here for me to check stuff I swear this isn’t for you
My favorite part of watching an animation is watching the animation a second or maybe third time to pick up on all the jokes and details I missed.
0:32 oh, i was true
are you animated by haminations? and background of Theodd1sout?
Noticed haminations style immediately
3:56 this is where odd ones out starts animating if your wondering
OMG ITS HAMAMATIONS 0:30
Why do i know exactly whos animation style it is......
Lol
This video help me keep all the girls at school away from me
The only reason Belfast was grey is because it is a part of England
ya i defenintly saw a hamoinations and infamouse swoosh animation type. :)
I love the fact that also Sad-ist helped with this animation
never knew u had a gil
Hmm… The thumbnail changed…..
I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW SADIST
4:03 it's also illegal in the US
4:33 my life is complete 😂
I never thought of the day where you got a girl
haminations and the odd ones!!!
Wilbur enterogating her 😭😭
yall still together?
OUR CHILD GREW UP
Bloody brilliant 😂
Your friends were just jealous it wasn’t them
Hmm why does this animation look familiar?????
He used theodd1sout animation haminations animation and infamous swoosh and more!
That why I know this animtion
WE NEED MORREEEEE
I'm surprised he never cursed
lumpy touch artstyle💀
dadza is proud
🤙
This thumbnai looks familiar
As a representative of the female population I would just like to confirm that when we say we dont mind it actually states that if we have another second we will explode and we dont want to get our new shirt wet with ugly pit stains and will throw up in 3 minutes and 46.3 seconds if we dont stop now.
ahhhh yes the animator collab we've all been waiting for WITH tommyinnit
Im suprise that haminations theodd1sout and lumpy touch helped tommy
Bro that clone that is always dancing is actually getting sturdy right now
bro just becomeing hamanimatms
Is it just me? Or this video thumbnail has changed like 5 times
Imagine
This is hilarious 😂 bro I'm dead💀
the odd ones out's part is at 3:55
first part was prob haminations and second was prob infamous swoosh
Love the animation!!!
Britan💀
BRO LOOKS LIKE BRYSON FROM HAMAINTOINS AND JAMES FROM THE ODD1SOUT BRO WHAT IS THIS🤯OMG THERES MORE
I like how i immediately knew this was associated with haminations
Oh no I see lumpy touch in the credits
irelands cool
Your hair looks like Bryson from haminations
I live in Ireland XD
Haminations and odd1sout are the GOATS (in my opinion the other are great too pls I don’t want to start a comment war 😅)
0:30 yay the BOYS.
WAIT. GEORGE HAS A HUSBAND?
Not gonna lie, tommy in animation videos is pretty entertaining and funny 😂
I can tell exactly what part IceCreamSandwich animated
i love the way its animated differently by many animators
Just me or is this a copycat from hamiations
I love how all the YouTubers that helped had so amazing and different art styles!
Omg all my favourite animators in one place? One video? I’m so happy right now-I want to become a animator my self and it’s so cool to see all of them on one project :D 😭💕
Swoosh, odds1out,one whose name must not be spoken,pokemon,rko, hamimations,I really don't know,again,
4:05 american burn???!!!
Hahahaha this is the first video I’ve seen on your channel & I subscribed immediately!
I immediately realised hanimations artstyle lol
i mean haminations
its jaden and odds1out
4:00 do i need to say anything about how funny this is
0:00 hamination’s part 0:33 infamous swish’s part 1:21 ice cream sandwich’s part 2:30 lumpytouch’s part 3:20 cuptoast’s part 3:56 theodd1sOut’s part 4:29 complexly Ross’s part 5:18 AdamX’s part 5:55 checker’s part 6:37 SADistfied’s part  Channels in the description (except checkers) Thumbnail made by Odd1sOut
I can tell the intro is made by Bryson (haminations)
I just cant belive it i couldve seen you on the streets when you were visting Ireland-
Never go to Belfast come to Galway instead we have better food
its illgeal to date your siblings in the us too
Yes…yes it is very nice…
i love how it just switchs to different art stlyes as he tells
This Art is Like Haminations art and other arts
I dont wanna know why England had to make the rule that you cant date ur siblings 💀
1:48 that face
Seeing haminations animate the first one just feels so right..
BRYSONANIMATES??
I recognized a few of the art styles
So many cartoon styles
..
Hope you enjoyed the northern Irish weather bc I have tosuffered w/ it tescos in Ballymena flooded like yesterday ( I don't live in Ballymena), 6:16
More animations! I loved dis video!
Bryson + tommyinnit
4:33
oh no wonder the thumbnail is of odd1sout and at start its hamination style, multiple animators
HES ANIMATED POGGIES 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
AH I'M FROM FLORIDA HUHHH
Ham animation style?
LOVE THIS, THE DIFFERENT ANIMATIONSSSS❤
Unbelievable wait HOW DID YOU GET A GIRL ELABORATE PLS
Yes ham was the intro
The haminations and infamousswoosh animations love them
6:13 undertale?
CAN SOME1 GIVE ME EACH ANIMATORS PART IN THIS LIKE THE TIMESTAMPS I NEED TO KNOW
SADIST TOO
cool
he copied haminations
Tommy stole brysons hair cut
thats how bryson draws
LMAOOOO
the lad should have gotten our fish n' chips, we've mastered those
Im from Ireland 😳😂🤣
is this haniations animation
i could easily tell when lumpytouch animated
Why are we going to  haminations animations to oddouneout animation to infomusmoosh animation i didn't get it
YES
4:34 I choked on my own laughter. IS THAT POSSIBLE?
One thing about Ireland as a native Irish myself : DON'T EXPECT GOOD WEATHER
3:58 odds1out
odds1out and hamnimations
Hmmmm these animated scenes seem familiar 🤔🤔🤔
BROOO I KNEW IT THE FIRST PART OF THE ANIMATION WAS BY HAMINATIONS I LOVE DAT GUY
i could tell haminations made this beacuse of the grass and the cartoony animations
Jacksepticeye is perfect in this vid
Pin me plz
why is ranboo vibrating
Did you ask hamation for help because your video looks like hamation work
I'm not even 10 seconds in and can already tell Haminations animated this lmaoo
The Ireland story LMAO BECAUSE MY BEST FRIEND LIVES IN IRELAND 😂
what happened to the thumbnail.
your biggest mistake was going to northern ireland
Me:ham-hamination is is that uu
Damn this is good lmao.
Why are f*** are you bringing up my country I am from Belfast
If you watch lumpy touch you were able to know when he was animating
Bro I almost forgot this isn't hamanimations💀🤚
The fact Tommy thinks incest is legal in America is painful
They got the boys
You stole Haminations art style
The font is animated by odd1sout and the video haminations
So the odd 1 out helped and haminations helped wow i no them i watch them wow
U such  a good anamater
why is so many blonde animators so violent and why do i love it
I like how every 3 minutes the animation style is different and made by someone else like the first second of the video everybody knows it made by haminition ms the pary where Tommy says I need new friends made by odds1out there is alot more
Why is the animation in this video done by Haminations and Imfamous Swoosh but the YouTube thumbnail is drawn in the odd1sout style?  Edit - nevermind theodd1sout helped animate this video
literally reminded me of Odds 1 out, it's really cool bro!
Is Hamations your animator??
You copied hamination
ur first and last girlfriend ngl
Whoever subcribed 👇
emmy. em + tommy = E M M Y
Freddy doing a little trolling
POV: you recognize all the animators
W O M A N
I love how I could immediately recognized hams ( one of the animators) art style 💀
Oh My God ITS A COLLABE WITH SOMETHINGELSEYT AND DANTDM!
Haminations vibe
Lol nice collabs dude.
Let's go northern ireland
hey it hamina-LUMPY TUCH!?!?!?!?
This man is a terrible boyfriend
no fucking way he got LumpyTOUCH IN IT!
Haminations much?
😮😮
Goerge really likes dream XD
🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔YES
mum am i apdopd?
I feel the hamination power in me!!
2:37 I knew this was LumpyTouch just by looking at it.
“My friends will be cool!” Everyone on earth 1 seconds later: ok that was a lie they are idiots
You use funny what about this video? 😳🤨 and I live in belfast so!….
wasn’t expecting haminations to animate
am I the only that saw haminations written on a trash can in the beginning
How?!? I got a girlfriend before you gg
*NOOO TOMMY! YOU CHANGED THE TITLE!!! IT USED TO BE GIRLFRIEND STORIES ANIMATEDDDD*
“my friend wilba is a good friend he mocks me he even beats me up if he cares about me” SOORRY TOMMY THAT DOESNT SOUND LIKE GOOD FRIEND BEHAVIOR.
Haminations wtfffs *What the flip for flip sake*
The Jacksepticeye part had me DYING😂
Ireland description is pretty accurate 😢
I love how everyone draws Wilbur with a trench coat
I bet haminations has started the video
I LIKE THE WAY THE ART STYLE CHANGES
Very nice video
Bruh you need to treat your friends better because that is why they have been doing this to you!
Reincarnate the head 1:50 O_O Omg Hanimations is there
I like how he changes animations
SCREW YOU TOMMY WE DONT DATE OUR SIBLINGS
Yo 0:30 my boy hamination!
Hey haminations
Bro collabed with 10252 animators
just jack at the end
Tommy:” in the UK you can’t date your family Me: Screams in Alabama
I LOVE IT!!!
Go watch a Bryson video then come back at see if their similar
knew it was hamations
When you watch all these people lol
TOMMY GETS BITCHS COMFED
wheres the word funny then?
You can tell that these two are gonna be together for a long time
haminations idk icecreamsandwich idk idk  odd1sout idk idk idk idk if idk idk?
then quit..
Bro copied haminations 💀💀💀💀💀
Bruh stole the art styles of the odd1sout Brysons animation form and iscream and brysons brothers art
7:13 what ┏┳━┳┳┓┏┳
He cares about me don’t you Wilbur?  Complete scilence
in your defense, SHE SAID SHE WAS FINE. DONT SAY YOUR FINE WHEN YOU AREN'T FINE! her own fault, terrible GIRLFRIEND behavior, and I ain't even that big of a fan of your content, so dont even act like i'm being ridiculous. it's like "im not hungry, I promise I'm not." then steals your food. 3:10-3:21  also good incest joke. it's BAD over here. help us... please...
I love how he does all the the animators type
This is my favorite part :) 1:25
YO HAMINATIONS?????????
Tommy's voice is very slowly changing into DanTDM's
HAMINATIONS?!
The way there was like 20 different animator styles
The hamination animation is so obvious
i love that described belfast so well i live there and the descibtion is on point
Now thats how it feels to be in ireland expect i dont recommend going to northen Ireland since thats where illegal stuff is selled most of the time 😅
NO WAY HAMINATIONS
haminations
2:51 is this lumpy touch?
First, I was hating Tommy. Than I was just watching it because I like to make fun of his British accent. Than I strated to love him. Than I quit and didn't watch him like 1-2 years. Than I saw him at youtube shorts. And I liked the video. Then immediately this video came to my home page. And you are awsome Tommy! Sorry for grammar, from Turkey🇹🇷🦃
The part when it said george was seeing his husband was funny asf
Wait crumb helped animate this?!
Haminations style
Man LumpyTouch's part is really good!
IN THE FIRST 2 SECONDS I RELISED THAT MY DUDE HAMINATIONS DID IT AND THEN I SAW SWOOSH AND THE REST
I IMMEDIATELY KNEW WHO ANIMATED THE FIRST ONE
Why does this look like Haminations
This was to good
I love this sm I need more of these stories
Freddy was an absolute jerk for bringing that up first time meeting his best friend's girlfriend but I want to be clear factually speaking he is correct 50% of all boyfriend girlfriend and marriage based romantic relationships will end in divorce or breakup that's just a fact but it was still incredibly rude and incredibly inappropriate for Friday to bring that up    Tommy that was not flirting unless you intended it to be flirting you were making a joke the fact that I thought you were flirting is an issue that you need to have a discussion with her about
Haminations rip off
GEORGE IS GAY    Just like me
I love Haminations,Theodd1sout and InfamousSwoosh
Sweet home Alabama
i saw the bike scene and was like BRUH this looks like Lumpy stuff, AND IT IS holeh moleh this video is a huge collab
Bro at the starting when i clicked on it dawg i knew haminations was gonna be here dawg
this animation reminds me off Hamiltons
WHEN THE VIDEO STARTED I RELIEZED THIS IS HAMANIATONS ART STYLE LOL
Notes: -Don't cheat  -Don't go to ireland 👍
Why is this animation like haminations😅😂😂
Very hamminations type of animations
HIMATIONS
Pretty late on this but Yeah I was in the 50% that ended breaking up though it was over something confusing and a hacker was involved who was the cause of it ;-;
Why is this look like it's animated by Haminatoin  Edit: oh...
"Oh just kill a women. Feeling good"
honestly expected jaiden to be here too
I thought this looked like a Haminations video lol
Tim tom
Imfanitswosh
Mamanathions
FUCKING HAMINATIONS CLONE!! THIS LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE HAMINATIONS
Who is the Odd1sout?
I love the Pokémon bike ride part!
Infamous swoosh
Haminations
TOMMY ODDS1OUT MOMENT??
i already clicked off but before i did i left a like
Are you guys even dating still?
0:38 great haedphones
yesssssssssssssss
U know the start was animated by hanimatiom
bro just left out brody
I love how Bryson a.k.a Haminations animated the animators as credits
I recognized EVERYONE'S animation lol😂
4:00 *inhale* SWEET HOME ALABAMA
I know all of them lol! Even LumpyTouch? This is awesome
AWH I ENJOYED WATCHING THIS LOL YOURE WELCOME!! <333
When I saw the animation style I thought it looked familiar
the little sexy arrow at 0:30 💀💀💀
1:40 bro knew what he was doing.
wait you are not gay?
nice sister
initial title:girlfriend stories animated
LOL
I can see all the different animation styles
I remembered the original thumbnail
Damn, You need to change up these animation styles because these barely change
Hi😀☺️👋
I had to stop of the video to get a good laugh in on the sibling joke
Can yaal tell me witch style is witch youtuber?  I only know the thumbnail by oddonesout and the 1st clip by haminations
You  hamain
Ha lol
I recognise one of the cartoon types. Is his name James?
Thats my home town too
This was an interesting collab
Oh… balls 😭😭😭😭
Love how my fav animators helped u animati this
100% knew TheOdd1sout, InfamousSwoosh, Haminations and Sad-ist were helping animate this. Their art styles are just so recognizable lmao. Same with Crumb. Also at the start of Adamx scene- *The way Ranboo was shaking*
THEODD1SOUT
Tommy cheated on tubbo 😭
i like the change in animation style bc of different animators
ayo haminations?
So thats why the animation was familiar... it was helped animated by Hamination!!! Btw hamination is an animator who looks younger than his age...
I absolutely love how men try to be less silly when having a gf
I've got a girlfriend to
We love the haminations animations
4:01 💀💀‼️⁉️⁉️TOM THATS ILLEGAL HERE TOO
I could tell what artist made every part and it was cool!
did anyone realize this thumbnail is stolen?
AND THE ODD1SOUT HELPED YOU HOLY SH!T
TESCO EXTRA BY ULSTER UNI WAS OPEN ON ST PADDIES DAY, I LEGIT HAD A MEAL DEAL  Also apart from ye nans dinner, we eat complete shite
haminations helped you make this video?cool
Hold up wait a minute this is Hammond Nation style
0:00 - 0:32 Haminations
yea no shit
The fact that Tubbo Has A Specific Spot On His Couch 💀
2:11 gave me Sr.Pelo vibes
Y'ALL FORGOT JAIDEN NOOOO
Hamnaitons
Why does this look like a haminations video
I KNEW THAT HAMINATIONS WORKED ON THIS!
Pick me
omg dSMP animator god sadist animated this
In America 🇺🇸 it's also illegal to date your siblings, well depending on which state your in but it's still weird here to. Some people have different opinions on it but I don't have one.
ur style looks like haminations and ur thumbnail looks like theodd1sout
Great animating Tommy level 10/10 animation ❤ your videos they make me feel so happy inside that your videos are so cool. I really want meet you one day (because being honest with you you’re my favourite) :) ok bye
hold up, is it ligall to date your sibling in America?!?!?!
Man lump dump styles nice
I love that every single story has its own art style changes.
Northern Ireland is bad go to Dublin its the best
.....
freddy do a little T R O L L I N G
H A M WE HAD OOO NOW WE HAVE HAMNATIONS B I T C H damn 4 months ago me was very weird
you know when youve watched to many story time animmators to when you know the animation style of the youtuber
No joke, this animation made me laugh until my ribs started hurting 😂
It looks like haminations
0:31 WHAT THE HELL
Nice, changed the thumbnail and u made us believe a new one was coming and you'd double the views. Nice impressive
5:01 sweat  hone alabama
2:52 I think that if someone is uncomfortable, they should be able to say so, It is not his fault. She said she was fine. She did have the option to say that she was uncomfortable, but she didn't, and he just believed her. 😅
“TO GO BE WITH HIS HUSBAND”
“HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO??!”
Everyone did so well with each of their segments
6:43 I have no idea what jack is saying but I love it 😂
bro went to belfast expectint a good time, what a fool
I like how there's different art style
Let me guess, the intro was made by haminations and the thumbnail hy theodd1sout. I watch them and recognize their work anywhere. And the odd1sout animated at 4:00
I could instantly tell who animated parts of the video
Hamination booiiiii
I CANT BELIEVE HAMINATIONS HELPED WITH THIS!
0:31 we love sexy haminations .w.
The amount of all the different styles of animations in the video is amazing.
6:54 ITS JACK LMAO
bro coppied hamanations💀
HANAMATIONS
Is it just me? Or do these animations look like Haminations
i feel like odd1sout fingers was in the thumbnail lol
I love how the animation changes through out the video into every single animators style
I'm from belfast!
as an irish person this insulted me
GOOD JOB TOMMY I NEVER THOUGHT YOU COULD DO IT
Sr pelo really should been here lol
isn't he gay?
This is my dream animation collab. It was so cool noticing everyone's styles  Kind of made me feel like a geek   But it was so cool!
YOOO HE HIRED HAMINATIONS
why im a terrible boyfriend (HILARIOUS)
wtf animated
I didn't expect jacksepticeye XD
@
Wait
I wanna believe big T purposefully ignored Tommy's gf because she took the bro seat.... Not cool.
I wanna believe big T purposefully ignored Tommy's gf because she took the bro seat.... Not cool.
Haminations!
im tommyinnits gf
1:42 Freddy:Hey guys did you know, 50% of relationships ALWAYS ends in break ups? Tommy:Trying not to DESTROY their FRIENDSHIP
4:33 BAHA
2024 tommy could be single again 😂
JACKSEPTICI
Tommy doing dumb crap for the lols, only for Em to explain to him calmly why he shouldn't do that is relationship goals. No getting mad, no accusations, just helping Tommy realize how oblivious he was lmao.
Goddamn, Tommy pretty much started his own MAP but for an animated storytime video! xD I can't tell you how hype it is seeing SADist working on this after all she's done with the Dream SMP, and ComplexityRoss and LumpyTouch too!
face reavel
nah made him back to hes final form
HAMINATIONSSSSSSS THATS WHY THEY LOOK SO FAMILIAR
“Too go be with his husband” I literally burst out laughing 😂
I feel like SmokeeBee helped with the video 1:21 looks like SmokeeBee's style of drawing
i saw some lumpy touch in there im pretty sure
I love how you are animates be 3 of my favorite animators 1:haminations  2:infamous swoosh 3:theodd1sout
DID I SEE LUMPY TOUCH AS ANIMATOR
What is Haminations doing here
how did he found so many animators! is he a mafia boss lol
I like how odd1sout, haminations, I think infamous swoosh, and Icecream sandwich animated it. And yes there is more people but I don’t recognize them.
Bro got all the best animators on this  Edit:  Jayden is a good animator too
You know I feel like Tommy is going to catch some amount of hell for the various things in this video but I would like to remind anyone who wants to do that: man is not used to being in a relationship, I don't know if this is his Actual First Girlfriend or not but it's New, things like not understanding the polite "I don't mind" are not, in fact, necessarily common sense behaviors - you have to learn them. Also the events here were probably dramatized a good bit for YouTube.  You're doing well so far if these are your worst stories!
The Americans might not get this one had me CACKLING
the george not found story was very fuuny lmao hahhahaha.
theres so many things happening, i love it.
I mean this is legit just tommyinnit hamination
I LOVE THE VID
I recognised everything one of these art styles 👏
I love the different styles
LMOALMOAMLOA
Okay but why is the third art style are so cute 😭💝
Tommy... Belfast is in Northern Ireland not Ireland 💀
I live in Belfast and I can say it is 100% like That
Hehe icecreamsandwich :3
Wait...... Did the title just change or....
i am a HUGE haminations fan, so when i clicked on this video i screamed. "IS THAT DAH HAMINATIONS ART STYLE??!!?" very good video tommy, glad other youtubers helped animate.
odd ones out to hamination it even has the killing jokes thats alot of animation style
Glad to know haminations was apart of this, he’s a great animator.
HAMINATIONS AND TOMMYINNIT COLLAB
Oh so he asked haminations
DID HE REALLY GET JACK TO DO A VOICE OVER???????
Haminations?
when tommy said "oh, balls" i cracked up XD
News flash wilbur doesn’t 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Omg lol
the other end in death
Tommy's parents: "we're sorry you have to deal with him" 😂
I just watched hamination
Did they really just play a little bit of that's what I like by Bruno Mars in the end don't think I didn't catch that I caught that now you better jump in that Cadillac
I can tell that hamanations made the first part And theodd1sout made another one
Bro stole hamnations art style 💀
Which portion was sadist?
HAMINATIONS YES...I KNEW BRYSON HAD SUM TO DO WITH THIS >:3
Gf face rev plz
Bro tryna be haminations
"its illegal to date your sibling in england" same in america... unless u live in alabama or smthn
Bro forgot mui
aww balls
Next time u go to Ireland, trust me, go to dublin they have loads of shops and fast food. And for god sakes don’t go to FECK OFF BELFAST
Kewl animation
Pretty sure it’s illegal here to except maybe Alabama 3:57
I feel like I’m watching a ham animation
bro violated americans
Wait..he has a girlfriend? Wow that poor girl..
I knew from the first view that haminations is an animator here And odd1souy cuz the thumbnail says it and the effects are probably by lumpy touch
Instantly knees hanimations or whatever the name is was helping when I saw the first clip of animation lol
2:38 im very sure @LumpyTouch made this one. If you didnt know LumpyTouch is the guy who made the undertale fangame ,,bad monday simulator’’
Again, do i even have to say it? Tommy and Wilbur are Brothers from another Mother
WHY DID YOU DRAW CUPTOAST LIKE THAT-
Bro hes copyng oddonesout And haminamotison
ham-innit
YES I KNEW THIS WAS HAMINATIONS BY THE FIST 5 SECONDS
HAMINATIONS INFAMOUS SWOOSH!?!?!?
Hamination 🔥
I’m sorry but tommy just took haminations and theodd1sout and COMBINED THEM WITH HIS VOICE and I think I love it
willbur just does the most random and crazy shit ever
I love how the animation changes like every minute 😂
In the pixel art section I instantly knew it was lumpy and I thought “oh shit what’s lumpy gonna do now”
Tubbo bit: the awkward silence Wilbur bit: Concerned older brother Sibling bit: .... SWEET HOME ALABAMA, WHERE THE SKYS ARE SO BLUE...
0:32 HAM
You should’ve- 0:30  oh…
I passed away when Wilbur asked em those questions, haha. We need more random Wilbur stories, especially with em.
I love how I can instantly tell whose art style is being used at any given time
Damn, this is an all-star cast of the top YouTube animators. Was cool!
This video is 5 fave YouTube in 1 video
legend says George still has not talked to him since..
This kind of like hananatons
ik it had to be haminations
i did not stop laphing the entiertime (sorry i's got bad grammer sindrom  cant spell it)
I love how even with tommy’s sweet british voice haminations makes him threatening😂
Haminations if he was british
The first part of the video IMMEDIATELY I KNEW haminations!!
4:35 DNF IT'S REAL!?
0:16 random Charlie brown reference
This may be an unpopular opinion, but I don't think Tommy was being a bad boyfriend for continuing the bike ride. If you say literally the opposite of what you mean, why is it the other person's job to decipher it?
The poor lad describes Ireland the way Americans describe the UK,,,
Welcome to Alabama
saving this 3:51
Go somewhere that isn't controlled by the UK In Ireland I mean
I KNEW HAMINATIONS DID THIS THE SECOND I SAW IT
Is anybody gonna talk about this- 4:34
I NEW BRISE aka HAMINATER WOULD BE THERE 😂
Hamination fans knows that this is a straight copy
Ain't no one gonna talk about how Tommy said George was going to his husband at 4:32?
The biggest colab on YouTube excluding Smp's
Bro o was 2 MONTHS LATE
From all these art styles, i think  I know most of them. The first one is Haminations, the second one is InfamousSwoosh, the third one was IceCreamSandwich, the fourth one was I don’t even know, the fifth one is cuptoast, the sixth one is TheOdd1sOut, the seventh one is I don’t know, the eighth one is I don’t know, the ninth one is I don’t know, and the tenth one is I don’t know.
Its the nasty patty lol
I can see which creators had where
I just realized at the outro if you listen very closely you can hear a little bit of Bruno Mars song that what I like because we all know why I don't even have to say it.
glad there is a jacksepticeye reference
Bro don't worry, i would have been 10x worse
If northern Ireland ever becomes one with Ireland he’s gonna have a real bad time getting a passport
“George had to go to Florida to be with his husband “ we all know who the husband is 😏
I like how haminations put for a split sec that he is sexy
Bro became haminations 💀
Herobrine is in the backround of the bike part
I knew it! Bryson helped?
ik who's hanimations
I like how this animation looks like its from Haminations
Oh wow the title changed
The thumb nail looks like it was created by the odd one out and the haminations
Is her name Emily
I knew when I saw the art and when he grabbed that person arm and squeezed it until blood flow was cut off hammimation (don’t know if I spelled it right) helped with this video
My balls are itchy.
Changed thumbnail
Sweet home Alabama
As soon as I saw this I new brison animated a bit of this
They are kinda of partner goals, not gonna lie
I have tried that same burger IT IS TERABLE!
Tubbo is mad about his spot
i immediately clicked on this when i realized it had james' artstyle, pleasently surprised to see aton of animators i used to watch work on this, the fact that lumpytouch actually worked on this is amazing
i love how i can tell what part were edited by each animater
you added them
never mind
yo stop coping Haminations and oddones out
bro changed the title
Surprising that I have a girlfriend
i instantly recognized haminations part
I think Tommy is trying to mock my home Northern Ireland 😭😭
I just watched this video why are almost all of my favorite animation YouTubers here
I KNEW HAMINATIONS WORKED ON THIS
am i the only one to relise that these animations are from Haminations?
When you need an Irishman in your video, who you gonna call… Jacksepticeye!
Your problem was going to Northern Ireland probably idk tbh
Imagine not living in Ireland
SAD-IST MY BELOVED
i wonder how drista is
This is so funny
Glad you knew
We need more of these. Thx Tom.
So many styles
I hate it
You know what I’m 28 I’m not getting any younger it’s time to start doing the animations…
Bro this is knockoff Haminations
its like hamination
Why does it say Ives watched this WHEN HAVE I WATCHED THIS 😅
ess go
Bro just changes the thumbnail and title LMAO
tommy do you remember me. i was the guy who met you on the plane on the way back from ireland. i was like 'oh s**t! it's tommyinnit!!!'
Freddy tried too rizz her up 💀💀💀
I only recgnized 3 of the animators lol.
The start killed me
Well, you know you don’t have to be asked how you are who you are you could just not be acknowledged to you know plus if you knew he doesn’t wanna talk to you because you’re weird
Tommy made a mistake when he let Bryson do whatever
The collab we all needed
Haminations is best and swoosh
Who remembers the original title? “Girlfriend Stories ANIMATED!” if I remember…
Should I pay to join the community
4:02 @TheOdd1sOut 😂
POV you only clicked on the video coz you realized your favorite animators are in it
I already know when Hamiation or Odd1sOut is animating
Finally Tommy have girlfriend 🥳
why does tommyinnit in the thumbnail look like bowser in the mario movie poster
4:29
4:29
3:56
bro really stole haminations character
I am requesting more tommyinnit animations
in america you cant date siblings? at least i think we cant
LMAO
Me: is this the odd1sout? Or that one other guy?
I NEED MORE
i think thats haminations style
I'm happy!! But hope you're not quiting YouTube
Hey that the odd guy
Hamnations?
Can we call this a M.A.P?. . . I do not know- Will I? Yes Great job animating to everyone that pitched in! 10936851927916836475917739/10, amazing video that turned out hilarious!
Hey this is a mashup of a few drawing styles:Haminations and theoddonesout are the ones I recognise 😅
The oddonesout or haminations animated this
6:47 BWAHHAHAHA I SOUND LIKE THIS   NAH IM JOKING    JOKING THAT IM JOKING   JOKING THAT IM JOKING THAT IM JOKING           BTW IM IRISH
I can tell hamination made the first animation from the art style
I love the bit with bee boy in😂😂😂
I think you meant haminations.AND HIS TWO ANIMATION TEAM!!!
sry but the cylcling part is common sense if she is dying. the i dont mind part true its confusing but she was dying
he says the others are idiots AHEM i felt like the biggest was always tommy
I recognized a few of these animations
did you guys see the part where Haminations is called sexy with an arrow pointing that to him? he is the one who animated this (i rrecognize his artstyle i watch him).its in the very beginning
Bro, why’d you disrespect Ireland?
Glitch, Inez creator, I forgot the name of pixelated the creator I mean
Bryson?
British
4:34 I knew it
did anyone notice that sad-ist was there?
shoulda looked for a potato. I heard they do those best.
bro i really like how you change up the style of animation for the people that helped with the vid
OMG HAMINATIONS, AND LUMPY TOUCH, AND ICE CREAM SANDWICH!!!!!! JACEPTICEYE
Tommy never repeat what you said at 4:00 in the vid
as an american, alabama is not america
Ur u still dating lol
Why do the animations change so much
as a fan and constant viewer of ALL the animators that helped i was just like watching and i would be like THATS ODD ONES OUT or like THATS HAMINATIONS
the fact that icecreamsandwich's @ is not blue... also amazing video and W animators
Lumpy touché is here
I feel like that wasnt the title before
why did you change the title ;-;
i love how he uses the haminations style
Did tommy innit copied all of the animator ppl or he just voice it and @IceCreamSandwich @Haminations @theodd1souat @Checkers @LumpyTouch @AdamX @InfamousSwoosh @ComplexlyRoss @Sad-ist and @Cuptoast just animated the animation different time
British Haminations is that you
He got every animation YTer and made this vid
why did the title look like the odd1sout drawings now it looks like haminations
HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO??!?!??!!? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
U got animated by haminatoins
man tommys friends are wierd
This really looks like a Haminations video
I love all the different animation styles paired with the amazing stories, should make more of this!
HAMINATIONS??? ID RECOGNISE THAT ANIMATION AND ART STYLE ANYWHERE
Lumpy Touch in this Video!?
Did Wilbur ask if she liked anteaters yet?
At first I thought this was an odd1sout video cause of the thumbnail
Belfast is the worst county go to Galway
How did you meet 🤔🤔🤔
yes this was 2 months ago but this is VeRy CoOl
Joke * because he is gay lol
I like how jack is the pub owner
I could tell theodd1sout and hamination made this
killed my girl friend felling good
I KNEW IT BRYSON HELPED WITH THIS ANIMATION
Hi
T O O M U C H S T Y L E S
let bryson out of your basement tommy
HOW MANY PEOPLE DID YOU GET TO WORK ON THIS
I recognize every single artist
Ireland  yes sir
its not 50% its 70%-💀
why is nobody talking about tommy completely failing to pick up that he'd just hit on a lady in front of his girlfriend i'm dying
Last part is my favourite
He looks like Haminations 💀
The Haminations part is the best
Bro, why the thumbnail change, like a few weeks ago, it was different, now, it is changed
ngl this is giving off Haminations, Brody Animates, and the Infamous Swoosh type of animation lol
Hello uaminatikns.
dude as soon as i saw it I was like haminations???
HAMANATIONS
TO GO BE WITH HIS HUSBAND??
If tommy can get a gf I can
The style of this animation looks a lot like "Haminations" tho
bryson animated
0:21 We all know this idea was from haminations. The iconic death stare, amazing.
"Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband-" that caught me off guard and now I cannot stop wheezing
my boy wilbur askin the real questions
wait I've cream sandwich animated for a Tommy innit video??
George really said “bomBASTIC side eye”
4:12 - 4:29 HOME SWEET HOME ALABAMA
He worked hamantions maybe odd1sout
@haminations
so noww u reached your dream of some sort🤔
I honestly think that this was hilarious. Some ppl i know are saying its stupid but in my opinion this was hysterical!
TheOdd1sOut animatef your videos right i watch him a lot and these animations are really similar
Wait a min I’m half Irish-
I SHALL SET THE DANCING ANIMATED TOMMY FREEEEEEEEEEE
He ships Dreamnotfound...    He is a shipper now, and there is no going back.
6:14 SANS REFERENCE?!?/???/??
I like how you can tell which animator animated which part by just their style
You’ve changed the title and thumbnail
As soon as I saw the art style I knew that haminations did it
He kind of looks like @haminations
tommy i love you no matter what you do
Why it's changed
Wilbur is so real tho
HAMINATED!!
0:00 Haminations  0:33 Swoosh 1:21 Icecreamsandwich 2:30 Lumpytouch 3:20 CupToast 3:56 TheOdd1sOut 4:29 Complexlyross 5:18 Adamx 5:55 Checkers 6:37 Sad-ist
From the thumbnail I knew TheOdd1sOut worked on this and when I first clicked I knew Haminations worked on this🤣🤣🤣🤣
That Ireland part is true tho not even going to deny it
I love how I can tell at all the points in the video which animator drew them (I spend to much time watching animations on youtube lol)
This animation has to be one of the best I have seen. Good job to all of the animators.
Ooh I see I was boutta ask is this animated by haminations but then I saw all the other styles
If the animation in the video was done by haminations then why does the thumbnail look like theodd1sout animation
When George goes on drugs😂😂😂 4:31
Omg every animator in existance 0:32
You inmate like hanimations
6:46 OH MY GOD YOU AND JACK PULLED THIS SCENE OFF SQUEAKY CLEAN
Is Bryson's animaters animating for you.
(4:29-5:18) bro this was the cutest animation and...the funniest story...nice prank Tommy! 🤣
wait do you know hamamations because this looks like his videos and you guys should be freinds sence you guys are both children
👌 🆗️ ok
I love this animation.
No way, dude had odd1sout, icecreamsandwich , Lumpytouch,Haminations AND Swoosh. This is epic
Omg why haven't this go into my recommended 😭😭😭
he would suck as a bf lol
Why did he change the title…
this is good so many different animations
Anyone in the UK I recommend going to Belfast Ireland to go see where the titanic was built
Tommy, it's fine woman don't make sense
5:08 I LAUGHED SO HARD HERE LMAO
no way u collabed with my 2 fav animators (haminations and odd1sout) and i never knew until now. bruh they never mentioned this on their channels
This is so funny...............................................................................................................................................  Help me please I'm being held hostage
Wilbur
I have those animaters stly bruned into my head
He gets females wow 🤩
I could instantly tell haminations helped make this just by seeing tommy in like the first few frames
HAM
as soon as I saw the first second of the video I knew haminations animated this (my fav story time yt)
I can't believe the odd1sout helped
HUSBAND!
Tommy confirmed that dream and georgenotfound are gays
What the heck
Only chads remember when this had an *extremely sus thumbie*
Whos the animator in 4:32
You change the title and the thumbnail
Bro I’m Irish  The “Burgers” Aren’t That Bad… I Think-
0:31 WHAT KIND OF CAPTION OF BRYSON WAS THAT?!
Wait, the first bits of the video are in the animation style Haminations use...
UHM WHY DIDNT I KNOW TOMMY WAS IN MY COUNTRYYY 😭😭
Why is the thumbnail made by James and the animation is made by haminations.
So the thumbnail is made by theodd1sout and the video is animated by haminations,(and more) nice.
love ice cream sandwiches animations xx
Ireland isn't a part of the UK AHHHHHHHHH
bro stole odd1isout thumbnail designs
6:46 The way SAD-ist draws jack LOOKS SO FREAKING GOOD!
I am from Ireland was it raining
Well I guess tommys girlfriend has low standards to date tommy
Hero brine when they were riding bikes💀
The American’s not understanding is awesome
Bro I’m from Ireland and let me give you a tip: if you want a nice vacation dont go to Belfast. Litterally go anywhere else. Infact don’t go to the north of Ireland go to the republic it’s better Edit: I’m half northern Irish and half Irish
To
Me and my little cousin were watching this and then her reaction when she realizes that tommy has a gf now she was simping on tommy so hard 😂😂
TOAST, CHECKERS, LUMPY TOUCH SURPRISINGLY, ROSS, SWOOSH, HAMINTER, ODD1SOUT, ICECREAM, AND ADAMS IN ONE VIDEO? CRAZY
The thumbnail is a theodd1outs thumbnail but the animation is a hamnations animation
its so easy to find the fact that in the starting of the video, @Haminations is in control lol
tommy didnt copy haminations, he specifically said in the description ANIMATORS: @Haminations
Haminations animated the Best
4:45 it looks like fairly odd parents vibes
Yes
ANIMATEED BY HAMINATIONS???????
I love how Sad-ist’s mask has the chad face 🤣
Knew it was Hamination because I can recognise the detail!
Ey I'm irish
As someone WHO ACTUALLY LIVES IN BELFAST i can agree everything is gray oh yeab and the food sucks, go to McDonald's we have those. IM SO SAD I DIDNT GO OUT TO TOWN THAT DAY
did brisin do this? i know i did not spell it right
The end jump in the cadalac
For some reason the part where you said, you had a girlfriend sound in a bit too fake
Your the dam NPC that I was looking for
WTF
Odd 1s out
Bryson
Haha
hi tommy you are such an inspiration and i love your content so much <3
Haminatoins
Freddy be spelling facts since my gf broke up  with me
George: yOu hAvE a sIstaWh?!?!😱
This like hamnatoins but this sooo cook
Wait I know this animation style
I recognized every artist here
i love the fact the so many different animating styles
The GoreField Animation is still legit awesome
:(
Didnt know he had a girlfriend
epic vid
I feel your pain I swear every where in Belfast shuts so late 😂
infamous swoosh would like your IP
wait, you can ride a bike
Does anyone think that at 0:31 all of dem animators look like hitmen waiting to kill you?
Hey tommy guess what....
When the thumbnail has changed?
I'm in Ireland 🇮🇪
4:00 savage
IRELAND. IS. NOT. A. PART. OF. THE. UNITED KINGDOM YOU- sorry.
The title changed ?
Bro hired about a lot of animators for this Video
Noo way my boy got hamations in it
i came back to watch ths video only to find that the thumbnail and title have changed-
Here in the US it still would be off putting if you kissed your sister
for a sec i thought you copied haminations animation style
The will but one just Wilbur why why Wilbur funny as hell tho
When I saw the thumbnail I was like: that’s theodd1sout animation……
I couldn't stop laughing.....
Are you and tubbo getting a divorce?
the style looks like Haminations
Why did you change it lmao, the other one made more sense for what the video was
wilbur want to keep you safe i gusses
Wait why is the title changed to “Why I am a Bad Boyfriend” wasn’t it “Girlfriend Animated Stories” 😅
New thumbnail-
shouldnt have gone to northern ireland
Came back for the thumbnail and title
OMG Tommy this is by far the best Animation that I have ever seen 🎉❤❤❤
Hammond nations :3
WAIT⚠️JESUS IS COMING BACK SOONER THAN YOU THINK💭🔜!!You may think  God is MAD AT YOU😡⁉️But the truth is, He’s madly in love with YOU❤️!!The door to repentance is closing FAST🚪💨!ACCEPT JESUS CHRIST AND GET RIGHT WITH GOD BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!!!✝️⏰🕊
That’s not nice Phil
Wait he changed the cover and name of this video lol
Umm, tommy what is that new thumbnail?
This is very well animated
Thing is about Wilbur he asks weird questions ON PURPOSE
The Irish food can be a bit off and I live in Ireland and it’s always raining
i live in belfast :))))))))))
More like CHUETORIAL
YOU CHANGED THE NAME OF THE VIDEO, WHY??
is this glitch patched
Is tubbo, Ranboo and Wilbur autism?.
Start by haminations 0:00 ends at 0:33 now it’s infamous swoosh and that ends 1:21 no its ice cream Sandwich complexly Ross starts and ends 5:18 and Adam x starts and ends idk if it ends so I’m not gonna count it and i can’t find any other animators so yea ur welcome
BRO IS A HAMINATION  FAN I LIKE HAMINATION IM SUBED
Yooooo my fav IceCreamSandwich <3
Make more stories
hear me out what if its dreams sister?
As someone from Northern Ireland, I am pleased you got the best service we have to offer
Are you trying if you are please empty TV
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤪😍🤪😍😍🤪🤪😍🤪🤪🤪😍🌺🧭🚑🏍️🏍️🏍️🏍️🏍️
Shark question is ez the wobbegong
I know that design from anywhere! I instantly knew that art style!
I'm irish and I'm sorry bout the burgers. I SWEAR THEY ALL DONT TAIST LIKE IT
I love how you can tell which animater animated this lol
Why is your animation like hamanimations
'Before moving to Florida to be with his husband' That got me laughing XD
😭😭😭
Yo there's was lumpy touch
George was like: sweet home Alabama
bro the animation lumpy did XDDD
am GUY
The amount of times my jaw DROPPED during this is ungodly
As someone who lives in Belfast almost everything he said is true  the place with the most places open is around the titanic quarters
Let’s go hamination was In it
4:04, Tommy just nonchalantly roasted the entirety of America and I find it hilarious.
I knew the 1st animation was made by haminations because of the art style :D
5:07 I can't with george 💀
Bro changes his animation style rapidly
I recongize like half of the animations
Ahhhhhhh I got banned off pvp legacy
butters
Bro That's just a normal Ireland Saturday
1:48 a true freedy badlinu moment
I loved the vid but pleeeeease just use 1 animator plez
Hamnations, TheOdd1sOut and the Sadist and Tommyinnit in one video? Perfect!
I’m surprised haminations and Tommyinnit did a collab
So is no one gonna talk about how it is legal to date siblings!!!! LIKE WHAT!!!!
Omg you have a girlfriend that’s was so lucky for you
*Ew*
Gnf's face is  good
THE OUTRO MUSIC... WHO DID IT
Ur welcome I live in Ireland
HAMINATIONS
i have a VERY important question…what is her favourite shark?
Jackseptici at 7:02 is funny
Sid i just see my favorite animator? Hamination
😂😂😂😂 I love your videos, that’s why I subbed
As soon as I saw the thumbnail I instantly thought about hamanatuons and then I learned he help make it
There aint no way haminations animated tommy
You know every time the story changes the style does as well
All I see is
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Ham
Is that jack
This is basically just ham, ham as the meat
the fact you have to tell the American viewers like me you cant date siblings
When you went to Ireland, why did you not go to Lurgan because there is a cafe called New Haven and it serves breakfast from 7-11am and then Lunch 12-4pm and then they close!
I wish Technoblade could watch this😢
4:35 george thinking about marrying dream 😃👍🗿
Bryson
Wilbur kinda reminds me of my brother... One time we were walking down the hallway and he just randomly asked "Whats your favorite type of dishwasher" and to this day I have no idea what type of answer did he want 😂
Haminations type of animating at start
i live in northern ireland
i can immeadiately tell haminations animated a part of the video
0:00 hanimations 0:34 InfamousSwoosh 1:22 IcecreamSandwich 2:30 lumpyTouch 3:20 crumb 3:56 theodds1out 4:29 complexlyross 5:18 AdamX 5:55 Checkers 6:37 Sad-Ist
bro has 50 diffrent animation styles 💀
Don’t worry the Wilber part I understand one of my friends interrogated my boyfriend and asked so many questions
I KNEW BRYSON HAD SOMETHING TO DO WITH THIS!!!
in no place, world, planet, or multiverse would i have thought Tommyinnit would have a thumbnail in an Oddonesout art style
I live in Ireland. It is not that bad. He probably went to UK Ireland no seriously it’s not that bad I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Dude I expected James but lumpy ice cream sandwich an ham threw me off
0:04 I see a ham
the part with wilbur not saying anything to u make me laugh so there was spit on the screen.....u always make me laugh tommy! even tho i have depression
Jack at 6:43 was funny XD
Why dose this look like it was only animated by @Haminations
LMFAO JACK IN THE END BABAHAHAHA
0:30  hilarious😂
Those styles of animation are from other youtubers
Is that Irish man Markiplier? 6:46
I knew haminatoins Brody animates and odds ones out helped edit this animation
Cool
Okay but the fact that he said   "Ow! And my fellow Americans- you might not understand. But in Britain you can date your siblings"   That go me 😂
The odd ones out!!!!!! ❤❤❤❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥🔥🔥🔥🥹🥹🥹
what are you watching soldier, theirs a red spy in the base!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also Dream is not gay
Tommy you do not need to curse and GORDGE and DREAM. ARE. NOT MARRIED
Changing every thing into a different YouTube
George got me for 3rd time laughting arledy in prank
I knew it haminations is the animator
the best animators helped.
YYYYYIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS
belfast isn't that bad, I live in belfast
I wonder if George saw this yet
I'm from Ireland 🇮🇪
I NEED MORE ANIMATED TOMMYINIT
Just wait until you tell her you married Tubbo 😏
Jacksepticeye being yo waiter? 😳
"Just Before Moving To Florida To Be With His Husband..." - TommyInnit
He looks like the YouTuber haminations😂
"aw balls" wow
“If you want to know how to be a good boyfriend, don’t do what I’m about to show you”
WHAT ABOUT DREAM'S SISTER ??
2:02 I can’t believe Freddy said that 💀
The different animations are cool.
this was so fucking cool, loved every second of it
Honestly I absolutely predicted lumpy touch’s section to be eldritch abomination Also jacksepticeye as random Irish cashier was very welcome
Bro I’m worried about what gorgenotfound’s reaction to this video will be
2:23 💀
I’m pretty sure Tommy made George believe he was a criminal.
the way that he said what the waiters did just the way he went "... HUH"
Finally U got a girlfriend I will get a girlfriend in 3 DAYS IF I WANT
9,999 comments: I am the one who changes that lol
Q
10k comment right here.
Freddy is a nice guy
I love how I can see the animation style changing throughout the video to reflect the individual styles of the different animators that worked on this
Best Video
Looks like hamimations animation
Jackcepticeye is that you I literally can't tell
well this seems like an average experience of having a girlfriend.
hamanimation?
Your welcome 😂
pierogi.
I can't believe they got Haminations animate the start of the video!
George was really not found
Wait you have a girlfriend
Haminatuons maid your hair his hair
she meats my parents Aw nice😊 she meats my dogs Aw even nicer then she meats my friends TERRIBLE
tommy, your friends are chaotic
"just before moving to Florida to meet with his husband"
6:46 anyone get what he says
"Drops Dead"💀
Well um Tommy the problem is you went to the northern part of Ireland, The shitty pissy dissasociated part of Ireland
I love thsi
bruh i love this
Wasn't expected this from Tommy 🤭
it looks like haminations animation
im dying
Belfast is in the UK
It's cool how he goes through so many animation styles
yes Ireland is very cool I know because I’m Irish
I immediately noticed Haminations art style and ice cream sandwiches (oh and Oddonesout)
AHAHAHA.. YOU KISSED?!?!??!?!?! OMG OMG WHEN ARE THE KIDS COMI-
0:28 street gang featuring odd1sout and hamimations  Rated R              Hol' up                                                          Wait a lil' bit moreeee                                                              BRO WUT THE HEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I just love that Tommy is working with two of my all time favourite animators! James get Jayden in on this!!!!!
What about ranboo
im speechless.
Fake girlfriend
I love how he called dream georgenotfounds husband, so cute
I think it's bad I can recognise who animated what, ik that haminations made the intro
haminations
w
10k th comment
The first animation looked like Haminations
SWEET HOME ALABAMA
more more!!
Republic of Ireland is better I promise
Do you live close to Birmingham
Confirmed tommy is cheating on tubbo
i saw 253523 different types of animations in one video
This looks like haminations
Hey that art is from haminations
I love the fact that The different animators have different sections
Bro just went through like 15 flavors of animation in 7 minutes.
Tommy’s closer to my age then my own brother so I find these story’s extremely funny (me and my brother are both very close)
YES,YES IT IS VERY NICE-irish guy
"Gaoh, balls 😟"                               - Tommyinnit 2023
I don’t want other peoples animations in your videos, bro 😡
He stole his animation from someone else😮
The Chad's who know who animated this video are real legends
Thank You Jesus Christ Of Nazareth For This Healing This Truth This Love Amen
2:42 then I realise she is uh……….…………………………………………………dying
It’s awesome that an animator that made a animation of you that you loved also made an animation for you.
Are y'all still dating
I like the trangaction between animations😆😆😆😅😅
😒 3:10, Tommy this is not on you, she should actually communicate her feelings on a subject more directly.
4:42 i love how much taller you made wilbur then everyone
I like how the different animators all made their own characteristics in the video
Haminations!
Man got oddo1sout for thumbnail and haminations ,swoosh ,Icecreamsandvich, Pokémon, crumb,completexlyrose, Adamx, checkers, and sad-ist for le vid
don't talk bad about Ireland it's Northern Ireland don't give the Republic of Ireland a bad name
more animations please
I like how Jacksepticie is the creepy Irish Pub Dude
Yo so it is true Georgenotfound really is gay LOL.
These comments 💀
Hammm
Bro hamminations in ohio
icecreamsandwich is a real one for this💪
I INMEDIATLY KNEW IT WAS LUMPY JUST FOR TOMMY'S GF FACE AT THE START OF HIS PART LMFAO
Remember when he said *cough cough* and I repeat he said - LOOK IM ANIMATED CAN YOU ANIMATE THIS SOUND AGAAGAGAGST
When you know the animators from their art styles
That’s not in Ireland
Very interesting outro music...
bro, technoblade is really proud of u right now <33
What’s your favorite shark is a question I’ll ask anyone
He literally copied the style of the YouTuber Haminations. But regardless, your content is good and I appreciate it.
wilbur being worried about tommy having a gf makes me think that he really appreciates tommy and that's an actual good friend... still wilbur is a demential maniac that will kill you if he gets the opportunity to.
Love the mixes of animation styles
4:46 litterally ever wattpad story about tommy ever!
Hold up that kinda looks like odd ones one - for the start thingy
oh cool hamination's type and  cuptoast's type I LOVE IT
5:07 I'd give anything to see his face to that moment lmaooo
Ho
Wait...the dance in the beginning on the platter why does it remind me of something-
I know who is behind the scenes. Theodd1sout made the thumbnail and Haminations did the video. If you did not see that right away, I misunderstand you.
Nah there's no way this guy said ireland is part of the UK AND added a leprechaun hat to the video
This is why Northern Ireland should be Ireland
"ah, Balls"
Could Bryson be in a tommyinnit video
Lmfao jack is of course the irish guy 😂
That is really cool for second thought you were just taking them off I’m trying to make it and meet you
Yeah, I could tell the beginning was definitely animated by hamations
Every style of YouTubers in one video
i'm calling it, his girlfriend is olive_sleepy from the love or host series
BRYSON YOU LEGEND
Wtf did Jack say?
🎵sweet🎵home🎵alabama🎵
HAMINATIONS
DID BRYSON animate this?
I laff’t.
Haminations is my fav thanks tommy
All.hamination fans knew who helped automatically ( one anyway
F brishin
I love that every time Hes talking about another friend the theme for the animation changes I just love it great work :)
James😢
Haminations😢
Prepare to lose her like tydus lost his and I and don’t care
I think it’s legal to date your sibling in Alabama I think
Jo mama
Never mind that was a mistake
The kind look like Ham animation work only
I can just tell this is the style of haminations animation but then I see I think swoosh’s animation and then a bunch of other styles of animation I don’t want to name
I like how the style changes depending on the animator
Haminations definitely animated most of this
i can tell that you have brysons and swoosh's animators
Very good video the credit goes to all the animators that made the video and you did the voice lines they all get credit
Why dose it say sexy for Bryson
Guys what's that song at 1:45 it sounds so familiar but I can't figure it out
B
I know Haminations and i knew that the model looks familiar in the "intro".
Even gogy didn't comment
this is the type of video im going to watch on loop
Me: hamination hasn't commented yet?
Hauahauauhahuhahahuhhhhhuhhh………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………*STRESSED TRUCK NOISES IN DISBELIEF*?!?
BOOTIFUL XD
noooooooooooooooo
funny chicken meme lol
OMG BRYSON
bro blamed ireland when it was really NORTHERN IRELAND WHICH IS A PART OF THE UK
1:53 i was starting GTA V and then i started laughing becouse i heard gunshots while you were saying but i didn't say it like that
I love how there are a bunch of different animation styles
3:11
Ya should go to Dublin is a bit better
why does your animation lock like haminathions
Sex
Bro this is by haminations
Bro you had all the animators of the world helping you
4:34 this is the best.
gay
hhahahahahhah George
Why does she look like distra?? 🤨🤨
1:38 Gemini:
Plot twist, he is dating Drista
Thanks for this chewtorial tom simons.
When will we get a girlfriend face reveal
Jack just being jack
This looks exacly like hamanations
Wilbur is such a good father<3
The animation looks exactly Odd1sOut
3:45 bro turn into a real mom 🤣🤣🤣
I live in Ireland not Northern Ireland that is worse than the UK             Not that the UK is bad but
Jump in the Cadillac
Man even got LUMPYTOUCH in here
me when i saw the haminations animation style: me: HEY MY NAME IS BRYSOOOOOOON AND THIS IS WHO I AAM
3:18 Okay, so, British people are notoriously polite, so I immediately knew she was trying to be polite rather than worrying about herself.
OK just because in the US we have Alabama does it mean people in the US date her siblings … I don’t get how this was normalized
Haminations
Honestly she must think Ur such a ick
THE WILBUR SCENEEEEE
WE ALL KNOW WHO ANIMATED THIS LMAO
I knew hamination helped already man
Wow, Tommyinnit and girlfriend are two world that don’t match together
This one for my boyfriend
DON'T GO TO BELFAST BIGGEST MISTAKE OF ME LIFE
Hamination animation
I went to belfast once...got the great experience there
Hi
4:05 bro did America dirty 😂😂
I KNEW IT! IT WAS HAMANATIONS ART STYLE
Nobody noticed the music or just me?
is there any chance this isnt haminations lol
This almost looks like hamanimation and swoosh animation.
The intro is made my hamminations!
Haminationsis the perfect style for tommy lmao
I knew Haminations had to animate this bc of the art style from the start
The song at the end Is actually that's what I like by Bruno Mars
##########
Incest in the U.S. is illegal don't know where Tommy got the idea it wasn't.
i like @Haminations's style of animation
Why does the cover look like an odd ones out cover but the actual art is literally just hanimations? like to a tee, direct rip from hanimations!
I KNEW I SAW HAMINATIONS
WE WANT MORE ANIMATED TOMMY PLS
as an irish person i can agree
You are cute whit your girlfriend ❤
Did you go to uncle Ben rescue ranch and get eaten by a big ounce
How random the Animation style change
are u cheating on Tubbo?🙂😢
Others: Watching his first ANIMATED! video intently Me: *trying to guess which animator did which part*
is ur girlfriend drista
I like how you can tell which animator animated which part lmao
Tommy went from tryna date a girl in college being a simp needing his friends help to now sucking at common sense but still catching dat 🐱
bro dont diss im in Belfast rn
Yo lumpy dump is in this
YOU WHERE AT MY FUCKING HOME TOWN AND I DIDN'T SEE YOU
Americans are weird Like why your siblings😢😢😒
She pretty fine
you didnt put funny in this title
Tommy "me and him are no longer the same." Five minutes later a body was found in a lake
BREAKING NEWS Buff child is murdering tommy with buff arm
4:24 *hmmmmmmmmmggmm*
0:00 I immediately recognized this animation style
BLSGK
tommyinnit x hamminations
If you somehow got a Girlfriend… HOW DO I NOT HAVE ONE
1:24 This image just gave me a mental picture  _IceCreamSandwich: tommy I need a description of your father_ _IceCreamSandwich: for the video_ _IceCreamSandwich: a description of your mother won’t be necessary_ _Tommyinnt: excuse me??_  _IceCreamSandwich: I throughly knows what she looks like_ _TommyInnt: WHAT THE FU_
😎
I noticed the second i saw the animation style it was bryson haminations
Norme
Lumpytouch was not a guest animator I was expecting in one of these, but I accept it with open arms!
In Ireland if you go to Fermanagh there's a place called the marble Arch caves and guess what, it has a CAVE and it's cool, they give you your and there's a gift shop and a cafe(a place where they l cofae I'm not sure how to spell it).
TOMMY WAS IN BELFAST WTF NOOOOOOOO I LIVE THERE I WANNA MEET U FFS
*His husband💀*
Jump in the cadilac and just put a smile on it
WHAT
7:06 why😊
Can I please. see more animation please?
Haminations artstyle ngl
I can do relate to your girlfriend when getting interrogated by the older brother 🥲 my guy’s older brother CALLED ME AND ASKED ME A MILLION QUESTIONS
WHEN I SAW THE ANIMATION STYLE I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS had helped on this
I immediately was like isnt that haminations style of animation..?
I feel so bad for em
Northern Ireland is completely different no ireland.
Wait does Tommy ship dnf??!??!??!😨😨😧
Morel of the story don't go to Ireland
4:00 bro killed 300 million💀💀
SUCH A GOOD INTRODUCTION ANIMATION FROM HAMINATIONS I THOUGHT HE WASNT POSTING UNTIL THIS VIDEO  and the animators are all gigachads
OH MY LORD HE KNOWS HAMINATIONS YAY
right tommy if ya want to have a good place to eat in belfast you have to go to west or south belfast
The Burger guy look like jacksepticeye
Man i like Sad-Ist videos especially Dsmp animatics 6:36
He hired almost of all the best animators.
i recognized haminations and odd1sout style of animation as soon as I saw it I lOVE IT!1 keep up the good work tommy!
The video after the breakup finna be crazy 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
0:38 I love how techno is on your shelf
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Is George gay?
WAIT, tommy is adopted right? So *what* if his girlfriend is actually his REAL sister??? 😮
This is me right after the incest joke. I would just like to say with my full loving and joking heart FUCK YOU MAN I DIDN'T GET TO DECIDE MY PARENTS
Ice cream sandwich with the weird JoJo face is so funny
oo cant figure at the 3:25 one
as soon as i saw it i was like okay ive seen most of these animators lets spet witch is witch
Tommy is the biggest dnf shipper ever tbh
why did you copy brisen animating
wait humans need food
whu.
The anime goods😂 0:30
Well thank god you can date your step's.
Lol I enjoyed the Hamination Animation more (personally)
Hamination's
-    _    - what
What the hell Tommy 🤣😂
You think American date  their  siblings!
5:46 "yual balls"
wait isn't tommy sixteen
This is like hamination
Hammnaitions style animation
this is kinda fucked up
I LOVE THE ANIMATION CHANGES
This YouTuber has a whole new coat of paint
Noooo Tommy you didnt go to ireland, you went to North Ireland. Everyone knows that's not real Ireland
0:15 bruh what dance is that
JUST saw thw intor and i instanly tought: “haminations”
Ngl me and my husband also look like siblings swear. 😢
this looks like hamnation
0:52 tubbo is a interesting fello tho tommy
CUPTOAST HELPED ON THIS? anyways cool vid ngl
P.S in the corner it says which animator is drawing
To be honest this vid was one of Tommy’s best. For real, it got me laughing 24/7.
How are those animations created.
SIBLINGS AW NAH
I love how you can see when there's a different animator making the art😂❤
its haminations
He looks like hamination
why does his and girlfriends hair changes color every scene
WHY IS IT NOT AGE RESTRICTED!?!?!??
Tommy : I am pleased to tell you boys magnificent news that i officially have a girlfriend.
😂😂😂 Dating his sister
did bro kidnapped animators
Hi Timmy
the waiter going HUUUUH just had me rolling on the floor
Timmy.
5:07 best face I had ever seen 😆
UR COPYING BRISON AND SWOOSH
Hamination looks like this
As an Irish man, I can relate
More story’s plz
no wonder why this looked like haminations video becaus ehe helped
Jesus loves you ❤
@Haminations animated this. Noice
oh god fucking daammit
3:37 ummmmmmmmmmm
0:01 HAMINATIONS?! 0:33 INFAMOUS SWOOSH?! WHAT 1:24 FORGOT HIS NAME 2:40 UHHH PIXEL ANIMATOR GUY 3:29 I think that’s crumb 4:06 ODD1S OUT? Seen him but don’t know 4:40  5:36 who on earth animated this bit
The animations were great on this. My favorite was lumpy touch’s persobally
The fact that the only artstyle I know is by James in this vid
Bro I love odd1sout and haminations!
Isn’t he to young for a girlfriend 💀💀
Woah animeited you is pretty funny
Omfg jacksepticeye as the irish waiter cracks me up😂
Theme park
Oh bunch of people animated it
Bruh bryson animated this
You should do this again with the same animators just different stories
Ok I be the one to say it but this man unlocked a new level
Legend says it that George has still not responded
I love how you can tell exactly who animated that portion of the video
I love the constant changes in animators animations.
LOL THE EDITOR HAD A HAMINATIONS
Fuck yeah icecreamsandwitch is an animator here
This video deserves more recognition.
4:32 to be with his husband LMFAOOOO
Nani you have a girlfriend that amazing
Love it how tommy included DNF 😂😂
Tommy in haminations body?
Tommy, your one of my favorite YouTubers, but as an Irishman. Stay outta our country. We haven’t forgiven the British for what they’ve done, nor have we forgiven the northies. So just don’t.
PHHTT I love the oddsoneout part
3:19
his animated character looks like hanimation
Had to check the animators list in the description because of how many of they styles I recognized nice to see you collab with them
Is that Brighton like Brighton hove Albion?
I can tell by the drawings this was haminations
Must've been in a orange area
YES HAM
I’m English, sooo I understand. And in Harry Potter says «To left the cruel habit to marry their cousins» idk,as a potterhead I just remembered that -_- good vid!
I got so happy when I heard jacksepticeye as the Irish waiter!!!
I knew that hanimations helped bec he grabbed the arm to tight and violent
he used hamminatoins animations  (i meant to rhyme)
JACK
when i saw lumpytouch i was squealing like a kid
01:25 to 01:33 I bet this was edited by the odd1sout that's how much I have watched him
The Wilbur of the 5th or 4th animated looks like saitima
I need more
You went to Northern Ireland in Belfast, no wonder you were disappointed. Republic of Ireland is better tbh
*HAMINATION.EXE*
7:09 JUMP IN THE CADILLAC MUSIC
I loved every second of this video, and laughed at every story😂
All the animators did amazing with the animation and i think its funny how you did a accurate voice for the different animation not much people do that so good job
Wow that is cool how ever animator worked on this and it just changes through the whole story 😮
4:32 he's gay?
why are you using different youtubers art styles
ODD IS MY FAVORITE SUB
Sneako in the thumbnail
HAMINATION???????
Holy shit I die not expect lumpy touch to be one of the animators
I freaking love that jacksepticeye is the Irish owner
fake
Jump in the Cadillac
Freddy:did you know that 50% of realation ships results in breaking up Tommy:come to my house i wanna show you something
recognized jack lol
one of the animations was made by lumpy i think
4:32 PFFFF LOL
I immediately noticed Haminations and the odd1sout's animations
hamination  animation
cap
Poor George
nvm , good
bad
After this video, I know I’m not the only one who’s concerned about Toms relationship stability
.............................Why does this look like Bryson's animation but tommy
yo tommy, april 1st is half a moth later
Lol
O love ya
Jack is always down to come Irish things up. He should be the official ambassador of Ireland.
HAMATIONS STYLE
tommyinnit by haminations i see alot of the animator
This looks like if the odd ones out, Jayden animations, haminations and terminal montage made a collab
Looks like haminasions
Bruh
I love how it switched animating styles depending on which animator was animating the part such as Odd1sout part in 4:03
Bryson hello.
Tommy talking about insest and calling out Americans made my day 😂
i feel sorry for his girlfreind
To be honest all of the parts the animators had to animate were the PERFECT parts for them and it fits for them to animate
Theodd1sout!!!!!!
3:21 relatable,my brother also beats me up🧍🏼‍♀️
I live in england
1:51 THAT FACE 😂😂😂
Someone from N.I ain't gonna be happy lmao
Yay sad ist joined the animation
I swear he's slightly nuts lol
YOOO ODD1SOUT ANIMATED A PART LETS G O O O O O O O O O
why 4:35
I became fatherless after watching this💀
I saw beginning styles and knew Bryson did it. Legit he's awesome y'all better watch him%
RHID FUCVK9IGNVDIEO MADE ME SO ANMD
As an American, I can confirm that no one understands why you can’t get together with your siblings.
Bro that's hammation
Bro icecream sandwich animation was so funny
"What's your favorite shark? What's your favorite continent? HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO?!
*Ham.*
Gotta love how jacksepticeye was added in lol
Theodd1innit
BELFAST IS IN NORTHERN IRELAND!!!!!! NOT IN IRELAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FOR FECK SAKE!!!!!! NORTHERN IRELAND IS A PART OF THE UK AND PEOPLE IN NORTHERN IRELAND DONT HAVE THAT THICK OF ACCENTS!!!
I love lumpy touch's art style it's got so much better since the gorefield videos
So thats what Bryson has been working on
Bro got a lot of famous animators hear😂
This seems really similar to haminations animations I think I know why haminations hasn't been uploading
Every animation channels art style in one vid is impossible. Tommy :
i love recognizing everyones style
I love how the style changes throughout the video
As an American I’ve gotta ask now, is marrying your sibling not illegal everywhere? Like I’ve never seen it happen before I assumed it was just a joke 😃
em sounds like such a fun person omg
The first part you can tell Bryson made
Freddy, that's not true :D
I know who animated this one.
Kinda like hamnaitons
That's Northern Ireland for you! Hey guess what.     *AHEM... UH... AH-GVIUCSW9B CHSWJBV AHGAUEVSHSGS REPUBLI- GCIUDEQCGUSDIW9 BUJODSWC*
That was jacksepticeye at the end lol
Hahaha... WHYYyY
Nah did PewDiePie help out as well
@icecreamsandwich
Bro it's alot of art styles Bryson,ice cream sandwich,Pokémon, and edds world that's all I know
Why is jack here 😭 6:46
when i saw the animation styles i already knew who they were
Ur animation reminds me of hamination's😊
thats just Belfast or Northern Ireland and in some counties alot of shops are closed on weekends
ICECREAMSANDWITCH HELPED WITH THIS?!? My guy your in the big leagues now
BRYSON?..
Bruh
OH YEAH SOME OF THOS ANIMATORS I WATCH
This is hilarious! :)
😂☘️🇮🇪☘️ perfect time to mention Ireland
"Yo-kay"
Ahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahaha this was so funny😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
i could tell what youtuber did which parts im a fan of all of the you tubers
Its overwhelming to hear irish accents like.. EVERWHERE its hilarious i'm quite good at understanding Irish accents though so :|
Northern Ireland is sort of bad... but in the middle or down south is lovely, like the Ghaeltacht Dingle
I Loved theodd1sout's animation
if is that real. WHAT THE FUCK
I'd honestly love tommyinnit animated story times.
I like how jacksepticeye or just jack in general just came in during the northern ireland travel.
Hamanatons
At first I thought odds1out animated this
5:07
I guess the psychic was right
I expected nothing less Wilbur, ya did us all older siblings proud o7
5:42 what did you do to Ranboo I’m so serious get that thing away from me that’s not the Ranboo I know and love
I love how you can tell who animated what
haminations is better then every animator my freinds:hey what about ice cream sandwich  ME: ok so i mean all
6:40 Now guys I always watch my videos at 2x speed but I HAD to SLOW down because I couldn't understand what the hell is Jack saying 🤣🤣🤣🤣 HE'S TOO FASTTT
the true Irish tourist experience
Never trust jack
You need to make more of these
But what I'm pansexual I'm not dating a boy
Nani?
Yeah at 4:02 I think you were actually mentioning the whole "it's illegal to date your cousins" to the fellers and gals down in sweet home Alabama.
My favourite part is when Tommy innit got animated by Haminations, Odd1sOut and Swoosh. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 (Haminations 0:01 - 0:32)  (Swoosh 0:33 - 1:19)
The animations are so smooth!! I love all the styles
i see that haminations was an animater in this vid check out haminations youtube
At the first second of watching the animators part , i knew who it was
is it haminations that made this
Out of all the places in Northern Ireland. You went to Belfast.
I LOVE JACK BEING ADDED
I’m like Freddie. I make sure to mention these things around my best friend and her boyfriend
Ah yes.. the worst thing was Ireland.. not tommy marrying tubbo..
Try not being from England next time you go to Ireland 🇮🇪 fecking dumb ass
why was Wilbur interrogating her; was he the prosecutor and you were Phoenix Wright Ace Defense Attorney
0:29 IDK any of those animators but ONLY theodd1out😶
You can tell which parts were made by the separate animators
6:46 Holy crap I almost spat out my wine Idk why I laughed so hard at Jack 😂
HAMINATIONS STYLE! LETS GO
I can definitely see haminations art style.
3:18 in your defense, she lied to you about how she was doing and expected you to just know that she was lying is actually kind of her own fault for not being honest about how she was feeling.
At the start I instantly recognized hamination’s art style
Be careful how you talk about Ireland or the 30th of June 2023 will be an interesting day for you
i love turnmmy innit ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
1:48 honestly one of my favorite parts on the video
I am not trying to see your copying anything I'm just saying this looks just like Bryson's From haminatians
hey are you partnering with a Channel  named because it has some of the backgrounds and also because animation style is really similar
6969
Talk my voice dad
Pls don’t disgrace Northern Ireland it is better than irleand
Why animated Tommy look like from Hamnimation (first scene)
Me living in ireland 😂 👁👄👁
Who else watching was just like that’s hamination but couldn’t think of the name and just be like mmmmh I know thisss lol sorry just thought I’d bring it up
Do i seen things or did haminations helped tommy to animate??
The animators I'm is ham icecream theood and infoqmous
No matter how many times you tell this,i am no't gonna believe this
HELP I JUST STUBBED MY TOE
Me at 7:09 : *Hears the music* JUMP IN THE CADILLAC!
Tubbo being tubbo
HEK YAEHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAA
I knew it was haminTions
Y'all ever realized he payed some of the coolest animators to make this
Wait... JACKSEPTICEYE
0:31 me and the boys
Sean is the only Irish person
Hamination
I am from the USA and it is illegal to marry siblings here too
Ik this comment is a bit late but is no one gonna talk about how he called Dream, George's husband
Friend are Idiots He is a Idiots His Girlfriend . . . Is a Women
As soon as I heard, he cheated on his girlfriend and I saw Ranboo I already know it was about to go down
Honestly... totally what expected reaction from Wilbur.
My brother beats me up all day and I hit him with my power!
Rip-off of odd1sout
Rip-off of ham
is she 5
i think i recognised 2 animations . theodd1sout and hamanimation
ireland is NOT northern ireland the bit you went to is more like england than ireland xD
DUDE I LIVE IN BELFAST and yes everything is closed on a Saturday for some reason but it’s not Ireland it’s Northern Ireland the UK bit
The way y'all tricked george then shared germs must have been traumatizing for him
just wilbur's face at 3:27 is the best
As a Irish person I love to see no Irish person not letting in a British person in
Love how no ones talking about the song at the end 😂
how is that legal tommy i am coming to your house next yearwith a tank
idk
Bro when I saw this animations I just thought hamination?
Wilbur interrogating em to make sure Tommy's in good hands is just so sweet  ☺️❤️
i knew this was haminations by te animation style
I know I saw that style somewhere 🤣
0:33 was all I needed, everything else is bonus
I’ll pray for that girl
You know if you did not steal are bread the Burger might have been good - an Irish man
Congrats Tom!
animations are elite
I knew the animations looked familiar also noice stories
that gogy impression was so good 😂😂
2:51 now imma be honest, if she said it was fine, it’d probably be normal to say “well alrighty then” if she said it was fine. not too much of his fault imo.
I'm guessing hamnations and the odd1sout did most of the animations
I knew it haminations the violence looked similar
Omg i love this format of storytelling!! I really love all them animatorss!!!! Ahhhhhh
this is incredible beyond explanation, POGCHAAAAAAAAMP
such a Wilbur move to go "what's your favourite continent?"
the jacksepticeye refrence tho
Wait I know that style... haminations????????
i em not even subscribe end i em not gona do it
I new the haminations when I saw it good work
wth tommylnnit you are from uk
It’s also illegal in the states
the fact that even tommy believe in dnf
"Just when he went to Florida to go meet his husband. *dream pops up in sunset* Loved the video!
everyones saying tommy grew up in front of them. I'm younger than him but I watched him grow too guys I swear. tommy always said he wouldn't get a gf and he got one, if that's not growth idk what is LOL
"I have surrounded myself completely by idiots"  A couple years before...  "You talk like you sound like you're smarter the everyone else."  Technoblade: "Probably because i'm surrounded by idiots."
why do i feel like i know the person who animated the first part.
Why is Jacksepticeye a random Irish dude in Animation
Tommy must know we people in the us do not do the deed with our own siblings and that the fact have a girlfriend is cool. (do not give me a bad review plz thx :) )
This is so cute! And the story’s are hilarious and also SAAAADDD I’m in America!😭
That face at 1:32 just gives phantom arcade vibes all the way.
Now When i whatch you Animated i Just think your haminations Like tho Voice 𝙰𝚗𝚒𝚖𝚊𝚝𝚒𝚘𝚗 𝚜𝚝𝚒𝚕𝚢
I've watched this more times then I can admit
BRO “50 PERCENT OF RELATIONSHIPS END IN BREAKUPS” IS DARK AF
Jacksepticeye being the creepy pub owner is actually perfect
WTF FREDDY???!!!
4:00 IM DYING
Haram Habibi 🗿
Lol jack
I'M SUMMONING ALBERT MATION IN  THAT CREEPY VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m 90% sure that everyone in Ireland are just clones of jeckseptieye
I KNEW this was hamination, it was his art style and everything.
I love I can recognize icecreamsandwich every time
i can’t be the only one who thinks that coffee shops looks like big coffee from big city greens
When Jacksepticeye was in the video, i went outside and smiled
I watch haminations all if the time, THERE IS NO WAY THAT THIS ISNT HIM I SWEARRRR
Omg you turned to odd ones out love it
I love how the art style changes and with the different artists, surprisingly I recognized MOST of them
Jack cameo epic
4:34 is the best story ever from all the others.
The geography is terrible
When  they went in the pub dude channeld his inner crackhead
I still do not believe you.
0:49 tubbo pulling the doorknob out of the door soo funny
next part now
Should have went to Mayo
Haminations 0:00, InfamousSwoosh 0:33, icecreamsandwich 1:21,LumpyTouch 2:29, crumb.crumblet.S.crumbington 3:19, theodd1sout 3:55, ComplexlyRoss 4:29, AdamX_ 5:18.
Bryson swoosh ICE CREAM SANDWHICH just casually carrying some videos
YOOO HAMINATIONS IS AN ANIMATOR IN THIS VID WOOHOOO
It's illegal to date your siblings in America
nice gril
Welcome back to siblings or dating 3:57
WHATS YOUR FAVOURITE SHARK??? - Wilbur
love
we need more of this
Funniest animation ever
I found out Odd1'sout has the same birthday as me
I had to rewatch this 2 times bc I was too busy focusing on the VERY POGGERS and SUPER AWESOME animation.
I wonder what Phil would be thinking about Tommy getting a girlfriend?
0:30 we are going to beat you to death
Tom when you said Wilbur said was nice to you but Nope Beats THE SHIT OUT OF YOU
i am Irish my guy go to sligo not Belfast
I was about to say, this looks like a Haminations video but then I saw the creators and there he was.😂😂😂
DO PT.2
Wilbuh
Her  named got leaked before
e
Ok but I’m a huge fan of the constant switch in animation style. Y’all absolutely killed it! utmost props
Wait how old are you
Tommy described Ireland almost ever day of the week
You know we are gonna ask for more so why don't you just make more vids about you and your GF already?☺🔪
i hate you all new modern youtubers
4:02 Tell that to the people of Alabama Tommy
whait is hamiantions one of your friends or somindg
hamination animated the first part but the first part really gave me his vibe with him torturing the white guy
Imagine if Tommy's girlfriend started a youtube channel
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS
Basically every animator and tommyinnit collab???? Never seen this day coming
No wonder it looked like Bryson was animating
Haminations has come so far ohmygod
Tommy dear, listen I'm mothering you right now so take it. If you want to go somewhere beautiful come to Queensland in Australia and who knows you might as well bring some friends along with you 😉
I WAS LIKE GOING- i cant say it i was like: JAHBF V XBVSVGSJSGSVDVCJVGSDJVHJJ GJHN S WHAT THE HEEEEEEAIIILLLLLLL ITSS ITSA BRITHISH NO RLLY HAM ANIMATOR WHAT A FUFUUUUUUUUUU-
wait a min.... I KNOW THAT ART STILE
This video reminds me the style of animation that hamination uses
this was the funniest animation i ever watched!
HAMINATIONS
Gorge has still not responed to tomy to this day...
its cool that  tommy switched animations every story
Is George really with dream?
This looks like Bryson drew this and swoosh
lets pray she dosent meet quackity PS  she should
Making a M.A.P. is wild
No Wonder the art style looks familiar hamintion and infamous swoosh help
6:46 IS THAT THE FUNNY IRISH GUY FROM JACKSEPTICEYE
Bro thinks hes odd1sout💀
Hi
I his biggest fan
I wish thommy be my teacher
Thommy so good at meking videos
Thommy so good making vidoes
Thommy so funny
I love thommy
Thommy procampion mester expert game player youtuber
@Tommyinnit is this really you who replied to me?
I thought the thumbnail represented the female version of dream being stolen by Tommy and George was just panicking💀
Hamination made this
This was probably the most wholesome animated short I’ve seen in a long time, love this tommy !! Also 10/10 to the animators and artists they did an AMAZING job !
Loved it tommy, keep it up.
04:24 bro gone sweet home alabama
NO- BUT WILBUR INTERROGATING HIS GIRLFRIEND TO MAKE SURE HE IS IN GOOD HANDS?? LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT >>
Wait wait wait Americans can marry their siblings?!?!?
I thought I saw hamination in there lol Oh wait you switch between styles…. Huh
You have gained my respect good sir
tubbos like WOMEN anyways back on are normal program
TUBBO ABSOLUTELY ANNIHILATING THE DOOR HANDLE WHILE TRYING TO GET IN IS NOW MY FAVORITE THING EVER
I love how Tommy’s first animated form is just a re-colored Haminations 💀
7:05 Jackcepticye
British hoe🖕
You can tell haminations did this animation
4:03 yeah... it's illegal here too.
Did haminations animate this 💀
Bro made seven anime styles in one animation
CUPTOAST LESS GOOO
It was the start
Wait nvm
did he copy Bryson's style
When George has 0 IQ
Cause it’s wilur
The start of the video is from ham😅
WAIT THE DESCRIPTION LMAOOOO
I love jack but I have no idea what he was saying all I could make out was burger 😂
His animation is like hamanimations and others
NAH THE PRANK ON GEORGE WAS BRUTAL
cring
lol im from Ireland
3:29 Bro immediately start wheezing and then go “you serious”
The three best ones are icecreamsandwich, theodd1sout and haminations. 0:31
You went to the worst part of Ireland 🇮🇪
oh so he finnaly moves out of his moms house
all i can recodnice is haminations,theodd1sout,and infamous fwoosh
This looks like a combination of lumpytouch, Haminations, and odd1sout on the thumbnail
This is a very good tutorial of NOT WHAT to do with your girlfriend!
theoddonesout was oone of the best in this entire thing.
As soon as I saw this I thought it was haminations lol
I immediately recognized every art style show cased in this video. God I watch too many animators.
I would use this as a what not to do in a relationship.
Jump in da caddilac
AHH THIS IS AMAZING! All incredible artists, hilarious stories, 10 stars!
That makes me happy that he has a girlfriend👍🙂
If it wasn't for the animation this would be the most unfunniest shit.
Tommy is so good at voice acting
I had a strong feeling Haminations would help on this
I could tell by the animation it had odd1sout and haminations and icecreamsandwich and infamousswoosh
😆😆😆
AYO MY FAV ANIMATER HAMINATIONS HELPED MY 2ND FAV YOUTUBER ( haminations my number 1)
Omg you came to Belfast, I love people talking about it especially since I live there and could probably walk down to the place he was talking about and I agree that the burgers are trash
Wow the switching between the animation styles is amazing, hope you make more of these.
Yooo haminations im fan of u
this is just rares thing i have heard
I like how every part of the story the animator change I just know the first one is hamination
No wonder the burger was bad when a septic made it
bruh HAMINATIONS VIBES 100%
Ireland is the best so 🖕u
6:37
As a Irish person. I CAN CONFIRM MOST STUFF IS CLOSED ON A SATURDAY
I dont know if it stings to hear tommy say he doesnt know if we americans know its illegal to date your siblings in the uk 😭
Legit knew right of the Bryson drew it and the people who drew most other part since I watch a decent amount of animation channels lol
HE USED HIS GREAT ANNOYANCE TO GET SOME BI-
As an Irish men, I am very offended
Bro, I immediately recognized the theodd1sout’s art style and crumbs- 😭
The shops in Belfast are always open I literally don't know why they were closed I guess Tommy got unlucky oof
get away from northern ireland
The burger loky looks like a craby pady!
first one was the best(dont forget to pick one and comment) 👇                                                                                          👇
When will ya'll break up?
imagine she sees this..
6:46 ugh there's so many Irish stereotypes
IM IRISH WE ARE NOT PART OF THE UK YES YOU HAVE STUPID NORTHERN IRELAND BUT NO U ARE NOT ALLOEED TO SAY THAT
We will steel your girlfriend said Tobbo and other dream smp members
Funny Tommy didn’t swear
Haminations is a god of funniness and HITTING AND COMPLETLY DESTROYING AND DELETING AND KILLING PEOPLE for views :D
Belfast is the best I live there
I can’t believe he made an entire animated video to make George think that he was lying
Anyone else notice the 8-bit that’s what I like at the end 😂
Fight back for your love Tommy fight back😎😎🔥🔥☢️☢️👊👊👊👊✊
Must be nice
Not tommyinnit shocking us on every videos that he uploads.
I got rizz  😌
My boys becoming a man 😢
I got so excited when I saw that some animators I know were in here
I knew I saw the same animations that hamminations does
Why does you girlfriend animated design look like DREAMS SISTER DESING THE HAIR THE LIGHT SKIN THE GREEN SWEATER 😵😵
When you hit 15m you should do a gf face reveal
I love how some of my fav animators are in this! Like haminations, crumb/ cuptoast, and the odd1sout!
well Ireland was grey because you were in NI. aka, sad they aren't ireland land
Love jacksepticeye being a part of this
btw i can animate
i love it
Tommy didn’t specify which Ireland and that upset me because I thought he was talking about the Republic of Ireland  So long story short I told the government of Ireland that uk citizens believe that the Republic of Ireland belongs to the uk and now the uk and Republic of Ireland are at war.
4:22  bro u gotta chill
tommy girl friend??!!😱😱🥶🥶
tommyinnit good
I thought he has gonna flrt with ranboo
you should show us her we want to meet her
0:31 I LOVE RECOGNISING SO MANY OF THOSE PEOPLE THEY ARE ALL SO INCREDIBLY TALENTED! CHECK ALL OF THEM OUT!
4:31 GEORGE THOUGH💀
6:00 Should’ve gone to Dublin
This looks like the animating was done by haminations or brodyanomates
Ngl this looks like someone else Animation tbh (the odd ones out)
DANI REFERENCFE ASDNFJASDJUNF AJSFHASD?f kmsds
As an Irish child and living in ireland I can confirm we have not seen the sun for 5 years
you know when odd one out draw
Poor haminations at the start :(
I like how George acted like a wild animal when Tommy was holding him
That was preety cool
His husband.- (Dnf.)
we lost tommy he thinks she is real 💀
Tommyinnit, I am deeply disappointed that you are cheating on your one and only, Tubbo. You just got married and you’re already cheating? Unbelievable.
daang the very begining was haminations
Love how Tommy is like "George went to the UK to be with his husband" xD
What do you mean George just died
No because right before the video i heard. at bk have it yr way, you rule!
I knew it I said in one of my comments that m was your gf
If he can get a girlfriend that means that there's hope for us!
The transition between animators is funny
THE DANCEING TOMMY 😂😂😂😂
I expected wilbur to do everything he did
ok but I'm crying because tommy said "to go be with his husband" omg i'm dead
Okay, just so British people know, incest is illegal in every single state in America. There is nowhere where brothers and sister can date in America or in England… except the royal family 😉
Top of the mornin’ coffee be like with JSE
I feel like you’re copying haminations style of animation
the different animation styles are so good
HAMINATIONS!!
I love that I can just see different parts of the video and be like "Oh, now it's his art style!"   I've watched most of the animators
I'm definitely not from Northern Ireland I'm definitely a normal and sane person
I love how jacksepticeye serves you a Chum bucket burger 🗿🗿
he cod have involved sipher
fuckkkk  you can see ewry anymator has a sectuon
More please ❤
4:29 I love how he just holds George like that, it funny :3
Timmy ain't it do be rolling
having a girlfriend is pretty gay of you 🤨
Was this with hamboy
Wait....so he's NOT GAY😂
Sorry to be that 1 person but Norther Ireland is not Ireland but still UK. so it was not the Irish that made you feel crap it was still the British lol
See?That's why I want to be a animator this make this video 200% funnier
My man missed boyfriend class 101 and 102
HAMINATIONS IN CHOMMY CHINNIT ANIMATED VIDEO
3:55 its theood1sout
i meant 2:30 and 2:44
2 : 30 its 100% lumpy touch cuz its inf% his art style and 2 : 44 THATS A DEMON
The Outro Is That's What I Like >□<
The animations of the video were incredible
in America you cant date your siblings either
Tommy=haminatioins
POV: u did a dna test and find out your girlfriend is your cousin.
“Did you know 55% of relationships end in split ups” got me dying 😂
The wilbur question "what's you favorite shark?" Reminds me of myself and how one of the first questions I ask to get to know anyone is always "what's your favorite dinosaur?"
Most people have a team of animators and tommy rolled up with a team of youtube animators
hi tommy, i have a question for you, are you and timedeo still friends? if so pls respond to this comment
……..                                                                                                                                          jump in the Cadillac
this is one of the best animations from a youtuber i've seen, i love how it changes animation throughout the video, it has good animation, its entertaining and funny, this is one of the only animations i laughed at, my fav scenes was the one with Wilber and the jacksepiceye one
15m
That is also illegal to date your sibling in America but Alabama
Jump in the cadillac 🎶🎶
What happened to the dream SMP is it because L’manberg ended?
Lmao me and my gf look kinda similar too so to keep it secret that we’re together we say we’re siblings and when we told someone that thought we were siblings that we were together she thought we were dating AS BROTHER AND SISTER
I saw the thumbnail and was like OH MY GOD THE ODD1SOUT MADE THIS?!
That's beautiful Tommy congrats 😃🙂💗
What does your gf feel when you marry tubbo
We love that tommy's a dnf shipper
Also Wilbur feels like a psycho
Gives me hamination vibes and then I realized he helped to make this video
MORE MORE MORE
Tommy should've went to a beatties in Belfast those are the best
OMG THE FIRST ANIMATION IS HAMINATION!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apparently Tommy is in My town? Friend says he is in the "Ram In" Wotton Under Edge. So, I'm excited for the new video.
Bro be kissing alex in the thumbnail💀
this is so cool
nice.
0:30 sadist looks like a love child between moistcritical and gigachad
Bro switched between 8 artists💀
I was watching a vod and I came back to remind people that someone in a chat a few years ago called Wilbersoot Wilber foot and it was funny
This is the best crossover
This is the best crossove
I hope the pain and suffering the animators are in for this is Worth the money.
EEWWWW WTFFFFF
It turn from haminations to jaiden animaitions to theodd1sout who animaited THIS
Has anyone noticed that at the end of the vid *that’s what I like* plays? I hope you and Em have a good day!  We don’t talk about have jack manifold leaked Em’s real name…
I didn't expected Jack in that video
I finished watching this and went to go find another video, while looking for that new video the video of tommy marrieing tubbo popped up and now I'm wonder, does tommmys gf know about his marriage
i thought he was joking about having a gf at first 💀
I'm gay
I knew the animating was made from hamanations
I always feel bad for my brain immediately going to jacksepticeye cameo whenever ireland is mentioned like I'm stereotyping him but every time it does, he actually does make a cameo.
SO many incredible animators in here! you all did such a great job accentuating tommy's storytelling skills. truly amazing work on everybody's part.
Hamination
Tommy stole a scene from odds1out
Acheivement unlocked: Ladies Man
please rob dantdm like you did with other yts. please....
"What's your favorite shark? What's your favorite continent? HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO?"
im mad that tommy said he had no other choice but to go to ireland like its a bad thing especially belfast because I LIVE THERE!!!!! also if all the shops are closed you where there past 7 because thats when the shops close.
The video is Okayyy but,i think you should change the thumbnail to a more family friendly imagine!!!
Im Irish just go to Dublin or Cork or Galway
Vanossgaming >>
These animations remember me of Dan tdm
I want to say this now cause I can but you said always remember THAT YOU WILL SWEAR FOR YOUR SUBSCRIBERS!!
respecc
nah the american violation got me rolling
YOOOO, 12M!! Congratulations! :D
Haminations rn
Mmmmmh jump in the Cadilac girls put some miles on it any thing good you deserve it baby you deserve all I’m gonng give it to you.
Tommy hello
This is my  Favorite story ever
Yay haminations
im sorry but im not subscribing
I loved Jacks bit
at 5:41 he says Emma like ??? girlfriends name???
@theodd1sout
Well, Belfast is on the island of Ireland but Dublin is probably way better, aside from the uhhhhh...medicine addicts?
Did Bryson animate this
I’m pretty sure it’s mainly illegal to marry your siblings here too. Wait who have you met to make you think that Americans wouldn’t understand?🫤🤨
Bro that Jack septic eye bit got me rolling on the floor dieing
blev the tyler
blev
I can’t believe all my fav animators animated this
i love how haminations puts is iconic part of of having violence
EVEN RANBOO'S SISTER AND SAD-IST IS EVEN  HERE TO ANIMATE AND I LOVE YALL ANIMATORS :DDDDD ALL OF YALL MY FAV ANIMATORS
Don't be impressed when Tommy has much rule 34
George is still not found
TOMMY I KNOW WHERE U LIVE AND I LIVE SO CLOSE!
1:47 y’all can’t be saying this when I got with my gf a few days ago
He's finally done it. The impossible has been done.
Bryson helped you tell him I said hi and I’m One of his subscribers and my name is Ethan and I love you plushes and video. to Bryson
I can’t believe he died 😭
my g probably went to west Belfast 💀💀💀💀
There are only 2 genders
HAMINATIONS HELPED LETS GOOOOOO
Wait so what was her favorite shark?
Bro rlly made an animation with theodd1sout, haminations and icecreamsandwitch
Just finished watching this video....HOW DOES HE STILL HAVE A GIRLFRIEND?????
Congrats on 12.1M subs  12.2M ig now!!!:)
i was thinking, hmm, did haminations make this? sure enough he was there in the animators
Hannimation
No
All the animators went nuts with this, I especially love the pixel artstyle of lumpytouch :D
Well now you're just making me jealous with that thumbnail.
He looks like haminations
I hope u have good life with molly
George be like sweet home alabama
.no
Jump in let Cadillac
Ham nation
Why did you say “thank u island”
Tommy belfast is the grayest place in Ireland everywhere else is lush and green take it from me
Haminations lamination is actual really cool
Tommy close like ham
Hi is wilbursoot  is dead? And Georgenotfound is dead too?
I WANT A NETFLIX SERIES
Ok but seeing Jacksepticguy there I bursted out laughing 😂😂
did anybody noticed that tommy called hamination sexy
I am so hyped about how this video is basically made from all of favorite animators!!
I KNEW IMMEDIATELY KNEW IT WHO THE ANIMATOR WAS BASED BY THE STYLE
Odd1st one out is in every animated video
bro the man just roasted us Americans. "its illegal to date your siblings"
Do u guys (the comments) remember techno?
I've never seen an animation this goofy before
Bro if shifting realities of animation styles.
bryson
I knew hamanations cause the beginning art looks like he type of art
next video i broke up with my gf
Bikae ride
I found it hilarious when Tommy said "You Americans might not knows this, but it is illegal to date your siblings in Britain."  And I'm thinking 'Well its the same here buttttttttttt...' People are weird over here frfr
Before time began, there was the Cube. We know not where it comes from, only that it holds the power to create worlds and fill them with life. That is how our race was born. For a time, we lived in harmony. But like all great power, some wanted it for good, others for evil. And so began the war. A war that ravaged our planet until it was consumed by death, and the Cube was lost to the far reaches of space. We scattered across the galaxy, hoping to find it and rebuild our home. Searching every star, every world. And just when all hope seemed lost, message of a new discovery drew us to an unknown planet called... Earth.
“What’s your favorite shark? What’s your favorite continent? HOW MANY DRUGS CAN YOI TAKE?!”
12345678910
I find it hilarious that Jack was the store owner
Love how Wilbur did the classic big brother interrogation lol. Also “favorite continent” is a very Wilbur question lmao.
Tommy who is vini2003
I clicked this  thinking this was a Hamination vid
Am I the only one getting the "My school found my Youtube Channel" vibes?
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh the outro music
Please more
...Northern Ireland...Belfast...holy shit, didn't think I'd see the day wow
BRO I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS THE ART LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE HAMINATIONS
Tommyinnit: Belfast sucked Irish people: yeah, British people sure did made it that way.
Tommy its time to take your pills tommy
Good job tommy my boy! Don’t lose this one mate, she’s a keeper hahaha
haminations
More😅😭
i promise the rest of ireland is much better please do come back 😂
jump in the cadillac
the "You have a SISTAAAH???" part is the funniest XDDD
Ngl cant wait for these break up allegations
Lol the animations are hilarious😂
CRUMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
…💀…
BRO IM DEA-
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
JACKSPWKEIEEYEEE AAHAHAHHHHH
Wait a minute I just saw DREAMS MASK ON A SUN
HOLD ON oh yay it’s the.. guh uh (lip smack x 2) the odd ones o- uh out yaaaay-
WAIT A MINUTE ICECREAM SA-
I only wanted to see haminations anyways todays comment was sponsored by RAID SHADOW LEGEN-
Yooo! I know hamminations did the animation?
LumpyTouch's art style is so iconic
Bro haminations really slipped that in 💀
7:06 That Dani Refrence was smooth
7:06 your welcome Tommy
Ok soo it's akward between tubbo and Tommys and u know whose akward with tubbo???? Ok leave this   Who wears green???    Dream and now dream's sister:D
I’m order to have a girlfriend you must not have the name Tom
Welcome to Northern Ireland
HAMINATIONS
Wilbur is a walking W
So many diffrent animation styles 😭
I want to peal your skin off
HOW DID YOU MAKE THIS ANIMATINS
GIRLFRIEND REVEAL????????!!!!! PLSSSSSSS I BEG YOUUUUU I WILL NOT EAT UNTIL U REVEAL HER  Pls🙏👍🥲
Anyone else notice the *interesting* queen lizzie painting at 5:20 ?
lumpy touch, haminations, crumb, and the odd1sout with icecreamsandwich I mean wow, I watch all their content. 🤌👌🤏💪🍨🥪
4:01 this shit caught me off-guard
Jump in the Cadillac girl let me put some miles on it
Em real name is molly (Tommy gf) !!!!!!!!!!
Wasn't expecting to laugh this hard, nicely done animators
Yoooo some of my favorite animators congratulations guys it looks great!!
The handle in the description to ice cream sandwich channel seems bugged
Jump in the Cadillac
Wilbur is doing a good job
this is the greatest outtro music choice
Are you still dating olive sleepy
5:26 ranboo just boping his head is the funniest shit
Thought he killed a woman
Nobody cares man besides all the lgbtq members which is all ur viewers
To meet his husband
the american joke 💀
4:00 TOMMY DIDN'T NEED TO DO AMERICANS LIKE THAT 😭😭😭
cuptoast! >:D
it's the way every artist's style was immediately recognizable /pos !!
*Hamination and then swoosh lol
You can just tell who animated this
Tommy: to meet his husband        Me: that caught me off guard and then I died like hahahahah
omg icecreamsandwich participated in this? i’ve been watching his videos for years and this makes me so happy
this was so funny
In 3:56, I'm going to have a tangent about this but this reminds me of theodd1sout stories where a teacher mistook James and faith for being lovers without realizing there actually siblings!!
Haminations is good and infamousswoosh
Bro got haminations to aminate him
I like the animation changes
I’m so sad that he didn’t get BrodyAnimates on this video😔
This man was in Belfast AND NOBODY TOLD ME WHAT THE FUCK
wonder if he gets married or not :/
YOU FORGOT HER VALENTINESSSS
LETS GOOO LUMPYYYYY
he first kidnapped the odds1out to make him animated now ham animations whos next
Crazyiest thing in the world right now is that tommy has a women
Hay I got a question for you tommy why do you hate the song that’s what I like
wait you were in belfast      i live there
Nobody talking abt the "My clone that is always dancing (do not set free)" sign
Tomas: *Acting normal* His friends: *Acts like Tomnyinnit*
Tommy you sound like TF2 Scout.
U WAS IM BELFAST HOLY SHITE
pffft i love this
SADIST—!!!
When will dream SMP season #2 start?
I immediately knew the odd1sout,hamations,andInfamousswoosh were helping you cause MOST OF THE CHARTHERS WHERE HAMATIONS STYLE
7:05 nature patty
6:00 em dies
I realize that the pixel horror style was lumpy immediately
The moment i saw this video i went like :0 *dramatic gasp* AYO!? HAMINATIONS AND THE ODDS1OUT!?
I knew EXACLTY who animated this by the first second. Haminations is fantastic and so is everyone else. THSI is hillarious
HEY BRO, YOU ANIMATION IS SIMILAR TO HAMINATION!
It's amazing see your favorite animatior working with Tommy!
ODD1SOUT?! CRUMB??!
Tommy sucks
haminations woo!!!
Type Tommyinnit jump in the cadillac everyone
bri'ish people
Did Sadish join on this-?
Immediately thought of Bryson with that animation style
I feel I speak for everyone when I say we need to know how u guys met each other
I recommend going to dublin in Ireland c:
6:05 NORTHERN ireland isn't ireland its part of the uk the rest is ireland why did you jump into northern ireland then
your hair in animation looks like brysons hair for hamimatons from the first clip
Wait , did haminations have anything with the animation of this video????
idk what is more funny; prank on george or the fact that Tommy actually kissed a woman.
HES LIKE HAMINATIONS
The way I get to appreciate the utter beauty of each animator’s style of animation while enjoying a hilarious series of stories makes me tear up just a lil 🥹🙏
the fact that I regonsied almost every animator, anyway love this!!
Don't worry tomathy insideofit i am alredy subscribed
You left out Jaiden, Tommy
"just before moving to florida, to be with his husband..."
I loved this! Haha<3
I love how different artsyles just keeps on popping up 😭❤️
4:33 i fully choked on my spit
I bet she's really pretty
When I looked at this thumbnail for 0.1 seconds I thought he was kissing George
So how is molly
Bruh😶
Good on you Tommy Tommy has evolved into A MAN!! the child is no more  Also good job animators! All of my favorites in one video!I LOVE IT!!!
I love that sections of the videos are different animation styles, the second I saw crumb I was so excited 😂
No one cares tommy..
Jump in the Cadillac
Tubbo sigma male, no shits given xD
Tommy got the fucking avengers of animation YouTube
THAT VIDEO IS MAKING ME VERY UNCOMFORTABLE!!!! 😡😡😡😡
more money:D
JACKSEPTICEYE ABSOLUTELY JUMPSCARED ME
Hmmmm... I wonder who animated this video....
This made my brain go boom
Ireland indeed is a part of the United Kingdom and was founded in December 29, 1937
Me when I realized this looks exactly like haminations
You finally got a girl good for you Tommy and unrelated I think you should ask your mom In 2023 if your still adopted and keep doing it every year your still on yt just a thought though if anyone agrees comment on this comment
i was like why is the backround and the people there looks like haminations video art style?
Odd1sout did thumbnail?
Ñ
When did you hire haminations
"SIS-TA" BEST ANIMATING.
You can’t date ur siblings in America
Haminations?
WOAH NOT HIM DOING THE SHINJI CHAIR POSE……… 3:53
I love how Jacksepticeye guy has a voice over in this🤣
HAMINATIONS WOHOOO
Me and tommy have the same birthday my friend told me so i search it up and I’m like OOOOOOOOLOLOOOLLLOO
Face reveal on your girlfriend pls
i immediatley noticed sadist animation than the other ones😂
Don't worry Tommy, dating your sister is illegal in *most* states in America.
"To Meet his husband" *dream*
Of course Wilbur asked for her favorite continent 😭
am I the only one was surprised when I found out that tommy had a girlfreind
THIS IS SO FUNNY LMFAOOO
What DNF !!!!!
The animators absolutely slayed this video goddamn, not to mention fuckin jack popping up out of nowhere lmao Love this video
the way i immediately knew Ham animated the beginning
I knew it was odd1stout artstyle
I recognized like 90% of the animators in the video.
Ballhair infested burgers
not gonna lie ur animation look like hamination animation which is very good
5:23 bruh this one did Ranboo dirty 💀
He said 2 years ago i payed 20 doallrers for a secret hack client me isnt that Just future client
Tommy darling… belfast is in northern ireland…
3:53 TOMMYINNIT LIKES EVANGELION????
BRO I LIVE IN BELFAST I COULD HAVE MET HIM
I thought you were gay
this animators collab is craazzyyyy
THE ULTIMATE CROSSOVER!!!
Even though he said it is part of the UK, I can officially say I respect him for not calling the north “Northern Ireland” despite being in Belfast thank you tommy for referring to it as Ireland
Fun fact tommy, Americans can't date there siblings or anything like that... Only in Alabama .. SWEET HOME ALABAMA  also the jacksepticeye part is just lovely 😂👌
I'm amazed that he even got theodd1sout to help, I mean that is amazing!
Looks exactly like haminations
I’m very happy to see Sad-ist’s jacksepticeye today
ive gone to ireland TWICE and i couldnt relate more.
I'm sorry but... JUMP IN THE CADILLAC  ( jk I'm not sorry)
Lumpy touch is as cursed as always
Imma die of laughter I'm literally lmfao😂
I knew haminations worked on this.
I watched odd1sout too much that I instantly knew what part he animated 😂
The food is way better
Tommy visit the rep of Ireland it's very different than Northern Ireland lol
You’ve already f*cked up when you take her to Ireland on a Saturday everything is closed that one day
I am a hamimations fan and in the few seconds of watching it I noticed that it was kind of his style of animation.
Tommy. As I've has experience like this before in past girlfriends, it's completely ok to make mistakes like this! But I hope it all goes well!
u suk
ok but why do i have a feeling he's copying hamnimations animation style
I still dont believe tommy has a girlfriend
As soon as I saw Tommy's character I new it was hamination
6:20 bro belfast is lit tho
The oddonesout we stan
Love how Tommy called dream George’s husband 😂
This was so funny 😂
W haminations
Sweet home Alabama
You copied Haminations art style, and OddOnesOut,. And the one guy with a character in a red shirt from Norway with a mech and he's evil
I KNEW U SAW THAT ARTSTYLE SOMEWHERE
Tommy I'm here to put out your favorite song,  jump in the Cadillac girl let's put some miles on it everything you want just to put a smile on it you deserve it all and I'm going to give it to you
This was so beautiful I shed a tear  Everyone did great :D
OMG SADIST'S ANIMATION AT THE END AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
If you know who lumpy touch is then you know why their part was the creepiest
Tommy, tommy, tommy. You said that at 12 million subscribers you would set tubbo on fire in your wedding video. What if I told you there is a safe way to do that? I’m sure Kderr golf on YouTube and his team would love to facilitate that if you ask him to.
Best ever vid on yt, and congrats on 12 million, ur the best.
Isn’t the animation from hamination
I love this 😹
HAPPY 12 MILLION TOMMY-
"Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband-"  THAT SENT MY DNF HEART FLYING-
Next time go brew my was belfast
emma i’m so sorry
Bryson's animation like it
As someone who lives in Northern Ireland, that was very accurate 💀
Tommy acting as if he isn’t the weirdest of his friend circle
I knew the art looked like haminations
Nvm answered my question who animated this
Love the intro
I'm irish and for context almost all of us are Christian I mean very Christian and Saturday is our holy day so places  will be closed
5:05 Sweet Home Alabama
YES ODD1SOUT
I hope this is a joke how would everything be closed in Belfast?!?!
Hanimations did brill
CRUMB!!
beast burger
everything in Belfast starts closing at 5 and finishes closing at 6 or 7 well most places anyway. idk why but its how it is
The biggest crossover ever!
This is the best video ever gosh the animation so spot on, and jack being the irish man made me laugh out loud 😆 very great job tommy
Ham animation style
Nahh I knew when I saw the violence in his eyes in the start he was with hamamations
Haminations did this for you didn't he tommy?
I’m Irish but that was bc u where in nothern Ireland it was bad u would get some of the best food and people in the Republic of Ireland
I feel like laughing
Woah! Different animations of different Animators combine!
You have prevented me from killing myself for awhile now thank you and goodbye for ever
I KNOW IT WAS HAMANAMATION AND THE ODD1OUT
4:34 WAIT DID HE SAY GEORGE IS GOING TO FLORIDA TO BE WITH HIS HUSBAND AS IN DREAM OMGOMGOGOGMOGMGOGMOMG
COOOOOOOOOOOOLEST
12MILL LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THATS MY DUDEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeee
Tommy got rizz
why don’t you make videos with timedeo anymore?
wut
Wilbur MIB interrogation is the most sibling behavior
very poggers
I still can’t believe he got a girlfriend
🤣🤣🤣
i need coffee did i wake up yet.
Please note that in America it is also illegal to date your siblings. Unless you're from Alabama. Not really. It's only like.. second cousins there or something. *We don't talk about Ohio or Alabama for reasons, mkay?*
Bro its like the hamination
Great video tommy
I’m sorry, you probly won’t see this but have you talked to TimeDeo recently? He’s been gone for like a year
When I saw the thumbnail i instantly clicked and thought it was clickbait but Dang.
Thought that thumbnail was grian
LMAOO
No
What
"Thank you ireland... Very cool."    *Technoblade intensifies*
I recognize the animation from ice cream sand which and odd ones out
sooo, no one's gonna mention Jack?
Pov: You recognize all the art styles and who animated each scene.
i looked at the animation intro or 1 nanosecond and said "HAMINATIONS!"
Whos desperate enough to date tommy
You can definitely tell what parts were animated by ice cream sandwich
I know sham well that Hama nation is one of the people that animated it I new as soon as the video started
Tommy I love your videos much and I know you probably don't want to talk about it but I hope you and technodad/mom/siblings and the rest of the dreamSMP is healing due to the pass of technoblade. My heart goes out to you. And congratulations on a girlfriend ❤️.
MOREEEE
How did you get jack in
You can tell which ones started as artists before becoming animators
Belfast is grey. When you coming back Tommy!? Bring Em, please!
ayoo tommy got the blue lock egoist eyes damn can you teach me :))
“My clones is dancing do not set free” 😂 WHAT XD
George struggling like an angry cat has me in tears holy shit
Freddy?? FREDDY FAZBEAR??????
All my favorite animators and more. Thank you Tommy
bruv you can see by the violence that haminations was prob the lead animator
Subtitle : ➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️➡️ His Mouth : ⬆️↕️⤴️↩➡️↔️⬅️⬇️⤵️
Belfast is closed when the English visit and it is NOT PART OF THE UK ok
3:30 Wilbur gave me vibes from that roommate from Scott pilgrim In the first volume
2:16 i immediately identified icecream sandwich’s animation
Bruh stole hamations
Great video
Belfast is in the UK not ireland
I KNEW THAT LOOKED FAMILIAR
woman
Bryhh this is funny
Bro cg5 has a video where he twerks
Why did you not let hamanimation commit murder
i like this its funny
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. O NOOOOOOOO   YOU WENT TO *NORTHERN* IRELAND   NOT IRELAND    THEY ARE VER DIFFERENT      HHHGHFHSUKBSYBHTRYUVTYXTRIJLKHFREERFYN
Lumpy torch was very unpredictable here 💀
why is my guy not uploading and not streaming freaquently
MAKE ANOTHER ONEE
nice, nice... wait george is actually gay?!
As a American viewer, I like to make a statement that it only happens in Alabama
You should get a parrot like an African Grey and make it swear as much as possible.
0:26 bro, even tommy in the haminations style is violent
Could you do a video and play mincraft with em . You don't have to if you want to it's just an idea
ITS HAMINATIONS YOOOOOOOO
ON THE THUMBNAIL I THOUGHT THAT WAS MEANT TO BE DRISTA OH MAH GAWD😊
is she still your gf
Omg jack got me screaming in laughter
is it just me or was the ending thats what i like by bruno mars?
wow, you actually managed to have jack appear in this for a bit at the end, cant say i saw that coming
You joined YouTube 1 day before me
Congratulations for reaching 12 M subscribers 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Y
I notice each animators have their own section
Die❤
ngl this looks like it was mainly in @Haminations Style lol but congrats to all these wonderfull animaters
Slayy the sister thing was halarius
I’m dying
out of all places in Ireland why would you go to belfast thatas the worst places to go
4:34 Tommy: "To go be with his husband.." Me: yes, you are correct.
Ik for a fact that the girl is actually a boy.
I love this video because it includes so much animators that when you see there art style in this video literally gives you the shivers in a good way and I love it ♥︎
Hamanations
Let me set the clone free!!!
4:33 is actually fucking hilarious
Context:no animators were harmed except there family on gun point
WE NEED MORE EM STORIES!
That burger looked like the left butt cheak of the lizard
My Brain:is that Jack?  Me:jack?! Omg?! 😮 My brain:he looks hot in this art style- Me:brain your not that far off
is it drista?
wilbur just being the big brother since techno cant do that anymore :(
Did you almost try to punch Freddie at that moment
W Big Bro Wilbur in the chat guys!
Did anyone else see herobrine?. 😂😂
I recognize haminati9n and the odd1sout
I bet tommy is walking everyday
Nicker
Tommyinnit got all the animators on this
It’s been more than 3 years and he is still actively posting vids!
I KNOW SADITS STYLE WHEN I SEE IT!
omg.... tommy kissed a girl😨
Freddy talking facts though:(
JACKA BOY!
Love the art style
I still doubt that he has a girlfriend,  and I'm gonna beat the shit out of him
YOO Tommy watches Dani?
wilburs a literal character
Jack came in out of nowhere at the end
this is amazing lmao
0:40 0:41 Dream and George Fisting each other
I screamed when I saw sadist’s animation
4:54 “Lies” Wilbur tried 😢
Lol
Yep, this is exactly how I saw this going down lol
If she has a yt
Just wondering
Me
*wheeze*
amei como os artistas trabalham tanto para isso (:
This made me die😂😂
5:43 honestly she should’ve expected this, I don’t think there’s a single woman Tommy hasn’t “”flirted”” with
I like to help with these animations
i knew it but not odd1 bruh
I love how that when you think if a country you immedietly think of a youtuber that's from there
the end was phenomenal
Tommy your still a child even tubbo is older than you
you didn't @ ice cream sandwich right
He's growing up so fast!! 🥹🥹🥹🥹
Not Goggy meeting his husband, like-
Who did the art for when y’all pranked George
Why is no one talking about the fact that he says: 4:33 he says “to go be with his husband-“ like dnf?
“FredDy is jealous”
I feel like he’s doing the sr pelo talks series ngl
"before George moved to Florida to see his husband"  yes yes he did 😛
Tommy
the i don’t mind thing is so accurate 😭
AS SOMEONE WHO LIVES IN NORTHERN IRELAND, I SWEAR BELFAST USUALLY ISNT CLOSED EVERYWHERE
Tom the reason that’s the only place you could get your passport is so that the Irish can torture the British and the shops make sure to close when they know your coming just to screw you over like you did to them
3:48 what’s your favorite shark is a very important question and we need to normalize this
1:33 this is definitely ice cream sandwich
Man u want to go to meath or Dublin if u go to Ireland
Wooo I love ice cream sandwiches post and the odd ones out and sadist and I’ve watched a few of hamilations
I find it funny that the only voice line Tubbo did for this video is just “Hello?”
Not gonna lie I thing tommy gf might start streaming
Dream is not a idiot
damn nothern ireland sounds like hell
O
That first part was definitely haminations
im from ireland not the north but the republic
Willber is doing what brother do best find out and use that thing against them
I like it where George(NotFound) lifts up his glasses and gets confused. 😂😂😂
This video was so much more entertaining seeing animation in it.
trust me tommy you better learn fast
Idk about y'all, but I personally would also ask someone what their favorite shark is before any other question
I know Hamations when I see it
No more hating women
hey guys its me basket ball dan
Jack in sad-ists art style is my fav part 😂
I know that’s Belfast for ya
As an Irish person I’ve never been so offended by the truth in my life😂
Ok that makes sense
4:45  Tell me I'm not the only one who noticed this meme XD
Dude why youtube sayying drista X Tommyinit?
I love all the art stiles ❤
ngl i super didnt expect to hear jack at the end LMAO
Habitations intro
4:03 Underrated
"before George meets his husband"💀😭
Haminations from the gas station ☠️
More like this please
I RECOGNIZED THE SADIST ANIMATION AHDHSKJS
This was great! Could not stop smiling and even had to stop myself from laughing in class😭
epic epic
epic epic
hi
Jaky boy appears
Florida man moment
Oof
I’m I the only one who thinks the gf looks (or is similar) like dreams sister
You guys gotta do more of these animations. This was fun
it so funny
i knew from the first frame that it was haminations who did this         this is how you know that i spend too much time on youtube
Fun fact: Tommy's gf is dream's sister 🤨
Hold up hamanation
Anyone else able to recognise all of the other animators
I've missed these storytime style videos of yours. Hope to see more in the future!
Tommy got a girlfriend  Married tubbo, flirted with someone else  And still hasn’t broken up
I liked tommyinnits animation it’s beauty😅😅😊😊
"IDIOT FRIENDS"
He said he puts the word funny in all his video's what about this one hm?
Animators in order?
You can tell Haminations worked on the intro
The pixel animation is perfect then there's the introduction to George xD
I don’t have a girlfriend.  Also, if I did, I’m pretty sure I would need better friends too…
every non- nothern irish person, Belfast sucks. yep.
im sorry but swearing is not funny
i can't believe bryson, swoosh, james, ice cream sandwich, complexlyRoss and crumb is here
this is fucking Alabama shit
Ngl tubbo just entirely ignoring his gf is the funniest thing i’ve ever heard
Once my siblings start dating, I will be Wilbur
I never thought this day would come
uh 50% oh no
HOW MANY ANIMATORS YOU HIRED
tommy: "I PUT FUNNY IN ALL MY TITLES" also tommy: "I married Tubbo"
6:28 Man looks like Papyrus
3:22 ah yes good bro
Wait was that tubbo interaction before or after you married him?
Sadist and odds1out both worked on this?!?! This is the collaboration the we do not deserve but so desperately needed!
crumb did amazing so did the others!!!
i like how i saw ranboo his hair is like EMO
6:46 i knew it when he said Ireland, there's Jack
I like how we get this, clearly no foreshadowing about his girlfriend and him playing games together
Is the five minute mark kinda seem like  eddsworld
Tommy when the ride bike part LOOKS LIKE TAKIMITCHI FROM TOKYO REV 😢😢
Well people are starting to get very curious about your girlfriend tommy some of us are wondering how she might look like personally.well the only few people who actually saw her face was her friends that are helping to keep this big secret of your relationship and also your friends also know her face personally
4:33 who ever edited that is a absolute legend 💀💀💀      When he said husband bro💀💀💀💀💀💀
4:33 what-
The fact I immediately recognised haminations drawing style in the beginning
tommy finally got bitches
You know what, her being also a chaotic energy with the sibling joke means she's a keeper lmao
I KNEW IT!!!I KNEW THE ANIMATIONS WERE FAMILIAR
Thebonly ones i know are infamous swoosh haminations and odds1out
No ur still married to tubbo💔
Molly 🤫
4:34 :)))))
I love all the animators work
I thought you were gay :(
yea north irealnd if shit comared to the best part
BRO HAS POPULAR YOUTUBER STYLES
It was cool trying to figure out who was animating which part
This animated video is so cool 😎 🎉 can you tell us more stories like this and animated please?! It was awesome how willbur was asking so many questions about you gf he is more like an older brother ❤😂
Tommy is getting old😭😭
i thought that was alex
Very Believable Story :)
6:57 YouTube Captions surprisingly got every word correct
Let it be known, me and wilbur are the same when questioning relationships
10/10 video and animation! 😂😂
i love the different animations
i was about to say he has the same style as haminations, but then i saw his comment
I KNEW HAMINATIONS PARTISAPAITED FOR THIS, BECAUSE OF THE FIRST ART STYLE
Near the minute thing the first thing I fought of was, Shelton from the big bang theory
yo odd1sout did part of your animation??? geez u got gud relations
Omfg y’all used that one that gourge one
1:50 LOL
JUMP IN THE CATALACK
I think his gf is drista
JAMESS!!!  LOVE HIS SHOW!
I love how I could instant tell what part Oddones worked on 🤣.
the odd1sout in a tommy video makes me unbelievably happy
Not the last 2 seconds of the video being jump in the Catalac beat!!!! Stopppppp!
Have u ever done it with her
Good work to all the animators^^ The stories were HILARIOUS  , Good work Tommy and the rest of his animator  team :)
I was about to say right when I clicked on this video it looks like all my yt animators helped with this 5 seconds later I was right🫶 yes George went to live with his husband
I knew that art style as soon as I saw it
day 1 of trying to make tommytinnit notice me
….anyone else playing guess the animator?
Your friend likes your girl
tommy is that the same girl from collage?
It's illegal to date siblings in America
Sad ist animation at the end caught me off guard like a marvel post credit scene
Tommyinnit guess what I have lady liberty on my ceiling. (Unlike you)
DADDY wants daddy daddy mommy mommy and I need help please please help me 😂
ZOINKS! BABES ,,,
Disliked
Hit me up!
THEODDSONEOUT SND THE GAME STUDIO
I don't know why anyone would be surprised that Wilbur's first instinct is to ask about her favorite shark or favorite continent.
Also illegal in America you will be forcefully broken up or the make will go to jail for a week
Animate this 👇             *JUMP IN THE CADILLAC GIRL LET'S PUT SOME MILES ON IT-*
Unsubscribing because Tommyinnit said Ireland was in the UK.  Absolutely disgraceful
sad just sad
05:18 Wait?, THIS GUY WHO ANIMATED this scene, I know him from a certain animation on Newgrounds….
GeorgeNotFound in animated version looking nice, innit bro?
This isnt theOdd1sout
I loved seeing my fave animators!! IceCreamSandwich  and cuptoast!
I'm glad that you were here because you in a few other people have been really the only people have been keeping me alive
Love all these animators. Trying to improve MY ANIMATION CHANNEL and honestly need some work.😅It’s not easy.
Haminations and odd1sout were expected to help
1:21 idk but icecreamsandwich animation is just so good
At 4:00, does he not realize it is also illegal in America? Also I love the video! (Please don't take this as a hate comment, I wasn't sure if he was joking or not)
More animations plzzzzz!!!!
HAMINATIONS IS SO GOOD AHHH
average day in belfast
again?
This guy literally grew up infront of our eyes. He even achieved getting a girlfriend which is a goal he would always tend to say that he would never reach. Respect.
When Tommy said Ireland is part of the UK i smashed my screen and cried tears of anguish
Em, if you're reading this, this counts as my valentine's day present. I know I forgot so count this as it. Please
how does the other 50% of relationships end
i was jumpscared at the start
As a person from Northern Ireland, honestly Belfast ain’t that dull, just go to an Asian supermarket, or maybe victorias square there is a sushi shop there or a McDonald’s and more
No way…Tommy innit having a collab with Haminations..my two favorite you tubers collabed together.I am beyond happy and amazed
I laughed way to hard at the Irish waiter
it’s so silly that i recognize all of these art styles haha
But im happy you found someone you love💕😍 Im happy for you
Tommy sometimes takes it too far😒
YAY Tommy! You got women!!!!!!!!!
LOVE the icecream sandwitch look tbh 😂💖
HAMINATIONS MADE THIS
Ive seen this again and just realized he had his palm read so it came true🙀👁👊👊
Nice
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING ANIMATORS!
I absolutely evaporated at Sean's cameo, and in Sad-ist's style LMAO what a gift, what a blessing
I'm surprised wil didn't ask her about her opinions on anteaters
Tommy took his gf to Belfast I live in Belfast so here's what I'm gonna say  Welcome To My Life-
Nice videoo
4:32 SO TRUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Y wasn’t I invited???? Lol
THIS WAS SUCH A COOL VIDEO OMG IM- LOVE THE VARIETY OF ART STYLES
The jacksepticeye shit got me there😂
Ice cream’s tag isn’t working lmfaooo
"Before George meets his husband" cracked me up
This video was so dam cool.
Okay am I the only one remembering Tommyinit singing jump in the Cadillac, also when CG5 sang it  "Why did the chicken cross the road, to get to the other SIDE!! Jump in the Cadillac!!"  All I heard was Tommy scream no 🤣
In america, were not allowed to date family either  Lol, sean and george voicing was so funny xd
tommy and his woman
As an American, I was obliterated by that roast. It destroyed my very being
This is amazing. I love the different art styles
Lol, I live in Belfast and it’s like that everyday 🤣
i pogged irl seeing the animators, great video!
It’s illegal to date your sibling in America 😂
Woah watching all the famous youtube animations in one video is wierdly good
NO WAY HAMANIMATIONS ANIMATED HIM
Wtf did I just watch
this video is better than any other video he uploaded , thanks to the new animators and editors
Why is this style like Haminations
3:59 YOU DID NOT TOMMY.... I-
Freddie why did you tell me
Wilbur's just rollin' with the 'tism that's all
i have hope now
Tommy is my favourite dnfer
Lmao wilbur is like an overprotective brother-
I knew at first glance it was haminations lol
Why does tubbo look so good in swoosh’s theme
Damn chill it was only 4 days ago and it already has 235k likes🖐️
Why does this style seem like hamination
Bro the techno reference on 7:07
Challenge: guess every artstyle
This was so entertaining for what 😭
"infinity war is the most ambitious crossover event in history"  Meanwhile this:
YO LUMPY ANIMATED IN THIS
How does THIS guy have a gf, what am I doing wrong????
I immediately knew that the first one was haminations bc of his unique animation❤
THEODDONESOUT WOOOO
Tommy casually giving random waiters trauma had me dying...😂😂😂
hahaha i was about to say ur animation looks like haminations videos
Hey Tommy, you're %100 not gonna see this, but i just wanted to let you know how funny and inspirational you are. You fix so many people's lives, and you definitely fixed mine. I wish you the best with you and your gf. Well done <3
Poor Em 😢😂 and this animation is amazing
Yo haminations?
We Need sr pelo animating
The first animator did a awesome job
"yeah ballz" 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Is ridiculous how many times I re watched this video lol
the only animators i know is hamination my favorite, Odd1sout, and InfamousSwoosh
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE SADIST AND SHE DID SO FRICKING GOOD!! don't get me wrong tho everyone else did just as awsome but I am just really excited to see sadist animate for her favorite youtubers! She has come so far and it is absolutely deserved!
Her name is Molly Etkins
Lol
Tommy can you please upload on the tom simons channel
Me:Watching a teletubbies Me:Accsidently press this
4:32 husband :0
Aaaah this is one of the best videos in 2023 so far!!!!!!! All the animation styles and transitions and stories are just perfection! I hope Emily doesnt see you get attached to another government
Jump in the caddilac
2 to the one to the one to the three please get Tommyinnit of my screen lol
I LOVE HAMINATIONS SM
Saw the first 2 seconds and thought: HAMINATIONSSS
Dis guy changed animation style 9times
"It's not a good chewtorial"
Hamination and infamous. Swoosh! Yea
"just before moving to florida to go be with his husband" - tommyinnit, 2023
0:00 hanimations 0:34 InfamousSwoosh 1:22 IcecreamSandwich 2:30 lumpyTouch 3:20 crumb 3:56 theodds1out 4:29 complexlyross 5:18 AdamX 5:55 Checkers 6:37 Sad-Ist Thumbnail: Theodds1Out
I never knew haminations wouldbe animating for tommyinnit
"Now, I understand that my American viewers may not understand but here in the UK, it is illegal to date your sibling."  Do.. do Americans.. date their uh siblings..? 😭
When Tommy said Ireland is part of the UK i smashed my screen and cried tears of anguish
6:00 Belfast is.... not... Ireland... Oh God
BRUHH IM DEAD XD 3:53
complexlyross's part was genuinely hilarious wtf   props to the animators, i think they did a great job making this! the details and the expressions were just, **chefs kiss  especially sadist's part
I fucking LOVE the animations…I want more
I actually like haminations and odd1sout animation
Seems like you have regular friends
I have a friend in school who is from Ireland and he said that that it’s colder the us(note:I’m from the us)
What about me because I am gay
w rizz
man did ireland dirty
NEIN! NEIN! NEIN! NEIN!
I LOVEEEEEEEE JACK.❤
The line up of animators is crazy
NO WAY  HAM  CUP  ROSS SAD ICE  ODD AND SWOOSH???
Tommy💀I WENT TO IRELAND ONCE WITH MY GIRLFRIEND AND IT WAS LIKE NOBODY WANTED US AND WE WERE ACTUALLY STARVING TO THE POINT WHERE MY GIRLFRIEND AND I WERE ASKING RANDOM PEOPLE FOR SOMETHING TO EAT
This “accidentally” being a terrible boyfriend (and I mean the word accidentally) seriously that some of the things you did are and aren’t your fault if you never had a boyfriend or girlfriend before so you have pass for that but if this keeps going on then you might need to rethink yourself for a second and do things she likes for a change it could really save your relationship
Ok, I love everyone's animations and details in this, but I still can't stop laughing at the beginning, where in the background the dancing Tommy clone has a sign that says "do not set free", implying that it would be too powerful for the world to handle.
i cant get over the sadist animation!
5:47 yeah balls...
As someone from Northern Ireland Belfast is one of the WORST places in Northern Ireland.
wow, WE NEED MORE LMFAOOO
Just came to say: you are an amazing person, never give up on yourself, have an amazing day :)
The only animators I care about are Lumpy Touch, haminations and Andy! (Icecreamsandwich for u uncultured folk)
Why do you gotta use comic sans for the Brighton sign man Like the animation was so good
This was done my hamination? I thought it was done by The odd 1st out
Never felt so single 😂
aww Em must really REALLY love you
Dude you can already realise hanimations did a lot of work just because of the art style
0:36 Poor Tubbo watched the video and knew what was about to happen
This dude is a man-child, WAIT! No he is not, HE IS A CHILD  No offense
I love how not just each story is a different style but it's the style OF A FUCKING DIFFERENT YOUTUBER!! Yes, it's kinda stupid BUT IT'S SUCH A GOOD LITTLE DETAIL. Yes guys Hanimations, Odd1'sOut YESSSS HELP ME PLEASE.
4:47 That height ratio is wrong.
TO MOVE IN WITH HIS BOYFRIEND PAHAHAHAHA YES TOMMY THE ULTIMATE DNF STAN LMAOO
HEY WHY ARE WE SHORT??
Tommy got w rizz
YOU LOOK LIKE HAMINATIONS
ur my biggest content creator fr fr ilysm
My friends I’m sorry give me a second I’m going to have to fix Tommy he uhhhhhh fell off a cliff     Wilbur: good job…
wow tommy that's just ruthless man come on only Alabama does that and also probably some areas of Florida
Wilbur was being the older brother, I do that to my siblings new partners.
4:31 I never new gorge was a chuwawa
I Hope You Have A Great Relationship With Your Girlfriend
Sweet home Alabama
Shweet home Alabama
6:45 This moment was great
TOMMYINIT MORE LIKE TOMMY… alr ima stop now
belfast sucked because it wasn't ireland it was northern ireland
Tommy but dont kill here ok like you did to someone in skywars
man i love all the artstyles these animators have
Most of the time in America we shoot people who incest (DOES NOT APPLY IN ALABAMA)
6:58 excuse me that is not Ireland that is Northern Ireland
Jacksepticeye-
5:07 what is that face 🤣😂😆😹
Why did I like the the sister part T_T
ice cream sandwich x tommyinnit is the4 crossover i didn't know i needed
wilbur's deadpan stare is everything
Actually 5% end in friendzoning
haminations?
Idk who this is but why does he sound 12?
Tommy is sad to say but you cheat on her with tubbo😔😔
I KNEW I RECOGNIZED HAMINATIONS
HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome to Ireland mate! We take weekends VERY seriously
1. Northern Ireland and 2. Jack is fuckin hilarious even if it's the completely wrong accent
Ireland is wack, everything closes so early ;-;
You mean boyfriends right?
I recognised every style
TOMMY WHEN TF DID YOU COME TO NORTHERN IRELAND
No one  talking about how he said George went to be with his husband 😂
WHEN U MAKE A NEW VIDEO CAN I BE A SHOUT-OUT PLSSS OR-ELSE I WILL DESTORY UR BLOOD-LINE,oki ty! ^^
as soon as tommy said ireland i just knew jack was gonna show up sooner or later
the fact they got sean to voice the "irish pub manager"
incest is normal in my hometown 😟🚮
iommytnnit
SO COOL
Im guessing hanimations animated this (this was after i watched the vid 6 sec in)
THAtS HAMINATIONS!!!
YOOO, I recognized so many art styles here!! (I'm sure most people noticed sad-ist's at the end, haha)  This is such a fun video!
Do more of these videos
Cringist shit i have ever seen lmao
"The following my American viewers may not understand, in England it is illegal to date your sibling" Tom...no
Bro’s before ho’s
I agree with Wilbur on asking what her favorite shark is. I love sharks and would probably ask that if I start ranting about them lmao 🦈🦈
I thought tommy who did all the art but when i saw the pic i said nahh hes a copy cat but turns out to be animators who did it
love the peanuts reference with that dancing animation
No matter how much you hide, TommyInnit will always find you,  *but no matter how fast TommyInnit runs,* 𝐉𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐬𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐞𝐲𝐞 𝐢𝐬 𝐚𝐥𝐰𝐚𝐲𝐬  𝐅 𝐀 𝐒 𝐓 𝐄 𝐑
"before moving to florida to be with his husband" *wheeeze*
Nah I still don't believe that he got a girlfriend
That por girl
I can see the very unidentifiable jump between one animator’s, to icecream sandwich’s
SAD-ist LETS GOOOO!!!!!!!!
just the get this straight... that wasn't 'IRELAND' it was northern ireland. basicaly ireland without the irish spirit
3:53 neon genesis evangelion reference???!??!
@theodd1sout forever
More of this please 😃
try the republic of ireland, my parents went on a vacation there and it was just amazing everything. You'll have a much better time there, probably.
Will em ever do a face reveal? Like so he can see this!🎉
I want more
OMG YOU HAVE 12.1mill SUBS!!!
One of my fav videos of tommy if not my Fav
When Gorge saw Tommy and his girlfriend  kiss for the first time  He be like : Is this sweet home, Alabama ?
Hearing that Tommy was in belfast and didn’t get food makes me ashamed of my country
Figured that Haminations animated some parts because I know the animations and the other
One second in the video me: Haminations!?
TOMMYINNIT!!!!!  I didn’t have my phone 😔
When I met my sister’s crush I asked them what their favorite kind of shark was
I am commenting here before my channel blows up .
I know half of those animations
loooved Jack's cameo
I just stared watching and I bet Haminations animated this (the first part)
Tommyinnit is such a huge inspiration for my youtube journey, He inspired me to start my own channel and upload my own videos, thank you so much Tommy
Tommyinnit is such a huge inspiration for my youtube journey, He inspired me to start my own channel and upload my own videos, thank you so much Tommy
Tommyinnit is such a huge inspiration for my youtube journey, He inspired me to start my own channel and upload my own videos, thank you so much Tommy
Tommyinnit is such a huge inspiration for my youtube journey, He inspired me to start my own channel and upload my own videos, thank you so much Tommy
Tommyinnit is such a huge inspiration for my youtube journey, He inspired me to start my own channel and upload my own videos, thank you so much Tommy
More
seeing tommyinnit in the haminations artstyle is crazy to me holy 😭😭
Looks like time tom or haminations
I love how the animation keeps on changing constantly
Why does this lookd like hamination.
sad-ist part was the best animated.
7:08 Jump in the Cadillac
that belfast stuff is just a typical saturday. just go to a chippy they always open
BRO U WENT TO BELFAST I LIVE THERE AND ITS A SMALL ASS CAPITAL CITY THATS WEIRD AS FUCKKKKKK
i can see the haminations in this video
How old is she?
i hateb younrfhdofbgj
I wouldn't be surprised if wilbur asked tommy's girlfriend if she likes anteaters
The American part about dating your siblings got me 💀💀
It is also illegal to date your sibling in america
Yea sorry ant that I'm from Ireland (but the good part) and yea Belfast I can confidentially say that Belfast is the worst place on earth
i live in ireland im a big fan lol but i live in coleraine close to belfast
I love that CupToast got to join this project!
I subscribed and put on notifications and I don't know why tommyinnit
Me who knew all the animators by just watching the animations: 👁👄👁
this is amazing ilysm :)
I LOVE iiit!!!
As an Irish person, yes the sky is almost eternally grey. 🇮🇪
6:12 you fuckin fenian
JJJJJJAAAAACCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK❤😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
4:36 😂
THE GEORGE IMPRESSION IS SO GOOD WHAT
4:29 HES LIKE A CAT
wilbur just like me fr my go -to convo starter is 'whats your third fav reptile'
Lumpy participanted dud
bro finally got rizz
3:50 "HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO-" just absolutely killed me.   the animators did such an amazing job goddamn
I think I've watched all these animaters when I was younger
Not gonna lie as a younger sister who just got a girlfriend i have to say my brother does ask and stare alot 💀  (its okay we good tho)
it looks like haminations edited this
bro i recognized the animation style as soon as the video started soo a big shoutout to @Haminations
is that how em looks like in real life?
Bro just play valorant my guy, it's has the greatest content farm lol and you will personally love it
I don’t normally watch girlfriend videos, but that thumbnail was hilarious. I found it annoying at first, but then ye.
Jacksepticeye as the pub owner is just priceless-
I’ll love to see how this relationship ends up.
no need to slag belfast off that much :(
Good Job
The thumbnail is very similar to the Odd1sOut
I live in Ireland
the best ones were odd1sout and icecreamsandwich
4:53 ❤❤❤
Wow you literally took help from every animator I know
the realities of belfast huh 😁😁😁😁😁 (it's such a shit hole)
The fact that Sad-ist made it as an animator into a TommyInnit video is amazing
You are in an ANIMATION!
TECHNOBLADE FIGUREN IN THE BACK GROUND 0:38
OMG IT LOOKS LIKE HAMANIMATIONS DID THAT
I’m surprised this relationship lasted this long.
I think tommy has adhd
I KNEW THE ANIMATION STYLE IN THE BEGINNING WAS FAMILIAR THEN I SAW HANIMATIONS
TOMMY TECHNO DAD SAID YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON FUNNIER THAN HIM
That alabama joke ;-;
we need more animation videos XD
4:34 dnf is real
Tommy seriously looked like a copy of Bryson in the intro. Lol
U have a girlfriend I thought your ga-
3:53 THE SHINJI CHAIR MEME 💀
Hey Tommy! Your vids is cool! Can you make a vid with Wilbur and your girlfriend? 😃 Please
3:57 i recognise this drawing style from anywhere
THEODD1SOUT HELPING YOU?????
ngl, i didnt expect a haminations working with Tommy
That dude Freddy is toxic to have around
what if all that happening, she still likes you
I was shocked to see tommyinnit in brisons style!
Northern Ireland*
Ireland's not in the uk
jack at the end lol
When I see Hamination tag on the desc. I know theres gonna be murders and I was right about it
This video reminds me of haminations. Did he do this for you
1:04 sigma tubbo
Animated story is entertaining, such funny stories and i hope your girlfriend is having a great time with you😊
Wait the Irish waiter sounds like…
i never thought of this but what does ur parents think of wilbur bro
This was so entertaining!
all the animations are so good??? omg i love it
Boyfriend of the year
The "we did this" HAHAHHAHA
Dum
5:07 I really want to see that face of George
wait... arent you married too tubbo tho...
The guy in the black and white mask is ranboo
Banger vid
Who else wanted to see TommyInnit as TommyImp, animated like a character from the "Hazbin Hotel/Helluva Boss" universe.
Tommy i skipped a day of school to watch your videos         are you proud of me?
We are so close to get a "Fantasia"-like short film of just fun story-telling, song and memes by multiple talented animators !!! Make it happen !!! I DEMAND IT !!!
I like how the jacksepticeye voice the Irish waiter
THAT WAS SICK OMG-
Dantdm
cool
And this is where your maturity shows Your friends, well most of them, aren't at that same level as you are honestly.
Sean: *Irish noises*
All the animators in this vid are super talented. Props to them, I wish I could become like them :).
What a nice story, Tommy
All the animators did a good job
TOMMY, NORTHERN IRELAND IS NOT THE SAME AS IRELAND, THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE!!!!
I recognize 3 of the animators as in i was able to look at 3 of them and recognize them   Oddsoneout icecreamsandwich and hamton
So happy to see Ice cream sandwich, theodd1sout, and SAD-ist, they're my favourite animators!  Also Wilby is acting like a protective brother again 🥺🥺Aww
This is a vid on what not to do as a boyfriend but if you have common sense you won’t need to watch this lol
Theodd1sout
This is like a M.A.P, Tommyinnit stories M.A.P
As soon as I saw the animation, it's hamination
Darn I cant subscribe to you because I'm already subscribed
Hi
there shouldnt be storues
I recognised the style immediately
H0W MANY DRUGS DU DO????
his animation looks good than real life
Tommy: but the prank stopped when she met George not found. just before moving to Florida to be with his husband Me: WAIT WHAT!!!???
BRO JACKSEPTICEYE HAMINATIONS ODD1sOUT BRO IM BEGINNING TO BELIEVE ITS POSSIBLE FOR ME TO MEET MY IDOLS ;-;
best moment 5:03
4:25 *sweet home Alabama*. ✨
How do you have connections with my childhood
HAMINATIONS WORKED ON THIS WTF I REMEMBER U FROM LIKE 4-5 YEARS AGO @Haminations
The amount of collabs
I fact that I knew the art styles , this is amazing btw
who cares           edit 12.1 million thats right my bad
Giga tubbo
You Bi ???
i know exactly who animated the start.
Lier
The first thing I said was what the fuck
I started laughing so hard when I heard tommy say ✨wai-er✨
that american line was hella offensive and i never get offended lmfao there’s only like 3 states that, that’s even really a stereotype for
How many types of animation do you want? Yes.
The thumbnail got me off gard🥲 now i got depression again
I'm sorry but the scene where Tommy just picks up George at 4:31 is just golden-
lumpy
omg I laughed so much lo
CONGRATULATIONS ON 12MIL! Firstly, this video is incredible! All the amount of details and quality story, you can really tell everyone that worked on this worked so hard.  This was so sososo entertaining especially to watch whilst on primere.  Love this sort of video and the animators are amazing!
I never expected for Sean to show up at the end
hilarious make more of these
this is so real (i love you tommy i want a girlfriend please!!!!)
4:00 it took me a good minute to realize the joke…
The way I squealed every time I recognized an animator
i love icecreamsandwich’s facial expressions 😂
Freddy ‘did you know that 50% of people break up in relationships’ Tommy ‘why is this even happening’
TOMMYINNIT SHIPS DNF I REPEAT TOMMYINNIT SHIPS DNF
🤣
Tell Me More
I hope you make more animations
2:30 your first mistake was going to Brighton.
i clicked on this without seeing the title thinking it was an odd1sout vid lmao
HOLD ONNN CUPTOAST??
Bro the amount of different animation styles is mind blowing
I love how his friend “best friend” evan is like jealous so he like tries to break them up lol
Huh is this a Hamination video on Tommyinnits channel????
HAHAHAHHA ANDYYYY (Icecreamsanswich)
Yes george and his husband dream have been confirmed
I saw haminations and ice cream sandwitch
“George went to go see his husband” BHAHAHA TOMMY APPROVES OF DNF
Imagine if Technoblade meet his gf haha 🤣
tommy might not be a child anymore.... still doesnt pay taxes tho
This explains all the delayed uploads by all those animators
Sean in my eyes is the epidemy of the irish race
NOT SMOL ASH
Never new I needed sadist to do jack lmao but now I need more
3:00 that's fucking stupid, it's not terrible behavior, if she says "i don't mind going on" then what the fuck else are you supposed to do? Do we rlly have to have the "women speak in code" Debatte all over again? I fucking hate that shit so much!
HAMINATIONS!!!
Women prison         Jk I'm dumb
Hahaha 😂
this isn't the best tutorial for advice with your girlfriend so be a sured  don't have to much hope and 50%  realationships are not stable and the next is stable omgs this was a rollar coster no joke gorge is heart broken and atleast the burger  was better than nothing am i right but in the video i prefer nothing not gona lie lol🤣🤮 that's how it look
Me wondering why did It look like Tommy coppied ham
This is epic
HELP WHY IS THERE THE COOLEST FUCKING ANIMATORS ON HERE
4:29
I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!!!!!
honesty ross had my fav art style in this
I love how half of Tommy's relationship problems are his friends
WOOOOO🎉🎉🎉🎉
Ngl you and Wilbur do act like siblings
I was not expecting jack to be in this, when he started talking I laughed so hard because I didn’t expect him to be there
4:30 thats it
5:06
I really enjoyed noticing who animated each part because of their style. Shoutout to the animators!
congrats on 12mil
In a while everyone in this comment section will say Freddie was right. Just watch, just like... Mr.Beasts
Amazing
I really wonder if Tommy actually thinks it’s legal to date your sibling in the states, cause if he does know, that might be the funniest roast he’s ever made
I saw the thumbnail and I literally have never clicked faster in my entire life-! Literally the animation from all these amazing artists are so good.
you could just tell the first part was animated by haminations
Sisterless and brotherless behavior casually pulling that kind of prank for so long
So pure
Does she watch your videos, Tommy?
NO BUT THE FACT HE PLAYED JUMP IN THE CADILLAC AT THE END THO-
Wilbur interrogating Tommy's girlfriend about her favorite shark and continent sounds so completely in character for him The animations were so good and it was really cool to see sadist and crumb as well!
haminations was busy
Jack as the sever just pefect
Mmmm Brighton
Just one question, how
WE GOT HAMINATIONS AND ICE CREAM SANDWICH LES GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I had a heart attack seeing lumpy animate this-
I Hate To Offend The Other Animators And I Really Mean It Cause I Like Theodd1sout But Haminations Was The Best In The Video In My Opinion
Your poor girlfriend… Also the fact that Jacksepticeye is in this just completes the whole thing Super funny 😃
Hahahah it’s illegal in America too.
Gay
We need more animations like this
Tubbo is too adorableee
Tbh Wilbur interrogating Em is exactly what my brothers would do
bro did the shinji
Whaaaaat??? Tommyinnit and Em were in Belfast and I MISSED THEM??? 😭 kms fr
5:08 I can imagine the shock on georges' face 😭
Em meeting Tommy's friends is absolutely Hilarious I swear 😭
3:09 ain't no wayy 😭
Ayo thats just Alabama man
Yeah, don’t go, Belfast go Dublin
i need more of these
Wow
Which George has a husband and it’s drea-
Oh my, all my favourite animators work on a single piece? Amazed.
C’est la vie
How do you like the burger we made😈😈😈😈
I have a friend who likes me, but similar to Tommy and Em, most people think we are siblings. Here in México we call those people (people who date their siblings/cousins or look like they do) "norteños" 🤠
I searched up. ASMR is in  the first thing I saw.
A NEW HAMMINATIONS VIDE- oh nvm
4:33 see even tommy ships it
Did she ever meet Dream?
I love animation and i love this
THE NORTH OF IRELAND IS VERY DIFFERENT FROM THE SOUTH
love the america slander
I love Jacks Part in this lmao
3:55 bro insulted everyone who lives in Alabama
When he know it whas hamimatioms that did the art work
It was so well made! Nice vid lol idk what to say
Wilbur's interigation reminds me of what my bestfriend did, I always call my bestfriend "my little sister" and when I first got a boyfriend we made a group chat and she asked the most random questions to see if he was good enough, we did break up after a week and a half 'cause he was toxic
I knew I knew the animations style it was haminations
6:16 if you stay long enough you'll get use to,it :) love ireland
.
This  Was  Amazing
Love how jacksepticeye had a cameo as well as tommy switched through all the art styles of the animators
YO HIRED HAM
3:01 You were a sweet summer child Tommy xd. Not anymore. You're a man now
Bruh thas animation
Tommy's got a girlfriend... She must be a very fun person if she can handle Tommy's craziness
I live in Ireland and Belfast it not the best
The fact that I could tell without even looking at the description which animater animated each part
Not haminations calling themselves sexy 0:31 😂
Wilbur watch the child carefully he’s unpredictable
I saw this art styles:  Ice cream sandwich  Haminations Swoosh Odd 1s out  and idk what else :)  Bye ✌️
Icecream, Ham, and James. The best
HAMINATIONS
I love how he switches to everyone’s animation style
NOTHERN IRELAND
BRO YOU VISTED MY COUNTRY
Belfast is in Northern Ireland, not Ireland
I thought the intro looked very similar to haminations
I really liked how it was constantly changing animation style, especially when it was one I recognized from a creator that I watch 👽
I think the reason tubbo never asked about how Tommy’s girlfriend is doing is because of the introvert instinct to never directly talk to someone you don’t know to avoid any awkward conversations with them… which only makes things even more awkward.
Tommy how is your mental health are you doing okay?
Sean speaking his native tongue was the icing on this cake.
You? You have a girlfriend? Lol.
theodd1sout best part
Tommy not understanding basic social cues needed in a relationship is the funniest and most utterly relatable thing I’ve seen I hope this man never changes 😂❤
MORE!!!
Best video of the day
how is nobody talkiing about their weird ass pranks, like it just threw me off so much 👮no hate to them tho just thought it was weird
''like most humans we needed food'' MOST?
HEROBRINE
Tommy is honestly sooo good at voice acting and I love the animations!! (And the fact that George met his husband)
"hes like a brother to me.. he mocks me he beats me up HES A GOOD GU-' peak comedy
belfast in ireland?
0:32 very sexy yes agree
This animation was so good
im irish and we have good burgers! (not in belfast or dublin though , yuck)
I knew this had something to do with haminations  There is too much violence to not be him
Oh my gatch jackspeticeye 😱😱
Didn't have enough time to look at the animator screen that lasted about 2 seconds so I was super surprised to see Lumpy in there when his part came up-
I WANT MORE STORIES
BIG MAN TOMMY
Despite the Alabama memes it's is quite illegal to date your siblings in the US as well
Fuckin hell mate
Tell me how your girlfriend feel about you marrying tubo
Best TommyInnit video by far.
As an Irish person I can i Confirm it is almost always cloudy
Nice job love it
The amount of people is insane. nice job!!!!!!!!!1
Wilbur’s Moment gave me a big smile HES SUCH A BROTHER TO TOMMY
Imagine they were actually long lost siblings ._.
We gotta love Tubbo being Tubbo
If that’s not the most Wilbur thing to do, idk what is
Lies
This is sooooo cool! We need more!!!!
Didn’t even have to check the animators and saw that my boy lumpytouch animated part of this
4:31 I LOVE Dreamnotfound 😍😍😆💙💚 If u agree 👇
Bro when it says the thanks to if you pause it at the right time there is an arrow pointing to bryson aka haminations that says Sexy
lol i recognized alot of the animations immediately nice video i hope you make more of these type of animations keep these going.
RECONIZED THE ANIMATION STYLE IMEDIEATLY
As an Irish person, I was insulted when he said bringing em to Ireland was the worst thing he ever did.         Then he said it was northern Ireland, and that made me feel better.
That was so good the animators did a great job on this video and it was very funny to hope you and your girlfriend are doing well tommy 😎
That was so funny and I like the art style from your girlfriend and you^^
Sweet home alabma
3:23 Tommy don't say that, he will cry
What was the bill on this animation
I love this very much wow
Love how Sean was the bartender
It's for the money
No one gonna mention the fact that he stated Americans date their sibling?…   Ok never mind great video guys
Cats and prods’ll have a field trip with this one.
im in love with this video
what in the sweet home alabama was this
Why did this pop up on my fyp😀
The plot is just awesome. I wish some nowadays shows were like that, I would watch them
Ye Tommy go to the republic of ireland
stay the f*ck away from Ireland
3:22 get a restraining order on wilbur. Solid video idea.
I love how you can see the different style of lots of awesome animators we know and love! So cool! Nice work and definitely worth it!
Omg he went to Northern Ireland???!that's were I live 😦😦😦
never, not a day in my life, did I expect tommy to have lumpy animate even a part of his video, but oh god do I love it
4:01 ok tommy I see how it is
You went to Ireland on a Saturday
Thumbnail made by TheOdd1sOut  Animation made by Hamination bro wtf XD
did anyone notice that the end jingle was a part of "that's what I like" by Bruno Mars?
Fun fact Haminations did 90% of the animation
io love tomyinnitu
You should go to mayo or Dublin in Ireland because it’s better than Belfast
are you sure she is a girl
I don't know if anybody noticed but at the last 2 seconds we can hear "JUMP IN THE CADILLAC" XDDDD HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
WARNING: THIS VIDEO MAY CONTAIN LARGE AMOUNTS OF BRITISH WHICH COULD BE POTENTIALLY HARMFUL TO AMERICAN VIEWERS.
4:32 had me dying yall 😂
holy
Can you tell badboyhilo to read this po say
I love how you can tell who animated each part.
6:37 IS SAD-IST <3333
ICECREAMSANDWICH??????? ODD1SOUT????????? INFAMOUSSWOOSH?????!?!?!?!?!??!
you can tell the first part of the video is by haminations
I recognized haminations intro immediately
Tommy guess what? YOU CAN BE A TEACHER AT 25 YEARS OLD 😀👍🏽
Go to borris
4:31 i had to pause the vid from dying of laughter-
Hamatomms
The way Tubbo just came into your house unannounced also congrats on the girlfriend 👏
cool video tommyinnit i just broke up with my boyfriend😁🔫
Honestly when I first saw the thumbnail I thought it was Steve and Alex instead of George and Em... 💀
Me in the corner who has already  subscribed to all the animators. And I love how you said that George going to go be with his husband 😂😂😂😂
Please can you visit Uncle Ben again More Please MoreVideos whit tommyinnit and benn /urban rescueranch
Good content, Tommy! Keep this up
Gay
Lovely <3
Ngl Wilbur embarrassing Tommy with the interrogating questions is such a big brother thing to do
I CANT BELIEVE HE WAS IN BELFAST I LITERALLY STUDY THERE 😭 i need to go out more
haha funne
You should of went to nenagh it's better
Se me hacen muy divertidos las videos de Tommy este video es mi favorito aunque no conozco a la mayoría de los animadores XD pobre George se quedó traumado  Saludos
You know most people date someone that looks like them because genitically you match
Extremly Common @Haminations W
Freddie is correct though
George went to Florida to see his ‘husband’ 😭💙💚
Very cool
I recognised haminations arts style at the start before you put up the names of the animators.
6:37
i know your there the odd1's out
Tom, it is also illegal to date siblings in the U.S.
I actually really enjoyed this
I havent seen a MAP in ages, this is beautifully done
I was not expecting that Jacksepticeye cameo in the slightest 😭
AHH!!! SO many of my favorite animators!! I was so happy to see both cuptoast and sadist there too!!
the animation on george really captured his georgenotfoundness 😭
It makes me so happy to see that sadist helped with this animation
I could tell instantly that it was haminations doing the animation at the begining i watch way to many of his vids
Hi I love your editing haminations and odd1sout
Lets go george going to his husband
YOUR FRIENDS WITH HAMINATIONS YESSSSSSS!!!
didint think this would happen
Your birth parents are dead I'm pretty sure or they just hated you
Some very cool shit
It's so amazing to see how every artist went all out for their section! Super funny and detailed
I love jacks accent in one of the scenes.
4:01 killed me
Uhhhh hmmm  (DREAM IS GEORGE'S HUSBAND )  NO ONE TOLD ME THAT I THOUGHT THEY WERE DATING 🥺( OH GOD I SHOULD WATCH MORE TOMMYINIT VIDEO SO I WILL KNOW EVERY SINGLE COUPLE👍 )
Wilbur lay off the bad cop
Congratulations on 12 million!!!!
Sorry from Belfast 😭✌️ but out burgers are delicious you have to admit ☺️🫶
Wait hamination? :0
LETS GOOOOOO
First time realising that it was weird my sister kissed me on the lips when I was like 5 (she was maybe 22)
Happy 12M :D🎉
Happy 12M :D
the second I saw this I thought there was a video that tommy and haminations  met
"then we took George to visit his husband" *appears Dream* LMAO
Thou forth of the cartoony terrors.
Bro I would defo watch a movie like this or a series
omg your character has the cheese hair from sims 4 (this is not a hate comment cheese hair is very funny and suits you)
that is wrong with gorge when tommy pulls him
THE tommyinnit was in belfast AND I DIDNT KNOW
Yeah, you’re British
No, you’re not British
No way your becoming a story time animated creator
Are you British like me?
a love getting a little glimpse of bts in the life of tommy bc it always manages to surprise me
We need a vlog with em in it
Every time I recognize an animation style I get so excited lol
I stopped drawing when i heard jack. He summoned me
I love that Sean played the Irishman
i feel bad for ice cream sandwich because he had 0 replays
next time you go to ireland dont go the the north us down south are much better
blud
Hey Tommy since you've met jacksepticeye have you met markiplier
Questioning our lives together all 😊😊😀😀
Knew who was animating the sec I saw the video, good job ham
Cuz it is
6:54 "buurgha"
you look like haminations and i just saw haminations comment
His hair looks like Haminations XD
Oh god, the "Strawberry champagne on ice" at the end🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wait, does this mean tommyinnit in the haminatiins universe is as powerful as Bryson? We need a showdown.. NOW
I loved the animation, all the animators did a fantastic job!! 💕💕 Pls gives us more animations 🙏🏻
This is amazing I want a part 2!!!!
I NEW IT the moment i saw the animation i NEW WHO THIS HAD TO BE THE WORK OF....Nice
I'm kinda sure that dating siblings is illegal in America as well
Damn this is like a BIGGGG YouTube animator collab :0
Alabama
JUMP IN THE CADILLAC GIRL LET'S PUT SOME MILES ON IT -Welcome :)
Tommy, you found the best animator ever So many references for real 🤣
Dear TommyInnit or Tom Simons , I am deeply sorry for what I am about to say . I must unsubscribe from you for religious reasons. I have been a consistent fan of your work for two years . Thank you for all the good laughs and times I have had watching your videos. I hope you keep on growing your channel.  Sincerely , The Two Sisters
It was nice to see lumpy touch animate
3:53 Tommy in his Shinji era
i mean yea "technically" it was cheating but thats just who you are ya know, you took a diamond armor suit too a lady filled beach and they still flirted with you.
LOL BEST STORY EVER
So this is where Haminatopns has been
Based tubbo, bro dont care about no chicks, he on the grind
Freddy  is talking the true thing of true love
the animation I could tell was switching style its so cool! Mustve been cool
No one’s gonna mention how tommy called dream George’s husband? Just me? Ok
I thought her name was sky
He really did say jump in the cadilack girl put some miles on it 😂 (im joking)
The animation was SO cool You gotta do more collabs, it was AWESOME
I love this video  Edit: SO. much.
LOL it was so cool man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I regonise haminations art style at the start like not even 20 seconds in
ALL THE DIFFERENT ANIMATIONS ARE SO COOL
🫶
I love each of the animation styles! I can tell which animator animated them
The animation was absolutely hilarious, and I figure some of those were vastly exaggerated for comedy but the whole "I don't mind/I do mind" is actually terrible communication on her part, not yours? Like, comedy aside, open communication is what keep people together, not this kind of "subtle guess" bullshit.  And that's a general advice for everyone and every type of relationships. Communicate people. Seriously. Communicate. It's hard but the other person can't read your mind. Communicate.
Tommy, I think you are the adult, British, and more hyper version of me like not even kidding         *SO JUMP IN THE CADILAC*
I am ngl, when I saw the Thumbnail I knew @theodd1sout helped, Great artist and amazing youtuber. Soubway is my favorite fast food place. Oh god I can't believe he made the detailed hands.
0:16 reference to Peanuts Xmas Special. Very nice.
The fact that 6 of my favorite animators (TheOdd1sOut, Haminations,  InfamousSwoosh, icecreamsandwich, LumpyTouch, Crumb) are in here just makes me scream of joy-
I know where the art style in the intro comes from
5:33 Tommy looks kinda like Johnny Test right here
You used Bryson's animation style
Wait a minute, isn't your girlfriend that Asian girl from video?
Bro became an incredibly influencual gamer to an incredibly influencual story time animator
Yes THE POWER IF ANIMATORS. Thank god i know all of them
Bro is haminations+theodds1out
WOW THIS IS ONE OF THE COOLEST TOMMYINNIT VIDEOS I'VE EVER SEEN ALL THE ANIMATION STYES WOAH
Really freddy
Tubbo turned into his kinecraft character for a split second
Wow, I love the video. It's wonderful that you share your life story with us in the best way❤️✨️
This is kinda cool that it was made on my birthday :]
my favourite part of this video              5:06
I love the animation
Cant wait for irl stuff
4:01 says it all...
Just wait till she gets interrogated by Techno in her dreams. The man's dream hopped before, he can do it again.
Ngl bros lookin like haminations
I love those vids  like sypherpk
did hamination animate this
Wilby sorry Wilbur is basically your brother
BEST ANIMATION EVER
YESSSS BRYCN!!!!
‘How many drugs do you do?’  ‘About 15- WAIT A SECOND’
As soon as I heard Ireland I knew Jack is gonna be there, I was right ofcourse
"To meet with his husband "
Bro hired haminations
No wonder it felt like Hamination's type of animation mix a bit with the odd1'sout at the start
The thumbnail is odds thumbnail
the hairy burger 💀
....she looks like drista
wow haminations helped
its such a tommy thing to just come on yt announce his gf and go aloof
you look like another animation youtuber his mascot is the ham  edit: oh wait hamination is there thats why you look like him
I *LOVE* how i can recognize each art style INSTANTLY
The intro was defenetly made by hamination
I love all the art! Omg its such a good capture of emotions xD
When's the face reveal?
The start animation was like hamination it looks like he did get start
4:31 I HAD TO REPLAY THIS PART SO MANY TIMES I DTG IM DYING THE WAY HE HOLDS GEORGE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH LMAO
oh god no imagine what the stans are gonna do after this
AWWW
George told Dream about Tommy's sister .
Wow thats some good really animation. Loved seeing lumpytouch, icecreamsandwich and cuptoast in this. And the others did an amazing job as well.   Also the jacksepticeye apparience was funny.
Bruh I've got since last year (when I was 15) and I met my gf when she was 13 I'm 2 years older than her
YOOO TOMMY THIS IS FIRE 🔥
I recognised the haminations art style as soon as I clicked on the video
Icecreamsandwich is not in the description
By the fact that the some of the style is like haminations
This guy literally grew up infront of our eyes. He even achieved getting a girlfriend which is a goal he would always tend to say that he would never reach. Respect.
Jacksepticeye?
I like how you can see the different animators styles.
Literal Masterpeice nothing else has to be said
Tommy is a DNF
Tubbo : sees the girl/Tommy's gf : 5 sec of silence* oh tommy I joined the life steal smp I got banned then on the dream smp ranboo and I killed dream
5:08 that look on George’s face- IS KILLING ME. It also reminds me of the look on Verosika Mayday(from Heckava Boss) when she realized she released a giant fish
Wilbur was being a big brother
Why is that such a Wilbur move 😂
6:45  This is the funniest funny
TOMMY INNIT YOU HIT 12MIL POG CHAMP!
5:04 shit got me weak
just go to the middle of Ireland...
But Tommy is ga-💀 *gets kicked out of the gang*
This is so cute
That drawing of you isn't that accurate because your hairline is to straight.
part 2 cmon.
Lol
Everyone: Talking about the video Meanwhile me: Thinking why "Jump in the Cadillac" music is playing in the end of the video.
I love how the thumbnail was drawn in the Odd1sOut style, and the actual vid is based off of Haminations style
tommy have you met kevin the ostrich?
Anybody going to point out the JackSepticeye notion? 💀
I love how each animator matches so well with every clip they had to animate
she look like alex from mineracft
Cool
50% of relationships don't end in divorce that's just a mith
You could say we were very, innit
Hamiltons
Saw like 20 different animators in here.
if techno see this he will be so proud (rest in peace technoblade)
Sean got a bit creepy at the end
shut up
Why does he have so many styles
I only know two animators on here and Bryson (haminations) is at the intro and TheOdds1Out at 3:56
Hi
THE SISTER & GEORGE BIT LMFAOOO
The story got animated by all of the animators here character type
omg yes you got theodd1sout and icecream sandwich to help animate
Tommy I wanted to ask you are you ok?
I was so happy to recognize someone of the animators! This kinda reminds me of a something else yt video ngl😂
hanimations but funnier
she seems so nice i'm so happy for you
I have friends with a bunch of idiots when he said that I posted about laughing
Nothing just notice too many animestione in one video
Did Tommy realy get jacksepticeye to do the Irish voice
10 or nine artsyles in one vid
i like the video btw and its a funny one
3:56 :OOOO ODD1SOUT
Animators did such a great job, and the stories were hilarious lmao
Aww man this was really epic to watch
ICECREAMSANDWICH YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooo i know that guy!!!  Also crumb and Sadist <3 much love
This is funny
I could have met Tommy since he was in irland also did he meet jelvis pevlis
Are you seriously who is that girl
JACK!?!?
thats just northern ireland. dont go there. go just ireland
This just click something within me  (Its screams for more but the efforts needed to make more is incomprehensible)
Is it just me or does Tommy in Adamx's style kinda look like Fred from the new show worst rated show in all of history that I won't ever say the name of?
jacksepticeye nailed that lol
As soon as I saw the animation I knew haminations had some kinda participation in animating
most entertaining animation i've seen so far, I WANT MORE TOM!
wilbur asking me her favorite shark and continent seems very valid to me
the animations were insanely good and tommy did so good w the storytelling. really enjoyed watching this
I love how he has a techno figure
jack talking in the "true irish accent" as my cousin calls it scared the fuck outta me
“Andieisjd feimfkfkr I don’t know what you call it but I can get you a burger there jsidiwjdnjfigiee for youfbfhiejshddj whatever you want now.” - Jacksepticeye
Jack's cameo made me wheeze!!! But all the stories were great and the animations so incredible!! We're all very proud of how far you've come, Tommy! Keep up the great work ^^
ham lol
The amount of drawing styles I’m shaking
I'm Colling it now tommy is ganna get cancelled he's getting to personal and has a snowflake of a community
Tommy has w rizz
I noticed Brysons animation style instantly
Good for you tommy I am okay (I am not fucking okay)
the worst mistake tommy has made in this video is going to Ireland, *whilst being a brit*
Haminations?!
shout out to the animators and editors!  Im sure that took so so long and so much work so slay!  God bless and Jesus loves y’all <3
0:01
The fact that the art style kept changing every time
Banger video!!! I recognize all of the art styles and a huge fan of every single one who animates it :D
Amazing job done by the artists! 😊🎉🎉
DUDE THE ABSOLUTE SMILE ON MY FACE WHEN I SAW ICE CREAM SANDWICH, CRUMB AND SAD-IST WERE INCLUDED HAAHAHHAHA DUDE PURE FUCKING UNADULTERATED JOY I AM IN CLASS RIGHT NOW FUCKING STIMMED TO NO END  i must look actuallt insane but its ok i am so happy to see their stuff :] and also everyone elses segments were rly good too!!!! so many talented artists i love this video so much HAHAHA
5:24 Dude Ramboo 🤣
Animated very good
I see every bit of haminations animation parts.
Hamination help you for your animation? I didn't know
no no there is some red from the car bombs in belfast tommy
I really hope for more content like this it was super fun to watch
It’s so cool seeing all the animators art styles
tommy is really milking views from his girl : L
I don’t know if the name In the corner is the name for the amimators but if it is it’s a nice touch
isn't tommys girlfriend tubbo in a wig?
I am surprised she didn't break up with him after all this.
I can’t tell if Em actually is this disengaged or if we’re just looking  at the relationship through Tommy’s eyes
Congrats
Amazing start
I expected theodd1out, but  sad-ist and ice cream sandwich? It’s like a huge crossover.
SWOOSH AND LUKEORSOMETHING???? plus icecreamsandwich
This is kinda like that guy I forgot his name but he made his own animal
like the refrence to jump in the cadillac at the end
That kinda filmier to haminations
I WAS SO EXCITED WHEN I SAW SAD-IST LITERALLY JUST BECAUSE THE WHOLE TSP COMUNITY PRAISES HER-
it's only legal in alabama.
This was really a work of art, no other way to describe it. The animations thy went into this were so utterly amazing and complex, I really hope to see this from more YouTubers.
Sadist animating part of this was the best thing I've ever seen, along with Tom's friends from a WHILE makes this 10/10 content
DUDE so many good animators
This is the funniest thing. Also I was here for the premier, very happy about that!
Oh God
Tommy...😐..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................I don't think I asked at all 😐
Hamination animation style
I love Wilbur
No one: Random animators: *sigma*
Belfast can do better, I promise
I'm just gonna imagine his girlfriend as him with woman hair and makeup
5:40 nah Tommy does that with everyone, men included.
I don’t think Jack would make it as a chef
SAD- Ist's picture for the shout out broke me...
I knew i could recinise tysons art ong
Nah you can’t say that, American siblings can’t date each other either
SADIIIIIIIIIST
HAMINATIONS TYPE ANIMATION YEAHHHH
Jackseptici: *speaks gibberish* Tommy: UHh, yeAH...oK
4:31 LMAO 6:46 JACKSEPTICEYE LMAOOO
Bruh i was gettin into the dam video AND U CUT US ALL OF LIKE THAT O-------------------O
Em must REALLY like tommy cuz damn, i would’ve left after the first story-
Just before moving to Florida to be with his husband *shows dream*
5:26 I found this unknowingly funny 💀
FREDDY? UHH huHUHu
I feel like multiple people animated this.  Edit: ok so I'm a few minutes in and when I saw the odd ones out style I was like "THE ODD ONES OUT"
This is now my favorite part 4:29
I could tell Haminations' animation ANYWHERE. I love that he was included in this video.
"just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband" Tommy is just like us for real, he's tired of the hiding
i like how the intro was the animation style of haminations
Me: If Tommy could get a girlfriend, i can get one t- Universe: No u dont, loser
Tommy how!!!!
This was so funny
i'd tell her to blink twice if she needs help but I don't think we can do that int his situation
lol
0:30 I KNEW BRYSON WAS A PART OF THIS. THE ART STYLE IS 🤌🤌 Edit: I COULD TELL THAT THE INTRO WAS BRYSON
I really love your videos Tommy! I’ve been watching you for years, and I’m so glad to see you’ve grown.
I have high respect for animators
This made me laugh alot after a tuff day, thank you!!
SAD-IST <3
Im pretty sure Hamination did some of this
Who els watched this on tubbos stream ?
YOU HAVE A SISTER! 😂 YUP! 😏
4:04 that's only in alabama, anywhere else is taboo
This is kind of incredible 😂 Ok but all that aside, if my partners friend (**cough brother**) asked me what my favorite shark was, I’d marry them. (My partner, not their friend. Yeah you get it, I’m just going to stop now.)
Omg infamous swoosh and hamations
As an Irish person I have to tell you that as soon as you stepped on our soil we all got an alarm tho shut our blinds and close our shops like you see in those western movies.
This is the first time I seextommy using animations on his videos an they look super cool, and as always creative, keep up the good work tom😊
This is the first time I seextommy using animations on his videos an they look super cool, and as always creative, keep up the good work tom😊
This is the first time I seextommy using animations on his videos an they look super cool, and as always creative, keep up the good work tom😊
I love the different animators blending together, you should do this more!!!! 😊
This is so cuteeee
tommy accidentally flirting with a woman right in front of em is honestly unsurprising
ayy Haminations and James
i LIVE IN BELFAST AND I AM SO MAD I WASNT IN THE TOWN WHEN U CAME HERE!!!
After watching the whole video, I went back to the moment with all the animators and the moment my eyes landed on sad-ist I started crying from laughter
HAH the ending music, LOVE IT
this is gold
Tommy, having been craving women for basically his whole life, has ended himself in a place of accidentally flirting with other women unintentionally in front of his girlfriend.
"fair warning, the following, my american following might not understand. in *england* its illigal to date your sibling" i died. i actually died
love how there’s like 10 different animations
Been watching Tommy since 2020 so it’s incredibly odd that he has a girlfriend now…feels like an achievement
i know this art stye from a mile away
I'm sad we didn't get the story of Em meeting Ranboo and discovering they are, in fact, the same person
4:41 I love how Ross’s style has Tommy as this really small gremlin in comparison to the others
This is soo cool lol, cuz like every how many minutes it changes the animating style
i love the ice cream sandwhich style angry tom
The outro theme  🤣
TOMMY HAS A GF????? omggg congrats my guy 🥹
Bro in America it’s not only illegal in most states it’s also pretty fuckin disgusting in probably all of em
Same in the USA
Well this is something I never thought would happen. Odd1stOut, one of my favourite childhood animators working together with one of the biggest man and best streamer ever.  *what a miracle innit* /hj
Sadists animation is beautiful😭😭😭😭 AND JACK AS THE WAITER HAHAHA
This animation style looks like haminations animations style (nvm it is his animation style)
Am I the only one who looked at the bottom right corner?
As someone whose Irish, I can confirm everything is grey 😬
DNF COMFERMD LOL
The animators did an amazing job!!!
can somebody tell me whats the song that comes out in second 1:46
Bro we got theodd1sout, icecreamsandwich, and sadist all together in a Tommyinnit video? It’s the crossover we never knew wanted, but know that we’ve got it it’s better than we ever could have imagined.
Took me long enough to realised that the animations were made from different animators 😭
tbh, no offense tommy....        I kinda figure you'd be the bad boyfriend type
I could tell that hanimations made the intro lol
NOOOO They did not prank George like that pfft
This is so fun!!! Happy you two have a good relationship
Gosh I love all the different animation styles!!
seems familyar
6:11 accurate
bro did not just do that 4:00
OoO
4:27 “Just before he went to Florida to go be with his Husband” I died 😂😂
i knew who animated it before i looked luv u haminations and if I'm wrong well dammm
He switched from haminations style to infamous swoosh style
I’m glad odds1out and haminations are In it
Imaginary girlfriend
1:11 happens to me daily too Tubbo.💀👍
I KNEW IT HAMANIMATION DID SOME OF THISS. I LOVE HIS CHANNELLL
Like a bunch of animators I like animated this.
I looked at the animators and was like I knew I recognized hamminations art style (sorta)
As an Irish man who's been to Belfast a couple of times I can confirm that it is a dump litterly if your ever there again I would recommend either anywhere in the Republic of Ireland (apart from Dublin)or Derry but apart from that this video made me laugh
...yeahhhh... props to ur girl for putting up with all of them😂❤️
It's so cool how it is animations
‘Thanks for whatching’ my ass thank you all for making this video, love the stories, the animation 10/10 would recommend
This is hilarious
jacksepticeye •_•)
I love
Tommy, what the fuck, that's bryson's animation, DID YOU STEAL IT?
ok why would you say that now 3:57 . like thats cool and but... huuu. and i just watch the waiter part. im dead
she seems toxic lol
that is cute.. also SADIST?
You didnt go to ireland you went to northern ireland the shityest place in ireland come to dublin
That was Fr the best video I’ve seen all month
Bro got the Odd1sOut, Haminations, AND Infamous Swoosh. Damn.
🇺🇲O⁠_⁠o
I broke out laughing at 4:00
Going to Belfast for a good time is like asking Leonardo Di Caprio to date someone over 25
Shops in Northern Ireland don’t open until like 11 or 12 on the weekends
As a person from Belfast, I can confirm everything is just grey.
I know very well he did not just put the instrumental to that's what I like at the end-
i was gonna say from being in a few relationships myself it felt really off that his girflriend was so eh... bit of a yikes about both the biking thing and the "flirting" thing,if youre dating someone then talk double code and then call their behaviour "terrible".. just be honest,another thing being playful with people on a daily basis and having a bit of an ego isnt bad,as long as youre not clearly having any intentions of actually doing anything
Im from ireland and we have nice burgers just u didnt go to a good stop but i loved the vid thx
Bruh I need more updates
Lol
holy cow Jacksepticeye's irish accent sounded like gibberish english to me
"just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband" 👍✨
Ireland is always like that Tommy trust me I know I feel your pain 🇨🇮😅
The influence of westminster has been shocking on the annexed section of ireland. Fuck England, tiocfaidh ar la
I love how you can see the different art styles
Why does Tommy yells out Freddy like Markiplier
"But I thought 'you know what? It won't be too bad. My friend will be cool!!"  *And that, ladies and gentlemen, was his first mistake.*
aww so sweet!!, tommy should meet the girlfriends family.
No way theodds1sout and theinfamousswoosh helped making this
This video was just pure joy to watch, and seeing my favorite YouTubers come together for this collaborative joke was just amazing! (Also loved how SAD-ist animated jackcepticeye. Not only was it clean and expressive, but the funniest sh*t I’ve ever seen! XD)
A my guy is here! 4:43
Why do you look like emanation  animated you
I LOVE THE ANIMATION SO MUCH ❤❤
4:01 makes sense we do Alabama over here
YES YES YES! AS AN IRISH PERSON, HEARING TOMMY TALK ABOUT IT WAS FUN, EVEN IF HE WAS ACTUALLY TALKING ABOUT NORTHERN IRELAND AND NOT THE ROI
You see, the problem is you went to Belfast, don't go to Belfast
brighton gang
YO HAMINTIONS also ima new sub this was the funniest thing I have seen in my life😂
He have a gf but he still married his best friend
Tell me why i was shocked to see sad-ist :'D she's such a queen istg
i know 7 of the animators let’s goooooo THSI WAS AMAZING 😂😂😂😂😂
HAMINATIONS WOOOOOOOOOO
bro got the gorefield guy
Idk wilbur asking em what her favorite shark is a VERY good question, favorite sharks are very important :)
Make more storytime these are so cool.
I love that Sad-ist went from making fan animations of the smp to being one of Tommy’s animators
Definitely didn't go to Belfast at the right time Any other time would've been great  Although everything being gray is,. Kinda true
Plot twist she is Drista 😳😳😳😳
Tommy must've colabed with all these animators.
YOU WERE IN BELFAST?! ALSO HOW DARE YOU BELFAST IS AMAZING
I new the intro looked familiarly violent
“Thank you Hypixel, very cool.” - Technoblade “Thank you Ireland, very cool.” - TommyInnit
the part where she pretends to be your sister is hilarious
I could’ve sworn you were gay
As an Irish person, I would like to formally apologize for your time in Belfast, I strongly suggest you go to Dublin next time, they have everything and anything at basically every time and everything is triple the price. It’s still very gray though  Yours truly, An Irish woman
The Irish accent at the end was just top notch.
Right, no idea where tf ya went to in Belfast, ON A SATURDAY, that everything would be closed. I'm from Belfast and literally majority of places are open pal. Also, rule No.1 of Belfast: Never get a burger in Belfast. Just get pizza
Loved Sean making that Irish accent at the end
Is this Chinese tommyinit or the fake one? I can't tell
As someone who is Irish I can agree it is hard to find food pro tip tommy use google maps to look for places to eat and congrats on having a girlfriend I’m expecting a video in like a week titled me and Emma broke up and it just says funny after but actually good luck tommy women are confusing
I laughed so hard I was crying at 5:05
bro said dating sibling like here in the states every relationship is sibling on sibling action.
you're gay
Welcome to northen ireland Tommy where we don't care about are people 👍👍
poor george
I should take my family to Ireland when I get one
Bro fr went to BELFAST instead of ANY OTHER PLACE like my man
Hhhmm
Bro I still think that was a lie
i just spent the past 7 minutes and 13 seconds dying of laughter XD
0:03 you did not said that you have a picture of a "Ham" in your living room
Um- excuse me, Tommy, I'm American so I'd know ITS STILL ILLEGAL HERE TO DATE YOUR SIBLING! Sorry, I just had to get that out of my system.
Tom: Cheating on My Girlfriend Makes Real Life one thousand percent funnier
Ice cream sandwitch isn't in the animator credits?
this reminded me on odd 1s out anims
"oh, is she real?"
The thumbnail is Theodd1'sout and the beginning is hamination and after is icecream sandwich
this video was extremely difficult to stop watching
jack septic he comes in clutch with the irish burgers.
At the intro he looks like hamination
U should of went to dublin in ireland
LUMPYTOUCH IS IN THIS ???????!!!
Not gonna lie, that was pretty good. Tommys rapid behaviour fits perfectly his movements in animations. Love it. Hope to see more. Also so much work put into it and just 7 minutes.
nobody: literally not even us: fred: *DID YOU KNOW STATISTICALLY-* Tommy: "istg freddy"
you got LumpyTouch in this wtf. I guess more lumpy content for me
GAY MEN
Holy shit aminatoions so cool haminations 👍👍👍👍
Jack made me laugh so much
Im IRISH
I would have knocked Freddy out bro XD
more more MORE MOREEEEEEEEE MORE NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW I NEED IT NOWWWWWWW- 💀
Never ask jack for a burger i suppose
POV Freddy “🤓 umm actually”
Just the tut i needed
I live in Belfast and I can confirm everything is grey and devoid of colour
hamnationsz?
SADIST HELLO
You can see all the animating styles lol
amazing
this feels messed up
This was an absolute work of art I'm so in love
heyyy I know who animated this!
Tommy drawn by TheOdd1Sout 😭🤘
bro fed them the nasty patty
George should have known that wasn't his sister.  He would have made "I SPOKE to my OWN SISTER" if she was
Haminations animating for tommy innit??
I'm gaining so much knowledge
4:01 ain’t no way, does he not know anything
I feel very excited when Tommy did something like an animation video. Love it.
Lmao ill tell you something i learned it the hard way with my girlfriend 🤣
what app do u use  to animate dude
Him "I put the word funny in all my YouTube tittles" one of the titles "I married tubbo"
oh god, why you made it animated
Was that at the end… jump in the Cadillac…
Average day in belfast 💀
I love the Mii plaza theme in the back only true OG's and I mean like 3DS OG's
Tommy turning into Sypher 🤣🤣
Sounds like Wilbur, yes.
I'm just going to ignore the Tommy just said that dream is George husband
2 days 182k likes
Tommy Alabama isn’t a part of the USA
This is great
I know when i see haminations animation style
TOMMY YOU WERE IN IRELAND WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME. IM NOT IN THE NORTH BUT I WOULD HAVE BEEN FOR U
WHOAA SADIST
I love how I recognized every animation
I love how all the artist who worked on this got to show their own art style in each bit
thee fact that she stayed with him through all of this is a testament to their love or smth
4:32 LMAO
pov northern ireland: grey, brick houses pov the republic of ireland: colour galore
Gosh this hilarious, it would be amazing if you could do more videos like this with other animators!!
Maybe visit actual/republic of Ireland next time
thanks ham
3:27 most accurate portrayal of wilbur I’ve ever seen
At 1:21, I really can't figure out who animated this. I thought it was @IceCreamSandwich but he isn't in the ANIMATORS section
When i saw the first minute I screamed "ITS HAMINATIONS" 🤣    👁👄👁
This is really cool! Great job!
Bro when he was walking in Ireland he became the queen
Wait a minute is that hamations looking hair
Mkay but like to be clear ITS ONLY ALABAMA! THE REST OF US ARE NORMAL
Seeing a bunch of amazing animators all work together to make one animation is truly something special.
Hold up is tommy not pure anymore?! ☠️
im from ireland i van confirm this is true
so were not talking about you marrying tubbo?
i saw the mountain in the backround and i was like wait a minuet WAIT THE ART STYLE HAMINATIONS!!!!!
Freddie brooo
Love 😂😂 4:43
Amazing animation! But Tommy  fun fact Belfast is in Northern Ireland 🇬🇧
Bro I'd love to see more of these
I want a partner like Tommyinnit, lmao
TOMMY HAS A GIRLFRIEND ??? WHAT!?!?!?!
i watch so many of these animators videos i recognized almost every animator
TOMMY! YOU GOT 12.1M ON YOUTUBE!! YOU HIT YOUR GOAL!!
Okay but Tommy taking Em's "I'm fine" at face value is not a bad boyfriend thing to do, I feel like she just needs to get better at clearly communicating her needs
foolish of you to think us irish are known for are good cuisine
I love how the animation was from so many different youtubers
Liked George's reaction
Charlie Brown dance
Who else immediately recognized Haminations and theodd1sout's  animating style?
I thought this em was fake.
Belfast isn’t in Irland its in the UK more specifically Northern Ireland
I knew haminations helped, the style showed it
DID YALL NOT NOTICE THAT THEY SMUGGLED THE SHINJI MEME INTO THERE?
Not the 8bit That's what I like by Bruno mars at the end
Seeing some of my favourite animators work on this is surreal!
Good job ham man bro your so good and all the other animators everyone who did this work y’all need to keep going🎉🎉😊
Tommy just calls George dreams husband
this was my favorite CHOMMYINNIT video I've ever seen in my life. big L on CHOMMY'S part though. Thank you animators for making a actually interesting CHOMMYINNIT video
I’m so sorry that happened to you in Ireland my home country😢
YAYAYYAYA SEAN CAMEO
Jackcepticeye crept up on me
Oh
4:02 ONLY IN ENGLAND!?!?!?
what the frick
All my favorite animators working on this just made my day, Luv from france
the different art styles in this are so freaking cool i was not expecting that. 10/10. i’m so happy he’s found someone who make him happy, love her already!
Definitely love these stories, please do more animation-style videos talking about yours and your girlfriends experiences 😂
belfast isnt ireland
I HOPE YALL BREAK UP 💯🔥
1:00 shout out to Tubbo for his autism moment LMAO
Bro has never been to Norfolk
MORE MAKE MORE
Damn I see how it is
Not tommy saying “Americans might not understand this but in England it’s illegal to date your siblings” I can’t lmao
George and Dream married confirmed!
You know you've watched animation youtubers for awhile when you can perfectly tell who animated which part by animation style    edit: I just noticed names in the corner and I feel dumb
I open a Tommyinnit video: I jump back in shock at seeing Haminations on a Tommyinnit video:
This is one of the funniest videos i have ever watched
omg the husband one XD PFFFT georges husband XD
This is a collab video that i didnt expect to be
Fake
We irish are not known for our burgers or nice wether
SADist made an appearance! Yeeeees!
Jesus is coming soon repent before it’s too late not forcing this is real
This video was live when I was in school but school administrator locks restricted mode and for SOME reason this video is restricted, and i couldnt watch it and nowimdrowninginchemeasgfiasfelfebrehberoimgwtfbbq
how dare you cheat on tubby ur marryed!
Bro from the beginning of the video I could tell that it was Haminations
How did u get all my favorite people to make this.
Ireland isn't bad you just went too the bad bit
This might be my favourite Tommyinnit video so far
Jacksepticeye
do this more often
Kiss
2:30 gameboy reference hit me like a japanese high-speed train
1:21 ice cream sandwich animation reference nearly hit me like a freight train
JACKSEPTICEYE AS AN WAITER?!
Pin this comment because yes
5:07 George is like 🤨🕶️🤏  THAT MADE ME DIE 🤣💀
“Just before moving to flordia to go meet his husband” DREAM IN THE SKY IS THE FUNNIST SHIT IVE SEEN TODAY💀 ( 4:34 )
Hanamanons!!!!!!!!
This video is basically Tommy talking about how he is a bad person and boyfriend
4:02 this looks OODly familer 🌚
The wilbur section and end XD
Oh my god
WOMAN?! WOMAN! My training as a TommyInnit fan has come to use. WOMANNNNNNN
1:01 Anyone else sees the Snorlax plush on the sofa?
DNF CONFIRMED? O.o
didn't you marry tubbo?...
Biggest best crossover
I can’t with Tommy’s voice with hamminations style
This makes me like his girlfriend a lot, and she seems like a really cool person
Yoooo
jacks part was hillarious
awgg balls
Tommy came to belfast WHAT
i knew hamination helped witht his from 1 second in the video i know his art style so well
The second it played I recognized that art style
I missed the story vids man...good to see great work
The fact that you can tell which animator animated which part is just awesome
6:43 favorite part of the video was not expecting jack
1:20 Tommyinnit just shown where he lives
I love how multiple animators animated this, and only 2 of those animators I knew of:D
NAH THE DESCRIPTION IS TOO CUTE 😭😭
I was wondering about if he would make this before he did
Tommyinnit: I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND!!! Also Tommyinnit: I MARIED TUBBO!!! Just so happens to also be Tommy: HERES SOME STORIES ABOUT MY GIRLFRIEND!!!
First 3 seconds and I knew who animated it
Also you can easily tell sad-ist’s animation style
I wane’s wrong also nice herobrine Easter egg Lumpy
I could easily tell that hanimations animated one part of this video
She seems like a keeper.
Out of everywhere u chose Belfast man 😂 no wonder y u where disappointed
I saw lumpy touch and knew something was gonna be pixelated and scary
You use so many Animation styles
smh cheating on tubbo
I COULD TELL THIS ANIMATION WAS HAMINATIONS STYLE I FRICKING KNEW IT  edit: and then I saw the other animators and knew this episode is gonna be wild...
tommy i want more
Bro i love tommy and IceCreamSandwich and haminations and the odd ones out this video ia great
Seeing Tommy as an ice cream sandwich animation is my new favorite thing
His girlfriend is DRISTA
GEORGES HUSBAND DREAM STOP
Dnf confirmed by tommy 😂
?Gogy will remeber that
Am already so in love with molly!!
6:21 what did you expect we Irish are known for our HORRIBLE weather :)
so good and cute
this is so cool
Make more
Maybe you went to belfast on a bank hoilday, typical for everything to be closed then. I grew up in Ireland and its usualy all colourful
I liked the part where he was animated.
this is so fun 😭❤️ love the animations
Is this hamations style drawing
Waiting for part 2
When u saw the thumbnail u knew that something is "ODD" here
hm
northern ireland isnt part of ireland .-.
The description says cameos   Wilbur left the chat*
I love everyone that contributed to this
😀
LumpyTouch HAS TO BE THE BEST ONE
tommy animated fits so well for some reason
Me just dying over the start of the George bit
I just love how everyone is baffled by Tommy's girlfriend
The oddsoneout 😂
4:35 HIS WHOT-
HAMINATIONS YEAHHHH
This is halurious
the following americans might not understand in england its illegal to dat your siblings LMAO thats just the best thing ive heard
5:18 bro looks like the new Fred from Velma💀
that was the most accurate representation of Belfast i have ever seen. It is the worst capital city ever
bro i lost it at jacksepticeye....... 💀💀
anyone else hear the bruno mars at the end?
It is some one's drawing at the beginning
The fact that I can name the animators by the look of the video means I watch way too much animations
Dating your siblings in America isn't a crime but almost everyone looks down on it. unless your a dog. Dogs commit incest.
1st story was kinda familiar to me almost the same thing happened
MORE NOOOOOWWWWWWWWW
When i first saw the animation style i was like this is haminations the he next one was infamouswoosh without seeing the animators
Okay, firstly, huge props to the animators, y'all did this so well! Props to Tommy because this storytelling was genuinely so funny and well done, and lastly-   Jack killed me.
TheOdd1sinnit
Hamination?
It's northern Ireland not Ireland lol
I Watch SO many yt animators- SO I could tell the styles of haminatons , and others- but this video was great-
I like how it starts as haminations style he is very underrated :)
You forgot to tag ice cream sandwich :(   (the third part of the animation)
I like how every animator Has a part in their video with their own style
Ooooooooooooo
I love this sm like ❤️🤚 please Tommy please do more of this , I think storytelling is like your calling
I need more ❤
I loved seeing all the different styles of the animators, even though I only recognized a few. Also did no-one notice the bisexual flag background at 0:32 and kinda at 4:34?
Ok so far the thumbnail is the odds ones out And Hamilton animatoin so far
Jack being the pub owner is priceless
Bro has a GF? Impossible.
CRUMB AND SAD IST POGYOU
So this is where they been
Welp time to go to England
As someone who learnt english thanks to storytime animators right before discovering Tommy, THE AMOUNT OF NOSTALGIA THIS GAVE ME
Tommy start a new SMP earth but better this time
I love that he sesh that ''Beffor goerge lives to  Florida to go live with he's hasbon''
I KNEW IT hamination helped
love that i can see who animated what from their style lol
kinda looks like haminations animating style
LETS GO
Tommy acts like a complete 7 yr old when he has some random ideas
i live in ireland
The outro jump in the cadalac
Sweet home Alabama 5:17
Wilbur’s stare went through Tom’s soul 😂
LMAO- love this g
NO WAY
Ya Belfast can be pretty dull 😅
Wow now im very surprised that her didnt broke up with ya lol
swoosh, icecreamsandwhich
you dont like belfast well lucky you aint in the capital dublin I live there in suffering
Bro tommy is so funny. His hide and seek from 2 months ago I fun
Lol gogy on thumbnail
5:32 it reminds me of those artstyles from eddworld. Let's gooo
BRO THOSE ANIMATORS ARE CRAZY GOOD WHAAAT
Wut
Well then
At 0:31,THE WORD 'sexy' WAS SHOWED UNDER BRYSON BAHAHAHA
i love how the artstyle keeps changing
epic
The moment I clicked this video, I knew haminations helped on this video
I love the haminations style on Tommyinnit
Tommy being animated by my favorite haminations makes me happy
The best history i ever seen
Bro, no offence, but I'm surprised she hasn't gone insane by now 🤣
Tommy I'm from Ireland and to be honest bellfast is not always gloomy and sometimes lovely and did u do the titanic musean tour ??
One of the best animation videos iv seen in along time
Thanks tom! But i already subs too 3 of them😅   Btw GOOD QUALITY VIDEO!😊
Wait. HAMINATIONS ANIMATED THIS? THE TALL MAN-CHILD!?
Adhhdhxuejsjchfhbghdyrj right hOws YoUR bUGeR good 🤢 good🥴
I love how its jackcepticeye for the irish man giving the shittiest burger to them and hes just slurring around words
Pokemon
Welcome to Ireland, where it’s always grey and it mostly rains and you don’t see much kids out to play, you see them indoors by the window sills, or out behind an ally buying some pills. Irish children are the wanna-be Geotto, acting like they own the place and acting all mello. Irish music is a culture unlike any other. Irish mothers force tea and toast with butter, if you deny the food she’ll be mad and threaten to cut yer. Ireland is the land of the leprechaun. They are actually real they live in a trailer park. They are 4’4, long beard, alcoholism, the entire fam smokes a pack a day.. no surprise.. and they’d beg for money or rob stuff off your lawn. Never trust a leprechaun.
Part 2
no WAY Haminations worked on this its SICK
e
More stories plees
Bro went from Tommy innit to the odd1sinnit but ngl animated you is so funny amazing video as always 😂 reminds me of Hamsanimation
Wow didn't know ya came to Belfast! Yeah it is pretty grey here in Belfast 🇬🇧😂
SUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
its fun seeing the uk map and knowing my tiny ass town is on there. knowing exactly where it is. espically on youtubers videos
Tommy used the quote from the lion king "I am surrounded by idiots"
TheOdd1sOut!!! This video was so cool.
Poor jacksepticeye
Hmmmm I wonder who made tommy this video
tbh i love the ice cream sandwich art style
that's why Haminations wasn't uploading
This video what’s so cool!!!!! I loved! Every thing abaot it and it what’s fantastic❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
break up and wake uo
Fun fact i interrogated my sisters bf just like wilbur did to em
WAIT WAIT WAIT DID TOMMY SAY “ he left to florida to go see his HUSBAND !?!?” DNF IS REAL
great vid!
Jacksepticey 😂
Getting laid tutorial when?
So many animation art styles
THE ANIMATION IS SO AMAZING
❤️‍🩹
I just find it funny he gets a girlfriend and the first thing he does is make a youtube video. Mcyt do not pull.💀
Bro is 16 and have gf💀💀💀💀
EVERYCOLLAB WE NEED IS HERE
Amazing video 😁 lots of respect for the animators 👏👏👏👏
Yes
The problem is Tommy, you went to Northern Ireland. If you go to Ireland at least go to a good place like Cork or wicklow
be gay plz
This animation is actually good even though is not enough to convince me tommy has a girlfriend 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 still can't belive jezzzz.
The chaos of Ice Cream Sandwich and the chaos of Tommy is the pairing I never knew I needed
wilbur relly is a brother
That "YOU HAVE SISTA?!?" by George was the most hilarious line in this video it sounded so lively AHAHAHAHHA
Me when I saw @haminations: YES YES I KNEW IT
freddie was trying to become a-train
🤔
I LOVE YOU SADIST ❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
I like how I recognized most of the animations art style lmao
4:24 HUSBAND?!
Was that jacksepticeye who did the Irish mans voice
I love how tommy ship DNF
THESE ARE SO COOL
fellas, I'm sorry to say this, but I don't think it's 50% with this couple
This was such a great video, good to know your friends like your gf! And congrats on 12 million subs!!
3:56 odd1isout starts kicking in
Is it just me doing this like guessing who is the animator for certain scenes
This is like one of your best videos! You have such a good "cartoon voice", really enjoyed this!
Probably one of my favorite animation videos, I love how the animation style and mood changes
0:31 the faces
Lol funny part for me: 0:49 😂
This was epic to watch tommy
Time stamps of every different art style in the video and who (I think) drew the part (correct me if I'm wrong.)  0:00 - 0:29 Haminations 0:33 - 1:20 Infamous Swoosh 1:21 - 2:29 Ice Cream Sandwich 2:30 - 3:19 Lumpy Touch 3:20 - 3:55 Cup Toast 3:56 - 4:28 Theodd1sout 4:29 - 5:17 Complexly Ross 5:18 - 5:54 AdamX 5:55 - 6:36 (I think) Sad-ist 6:37 - 7:11 (I think) Checker
Honestly loved this animation and all the people who did it 👌
Make more of these
bro this video got all my fav animators with one of my fav youtubers great work tommy someone getting all of these animators together to make 1 video
DUDE I RESPECT u also the animayors are aacctully youtubers like the odd1sout and haminations
“Thank you Ireland, very cool” … techno 🥺
Bro every day in Ireland/ NI is dark and gloomy so u had a normal day in Belfast lol Tommy
THIS IS SO FUCKING FUNNY
NO WAY LUMMPYTOUCH IS IN THIS!!! I LOVE THAT GUY!!❤️
You’ll have to make your gf face reveal soon 😡
I thought you were dating tubbo
what a video.
I live in belfast and this is very,very true
Wilbur didn't care about answers to his questions, but was rather locking into a psychological battle torturing Em to see if she'd crack. He knew if she couldn't pass his test, SHE WOULD HAVE TO DISAPPEAR!
Hold on a second didn’t Tommy say in his last video that at 12m he’ll set Tubbo on fire 😂
Guys the description id do WHOLESOME
wilbur interrogating em abt her favourite sharks and continents is probably the most wilbur thing wilbur has ever done
Tommy: talking about how bad Belfast is. Me: welcome to Northern Ireland mate
Tommy,my favourite dnfer
3:56 the question that popped up in my head                                 "Siblings or Dating??'
You have angered all 2 million or so people living here in Northern Ireland by calling them Ireland lol
I LOVED THIS VIDEO
The the cameo with jack
U good story maker tomie🤩🤩🤩😦🗿🤩🤩
DEZZNUTS
i SCREAMED when I saw crumb as one of the artists who helped with this
2:30 I love this style of animation  👌
From what Wilbur's streamer friends have said about him, Wilbur interrogating Tommy's girlfriend by asking questions like what's your favorite shark or content sounds exactly like him.
lumpy?
Omygahhhhhhhhhhhh tooo much people that i luvvvvvv
Yes I lub u and subd yu Tommy N Haminations and alllllll the others that are INFAMUS ha!!!•U•  All the others:ßřŭĥ
Proof that tommy is not gay
He looks like he mixed haminations and the odd ones out
I love how every few seconds there’s a new style.
I like these animations you should do more lol
This is very funny
hAmimations
Tommy u should probably find all the mysterious codes for certain means 😂
Hey Tommy if you read this congrats on 12 millon
Did Bryson help u? Cuz it is identical to his style of animation.
thE ANIMATORS I LOVE THEM
3:56 is this the one from the odd1sout?
Is there no audio or is it just me? 👀  Edit: Nvm, it's back, WOO!!
I can't believe that haminations, theodd1sout, infamousswoosh, and other bigs helped on this vid
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS the art style was familiar to it
Eww 5:59 looks even worse bro what is that
Eww the part at 5:20 looks horrible
As an Irish man myself the Republic of Ireland is way better then Northern Ireland. Well besides all the swearing and bar fights but that’s a given
4:32 husband?!
Tommy is really Good at Animations Anybody Will Rate its 1000/10
bro i live in belfast
Like it  love it
I mean.... Congrats! I think I can safely say you achieved one of your biggest life goal. Good job Tom! U made an animation :D 'kind of'
Did Bryson Teach Him His Skills Haha 😂😂
I love this video from the animation and different art styles to the story’s this video is just Hilarious
Notice how he accidentally revealed her name when he said "me and em" at 0:45
Thisjust looked SOO MUCH HAMMYNATION
quite a legendry moment to see the odd1sout and haminations animate the same video
I love how everyone talks about the animation when Tommy is #6 on trending. CONGRATS 🎉
it would have been so funny is you responded to that as: also 50 PERSENT OF MY VIEWERS ARRENT SUBSCRIBED
I wheezed when Jacksepticeye started speaking - going FULL fucking Irish - as I did not expect him to pop up. The wheeze physically hurt, cause I would've woken up my dad with the loud ass laughter I would've done if I had let it all out lmao  Awesome video as always! Animations were awesome, stories were fun, and it's great to hear more about your life and girlfriend! Hope more awesome stuff like this comes soon <3
why is the outro jump in the cadillac are trying to say something
Jacksepticeye!!!!!!!!
where have i seen this animation style before...... HAMINATIONS!?!?!?!
Sadist's animation at the end surprised me
🧢
As someone from Northern Ireland and lives in Belfast I’m a mix of offended and thinking wait “TOMMY WAS HERE”
Edgar William toes
POV: YOU SEE A WOMAN!! What do you do? What CAN you do?!
now, i would take notes from this vid on what not to do as a boyfriend, but i wont since I can’t pull for shit
It hanimations style
tubbo is sad
Finally... Tommy gets bi-*ahem* a fair maiden
imagine if it was animated by meatcanyon though
SAAAADISSSTTTTT<3<3<3
That was entertaining. I have nothing else to say that’s all I am words I got in my head.
All of the animators in this video in order  First style: Haminations 0:00 - 0:34  Second style: InfamousSwoosh 0:34 - 1:22  Third style: Ice-cream Sandwich 1:22 - 2:30  Fourth style: idk, I couldn’t figure out 2:30 - 3:21  Fifth style: AdamX or cuptoast 3:21 - 3:56  Sixth style: theodd1sout 3:56 - 4:30  Seventh style: ComplexityRoss? Probably 4:30 - 5:18  Eighth style: AdamX actually this time, maybe? 5:18 - 5:55  Ninth style: idk, prob zomi bom 5:55 - 6:36  Tenth style: definitely sadist 6:36 - 7:13
whats the song at the end
"This may be surprising to my American viewers, but in Britain it is ILLEGAL to date your sibling"   ...This is my new funniest quote of the year        Looking at you, alabama
I love all these animators I have been waiting for this my whole life
The intro is so hard for me to watch bro ugh
BRO GOT EVERY ANIMATOR TO ANIMATE THIS VIDEO
andddd thats why i hates ireland
is this a lie or real?...
Wow dad I never thought u had 2 wifes
*I knew it was Hamanimations helped due to the style at the start of the video*
i love the yelling animation sm lmaooo
damn epic ani
0:30 Cuptoastttt <333
watch as they break up in a few months
2:34 Pleaseeee
Yoo, odd1sout, sadist and cuptoast worked on this
This might genuinely be one of the most hilarious videos I've ever watched
OI LADDY YOU BUHGUH GOOD INNIT
I could tell the first bit was animated by haminations 💀
Sus
"To his husband" ayo, dnf?? :^
this made me spit SODA all over my bed from laughter tommy thanks for making me laugh like actually I haven't laughter that much in along time
Real
This was very cool
Я так рада,что у томми есть девушка :D
4:34 was my favorite part.
It's fun to see the different animation styles and to be able to recognize some of them and try to link them to the animator
ahh the sweet home alabama
I absolutely love the fact that i can point out which animator animated each bit of this video
ayp
As an mcyt fan and an animation fan this pleases me greatly
congrats on twelve million Tommy
Don't worry dude you're doing fine but i fully agree did Freddie HAVE to bring that up RIGHT THEN? Like just, but why? But why would you do that though? Overall you're doing amazing no worries for you thusfar as everyone in a new relationship makes these relatively common mistakes.
You should do more animated videos
Bro I LITERALLY saw in 0.01 second, Haminations called himself sexy 🤭😂
Hey, you forgot @IceCreamSandwich in the description
I know how’s art style this is it haminations
Chat and his Dad talking at the same time: Thats our boy
Bro 20 on trending. Y’all are so interested
I recognized the Haminations animation immediately
I was about to say that this is so similar to Hamon nations animation style and of course he is a animator of course
I prefer johnnyoutit
I KNEW IT  Just by looking at the thumbnail I could tell Haminations worked on this
This video just proves that artstyle are easily recognisable and you can tell who animated which part
This is amazing
DAMN YOU HIRED THE BEST ANIMATIONS IN HISTORY
LOL JACKSEPTICEYE
idk why i hate him now
America viewers may not understand Me: sir I'm from Asia.
HAMINATIONS HELPED ON THIS MY MANNN
was this animated my haminations?!?!
Dude, you shouldn't be surprised that people who didn't know you (& didn't know you were joking) wouldn't want anything to do with you after saying that she was your sister. (Why would you DO that? It's really, really creepy.) Apparently there's still a lot of decency in the world.
0:31 watch slowlyyyy
I saw this animation title and Its scary how all of these I know 😭
wait you say balls in vein as well bro I'm not the only one  5:45
@haminations
You shouldn't have went to Belfast lol. One of the worst places in N.I apart from Larne. Man i wish I could have been there to meet you buy I wouldn't want to take away from your time with ur gf or anything so it's for the best I didn't.
I like how you can tell apart the animators
I SAW SADIST OMG
i hope he does more stuff likr this
Hi
It’s so cool how you can tell who animated what part
no le entiendo ni madres pero está bueno el vídeo 😊👍
Please please please make more of these please 🥺🥺💞💞💗
ANDY
4:34 ... *what*  edit: timestamp
Unsubscribed. You’re no longer part of our team 😔
OH MY GOSH!!! I LOVE ANIMATED STORIES!!!!!!!! AND YOU INCLUDED LIKE, THE BEST YT ANIMATORS TOO!!!! btw, I love the story! I feel like your friends handled this really well! (except freddy) But I hope you do this in the future, cause this is amazing!
4:01 I OUT LOUD LAUGHED AT THIS OH MY GOD
Can we get her name Tommy
tommyinnit basicly owns the champagne song now
ahh the standard hamination animation style
i loved how there was a differnt animation for every story
Fake. Tommyinnit doesn't exist:) Proof? It's 2D.  (Jk)
But statistically your relationship is likely to fail
This was absolutely worth the wait!! Hilarious, loved it, so much talent, incredible
This some kind of h animation of animation
I would the boyfriend to accidentally flirt with another girl, idk why or how, but yeah
congratulations on 12m
THIS WAS LITERALLY SO GOOD OH MY GOSH!!!  The fact that it wasn’t number 1 on trending is ASTOUNDING! (unless it was and i didn’t see it lmao) Hats off to you tommy and all the artists! Storytelling was fabulous and the animation styles were so fun!
I loved that so much xD
HELLOOO!!
0:24 Taken ages to get a gf lol
I knew that haminations helped out because of the introduction
It was funny seeing all my favorite animators and the funny stories of Tommy being in a relationship! 😁
Imagine if George just called the police after they kissed
I loveee this vid and the animation changes by the style of the animator just so epic!!!!
Saturday is the worst way to go to Belfast and I know from experience as I live there lol
And she has stayed with you through all this!?  .........She's a keeper, don't let her go, and don't give her a reason to go.
thats the guy who sais " just killed a woman feeling good"
I saw the animation style in the first bit and immediately knew Bryson helped. Love this!
OMG
3:29 Im pretty sure this is actually how wilbur reacted to the news
Its only legal to date ur family in usa is sweet home alabama
This got me thinking. In the U.S. how many people dated their sibling?!
didnt expect jack
recognizing a bunch of the animators by their style alone was a treat!! love the collaborations in this!!
Cool animation styles I'm more surprised at the map showing northern ireland and Ireland as 2 separate places most people think its 1 thing.
When you watch too much animation channels you can tell who animated each part.
Remember guys if Tommy and Em's relationship last longer than 5 years and gets married and lives a happy life. We'll all become like Phil
nah, is ur gf real?
Ofcourse George had to see his husband.
The Girlfriend Code: "It's OK, I don't mind!"    🙂 ✔️ "It's OK. I don't mind..."  😑 ❎  Note the subtle difference & apply to all situations.
In America tommy, the New England part of america. It is legal to marry your cousin. and we do know about siblings dating it happens in the new england part of america.
Did you get haminination to draw you or something
The best animation created 🤌🏼
Best animated video xd
Wasn't sure if I wanted to watch this but decided to... didn't expect for a multiple artist/animation channel collab handing there part off to the next person. Lovd these stories and even more in Icecreamsandwhiches and crumbs art style.
1:45 Freddy was jelly💀
oh my gosh first off he called dream George’s husband that needs to be elaborated i near damn exploded  Secondly I nearly threw up twice from laughter tommy is a RIOT
We need more stories 😂
Jack: GYAjhsduyevhjdn3fdvbjwdvt3ygedywfegy3geu10or15whateveryou want.” Tommy: “ok :’D”
I didn't expect seeing Tommy being animated by ICSandwich and it's damn amazing
You have to post more of these please
So Much Animation From Different Youtuber Cool I Guess
I can tell this is made by  brody… tye first part
I am British
SADIST MY QUEEN ILYSM MORE THAN TOMMY 🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️
Support 🌷🌷🌷🌷🌷
Bro I can see Wilbur doing that😂
PLSSS THE INTERROGATION
Why did you let haminations animate the start
Bruh
The "That's what I like" tune at the end is at a whole nother level.
So I am not proud to say that, but when the artists appeared in the first half of the video, I didn't stop to read their names. Now, I know, I should have supported my fellas artists by, at least, reading their names. I didn't. And so that made this video a rollercoaster to me. Whenever a specific artstyle appeared I would go: wait, I know this, is this that person? It gave me more emotions than I asked for. Anyway, great video, Em is defenitely a survivor.
4:23 BRO THATS HOW YOU GET QUESTIONED LIKE MAD WTF ARE YOU DOING
Cannot wait for the tweets about Tommy referring to Belfast as Ireland
AHHHHH OMG SWOOSH AND HAMINATIONS🙏🙏
Yo it’s illegal to date your siblings in Australia to cus we exist
I knew all the people that animeted😂😂😂
Haminations
Honestly, I was surprised to see Haminations/Theodd1sout help animate this.
You forgot ice cream sandwich in the credits  🔫  Also I’ve never really seen crumb animate much other than like cats and it LOOKS SO GOOD
I love seeing everyone’s different animation styles
Tommy , please I’m begging you , come to Derry in Ireland please. It’s better then Belfast I promise
I like how the art style changes
why’d bryson give that one viewer such a strong right arm? 🤨
0:32 hah James thought he could fool us with those shades, but NOPE! Recognized him instantly! Of course, they’re all wearing shades but that’s not the point
About the art style, this looks like it was made by Haminations.
:0
😂😂😂
it makes me so mad he bashed ireland when he was litreally in northern ireland ( aka not ireland)
IDK whats funnier wilburs part, georges part or jacks part cause omg I'm in tears.
TOMMY U FORGOT VALENTINES OMG 💀
Oh dang dis good! But seriously, go subscribe to the animators! You heard me, go gO GO! >:D
dude all of the animators did so well
I bet SAD-ist had an amazing time animating Jacksepticeye.
Great animation
That's Belfast for ye :)
Using many animators with all their very different art styles to animate this is extremely creative congratz
poor waiter and George tho... :(
The first time I watched animation in the very beginning of the video I thought the animation style was it similar to several Youtubers and now I know why 0:30
Infamous Swoosh the 🐐🐐🐐
‘Flirting with another WOMAN, right in front of her’  Ahh balls..
Oh my god! Unexpected Jacksepticeye crossover!
Bro I love complexityross’s animating
THANK YOU VERY MUCH HAMIINATION FOR HELPING HIS VIDEO!
little tommy so cute lol <3
Pretty sure Belfast isn’t in Ireland. Northern Ireland is part of Britain, not the Irish Republic Mr.Innit
We got more than one Irish YouTuber
TOMMY WHAT THE FUCK THIS IS AMAZING. def my favourite video now!!
Northern Ireland is not Ireland so frock u ( gotta stay in YouTube guidelines)
Who animated the part where she meets his parents and Freddy? Looks a lot like ice cream sandwich
Tommy keeps paying animators to animate
Have your girlfriend meet Niki.
Nah they got lumpy touch in this too💀
My only question is did wilbur ask her about anteaters
Bruh fr the amount of animators... Wow
4:20 just got me on the floor 😂
Swooshes was the best
I searched fnaf songs in yt and the first thing to appear was this, what is wrong with yt algorithm?
the end is the jump in the Cadillac tune
Why do u draw like Bryson
The Geroge one had me crying 😂😂😂
She going to go super saiyan when she sees this video
Why’s @IceCreamSandwich missing from description D:
Belfast is not in ireland tommy it's in northern ireland
I can see where haminations was part of of it and where james and ice-cream sandwich helped
Sending prayers for Em XD
epic
2 months later:"I broke up with my girlfriend"
The animation is so sick
can we all say this looks like hamanitions?
I’m not suprised that haminations Theodd1out worked on this
OMG I LOVE ALL THE ANIMATION STYLES THAT ARE FEATURED IN THIS
DID THAT ANAMATED SUUUBUAY GUY EDIT THIS 👀👀
as soon as i started watching i knew the first bit was animated by haminations
Sean just popping in at the end genuinely caught me off guard and I don't think i've ever laughed harder at a tommyinnit video. (except maybe the tommy roast video)
So that's what all my favorite animators have been up to...
This was AMAZING!!! I honestly loved how unique and wonderful each animator did there part!!!
.
I…I promise we are cool..I think 😟
the way crumb animated wilbur's "hey uh Em" was incredibly funny, as well as sad-ist being recognizeable immediately
LMAO
HE HAS BRUNO MARS THATS WHAT I LIKE AS HIS OUTTRO?
I was thinking of how similar one of the animation styles looks like TheOdd1sOut's, but it's actually him animating, that's crazy
Why you do jacksptycye like that
I can tell that Haminations animated the Intro
yo yea
TOMMY MAN!! I AM A BIG FAN!!
Was the beginning animated by Hamination
SO we r not gonna talk about the handsome animators grup?
I really liked the animation it gave it a nice feel
the ✨chotic✨ energy be like
I love how lumpy touch is one pf the animators
i loved this so much this is so cool!!!
tommy has been to Ireland why wasnt i in belfast at the time fuckkkkk
The animations are so cool and I really enjoyed this video. I loved seeing the different art styles in each
5:54  MR. BEAST!
@IceCreamSandwich isnt in the description my guy--
HAMMINATION YOOOOOOOOOO AND SADIST!? OMG SO MANY PEOPLE I KNOW!?!?!?
I LUV IT SO MUCH!! Every animator did incredible! Props to SAD-ist for making it into an mcyt’s ACTUAL VIDEO!! 😄
Tommy I’m a YouTuber to and my friends make fun of you but I would love to do a collaboration with u and if u say yes I’ll force my sister to subscribe plz respond it would really make my day 🌮
this was so good dude
I cannot express the amount of joy I felt when I saw Crumb , IceCream's and Sadist's animations!! Everyone did such a great job! MORE ANIMATED TOMMY PLSSS💕
Theoddonesout
HOLY SH*T I DIDNT KNOW I NEEDED THIS AAAAAAAAAA
ICE CREAM SAMWITCH!?!!
Haminations?
Wowowowowowo
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS.
I love the fact that the animation style is changjng every minute
Wait a minute are you Bryson?
OMG SAD-IST
Hmm getting storm hamination vibes here
omg this is awesome love the vids keep up the good work
<3 <3 <3
“The most ambitious crossover in history.”
bro fell off
I only clicked on the video because I knew James was an animator in it, I kind of regret it.
This is genuinely the best Tommyinnit video
WHO GETS 5K COMMENTS                                                                         IN 1 DAY!!!
also tommy its ilegal to date your siblings in all states
I wonder what tommy would do to the people that are not subcbribed to his channel
Hamations
i used to watch some of these animators !! cool crossover :D
jacksepticeye voiceover ftw
I could make you a whole lot weirder experience if I had a gun. Legaly I cant
THIS FAKE YOUR NEVER GOING GET ONE TOMMY
I think the best representation of George in ANY animation ive seen is when Tommy's holding him and he is just trying to escape
Can we just take a moment to appreciate that the background music at the end is an instrumental 8-bit version of “Jump in the Cadillac.”
Omg animators
TOMMY IM SO HAPPY FOR U
I cant believe we got shinji chair tommy
It’s frowned upon in the US to date any of your relatives.
Funny.
If I was George in that situation I would just start singing "SWEET HOME ALABAMA!!!"
This video made me laugh so  Hard
Please guys believe in Jesus Christ. He truly loves you
the style of the animatiojn changes like 5 times see how it changes here 0:22
This looks like haminations animations
As soon as I saw the first frame I knew hamination helped animate
How do you look like that one tiktoker ?
HAMINATION?!
you didn't credit Ice Cream Sandwich in the description
Tommy is this your imagineery girlfriend or just a real life sister?
did hamination help with this
4:33  This made me laugh
I thought I recognized the style... It's animated by @Haminations!
Awesome animators! And awesome story again
I’ve recognised two of the animators the first one being hammations and the other one being theoddoneout
3:45 the way Tommy speaks "HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO"😭 and the reference at 3:53💀
u get girls dang  wow
AYo Tom, u forgot to tag icecreamsandwich in the description!
3:25 why does Wilbur look like JD from Heather's 😭
Tommy I promise you we don’t condone incest in America
damn the animators are so cool
Tommy is the kinda guy who sees a girlfriend story and asks "Is anyone gonna make fun of that ?" and didn't wait for an answer
As soon as i saw the animators i was fucking hyped (understandable if you’ve been following this people for ages… i think-)… tommyinnit + amazing animators = my favorite videos so far <3
It is crazy
I love the dancing Tommy clone😂😆😆😂😆😂😂😆😂❤️👍
LMFAO FREDDIE NO 💀💀
That outro was 'JUMP IN THE CADILLAC'! you know the 'cool jewelry shining spotlight' part
What do you mean that the Amercian viewers won't understand do Americans date their siblings!? You can't do that over here but I wouldn't know that much as I am Mexican. O_O
I have a picture of your feet
4:32 to be with his husband 😂
4:00 Uncalled for...
when I clicked on this I thought to myself: wait a fucking minute, this animation looks like haminations and then I looked at the animators and I was like "I KNEW IT"
I LOVE THIS
"Im fine," And then you get hit with the P.o.S. card. I will never understand women.
This was the funniest shit ever. The animation just adds so much more humor 😂
This was awesome. Funny stories, and it was really awesome being able to go, Hey! This part is animated by this person!
Let us just have a moment for *lumpytouch*  's animating and the PokEmon reference-       *OKAY ITS DONE*
No way odd1out and icecreamsandwich
i did not know this was something I needed but it is
please eventually make a part 2 if you can! this is hilarious
As someone from Belfast… this is accurate
was not expecting jacksepticeye and im chuckling
🎵Shot through the heart…. And your you blame…. You give love a bad name…. I play my part…..and you play your game….. you give love a bad name 🎵  -Tommy and Charlie 2020
BRO I THOUGHT THIS LOOKED LIKE HAMINATIONS(BRYSONS) ANIMATIONS
That description of Ireland is surprisingly accurate......
SADIST.
I expected everything in this animation but even jacksepticeye????????
12 year old Tommy fans are fuming from the mouth right now
My bf and I also look the same. We have Hispanic fathers and white mothers, both white passing and both with quite curly brown hair. Like we look VERY related. We both do theatre and we’re competing in a competition with a scene from little women where Laurie proposes to Jo. We were practicing and a teacher who was giving feedback asked if I could hide my curly curtain bangs because we looked VERY related. The night before our trip for the competition I straightened my hair… we try to not match because we look like fraternal twins who’s mother dressed us up.
some of my all time favorite animators in one video + one of my favorite ccs? fantastic
Yoo Bryson style!!
why is tommy publicizing his girlfriend so much
Props to the Animators 👏
its so fun trying to guess who animated each section, they all have very unique styles
This is one of the best animator collabs I've ever seen
I love jackseptic's voice over
My grandma is in ireland😂 but from the sound of it you went to the wrong part of it because the stores are open all the time where my grandma is ESPECIALLY CANDY STORES!!!
I only know ham and swoosh and odd and sadist of the animations
The odd1out
AYO TOMMY'S DOING THE CLASSIC CHARLIE BROWN????.
Atleast tommyinnt credited
huert  my lip  today
No
amazing
Jack scepticism carries.
Haha funny
THEY ARE SO GOOD! More TommyInnitAnimated PlEAAASSEEE
I THOUGHT YOU SAID SHE LOOKED LIKE RANBOO NOW YOU'RE SAYING SHE LOOKS LIKE YOU?? also dating someone that looks like yourself is such a tommy thing to do
This amazing!!!!!!!!
Hi tommy, if your seeing this please take a moment to read, I was just watching your video “a tribute to dream smp” and I just so wish I could have been a part of that, me being young and playing on bedrock edition, it inspired me ans made me think maybe it was possible to start a bedrock smp with my friends who also watched dream smp and watch your videos. But it also brings on thoughts like, is Minecraft’s time ending, is it to late, so what is your advice on it? Do you think I could do it? Thank you for making such amazing content you really inspired me, just like you talked about jschlatt inspiring you. It would be an honor to get a reply
NVM
I adore everything about this my neurodivergent brain IS GOING INSANE. The animators are so amazing AND its so funny and cute OMGHEHF
Ending music was perfect
😇
"Though my American may not understand, in England its illegal to date your siblings" that quote cracks me up
This is gonna end so badly
6:15 *Megalovania starts playing*
i love all of these animations!!
this was animated by haminations I'm guessing? (DID NOT LOOK IN DESC YET)
common northern Ireland L, you should have come to any other province
0:58 woman --> (👩) <-- (REAL NOT CLICKBAIT!!1)
he's just like me fr except i have no girlfren
SO FUNNY
I thought that tubbo was Tommy's husband/wife
Did he just shelf all my favorite animators into one video about himself
joemama
4:22 nahhh ☠️☠️☠️
The problem was you were in Northern Ireland. Ask anyone in Ireland (like myself) and we will respond “ah Northern Ireland is a load a shite”
Tommy: „…when she meet Georgenotfound!Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband.“ Had me wheezing 😂
I’m glad haminations got to do this
loved it king
The video should have just ended after one second 😂
You can tell the animators had a LOT OF FUN animating these lines  XD
i only just noticed how close tommy actually lives to me-
He knows how to speak in a way you'd understand, he chooses not to.
Tommy girlfriend if dream's sister
4:04 man in albama.....
TOMMY I PROMISE IRELAND REALLY ISNT THAT BAD PLEASE COME BACK (WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND SO I CAN GAWK OVER HOW PRETTY SHE IS PLEASSEEE) OH YEAH AND THE BURGER? DONT ASK FOR BURGERS HERE, PLEASE
Entirely her fault for the bike thing though.
As an American I can confirm we date our siblings💯
Hamination be like
That looks so good tommy and animators!
Congrats on 12 mil!
YOU HIT 12M!!!
i feel bad for tubbo's sofas spot
4:34 this part had me laughing so hard
i need MORE.
I laughed for the first time in 3 weeks when jacksepticeye did his irish talk
3:25 right wilbur *SILENCE*
this was epic i love these animations
I think he'll be single soon.... he even forgot a valentine present
Honestly I love this Collab and the stories 11/10
4:34 well damn he really is a dnf shipper
6:46 translation: Firsjchwilleightenojechodavenigijvrrfrtherefraudnowishnodfirterror58errod. Whateveryawantnow.  I feel like the auto generated captions actually managed to get it right: "That's just well, I don't know what you call it but I can get your burger there if not no you should go for 10 or 15 I don't know. Whatever you want now" Any Irish natives that can confirm which translation is correct? 😂
The fact nobody was talking about the effort and how amazing the animation was.
That's normal behavior for Wilbur
dude, this is so cool ✨ the animators did such an amazing job, very talented indeed also, the relationships of Tommy’s friends with Em is hilarious for some reason- 😂
How can a kid be so fuckin annoying
WHY AM I ALWAYS A FEW HOURS LATE!?!?!!
Didn't he marry Tubbo ?
Coolest
So, many people I recognized for this collab.
Funniest thing I saw this year
you got ice-cream sandwich AND THE ODD1OUT?! HE MADE A NETFLIX SHOW YOU KNOW!
George must have just like died then and there
I really like this animated format
I need more!!!!!
but im dying over the tubbo story i cant💀💀
I love how there are different animators with different styles of animating cuz it looks really cool
yay 21 hours ago
We need more of this!
The outro is jump in a cadillac backround noise o-o
Dude I freaking love this but like I swear the first one to get a girlfriend is tommy I would have expected it to be wilbur...still congrats also *clap*this is some funny shit right here.
I could tell that haminations was one of the animators instantly
I know five YouTubers in this video cool
I wonder how old she is? And you guys are a cute couple even if I didn’t know what your gf looks like but I believe she beautiful.
Really well made video!! All the animated segments are beautiful and entertaining, and the stories are just as funny. :D
Wait no! Come back to Belfast it’ll be better next time I swear!
Trying to guess the animator /:  0:00 Hamanimations  0:32 Infamousswoosh  1:21 Icecreamsandwich  I just realized it’s in the corner  2:30 lumpytorch  3:20 crumb  3:56 theodd1sout  4:29 completelyross  5:18 Adamx  5:54 checkers  6:36 sad-ist
It's so funny I still recognize all of the animators because their animations used to be my obsession years ago. It's like a very awkward family reunion.
Oh my god you got ICECREAMSANDWHICH to animate part of this? Love that.
That Jackcepticeye cameo at 6:45 was priceless
Artstyles I recognise: 1. Haminations 2. Swoosh 3. Ice Cream Sandwich  4. Pokémon? 5. No idea  6. Theodd1sout 7. No idea 8. The guy with the purple duck as his sidekick? Forgot his name 😭  Dunno the rest  (Idk for sure don’t sue me)
Don't go tik Scotland then it even worse on WOD know I'm Scottish🤣🤣every one hates everyone
The fact that each animator got a story and all their styles are so unique……… it’s Great!!
what if em is secretly queen elizabeth
Be meaner to irland
I'm pretty sure dating/marrying siblings or other relatives is illegal in America too.    Except maybe in alabama
irland isn't bad you were just in a bad place
From the first look I could see the Odd1sout’s hand in the video
3:22 so who is the better communicator?
Because I've watched all of these animators it makes it way better
Tommy ireland and northern ireland are very different
This animation style is from haminations
NOT THE JACKSEPTICEYE CAMEO LOL
ireland is great, im from it, uhh go to anywhere but belfast, its terrifying
its hard being a boyfriend, isn t it?
HAMINATIONS
3:53 EVANGELION REFERENCE???????
the "thank you Ireland very cool"  gave me deja vu rip king.
Omg I loved this it was so funny plz do more
dude the effort and shit is so good. Good job tommy and all the animators!
I COULD IMMEDIATELY TELL HAMINATIONS WAS ON THIS!!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY WUDISJJAGRGRGRGRGR
OMG IM SO HAPPY SADIST WAS HERE GO BIG S!
From what I could understand it’s that: Your friends will mess with you about your relationship.  You will mess with your friends about your relationship.  Don’t be so charismatic with other people when your significant other is infront of you.  Don’t go to Ireland on Saturdays.
Lmao the "That's what I like" outro tho
This video. Msked me the happiest human ALIVE. Seeing soooo many of my favorite animators visualizing my favorite mcyters!! Amazing!
Yep the coffe kinda get awkward
he looks like haminations
Lumpy touches part is so funny
W Wilbur
Tommy casually roasting America 😂
BRO I KNEW THE FIRST ANIMATION LOOKED FAMILIAR ! I LOVE @HAMINATIONS!
Yoooo haminations :D
Animators: how many of us do you want to Collab with. Tommy: Yes
This is my favorite video you’ve put out, it’s so freaking funny!!!!!! Glad you and your girlfriend are having lots of laughs together, even through the terrible Irish burgers and interrogations.
I guess tommyinnit's friend is jealous😁
I loved trying to figure out which animator animated each part lol
OMG. ICECREAM SANDWICH, HAMINATIONS AND ODDONESOUT
The fact that im subscribed to all of the animators tells me how good this video is going to be
this has to be one of my favorite tommy videos
before 1M gang 👇
"Thank you Ireland Very Cool" HAD ME BURSTING
in scotland its the same
she and Charles would be good friends I can taste it
I love all these different types of animation, it really adds to the video!
The greatest collab
I live in  belfast that is just the way it is in Belfast gray and Always ringing
Is this animated by Haminations?
I will go to the uk now
Hamilamtions
THE MUSIC AT THE END LMFAOAOOA
BRO.  I CAN SEE HAMINATIONS EVERYWHERE. I KNOW WHAT HIS ANIMATIONS LOOK LIKE
what ive gathered about tommy's woman -looks like tommy -blond hair -likes green -chill -woman
Everyone here talking about SAD-ist still making animatics, but nobody is gonna mention Lumpy Touch also being part of this?
that animation is smoother than Bruno Mars' "Jump in the cadillac" song
This was just genuinely one of the funniest videos I've seen. All of the small jokes and references just landed for me and I really enjoyed getting to see so many different art styles and variations of animation
Bro just got all the animators every and just formed them together into one video
Jack playing the Irish waiter guy was hilarious
Damn brilliant.
I love how u can tell What animater did what based on their art stile
I hope he is happy with her
You should come back to Ireland Tommy, I live in belfast and you’ll be most welcome at my house! I’ll give you something better to eat next time :)
I love this
Yeoooooooo Belfast best place ever
3:19 ok the moment I saw the animation... I already knew who made this part... It's crumb!! :D
im irish so im cool and make goofy burgers
I thought you were a sigma But I was wrong 😖😖
The animations ARE FREAKING SICK YO.
It says in the cameo that tubbo, george, and jacksepticeye was here. I hear george and jack, but where was tubbo? I didn’t hear him 🤨🤨🤨
Praise or lord an holy hairy potato Sean Mcloughlin
I went from watching the video to trying to count how many different animation styles there were or whenever it switched cause I just think it's cool how many animators were involved
Hamination's art style on Tommy looks good
Pls pls pls tommy can we have Emm face reveal
just by the starting i can tell that haminations animated the start
Day 22 of trying to make Tommy notice he isn't annoying.
Oops, 20 hours late, lol.
ah, come on Ireland aint that bad, visit the rest of the country not just stay in Belfast goto Mayo, Cork or even the Capital, Dubin.
How many animaters do you meet?(and do you like the animation?)
When Tom tries to flirt with girls he isn’t very good at it, but when he doesn’t, when he has a GIRLFRIEND, he has game! WHAT THE FU-
As someone who lives in Ireland, I can confirm that shops seem to ALWAYS BE CLOSED ON A FREAKING SATURDAY AND SUNDAY LIKE WTF-
this is by far the best video that I have seen in a while
this animation looks like hamination
“The only place in the United Kingdom where I need to bring a Passport”   Check under your car 😂
Eh, why didn't you go to a supermarket and buy food from there, are you capable of fending for yourself?
Poggers
This is how you catch my attention...🙂
I NEW AS SOON I LOOKED AT THIS VID I NEW HAMSON  WAS APART SOME HOW
1:55  'WORDS' thats cool
4:04 yeah same here in most of our states. Only states that I can name off the top of my head are Alabama Florida and Kansas
Me guessing the name her name Em-ma Em-ily Em-iliza Em-eliza Em-y
Tommy’s just like ne
its funny but i literally recognized sadits animation style. anyone else?
from the first 10 seconds i could see the haminations and infamous swoosh animation styles, i think i need to go touch grass
wow theodd1stout, and haminations and a lot more animation stories youtubers tommy collab :0 this video made my day!
As someone who lives in Northern Ireland this is extremely accurate.
sweet home alabama
the wilbur part 😭😭😭
once i watched the first few 2 seconds of the video, i knew haminations edited this
Thank goodness for em, everyone say thank you to em
AHH I JUMPED WHEN I SAW SAD-IST LOVED THE ENTIRE VIDEOS
This is just great. I have no words. It is funny, well animated & funny. I like it so much.
George needed to learn about American customs somehow so what's better than seeing what happens there?
Icecream sandwich!!!
I like how he just described Tommy and Dream as "husbands" 😭👌
4:33 LMAO TOMMY SHIPS DNF
I feel like the animation switches through style of different animation YouTubers…….  Edit: ( it’s obvious) 😅
Moar
Ya Belfast is shit u should come to Cork definitely.Tbh we actually have amazing burgers here😂
ВЛАЗАВДПХВА ЭТО ТАК МИЛОО
I love the different styles of animation
Yaaay finally
Wilbur interrogating Tommys girlfriend is actually brother like it’s so cute
When I saw SAD's animation style at the end I actually visibly lit up. All the animators did a great job and I loved the Sean cameo as well 😁😁
Glad you enjoyed the lovely belfast tommy 😭
Definitely one of my favorites so far
I love how you can see exactly which animator worked on which part as of their art style lol😂
When i fucking saw THIS ANIMATION LINE I SCREAMED BRYSONNNNNNNN
The animations are just ✨perfect ✨ Good job to everyone who worked on this 💖  Also, this is very funny, great stories 👌🏻🤣
LUMPY ANIMATED THIS NO WAY HAHAHAHA
Ngl I squeeled when I say crumb and sadist animations in this;-;
Good anamashoin
Congrats on 12M 😄
so funny😂
This animation style feels like Haminations
I love how Tommy acts as if he isn't just as wierd, if not more so, than his friends lmao
This looks like ham animations
why jacksepticeye is everywhere
Poor George, He thinks that you are in love with your ‘sister’. Emotional damage
Tommy made it six minutes in without swearing and I can’t tell if that’s a good thing or not lmao
I feel like I’ve seen that dancing Tommy before 🤔
😃👍
Ok we’re done babysitting finally now tommyinnits gf can babysit
When I saw the first frame I immediately thought of hamanimations
i wonder if he held the animators at gun point to animate for him
We need a part 2
Gogy left to see his husband, that got me in another way xD
Hamination got that rizz🥴
the different art styles are sooo cool! it brought me back to go and watch so many artists i used to watch and i dont regret it
4:04 THE SHADE
2:17 even if this statistic is true that's actually really good because about 15 relationships are people who have been in relationships before, and there are people who have been in like 20 which means they are making it so 19 people can find the perfect person the first time  But ya, I would have unfriended them that day
Crumb is the best animator
THE ANIMATIONS ARE SO GOOD OH MY GOD
I started laughing at the jacksepticeye bit
Man tommy really just traumatized george 💀
Ngl I love this so much! All of my favorite YouTubers! And the torture Tommy and his girlfriend had to go through I feel so bad but it was hilarious!
Hey does anyone know who animated this part? 4:38 i really like the art style
Brooo I immediately now all the animator because I love their drawing stylee
My boy icecream sandwich fr caried this (no frame of reference)
For the last story, I imagine jschlatt saying to TommyInnit after “The Irish never liked the British”
When will we see her??
Ah yes, the question you ask all your friends girlfriends. “HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO?!”
Your animation resembles Bryson hamination
I've how you can see who did each but from their signature drawing styles
Those animation are so good
do more animated videos please. This is good
This is such a amazing video
I can confirm that Belfast is a dilapidated, melancholy helldscape.
12 mil yay
5:05  George's mind be like: *sweet home alabama*
0:31  I found it funny that Bryson/ Haminations called himself sexy
A second in and I instantly realised it was hammations
Stop stealing animations you know how hard they work
I love how many animation styles are here I'm subscribed to like 50% of the animator's
Poor Tommy 🤣
karou mitoma
I LOVE THE ANIMATIONS SM
HAHA I LOVE THIS TOMMY
4:29
The way Tubbo just strom into the fraeking door.
I had a feeling haminations was involved in this just from the art style
LEES GO 12M
YO TOMM CONGRATS ON 12MIL BIG MAN
OH MY GOD THIS WAS A TREAT TO WATCH
The Waffle House has found its new host
Dude the moment it was Sadist's art style I went WILD.
XDDDDD
Amazing
This is art! so funny
Hay you shave binzo
The fact that this many animators are involved makes you know FOR SURE this will be true entertainment
Господи пхпхпхпхах не могу "к мужу "хпхпхпэпээа
The collabs in this singular video is insane...  All this left for Tommy and his gf is to meet me beast XD
I am a girl
I love the animations, It's nice recognising animator's style
ahahahahahaha to her husband Dream
oh tommy XD
Tubbo just becomes a mine craft
Waiting for the breakup vid titled “My girlfriend broke up with me!” * **Funniest video ever** *
I guess this is why hamination wasnt uploading
YASSSS THIS IS WHY I LOVE WILLLLLL
LMAOOO the jacksepticeye appearance at the end was perfect
JUMP IN THE CADILLAC
I’m not joking as soo. As I went on the vid I just knew that haminations was in this by the eyes
i know the aniimator is hamination
i loved it
hahah
The amount of animators in this video bruhhhhhhh, it's so entertaining lol, might have just became the best video from tommy
my favourite tommyinnit video, this is amazing fr
The fact that animators styles look good when they make tommy 😨(da power of Collab)
Tommy I'm gonna be real with you, you were on the wrong side of Ireland you're in the north of all places
Tommy you've missed ice-cream sandwich in your credits
tommy just got 12 milions :0
Related in many ways and have the same mind set, what a dangerous couple indeed
All the animators are so talented omg
Did Bryson animate this?
best video ever
Step bro...
Ummmmm why is this the same as @haminations style????? Did you copy or hire him 🤨🤨😡😡(edit NOW @odds1out YOU KIDDING ME MAN THE HELL)
4:34 he really had to put dream in the sunset
This is disgusting he cheated on Goggy😢😢
Don't worry the Irish think the exact same about the entire country of England ❤️❤️❤️
wilbur older brothering
I am in love with this, and its amazing to get such an amazing collab of animators
how about slath
The instant I saw Toon Tommy I knew Haminations was involved. :))
This is this 4th time i see this video and it's still cool.. Omg so good
WHAT. I WQTCHED THIS VIDEO FOR 3 TIMES BECAUSE NO WAY YOU ACTAULLY DID A COLAB WITH ALL THE ANIMATORS I WATCH AAAAAAAAAAAA😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
MOREEEEEEEE
Next video is gonna be "I break up" or "We break up"💀
You are really the worst guy on earth😂
More animation
i instanttly knew haminations animation style instantly
TOMMY
LMAO so funny
Belfast is in Northern Ireland 😊
This is funny and stressful at the same time 😂😂😂😂
3:49
You know Wilbur just refused to give an audio clip
Nothing about this video says neurotypical
I love how the style keeps on changing 🤣
tommy going to nothern ireland and using specifically jokes about the republic must be the most english thing he has ever done,
at least the Irish didn't gift him a car
I knew one of the animators was ha nations once I saw the creepy ness at the start-
Is this official? Tommy has a girlfriend? 'Cause if he does, I'm so happy for him
THE ANIMATION IS SO COOL
I am concerned for your girlfriend Tom
how did you get all of them to do it
3:00 it's stupid though, JUST SAY WHAT YOU MEAN PLS, SOME OF US (including me) ARE IDIOTS  3:11 Nah but fr you shouldn't get mad at someone/ call them a bad person (or bad boyfriend, in this case) for assuming you're fine when you say you are, that's toxic.
Hello tommy that shirt with red on the top i mabey have 16 of them🤣
I love that I can recognize each of the animators by their style and I love that so many of them worked on this:)  They deserve all the spotlight so please check the description:))
Icecreamsandwich is so cool
YES HAMINATION LETS GOOOOO
Tommy got a bird?
Where is the link of @Icecreamsandwich ?!
I was half expecting for tommy say "Tommyinnit is gay" in the beginning
Nah man no way bro
I was kinda sad before watching after I was happy good job tommy
Tommy, how many animators do you need?  Yes! Also, I don't understand what Sean said, but I loved it. Also also, I still think Tommy's girlfriend is a paid actor. Probably hired by Phil to keep Tommy distracted
good
Gotta admit you and em sound like a cool couple, especially with the pranks 🤭🤣
2:30 Me: *sees lumpytouch on the corner of the screen* Me: OH SHI-
Congratulations man you made it!  Step 2: ELECTRIC BOOGALOO
Wait, is it legal in America to date your siblings?!
Ay Bryson
THATS IRELAND FOR YOU TOMMY LOL
That jacksepticeye camio was priceless 😂
5:11 Georgenotfound left the UK.
Not gonna lie this was amazing ❤
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
mans forgot to tag icecream sandwich
So many animators for this just makes me laugh😂😂
Texting my ex right now
Shheeeesh 12Mil
I'm sorry belfast was so bad for you must have been a bad day. Its not usually like that.
This video is tooooo good!
Belfast is reall bad and cheap you should of wen to Derry or Dublin or a different city
a
Plz tell me how you get a girl bro tell me youre moves
Wilbur interrogating em is such an older brother thing to do👌 but tbh the funniest thing abt this video is probably just Tommy shopping dnf xd
When I saw cuptoast in the start of the video  I knew this was gonna be good
and ever since then, george will and never be the same
Hy tommy u dare you somthing reply if you want to also  Cool animation
different artstyles
This part made me laugh a lot 4:38 😂😂
lol let meet Em the entire dream smp members
ayyy crumb is in
Next time you need LaserQuaser to help animate. Love his work
AYO HAMINATIONS STYLE LETS GOOOOO
Eating Valentines chocolate and then I see my most favorite animators together in a tommyinnit video. This is the best day of my life. Valentine’s my favorite holiday now.
Hi
Congrats on 12 million tommy you deserve it! ❤😊
Bro we need MORE OF THIS CONTENT I NEED MORE!!!!
Jacksepticeye's cameo had me WHEEZING
This is sad =/
7:06 technoblade reference He says " thank you ireland very cool" Techno says " thank you hypixel very cool"
The transition of artstyles!!! I loved the icecreamsandwich one
Tommy is the best DNF shipper
I LOVE THIS SM
i love how Wilbur acts like a big brother that he asks his gf just to be sure she's great for Tommy HAHAHA
I love how Tommy flat-out refers to Dream as George's husband
I live in Ireland and I can actually agree  Belfast Sucks I was very unlucky when I was born-
never thought I'd see a nge reference in a tommyinnit video but hey          shinji innit
i can tell most of them like the first is Haminations and the second is Infamous swoosh
he is much more funny in Animations and stuff
I immediately saw the haminations style and was like COLLAB IS HAPPENING
what is that collab WHAT DID YOU DO
Come om subscribe to him
POOR GEORGE
this is adorable and hilarious
As an Irish human (yes we exist) I can confirm, although I don't live there, Belfast is depressing
I recognise a lot of the animators styles :) pretty cool video
WHY
Bro I never knew tommy was a good storyteller.bro pls make more animation like this.His storys are very funny.I wached it twice.pls make more animated storys like this
the way i watch so many of the animators omg
Cool animation
My fav animators are hamanation and icecreamsandwhich and The amaazing
MYTH BUSTED A MC PLAYER CAN ACTUALLY GET A GIRL
I’m really wondering how the animators are this talented
This is the greatest crossover in history
i love how i knew who animated the part the second it came on
We love appreciation for the artists🙏😍
this is the best video i ever watched
Why is nobody talking about Jack speaking with his Irish accent on 90% 🤣☠️
I heard the sound
the animations are amazing!! I love how Tommy never talks about George without talking about DNF XD
BRYSON?! CRUMB?! ODD1SOUT?!
I was so happy when I saw Sad-ist's animation style pop up at the end!!!! Awesome job to all the artists :)
its so great seeing that sadist is still making those good animations
Omfg the animation is amazing!! I haven't laughed and enjoyed watching smtg for like more than a week
SO GAY DIE
🤣
Animation makes Tommyinnit's Girlfriend Stories 1000% funnier?!
tommy has gotten subs since this video upload 14 hours ago
Is the Irish guy jacksepticeye
I love how the whole thing Changes between 12 different animation Styles
best and only tommyinnit video ever
I LOVE ANIMATIONS!!!
Go to Dublin instead
Bro got animation skills from Hamunations😊
For those of you who were surprised that Tommy has a girlfriend, don't worry not for long.........😂😂😂
I’ve watched this like 10 times already
You really did surround yourself by idiots
This was sooo good I love it :D m say really nice
This video probably took fucking forever because of the animation obviously but also the voice actors
After watching this vid I have a challenge for you TOM!!!!!!!! go to Ireland and run until you find an ice cream shop that is open run with your gf and when you find it tell her to buy you a ice cream of Mint !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you have been on your computer a lot mate get some fresh air !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! byeeee :)
Dude I can't believe Bryceson
Tbh u can tell which part which youtuber animated
<3
Look at 0:32 Its sigma
Hamination animations :)
The sheer horror I imagine in George enough to ghost Tommy is believable. Mans was completely convinced Em was Tommy's sister and was absolutely thrown off
As a person who lives in Northern Ireland I understand your pain
I thought tommy married Tubbo.
I never expected crumb to be a part of this!
Tom and Em are fr a "siblings or dating" thingy
Thanks, haminations
This was honestly so good
I love how as each section passed it flipped over into a new style of animation, it was so amazingly done and it really added to the comedy of the story’s.
The fact that he calla dream Georges husband Edit:Who th likes THIS if i just posted it
You forgot to tag @icecreamsandwich in the description
🔎
videos started and i saw that haminations existed in this project
I adore the fact that there's different types of animations and that tommy looks funny in each of them
Lol
I love tubbo being a little monkey
3:56 this part was definitely made by TheOdd1sOut
The amount of animators that r a part of this! great video :D
HOW THE HELL DID THE AUTO GENERATED CAPTIONS PERFECTLY CAPTURE WHAT JACK SAID
Bro the second Bryson, James, and Sadist cane on, I immediately knew that it was them.
I loved trying to figure out which artist did each bit
I LOVE THE ODD1SOUT💜 . I have his books, Watched all of his videos AND I have watched his netflix series
this was the greatest animated motion picture i have ever seen, great job guys
"Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband" 😭😂♥️
WHY IS JACK HERE😭😭 6:46
I knew the animators the second the video started lol
Tommy is the kind of guy to see Em and go “Is anyone gonna pretend to be her brother?” and not wait for an answer
I love how the Irish guy is jacksepticeye!! Brilliant!!
THAT WAS EPIC
George actually believed him. And thats hilarious
George really went to get more milk  💀
"before he went to Florida to meet his husband"
Lmao I knew Haminations had something to do with animation, took one looks and could see it was his style. And then immediately the Ice Cream Sandwich style omggg (sry I'm an animator fanboy lmao)
Okay this is Well put together But Jacksepticeye coming in As a waiter in Ireland is the most funniest thing I've ever seen
my guy did a story time animation without doing the animation himself. top tier would watch again
Odd thumbnail 🧍‍♀️(hahah get it I am so funny right pls)
you should come to China, It's much better, In Xi'an. very tasty food in Xi'an.
I know you people hopped out of your chairs and went full-on vibe mode when you saw TheOdd1sOut and SAD-ist's names. (This isn't meant to be disrespectful to the other animators, I'm just saying that these two have stood out because of their collaborations with Tommy)
So glad Tommy got us a girlfriend. Our girlfriend is so great.
i think you forgot to tag icecreamsandwich in the descriptions bigman :o!!
Gigachad cuptoast is exactly what i needed
I LOVE that Jacksepticeye got a part included when you started talking about Ireland
Earlyy!
0:08 no. i dont like where this is going. at all.                  im looking at you  I N T E R N E T
❤I love this entertainment
*SHOUT OUT TO ICE CREAM SANDWICH GUYS!!!!* ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨ :D
this is so cute ahhhh
Tommy have girlfriend no way how many tell story and who is girlfriend see person in maybe know friends you're have girlfriend know that different things tommy animated
Best animated video on youtube I’ve ever watched. Well done to the animators 🎉
watched your vid after a year cuzz liked it
CONGRATULATIONS TOMMY🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 I hope what u to have works out. tell anyone i said hi(: -kc or kc
The intro just looks like haminations
Since shouting about your problems is normal in the animated community I highly suggest you stay here XD
you should not become a animation youtuber or a commentary youtuber because of your voice
WWHAT CRUMB TOO????
I can imagine doing the same thing as Wilbur for my older brother.
Tommy getting a girlfriend for content is so expected of him not even a little surprised
Why does em look like dreams sister
This video just shows how Tommy is a bad boyfriend.
i knew haminations did some of this hol up theodd1sout what jack? what the fu-
i knew the odds1sout worked on this just by the thumbnail
THESE ANIMATIONS ARE SCARYING ME
pov, animators and tommy enjoyers and tommy unite to show tommy he is terrible at being a boyfriend right now
"and i cheated on her" ranboo comes on screen  me:ooooh of course
You forget to mention IceCreamSandwich in the discription
reminds me of @haminations animation style at the beginning
at 4:32, got me dead 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
More animations pls❤❤😂😂
Haminations
4:32 ah yes, husband
I did notice, that you hadn’t been complaining about having a bland love life, lately
And thus, a new storytime animation channel is born
WAIT WHAT TOMMY ACTUALLY GOT A WOMAN?! his life is finally complete
50% of relationships are doomed to fail. 100% of Tommy's relationships are doomed to fail.
More. We want MOREEEE.
I knew it was Haminations art style the first second I clicked on the video-
as a christian, funny as fuck. good video
I love how you can tell what animators did what part
This is what we all needed👌
Freddy needs to shut his mouth
While in Northern Ireland don’t go to Belfast it’s shit go to Portavogie or Magherafelt or portrush
idk how I recognized almost all of the animators and I geeked out so hard🗿
Now this is a good vid
you can sometimes tell what animators did what part.
George even recorded a voice for his scene. HAHA
This might’ve just been one of the best Tommy videos
When did incest become his sense of humor
NOOO IT ENDED SO SOON!!! I  WANT MORE!!!
Lmao love the jack cameo
"He beats me ,he is a good guy"
Honestly, Em must be pretty amazing if she has been able to put up with Tommy for this long lol
0:35 OMG The Lmamberg Pillow ❤️  😷
The animation is so good! I love that there are so many styles. Also it’s incredibly funny that out of all of the guest appearances you could’ve had in this video, the only one you went with was Irish barman Jacksepticeye lol
Jaden And Odds Is Here
Jadem And Odds Is Here
SWEET HOME ALABAMA
Epic ❤️ 3K
is no fun
Only OG Will Remember This His 1 Life 1 Word Is Epic This Made Me Cry 😢
Honestly I think his girlfriend is going to be the way how he finds who how questionable his friends are and tommy is just the heart of it all
This is a very pog video!
I really enjoyed watching everyone's animations. I would really love to see more like this!
omg all my favorite animators animating this is so wholesome
You get bitchs? Well goddamn, you know what’s good for you man
nice vod
I KNEW IT WAS HAMANATIONS
i like the mix of animating styel's  it's good
This man needs to be stoped, this beloved british man always took coloaborations to the next level.
The waiter was traumatized for life ngl
Heloo
I like the way he chages art styles.
I thought this was the oddonesout dude.
I love how I know most of these animators too,,
W Wilbur. Makes sure EM. Is a True garl for tommy
Wooo Tommy Finally got a Girlfriend I’ve been waiting for this
so what is her favorite shark? 🤨
4:34 THIS!! Omg he outed out dream😂😂
Woow.Thank you very much!
Part 2??
5 years later... TommyInnit FAMILY CHANNEL
I LOVED EVERY BIT OF THAT
I could recognize most of the animators
Haminations animation with tommyinnit COOL
0:32 I  was just thinking how this looked like haminations style a bit
Yoo there animation is so cool and my favorite animation is sad-ist
TommyInnit made it official, Georgenotfound and dream are together folks
Yo tommy do a Wither storm mod video is amazing!
i can tell haminations animated this
alot of diffrent animation styles
Yooo props to the animators this looks amazing!
I love that I recognize the animators by style
Bro hired hamination
12 mill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3:54 that shinji pose tho
I cannot believe the Tommy was able to get sadist, odd1sout, haminations, icecreamsandwich, crumb?!?!?!?!?!? LETS ALL PRAY THIS GETS SADIST TO MAKE ANOTHER DREAM SMP ANIMATION, MAYBE ORIGINS?
i like how jacksepticeye is talking so fast
5:26 cool kids club
i love how tommy's friends either don't give a damn, overreact, or start highly inappropriate conversations
YOOOO THE HAMINATION STYLE I USED TO WATCH HIM ALL THE TIME I RECOGNIZED IT IMMEDIATELY
Bro all of these animations bring back memory 😅
The start did like hameanat
i knew it as the vid started i knew hamination was an editor
5:08 that’s the real face George made then that moment was really priceless
I COULD WATCH THESE ALL NIGHT
I literally gasped out loud when I saw SAD-ist's art style :') That made me SO happy.  I didn't even realize how much I've missed seeing her work.
I need more animations.
IM SO ANNOYED I DIDNT KNOW TOMMYINNIT WAS IN MY COUNTRY 6:18
You literally took YouTubers animation ods1out and another person I don't remember
Probably the best video animated I'll ever see
*sees IceCreamSandwhich, TheOdds1Out, Sadist and Cuptoast* This is gonna be fun
Oh
WJAY THE FUCK ITS PRESIDENT OF PRESIDENT PRESIDENT HUN BROWN SAID PRESIDENT HUN HUN MET PRESIDENT HUN HUN AND
wilbur did a great job of being an older brother lol
I NO SOM O THOS ANAMATORS!!
Does she have a channel
This is So funny and I love how you also included jackseptieye on it
The way these stories are told, combined with the animation... oh my gosh I'm laughing so hard!
4:33 when he went to move with his husband
I bet jack makes good hamburgers
Sweet home Alabama do do do do do
Not me waiting out the entire video to see sadists animation (it was the last 💀)
lumpy touch did a great job and so u are tommy
This is a banger! I cant believe this many animators are in this! Tommy is awesome!
this is amazing, surprised how many content creators came together to make this O_o
SADISTT !!!
animators.. tommyinnit?!? BotH OF MY FAVORITE STUFF AT TEH SAME VIDEO??!??!? this has been pure entertainment and inNER PEACE!! EJNFGEIRSFJKEGFTUGJHGFWEOFUKJHFRTQEDF
congrats on 12m tom<3
i laughed so much at 0:46, tubbotrying to break an entry
Tommy has W Rizz for getting a bit  I wish I had one. I am forever alone 😫😫😫😫
i knew haminations worked on this
just want to let ya know that God loves you all, we have to turn from sin and repent before it’s too late, John 14:6 says “I’m the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the father except through me”🙏🏽🤍
I knew some animators were in here
I cant even animate a video thats one minute, this must have taken ages. Good job
hm
I genuinely love when jack makes a cameo when Ireland is brought up
4:34 husband it’s confirmed ❤😂
W Rizz with the cashier btw
Idk man, seeing this boy going from having a 20,000 subs to 12 mil makes me happy as one of his oldest fans
Crumb did great with the Wilbur beating you up part lmao
wow
This video is amazing and funny.
I could never lol 😂
Dude this was soo funny and amazing🤣🤣
we need a part 2
NGL THIS ANIMATION IS POGG
as an Irish person myself i can agree yes we do eat grass burgers
0:15 I get that sneaky butters reference
I love the art style changes and Jack ceptic eye at the end
WE NEED MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS!
HIS HUSBAND 💀💀💀
LMFAOOOO
<3
I got so excited when I saw @theodd1out on screen
This looks like a hamantions video
Bruh Ranboo's hair lol
Tom can you do another qna vid
I love all the different styles of animation and how it all was put together! So creative! Freaking loved it!!😆🫶
HAMINATIONSSSS
Oh, this was brilliant! And so… I’ll say it- HILARIOUS!
I'm not sure, maybe I'm just being dumb but that "thank you Ireland" at the end sounded a lot like "thank you hypixel" :(
6:36 The gasp of happiness I had seeing Sad-ist MCYTer related content again! ❤️ Seeing Tommy in her style just feels right. Also props to all the animators, it was so cool getting to see the art styles of the animators I recognized crossover with Tommy.
When Tommy said she actually joined in to prank Goggy I immediately knew, they’ve won the 50/50
It’s awful to date ur sibling
Tommy why
The animators have done a great job and really needs more appreciation !!! Gonna love the animated tommy series ! Well done
THATS NOT IRELAND that’s… Northern Ireland 💀 come to Dublin or Wexford or anywhere else and we can make burgers 😭 Tommy I promise Ireland is amazing 🥲
Imma be so sad if tommy's girlfriend breaks up with him
Tubbo was tryna break that door, damn
Lol I love how each story has like a different animation style that belongs to different animators
that was genuinely great to watch
That was so cool!!!
"He mocks me, he beats me up. He's a good guy." - Tommyinit quote of 2023
OK THIS IS FUNNY
when when did when did when huh?? when did jacksepticeye come into the mix??? HUHHH??
Jacksepticeye playing the Irish Pub owner - Perfect.
I immediately knew at the the beginning that Haminations was one of the animators
aah the days he was only 17
Oooooo Haminations animated some of this
It’s INSANE that he got all the best animators to make this video
Tommy I don’t think you have ever heard of Alabama
Haminations... woah!
HAMINATIONS YEEEEEAAAAAH!!!
THIS WAS SO FUN TO WAAATTTCHHH ♡
more
AYYYYYY MY BOY LUMPY TOUCH ANIMATED PART OF THIS LETS GO
Wow I would like to watch more stories
Made sure to subscribe every talented animator who knows how long this took
This video is so cool
He should just title this “why i hate Northern Ireland”
ICE CREAM SANDWICH????? THE REAL ONE???
2:46 that person made the cool garfield gore animation i think! (I THINK) eeekekejdkfk yayyaayy i love it
tommy is she living in the basement did you kidnap her
"to go be with his husband" DYINGKSSDF
Haminations animation style fits perfectly!
TOMMY HIT 12M!!!!!!!
THE WAY I WAS SO FUKIN SHOCKED WHEN I SAW THE HAMINATIONS ANIMATION HOLY JEEEESUS
E
Tommy really said before George moved in with he husband 👁️👄👁️
yes
I laughed so hard at 4:32 😭
video good
4:04  I just wanna say WE KNOW WERE NOT DUMB ITS CALLED INC3ST
4:04  I just wanna say WE KNOW WERE NOT DUMB ITS CALLED INC3ST
Hamination animation
ODD AND HANIMATIONS ARE IN HERE?
Omg jack talking like people in Ireland is just the best
3:40 Wilbur interviews his gf just to make sure he's a good fit. beautiful 🥹lol
Freaking Jacksepticeye is in this???
5:08 petition to make this Tommy’s new pfp on twitter 🙌
what about ice cream sandwich
If Technoblade saw this, he would have been very happy
Hello Odd1sOut Tommy.
Bruh
0:50 I can see Tubbo doing this in real life because of how pure his gremlin energy is. 3:50 Of course Wilbur would ask weird questions. 4:32-4:34 Are my favorite 2 seconds in animation. The animator didn't have to make Geoorge a feral child or Dream rising omniously out of the ocean, but they did.
The way we can see which animation was done by who
that was awesome :)
Love how you let/made Haminations animate him.
I have so many comments that I’m not gonna see them except amazing Calabb
the opening is sooooooo haminations
I bet the mouth was harder to animate than the real animation
I KNEW I REMEMBERED WHAT ANIMATION STYLE IT WAS THE INTRO ITS HAMINATIONS-
WHY DO I LOVE CUPTOAST’S ANIMATION AAHH
HAMINATIONS
As soon as I saw LumpyTouch I knew I had to watch this
That was SUCH a Wilbur move to make LMAO
英語分からなくても何となく分かって良い
at number 15 burger king foot lettuce
the thumbnail is from theodd1sout
It is illegal to date your sibling in America
SADIST
5:03 man im so single and bro just kisses em like its nothing 💀
Am I the only one who died of laughter over how casually Tommy said Dream is George's husband... Also, this video is absolutely incredible, animators we love you so much this is a work of art omg.   I also wanna say, Jacksepticeye is a frikn legend, it made me so happy to see him in this.
I thought this was a haminations video, no it wasn't, it was better
All the animations are from other Youtubers😅
You know its bad when he gets sadist and cuptoast
tommy... its not legal to date your sibling in america     unless you live in alabama
Tommy does the Shinji meme 3:53
This reminds me of haminations vids
YO I RECOGNIZE SO MANY OF THE ANIMATORS— So cool :,D
Lmaoooo
You do realize you only date your sisters in Alabama and Ohio
SO COOL!!
British people are so funny
It's Trending!?
Why are you useing hamanimations animation
i stayed up until 4:57 AM for this 3 MINUTES BEFORE 5 and fell asleep.
Tommy’s animated adventures yay😊
woohoo
That looks like ham or what’s his face.
Very happy he got Sad-ist to help on the animations, she is such a good animator low key could work at Disney or pixar
Hanamsons made this didn't he or the oddonesout
Aight Tommy. We need more of these 🎉🎉🎉
As a person who always surrounded by Couples. Not really tbh, Only the one that simps for each other does break up
Wow I’m very flattered that Tommy draw us with big arms.
Pov: burger guy watching this 😂😂😂
have I watches snatch too many times or was jacksepticeye hard to understand......................
Most of these are lies guys, Tommy has never touched a girl's hand ever.
Tommyinnit you have Karma
Great Video 👍
okay this is awesome- his humour and this medium just go hand in hand
What do you think we date our sisters in America or something tommy
Funny animation noice
Man the techno reference 7:06 made my heart crack. Fly high king ❤
LUMPY TOUCH IS HERE??!!?? LEGENDARY
Love your videos keep it up
It’s illegal to date your sister in America
GASP cuptoast?
Em I give u luck AND WELLCOME TO THE FAMILY
You say "massive shoutout", but where is the massive shoutout
Of course ya gotta get the grandest lad Sean as your Irish pub owner!
haminations need to be tommy's animator fr
lol the girlfriend joke is getting pretty in depth, good laugh tho
BROOO @IceCreamSandwich YOU DID SO DAMN WELLLWF JSBEF Helhkfg EBSVFsfbHsfv
6:41 Best scene ever I love Jacksep
Northern Ireland is as bad as Britain, who would have thought?
AYYY BRO GOT SAD-IST AGAIN
U CEN tell who did what animation
<3
Bro my excitement for this video is now horrified when I saw LumpyTouch
YAY
I can’t believe that he got Jacksepticeye to do a cameo for this video.
The fact that he has to clarify that it’s illegal to date your siblings is just 😮
PLEASE MORE I AM IN LOVE
TELL ME MORE......TOMMNY UR NOT FUCKING ME RIGHT
👍
This is the greatest notification I've ever gotten , I will use this as boyfriend advice whenever I am a boyfriend , thank you Tommy for this information , truly a lifesaver
I love da animation in 4:29 2 5:17
O Tommy me assusta
As soon as he said Irish owner, I knew Jacksepticeye who appear
Brooo I just loved how many of my favorite animators were involved in the making of this video:D it's just awesome <3
what the heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeell
I love how you can see the different animators  styles throughout the vid! Really well made
The odd one out and I’m famous swoosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ay wait a min at the start ge art style was strangely similar
*BEEN WAITIN FOR THIS ONE LMAO*
I was not expecting Jacksepticeye......  I'm not complaining tho
bruh
I think this is the one of the only videos Tommy didn’t actually cuss in- he said damn but that ain’t really a cuss
Was this haminations or infamous swoosh
Hilarious video, and the animators did great, well done everyone!
Holy fuck dude
IS NO ONE GONNA TALK ABOUT HOW TOMMY CALLED DREAM GREORGES HUSBAND?
Is that haminations?
👍
WOAHHHHH THIS VIDEO IS SO COOL !!!! Never imagined that so many animators were going to be involved in this this is amazing !!!
BRYSON ANIMATED THIS!?
This is so funny 🤣
This was honestly so fun to watch, I love how many artist came together to show us how much of a bad boyfriend tommy is
Damn there are so many animation types in the single video
I SAW SADIST'S ANIMATION STYLE!! AND IT'S COLOURED? 🙌
Haminations!!!!
AHHHHHHHH
So funny
The fact that he got so many animators just to animate these stories is just pure comedy
The fact that he got so many animators just to animate these stories is just pure comedy
Hamination❤
i cant stop laughing
How to be a good bf: RESPECT YA WOMAN LIKETHEIR A GODESS BECAUSE THEY ARE YA CHILD
I know what it is but why use it on your face
OK that's fricking sick all tho I would've put a differant animator for the intro
you know its haminations when people are threatened
Crumb animating for a Tommy video is so based
I literally died wheezing at sean and ballora looked at me and asked... What the scott??
The thumbnail made thought it was a TheOdd1sOut video.
Tommy kinda look like Hammantions (No Racial)
gay
this was awesome but especially because not only have we watched tommy grow but now he gets to show how the artists have grown with him. like, look at SADISTS amazing work!!! then I think about the very first dreamsmp animatic they did and his design in that and how it’s changed….man :,)
"Surrounded myself with *idiots*..." hoo boy this is gonna be a good one-
THIS IS #4 ON TRENDING!???!!!?!
I am eating Sad-ist's animation It's the only food I'll have for a while
*The fact that he got so many animators just to animate these stories is just pure comedy*
I hate to say it, and if any of my friends find out I commented this they'll make fun of me... but tommyinnit, is pretty funny.
jacksepticeye is the only irish person in the world. No one else exists from ireland
Damn, our child is no longer a child... Love ya Tom! One of my favourite YouTuber's since I first watched ya vids!
i fucking loved this video. great job to all the animators!!!! they truly added to the absurdity and chaos of the stories  2:42 3:18 3:56 4:44
6:45 best part imo *for no particular reason whatsoever*
Tommy’s the type to ask “is anyone talking about facepalming girlfriend stories going to animate that?” and not wait for an answer
WTF WHOEVER DID THAT PIXEL ARTSTYLE YOU DID AN AMAZING JOB.
Lmao, can’t wait for George to watch this and be like ‘wait wtf she wasn’t your,… dhsxjrjjjdffi’
it felt like yesterday he was just 16, single, and annoying, doesnt it? :’)
recognising every art style felt really cool, this is a top tier vid
Tommy seriously got the help of Haminations AND Theodd1sout. You really have made it to this point in your channel!
this is adorable
YOOOOO HAMINATIONS AND JAMES!
I recognize most of them.
OMG ICECREAM
Damn do it more often
George in his VA arc! What a stellar performance for his two lines!  The animations are fantastic, and the stories are hilarious. Fantastic work!
the video is cool no doubt. whats amazing is we get to see the animation style of each person who worked on it.
I have the Star Wars poster in the background
nah if he got chance than i got one
Instead of going to Belfast you should have gone to Kilkenny
YO IS THAT SADIST
Sigma
THAT WAS SO GOOD I LOVED SEEING ALL THE DIFFERENT ART AND ANIMATION STYLES!!!
Ngl tommy it just sounds like a skill issue
i almost forgot jacksepticeye is Irish HAHAHA but good job tommy on getting a girlfriend while im still single tho I can't wait to turn 16
Ice cweam samwich
Simp
I love the idea of tommy contacting jack to help out with his video and for jack to put in a bunch of time and effort to be ready to do whatever only to be told he would be spouting Irish nonsense for like 30 seconds and that’s it.
oop i was literally thinking "this is haminations i know it" and then i see haminations
I love this vid and the one who animated the intro is the best
Kabruh litty
bro is a ham amation person now
This video was AWESOME
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
This was awesome 😭
ayo the animations were 🔥
omigosh you got the guy who did the animation that had the jack diamond song covered by anna pantsu. also odd ones and sadist yooooooo
Techno in the background lol
Uhhhhhh, why does this look like-
That's my man bro finally got a girlfriend  and didn't still us
WOOOOO ICECREAMSANDWICH ANIMATION
Haminations
I love how the style of the animation changes after every story. :)
Tommy in Ireland people don't eat they drink until their stomachs field how do I know this I'm Irish 😅
Bro tommyinnit’s animation is cool
ANIMATED
I give it less then a year
I love everything about this! From Tubbo aggressively walking into Tommy's room to Wilbur interrogating her girlfriend to make sure he's just right for Tommy and finally to the two of them pranking George that they are siblings before he left Brighton is just wow!
Hi Tommy like my profile pic?
banger video
“AwWwW bAlLs”
THIS IS SUCH A BANGER!
THIS ONE OF MY NEW FAVOURITE TOMMYINNIT VIDEOS, ITS SO FUNNY
Lol
"yes... yes it is... v e r y  n i c e" most jack line ever
Congrats on 12 mill
I love the transitions between different animator’s parts and seeing it go from tommy convulsing in a void to a wholesome cuptoast Wilbur and tommy moment.
On Ireland behalf, sorry for the shit burger. But here in the republic, they’re way better 9/10 times.
I love Jack’s aggressive Irish accent-
this looks like something from haminations
Tommy's intro looks like Bryson video backgrounds and like the other YouTuber that is Bryson's friend it's cool that tommy got help from animators though
What the fu-
i knew it was Hamination's art style at the beginning you can just tell
I love how i recognize the majority of the animation including Brysons AKa Haminations. That introduction of paranoia with his girlfriend announcement  and how he got beat up is perfect
HIS HUSBAND?! *Laughing to the point of coughing* TOMMY- *wheeze*
HAMINATIONS!!!
BRO THE AMERICAN JOKE NAHHHHHH
YOU WERE IN BELFAST?? 😭😭
"to go be with his husband" 💀💀🤣🤣🤣
Bro turning into hamamations and the odd1outs
4:00 he was talking bout ohio
"You kill a women feeling good" man will kill her💀
Your stories are not stupid they are the best
why did you need to get so many people to animate this
THE ANIMATIONS ARE ALL SO AMAZING!!!!
George went to go to Florida to be with his husband lol 😂
Lollllllll, loved this
Bro I love this and ham animations style
4:34 "Just before moving to Florida to be with his husband"  :D- ok wow-
So I found out this tho bc called steal..test girlfriends so can I try it out on your girlfriend so I can steal her…I mean test yes test 😅
You went to Belfast, Tommy, that was your first mistake
omg the best animators animating my favorite concent creator esgbiuraogeh9iwbrhegdbvfgsiGUyeifhugd
"Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband-" GNF MOVED TO BE WITH WHO-?
Y
Sad-ist is also a part of these.. Omggg 💗
This video kept me smiling and laughing from start to finish
As an older brother,  wilber is a top notch brother
no way tommy actually pulled some
Guess which animator animated which part!!!
The new Bryson
I LOVE EVERY ANIMATOR-
@hanimations?
YOU HIT 12M YIPPIE!!!!!
CONGRATS ON 12 MILLION SUBS     Edit: Fred taking 1 hour talking about break ups is a master piece
SO THIS IS WHY HAMINATIONS HASN'T POSTED XD
I immediately saw the haminations animated style and knew it would be a good video
ice cream sandvich go brrrrrr
Did you ask haminations to animate it for you?.....🤦🏼
I saw lumpytouch in the group of animators and my only response was “oh no…”
Need more tommyanimated
the animation is great, and i even recognized a few also his relationship with em is going amazing, hopefully it keeps going for life
I LOVE IT
I can tell sadist animated the last part
That guys mind must be thinking sweet home Alabama 4:10
I DIDN'T EVEN LOOK AT THE LIST OF ANIMATORS AND I NOTICED SADIST'S ART STYLE! SADIST WORKED ON THIS!? I'M SO HAPPY FOR HER!
the fact every famous animator that we know of is here. making history on tommys channel
u forgot to tag ice cream sandwich 😭😭
its still hard to believe tommy has a girlfriend it just doesnt feel possible 😭
How has she not broken up with u yet lol 🤔🤔🤔
12M!!!:D
I hope he was just joking and knows that it _is_ illegal in the US to date your sibling just like nearly everywhere else.
I noticed ice cream sandwich missing from the description?
My pfp explains it all
That is most definitely a Wilbur thing to do
You can clearly see when it switches to James’s part lmao
Sweet home alabama
This is the best thing I've ever seen in my life. Everyone did SO AMAZING!!  I seriously couldn't stop laughing, please do more like this! 🤩🤩✨✨😭😭🙏🙏💕💕🌟🌟💞💞🌸🌸.
f
UwU
Tommy aren't you at all concerned  that your girlfriend may dislike you sharing these stories with us
ok the animations are EPIC, but can we talk about the fact SADistfied MADE IT!!! like i saw the ending animation and i was like "wait a sec is that- NO WAY *checks description* HELL YEA GO SADIST AHHHH"
Is it bad I understood everything Seàn said at the end
so cute and so funny❤
4:34 No 1 gonna talk about this
Love the jacksepticeye inclusion
WAIT…. At the end, was that BRUNO MARS  7:13
Qh bryson
4:00 bro "the Americans watching won't understand" 💀💀💀
Thank god u  used jack septicye for the irish waiter MAde it 100000000% BETTER!!!!!
✌✌✌✌✌✌✌✌
ICE CREAM SAND WITCH WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
woah why... and lol
Very cute and good 10/10 cool seeing all the different animator’s styles here
YOOO, THE CHILD GOT A GIRLFRIENDDD
I love the different animation styles
OMG FINALLY NEW VID
I swear not all Ireland is like tha 😭
I THOUGHT THE THUMBNAIL WAS DREAMS SISTER OMG STOP
I love reading these comments
This is very entertaining and very fun to watch
There are many animators AMAZING I love it
U should make more stuff like this Tommy its very entertaining
LOVED THE ANIMATION STYLE DIFFERENCES AND RECOGNIZING THE INDIVIDUALITY OF THE ANIMATORS!!!! This was really well done frfr
6:46
As a fan of most of the animaters that animated this, it is cool that it keeps a constant look but you can tell who animated the segment by the animation style.
FINALLY
6:20 because you went to Northern Ireland u should have gone anywhere else
4:35 husband.. YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
“Thank you Ireland, very cool.” “Thank you Hypixel, very cool.”  That reference at the end really warmed my heart.
I wonder if tommyinnit is basically just pewdiepie having a girlfriend again till they get married in the future
toms i think you forgot to mention ice cream sandwich
Why does this art design feel familiar? DID YOU A-
That video is the best thing I could have Imagined.
hmmm totally doesn't look familiar to"Haminations"
how technoblade watched this video
3:55 I LOVE the Odd1sOut animation!
You make Belfast sound like a dark souls location.
Beautiful
This drawing looks AMAZING!! I wish I had art talent like you!
mid
jackcepticeye going full irish
In the first minute I knew haminations was in it
I am sorry Tommy but I think you choose the wrong career haha  for me this is one of my favorite videos of yours. Your jokes and awkward moments paired with super nice animations which bring your humor across even more is just an fantastic idea and video!  Sadly animations are hard to make but I would really enjoy seeing more of it! Even the different styles were so cool! I loved it
CLICK BATE
Bro it feels weird not hearing the animators voices in their style lol
BRO I DIDN"T KNOW YK  HAMI NATIONS, THE ODD1sOUT,AND INFAMOUSSWOOSH
Plot twist em is dreams sister
This entire video was wholesome but the Wilbur animation was my favorite
SYDJGFYDTFR THIS WAS AMAZING
4:01 best part in the entire video
Tommy knows what he's doing having James do the thumbnail, when it comes to YouTube animator he's got the most reputation
WOW :D!!! So cool! Everyone did a fantastic job animating this ^v^ - I just about fell over laughing when Jack leaned in menacingly XD
Early
Almost All The Legendary Animators Are Here!
Lmao
LEAVE MY IRISH HERITAGE ALONE 😂
As soon as I saw the video I thought: Bryson?
Jacksepticeye always takes that extra step you’re never prepared for and it cracks me up every time!
I never knew Tommy went to belfast,I live in belfast and belfast is a fairly small place I probably walked passed him and never recognised him,I’m gutted lol
i can recognise most the artstyles :D
*baah*
This guy had reached 12m subs,3m more.
sick watching all the animators styles throughout the video and loved jacksepticeyes part
This is way I love Wilbur bro, he really just busted out “HOW MANY DRUG DO YOU DO!?”  ALSO WHY THE DNF JOKE 😭
Man stole Bryson’s animation 😂
This is awesome
"To go be with his husband." 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I haven't watched a SAD-ist animation in months but immediately recognized her piece completely on accident! All this animators are so talented, good job!
I love how wilbur is like tommy's older brother and always looking out for him
Lemons
Jacky boi :)
6:25 caveman
Ive recognized every animator in this video. Is that bad?? 😭😭😭
Never thought I would see jacksepticeye in sad-ist’s style of art.
5:47
The part about Belfast is true (fun fact I seen him like 6 times wearing a red hoodie and didn’t even notice..)
Some Stuff 0:00 Haminations 0:33 Swoosh 1:25 Ice Cream Sandwich
Umm only alabama is that f*ed up
This whole thing was amazing to watch
2:40 :D
Birdy
this was like the COOLEST thing ever made all the best animators plus Tommy in one video it’s just the best!
:))))
ANIMATED! :DDD
:D
2:58 that’s British language for you
yo
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Bro, literally first scene I instantly knew haminations was one of the animators
Love how Wilbur went full brother more interigating her 😭😭
As an animator. This video is very inspiring I could never imagine animating for Tom ahaha
"those of you in america might not know this but in the ukits illegal to date your siblings" it is here as far as im aware the only state that tolerates it is alabama where people will date their cousins but where i live we dont do that you will serve at least a year in jail also i dont mind means "i want to stop right now but im trying to be nice" and im hungry but i dont know where i want to eat usually means name places you know or think they like and see if they like anything. if you say something like "im the best" or "arent i the coolest of the group" is considered flirting to some people
HAMINATIONS!!
New thing to ask my friends significant others: whats your favourite shark? whats your favourite continent? HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO??
I think Em is Morosexual (Someone who is attracted to Morons)
oh no way bruv tommyinnit is now a storytime animation channel 😟😁
they gaslighted gogy, and then instantly threw that fact out the window, making gogy confused
I love how I can just tell who animated each part since I watch them all
The Irish pub owner-
all the animating styles in this video were neato, looks like i've got new animators to check out :0
Damn So these “women” do actually exist Pretty cool
i was not expecting jacksepticeye to make an appearance but im living for it
This is so sick. I LOVE these animations- crumb animating the Wilbur part made me so happy :)
this is my favorite video ever
OMG Swoosh to
I'm starting to like Tommy more and more, I just joined this channel btw
bro all my favourite animators including ice cream sandwhich! and even cuptoast and sad-ist
*northern Ireland
Fun!
Tommy can't take a hint
This was so beautiful to see some of my childhood YouTubers do a colaboracion with big tom, it brings a tear to my eye.
this is the thing that eveyrone didn;t know they needed
Belfast is a pretty bad place you woukd be better going to a town instead of a city
…
THE AMERICAN THING WAS A VIOLATION 💀🤚
New haminations
When they put all your fav animators in one video: "OK OK ITS GONNA BE OKAY JUST DON'T OBSESS OVER ONE Breath in an out... OMG IS THAT HAMINATIONS ART?!?!?"  *starts choking agressively* "Odd1sOUt I lOVe YOur SHOW *COughh*"
Wilbur is that one friend who moans when you're on a call with someone or will embarrass you infront of anyone at all cost
At the start I instantly knew by the art style that HANIMATION is here
i love seeing all the different types of animation
i feel like icecreamsandwich was in there
That's very funny
I knew James was involved I love his animations 😂
tommy makes extremely awkward relationship stories 1000% funnier
YO INSANE
At 3:38 tommy's girlfriend be like * nervous*
OMG HAMINATIONS ANIMATED U
IM SO SORRY YOU HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE IN MY COUNTRY I WILL SUE THE PUB
Giggling like a witch the whole time, I love you Tommy
Tommy should make a TommyInnitAnimated channel and make animated stories as a side channel like Odds1Out & Swoozie
I see Haminations animation style, I don't click off
haminations
Just some parts
EPIC GAMER ANIMATION 😱
I ARRIVE ON TIME
this is epic. just epic.
I was lieterally- NOT EXPECTING JACK LMAO 6:46
This is INCREDIBLE. If you ever want to do a part two, I would love that (and I'm sure I wouldn't be the only one)
Didn't mean nosy Typo
Tommy be like
Hey this is close to hmm lemme see the Odd1sout and the 21! Year old nosy Bryson (forgot his name)
I just noticed that when it’s animated differently in the bottom right corner it say the animator that helped
The Fact Tommy Trick George was hilarious
alabama
Absolutely hilarious as you say! I think that it so cool that you collaborated with so many animators! Keep doing you, we love every second of it!
Tommy is the representative of typical boyfriend that dont understand woman
yeaaaaaa tommy and also congrats on 12 million !
Oh god
you went to northern ireland mate not ireland as ireland isn’t apart of the uk
Congrats on 12mil 🎉🎉
Holy Shit too much fucking animators wtf
I loved that Jack is in this
Wait aren’t you married to tubbo still
Sad-ist congrats you got in the animation with the YouTuber you like
this collab animations looks very unique, i like it!
4:02 NAHHH HE DID US DIRTY
"To go be with his husband"
yay!
Irelands great, just don’t go to Belfast
“And every time the waiter is just like…  *Dying Breaths*  *_HUUUUUUUU-_* “
fun fact northern ireland and ireland are diffrent and hate each other i know this cause i live in northern ireland you said just ireland when belfast is in northern ireland
the jacksepticeye jumpscare got me
Sounds like Tommy is kinda a narcissist
Tommy's so much more bearable animated
I'm so jealous of this because I want a relationship like that
12 million subscribers for you
OMG the fact tommy pulls bitches now
I FUCKING KNEW HAMINATIONS WAS INVOLVED
6:46 JACK-A-BOI
Oh this was very nice :D I love the animations and em seems cool
Hi there billionaire boi?
How is she still dating you
The sister thing was sooooo funny. It is also illegal in some parts of the U.S
Nice vid
Tommy, I'm afraid that since you mentioned Ireland, our people will now be summoned to insult you and complain about your representation of our country. I'm sorry, that's just how it works
"I accidentally cheated on her... well not really"  Also tommy 3 videos before   "YO GUYS WASSUP TODAY I MARRIED TUBBO"
JACKSEPTICEYE!!!!!!!!!!!
tommy keep animating love it
You're welcome Tommy. Ireland enjoyed your stay.
The fact he had to clarify that the U.K has a law against the "relationship" of families before the kids from Alabama come
yeah after i watched this i'm not to sure im gonna be a good boyfriend.
Nice
starving in ireland sounds like the authentic experience
"just before going to florida to be with his husband" tommy is the second biggest dnf shipper (after sapnap)
I love haminaions part in this
The animation is so great and love ur video❤
Tbh I only thought it was haminations
jack was the best cameo i've ever heard
This was honestly a great video, I adored all the art styles!
Bro all the animations did a great job!
4:33 TOMMY KNOWS AND SHIPS THEM
No way! He really called Dream George’s husband😭😭😭
The way i could the animator because of their animation styles,GREAT VIDEO TOMMY!!!(haminations ❤️❤️)
Oh my gosh  What’s your favorite shark is one of my favorite questions to ask new people
Subscribe to get tommy to 15 mill
Is it weird that my favorite out of this was the cup toast animation😭
Loved this kind of content! And I want M O R E
Comg haminations at first
You fool you went to northern Ireland big mistake I would know I live there
One of my favorite videos besides the Marvel, Portal gun and Black hole video
I loved the video and im sorry to say this but you're not gonna speak to George again after that
The fact is
LOVED THIS VIDEO
Tommyinnit: I AM ANIMATED! Also Tommyinnit: I am an A-Nee-May-Tion.
It's great to see IceCreamSandwich also have a part in this animation! I was rather surprised knowing he has a part on this
As a blonde also dating a blonde. I felt this. My and my gf are called sisters alllll the time
EVERYONE LIKE
Very cool.
Is Tommy the first person to try a rotten Crabby patty.
just a tip if a girl says something take it the whole opposite way
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I NEED MORE TOMMY BOI. XD
Hahaha I love this
Mid
The seventh animation reminded me of a cartoon from Nickelodeon the fairly oddparents I just remember my childhood wow❤❤❤👍👍👍
UR JOKING ME UR TELLING ME HE WEMT TO BELFAST IN MY IN MY AREA OMF
Wow…. THIS WAS WONDERFUL but tommy dancing in the beginning took me off guard lol.  It was really amazing on how many animators took place in this. Truly amazing.
belfast bad, anywhere outside belfast good
The Jacksepticeye cameo makes this 10 thousand times more amazing
you and olive are so cute <3
2:58 yeah, that's always a fun lesson
7:02  haha
Omg Crumb’s part is so cute!
Just remember u went to the North of Ireland the food is a lot better down south  trust me
Is funny that i can recognise a lot of these at styles of the animation/ animators
correction, you went to northern ireland, we do not associate ireland with northern ireland, to us, it is england.
This is one of my favorite tommyinnit storytimes, felt like og tommy xD
POV u are from belfast 😭😭😭
What do you mean you cant date your siblings in Britain!????
Omg the animators all did so well!!
Storytime Tommy exists now. I’m terrified.
Cool
Odd1sout is 🐐 animator - so hyped for second season of netflix show
i promise, its just belfast, everywhere else in ireland isnt half bad. i swear....
I know the animation styles from the YouTubers
Bruh not the Belfast slander lmao
The first animation style hamminations
HAMMINATIONS
Em is probably the most understanding girlfriend a guy could have.
It’s so interesting to see each animators unique artstyle in one video
Loved it tommy
Tommy, your description of Belfast was so far the most accurate ive ever heard, its fuckin shite over here lmao
Cool
my favorite part of this is that tommy acidentally flirted with someone
Bro Freddy's face when he got chocked by Tommy
face reavel so i can ___
I cannot believe that TommyInnit would slander Northern Ireland like this. it’s true, but I still cannot believe this
AYE MANN HE GOT A GFFF🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
AHH IM SO HAPPY FO TOMMY
omg tommy come to my house next in Ireland its way better in Dublin
The fact I know most of the animators made me genuinely happy Also then George story made me weez so hard my chest hurts
Don’t know how I watched 5 times and about to become 6
Kill Freddie
all the animators did an amazing job!!
I see the different art styles right away I especially noticed cuptoast's
i love how an animator drew a part in the video so cool
Congratulations on 12 million 😁😁
live laugh wilbur
thank you ireland, very cool
wut
a way tommy just casually said dream is george's husband and continued on like it was nothing 💀
Tommy, sorry about Belfast it's not our strong point but it's got a great personality..!
He needs to tell us more about his girlfriend😂
Girl names that starts with m (just incase if you wanna guess) Mathilda Marissa Mary Mia Madison Madelyn Maya Moya Mckenzie Melanie Melody Maria Marilyn "Mommy?" Marian Myla Myra Macy Monica Maisie Mira Mirabel Mirriam / miriam Madalyn Martha Malani Mackenzie (again cuz..) Macie Matilda (again cuz why not maybe close) Meadow Monroe "Moron?" Mikaela Mica  (Look ok if tommy hearts this comment means one of the names here are his girlfriends name or close to his girlfriends name)
The fact that i reconise the animation at the start to be bryson/Haminations lmao  Like who else makes animated Tommy scare the shiz out of poeple
where us ice cream sandwich in the description?
I 100% believe that wilbur asked Em what her favorite continent was 🤣🤣🤣
Congrats for 12m woo hoo
i love thi different art style 👍 stimulated my brain fantastically
I love how Tommy’s friends either ignore Em, say that the relationship might flop, full on interrogates Em or is convinced that Em and Tommy are siblings. Truly makes for a very funny video lol.
He managed to find one person less athletic than him
L Bf fr
I love how at 4:34 is tommy just casually being the biggest dnfer
The animators did such a good job animating this! These were all really funny stories! I was laughing so hard.
Tommy the biggest DNFer
How much money you paid for that?
Tommyinnit didn't swear? A true miracle lol
Belfast is in northern Ireland not Ireland, they are different countries
😂😂😂😂😂😂. I do not regret subscribing to this challenge. Tommyinit does not disappoint
4:33 DAMN HE REALLY DID GOGS LIKE THAT-
WONDERFUL ANIMATIONS GOOD JOB TOO EVERYONE THAT ANIMATED!!!!❤️❤️❤️
Thank you Ireland, very cool. Nice to see you're still using Techno's quotes.
As I live in Ireland, I can confirm your Ireland trip is just a regular day to us 🙂
HIHI HAMILTON I CAN TELL ITS HIS ART STYLE
That's what happens when go to northern Ireland
I KNOW THAT ANIMATION STYLE ANYWHERE YES HAMINATIONS
Animated "Thomas Isn't It" will hunt me down in house and attack me
oh god Tommy has become wholesome this is the day the world ends /j jokes aside great video king! congrats on not being lonely on valentines day
This truly is a great day for the tommyinnit community
More
SADIST
I love how I immediately realized Byson's animation the second tommy started getting violent
U WENT TO BELFAST U SHOULD OF SAID
Animation story?
NO WAY LUMPY ANIMATED THIS TOO!?
Hmmm i feel like this violence in the intro comes from haminations..
jack at the end😭
This feels so similar like hamination
Loved the video but Tommy  Belfast is in Northern Ireland :)
You should do more videos with your girlfriend.
Hey toms i think you forgot ice cream
Hello Tommy!!!
Tommyinnit is now an animated channel, accept it
You should have went to Kilkenny in Ireland🙄
Make more animation videos They are funny
WOAH- ANIMATED TOMMY!
Wait the guy who made that burbur is  JACKSEPTI something
skinny innit
I live in Ireland im assuming it was raining
“ Just before moving to Florida to go meet with his *husband* “
Such a tommyinnit thumbnail
fr thought this was a haminations video
Does she have eye problems is she blind i just cant belive out of everyone out of the gang tommy gets a girl
best video
"50% percent of relationships end in breakups"  You're right Tommy, this isn't true. It's definitely way more than 50%.
All of these animators did such a good job and I really want to see more animated segments in your everyday videos too!!
once I saw the first second of this video I just yelled "BRYSON"
Learning that Wilbur immediately went protective older brother the moment he met Tommy's girlfriend makes me so much happier than it probably should XD
Oh my god hes literally bryson from haminations at the first part
4:30 George says goodbye to Tommy before going to florida to his husband
Why is nobody talk8ng about Jacksepticeye as the Irish pub guy 🤡
No one in America dates their siblings except in Alabama
YESSSS I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO SINCE YOU ANNOUNCED AN ANIMATED VIDEO!!!
Poor emm
comedic storytelling while and showcasing the animators' styles, nice video
I LOVE ALL THE ANIMATERS THAT MADE THIS VIDEO
❤
i really want to see more Wilbur and Em content tbh
Its like 3 minutes aaaaaaahhh!!!!
shouldn't have gone to northen ireland
3:41 big brother energy‼️😭
Bro got the holy trinity of animators doing this for him
lol
ICE CREAM SANDWICH? FUCK YEAH
the different styles of every animator are so cool!!!
I’m so glad that all these animators are in this! Make my day! Didn’t see sad-ist’s animations coming haha but for real this is just- incredible
This was awesome! I would love to see Tommy do another collab with animators
i noticed the art style from each of the youtubers that helped with it! i watch all of them, but haminations is my favourite!
Irish accent was hilarious
bro i love icecreamsandwich's artstyle 👊👊
OMG AMAZING!!!
YOOOO!! Downright missed the storytelling in this channel. No it's back and ANIMATED!? Props to everyone who helped in this 👍💖
i get it, alabama
Good jokes towards the Americans, but fuck you I’m American 😂. All jokes
I DESPERATELY need more of this
Cool animation
Just Wilbur, integrating Tommy's girlfriend like he does to Tommy. Great job!
Mmm. Yes. Belfast is very grey. It’s so depressing OML and I live an hour away 😔
this was SICK
no offence, but this was the first video of yours to make me laugh.
Will asking the most random questions in a seriously interrogative manner is incredibly hilarious ...yet, I feel so sorry for Em...
TJIS IS SO COOL!!!!!!
BRO, i stopped watching bc of your jokes but this content is so much better. BE A ANIMATION CHANNEL PLZ
yeah belfast has that affect on everyone 6:37
Rewatching this a year and a half later, and its just as funny. Good, fluid animation too.
Bro we love Freddie edit|| Dude I love these stories I watched this during Phliza's stream 😂😂
omg he got 12 mil
oooh i love this soo much!
it's kind of funny how the animation style changed every 30 seconds.
SJSJSJSH I LAUGHED SO HARD
this was SO funny and such a cool video!!!!
This is brody or odd1ns
Wow, it’s so nice that you managed to find a girlfriend, Tommy! (I am trying to blow you up with my mind)
your personality combined with amazing animations is so funny
THIS IS SO COOL ALSO GLAD YOU AND EM FOUND EACH-OTHER AND I WISH THE BEST FOR YOU GUYS! ALSO THE FACT YOU KISSED IN FRONT OF GEORGE AFTER SAYING SHE WAS YOUR SISTER IS HILARIOUS! 😂
TOMMY WAS IN BELFAST THATS SO CLOSE TO ME
Lol my cousin saw u in Belfast
i am soo confused but i hope you and her have a long happy relation ship tommy dont worry i feel like most friends that are gamers would react like that mine would good luck and im happy for you <=)
I first thought this was a hamination video because if the art style and hair. But then I saw it was him who animated the start.
did ODD1SOUT animate this XD
i knew from the very start of the video that it was haminations
The jack cameo is incredible
I just think Freddie was jealous, and that’s why he brought up break ups
WHAT IS THIS OMG STORIES!? ANIMATED STORIES!? WITH GODLY ANIMATORS!?!?!?!  now I can rest in peace🙂
did you use haminations for your animation
Am I the only person who notice he called George dreams wife
I love how so much different people animated this
damn england hates alabama
Sorry tommy for the bad experiences
THIS WAS SICK OMG being able to recognize artists is so fun hehe
I LOVE THESE ANIMATORS AHHHH
Bro I actually like this style of video for you
😂😂😂
JUST ME OR I HEARD THE PART WHERE TOMMYINNIT SAID GOARGE WENT TO GOT SEE HIS BOYFRIEND AND IT WAS DREAM AMITED
I need more!!
I would like to thank my little sister to show me these animators and my friends to show me these as well as me buy ngl I laugh at least for an hour lol
Good to see haminations, infamous swoosh, and a bunch of other animaters, animating for you ;)
Bruh is so happy he got a girlfriend
the first 1 minute of watching this vid I knew who 2 of the animators were because I watch them lol
oh god
"thank you Ireland, very cool" kinda reminds me or a certain milkman that says "Thanks Jeremy, VERY COOL!" doesn't it
HOLY SHIT MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN ONE VIDEO
“Before moving to Florida to go live with his husband-“ HOLY SHIT that caught me off guard
I IMMEDIATELY THOUGHT I WAS ON A HAMINATIONS VIDEO WHEN I SAW THIS, anyway on with video.
Can someone reassure me that icecreamsandwich animated that part
such a sick video loved it man
I loved seeing all the different animation styles
interesting..
This is thee most unique animation
meatcanyon should have done a segment lmao
I'm sure (hopefully) that Tommy always exaggerates these stories to make them interesting for YouTube, but whenever I watch these I can't help but get like really nervous for him lol
No one told me jacksepticeye was the cook and raider in that place
Not the, “thank you skyblock, very cool” reference at the end 😂🫡
Em should know what she's getting her self into LMFAO! BUT STOP TOMMY IS SO RELATEABLE IT JUST MAKES ME REALIZE HOW BAD OF A GF I WOULD BE
I have a feeling that the ‘bgm’ added towards the end is not Tommy’s doing.
Poor em
I love these
If tommy can get a gf all hope isn’t lost
Neurotypical  people are insane How do you expect somebody to know that "I don't mind" means "Please kill me I want to stop" I'm si confused why
This is as closes as a Sadist animation we can get
George not found moved to Florida to go be with his husband how sweet
So are her eyes blue or black?
First part looks like haminations
This is amazing ✨✨
Northern Ireland
yes sadist
0:04 hehehehehe
Sean really into the irish character
I dont know how but I've already watched this video 3 times, the amount of effort tommy is putting into his videos now is insane. MASSIVE props to the animators though they did amazingly!!
i almost shit myself and beat my roomate whenever i saw ice cream sandwich
The animation is really good
4:03 TOM WTF
wow, this deserves a big, fat, sweaty, juicy like
where icsandwich in desc?
Omg amazing, 😂😂
I love seeing the different ways animators capture your energy it's amazing
at least we got a glimpse of em, right?
We all don’t live in Alabama in the US😭
YOU WENT TO IRELND- what tf- HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS
6:44 a true irish man
6:41 🙄🙄🙄 you should have gone to the REPUBLIC of Ireland lol
I KNEW IT WAS HAMINATIONS AS SOON AS I SAW THE STYLE 😂
haminations
Next video ur face cam should be animated you 😂😂
Tommy I love u but as a American I felt a little hurt at 4:05 😢
I recognized the animation instantly
1:00 what in the big bang shit is this?
As someone from Belfast I can confirm that it's basically impossible to find food here (pls help I'm starving)
ITS ANIMATED GUYS REL  i was gonna say it looks like a bunch of different people but then i heard the “credits to ot-“ OK YUP      nice only 4 hrs late
omg
I love how matter-of-fact tommy is when telling stories, always adds to it, this video had me wheezing
brysonnnnnnnn ayyyyyyy (the animator yt)
:O
Simp
Never mind its multiple animators
bro at 0:30 i practically cried
I have not laughed this hard in a while, props to the animators for squeezing every bit of funny out of Tommy's audio into their art form. It is *chef's kiss* b e a u t i f u l.
Tubbo was only shocked because you married him a month ago
I loved this, please do more in like 3 months!
4:00 it should also be illegal  in America
Congrats on 12 million
nothing went wrong at all, that's so funny 😂
It’s haminations animation style
Ok, now this was actually funny
Wheres Haminations!
I know this animation style any were
Haminations!
Ok ok ok... if YOU were going to Ireland you MUST go to laois, (not just cuz I love it here) but it is SO COOL! Northern Ireland is like, the rip off Ireland, NEVER go there, if you wanna go to Ireland, the Republic of Ireland is the way to go 👌
5:25 stop the cap.
i would rather leave then eat that trash burger
ARE WE GOING TO IGNORE THE PART WHERE TOMMY CALLED DREAM GEORGE’S HUSBAND 💀💀😳😏😏
Hilarious
this is the only Animation video that has made me laugh this year, this is so good (honest)
can you do a nri vid and i love the vids love u
Love this. XDDD
1:21 to 2:30 i recognize  icecreamsanwich's UNIQUE animation and i LOVE IT and 3:55 to 4:28 is theodd1isout and i love him a lot too
GEORGES HUSBAND
He does so many other animators art styles
Love the jack reference at the pub lol!
Anyone else see haminations put the word sexy in on the animations clip?☠️☠️
I love how unique each animator’s style is, they did an amazing job
Please make more
Why is no one talking about Tommy said “Just before he met his husband” 😭👌
i love that crumbs @ is what it is now that i’ve read the description
the little music at the end... reminds me some random vid of tommy tht envolved bruno mars
I still don’t believe he has a girlfriend
MY FAVORITE ANIMATOR ANIMATED THE FIRST PART
All of my favorite animators made one video that has my favorite youtuber in it. This is the best day of my life.
You have never talked to a girl, no girl is interested in you please get that idea out of your head you sad human being
Yooooo the Chanel got 12M
This was soo awesome! We need more of this PLEASE
i can know who animate each scene
PLEASE LET ME SPAM THE LIKE BUTTON 10000000 TIMES THIS WAS SO AWESOME I LOVED ALL THE ANIMATIONS SO MUCH YOUR SO TALANTED GUYS
u forgot icecreamsandwich in the description credits
THE DELTARUNE DANCE HAHAHAH
Did she met Dadza?
Im gay and i know
Lol, a British person making fun of American incest has to be the funniest thing I've heard. Especially considering the Monarch are still doing it. Some of the biggest names in the royal family.
Hamination like animation
Please Tommy make more videos like this I love these videos or make a hole story time about on what happened to you and em cuz you 2 are like the perfect couple big man Tom but anyways love the video Tommy!
I'm ducking laughing at jack
what about icecreamsandwich? he helped you and you didn't put him in the comments
4:00  I  No words
Oh wow
Tommy's grown so much I swear 😭
Bro all the YouTubers sitting down in the credit in the intro of the video is the throne of the gods of animating
Can we talk about how the Irish waiter sounds suspiciously like Jacksepticeye????
"Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband " BRO TOMMY KNOWS
That's gotta be some odds1out animation !!!!
You need more animated videos XDDDD
is georgenotfound gay?
This is Pog
3:40 thats just a literal Wilbur moment☠️
The animations were really good and Tommy was very funny as usual. Banger video
It took me a whole second to realize tat was saddist animating the last bit since im so used to her animations being colorless
2:40
I KNEW IT, HAMINATION ANIMATES SOME OF IT YESSSSSS
DONT BE DISSIN BELFAST WEE LADDIE ID HAVE U DOWN ORMEAU PARK LIKE ILL SHAG YA IN THE OZONE WEE LAD
4:33  Wow okay tommy
My fav video.
Oh this is so good. Tommy this 100% made my day
26+6=1
6:57 relatable
I love how so many people within 3 hours have liked it
Markiplier also did a animated video.
I’m prty sure the American people wil have the same expression hearing that you guys were siblings.. just sayin
Seeing all of those animations in one video makes it so fun to watch! :D
Freddie did NOT like the fact h have a girlfriend
OK👌👌
tommy when can we see her face
awk yes Belfast does that sometimes
WAAAAIT HAMINATIONS DID HE MAKE THIS?!?
I was gonna say... is that HAMINATIONS?
I love how it switches between the animators animation styles :D
i made dating 100% more funnier
Tommy Belfast is not in Ireland
:O
I love how you can notice all the little differences in the animation styles lmao It ties this whole experience together.
We need more I’m and addict to the constant style changing voice acting and amazing  final project of everyone’s collaboration of work
HAMINAAAAATTTTIIIIOOOOOONS
OMG I LOVED THAT SOOOO MUUUUCH!!!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! (SADIST AND ICECREAM SANDWITCH LETZ GOOOOOOOOO!!!) AMAZING ANIMATIONS!!!!!!
why does the thumbnail look like george is losing it over you jacking his girlfriend
dude ur description u forgot to give her a valentines present??!?????????????????????!!!!!!!!!!! L
Yo hamminstions colab
5:46 Yahhhh Balls
best youtuber
Hammations!
Hey Tommy how did Valentine’s Day go with ur girlfriend ‘,:)
Hands down one of my new favorite tommyinnit videos!! Tha animation was sooo cool!! Keep up the great work big man!
Hamination
YOO HAMINATIONS POG
0:40 *I have surrounded myself COMPLETELY by idiots.*  I relate to that a little bit too much…
I loved this it was was so funny and entertaining
I want more animation videos
ALL THE ANIMATIONS ARE SO COOL !!
i was so happy when i recognized all the art styles
I watched it at least 7 times 😂 laughing my pants off!!! 😂😂
First thought: Was this animated by Haminations?  Second thought: My question is answered in the video.  Edit: I recognize all the the animation styles. So many cool animators.
I never realized someone loves tommy
Fantastic storytelling aside, those variations of animating styles were genuinely sick.
Rizz
well... that was an experince
This was such a cool video!! Hope you do more stuff like this in the future!!!
YAY
The fact that this many animators are involved makes you know FOR SURE this will be true entertainment
OMGGGGG THEODD1SOUT
When did he go to Ireland I’m so confused
Loved the ahesthetics
Wow all these animations just were so cool with the movement and synced talking! I'm sure George will understand one day and laugh about it!😂
The fact that I screamed “ICECREAMSANDWICH” at 0:31 is something I’m in going to look back on and wander why I did this so loudly.
Oh my god this is haminations style and a swooshes and oddybois
Are we not going to talk about George he has a husband
i live at 123 fake street
This looks very like swoosh and haminations
You know we recognize that ain't at the end, don't you Tom?
I liked the animation befor ethe intronwas even done edit: great vid super fun love all the animators
so good!
I. WISH I WHEN DOWN THE TOWN ON THAT DAY
SO COOL VIDEO
YOU WHERE IN BELFAST
the america part 😂😂😂😂 “4:00”
"Just before moving yo florida to go be with his husband (Dream)" -Tommyinnit talking about GeorgeNotFound, The biggest DNFer out there My Guy it's a DTeamTwt Main lol  Anywho, this Is SO fucking cool! Silly adventures w/Silly guy and his GF and TBH The Tubbo story it's kinda relatable, w/me as Tubbo and My BFF w/her BF lol
So many animators damn
6:15 Yup, welcome to Ireland, we may be the emerald isle but HOLY SHIT is it always raining/cloudy. When they're actually open though, Belfast has some dope places to visit
Bro this is hilarious 😂
(THIS COMMENT HAS BEEN DELETED)
Hopefully 1 day George finds out the truth. Btw the time and effort tommy puts into his vids for us is just insane and amazing.
guess hes tommyonesout now
yea northern ireland doesn’t have the greatest places to go to
‘Just before moving to Florida to be w his husband’ 😭
this is amazing I love it LOL
proud to say that i recognized all of the animators icecream wasn’t in the desc tho :(
Huh i like the haminations style
He got so many animators for a video props to them 😭
I was about to rage when tommy siad ireland was in the UK until I realised he ment northern ireland
YOOO SADIST IS HERE
AINT NO WAY THIS IS HAMINATIONS
Yeahhhhhhhhh
Fantastic! ❤ great animation and really funny as always! Maybe come back to Belfast someday it is much better than it seems ( I live there)
Ik haminations would be helping in this vid
The best animation was theodds1out
When you said a bad time I think I heard megalomania intensifie
YOU WERE IN BELFAST??!!! I COULD HAVE MET U!!! PLEASE I SWEAR NORTHERN IRELAND ISN’T THAT BAD YOU JUST WENT ON A BAD DAY ( also Most people in Northern Ireland including me do NOT speak with an Irish accent my family is more British)
I’m so glad the video ended off with some good ol’ Sadist!!! Made me so happy. All of the animations were amazing and so smooth, as well as the transitions between them. Fantastic!!!! 😁
THIS VIDEO IS SUPER COOL!! THE ANIMATORS DID A REALLY GREAT JOB, AND THE STORIES WERE VERY FUNNY & ENJOYABLE. KEEP UP THE AMAZING STUFF <33
Mcyt to story time animator? Heck I'm here for it😂
I find it cool that you can tell who was animating each scene
this can be a funn series ngl. idt i laughed in a tommy video like i did today in monthssss
Amazing animated tommy lovely
Shoulda woulda coulda went to Five Guys burger in Victoria Square of Belfast an ez 9/10 I ate with sacks of potatoes
Dude haminations!
Omg Tommy 💀😂
I never miss a Tommyinit video, always making me smile
ur welcome from ireland
There’s no way he called Northern Ireland, Ireland
This is very wholesome and love the fact that Tommy is one of the top three dnf shippers😂
oh my go d ice cream sandwich i love ice cream sanxdwich i eat his animations
Humans in crumbs style is a little off putting but still very cute
this is so pretty
POV : George after seeing Tommy and his "Sister" kiss : SWEET HOME ALABAMA!!!
Wow an amazing video and on my birthday I love it
Tubbo is in distraut
I feel so SOO bad for the animators, in fact I feel bad for ALL animators, how do you do it? also YAYAYA SEÁN!!
no way
i relate far too much to tubbo in the first scene. the amount of times people have said i am rude because im talking about a special interest. the thing is, why would i ask how they are, when i explain greek mythology, yk? plus if they took My Spot, well, death.
Ammmmmmmmasing love it !!!!!
I just unsubscribe lol
NOOOOOO THE THE WORST ANIMATOR. HAMINATIONS
Dw Tom, my uncle and aunt lasted from when they were 14 to now, they have a 14 year old kid now
Did not expect lumpytouch to be involved, but as soon as I saw the beginning of their part, I knew the horrors to come
His George impression is so on point I don't even know if it's Tommy or George ;-;
Ngl emm deserves better tommy has done nothing but fail for her XD
i loved this so so so much i hope we get something like this again in the future!!! and i just KNEW tommy had to make a dnf reference somewhere in there😃
"Yah. Bollz."
Let’s go
AHHH YESS I LOVE THIS VIDEO ALL MY FAVORITE ANIMATORS YOUTUBERS AND WITH MY OTHER FAVORITE MINDCRAFT YOUTUBERS I LOVE THIS VIDEO:DD
When i heard they went to Ireland i already imagined Sean being the voice actor
The first thing I said when I saw the video pop up in my recommended was: ‘It’s here’ in a voice like some old wise man in a video game💀
I’m crying I saw technoblade in the background animated 🫣🥹😭
YOU FORGOT A PRESENT???
Out of all animators in this video, I don't know why I feared Lumpy Touch as soon as a saw him in the beginning of the video.
it was hilarious 🤣🤣🤣
have to say this, that was northern Ireland, u have to say it, otherwise epic video
This was a great vid to post
We never got the answer to the real question…  HOW THE HELL DID HE MANAGE TO GET A GIRLFRIEND IN THE FRIST PLACE
Yo sadist did Jack good
Belfast is shit, come down south sometime
This was very entertaining! It stopped me crying and made me laugh. Well done to all the animators who helped make this!!!!  (Edit was changing ! From ? Lmao)
Ofc sadist is in this. And ofc... First thought going through my mind when I heard Ireland is jack is getting a bit in this
I'm very surprised the haminations an tommyinnit actually worked together... 10/10
that's an insane animation work
bro theses is himation's no cap lol
tommy trust me get laserquaser to do one of theese animation videos
i have a question.WHY DOES THE YOUTUBER OD1ISOUT TAKE PLACE IN THE SCREEN
You went to ell fast? What
This is peak entertainment.
It's illegal to date your siblings? The U.K. weird af💀
I will never get over how cute and dumb icecresandwichs animations are
I  w a n t  m  o  r  e
yoo when i saw sheffield on the map :D im from sheffield :)))
SAD-IST animating Jacksepticeye producing burgers from thin air is not something I thought I needed to see
Tommy: says 30 minutes clock: shows 6 hours 👀
I can feel ya mate Belfast is terrible on Saturday's. I live there
YIPPEEEEE
All of you don't have relationship experience 🙄🙄🙄🙄
you can tell which animator animated what by the style so fun!
I can’t stop laughing 😂😂😂😂
ALKDLJAHSLKFJSD:L JACK AS THE BARTENDER MADE ME SPIT OUT MY DRINK
ksi taught him well
As someone who is Irish I do not recommend going to Belfast. Go somewhere like Dublin.
i just love how the animation style changes with the animator
I love that. Poor George.
Awesome video!!
CRUMB ANIMATION MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
bro its so obvious which part is animated by odd1sout
"before he goes to Florida to marry his husband„  HAHAHA I can't
The first animation is haminations
I know all of these animators wth
When I saw lumpy was working on this I got scared
HAHA Sean bring the pub owner is amazing
0:16 he's doing the Ralsei dance from Deltarune. Also 6:45 sorta sound like Jacksepticeye
Shoulda gone to Dublin Tommy.
The fact that these stories were animated by incredible people make them even more funny! I can't wait for a face reveal hehe
You went to NORTHERN IRELAND that’s why it’s was bad 🙃
FUCK YEA HAMINATION! im glad hes getting bigger lol i havent watch him in ages i gotta catch up lmao
Please take care of her nicely, i dont want relationships ending horribly. I hope you two have a wonderful life together
4:31 I’m dead ass laughing at this- ✋😂
lol me just calling out every animator when i recognize their animation
❤️❤️❤️
3:19 Recognized Crumbs style the moment this began, it's a legend
Broooo jack at the end is so handsome in this art style🥹💖
So cool that sad-it's did a section!
4:00  Tommy: The following of my American viewers may not understand Also Tommy 2 seconds later: In England it is illegal to date your sibling
SAD IST
yES SSSSSS HAM
I love this 😭💗💗
First second i saw haminatilns art style
I love how haminations just Tommy threaten the viewer like he usually does.
Bro this man is going above and beyond
BRO I USED TO OD THE SIBLING PRANK
The thought that Tommy innit was in my home, BELFAST. Infuriates me
I feel just a bit bad for Em hope you two had a good Valentine’s Day together where you didn’t make her join in on pranks or go get terrible burgers in Ireland
It's nice seeing different animators collab in for tommyinnit
i genuinely want a meetup with em and drista. it would be hilarious
I like your videos 😅
woah i know every single one youtuber that you worked with
bro..
Tubbo aggressively trying to break into Tommy’s house is hysterical. Also, it is now my head canon that he sounds like an Animal Crossing character
WE NEED MORE ANIMATED SHOWS
MOREEEE!!!! I WANT MOREEEEE
"Fair warning, the following my American viewers may not understand: In England, it is illegal to date your sibling."  I'M FUCKING DYING LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOO
how Meany drugs do you do i  cant
I KNEW IT I WENT TO TYPE THAT I KNOW WHO YOU WORKED WITH BECAUSE I KNOW THE STYLE AND THEN I SEE FROM HIM: it was fun working with you. I KNEW IT(im big brained)
5:18 Tommyinnit: "I also accidentally cheated on Em" Everyone: "..." Tommyinnit: "Okay not really but-" Me: "TOMMY YOU IDIOT YOU DONE MESSED UP!"
I knew I recognized James animation style. (I mean, kinda hard not too.)  But, CRUMB!?
HAMINATIONS!!!!!!!!
i like when in some sences you can tell what animator did what
Goob
"Just before going to Florida to go with with his *"husband"* .... Ladies and gentlemen... Dnf....,is confirmed.
I refuse to believe that Wilbur didn’t ask Em whether or not she liked Anteaters
I LOVE ICECREAMSANDWHICH AND ITS AMAZING TO SEE THEIR ART IN THIS VIDEO
Tommy telling the story about Ireland is highly accurate, I can confirm as an Irish person that the weather is absolute bullshit.
Happy that there was a lil Jacksepticeye cameo 🤙
Bro turned into loft girl 3:14
bro im glad that some of our animators were here
Was I the only one that saw dnf
ok
06:47 I just bursted with laughter when JackSepticEye appeared to save the day and said “I don’t know what you call it but I can get your burger there!!!” with Irish music blaring in the background. And then in 7:01 him just obsessing even more about the burgers. THE EDITORS ARE COMEDIANS THROUGH AND THROUGH-
I instantly knew that haminations was one of them because i watch all of his vids lol
Go to Dublin it’s better
You married tubbo
1st i was like -wut tommy has a gf..
TOMMY WANTS WROBG WITH IRELAND 😒
SADISTTTT ❤❤❤
Not the desc 💀 tommy 😭
Tommy, thanks for telling me what not to do as a boyfriend. I really appreciate that 🙏
I know ireland is the best place
I love this! Love all the different animators that worked on this
4:00 💀
Phone
You are so dum to intruduse them to your friends
4:35        Do I even need to say anything?
THE ANIMATORS INVOLVED HAVE SM TALENT! LOTS OF LOVEEE
you forgot to credit icecream sandwich in the description btw.
i love that i was able to pinpoint each artist's part due to their style!
My jaw dropped when I saw lumpytouch’s animation
all my favorite animators colabing with one of my favorite youtubers  🤩
Ham?
The mario galaxy music intro
I love how Wilbur interrogates Tommy’s girlfriend like an older brother would do
I'm offended meatycanyon didn't participate in this   But then again, I see why lmao
Dam he really did go to Northern Ireland like even Belfast
And now there are gonna be people wanting to know if you guys have done the dervils tango. Be prepared.
This was amazing
Fun fact it’s illegal to date your siblings in all of America except Alabama
Tommy Must Learn The Sacred Words Of The Womens
Finally, TommyInnit you finally hit 12 million keep up the good work
I LOVE HOW SADIST DRAWS JACK OMFG
love these types of vids! was so excited to see my fav animators included
Tommy, as an American your “comment” about incest is completely and utterly-   Fair
as an ire’, i can definitely approve of this.
POG YES
First couple of animation styles in the first few min haminatons james
Hiiiiiiii
ah yes, the struggle of deciphering a women's code. as a woman, I can assure you, im also extremely confused on why we do this.
AS SOON AS I CLICKED ON I RECOGNIZED THE STYLE HOLY CRAP HAMINATIONS????? THATS AWESOME
Love this
i had no reason to be upset, DUDE THATS NOT THE IRELAND YOU MEAN *sigh* we're different
THIS IS HILARIOUS!! every animator did such an incredible job, I was dying of laughter the entire time!
what time of year were u in Belfast bro T-T I live here u gotta go elsewhere
Tommy becoming next odd1sout and jayden?
Tommy beat life
did you eventually confirm to George that em was your girlfriend
The pixel animated Brighton clip was S tier
I love how it goes through all of those animators style
hamnation
12 MILLION!!!!!!!!
5:18 omg that looks like the rottmnt style for donnie omg gimmie the art
Great work :3
NOT TOMMY DROPPING THE DNF BOMB 💀💀💀
i remembered the animation immediately. good job ham
we need fore bc stories tommy
THIS IS REVOLUTIONARY ur story time combined with MULTIPLE great artists and art styles makes me so frikin happy this was such a good idea also SADIST CARTOON this is a cartoon series now
This video has the most accurate of Ireland I've seen
This was amazing! All the animators did so well! I was giggling to myself the whole time lol
Who’s the animator that animated the Wilbur story?
I like the animated Tommyinnit
Any chance Haminations helped animate? I recognize the art style at the beginning  Edit: I checked the description, he did.
Noice 👍🏻👍🏻
I knew Haminations helped make the video immediately
I knew the animation at the intro was familiar then it hit me              HAMINATIONS
ok I love all the animators, I could tell the style and at the beginning I was like: wait this is Haminations style, wait, NOW ITS SWOOSH, and then I got to see all the styles and this was sick
Of course he got Jack! Great thinking, Tommy. It definitely made me laugh
oml
My favourite part was when Jacksepticeye followed Tommy and Em to Ireland just to shove septic burgers down their throats.
I was legit driving and when Tommy said in England it is illegal to date your sibling I had to pull over
Thanks for insulting my whole country
I never thought that I could laugh so much that I did during this video
Bro haminations and tommy together? The best combination ✨
When ice cream sand which was animating is looked so cute ❤
Is that jacksepticeye?!
Wilbur interrogating Tommy's girlfriend might be the most brotherly thing he's ever done
The hilarious and slightly annoying 16 year old I watched how many years ago now has a girlfriend.  Man time flys.
O
This was honestly so fun to watch, I love how many artists came together to show us how much of a bad boyfriend tommy is
I like how I can recognize who worked on this by their artstyle 😭
Belfast is the worst of Ireland, I suggest you go to Killbrittain in the Republic of Ireland. Much better town.
Ima be honest I thought you were gay
4:33 ... Tommy, you are the biggest DNF shipper I've ever seen
e
I love the different versions of animations!!
YOU WERE IN BELFAST FUCK I LIVE THERE
Oh no Tommy i think you forgot to tag icecreamsandwich on ur description
I didnt know Jacksepticeye was so good at making burgers
O M G  ITS SOOOOO GOOOOOD AINT INNIT?
Not Tommy Shipping DNF Again
He finally makes another video and it's only 7 minutes long
The return of animated Tommy! XD
AHAHAH Incredible video, great job animators! And it was amazing having Jack cameo
4:30 incest is league in my state
youtube animators are the type of people that see Tommy and ask "Is anyone going to animate that", and not wait for an answer
Tommy's relationship goals: Cheat on his girlfriend by marrying Tubbo and hope she's cool with it
Sean at the end! Lmao
This was fucking cool can't wait to watch reaction's of other youtubers like Wilbur and Tubbo ^_^
Hi tommyinnit
4:02 I had to pause the video cause I choked  -sincerely, an American viewer   I also love how Jacksepticeye is such a lovely person on and outside youtube…. But when it comes to Tommy’s channel, he becomes cryptid Jack
i thought i recognised the first animation style.
very interesting-
TOMMY! for belfeast most places are off saturday and sunday and now u clearly know.. please dont think thar were all like this u should come to galway
😎 And shows bRySoN ._.
You forgot icecreamsandwich in the description
this is amazing
This is kind of concerning in a way
I love every animation on this video         Especially theodd1sout
Damn, Tommy has to be way too honest with George and his husband
Big ups ireland, we're the best
Best video😂
As someone who is irish i can confirm,  EVERYWHERE IS CLOSED ON A SATURDAY
jacksepticeye showing up was a surprise and i just broke
The IRA has it closed laddy
I got so exited every time I recognized one of the animators art style
Very beautiful animation and I loved the energetic story telling and jokes (which worked for me). I love the experimentation and hope to see more of it!
Me when sadist
The part where they pretended being siblings had me rolling to a hospital ✨
his girlfriend is dreams sister
6:15 Me, living in ireland: *yep, that's what I wake up to every morning*
I love how you can tell which animator did each section of the video
I don't want to be rude, but he forgot to put a link for @IceCreamSandwich
So sorry had a bad time in my home town..
it's so funny that no one still believes tommy omg😭
0:50   The way hes ditching the door 😭✋
“I do not mind” actually meaning “I very much mind” is the best boyfriend advice
how the fuck do you still have a girlfriend
1:11  Tubbo casually turning into a tuBlock as he should
as someone who’s entire family is from belfast i can assure you his description is quite accurate
nice
I'm almost certain that willbur is Tommys actual brother
7:06 Dani reference???
HAMINATIONS?
Hi
epic
Omg I love your video 😂❤🎉 you can actually go to my country and smoke and drink I want to sing on the way back when you turn 18 I was around 17 when that happened so you are technically allowed to drink in South Africa at the age of 18 to 19 I was so scared plus I would tell me around 18 😅❤
I'm a little embarrassed at how loudly I screamed "SAD-IST!!!!!" at the last animation. only a little tho
coolest animators on youtube
This is so cool Thank the animators for making such a good job, their the best!
Amazing work!
hey haminations...            WAIT A MINUTE
Does Tommy awnser his comments?
Why the FUCK did u go to BELFAST, i swear to god, if u went there at night you wouldnt be here to upload this. There are so many better places, fucking bangor is amazing, belfast is full of pubs and pubs alone, ANYWHERE else has hundreds of restaurants. I'm so glad u had *so much fun* in northern ireland come back soon.
Welcome to irela d Tommy the place with the worst weather
Dude the sadist bit jumpscared me- and the fact that I new most of the animators was awesome.
as soon as i heard the word "ireland" i knew jacksepticeye was gonna be there
Can we appreciate for a moment HOW GOOD COMPLEXLYROSS PART IS????
Amazing how many animators have been doing this video! The whole video is so great  :DD
12m
AAA
The fact i was told a not good tutorial and to click off and I continue watching
4:35 husband 😭
next time you go to Ireland, travel down to Dublin where you will get a real burger.
the jacksepticeye pub owner had me dying happy for ya tommy!!!!!!
Wilbur interrogating Em sounds like an old country biker dad questioning his daughters city boyfriend
This video is awesome
SAD-IST?!?!
hmm
4:32  OH this was cruel to George-        also Husband???????? ayo
this was hailaroius!  😂  the many animators along with you and the other cameos really made this peak!
SADIST AT THE END?!?
Bro you got 12 million subscribers congrats 🎉 😊
'for my american viewers you might not understand...here in the uk you can not date your sibling' SIR
OH MY GOODNESS WHAT MY FAVOURITE YOUTUBERS CROSSOVER OG MY GOD OH SAMEHAJAKOWKWNA
3:53 LMAOOOO
OH MY GOD HOLY ANIMATORS
Funny video
HAMINATIONS YEAAAA
The odd1sout AND Sad-ist helped?!?!  Jealous
You can clearly tell which animated which part
I like how they had to animate it cause she doesn’t want to be seen
Here from Haminations 💙💛
New JSE ego just dropped. Love all the animations!
As a Irish boy I am very happy you mentioned 🇮🇪 😊
DID YALL HER BRUNO MARS AT THE END
This video was AWESOME!!! All the animators did a great job!
ireland is amazing should of came to rosscomman tho !
YOU DIDNT GET EM A VALENTINES PRESENT DUDE WTF
wait a second was that a dani reference at the end
I swear I felt hamination animated this vid when I saw the first 2 seconds
HAMANATIONS?!
cant belived that all of the animation combind into a perfect animation 1000 out of 100
Tommy is just a true dnfer isn’t he
i feel bad for Em tho are you forcing her to date you or something
This is actual so incredible!! Tom's awesome Story telling combined with my fav animation ytubers is perfection at its best!!
I just cant 😂
Ngl I loved all the different styles of animation with all the different creators!
WHY BELFAST TOMMY GO TO KILDARE ITS NICE NOT THE NORTH
Why he got the LukeOrSomething hair.
"HOW MANY DRUGS CAN YOU DO?! "
As an animator, it’s so cool to see so many animators come together to make this!!! All of you did great!!
Funny and Cute
I love em sm
4:36 LMAO
FREDDY WHAT THE FU-
These animation look familiar🧐
Tommy’s officially leveled up from alone child boy, to chad man teen  It’s truly a sight to see
pleasure working with you T-man <3
4:32 is making me laugh way to much
I love how on every story the animation changes lol! 😂😂
This feels like a plot summary of a sitcom 😂 loved all the animation styles!!
Bro got haminations for the first part
im sorry but these girlfriend videos are so boring but idc i stopped watching you along time ago
American sibling dating: sweet home allabama  British sibling dating: death penalty
Are all of your videos gonna be animated
Bryson got my attention
I thought I recognized all these animation styles amazing
Love the animated theme
tommy instantly loses his entire irish fanbase after that
When lumpy’s segment came on I audibly screamed out of pure and unfiltered excitement
why
This was so wholesome and a super refreshing way to get stories! Well done Tom!
how did i instantly know haminations had a part in this
This was amazing and hillarious, I follow and love almost all of these animators.  Also, the *cackle* I let out at "Just before he moved to Florida to go be with his husband" XD
Having so many of my favourite animations YouTubers animate the story of one of my favourite YouTubers in general is a dream coming true
Ha ha, he went to Ireland, shoulda went to Dublin
LOL THE ANIMATORS CREDITS
It’s impressive how he managed to not swear that much in this video, I felt like he was actually taking it somewhat seriously.
i love how i can tell who is animating at what part of the video XD
Bro in the beginning i was like BRO IT'S THE HAMINATIONS ANIMATION!!
Why was icecreamsandwhich not tagged :(
i was in the bath when this premered and i missed it 😢
Never order pub burgers in Ireland as someone who lives there
Dude haminations art style is so recidnisible
Big man tommy gets girl but fails and details miserably
this is the collab of the century
YOOO LETS GO ANIMATORS!!
I LOVE RECOGNIZING ALL MY FAVORITE AND BELOVED ANIMATORS HOLY CRAP 💙💙💙💙
2:41 hero Brian 😊
Hahahaha this is cool!! Also I would be afraid of meeting Wilbur he is so class :')
This video is soooooo gooood and craaaaaaaaaaaazzyyy!!!!!!!! Very good video TommyInnit!!!
All my favourite YouTubers and Animators in one place
Would have never thought haminations, swoosh or ice cream sandwich would he in a tommy video
I still can’t believe tommy has made it this far in life.. Respect
6:28 NEXT TIME GO TO WATERFORD ITS SOOOO MUCH BETTER THAN BELFAST
I did not expect to see my man Lumpytouch on this man’s channel Still one of the best sprite animators
Women.
The moment I spotted Lumpy I knew his part would get......Interesting.
yes
JACKSEPTICEYE?
Shout out pls
Tommy decided that not only would he be a twitch streamer, but also a youtuber, a vlogger, a lego fan, and a storytime "animator".  What will he do next?
All the giga, Chad animators are here
This is hilarious!! U are a magnificent storyteller fr
are we not gonna talk abt the outro
When I saw ice cream sandwich odd1sout and hamimations I thought I knew this looked familiar
Reconizing so many animators/artists in one video is CRAZY!
Tommy knows the dnf truth
ENTERTAINING to see icecreamsandwich and odd1sout work with u, dey got guzz
Best video I’ve ever whatched when eating taco bell
The "50% of relationships always end in breakups" made me actually lol
4:29 animated to look exactly like Fairly Odd Parents
Y‘know, I DID think one of them looked an awful lot like IcecreamSandwich‘s style, so I went back. It IS.   Love the work everyone of you did here, good job!
the gogy one 😭
The most accurate representation of Belfast in all of YouTube
Omg i love this vid
This is actually the best collaboration I’ve seen on YouTube!
Yoo I didn't expect LumpyTouch to join in
5:00 they are lovers in crime
I will NOT take Ireland slander on my recommended - A Texan
Man forgot ice cream sandwich in his description
4:02 WHAT
how do the other 50% of relationships end?
the fact you didnt @ icecreamsandwich upsets me deeply
6:14 Anyone else hearing Megalovania in their head?  Just me? OK I'll see myself out
They got them all
Mmhh daddy
Thomas learns about the real world outside of YouTube but animated oooh
"MY AMERICAN VIEWERS MAY NOT UNDERSTAND", "IN ENGLAND, IT'S ILLEGAL TO DATE YOUR SIBLING" SWEEEET HOME ALABAMA
funny
animation styles i recognize: odd1sout, haminations, infoumaswoosh, icecreamsandwhich,  adamx, cuptoast, and that snoopy dance
I can’t believe that some of my fav animators and my fav streamer are in one video… djhdjdjshdhdjdbdjdjdbdjdkdbhdjdhd Have an amazing day!💜
Atleast Bryson was first lmao
Tommyinnit: Fair warning, my American viewers may not understand, but in Britain, it is illegal to date your sibling  Alabamians: WHAT
I did not expect jacksepticeye to turn around in the pub💀
Better video name gaslighting George not found
I KNEW HAMINATIONS WORKED ON THIS
wilbur asking em what her favourite shark is is exactly what i expected yet also not
I was laughing when he said George is going to meet his husband in America which is dream 😂
Is she a ginger
Entertainment 100
AAAAA
I love how the animation style keeps changing and I can tell which animator made them
This was an amazing funny video as always xx :)
YAY
I thought Tommy was asexual or gay🤔
This was amazingly entertaining and all of these people are absolute juggernauts of animation. I'm subscribing to all of the animators I didn't already know.
As someone who lives very close to Belfast you gotta always check the reviews before you go in anyyyy restaurant💀 some of these places are so grim
Peak content.
JACKSEPTERCYE
WOOOOO!
This is just an absolute masterpiece 🤌
Lmao, this animation was awesome and absolutely funny!
I love how many animators are in this
This is amazing 😂
Wilber just wanted to make sure she is the right one
It's illegal to date your siblings in America too tommy
This was a work of art in EVERY SINGLE WAY. The animators and Tommy did a fantastic job, I giggled the whole time!   Em, my heart goes out to you.
Of course Tommy could only love someone who looked like himself
Wilbur seems like the kind of guy to ask Tommy's girlfriend what her favorite shark is
Before moving to Florida to be with his husband is super funny
4:04 pretty sure it’s illegal in the US too?
152,911
seeing sad ist style at the end was a suprise :o
The fact he said, "Before he(Gogy) went to go live with is husband" or something-
How Many animators is in this
Not sure where you went in Belfast with no food, the place as coming down with places!! I could have took you a proper tour lad!!
🇮🇪 Every Irish viewer when someone goes there (cus it’s really depressing over here) :
BEST TOMMY VID EVER
Wilbur interrogating Tom's gf is possibly the most Wilbur thing I've ever heard, and I love that so much
This was the best thing I've seen ever! You and Em are so ADORABLE TOGETHER, also your friends are just super comfortable around her by the looks of it ☺️☺️ god the animations was fab each!
Omg James did
I thought you were married to tube was there a brake up
huh
I wonder if he payed them or put them in his basement to animate.. oh well the video was nice!
Sweet home Alabama
4:34 💀thats all im saying
I got so caught of guard by Jacksepticyeye...But it fit SO WELL, and all the animations, the different styles, it made a chaotic harmony, beatifull
hi
Ohmygosh i loved this. I’m in the car so I had to watch without sound but it still made me laugh. DO MORE COLABS WITH THESE PEPOLE.
As an an Irish person that is exactly how we speak,and yea Belfast is the place of nightmares nothing makes sense there
Also the fact im Irish and understood every word jacksepticeye said is so funny to me
before him saying it i could tell haminations helped lo
What happened to my boy IceCreamSandwich shoutout in the description?
I recognized the Haminations artstyle immediately
The Technoblade Youtooz <3
We need more animated tommyinnit. There's something about his type of comedy that only the medium can correctly potray.
The fact that Tommy has a gf is just proving me that the world is changing too fast 😔, overall luv ur videos Tommy
Guess I’ll update the comment when I get a gf(if i ever get one)
Tommy this is legendary content
I'm willing to bet that technoblade would join in on Wilburs interrogation. R.I.P
I laughed at how the outro song was that's what I like 😂
JACKYSEPTICEYE
This is so goodXD Happy for you<3
WE NEED MORE  OF THIS!!!!  i loved every second of this video good job to all the animators
This is why I am still subscribed. Keep up the good work my man
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO!!!
4:04 Alabama
Omg you got the Ireland Impression spot on lmao I live there- 💀
I love your new colab vids, loved the lego one as well
The George thing killed meeee
very well produced
Please make more this is amazing ❤😂
Congrats for hitting 12 million! Will really is like your brother 😂
i just know shes using him..
This video is amazing. It's so cool to see so many amazingly talented people animating for an amazingly talented YouTuber. I'd love to see more videos like this in the future
Haminations?????????????😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
I like these sorta videos with Tommy's humor animated
The FACT that tommy points out how sweet home Alabama is a no go is so hilarious XD
OF COURSE WE HAD TO END WITH SADIST WE LOVE SADIST
Shouldn't have went to the North 🤣🤣
belfast is a shite place to go if you want to go to ireland head over to galway its quite nice I would know cause im Irish
This was awsome, we need more of this.
I love how he said that Goggy was going to see his husband aka Dream
WE LUV U EM UR SO COOL😍😍💗
The fact that i knew it was sadist right away is crazy
hey Tom a small youtuber that can show you ireland if you want if you want that give me a shout i would gladly show true ireland (belfast is not ireland it is north ireland and can offend irish people if you say that)
Oshi eu n espera isso ae
SURELY HAMINATION
Great choice picking Haminations for this, he's a great animator
5:18 Tommy looks like Fred from the Velma series 💀
I need more of animated Tommy
I knew that Haminations, Odd1stout,  InfamousSwoosh, and Sad-ist had to help at least with the animations a little                                                                                                                                                              The amount of animators too in this is so dam funny                                                                                                              🤡🤡🤡                                                                             Also the story is so funny🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I actually love icecreamsandwich‘s art style so much
THIS IS SO GOOD GGAHAGQHHWE
Ah well Tommy, what could you expect from Belfast 🤦‍♀️ probably not the best place to go to first
How to start a war 101
Welcome to Ireland Tommy , welcome to this absolute sh!t hole 😭😆
The Icecream sandwich and Odd1sout parts were my favourite.
That might have been the greatest thing I have ever witnessed.
I laughed so hard at 3:55 lol
Everyone: FOCUSED ON VIDEO Me: *Analysing each animator whenever they switch animators*
honestly when I get a girl friend the most terrifying thing for me will be to meet her parents that's always been a big fear of mine for some reason lmfao
i clicked the vid and new it was haminations
lol
i love how its easy to tell who the animator is
Best Animated Video Ever…indeed
4:09 legal in Alabama not sure about everywhere else
This was absolutely amazing! :D
This was awesome! I'm glad you're happy with your girlfriend! I think the sister prank critically scarred GeorgeNotFound. Also the Jacksepticeye cameo was something I didn't know I needed until I received it.
The Haminations art blasting me in the face is pwetty epic 😎😎😎😎
Did he kidnap all the animation youtubers and force them to animate his videos part by part
aaa
THE AMERICAN COMMENT ON DATING SIBLING ALMOST GOT ME-
How many animators wtf
lol
This is so funny and so cool, love the animation so bravo to the animators !
????
2:56 y'know, i think the implication was 'let US take a break' not 'okay, you can stop, BYE!' lmfao
4:26 waiter minds be like: SWEET HOME ALABAMA
LMAOO to go and meet his husband lol 4:32
That's why you go to the Republic of Ireland instead of Northern Ireland
HANIMATIONSNDNSDA
I've never laughed so hard
i tried drawing you mixed with the buff doulingo bird i tturned out looking like shrek
Congraulations with 12mil subs Tommyinit.
We hit 12m let's goooooo
Bruh,he went to Belfast i don't know he what expected.
That was so much fun to watch! AND YOU DID NOT CALL GEORGE TO SEE HIS HUSBAND DREAM XD
Oh, Tommy was in Belfast recently? in my city?  No wonder I've felt a grave disturbance.
Lol😭😭
0:31 wow
Puh-LEASE do more of these
4:42 lmao i cant get over how good this part is
wow just wow
That America joke was outta pocket
You are very welcome Tommy ( from a irish person lol)
is it me or is the irish characters voice Jacksepticeye
Am i the only one who heard : gogy went to move in with his husband
WE NOT GONNA TALK BOUTA THE FACT TOMMY OUTED GEROGE?
TOMMY YOU WENT TO BELFAST!? should have went to Dublin😒 This was honesty funny tho.😂😂♡
he forgot to put icescreamsandwich in the description
You toxic little dnfer 😂
I hope Em didn’t mention anteaters to Wilbur
Great animation shes lucky to have u bro 😂❤
I love that wilbur just didn’t do any voice clips when george did and sean wasn’t even actually there hit did too
jk so it is weird lol
GEORGE THINKING ABT DNF ??
Crumb’s animation was best
3:56 NO WAY HE JUST CALLED OUT THE US LMFAOOOO
another great watch from tomminit🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣
WHY DIDNT IT NOTIFY ME
I like ice cream sandwiches animation part the best
Go to Dublin you'll love it🤣
Here's a funny story that happened recently with my partner!  So this was the first month of us dating and I wanted to introduce him to my friends in a group call because we are both introverts and don't like human interaction (aka we both live the hermit life)   And during that call my three brothers BURST through my door singing all star and blasting it in my ears and I WASN'T muted.   At least my partner had a good laugh haha
The Cameos are absolutely insane!
Congrats
whos the first story animator-
YEAHHHHH IT’S FINALLY HERE! WORTH THE HYPE, GOOD JOB TOMMY!!!
This is amazing! Animatiors did such a great job. Really funny story I laughed like crazy🤣👌
Incredible, truly incredible
I see this and I knew Bryson ( Haminations ) helped make this
This is amazing but one thing.  GEORGES WHAT? 😭 I mean your not wrong
the fact this gives me horrid henry vibes-flkvolfki[ohnreqo
yep that belfast for yah all the time nearly
this video is literally SO GOOD
HA! funny stories
6:46
Your gf seems really cool
I wanna point out something I feel haminayions animated this
Uh I think you might've forgotten Icecreamsandwich in your description because he does seem to be skipped?
I'M NOT KIDDING WHEN I SAY THAT THIS VIDEO IS THE BEST I'VE EVER SEEN, JUST SEEING ALL OF THESE GREAT ANIMATORS ON THE PROJECT KEPT ME SMILING LIKE AN IDIOT I LOVE THIS❤ CONGRATS TO ALL THE ARTISTS THAT WORKED ON IT!!
this is the ultimate collab
This video is very well made and hilarious, I absolutely loved it!
The music at the end. That’s what I like!!
P..people date their siblings in America?...
Disrespecting Ireland. Just like everyone else. Disappointment.
hi
jk
Wow
i love ittt!!!
In the end I saw sad-ist        Wow
IM IN THE THUMBNAIL BUT WITH TORSO!!!1!1!1!!!11
this was weird to me
4:00 killed me 💀💀💀
i don’t know how to describe this but this video feels so tommy, like i know that’s the point but like ITS SO TOMMY
it's so fun seeing all the animators artstyles in this
When wilbur said "how many drugsdo you do?" i was waiting for tom to say "all of them."
Tommyinnit mentions ireland and i was like oh wow "The republic of ireland my home country thats so fun", and immediatly hes in northern ireland
Came from infamous swoosh
Ngl this is more interesting than my assignment 💀
I LIVE IN BELFAST
So cool noticing all the different animators
"Fair warning for my American viewers may not understand. In England, it is illegal to date your siblings." This line I can't-
This hits different in VR
As someone from Belfast, Tommy was on point about the weather. It is ALWAYS grey.
You guys relise that I was not expecting HAMINATIONS AND THEODD1SOUT + I WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS ONE GUY LUMPY TOUCH THE SAME GUY THAT WORKED ON GARFIELD GAMEBOYD
Did not expect to see a very random and not at all popular Irishman in this video. Very cool
Tommy, it is illegal to date your siblings in America as well. We do understand.
jack doing his cultchie irish accent for belfast😭😭 imagine him doing a northern ireland accent
I WROTE THE WORD “FUNNY” WHY DIDNT IT WORK
let me tell you i FREAKED out when i saw sadists animation
the fact i recognized almost every single animator’s style 💀
This was awesome, and the George part was my favorite!
Lmao, this is hilaryus
Yo this is such a cool video! so many animators involved
At around the 4 min mark my brain went straight to "SWEET HOHE ALABAMA"
important question: does EM know about jump in the cadilac?
Seeing all these amazing Animators come together to Animate one of Tommy's videos is so cool! :D
I Freaking LOVE THIS <3 Good job to the animation team and to everyone who was apart of this!!!!!
ik take it from someone who lives in Belfast, u were not unlucky evry thing is shit here
ICE CREAM SANDWICH!!! can we get a new video please...
Yes… yes it is very nice!    Holy fuck. I was pissing myself laughing at this one line for a solid minute and a half.   I’m not gonna to ask wtf is wrong with me, Because I know there are in fact many things wrong with me :)
'TO GO BE WITH HIS HUSBAND'  Love how Tommy is a DNF shipper and so subtle. And I also love how much time and effort he puts in his videos.  Loved this vid. Just Tommy, his gf, his stupid bffs, wilbur (he deserves his own section thank you very much). All of it.
BAHAAHA THE DESCRIPTION NOO
I wonder how she felt about the whole 'Marrying' Tubbo thing-
Had a absolute BLAST working on this video! Thank you Tommy for having me on board
Mans animation looks like the show hamintion
TOMMY BIG DNF/JK
Why is Ice Cream Sandwich not in the desc? 😭😭 THE VIDEO LOOKS SO COOL BTW
HAMMY BOY?!?!!!
i like how icecreamsandwich's animatiob is so remarquable
Tommy.  Please know that Belfast in Northern Ireland and does not reflect the part that isnt in the UK
I’m gonna steal your girlfriend.
Every time I see a video that has multiple animators in it, it makes me feel good when you can tell that they are switching. This is because nobody is stealing other people's art style or  just art.
Beautiful
Cool video
im crying rn sad-ist was part of this
Tommy u need to know on Sundays nothing is open
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂😂
Wilbur fr being Tommys big brother
That was the best animation I've ever seen.
haminator
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!!!
loved this video!
Wish this had subtitles like most of your videos, it's hard for some of us to understand what's being said :(
Ok honestly I laughed at the joke about Americans dating siblings and I am American😂😂😂
THIS IS SO COOL- everyone did a great job lmao.
I’m just here to figure out how he got a gf cause if he can get a girlfriend there’s definitely hope for me
This is hilarious btw and i love how you made the pub owner jack
He should do this more
4:00 This made me laugh more than it should have😂
He has to do more animated videos he’s really good at these
YOU FORGOT TO MENTION ICE CREAM SANDWICH IN THE DESCRIPTION!!!!
4:34 George is dreaming about marry with dream-
4:33 w h a t
I know we joke about Tommy being the biggest Dnfer… but like… oh my god.
THIS IS THE BEST VIDEO I HAVE EVER WATCHED    And I've watched a lot of videos
George being so over-the-top is incredibly accurate I like to believe
7:00 I SWEAR ITS BECAUSE YOU DIDNT EAT POTATOES AND DRINK A LOT OF BEER
ICECREAM SANDWHICH YEAHHHH
you didn't mention icecreamsandwich :(
This was so cool to see a collab of some animators I really love making a Tommy video, great work everyone!
Which section is Crumb's?
4:01 i get it, SWEET HOME ALABA-
Fell off
Loved the fact that Sad-ist had part in animating this, also, I want the man/woman to be praised for putting Technoblade's Youtooz in the shelf at 0:37 (Technoblade never dies ✊🏾), Jacksepticeye's cameo was a nice surprise, overall, I enjoyed this vid for giving me a laugh
Tommyinnit, there's a reason we all say belfast is a shit hole
4:33  HE SAID GEORGE MEETING WITH HUSBAND THEN SHOWED A PIC OF DREAMMMMM!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Man probably traumatised every person who saw them together and didn’t know they where dating but the gogy one omg i was wheezing wtf that was simply hilarious
As someone living in Ireland, the fact you paid to be here is the worst news I've heard all day. Never return, save yourselves.
Yeah, even though Northern Ireland is apart of the uk, as an Irish person myself I have to say LITERALLY EVERYTHING IS GREY AND CLOSED, I’m not joking there’s a beer factory down the road from where I live and it’s ONLY colour is *Grey*
That's pretty cool
Your girlfriend looks likes one of my aunts and another couple of my cousins
Incorrect Tommy Ireland wasn't the problem... IT WAS ENGLAND BECAUSE YOU WERE IN NORTHEN IRELAND WHICH IS OWNED BY ENGLAND AND NORTHEN IRELAND IS NOTHING LIKE THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND
ARE WE NOT GONNA TALK AB HOW THE BACKGROUND IN 0:36 IS THE BI FLAG GRADIENT ..also Tommy can u pls pls reply
Love that ice cream sandwich is here
George: SWEET HOME ALABAMA
I was dying of laughter when Tommy said *right before George moves to Florida to meet his husband* then there is an animated picture of dream*
fear
Tommy - “Just killed a women ,feeling good “ Tommy’s gf - Yeah he’s my boyfriend
Did tommy really say he's dating someone like himself.
That was a good video mmmmm........
I'm late to the video buuut-  HAPPY 12 MILLION TOMMY!!
hmmmmmm i am subcribed to 267 youtubers and many animators are the ones i subscribed
Haminations...
crumb managing to fit both an ace attorney reference and an evangelion reference in her bit is so cool i love her
why is tommy doing the alternate dance XD
HEY TOMMY.ITS MY BIRTHDAY SO THANK YOU FOR THIS GREAT PRESENT!!!
YAS Another vid with jacksepticeye having an appearance!!
you forgot to put icecream sandwich in the animators credits
I don't mind more of such videos
Did Wilbur ask if she liked anteaters?
I knew I recognized that Sad-ist artstyle
LOLLLLS NAWWWWWW
JACK AS THE IRISH RESTAURANT OWNER IM CRYING
bro it premierd 69 minuts ago
Oddonesout
the george not found part was funny did you have sister
tommy ireland is go
I love seeing so many amazing animations I recognized this was really cool
Ice cream sandwiche as well bro
to be sdaing in ireland you need to be a man
I've only watched 15 seconds in and im guessing that the animator of this is haminations, bc it looks like his style ngl
Heeey, congrats on 12 mil, my man! Happy for ye, been watching you since... Long! Ya deserved it, king!
It's out! Everyone did an amazing job on this ^o^  Boarding Swoosh's part for this was so exciting. Thank you Swoosh and Tommy for this opportunity ^v^
YAY
where's icecreamsandwhich in the description
Seeming Tommy animated in so many of my favorite animators styles was absolutely amazing! Love the vid, funny as always and hearing about Em was great. She seems super cool :] congrats Tom
Haminations ?! I thought I recognized the animation style
BEST HOW TO BE A BF TUTORIAL....
"My viewers in America may not understand its illegal to date siblings." That quote had me dying.
the fact that there are SO MANY animators in this is so awesome i keep freaking out about recognising someone's art style!!
Just a normal day
4:33 is the truth
goerge must have heard this SWEET HOME ALABAMA
just a normal day on youtube
I loved every second of this
I love the changing styles of the animations! It is so cool!
One of the best videos you ever done love you!
this is hamanimations animate style
owo
“HOW MANY DRUGS DO YOU DO?”  *Out of nervousness* “Yep.”
NO WAY I LOVE THESES ANIMATORS
unfunny
Odd1sout animated tommyinnit again? Love to see it
He's growing up too fast 😭
Tommy i had one like yours, Your in for a ride brother...
Tommy I’m Irish  (Not a joke)
Bro haminations art style matches Tommy so well
LET'S GOO THIS IS EPIC AF
the animations were crazy, loved the cameos too!
The "in my defense..."  WAS SO FUNNY
"Thank you Ireland, very cool" yup
Good to know you enjoyed your time in Ireland :)
congrats on 12 million subs😎
Why don't ask Jaiden animations to do something like this with her?
Coming from an irish lad myself the second you said ireland I knew you messed up.
The style..the storyline..everything is perfect <3
Its Like odd1out
Don’t listen to them, ur vids are amazing :)
im irish and ... yes:l
What
Bro got the AVENGERS of animating on this. this is AWESOME
tbh tom i don't like ur content that much (yes i find u annoying) but this video was THE BEST one i've seen (could be cause i didn't see ur face in it)
HAMINATIONS???
Tubbo took a moment to realise Tommy actaully gets maidens  4:34 Tommy is still a professional DNF shipper
Everyone in the description except IceCreamSandwich 😂
its illegal to date your sibling here too even in alabama im not sure why you thought otherwise
we need more story time
2:13 WHY DID HE HAVE TO DO THE 179° ANGLE BRUHH
It’s amazing how I could recognize a fair few of the animators just from their animation style alone. They all have such unique art styles.
nice
STOP ANIMATING
Haminations is one of my favorite YouTubes because he funny I can’t believe you talked to him and got him to help on the video wow crazy mate
DUDE this video is INCREDIBLE!!! Hilarious as always but oh my goshhhh all the great animation! So cool to see so many people participating in this cool project and awesome to be able to recognise the different artists through their styles!
funny how i can recognize all the different types of animators just based off their animation style.
TOMMMMYYYY MY MAN
12 mil finally
Was this animated by hamination?
did you not credit ice cream sandwich
I still haven’t seen the girlfriend, só to me it’s still not true😁
This animation reminds me of hamnimations
this is gold
Wait a damn minute aren't you married to tubbo
I love every minute it is rather a prank or a sign of regret....🤣
Omg I was cry laughing when Jack started talking 😂😂😂😂😂
Bro u should of went to Dublin cause its amazing
4:34 HUSBAND?!?!
damn. Tommy really just dissed the 600 million+ americans in one line
the jacksepticeye part was priceless
Congrats on 12 mil tommy!!
You dontnhave a girlfriend your lying she's fake
W you went to belfast
Hope you’re both having a good day
the little animated details are the best part lmaooo
THIS IS SO CUTE STOP
And oh Tommy some of these things you should have now 😂
The second Tommy got a girlfriend he lost his gamer powers
I love the different styles of animations which we get to see throughout this
Sean really threw me off there lol
Tommy deserves to be happy with someone who likes him👍
Disappointed he said "to my american viewers" instead of "my alabaman viewers"
As a person who goes to Belfast allot Tommy described it perfectly. Everything is always closed and it’s gray as anything 😿
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO
Sadist and everyone else totally killed this
I love the changing in art styles :)
wasn't this on stream
this is one of my favourtie tommyinnit videos
wot
Animated????
I'm happy to be able to tell everyones animation style  Like opp that's hammations n stuff
omg I love all the animators stylesss
HI
CONGRATULATIONS ON 12 MILLION KING
SUS  🤨
Very cool
I like how you can tell which part is animated by what YouTuber
hi. i havent watched this video yet. anyways, i love the bit that ice cream sandwich did. hes cool. bye!
we need more
this is so cool :D
This is absolutely amazing king! Super happy I didn't have school today or I would've missed the premiere! Super happy you uploaded and can't wait for what you have in store B)
jack in the end literally made me surprised me 😭😭
I’m sorry Tommy but JUMP IN THE CATALAC GIRL LETS PUT SOME SMILES ON IT
Tommy finally got a girl😂
4:33 Is no one gonna talk about this??
Wait what
Welp , this is going into the book of epic crossovers         Like , theres so much cool animators in this video that i like , its awesome :D         And scince i know about a lot of them i can figure out wich animator animated wich part
its been forever finnaly uploaded this video
You forgot the credit ice cream sandwich
Being from Belfast, that last part was quite relatable 🙂
YES HAMINATIONS LETS GOOO  Edit: ALSO ICECREAMSANWITCH WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
THE ODD1SOUT AAAAHHH /POSPOSPOS
The irish animation is just the cherry on top...!
The fact that tommy sounds like he's done that "oh that's my sister" prank like it's a normal thing to do concernes me           als-SWEET HOME ALABAMA
Idk how but I somehow missed that one video
Me crying cause i couldnt spot jaidenanimations
Wilbur be making the real questions
Anyone gonna talk abt the dani reference with the "Thank you Ireland very cool" Who else misses Dani
i immediately knew that hannimations animated the first part
IT'S A GRIL
Jack 💀😭
Tommy advice: Never go to northern Ireland just go to republic of Ireland it is way better
HAMINATIONS MADE THIS
I watched this three times
I knew Haminations animated a part of this, his style and humour are so clear.
Did you trap animators in your basement
Really funny stories, and really good animations!
This was so cool 👌🏻
The issue is you went to Belfast you fool, go to anywhere else BUT BELFAST and you will have a 100x better time
Omg so many animators i know! I havent seen them in a while! Great story btw it's really funny I hope you two have a great relationship
JACKSEPTICEYE
MY BOY GOT 12M
Congrats on 12 mil, dude!
YOOO so many great animators!!   I have been waiting for this 😁   I’m class rn wish me luck I don’t get in trouble lol
*Sigh*  children grow up so fast..😔
Tommy how could you be so dumb. Ireland doesn't exist.
Hmm... maybe next time tommy should let a General Lifeform and Disc Operating System animate his videos.
I loved the part with Sean
Tommy anime what!?!?!
**WAIT I DIDN’T REALIZE CRUMB IS IN THIS?? WHATT-**
As soon as I saw the animation style I FREAKED. I LOVE hamination and the odd1sout and stuff like that!
Yeez i love this animation
I KNEW IT, when I first saw the animation style I though “haminations” and after checking the description I was right lol.
Jack at the end was awesome.
How is that flirting?
ALL MY FAVORITE ANIMATORS IN ONE VIDEO!!!!
this was an utter fever dream. 10/10.
THEODD1SOUT
Pretty nice.
God I’ve missed sadist so much
“The following my American viewers may not understand”
3:59 Alabama needs to get itself together
The animation made it a 1000% funnier.
Never knew Haminstions would animated tommy
1:21 IceCreamSandwitch is the goat of animations
5:27 it wasn’t until i got into a relationship that i realized that accidentally flirting is EASIER THAN YOU THINK 💀🧍🏽‍♀️
Loved this
6:46 WOW I did NOT see Sean being featured in this in ANY universe
I like cuptoast's and AdamX's
Tommy is goated and no likes
The fact that so many animators were involved in the making of this video makes me very happy. Especially SAD-ist's part, brings back nostalgia from when I first saw her DreamSMP animatics. I used to watch a few of the animators aswell back when I was younger so that brings back some good times.
WAIT!! DID BRYSON ANIMATE THIS
Can you give me a shout out plz
woah
This animation is familiar
This was outstanding, im surprised tommy could get this many good animators. They all did an awesome job. It also had my favorite animators in it!
You NEED more animated videos like dhis
Tubbo just stops and says hello deeply
This was amazing
Ö
Best character? Jack. Also: "Thank you Ireland. very cool." ..."Thank you Hypixel."
0:21 it is not a haminations animation without the main person going god mode on some poor innocent being   Edit: help I started a chain
HAMINATIONS ❤
̶Y{̶o̶o̶o̶o̶o̶o
I know those haminations and swoosh styles when i see them shoutout to the goats tbh 🐐
The evolution of the Tommy   Man baby ——>man child———> man boy ———>man teenager——-> Man Tommy is currently at man teenager
52 minutes
Wilbur is a treasure.
Did Haminations make the first part?
Daddy
SADIST ❤
Omlllll odd ones out help out
Just before moving to Florida to go be with his husband 😭😭😭
the animations on this are incredible congrats to everyone involved, except freddy
You didn’t give credit to icecreamsandwich is the description >:(
52 mintunes wow
I didn’t think that you would make a vid animated but with more than one animator This video is about to be amazing 💯
he really changed from child to man in a day.
we need more videos like this IM BEGGING
I love how animators just help other people for videos even if they're working on one themselves or not. Its also just great how easy it is to tell if someone else in animating and you can just point out who it is straight away.
4:02 LMFAOOO BYE
Lol
ICECREAMSANDWICH
Tommy animated
4:00 nah you didn’t have to do us Americans like that
Tommy and his girlfriend constructing Mortal Instruments levels of incest scares for no good reason okay 💀
YES ITS ANIMATED
7
This. Was. Amazing.
women
That was good
What a huge collab  no one was expecting! Great video, loved seeing all the different art styles!
Tommy please take care of Em😭 I’m so happy you guys are dating and I’m glad you finally got a girlfriend know the rules.
Nah bro in America we call dating siblings Alabamians and they get thrown in prison in the good ol state sweet home Alabama
Yo soo ummm tommy- let's say you and your gf break up- WHICH I HOPE WOULD NOT HAPPEN AND IT WILL NOT. But if it does can I have her👉👈
TO ALL THE ARTISTS YOU FUCKING NAILED IT . I LOVE YOU ALL !!  TOMMY YOU ARE THE MOST NICEST DNFER !!! YOU WILL ALWAYS HOLD MY HEART TO WHATEVER YOU DO ♥♥♥♥♥
Waiting to see how many people comment "Northern Ireland not Ireland"
Tubbo went completely silent when there was a woman...
HELLO
tommy is slowly becoming a story time animator
lol xd
I just love for the animators participating In this
Posted 47 minutes ago
This is such a cool way to showcase these animators. I follow almost all of these guys and it's so cool seeing their work in an official Tommyinnit video
Us term jdub
To go be with his husband 💀💀💀  4:33
Alternate title: how to equal negative boyfriend status in real life
LOVED all the different art styles! awesome video lad and props to the animators!!
I wish Technoblade was still here to ask if she's read her boyfriends “how to sex” series 🤣😂
This was really funny to watch. Good work Tommy!
This video is so cool, the ending was quite sudden, really made me want to see more animations 🥲 hoping to see more in the future! very fun 💯 kudos to all animators
EEK! I love theOdd1sout animation! Also, congrats Bro for getting a girlfriend, perhaps there is hope for all of us!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
this has got to be probably my favorite video by tommyinnit
This is amazing as all ways, and I honestly thought when you first introduced her she was fake until I saw her and hand and heard her voice, another tip Tommy, if she says she is fine, she is not- Just saying bc ur Tommy you don’t pick up on that stuff 😂😂
I KNEW hamimation had something to do with that’s i recognised that art style in the beginning
As an Irish man, I would like to apologize for the bad burger
This is perfection
If he does Girlfriend Stories 2, he should talk about the nudist resort lol
This was genuinely SO COOL, THE DESIGNS WERE SO AMAZING, im so surprised on how well made this was, a short video but goddamn it was one of the best videos ive seen so far this year, i hope this blows up because GODDAMN THIS IS COOL
the fact that i know all theese animators is wierd
Soon be kids
Wow, I am … I am really proud of you, Tommy
Epic video actually, my fav in a bit
Wilbur stare is so easy to picture x)
Tom are you okay?
This is honestly so cool
1:45 I love icecreamsandwiches animation. Perfect
You went to BELFAST they always closed :^
"Just before he moved to Florida to be with his Husband" is the best start to a sentence about Gogy ever.  (4:30)
I just hope your relationship is uhm....Fine :)
all the different animation styles was so cool this was hilarious!!! really awesome video tommy :)
thats epic
Hamnation will still keep the creepy stuff
all my favorite animators and my favorite youtuber all mixed into one video, a masterpiece😌
I love seeing all the different animators do their own parts! That was really cool!
“Just before moving to Florida to be with his husband-“ I cant.
THE CRUMB AND SAD-IST ANIMATIONS OMG I MUST MARRY THEIR ARTSTYLES
5:45 fliriting lmao
did you go to fish city in Belfast
1718th comment LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!V!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!VV!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this was so entertaining it literally felt so much shorter than 7 minutes omg
Jack voicing the irish person made me wheeze
This is epic 🤩
Dont worry tommy its just an act we do every time a british person comes over
:D
big shoutout to Em for having to go through the adventures with Tommy. 😅
you are weird
I LOVE ALL THE ANIMATION STYLESSS THATS SO COOL
Wait, I recognize that art style
5:46 yeaaaaaa balls 😑
WOAH ITS COMPLEXLYROSS WOAHHH
I miss techno sa bad.
Omg I love this 😭😭😭
😂
Hearing jack again in your video made me laugh
Why different animations from different youtubers my favourite ones were on like haminatons icecreamsandwich and odd1sout
jacksepticeye.
Amazing
IceCreamSandwich's animation is just chefs kiss mwuah!
How does this man have a girlfriend.... and you guys dont. Shame on you. And me....
dont worry Tommy Ireland loves you to.. ya.. pretty much all i have to say
cupTOAST HELPED WHAT :)
WTF THERE'S 1.6K OR SUOMETHING IN THIS VIDEO AND IT WAS LITERALLY 42 MINUTES AGO IN MY PART
is this why ice cream sandwiches upload schedule has simply given up
:0
TOM THATS SO COOL OF YOU I REALLY LOVE THE STORIES
Did you forget ice cream sandwich in the description?
Lol i need more
That was some poggers animation
4:34 tommy you did not.. 😭😻
AAAAAAAAAAH
Wow i am surpised that tommy posts an animated video nice
Poor James's team had to help animate this.
Nothing makes me happier than animators. you all did GREAT!
Hamination
0:03 "My clone that is always dancing (DO NOT SET FREE)" LMAO
12 MILLION!!!! CONGRATS TOMMY
"Aw Balls"
Me reí mucho, demaciado, porfavor ayuda me estoy cagando de risa no puedo parar (Amo) 😭
tommy april fools is only in 2 months just wait until it is april 1st
I'm from Ireland bitch boy
5:55 TOMMYINNIT!!!!
THIS IS AMAZING WAAAHHH LOVE SEEING SUCH A COOL COLLABORATIONS BETWEEN LOADS OF BRILLIANT ARTISTS
This was greater
1:44 yeah thats actually not true 70 percent of relationship ends with a divorce
tommy is such a bad boyfriend.  I LOVE IT
did this man just insinuate the majority of Americans are pro incest I can't _hhh_
HE HAD ME DYING WHEN HE SAID A WEEK BEFORE HE WENT TO SEE HIS HUSBAND
OK. this video was hilarious, fckng amazing
2:41 is that fucking herobrine
ey a poland
2:09 he’s jealous
He needs EVERYONE to know that he has a girlfriend
man i loved watching this!
12 mill :)
39 minutes ago
This animation is sick bro!
WHY DID SOME OF THE ANIMATORS MAKE TOMMY SO SMALL LMFAO
"a following my American viewers won't quite understand- in England, it is illegal to date your sibling." the comedy gold from that one bit
Bruh as soon as the video started I knew haminations had something to do with it
LOVE YOUR VIDS
epic
SAD-ist: *animates the last bit *  Me who didnt know: .... WAIT I KNOW YOU
You guys are the best straight couple I've seen so far
Em going in on the prank against George is so funny 😭😭
It’s fun when you watch most of these animators and can recognize their style when it appears
THIS IS FREAKING AMAZING
I love this 💀
People who didn’t laugh at this vid must have covid because one of the main symptoms is no taste 😂
3:53 oh no its a shinji reference (i hope tommy doesnt wank to hospitalized girls)
This video was epic! I actually loved all of the different unique animation styles :D
Child 👦 man 👨 has girlfriend 👧
The way I gasped when I heard Jackspeticeye
SO MANY RAD ANIMATORS THIS IS SO COOL
I FUKIN LOVE how they put jacksepticeye in the animation
"Vikkstar would be proud"
loving that theicecreamsandwich animated the best friends part it worked so well ><
Please do more of this I love it so much it’s maybe even one of my favourite TommyInnit videos
"My American viewers may not understand but it is illegal to date your sibling." Me and my sister wife will never watch your videos again
I love that it’s telling the same stories but you can tell the distinct style of each animator
Thought this wouldn’t be my type of video but i couldn’t stop laughing lol
. . .🗿
As an American I can confirm we all date our siblings.
i Love all the diffrent animation styles that came together for this
I AM DYING- EVERY SINGLE SECOND HELP
I enjoyed all of this video. But my favorite part is when Wilbur said "How many drugs do you do?!", I almost die at that part.
Mouth wide open.
THIS WAS SO FUNNY AND ALL THE ANIMATORS WERE SO EPIC I LOVED THIS
This animation reminds me of haminations
😂 so funny
Elei
"to go be with his husband" im laughing so hard i swear
I'm sorry but a month of non uploading for this? not worth it, not worth it at all...
YESSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISS
this doesn't feel like a video it feels like someone just liked this part of a stream and animated it
You’re becoming kinda lame now ngl fr
jack 😂
Animated by haminations I bet as it’s his kinds of style
Man now I want more Tommy should create a new channel called Tommy animations for his animations
This was so cool ngl
I knew exactly who animated the intro, I know that art style anywhere
3:45 okay, but abruptly asking about sharks and continents absolutely sounds like a thing Wilbur would do
It's OK Tommy. Me and my girlfriend starting dating 3 weeks ago and I am still VERY bad at it. You are not alone in this fella.
tommy has ascended
CONGRATS TO 12 mil!🙀🎉🎉🎉🎉
This is the best animation ever! Big thank to the other animators who help
0:30 🗿🗿🗿
lovely thumbnail BHAHAA
WHOOOOOO ICE CREAM SANDWICH
Evangelion reference 😂 3:53
Genuinely hilarious. One of your best videos ever!
AYO HAMINATIONS DID AN EXCELLENT JOB
Icecream sad with
lol XD this is great
The animation looks very VERY familiar
Hanimationssssss
I love your channel Tommy!!!
XD
“if you want to know how to be a good bf then— click off.”   that was so unexpected 😭  ALSO THE FACT TUBBO WAS JUST STANDING THERE LIKE “..hi? so anyways–“
just realized how similar tommyinnit looks to haminations
I SWEAT TO GOD WHEN MY JAW DROPPED WHEN I SAW SADIST ANIMATE 6:49
6:45
i laughed so hard at jack at 6:45
WAIT HAMINATIONS HOW
TOMMY SUPPORTS IRISH UNIFICATION
Samuan do a animation of this but evrybary ie dragons from fings of fire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLIZ I NID THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xD
my muslim brothers this bf/gf bs is haram
jackseptickeye cameo was the best
@AdamX_  animations is so cool! It gives me Rise of the TMNT feels and I love it.
This is possibly one of the best animated videos ive seen. Good job tommy and his editors :D
Gotta love how we can tell Sean is still Sean even when he's speaking absolute gibberish
"Gogy, its been 5 months" 😂😂🤣
the  fact that i can recognise saddist and other artist  bit very easily is saying a lot 😂
5:06 FINALLY..HE…HE FINALLY KISSED.
Jeah Tommy is a real dnf shipper.
our boi’s old now
tHE ONLUY TIME I MMEARLY
This is great! But why isn’t icecreamsandwich mentioned in the description
SWEET HOME
this is such a cool video
Hey only Alabama does that
Omg love the new style
ice cream sandwich?
didnt expect to see shasean but tis nice
Sweet home alabama
Welcome to that club... I was one of those friend thats over protective. When one of my friend is dating we send then on trail to see if its trustworthy.
MMMOOORRREEE
Haminations best animator
I’ve been waiting for this! AAAAA
Quite the story you have. It made my day. 😂
XD animated tommy cant hurt you Animated tommy-
4:00 Tommy. Did you just imply that in the US it is perfectly legal for you to date your sibling? Please, don’t compare the rest of use to those Alabamians.
I was so happy when i saw icecream sandwich 😃😃😃😃
this is truly one of THE best videos ever its funny its..well its just funny nice work everyone who worked on this!
tommeh-innit
3:53 Evanglion
Imagine if meat canyon was here 💀
I miss when he played Bedwars when he told these
ANIMATORS
Not the DNF joke
"HOW MANY DRUGS DO WE DO" I AM DYING
It was fun working with you :)
THIS IS SO AWESOME!°!!
The visuals stole the show for me to be honest, I genuinely couldn't stop laughing at all the weird little facial expressions and visual gags
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT HAMINATION!! AND SWOOSH DAMN
One sec, about the bike riding part.  A, it's not terrible boyfriend behavior, it's terrible girlfriend behavior. You have to be honest and straightforward with your partner, miss me with that bullshit. Red flag. Straight up.  Okay now something else.  B, Making a joke about being the coolest to a girl is NOT flirting.  It's not flirting unless it was your intention to be flirting.  At the moment I'm getting the idea that Em is not very emotionally mature, yet anyway. These are things to work on though cause this is definitely a problem.
YOOO holy crap this is awesome. Love seeing all these animators come together!!
THIS VIDEO IS SO GOOD LIKE WHAT
Don’t go to Belfast Tom, go to GALWAY
That sounds exactly like something Wilbur would ask.  XD
he didnt credit icecreamsandwich??
yeeeeeeeee sean killed ittttt
SO MANY OF MY FAVORITES ARE IN THIS OH MY HESUS
That isn't Odd1sout thats haminatiom
weirdly i thought this was cool 👍🏻 good job tommy and other animators included 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
this is so good omfg
haminations style lol
Is she drista
.
best outro music for this channel
I loved all the different art styles!
Ayooo
Tommy i love u
HAMINATIONS!?
THIS WAS SO FUNNY OMG 😭😭😭
13m early
Ngl, Jacksepticeye’s cameo was a jump scare ✌🏻
4:23 is anyone gonna talk about this? No? Ok.         "To go with his husband" I love this.
lol
Much enjoyed, great job tommyinnit!
CRUUUUUMMMMMBBBBBB!!!!!!!!!!
the jacksepticeye cameo was class
I would die for more gf/sibling pranks content from Tommyh 😩🙏
YOO
YOOOOO
It was so much fun identifying all of the different art styles, and you'r storys wer so fun!
I realised Ice Cream Sandwich wasn't in the description
This was so funny 😭
0:30 Chad Crumb got downsized in the animation. She’s way more jacked.
Hell yes this was great
im now laughing my rear off
I immediately  recognized  theodd1sout and ice cream sandwich
bruh i love the people who animted this shit, they always got wquality content
i don’t think i’ve ever seen one of George’s friends not ever make a DNF joke 😭
This is why 50% of relationships end in breakups
jacksepticeye animated by SAD-ist is so cool omg
tommys contents slippin ever since he got the gf. like actual boring a f now. bout to start seeing his sub count take a nose dive if he keeps this up
I watch a lot of these animators hdjdijsjsjsjsjdhskeh
As a northern Irish person, I lost my fucking shit at him taking his girlfriend to Belfast
I MISSED TEH RELECE BECAUSE OF YOUTUBE BUT I WAITED SO LONG!!!
Loved this so much
this is phenomenal-  I feel bad for Em tho
remember what Larry used to edit lol
…
Tommy was definitely debating on cannibalism if the two of them couldn’t find a place to eat.
jacksepticeyes accent was the peak
This animation reminds me of @haminations 0:00 @ice cream sandwich 1:24 2:35 I have no idea what this is 3:21 I don’t know what this animation is either 3:57 @Theodd1sout I don’t know What this is 4:30 idk 5:18 5:55 ? I don’t know who made this 6:37
tom.
Tommyinnit has got more rizz than most YouTubers ngl
tommy the grimbly 4:40
Has she met ranboo bc ranboo is very slay
oh lord-
Dod Haminations animate this?
THE PART WITH SEAN FUCKING KILLED ME OML 💀
WTH
the best!!!
HE WAS IN BELFAST I COULD HAVE MET HIM
Great job to all the animators! I loved each and every style and visual jokes everyone had to offer.
This was such a fun video and I LOVE JACKSEPTICEYE!
A
idk what to comment
big crack animated boi
Tommy you stole my favorite animators to make this video. Thank you.
from child to girlfriend haver
HIIIII TOMMY !!!!! 😂😅🤣
The 50% of relationships end in failure statistics is actually outdated and untrue.
the Belfast slander is something i will not stand for as a northern irish person lol
CLAIM YOUR HERE IN 1 HOUR TICKET     👌( ･ㅂ･)و💰
props to all the animators, like holy crap they are so talented.
WE NEED MORE OF THIS!!!😅❤
I enjoyed that :)
cloud. mate. bortha. akhe . GOOD FUCKING JOB GETTING ONE OF THEM WOMEN
ayy, hamination animated some of this!
jacksepticeye is terrifying lmao One of my favorite videos! Good job Tommy and the animators!
I need an ireland translator my adhd can only do so much
:)
This was so cool thanks tommy XD
I WANT MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS
You can see all the youtubers editing style
nice bro nice
HAHAHAHAH
LMAO
AAAA THIS IS SO COOL. I love how diverse the art style is, it's so fresh
Cadillac Outro
HE HAS BEEN ANIMATED AGAIN YES
TOMMY INNIT ACTUALLY HAS GIRLFRIEND STORIES!??!?!!?!!!??!?!?!
Tommy's prank with George was more funny then any of the pranks she had ever made before
tommy NORTHERN IRELAND AND IRELAND ARENT THE SAME
Alright I gotta admit. That was awesome. Also Tommy what the crap 😭
I think you forgot icecreamsandwich in the description. Great video though, good job to all the animators   Edit: it was fixed
As an Irish person accents are very hard to understand (come to Dublin)
why isnt ice cream sandwich credited as an animator?
the fact that bryson got the first bit is awesome
Sheeeeeesh this was…
Finally, Tom is in his true form.
1:22/7:13   Oh look their my house    I can see city
this is so cool! I *personally* liked sad-ist and ice-cream sandwich's parts and they made me laugh so hard.
Tommy's animated dance is the same dance that ralsei does in deltarune let's go lmao
Potato :)
ALREADY OFF TO A GREAT START, DUDE LOL
as someone from ni belfast is accurate! should’ve come to the country though
The description😭
Love this. When a Tommy video comes out you know it will be a good day. ❤ thanks Tommy.
W RIZZ
First hour gang I V
So Tommy is a little troller now BRILLIANT WELL DONE
im scared
Yes YESSSS return to the animated storytime videos. I miss when these were more popular!!!
Whoever did the Pokémon animation was amazing!
CAP. BULLSH*T. no way yall b*tches went to ireland for a date?!?! LIKE WTF!?!?
EHY IS THIS SO FUCKIN' EPIIIICCCCC!!!
Among us
Was the waighter Jack.lamo
i can’t help but be a little shocked that Tommy wasn’t joking (lmao no hate)
Bro legit took every animater hostage
This was so funny omg
omg thats litterally 60% of all animators on youtube for one tommyinnit video wtf
All the animation styles are so cute
Animated TommyInnit is amazing!
6:46 as an Irish person can confirm, I do sound like this
I've been waiting and it was worth it 👌 very nice tommy
Honestly the fact that your girlfriend sounds so patient given all the shenanigans that happened sounds like you got a good one Tommy. Treat her well and I wish both of you the best 💙🤍
you look like grian
I could tell it was Haminations basic style
Why did the Irish waiter look like jacksepticy, don't judge my spelling
THIS IS SO SO SO COOL!!!
YOOOO ANIMATIONS!!!!
The animation just makes its 1000 TIMES BETTER XD i love how it switches throught different animation styles truely a master piece XD   GOd SpeED
that "I need better friends" hit hard for me
hey Tommy if you and your girlfriend breakup I,m going to let you know I,m always here for you king ☺️😊💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 love you tommy bye thanks for always being here for me since 2022☺️😊💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 (extra hearts bc I wove you 😍✨)
4:00 i absolutely died at this part, honestly one of the best tommyinnit jokes ive heard
YAY! ADVICE!!!!! okay  1. be white = Check 2.Blood hair = Check 3.skinny= check 4.have a youtube channel = check 5. british = w.i.p
i can hear the anger in the irish after being called part of the uk
YOU WENT TO IRELAND AND DIDNT VISIT ME???
I cant believe hanimations animated this vid, W
Congrats on 12 mil Tommy. You've earned it :). You have put a smile on my face with every video over the past nearly 3 years. Keep up the good work :)
I watched all of the animators individually and seeing them all is amazing!       Glad to see Sadist work again, mixing with best drawings and comedy
SAD-ist!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😍
I LOVE THIS-
Part two! Part two! Part two!
LMAO-
Can't believe we never actually found out what her favorite shark is
seeing icecream sandwich here is so cool
SUCH A GIID VIDEO AAAA
This is absolutely amazing! only ***
This adds further evidence that ALL of TommyInnit’s friends (With the exception of Ph1LzA and maybe Slimecicle) have less than 2 brain cells at any given time.
I remember when Tommy was just learning to ride a bike and now he's taking his girlfriend for a ride it's so touching to see Tommy grow up
I love the water one
Tommy, did you r*** TheOdd1sOut?
He is not a bitchless man anymore!!!
Animated tommy isn't real he can't hurt you Animated tommy:
Always luv theodd1sout
Let's just admire how good this freaking Animation is so good!!!
Just found out tommy came to belfast. Thats where i live AND I DIDNT SEE HIM
I like how tubbo just talked about tubnet and if tubbo sees this I hope your server grows huge this year because I love it and hope for the best of tubnet
wilbur is the best brother frfr
So that why sadist hasn't posted yet......
@TommyInnit Thank you, I know you might not see this but truly, thank you.
As a fellow artist I appreciate Mr innit for supporting the animators lately, it truly makes me happy to see them all getting the exposure and business they deserve
BRO THIS IS AMAZING GOOD JOB ANIMATORS
"just before he went to Florida to be with his husband" omg tommy u know too 😃
“TO MOVE IN WITH HIS HUSBAND” HAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU TOMMY
So what did we learned from this video animation? Tubbo is still Tubbo when ranting about his favorite things he passionate about, Freddie and Tommy might have a slight strained friendship when you talk about all relationships ended in disaster (which I somewhat agreed with) Wilbur fucking interrogated Em like a goddamn criminal, Tommy being oblivious about Em not wanting to continue cycling anymore, Tommy and Em pranking the waiters and George acting like siblings and then boom. They just sent psychic damage on anyone might seen that. Ohhh what did I forget oh yea, Tommy didn't knew him accidentally flirting on a woman in front of his own Girlfriend EM, like Dude that's so fucking awkward like what??? and the cream of the top is when Em and Tom went to Ireland and Ireland being Ireland ruined their travelling experience with an worse burger being made. And all stores being closed. Anyway Keep it up mate.
4:00 iconic
LOL
ONE OF MY FAVORITES TOMMY, IVE SEEN THESE ANIMATORS AND LOVE ALL YOUR WORK 😃👍 ps: don't flirt with another employee, thats how Freddie's words become an actual reality...
i can litterally recognise the style of each animator that worked on this
dunno what you expected really going to belfast, the only people who like that place are masochists.
Epic videooo
Tubbo at the door though 🤣
actualy the video was really good like its the best thing i seen every time it would change the animated character
I love the way they sometimes transition into the other animators parts and sometimes just switchs
YIPEE
THIS VIDEO MADE ME SO HAPPY OH MY GOD- just being able to point out all the different animators i recognized just brought me so much joy. amazing video!!!
Hello big man
caught me off guard when i saw the haminations artstyle, i thought it was going to be just odd1sout.  Edit: Yeah nvm this whole collab is crazy, ALSO 4:32 HIS WHAT NOW?! ITS CANON?!??!
This was geniunly chaotic😂
Not gonna lie, Wilbur interrogating Tommy’s girlfriend like an older brother to make sure he’s in good hands, is very wholesome.
asd
I like how IceCreamSandwich isnt credited
I emidiatly knew bryson whas one of the animators on this video
bro that was the coolest video!! I love animations so much. you can tell how much effort went into this:)
I mean this in the kindest way.......How did Tommy get a girlfriend before me?
Is it just me or is there close to 0 swearing in this video? To be honest, the videoes where TommyInnit dont swear is the videoes I find the most funny in a good way.
Yooooooooo
The fact that this many animators are involved makes you know FOR SURE this will be true entertainment
CARTOONS GIRLFRIEND MOD IS HILLARIOUS
Tommy really got every YouTube animator for this one huh  IT'S THE GOOD OL' JACKABOY IN IRELAND
Poor Em
TommyInnit 12m >:0
Heheha
That was awesome
Homeboy went to Belfast in NORTHERN Ireland, so of course he hated it! thats the worst part of Ireland smh
Every animator did epic 👍
Ofc haminations is in it and also Swoosie
Is it bad that I can imagine Tommy irl sitting and saying the words in the mic
M I N E C R A F T           1:06
YOOOO!!!!!🎉
As an Irish viewer, words cannot describe how happy I am that Tommy said Belfast was in Ireland. Too right my boy 🇮🇪💪 Tiocfaidh ár lá
Omg yess you can never find anything or anyone in Belfast tho
omg
IN TODAYS VIDEO I TURNED MYSELF INTO A CARTOON
The fact that Tommy in it has a girlfriend but not me lowers my expectations
0:31 omg the faces 😂
3:58 “For my american friends, in england it’s illegal to date your sibling”   PLSSSSSSSSSS
Omg jack being the Irish pub owner giving his most Irish accent is the absolute funniest bit in This video😂😂 also gear job of being an ok boyfriend tommy
At least your girlfriend is real and protective of you! Great animation tommy👍
jack manifold has a gf just saying tom :]
It is so cool watching through this video and recognizing the animation styles of some of my favorites
In the descriptión means tommy is dead, man, good luck, you might die
HAAAHHAHAHA I WAS EXPECTING JACK TO BE THERE
Wow u do put the word funny in all ur titles but not dis one
I SAW THE HAMINATIONS STYLE AND FREAKED OUT WOO
now..: what IS her favorite shark?
I CAN SEE HAMINTATIONS DRAWINH
Seeing all my favorite animators participate in this just made my day! The fact I could instantly recognize all of their styles is hilarious to me. Maybe I spend too much time on YouTube 😅
TOMMY GOT THAT RIZZZ!!!
4:33 - 4:34 i can feel inside of this vídeo.. george saying: "HES NOT MY HUSBAND, WTF!" or something..... but i dont fricking care about it >:)
LOVED THISSSS 🎉
if this comment gets a heart i will be sooooooooooo damn out of my mind             pls heart me :3
I've recognised quite a few animators on here :0
the stories are weird , i love it 😂
Gonna send this to my bf for a laugh Edit:all he said was wtf is your problem
Lmao
...Tomminity  this is how you are acting to their video
I can't get over how Ranboo is animated hhhhhhh Their hair, the bopping, its just perfect. Idk it really cracked me up
this is very very very very very
Still can't believe this is the same tommy, going around kissing girls - 🤣
‘twas cool
lol so many animators i watch.
Wow this is pretty pogchamp. How did you rally up so many animators to do this for you lmao.
I can't believe you actually got lumpytouch to help animate this video!!
Tommyinnit spamton dance Pog
I am surprised I came early
Not me getting a boyfriend the same time as tommy😭😭 Real
Not me getting a boyfriend the same time as tommy😭😭 Real
17 MINUTES
Bryson
Hamitions vibes at the start lmao
Animated Tommy is the definition of blursed
Tommy was in Belfast I could of went there
LMAO JUST LMAO
hii
*Insert anti-belfast joke here* i cant think of one but i agree with the sentiment
As an Irish person I can confirm that Ireland and Belfast is indeed grey.
Icecream sandwhich
Dawg’s art style is identical to haminations.
._.
Bryson moment
EVERYONE WHO WORKED ON THIS VIDEO DID SO AMAZING WOW
Come back to ireland so I can car bomb you
Loving all of the styles of animation. This was so fun to watch
YOU CAN NEVER SILENCE MEEEE   BYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LUMPYTOUCH TOO?
Dude no shit my gf messaged me right in the middle of this video 💀
OMG TOMMYINIT HAS A GIRLFRIEND HOE DID I NOT KNOW
I love how I knew every single animator simply by their unique art style😂
Love the stories! But one question a bit after the end i was writing a few messages in Caps and then i couldn't chat anymore why? Are we not allowed to do that? If so I'm sorry.  Pls let me chat again when the next premiere is
theodd1soot
Go to Galway in Ireland it's so nice
688
Hi tommy
Funni
Since when do girls not mean what they say....never heard of it as a woman. Lol.
instantly when I saw this I knew haminations, infamousSwoosh and Odd1sOut animated this
so they are both a menace ... we're doomed
THE QUALITY YESS
Bro I BET the thumbnail was made by the odd1sout
yes!!
SADISTTTT
your welcome for the food (im irsh)
This was amazingg
?
haminations epic
JACKSEPTICEYE
Man it's great to see Tommy in sad-ist style again. It's been a while.
"to go be with his husband" 😂😂😂
Great-
Yooooooo
were is icecream?
Very cool
This was so good hope you reach ur goal of 15 mil
THIS IS SO COOL
Why did your gf looks like drista on fanart.?....
Literally four of my favorite animators in one video for my favorite YouTuber can’t get better than this!
AAAAA ALL MY FAFORIT ANIMATORS !!!!!!
POG
haminations
tommy becoming less and less consistent
I see some bryson style
HI EM
THE PREMIRE KEPS LAGGING OR IS IT JUST ME BUT. wow that’s cool for this storytime
Don't worry that's northern Ireland not normal Ireland so that's why you had a bad time
I recognised the haminations art style instantly
so many versions of cartoon Tommy to enjoy ... very funny and chaotic indeed.
d
I just love the quote: "To go be with his husband" 😂❤️
This was amazing and so good well done :D
Everyone watching this video right now im sorry incase i trigger a little flashback on your or something idk        but i am here to remind everyone about technoblade, to make sure he isnt forgotten he is a legend and always will be a legend He is up in the skies watching as you guys live your life watching tommyinnit and the other DSMP members. We will Honor him for our lifetime We will respect what he has done for all of us. He has mostly made some great memories for all of us  But the most important thing about this is. Do not forget who he was. Do not forget.
I like how you say she sat in Tubbo's spot next to you lol so Tubbo really is your sode wife 😂
4:49 Everything from here was played so perfectly, a true tragedy for gogs but at an adequate cost.
hi
14 minutes late, how dare i!!!
The animators really out did themselves! And also poor george 💀
Ayo
YOU WENT TO NORTHERN IRELAND NOT MY REPUBLIC OF IRELAND DONT TRY TO BLAME IRELAND THE UK RUINED A PART OF IRELAND
Well, I now want a gf. Was that what you were achieving???
Oh god I was laughed so hard when right after I sent this to my brother to see this as his reply. "Why the hell did you send me this? " And I said, "I wanted to ask if you have ever done this to your girlfriend?" My brother has blocked me I don't regret this tho. 😂😂
LOVED THIS!
for some reason, I can clearly imagine George's reaction to that, omg that's hilarious
6:40 the Jacksepticeye bartender caught me so off gaurd- "thatsjustyouknowidon'tknowwhatyoucallem  butyoucangetyourburgertgerefor50terrorlove whateveryouwantnow :)"
Is it just me or does his animated gf kind of looks like tobbi?
This is an amazing video.cursed.but beautiful.
I actually enjoyed it wow and yes tommy I'm SUBSCRIBED
Animators good job also love the deltarune reference
0:31 down left
This is funnnnnnn
This video was sick! Absolutely loved all of the different animations
I know how you two felt in belfast
Honestly I haven't enjoyed Tommy's content in a min but this video, this video was funny as hell
“But don’t worry *it gets worse* “ I love this
3:21 THEY ARE LIKE BROTHERS YOUR HONOR
The people of Northern Ireland are going to hate your guts.... and so many from the South. Jack is from the South, you tool. He belongs to us and is a different kind of unexplainable. Try to get an Irish person with a heavy accent to speak Irish. Absolute pain for the Mocks.
Early 🗿
The George prank might have probably scarred him for life. Also animated Tommy is the most cursed yet the most blessed thing we can ever get
Crumb
3:37 why has macaque participated in this 😭
TOMMYINNIT ANIMATED?!?!
SADISSTTTTTT
I was just watching every time it switched art styles lol
Omg when I saw the Haminations art style I was like “Huh this reminds me of- OH!”
Good god that was amazing
nice
I saw the intro and knew bryson helped...
We all knew you would get one sooner or later
Tommy you have a whole crap-ton to learn
I love how i recognised so many animators!! Well, only four-   Haminations, Odd1sOut, Crumb (Cuptoast) and SAD-ist :D at least I think so....
amoogus
Ranboo standing in such a menacing way it's so funny to me 😭
It was so funny and cool cant wait for for YouTube live stream
Pretty Pog
Such a great Collaboration however this proves why everyone was happily surprised when Tommy announced the girlfriend news, congrats Mr Innt You no longer have negative rizz
George going to live with his husband lol.
this was a great video!!! be happy you guys
I could instantly tell this was haminations art style
"THATS ALL" Dude I need more context XDDD
OMFG SADist WORKED ON THIS VIDEO SIFFSJRVSUSNSUHSJ
You forgot to give credits to icecream sandwich in the description-
A sher jaysus the shtate o that burger, the tbing looked fookin DESEASED
When I saw the artstyle in 6:37 I immediately screamed *"IS THIS SAD-IST'S ARTSTYLE?!"* /srs  ...I think I have been watching too much SAD-ist's animatics /pos
The animation is Amazing 🤩
Noted. Tommyinnit is a DNFer.
This video was poggers 👍😃
Rules of Ireland from an Irish person: 1. Never go go Belfast of all people. 2. Never go anywhere on the weekend. 3. And finally NEVER and I say NEVER eat the food from a pub its always going to be shit.
Love the animations!
W Rizz HAHAHHAHA
Did icecreamsandwich animated some of this?
funny vid :D
Tommyinit is now a story time animation channel confirmed!
that was really good man :D and the wilbur part sounds like something like will would do bahaah 😭
This was absolutely incredible 😍
You didn’t put this is the funniest animated about my girlfriend video as the title!??
I love how he gets an Southern Irish man to do a northern Ireland accent. Two different countries lol
Did you pay these artists or was it all for exposure Mr.12 Million 😂
Tom - “And we begged for a burger”  Jack - “🇮🇪 Her she how’s it goin we’ll getya borger with a **gibberish** whatever you want now 🇮🇪”  Tom - “Yeah Ok! 😅”
Freddy fr a W wingman
THIS IS SO GOOD
Why do you look like hanimations
Got to watch this on Phil’s stream. It was scuffed, laggy and crashed a lot. 10/10 would do again.
Was not expecting jacksepticeye to be in this 😂
THE ANIMATORS DID SUCH A GOOD WORK FR
Welcome to Ireland
This ENTIRE THING was actually unbearably funny. PLEASE make more. please. please. do it. c'mon. you know you wanna.
Waitt
THIS ANIMATION IS SOOOO GOOD!!!
yo
As someone who has lived in Belfast my whole life I can confirm that it does look quite depressing
LOVEED THIS!!!
I skipped choir for this
OH MY HOD THE ANIMATORS
I love how i can recognize the animators by their art styles
Tommy ive lived in Belfast my whole life one day is nothing
Thank you TommyInnit, for showing me how not to be a good boyfriend, so now all I need to do is actually get a girlfriend! ✌️
This was great! The animators did an epic job on thins too!!!🤩
Oh im actually early for once lmao
HAMINATION COLLAB
This was such a cool video! I love the combination of different animation styles.
THIS WAS HILARIOUS! 🤣
6:46 Jacksepticeye speaking in absolute Irish Gibberish was exactly what I didn't know I needed to make my day.
ITS SO GOOD
YES FINALLY!!!
THIS WAS SO GOOD
Better title for the video: Tommy being a bad boyfriend for Em while his friends try to embarrass Tommy infront of her
4:33 Ofc his "husband"
TUBBO AN WILBUR-💀💀
Bro--- Wilbur is sus ngl
Yoooo the lego animation was sick but that one here tops everything!! GOOD WORK have a nice evening!
Damn cool
As a man of belfastedness I am offended
poor em, but cool video
The changing of different styles everytime is just so amazing and a good way to help animators, great video!!
Animation style changed 7 times
IM CRYING THIS WAS HILARIOUS IM LAUGHING MY ASS OFFF
That was awesome
I love it when it when the animator YouTubers make content and now that they are doing it including you it is amazing!
This gave me giggles and the knowledge that Em is frickin AWESOME
I waited long for this and the video is Like 80 seconds long😭
pretty pog
pog
This is soooooooooo goooooooooooooooooooooooooooood😁😁
I am still in shock that tommy has kissed a women
For meeting with his husband lmaooo
Tommyinit is an absolute... Wrecking ball in relationships😃 but, he is the greatest YouTuber 🤩
The waiter: *Sweet home Alabama flashbacks* Wut-?
The Odd1sOut and Sad-ist?😮
joooooooo
Crazy how I could instantly tell who this was animated by
U have better game than me
I want to see George's face when tommy and em did that
I could not stop laughing that was amazing, congratulations on the girlfriend (again) and now I should say good luck on the boyfriending - it is a challenge I shall never have to face
Wow how many animators did you lock in your basement till you finished this
two hours late im so sorry :(
Another epic video from tommyinnit What could go wrong?
awh what a cool way to do it man! love this <3
They walked around for hours just to eat a weird BURGER?
MY BOY HAMINATIONS EDITED THIS THATS CRAZY
Honestly tho I have the same problem with my partner because we both have a running tally on people who think we’re siblings 😂
YOO lets go Tommy!!!
6:28 my favorite part
THATS ITTTT??
YEESSS ITS BEEN SO LONG SINCE I'VE SEEN TOMMY SADIST STYLE <33
YOOO THIS IS SO COOL! all the animators were AMAZING!
Yaaaaah
This is when I realized, TOMMY BIG MAN, SHE'S A KEEPER
5:02 SWEET HOME ALABAMA
THIS IS AMAZING
That’s was awesome!
If you guys are wondering where the animators are listed, you can see their names in the bottom, right hand corner of your screen. Unfortunately, it’s in very small letters and it’s very easy to miss.
Not to like flex but early
AAAAAA THIS IS SO COOL, the animations are amazing !!
yes yes good vid
This is hilarious
I loved this
Ended too soon. I was put in timeout for saying that Tom and em tricking Gogy into thinking they were siblings was cruel. Gotta love mods.
WOOOO THIS WAS SO COOL!!
This was hilarious!!!!!❤️🤍❤️
TOMMY THIS WAS SO GOOD BRO TYSM FOR MAKING THIS AND ALSO THE ANIMATORS!! TYSM THIS MADE MY DAY!! <3 UR GF IS LUCKY
as an Irish person i liked dis
I know these animaters.
I love how every few minutes the animation switches styles to one of the many people involved in creating this
THAT WAS SO COOL WHAT!!  SO MANY ANIMATORS
Em is so cool chat
PIN ME
I was so excited to see this notification!
I love to see all the different styles and animators in this video!
I think I know who animated this
:O
THE TIMMYWINNY GOT A WIFEFSFFSDFSDFGHGUJHGBFVDSCFGHJ
POOR GEORGE😭
this was pretty good.
Animated Tommyinnit is just what i needed tbh
the way it just ended
The only thing I learned from this is you were a terrible boyfriend to em
Is it actually allowed in American
That was so funny. Specially the part where jack showed up.
My man is growing up 🥺
I love how the animation and art changed each time and it was super funny 😆, omg I love Tommy so much ❤️❤️❤️
Thoroughly enjoyed this
why only 7 mins but AMAZING
Omggggg
Awesome, i knew i needed to hear those Storys
LETS GO NEW ANIMATION person
i love listening to sean’s irish fast talk it’s so fun
This is the best thing to ever exist
That's it????!??!????how dare you
I’m rewatching it 😭
JACK SPEAKING IRISH KILLED ME LMAOOO
These were the best burgers I have ever seen (eat or u Die 🔫🗿)
THIS IS FREAKING EPIC!
HAHHAA
Just watched it and i loved it!!
YAAAYY
Good workk this is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I’M IN LOVE
Loved the animations!
I LAUVE THIS
W RIZZ
NICE
That was soo great 😂
Nice vid man
That was amazing! The bit with Jacksepticeye really got me lol 🤣  Also 0:38 is that a lion king reference?
I love this
"This made my day this is hilarious, all of these animators captured tommyinnitbso well, so chaotic so tommy"
Poggers
GILFRIEND LORE
You're just a terrible boyfriend😭
This is like those reanimated collabs I've seen on YouTube Before
Very funny
they put me in timeout in the live chat 😭  what did I dooooo
Finished
honestly slay
YOOOO POG
“don’t worry, em and freddie are very best friends! me and freddie will never be the same.”  *i felt that.*
That was brill 😭🤚
ДЖОРДЖ И ДЖЕК ВСЕ ВИДЕО ВЫВЕЗЛИ КРАСАВЦЫ
I love how many people he got in on this
When the boyfriend is not boyfriending 💃🏽💃🏽
THIS WAS SO FUNNY AHAHAH
i just joined and its over.DANG IT
I’ve been waiting since the morning for this
I just came to watch but then it just ended
YYYYAUUUURRR
WUUU
this is the living definition of amazing
This sister scheme thing is the oddest bit I've ever seen
🤣🤣
This was a good one🙃
good vid
Noooo, it's done 😭😭
this is the best animation ever
GOOD VID
seeing tommy in sad-ists artstyle again is comforting.
That was amazing
Fortnite lol
Underwhelming Asf
Dat was amazing
That was soo funny Omg cool ♡♡♡
tommy,my boy,you've found the perfect match couple goals right there
I guess that was it then
I LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!!
THE ENDING MUSIC I CAN'T-
Like most humans wee needed to eat! Then what doese the other human need?
<3
why does tommy do an amazing accent of georgenotfound
Pog video
Tommy you are at 12 million congrats I have been watching you since the beginning!!!
Beautiful
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SOO LONG NOW!!
That was so cool lol
I was so convinced the cheating bit was about ranboo i am so sad
Already finished
Home Alabama 💀
I LOVED THIS OMG
Apologies as a Belfastian
Lol
THAT WAS SO COOL
I just came back from Dublin, listening to your Ireland story is the funniest thing right now! Thanks for being so entertaining Tommy! 😂
The video was amazing, the animations are amazing and they did amazing. Jack surprise in there was amazing as well
Bruh mate Belfast is amazin it has so much history
IM THE 999TH PERSON TO COMMENT!! I THINK
Tommy's really leveling up  JEEEEEEEZ
I love this
HII
You are dating eminem hahah
WHY IS IT SO LAGGY
THIS IS HAPPENING!?!?!?!?!?
Holy when I saw LumpyTouch being one of the people animating I knew this would be an amazing  video
I THINK EM IS NOT HIS GIRLFRIEND SHE IS HE’S PARTNER IN CRIMES AND PRANKS💀
Tommy Congratulations on 12 Million.
Finally
This is so funny omg
early gang
Hey phil
So much chaos lmaoo 😭
I love the change of animation styles between the different artists
*“Oath Melk Latteh”*
Really Tommy you just had to dis America don’t forget that’s only in Alabama
The fact that Tommy got multiple animators to make this, is amazing
You should totally make more animated storytime and just normal storytime vids :)
*Wilbur being the best brother:* *HOW MANY DRUGS YOU DID??*
This is sooo good so far
ITS PERFECT
W freddie tho
Wow
I like how will just calmly bonks Tommy with a bat
XD lol
.
When you know all of the animators:
The animation is amazing
I’m free to do some animation😃please
I’m already Inlove with the stories and the art! All the animators did a amazing job!!!
I AM A BIG FAN!!!!!!OML-
Ok
Man I really need an intelligent comment right about now.
pog tbh
Well that happend The endgame of animators  also 6:54 that is so smooth
The new animation style is Hilarious 😂
This is awesome :DD
This is so good
Litterally tommy: FREDDIE SHUT THE F*CK UP
I looked at this video for 5.2 seconds and thought it was animated by haminations lol
TOMMYS FACE WHEN HES EXPLAINING LMAOAOAOAOOAAO💀
He got her pregnant fr
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Tommy:"Freddy just then Curses me Off"
Yo hi tommy
Is that hamination?
did haminations animate this lol
monki
ICE CREAM SANDWICH
YOO THESE BE CRAZY
868th comment
Ur mom
U HIT 12 MIL TOM!<3
Wait he has a girlfriend
Gosh i love Em
WOW MEN
OOF tubbo   Stop the tubbo disrespect
871th comment so pin (don't)
M064 E
Nicki Minaj is the queen of rap
Y
Tommy
YP
YESS
WEEEHEHEHEE
yoooo
Tubbo is replaced
So cool how the style changes depending on which animator is helping with that part
where odds1out
Literally 3:00am
so fucking proud
Love this
Omg he’s cheating on his wife tubbo
Just took this advice and she blocked me!!
Yoooooo
SADDIST
oh boyyy
Yo claim your live watching here****
does em know about jump in the cadillac
YOU FORGOT A VALENTINS PRESENT FOR EM? TOMMY
Ong😂
AAAH
this is ganna be good
Let's goooo
First
he’s evolving..
I’m scared.  future me how was it
EXCITEDDD FOR THIS CHAOTIC VIDEO
brrgrr
Hi
lol
YIPPPEEEEEE
Finally you pull women with that jump in the caddilac song
820th
Wow.
I knew where this was going even before it started😂😂
I ❤ tomyyyyyyy ( not in a gay way 😈)
Early
Yay
WOOOOOO
Replying to this when I‘ve watched it.
Tommy finally learned that he need to wear seatbelts
Yoo
can’t wait!!!
!!
:
YESSS٩(ᐛ)و
.
giys im ryan renolods
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Squidward on a chair
Hello this will be fun
c'mon
A
YIPPE
YAYAAAYY
Ello
wow! so fun to work!! awesome to be work with all these other awesome animators!!!
WHAAAAAAA
It's starting
The fact that somehow he has put this many creators in is mind blowing, he is evolving from a young child to an older child who  has too much spare time. On the whole though I am so proud of far you’ve come and I’m surprised that James actually lasted this long with all your shenanigans
yaaaaaaas it started
YO
It’s abt to happen
why fortnite
The description 💀💀💀
Jump in the Cadillac
THE ANIMATION SERIES GROWS WOI
Get the gun out 😀🔫
Yayyyy
Hi Em
HIIII
hey yall im here for this
Can't wait
First philza then tommy then jack . Whos next wilbur
Only legends were here before the Premiere
IM GONNA THROW UP FROM EXCITEMENT
Hey, finaly some info about your love I will steal her from u >:)
IM HERE
Amazing
It's amazing how amazing tommy's content always is
AWWWW MANN THIS IS GONNA BE EPIC
Waiting
Nice
Knew who animated this by the thumbnail
Oh god-
Oh god this is gonna be a fun ride 😂
tommy tab
Premiere gang?! 👇
It still shocking to me that Tommy actually has a gf-
I like men.
Women stories about Women becouse Women Women
i’m waiting for it to premier rn
"Pull up a tag and leave a like"
WHAT
This is going to be good
WAIT ODD1SOUT ALSO IS ON THE ANIMATOR LIST LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
He’s all grown up 😔😔
Oh how Tommy evolved from being a man child to a man... something...
WOMEN
fortnite
Confert not concert
OMG
So exited
You are amazing me and my brother and sister love you you are there concert youtubeR
HI
ENGLISH WOMEN
HELLO FROM AN A ISRAELI WOMAN! pog champ everybody and a nice day!🙃
Let him cook now
No
george is traumatized now-
🦆
HI (●’◡’●)ﾉ
WOW, Tommy?
Claim your “here when it premiered” pass here (comes with 10 doubloons)
Hey, who else agrees that since Tommy got a girlfriend, things have been more exciting than ever,   Thanks Em 😌
EVERYONE IS ALREADY JUMP IN TEH CADILACING IN CAHT HA—
E
Simpinnit🤌
The fact that I know alot of these animators, and how good they are. Makes my HYPED for this ^-^
the impossible has been done,        TOMMY HAS A GIRLFRIEND
If Tommy ever marries her he can’t make jokes about Phil’s wife anymore- 💀
Imagine the second the premiere starts, it's a Rick Roll. That would be funny
Chadinnit play
been waiting for this for so long. c
AHHH 8 MINUTES IM SO EXCITED
Congrats on 12 mil Tommy!
CONGRATS ON 12MILLION TOM
This is gonna be a crazy cool video!
Woman
join the E army
E just E
E
All of the animators did such a great job with!this!
I'm here for Tommy's women
Simpinnit
I literally seen someone say omg tommys straight 👁️👄👁️
IT'S STORY TIME
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
omg, the description is too cute
woohoo
i was here
SIMMPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!! Lol, I’m so happy Tommy is happy 🥺  Feels like yesterday he started a nation with a drug addict now he’ has a girl and is on his way to be a comedian with his live show!! I’m so proud of you Child you have come a long way
TOMMY IS A BIG BOY NOW
omg like all my favourite animaters this is gonna be so funny=
This guy literally grew up infront of our eyes. He even achieved getting a girlfriend which is a goal he would always tend to say that he would never reach. Respect.
The amount of animators involved in this is like WOAH THIS IS GOING TO BE EPIC!!!!!
this gon be good
I’m so sorry TheOdd1sOut
MAAAAN I CAN'T WAIIIT after many years...of liking women...FINALLY HE'S HAPPY WITH ONEEEE <:'''''D
Bro not george being genuinely frightened  ✋💀
The live chat is too much too many comments
TOMMY!!!!!
we like women
Early 🤷‍♂️ can’t belive i watched this guy go from the child to an attaual adult like damn
You got Infamous Swoosh and Haminations to animate??? YEESH this is gonna be good heheh
yep
IN LIVE CHAT RN—
Finally tommyinnit gets a gf without being scared or worried 😂
I watch the odds1out and haminations!!!
563 comment😂
I-IN 23 MINUTES ALR
He leveled up to level 2 love
NAURRRR TOMMY PLS  I CAN BE UR GFFF PLSSSSSSSSSS
Why the mom did he make a clickbait video?
This looks like some TheOdds1out work right here.
tommy has a lady I'm so proud
How did bro get James to animate his girlfriend for him?
I'm excited man
This interrupted my tiktok family guy, this better be worth it
I WAS HERE <3
*"Wait a minute, how'd this happen, we're smarter than this"* - Obi Wan Kenobi
that is a lot of animators tommy how
I’m scared but excuted
OH MY GOD THE ODD1SOUT HELPED ANIMATE THIS WTF
I love how the whole chat is just spamming “women”
AYO NAH
Hello
HELP WHEN IM AT MF HIGH SCHOOL THIS POPS UPPP DANG IT
Ayooo
Oh gods, bruv-
This is gonna be chaotic and I know it
🍞🍖🧀🍞
Tommy
TOMMY HIT 12M
Good for you but careful putting this online people are weird 💀
AY BIG MAN CONGRATS ON 12 MIL
Omg
🚺
WHOPPER WHOPPER WHOPPER WHOPPER JUNIOR DOUBLE TRIPLE  WHOPPER
This is gonna surprise the most of us. Just finished watching it..... I am offended because I am from Ireland but dw, I do agree that Belfast is quite shit at times.
yesss odd1sout love to see this!
Tommy
rrreal  Skull Kid likes 😍😍😍
Wait! 🏃🏽‍♀️ 🍿🥤😌 Kay! I’m ready
Women☕
Hi
Tommy George and dream
tommy
It's weird to know that Tommy already has a girlfriend and I am just single and waiting for a girl to become my girlfriend.
Women☕
EM POG
HI
😧
Hi
Animation.
WOMEN. I WAS HERE YOOO
Eww
Woman
(Tommy) ANIMATED a story of my girl friend (James) Ok but whyy (Tommy because I CAN GET MORE  LIKES HAHAHAHHAHHAHA
Idk what to comment to leave my historical mark 🧍
Like tommyinnit make everyone day
Hi
Tommy himself is probably the most excited for this video out of all of us. Can’t wait to see it king!
forni
You've been teasing this for so long I can't wait.
Yoooo can't wait!
Seeing James with other animators make this animation, shows how much they support Tommy with all he's done
lmao i never thought this would happen
Poor gogy
no further words from me. 🤨
The title we thought we’d never see from Tommy
I'm gonna miss the premiere but I'll watch it tomorrow :')
THE ODD ONES OUT STYLE
Let’s go
W
Us people in the premiere chat are having a good time spamming “E”
👀
👀
tommy is growing up
well we all know this is going to be great with how many animators are involved as well as it being tommy
Hell yeahh😀
The part for Em in the description is funny. And seeing Sad-Its makes me more intrigued. Let's see how good this is going to be ',:) Edit: It's was good 😎. The brothers part and the interrogatory xDxD
THE DESCRIPTION😭
Can’t wait to see Tommy’s love life 😂
That is a LOT of animators holy-
James spent his time making videos for a “child” instead of giving us another video. Wait technically he did,
BEEN WAITIN FOR THIS ONE LMAO
We love commenting before it’s out lmao-
SUCH A BIG IMPACT IN MY LIFE YOU HAVE GOTTEN ME THROUGH LIFE AND IM ON CHAT RIGHT NOW LOVE YA MAN
He did the unthinkable!?! by getting a girlfriend. 😂😂
Hello Tommy huge fan and want you to hit you're sub goal
I'n still doubting if Tommyinnit really has a grilfriend.
Does anyone else remember the “animate that sound video from awhile ago”?
WOO IM SO EXCITED I LOVE ANIMATED  THINGS IM NOT GOING TO WAIT 69 MINUTES ILL HACK INTO THE GOVERNMENT DATABASE TO WATCH THE VIDEO FILES NOW
Welp.  I am, impressed about all the animators on that vid.
Ahhhh finally been waiting fot this video can’t wait to see it
TheOdd1sOut would definitely be the person to help Tommy make this
SAD-IST???
I hevn't seen this,but I already know I'm going to laugh
i sat at my seat for like a whole 1 and half hours and i left lmao cuz i had 70 more mins for the primier
Oh god not this
AAAAAAAAAAA FINALLY SOMETHING GOOD ABOUT STUDING LATE AT NIGHT
i still can't believe this is real AND ITS SO COOL
Lemme guess.... Odd1sout was held hostage again?  Edit: HAMINATIONS INSTEAD!?   Another edit: ITS EVERY FRICKIN ANIMATOR I KNOOOOW?!
*Looks at the thumbnail* is this the odd1sout- TOMMYINNIT!?
I’m excited to see my favorite YouTubers do a collab. but also terrified because my favorite YouTubers did a collab…
I find it funny how I watch almost every animator who animated this.
OMG so cool
James got kitnap to make this video
The amount of animators is foreshadowing the amount of chaos that is about to concur, and Jacksepticeye being in the video already proves that the chaos will be cranked up to over 9,000. Can't wait to see the premiere, and until then I will wait until the time comes.  Edit: Post-Premiere, I can absolutely confirm that the chaos was in fact cranked up to over 9,000, but that they were also shipping out huge amounts of minor amounts of tomfoolery; nothing much, just some "illegal" dating, pranking, and accidental stupidity; y'know, the usual for a video from the Big Man Tommyinnit himself, with the usual twist of some very POG animators helping him out. Overall, amazing premiere, thank you Tommy for throwing out this Hilarious Premiere, and thank you to Ham, Swoosh, Lumpy, Crumb, James, Ross, Adam, and Sadist for bringing out these hilarious stories into your own very unique styles of Animation, and thank you to Em for feeling comfortable enough to allow this Video to Premiere in the first place. Have an Amazing Day everyone, and I'll see you in the next one.
That video was such a banger Love you bro
The odd one pog
This is too cursed
omg the amount of animators I actually cant wait 😭
We all know this was animated by theodd1sout
Can't wait 😊
Congrats on 12 million subscribers!!
THIS IS ANIMATED?? LOOOL i didnt expect that
tommy with rizz?
Did he get the odd1sout to animate this... Because if so... I immediately love this.
1 LIKE = 1 KNEE CAP FOR YOU
HELP THE TUMBNAIL- IM DYING- 🤣
This will be interesting. How'd you get @theodd1sout to agree to this?
You should have seen the shock and excitement on my face when I saw this on my recommended rn.
Bruhhhhhhhhhh
AYOOOO!!!
Tommy I'm so proud bro 🤣
I know odd1out animated this its to recognisable...what has he done with this child no longer virgin.. actually no what has this child No longer virgin done
Imagine not being single
I never thought this day would come when he becomes a man
This will be intresting
Bryson, Swoosh, James, and alot more?!? Jeez dude you really are getting big.
Why does Em look like Alex in that animated picture 😭😭
YOOO ANIMATION TIME
She looks like tubbo
Tommy get no hoes unless she’s was a man 😅
ILL BE IN CLASS GODDAMMIT 😭😭😭😭😭
Video requests: reading my fans instagram…
Death
Collab with theodd1sout less gooooo
Seeing the animators and cameos, I know this is gonna be a fun video lol  Edit after watching: Video was funny and pog :]
EINIT
Omg can't wait 😭
It seems Timothy has left the gigachad society to hook up with a "female", I am very disappointed in him.
hopefully he marries tubbo
wow
:)
why am i still here after 4yrs… anyway POGGERSSS
CONGRATULATIONS! 12 MILLIONS ✨👾
George in the thumbnail lol
Yipee
It hasn't even premiered yet but looking at the description this is going to be so good
How in the world did he get James's team to make that thumbnail
In the description it says to share with your friends… I don’t have any 😂
Pro gamer move ™
E
Gogy
OH??
I'm going to watch this video with my girlfriend tomorrow :)
The waffle house has found its new host
Tommy stole Gorge's gf?!!?
This man got a gf and we still didn't get one
THE WAFFLE HOUSE HAS FOUND ITS NEW HOST
i woner how this will unfold we all know tommyinnit first he gets animated by the odd ones out NOW AGAIN hope you have a amazing day king
The description 😭 how tf do you forget valentine's day
YOOOO
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Have a amazing weekend
Did the Odd1sOut animate this?
This video is gonna be absolutely cursed seeing the animators list, i love it.
im currently waiting for the livestream and idk what to do LOL
.
This is bizarre. Just straight up bizarre.
Did the odds one out? Do this
oh! we have Haminations and Theodd1sout working on the same video??? oh this is going to be good
waiting for the premiere to begin at 4am while eating garlic bread :^)
In my country Tommy is premiering this at 12:30 am. And forgetting my exams for a bit imma watch this  Edit - I got 1 like :)
The Tommy
Ima say before the thing started a guy in the chat gave 120 memberships to people so im here to say thank you and sry that the chat keeps bugging you for more and scarring you
Bros with alex
I wonder who animated it…
THIS IS POGGERS
:0
Hi
This thumbnail is.. interesting
Huh
CONGRATS ON 12 MILLION SUBS🥳🥳
ETHAN W!!!!!!
I have Afriend! We both found true love!
Me: *seeing the art*  My brain: Alex, is that you?🤨
How much did you pay my boy Odd1sout
The description!?!? Lmfao
Little Tommy growing up 😮
2 more hours until we see tommy become a man he was never meant to be
I'm so excited for this premiere
George being there makes me genuinely interested
tommy what are you posting nowadays
Odd1sOut!?
This artstyle is gonna make the most chaotic video knowing how James draws
WOOOO
When in your country this starts at 11:00pm:  Guess I’ll watch it tomorrow.
I don't like Frotnite, I can't even spell it right.
this should be good
Hype chain 👇
POG
Gerge in the thumbnail
I'm not safe anymore from the bots
Cheating on gogy?   disgraceful Tommy…
what even is this
Yooo 12m
man tommy is slowly turning into an animator 😂
this is ganna be awesome:D
i cant wait man :D
I appreciate that George not found is in the thumbnail
On the same day as the jojolands
Lol did James help you?
OH NO DEAR GOD
Yes
TOMMY STOP STEALING ALEX FROM ME SHE IS MINE!
this is gonna be fab 😍 can’t wait 🤭🤭
2 hours early, damn.
Lol it feel illegal to be here this early
Lol
Tommy did you beat hollow knight? This is an incredibly important question
my guy pulled the whole sqaud bro tf
the discription😂😂😂
how'd he do that
You dawg, you get em' girl 😎🙏
fr
yayyy
NAWWW bro's TheEven1sOut ☠💀💀💀💀
bla descusting
ODD1SOUT
🌟Monetary gain streak x2 ever since making stuff semi public 🌟 👍💀
Odd1sout???
Damn he’s got a girlfriend?? Should’ve mentioned it
Ahhhh
this is an epic gamer moment
early or something
Animated TommyInnit is one of the most cursed things we could ever experience as humans.
THIS IS GOING TO BE SO EPIC
LETS GO new Tommy era <3
HOLD ON, WHY EM LOOKING LIKE ALEX????LMAO
Bro thinks hes odd1sout 💀💀💀
Only the thumbnail so far and it already looks very interesting and entertaining
Today we tried to survive Amongus bacrooms at 3am where the imposter is sus five nights at Freddy’s with the new battle pass bendy and the ink machine
Bruh
TOMMY IFU GIVE ME HEART IL BE UR GIRL FRIEND
Tommy has a gf now. Let the sink in. Tommy motherfuckin innit has a girlfriend
DAMN YOU GOT SO MANY AMAZING ANIMATORS ANIMATING THIS I'M SO EXCITED!!
This its not the live from twitch?
YAY NEW VIDEO
I’ve never seen George more horrified in my life
What...
Yes finnaly i am very exited
Damn I feel like a mum watching her child grow up 😭😭 you achieved so much these 4-5 years Tommy I love you mate keep it up<<3
Oh no
fortnite
Looking at the different animators for this, I am excited for this and the chaos that will most likely come.
AHHHHHH
😯😯😯🙏
YESSS
Oh my god I think odd ones our ships this 😔😔
His Story Type Videos Will be Just Awesome   ❤️❤️❤️ Love u TommyInnit
Well done big man I'm excited to see this
Omgg
Fortnite.
How long have you had you gf now????
tubbo
Can't wait
ooga booga
George on the tumbnail 💀
I just know this is gonna be good!
OMG!!!But in our country it is three o’clock🥲
Oh god the Odd1sout is in on this 😂
when i saw the thumbnail, i thought it was an Odd1sout video
Heheha
I’m actually excited idk why I feel like he’s gonna make it more dramatic then it was for sum reason
Is this animated by the Odd1sout
Tommy is officially the Big Man
Free Bird Yeah
I LOVE THIS I CANT WAIT
Whaaaat
Can’t believe James did this
YEAAAAA
Early
here
???? ODD1SOUT ANIMATED THIS HUUUUUHHHH
OMG, IT'S Thetommy1sout
THE ODDS1OUT AND TOMMYINNIT COLLAB???
Omg George is animated too??? 😼
Never expected to see the animated video in Tommyinnit 👀
tommy
Hmmm this video seems very *odd* if you know what I mean
No way Alex cheating on Steve 💀
Бля,ожидаем💀
Hype
hello im 16th lmao
This is proof that everyone has someone out there who would love them
OMG TOMMY??!!!
0:1456
james found a new career i see  i retract that statement
Exited for this one!!
HELLO
Ok
yoooOO
😀
Gae
I’m SO EXCITED
tom finally evolved into his final stage, from man child to man teen
THE ODDONESOUT!?
Omg yass 0:00
woah first
First
