I know it's years later but you truly looked beautiful ❤ makes me feel better about the treatment I'm receiving and my hair loss
I'm about to go through those journeys and thank you for sharing things about it. I'll be having it after 3 days. Thank you again. Take care always
Beautiful Absolutely Beautiful. I'll be going through the same thing soon. Thank You!
I just found your channel a few days ago from your podcasts with Kara & Nate and watching this series has been so incredibly impactful. My mom went through treatment at 35 when I was about 8 years old and I just had to go in for my first mammogram at the beginning of this year at 26 due to that. She did it all alone, no partner, we had just moved across the state so she could take a promotion, so she didn't have a community yet either. I remember being so afraid of what she was going through when I was younger and this really puts it all into context. Thank you so much for sharing your story, and I'm so excited and proud of you both for making it through and building such a beautiful little family and life!! Sending so many hugs and lots of love. <3 <3 <3
why not use cold capping? I have cancer I have not done any treatment yet :( but im planning to use the cold capping
My daughter was 7 cut 18 inches of hair. We were going to donate it never happened. We will wait what the see what way we are going to take. Waiting on my appointment with oncology says.
I start my first round of chemo in 5 days. Thank you for this video and sharing your journey
You're so blessed to  have your husband for surport system he's so awesome ❤, he loves you so much!!!🙏
You are amazing! Your attitude and how you lived your life through all of this was lovely to see.  My story is different. I am a very young 75 year old woman, living at the poverty line, going through my 3rd bout of breast cancer (long history of it in my family) and I also am fighting lymph node cancer. I'm pretty isolated but have my amazing and glorious daughter who I thank God for every moment of every day. I'm 14 weeks into a 16 week treatment. Things look good for the breast, not so much for the lymph node. My chemo nurses are angels and I will miss them when it is all over (although I may have to come back for more, depending on the surgery and what they find). I have excellent insurance, as most poverty medicare people do. But the other expenses are mind blowing. I know this is long so I'll end soon. I just want to remind people that there are so many women - and men -  like me who can't possibly live this kind of life. Look out for us, help us, support us and please, if you can contribute to the Susan G Komen foundation as they do give financial aid from your donations to women like me.  Thank you, Bec and Eamon for helping me to be more positive and a little bit stronger. ♥♥  Lily
How can you poison yourself with chemo? There is no way that I am going through that
This was 2 years ago.  I hope you are okay and getting better
I love this guy. Hes the perfect husband to be. What a good guy.
Oh my. I never cry but I could feel your absolute anguish with shaving your head.  I cried. You wore Lee’s sweater for strength.  I’m glad this is behind you ❤
I watched this video at least 5 times before I had the courage to shave my head during my chemo treatments. I have been following you for years now and have had a similar story with cancer while pregnant and such. Watching your videos and now podcast have helped us to not feel alone. Thank you so much for sharing and being vulnerable
You shaved your hair and saved your life.
Many of us can relate. It’s a journey.
God Bless you all.  Thank you for sharing such a raw moment.
I also lost my hair after chemo treatment. It looked patchy so I shaved it all off. Feels great bald.  What others think when they see you bald: No one cares. They are concerned about how they look not how you look. Bald will set you free!
I have been diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 28 3 weeks ago and this video helps me so much! Thank you!! Will need to shave my head in 1-2 weeks as well. Lots of love from austria
Your strength and love amazes me. Your courage and grace has given me the hope that I can be the same. Thank you. May the Lord Bless you.
I am watching you and it takes me back to my battle with breast cancer! Losing the hair is the most traumatic part of chemo and radiation!! You rock Bec! Seriously, what a brave thing you did documenting this process! I’m sure others will find strength through your story.
This helps me understand what the ladies around me at chemo are going through. I go for arthritis chemo every four weeks for life but it’s not got the same side effects. I’ve met so many amazing people over the years. Thank you for being raw and honest. I feel like I understand a little more now. I’ll never know first hand (Lord willing), but I know a tiny bit better than before.
❤❤❤❤❤
I love that what he said..."You don't need hair if you love" or something like that. Thank you! for sharing. Just by watching this gives me a lot of courage to keep on going and decreases my anxiety. I will be starting my first cycle of chemo in four days. Praise God! He gave us the treatment and love ones to support us.❤
I too have stage 3 breast cancer. I have very long hair and I will need a wig. If the company called folia? Can you give me info?
She really does look beautiful.
You did look great bald I’m so glad you’re okay.
I also have a third brain!! 😂😂 its smaller tho, and it was the only thing that i hated about beeing bold 🙈♥️
You guys are a beautiful couple ❤️❤❤
Eamon is such an amazing partner.
You two are wonderful, caring people.  I enjoy your camaraderie as partners going through all this.  I am about to meet all the docs and figure out how to fight this, but I'm 70, not young and beautiful like you Bec.  I'm going to learn a lot from your vids.  Thanks for taking us along.
Hi! First time here visiting and I subscribed because I was so impressed with your candor and for putting yourself out there going through this journey. I found you through Vanwives and now you are stuck with me! I know I'm late to the party but I'm here now! Thank you both!
You are so beautiful
I’m late coming across your channel and these videos but I don’t even know the words to say. Bec you’re so beautiful inside and out and I know I’m just seeing a portion of who you truly are. Eamon you truly are a rockstar from building and fixing everything to being such an inspirational partner. I absolutely love your channel and what you choose to share with us. Both of you are such an inspiration to this world♥️
I had breast  cancer and  to shave my head. My hair  grows  so  slow and I am  so  self conscious about how I  look 😢 I understand how you feel
So sweet  Eamon  calling  her  buddy  she has a lot to  be thankful for
Can I ask how is life treating you guys?
You guys are amazing ❤
How did the wig from your hair turn out?  I have a consult with them in a couple of weeks.
Eamon, you are the best, most loving partner. ❤
Great attitude Bec! You are bald and beautiful 😍
Eamon, you crack me up with that baseball cap wig! Funny
Oh Bec, Eamon is so sweet with you, he tells you, you are beautiful and I totally believe him. You do look beautiful, you have a perfect face for no hair! 😊
I am going through this right now and tomorrow will cut my hair. You are really helping me get past this. I am also attached to my hair and this has been the hardest 😢
He is Amazing
Gorgeous ❤
You guys are such a Beautiful couple you guys are the best
You are indeed brave and beautiful. Now your hubs need to shave his head, too. ;)
I remember when i shaved my head. I took 2 videos one of me cutting a bob and then the 2nd of me shaving it. I was laughing through it all..lol But then i cut the recorsing off and got naked and had my husband shave the rest into the tub. Once I saw all the hair in the tub the waterworks started and it set in. I cried once and I just enjoyed the shaved head and the liberation of not having to do so much anymore. Showers got shorter and now no can say they have my hair in their food...😂❤
I was recently diagnosed with stage two breast cancer Feb 1, 2024. I will be starting chemo soon and just happened to come across your videos. You help me cope with all this and are so inspiring. My fiance, family, and friends are so supportive.  Still the journey is hard and some days are tougher than others.  Watching you makes me feel not so alone. Thank you for sharing.
Wow, you’re so beautiful inside where it counts and on the outside too. You’re rocking it xxxxx
How soon after my first treatment will my hair start falling out ?
All Bec needs is that smile! She’s beautiful. I know this is an an older video but I’m new here and I love you guys and seeing you go from this to your new journey with baby girl is just heart warming! ❤️
🙏❤️
Tbh both ways you look great but my favorite way is the short it’s  almost like a new normal and can’t see you without it. You look great 😊😊
My husband was the one who shaved my head as well. It was hard for him but he didn't let me know. My hair was sensitive to the touch too. And whenever it started itching terribly I knew it was shaving time. And afterwards all the itching and tenderness went immediately after.
she genuinely looks amazing bald. she has a nice head shape, and beautiful facial features. looks badass on u Bec 💪 you are so strong
So I've just watched your video 2 days after I've just shaved my head... I am going through the exact same thing with my hair journey and chemo. I too have hair exactly like yours... the upset and trauma of the hair coming out was awful... I can't describe the feeling. You look so amazing with a bald head... I look like a goblin so I havnt got the confidence to show my head. Scarfs will do, although I'm still scared to go outside... can't wait to get a wig  yours looks fab you would never tell the difference.
I have learned through my cancer journey that it's really important what I haven't done my whole life: allowing and feeling the emotions. Gosh it really makes you feel like you're living in the moment and processing the situation. Once you're done with it, it's released and you can move on. Such an incredible feeling and lesson, I'll always do that from now on.
The fact that you get to go on this journey with such a wonderful, supportive partner, is such a blessing.  How lucky for you to have found each other.  You’re doing great
Your one hell of a lady, and one hell of a couple too ❤sharing your journey will help so many people. Sending love 🥰
What happened with the hair Kara cut/donated?
Did you ever get your own hair made into a wig? If so where did you get it done?
you look beautiful no matter what x
Bec, I love your guys’s videos. I found you because I was researching stories of other people who’ve gone through breast cancer treatment. I start taxol first, not AC, this Friday. I’m debating on getting my hair made into a wig; did you like your wig from compassionate creations? Was it comfortable? Itchy? Did you wear it often?  And was your head tender the whole time? And which drugs did you take again and in what order?  I wish you two the best! Cheers!
Looove the beanie. Done with chemo and now radiation.  Would love to find where you got it!
You are a powerful and beautiful woman! You have a great man beside you too! You guys are blessed!!! I smile every time I watch your videos! I wish I could meet you guys!
At the start of minute 21 you can tell how bad Bec feels and I just could never imagine
I had two months of chemo for bladder cancer and my hair came out as well. I also had it buzzed down to nothing. When you said you had to wear a covering at night because it was sensitive, I knew what you were talking about.  I am now cancer free, as are you (best I can tell) Thanks for posting your journey.
Watching and crying along with you.   I cut mine 3 weeks ago and now starting chemo in 2 days.   Planning on shaving it with the 6 grandkids next week.
you guys are so amazing!! i hope im this confident when i lose my hair lol
You are amazing very strong young lady with a beautiful young man standing beside you that’s what love is have been watching your vidz start to now and will continue to watch such amazing beautiful people hi from Queensland Australia
Thank you for sharing this part of your journey.  It was so emotional and it resonated with the journey that my family and I are currently going through with my Mom.  She is currently battling pancreatic cancer and is going through chemotherapy.  When she decided to shave her head after losing patches of hair, it was extremely emotional.  Congratulations on building such a beautiful YouTube channel and sharing your life with all of us.  Best wishes always!
Bec….. your grace through this journey is truly admirable ❤ Eamon your are the picture of a loving supportive husband.  Many tears watching you go through this and I don’t even know you guys.  Sending my love
Thank you!! I’m about to go through this journey and I cried and smiled with you. This helps so much!
My wife is about to start her chemotherapy and she is scared and feeling the same way you do. I wish I could trade places with her. I feel so bad for anyone that has to go through this. I’m so sorry
❤🤲🤲🤲🤲🤲
I just recently discovered your channel and I'm hooked.  I'm binge watching your cancer journey and oh my god...I have laughed, sobbed and cheered for the two of you.   Thank you so much for having the courage to include us in this incredibly challenging journey.  It has helped put perspective in my chronic migraine journey.  I spend days in bed in a dark room and sometimes just feel like giving up.  But if you can face everything you have with courage & a positive attitude then I can face my challenges the same way. You really are an inspiration ❤
You two are truly amazing ❤
Your joy overflows.  I want to be a nice person but I'm not.  I'm the product of a mean mother since I was 11 months old. I am now 70.  I am miserable.  I feel like I can never do enough to erase his mean I have been to my loving husband.  My verbal abuse to him shows. I become so withdrawn and depressed.  I cannot even talk to him about it.  I'm so ashamed and embarrassed to even mention it to him. I know he deserves more than what I can do or say.  I think he'll be better off without me.  How do you do it?
You are an inspiration
Watching this 1yr later knowing the outcome of life 1yr from this video and I’m still in tears from watching you hurt 😢 the best thing to say when someone is hurting either physical or emotional is “I know this hurts” validating their feelings makes it hurt so much less. Toddler example: my 3yr old bumps her head and is screaming “oh you bumped your head, I know how that hurt at lot, let’s rub it out” stops crying within the minute. I’m screaming in my head as your shaving your head crying “this hard! Shaving your head bc your sink is hard! And your doing it so bravely! You are being so strong even though this is so hard and it hurt so much!” Ugh I could cry again. Love you from one stranger to another ❤
Hey! I am new to your channel, and I know you are doing well now, but, this popped up on my home page and decided to watch it. This video was a roller-coaster of emotions, from tears to happiness to heart warmth. I love videos that show people getting through the tough times, and giving positive energy! You really made my day, and I am glad I found you! Battling cancer is not easy, but the way you do it in style makes it worth while. I will be watching your videos in the future, and wish you well.  Xx
Hey! I need your help. My Mum is Fighting Stage 2 Breast Cancer. She and i removed our hair yesterday. At first it was heartbreaking  but when we cut it together, we bonded. Hair is like ego, it hurts to see it go, but without it, you feel lighter. Her 3rd chemo is going to begin next week. In December her weekly chemo sessions will begin. Can you advice something? Will massages help with body aches? Do eyelashes fall too? What to do about nails? Any games or fun sessions you suggest?
For me shaving my hair was liberating. As soon as I started to see my hair fall out in clumps I was so depressed. I did not want to worry the people around me. Also, when I had my hair after the second round I started to feel needles and my scalp was sore.
Really your are inspiration to others like me, going through same journey.. Amazing partner. May God bless you both   lots of happiness
Speedy recovery❤
I know I'm late to the party and you are completely over this, but I was diagnosed yesterday with invasive ductal carcinoma with medullary features grade 3 and extensive ductal carcinoma in situ high grade, solid type with comedo necrosis, whatever all of that means. Mine is also in my right breast. I won't know the stage of mine until I have surgery. I have been binge watching your videos today, trying to get my head around the diagnosis and to get a peek into what I am getting into. Like you, I have a mole on my head, and that is the first thing I thought about when I realized I was going to lose my hair eventually. I don't think I would be brave enough to get mine cut off. You looked stunning bald by the way. Thank you for sharing your journey, it is giving me hope that maybe mine might not be as bad as I think.
This video really hits home. I truly believe that unless someone looses their hair without it being their choice…they can’t understand. I watched a lot of hair loss videos before I lost my long locks to Stage 3 Inflammatory Breast Cancer in 2021. It was a wild ride. In a lot of ways I shed more than expected but it was also a lot harder than I could ever communicate. Bec I know that your cancer journey is in your rear view mirror and motherhood is on your horizon. Congratulations from the deepest place.   I have watched your videos as therapy tonight. I had a “duvet half day” with you. ❤I am sending you love!
Omg! Wow. Thanks for sharing this! Xo
I shaved my head when my husband was going through treatment for Multiple Myeloma.  Now I am waiting for a dual biopsy, and IF it is positive, I will be going through it alone.
You go, girl❤ you have an amazing and supportive partner
Going through the same journey and sending Bec all my love, but I would like to say this to Eamon - you are priceless and everyone should have a partner like you!
I didn't want to see my hair fall out, so I shaved it off the very first day of chemo. I wanted my hair gone on MY terms, not cancer's! It was the absolute WORST day of the the entire treatment thing for me. I went to a salon to have a hairstylist shave my head, and I wept like a baby the whole time. I have always had long red hair, and then all of a sudden, I looked like Uncle Fester's ugly twin sister! LOL!!!! But I wore some cute beanies for a few months, and then as soon as I was done with chemo, my hair came back with a vengeance!
I'm so in love with you both great buddies 💕
I'm walking the journey alone,last week I went for hair cut when I noticed my hair had started falling 😢😢😢 my second chemo is next week but I'm hating how days are rushing coz I hate the side effect
Thank you. I'm waiting for my biopsy results...don't get them until July 10.  I've been overwhelmed at times (I've KNOWN something was wrong for a while, but had no family doctor in Newfoundland)... so now that I'm back, it's been a waiting game. Seeing you now and watching these older videos gives me hope. HOPE instead of fear. I love you for that. xoxo
✨✨✨✨✨✨❤
LOVE YOU!
i love this haircut on u
Why are they the hottest couple ever Just saying
You look amazing no matter if you have hair or not and I’m sending prayers
U guys are sooooo beautiful inside and out, best wishes,,,,,,,,
Beautiful video. Beautiful bald!
You poor sweetheart.   Going through all of this so soon after Lee's departure.    Watching this all I could think of was that it's ok to cry !!!  But you DO look amazing !  Kudos to you and Eamon... you guys have all you need to shine through this.  Ps. This happened a year ago.  I see that you now have the cutest pixie... ❤
I'm catching this a year later but can I just say that my first thought after your bangs were finally gone was " Wow, she looks so fierce"! There was a moment, just a split second, that you had this flash of thought running through your mind. To me that flash of light in your eyes said "Screw this s$&#!... I am gonna beat this!!
Love you guys and sending all my love and light your way xx
I also cried when it was time to shave my hair. It's silly how much we get attached to ourselves with hair. I could'nt look at myself in the mirror for a long time and there are no pictures of me with my buzzcut.  I've lost friends to cancer now and I try to grow out my hair every 3 years so I can donate it to those who need it.  I know this is an old video, but thank you for sharing your journey. I surely made some memories and feelings loose with me.
U r a ❤️❤️real champion..... ma'm how to take care d picc line and take bath kindly share the thing
I am so proud of you Bec ,you are a beautiful loving soul i wish one day i could meet you too i am not far from you ,You will get through this Bec ,Sending lots of hugs peace and love .😘🌻
That wig is stupid cute, Bec! I know this is an old video but it looks amazing on you! On the days you want to have some length, I think the wig & wearing a head scarf with the wig on would be so adorable on you. 🥰 Keep thriving mamas. You are amazing!
I absolutely love and always have how much Eamon loves Bec. I’ve been a subbie for years and I’ve always loved how much he adores her but now with the cancer, he’s her own personal cheerleader & that’s exactly what she needs right now. Sending love & positivity to you guys. ❤
u look really good with short hair and with no hair... lucky.
I just had my first chemo 2 weeks ago.  Got my hair cut short also, but now it is coming out in clumps.   I am going to have to shave and not looking forward to it.  My scalp also was tingling, so I knew it meant that was next.  Cold cap therapy also out of the process also.  Not worth it.
You BOTH are so BEAUTIFUL
I’m amazed at Canadian healthcare. I worked in dermatology. We can pay $1,000 for a Derm visit in the US. Managing acne is very expensive!
Most Ashkenazy Jews have breast cancer.
you two are an amazing couple!!  I'm loosing my hair currently from radiation treatments for a brain tumor.  All the feelings you felt are the exact same as what I'm feeling now.  I truly enjoyed watching your video, it gives me hope and makes me feel so not alone.  I hope your currently doing well!
Bec I know this is an old video and you have moved past this part of the journey. But it really does look awesome! You’re just so naturally pretty literally you could walk around with a garbage bag on your body and no hair and big crazy, chunky glasses and still look dropdead gorgeous! It’s also your personality girlfriend! That makes you just out of this universe gorgeous!
As a guy who recently lost his hair due to chemo I can say it even upsets men.  I was diagnosed with stage 4B prostate cancer. I did the radiation no the chemo. Having no hair is not what the issues is. Tons of guys go around with shaved heads. I don’t even stand out.  BUT what you think is. Cancer isn’t just going to take my life it is even going to take my hair, my mobility, my strength. The hair is just one more thing it takes from you and you have no power to stop it.   Paul.
I have Stage 2 breast cancer and I have to shave my head this week. This was really helpful Bec in preparing for that. Thanks.
Another vegan with cancer. Terrible.
Damn this brought me to tears. You’re inspirational
I get it! I completely get it! I don’t have breast cancer but went through septic shock. And after a long fight to stay alive and the staff working so hard to keep my hair clean and tangle free, it started to fall out. I now have bald spots all over and have been just wanting to shave it off. Your blog has empowered me to embrace what happened to me and not let hair or society define who I am by how I look! Thank you for sharing with the world! I hope I can do the same when I am brave enough to say goodbye to my hair!! You’ve inspired me!
You look so beautiful😊
The young couple that bought our house a couple years ago ended up with a  super shock as their baby boy was born with Downs Syndrome. Now he is in his fourth round of chemo as he has leukemia.
Blessings to you. I feel the same way....my identification is was my long black curly hair I am soooo sad that I will be shaving my head. it will grow back but still. I was looking for strength somewhere. Blessings
Been wathing y'all with Kara and Nate ... Love y'all (and them lol) ... I have no words to say/express for what you have had to go through.  Definitely have a new subsrciber - and even if this is an old vid... I definitely can't wait for y'alls adventures!
Just found out I have breast Cancer. It really helps to watch your channel. I have surgery April 3rd. What’s my journey going to be like? I don’t know. Right now it’s scary. Thank you. You look great. ❤
you are so strong
I found you through Kara and Nate… and I just don’t have words to express how beautiful you both are. Watching this series has been hard but healing for me . Right around the time you were diagnosed I lost my Mom to MBC. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending you both so much love!
i will go throough the same pain
I'm about to buzz my hair off after 2 weeks of chemo, like when Mt partner get back from the CVS with clippers. I spent yesterday with hair just sliding out. It didn't hurt then. But, omg, it hurts today. I plan on not crying because my partner is being so awesome about everything for the last 2 long, hard, and ugly months.   Thanks for making these videos! I'm watching along with my own timelime.
Bawling my eyes out Scene 1: When Bec said "I'm losing alot of hair I think we're gonna have to shave my head" and Eamon said "it's just hair you don't need hair for love." Bawling my eyes out Scene 2: When Eamon gave her the plant and said "you won't have hair but it will." Bawling My eyes out Scene 3: When Bec started crying and whispered "you're gonna be beautiful, you are beautiful." and "it's just hair buddy it'll grow back" Bawling my eyes out Scene 4: When Eamon offered Bec a chair. Bawling my eyes out Scene 5: When Eamon "Baby look at yourself, you're beautiful." Bawling my eyes out Scene 6: When Eamon got done and said "you look awesome!  Honestly baby you look really cool!" Bawling my eyes out Scene 7: When Eamon said "I'm not just saying that, you look awesome, you really do!" so encouragingly and lovingly. Bawling my eyes out Scene 8: The ending when Bec was talking about being empowered by shaving her head  Girl you are rockin' the shaved head!  I don't know where you are in your cancer journey but good luck and you are in my prayers!  Eamon too!  Excuse me while I mop the floor with this big puddle of tears that just came outta me!
You both are amazing people! Bec I believe you should leave the short short hair.
Bec I just fucking love you (and Eamon) your vulnerability is changing lives. #LiveBraveLee❤
Thanks for the hair loss journey!!  I had breast cancer and had a mastectomy on my right breast.  I lost my hair, brows, lashes.....everything!!  I had the most beautiful lashes and didn get them back, just a little hair here and there, not much; same with my brows....the right side only grew half way and stopped.  I hope you did better than I did, but my hair grows like a weed.  I cut it short a couple years ago and its already almost to my buttocks again.
Today February 29, 2023 I’m going to shave my head because of Chemotherapy. Watching you I feel better already. Thank you!
You are beautiful inside and out! You are beautiful with or without hair! You have a wonderful personality and you are such a strong woman. I just love watching your video's, because you keep me strong! Eamon is such a wonderful partner, you are so great together! Thank you for sharing your story, I look forward to your next videos. My prayers are with you, take care and be safe!!!❤️😍🥰🙏
You are beautiful. You are strong. You are encouraging. I’m so proud of you for getting through this. Sending love and positive vibes
You are beautiful! I have so much respect for you! Thank you for sharing! You are saving lives👍😊❤
Bappy to have a strong man and that dog is amazing all the best girl
I just had my second round of chemo yesterday, the hair thing is the hardest for me, I'm Choctaw Native American, my long hair is more than just looking good for me, but I like that too of course. Thank you for showing this, it helps.
this video helped me so much. I recently relapsed and had to undergo chemo for it. i had grown back all my hair and truly struggled to part with it. seeing you shave it and go bald but not letting that define you as sick is really what i needed. i cut my hair into a bob and plan to shave it soon. im so glad you put out this video because im sure it helped many other people as well <3
I see this is a old post but how is everything? I hope yall have a lot of good things to come!
I cried a lot when I lost my hair, I got depressed and I didn’t want to see and talk with anybody, people say don’t worry it will come back, but at that moment you just think in what is happening at that moment. I just finished my treatments and I can’t wait to see my hair again 🙏🏻
Eamon you are truly amazing!! Bec you are beautiful and so strong!! Thank you for showing us your journey and I am always cheering you on ❤
When my sister was going through chemo I went over and had her shave my head, hug her, then shaved her head. Cathartic for both of us.
I just began to watch you two today. It happened because Eamon swapped vehicles with another YouTuber I follow. I came to your page, saw the videos entitled, “cancer”and initially thought, not going to watch them because there’s already enough death and disappointment in my life. Somehow I found myself watching Bec’s journey after falling for Ozo. I have cried with every one. I hope Bec is better now. I will continue to follow your nice family. You are brave and beautiful. Please listen to that.🤞🏽🙏🏽
You guys are my new heros!  Truly!!  I know this is an old video, but I'm just now getting to it.  I can only hope that if I, or my husband, ever have to go through something like this, that we can be as brave, supportive, loving, and strong as you two!  Thank you so much for posting this entire journey, even though I"m sure there were plenty of days that you questioned whether or not you should.  I know that this has benefitted many people!
You guys are amazing. Bec you are so positive and beautiful and Eamon is so supportive and knows how to make you laugh and feel better. You have such a beautiful face, anything suits you ❤️
I’m rewatching these videos and I wish I could go back in time and tell Bec while she’s going through this that she will be loving and ROCKING the short hair a year from now on a beach in Mexico.
Thanks you two, I am a little less sad now x
It sad to see you going through so much pain but still keeping a smile on your face❤❤❤
I’ve always said that true natural beauties do not need their hair to be beautiful- and you are the perfect example of a true natural beauty my dear. You had lovely long hair and when your head was shaved - still absolutely beautiful. Now I think you know that - short hair actually suits you best. But I totally get how traumatic this must have felt for you. Your man is an absolute legend. Good men are the best, hey?
Loosing hair is the least of the cancer worries. Mine All Fell OFF after first treatment and I had long course hair and I never felt better  without all that long hair. It is now easier to wash and I bought many lovely wigs for when I go out!
You guys are both awesome! Bec you’re beautiful hair or no hair. I start my chemo on Monday and your channel is helping me deal with my journey. ❤
I just want to say that you guys are going to make great parents. I love you guys. I respect your strength so much.
you guys are just amazing.... love you guys heaps..
You're soooooooo strong Bec!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love U😘
Thank you for sharing your story. Very courageous x
Just stumbled onto this and I love you guys, I'm a breast cancer survivor also and I remember these feelings. Eamon, you must know that every little gesture and kind word you give Bec made her stronger.  Not all people are capable of empathy or support in trying times, but watching you be there for Bec is beautiful. God bless
Absolutely beautiful with or without hair!
Just diagnosed with ovarian cancer and I agree, Bec, allow ourselves to express all the emotions, don’t hold back, will feel better later on. People tell me to be strong and I say that staying in touch with what we’re feeling is the bravest thing we can do.
I shaved my head and now its growing back and I am just trying to have fun with it! Thank you so much for sharing your journey! https://youtu.be/P_rso_LQfe4  So good to have support behind you!
So grateful I came across your story. I have been diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer.  And after many jokes and trying to be tough as if this is like any other sickness, my biggest fear is losing my hair because I feel my hair makes me pretty. I start chemo in 2 weeks and now I'm becoming anxious. As I watched and cried with you I wanted to say Thank you for giving me hope and understanding that the pain is real and this will pass.  Your cancer journey not only reminds me that I am not alone but truly was an eye opener for my husband. Thank you for sharing your story!
I shaved my husband's head, he was sexy too!and you make no mistake your sexy!!!
You are verry strong and  BEAUTYFUL 🫵🏼👌🏻I have long 🫁 cancer and have no hair..GOD bless you and be strong ❤
I'm going for a breast biopsy in 2 days. Your video has brought tears to my eyes. The love you have for each other is so moving.  Not everyone is so lucky. ❤️✨❤️
Bec actually did look beautiful bald.
Amazing
Thank you for sharing your journey
Eamon is the best buddy.
you couldn't look more beautiful !!! You are amazing, both of you. xx
me crying either  is the ghost pepper chips or the fact that you have to go through this bec...
LOL!!!! Osso!OMG!!!! 🤣🤣
you look pretty hair or no hair!
Bald is beautiful girl! : )
Bec you look good no matter what.
Thank you for being you
This video has helped me immensely. I'll be losing my hair in the next week or so and it's been absolutely devastating. Being able to share the raw emotions with others who understand, even through videos like this, is so important. Thank you both for being on here and vulnerable. 🖤
Bec you're an amazing woman. Thanks for letting us go on this journey with you. Eamon you are also an amazing and loving person. Both of you stay strong.
Thank you for your Journey it's going to be my first time
Eamon,  you look like just like Dave Grohl from the Nirvana Days with that wig on. It is uncanny.
I completely understand! I too lost all of my long brown hair , ! I go for a haircut tomorrow!!! I’m a year cancer free
I am starting chemo and radiation next Monday, and while I have bought wigs and fake eyelashes already, I can really appreciate just how much our hair changes the way we look. The thoughts that you stated, where people will know just by looking at us, the personal journey we are going through was one of my first thoughts too.
We love you Bec ❤❤❤❤❤
I was diagnosed with stage 1A IDC sept 22,2022. Mine was HR+ & HER2+. I decided to have a double mastectomy without reconstruction & that happened Nov 15,2022. I started chemo Dec 28th of Taxol & Herceptin, immunotherapy for the her2+ status. I’ll be going weekly for 12 weeks then it drops to only the Herceptin for another 12 weeks. Then the anti hormone pills I’ll have to take for 8-10 yrs. I haven’t been sick or lost my hair yet but I do have another infusion in 3 days so who knows how I’ll feel?! I watched all of you videos about your cancer story about 7 mths ago, long before I’d be on a similar path as you. Even though it’s one of the worst things anyone can go through, the way you handled it was beyond inspiring so I decided to watch again. You’re a breath of fresh air. Thank you so much for sharing ❤
Was anyone else tearing up when she started sharping her head
Eamon you are incredible human being. You are the best partner she could have asked for. And Bec.. you DO look so so pretty!!! As women in society we put waaay to much of our worth in looks into our hair as every woman  I’ve ever seen shave their head looks just as good, if not better, without hair. It’s a pretty cool thing to realize.
Es impresionante que haya personas tan valientes, que afrontan la enfermedad de una forma tan positiva. Creo que este mundo necesita de mas gente como tu y, por eso, espero que todo salga bien aunque sea un camino duro estoy seguro que todo ira bien... Un fuerte abrazo para ti y toda la fuerza del mundo para los dos!!
She is so strong I don't think I could ever lose my hair my hair is a main part of me ik it's just hair but I think I look so much better with it and I'm so insecure as it is that I don think I could do it she looks so freaking pretty I'm jealous
Your beautiful  hun never forget that or doubt yourself, stay strong x
Try gerson therapy
Happy holiday, you are brave.  Keep encouraging others, keep fighting.🖤💚💛 One love
This is such an amazing video. It shows your true beauty, Bec. You’re gorgeous.   And Eamon. There’s nothing but love.
Bec, I think you are so strong and amazing, one of my best friends mom just died of stage four breast cancer and it’s been really hard for me and my family and her family. I remember when she cut her mom’s hair it was very emotional, but a great experience, I love you guys so much! Keep staying strong!❤
Sweetheart you are beautiful no matter what you are a beautiful woman keep strong keep fighting you got this girl you were the prettiest girl in the world keep that in your mind you're pretty you're special just keep pushing you will beat this my prayers go out to you and your better half
I really love how you two handled the situation. My mom was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer last November 2022. I'm literally about to cry now but I know we'll get through this. Thanks for sharing your story . Hope you inspire more women to fight cancer.
I think you look Beautiful. Some people just look Great With No Hair. 11 Vibes. (Stranger Things)❤️🙏🫶
This should be a documentary...I've followed both of ur journey...thank u for ur raw and true journey...ur are such a powerful force of nature both of u x
could you please play  this song for her : "This is me" greatest showman
❤💋
You two are so totally amazing and I am so grateful you are sharing your journey with us!!! God bless you!
My fiancé is about to start chemo. I’m very scared. I will be as supporting her through this. The emotional toll has been tremendous. Thank you for the videos.
Eamon is absolutely the best support
You both are so inspirational! If we all could face life's curve balls as you have the world would have less pain. Hang in there you are beautiful of a person and you shine!
I have cervical cancer i feel you it is soo hard
You look beautiful with no hair You look beautiful in any way we all love you
I’m seeing your video 11-28-22. You were so brave to show all your feelings. You do look good bald.
I have found out about my cancer few days ago and i am determined to fight this for my family. Thanks for sharing your journey!
You are so brave and beautiful. 🤍
Hi I’m just about to start my chemo ( after losing my second breast a couple of months ago) your an inspiration! And a serious help for me on my cancer journey with knowing things to expect, Thankyou, Tracy in Somerset, uk,
yorprfict😘😘😘🤩🤩🤩🥰🥰🥰😏😏😏🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🏅🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇
yoorbyoobfolnomatrwut     luv🥰😇😁
Love love you're  video's! Both of you are so beautiful! My dear you are brave and you're sweetheart is just awesome looking after you. Be bless and just be yourself. Praying for you!! Greetings Melinda from South-Africa 🙏🙏🧏‍♀️
I'm off to my 2nd round on Tues so about another 5 days until my hair goes. Reached out to Wig creations but WAY too expensive.  It's all so traumatic! Good luck in your fight. 👊👊
this has to be my most favorite episode of you both! you two could not have been more perfect for each other,
You slay being bald Bec
We all know how difficult this was for her all of the haters out there need to understand what she’s going threw
Thank you for sharing your experience,  just found out I have stage 2 cancer and I'm finding comfort in your positive attitude
I think he should cut his hair for support for his wife I cut my hair to support for u and my mother
I freaking love your short bob!!!
Bec, you are gorgeous! ❤
You are beautiful with that hair
Iam so sorry 😞
I did the same thing when I began going through chemo. I'd just had my very long hair cut with highlights when I was told about needing chemo. My scalp hurt sooo bad after the first RCHOP. I had a friend, hairdresser, cut it to a bob also and let my hair fall out naturally. I did buy a couple wigs (one real hair and the other was not). One was long darker blonde and the other was very short light blonde. Moving along, when we'd go out to try to do Xmas shopping, and my husband couldn't find me as he forgot which wig I was wearing. 🤣 It was fun changing wigs up. Spent much less time with my hair. I was actually ok with it and I was so worried. My eldest son (away at university) did NOT want to see me without hair and was likely shocked at my appearance especially being swollen face etc from prednisone. I was always so tiny and my son hadn't seen me for awhile. I adore your attitude. Your family is absolutely precious and warms my heart. Wishing you (all) the very best. I just began watching your videos and will watch all of them. Hugs to you all from North Bay. 🇨🇦
New  ideas brings hope. Stop Chemo. Use left kingship to fight it! Newly punished on LULU,  - Author Kevin Anaekwe
I am a new viewer. I just wanted to say that watching your marriage is very very precious. I can’t put into words what it is like to witness the two of you lean into each other. In both moments of heartache and breathlessness and in moments of joy and laughter your marriage is like a sweet sweet song. Whatever you may believe I feel like God gave you you as gifts to one another. Very heartwarming. Thank you for letting us all be flies on the wall and be witnesses to your love! ❤
Hi I’m Sam I’m in school I can totally relate this   My mum have cancer and even two of my aunts have cancer they got diagnosed last year   I don’t know the stage i mean no one told men  By the way Lots of love and hugs 🤗 ❤ Wish you get more than good  Wish you perfectly splendid  I’m glad you are doing good
Wow, such a powerful video.  You looked so beautiful with and without hair. Eamon is a complete star too
What your going through can be such a hard, draining ugly process, but through your eyes and Eamon’s support I can see the beauty of it now. Not the cancer but the phases and the process of going through the steps to overcome it. You could have let this break you and bring you down and tear you guys apart but your love and support for one another is just amazing. You have this inner light and strength that just shines and radiates off of you. I’m just blown away by how amazing you guys are. Just wow!
Omg! i didn’t even realize i hadn’t been subscribed 🥺, so sorry i am now!!! I check in constantly though🫶🏼. I saved all your videos since you’ve been posting about your new obstacle but i’ve been binge watching your journey and am so so proud of you. you’re beautiful bec. 💗
Long hair, bob or bald, you are gorgeous inside and out! Thank you for sharing your insights, emotions and your struggles ❤ I think you already know this but, crying let's the sad out :)
Hey Bec, thanks for posting this. I am nearing the end of my cancer journey and somehow seeing your journey has been healing for me. It’s brave to share this in vulnerability, thank you for that 💛
I watched this before I was stage 3. Watched this before chemo. Watched this after I chopped my hair. Watched this after chemo. Now this hits home since some of my strands are starting to fall out. I heart you guys. ❤
I’ve been there and now am five years out. My heart is with you
You are so incredibly strong and inspirational! You look bad ass with no hair definitely game me a flash back to G.I. Jane (Demi Moore)
I was diagnosed with breast cancer dec 2011,stage3 grade 3,when I lost my hair I was hysterical it was long,but survived and still here.i wish you well and stay strong.
#weloveyouBec
Just a quick message to say thankyou for this totally open and honest video 💖 I'm just at the beginning of my journey and decided to also do the gradual cut to get used to things. I've had super long, thick, bright red hair for over 15 years and so far am finding not being able to colour it the hardest (I'm 53 so lots of white in my roots - not grey as the argument with my grandaughter rages on 😆). Got my beautiful daughter to cut 3 or 4 inches off for me recently and today will see me finally letting a professional take it down to a bob. I'm actually quite looking forward to it but I guess that's easy to say at 6am when I still have 12 hours of long hair left.  I'm not ready to watch the rest of your journey atm as even though I am aware of what is coming I'm not ready to actually see it in all it's rawness. I will be back when I'm feeling more able though for sure.  Btw it was awesome to see you guys yoga together. Was that Adriene I heard on that video? I'm a die hard YWA fan and have been finding it so hard not to be able to do my daily session due to pain from my RIG feeding tube. My stitches came out yesterday though and it feels much more comfortable so maybe today I might be able to fit a gentle session in 🙏  Wishing you guys all the best, keep on loving and living well ❤ 💕
The love that you have for each other it’s a blessing. Continued like you are for the rest of your life. You both are so positive. God bless you both
You are really beauty without hair...
bec looks like a high end model without hair
This is an amazing video! I donate my hair every 1.5yrs for kids with cancer. This solidifies that hair indeed matters for cancer patients 💕
Lincoln
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤i❤vi❤v❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
you are amazing
Your so cool girl your the best
Great support there .... allowing her to grieve ❤️
Bec and Eamon sending lots of love and hugs
When Eamon put on the first wig you got he looked like the rocker Tommy Lee of Motley Crue. Bec you look great with short hair, your smile shows your inner beauty. I would have liked it if Eamon shaved his head in solidarity or if he allowed Bec to shave his head.
When u shaved your hair I was scared at first but it looked actually really cool!
You look beautiful!!!!! I know how it feels, I was crying as well when I was shaving my head. It was really hard for me. Still doing chemo 5 more left to be done. Then 6 weeks radiation.
Eamon is so beautiful 🥹
Bec, you are lucky to have Eamon so you don’t have to go through it yourself.
You are so so strong and amazing and someone in my family had the same thing you  had and you look amazing as anyone  you are so strong  you and Eamon are so sweet you guys make my day so much  I hope everyone watching hit the sub 😍🥰😛😋
Darlin You are BEAUTIFUL with hair or without hair. I too had MBC and lost my hair all over my body from chemo. I kind of liked the part of not having to shave my legs any more but my hair did come back but my eye lashes still haven't returned. But I'm cancer free after being off and on chemo for 8 years. Hang in there little sister.
This is so real, raw and eye opening!! Thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing your story. You are so strong Bec! And Eamon, wow! What a guy. You guys are such a beautiful  couple and a kick ass team! You got this Bec!! If anyone does, it’s you! Sending nothing but good vibes and positivity your way. You are such a bright light and even more gorgeous without hair
You have been created with a purpose and your testimony of hope will inspire many and already has!! Jesus is the mighty physician and has healed miraculously before my eyes. Salvation is a free gift and can’t be earned. Just a willingness to believe and receive and turn from our sin. He wills to work mighty wonders. I pray you will come to believe in the ONLY One who can save your soul and heal your body.  I declare Father that this precious child’s eyes be opened to Your undeniable presence in her life. I bind the spirit of infirmity OUT in the name of Yahweh/Jesus. I bind upon her head Your purpose and will to come to full fruition! May she give You ALL the glory! Amen!
Hi
😢😢😢😢sorry 😢😭😭😭😭😭💓💓
Cool and nice
Nice
Eamon is such a beautiful soul. It's nice to have a very supportive hubby whose love for partner is boundless.
Nice
Lovely
Awesome
Amazing 🥰
Nice
Gorgeous
Wow I never felt so touched by a YouTuber than by you and your story! Thank you deeply for sharing your experience and all the best
❤️❤️❤️
You guys are looking so amazing
when did you start to loose your hair?  I had my first chemo yesterday
Wow
Love your vibes
You look so amazing
Great
Accept Jesus Christ as your LORD and saviour, why ignore him? He is waiting for you today, tomorrow maybe your last day.
You will definitely get Over it ok
Your in my Prayers ❤
Nice
I love dogs
Wow
Wow..
Nice partners
I know that wasn’t easy, I just want to say thank you for sharing this video, stay strong and enjoy your life
you’re so beautiful Bec 🙏🏽🙌🏾😘💙
When white women learn what black women are talking about.
I cut my hair into a bob too and subconsciously talked myself into thinking I might be one of the lucky ones and not lose my hair. I start round 2 of chemo tomorrow and my hair has started to fall out. I'm not ready to shave my head yet but am watching this video to remind myself that I will get through this. Thank you for sharing your journey and helping myself and others prepare for the scary unknown. We'll get through this together!❤️
This brought back so many memories. Almost 26 years ago, I was diagnosed with stage 3a lung cancer. I was lucky enough to be placed into a protocol - chemo and radiation at the same time. I remember going through the hair loss and my wonderful husband shaved my head too. My head did not like wigs, so I opted for the hat with hair attached, or just went bald. Thank you for sharing your experiences. I know it will help others going through the same thing. I continued to be checked at intervals, and after 11 years, my doctor said I was cured. I did not have to go back anymore. I knit chemo caps for the Cancer Center here, about 30 a year, and have volunteered at the hospital for 9 years. I also was very involved with the Relay for Life where I was Entertainment Chair and on the Board for about 4 years. When you make it through, and that happens so often now, you give back. Thanks again.
Watching this back again, still in awe of the journey you both have so graciously taken on. You both inspire me daily. Random question but what piece of music was the first song in this? It was beautiful!
Your head scarfs are so cute on you. You are truly beautiful inside and out bec. I’m so proud of you, you are an inspiration to all ❤️ I wish you grand healing head to to through your soul with love and joy
I am so sorry my grandma had lung cancer for 3 months before she passed and the day next after she started losing her hair she shaved it I am proud of you stay strong
I;m crying right along with you. You are strong  you are beautiful you are LOVED!!
I'm 3 days into my first round of chemo - with the red one. How I can relate to everything you went through. I've cut my hair into a bob and am too stalling on the BIG shave. Such an inspirational video. Thank you so much for sharing this very emotional journey xx
I found your channel awhile back and I have been following you ever since I was born with out hair I am just now embracing my lack of hair you are more than your hair hope you keep up the good work God loves use just as we are 😊
I was just diagnosed with stage 3 ductal carcimoma and at 65 I hope and pray I have your strength. Praying you are well! Love your flog.
I was just diagnosed with stage 3 ductal carcimoma and at 65 I hope and pray I have your strength. Praying you are well! Love your flog.
🔥❤️
Lovely couple
I just discovered your channel through Max & Occy and I have just been binge watching your videos!! I know I’m late with this comment but I had to tell you that you truly are just as beautiful without hair as you are with and how amazing it was to see you take control and shave your head before the chemo did it for you! I am so glad your doing so much better and pray for continued good health and blessings❤️
Found your channel along with my own diagnosis for ovarian cancer. Lost my hair after my 1st chemo. Always had a love-hate relationship with it, Just didn’t want to see it falling out.  Hubby is bald, so we are now a matching pair.  ❤
I didn’t have cancer but I lost a ton of hair after traumatic life event and seeing the clumps of hair coming out in the shower was just hard for me so I feel for you Bec!! You’re beautiful inside and out with hair or without! 🥰
You got this
I am so sorry 😢
Great video you look really good with short hair and no hair.Eamon is great help you are very lucky
I know that it may feel like people are saying nice things just to make you feel better, but GIRL!!!  You look gorgeous with a shaved head! To clarify, you are beautiful with or without hair, but you look incredible.  And that is fact.  🤗
People wear makeup because they think they need it to look beautiful. Hair is the same way. Everyone is beautiful.
I’m so sorry stay strong babe♥️♥️♥️
I love how this is encouraging you through the changes that cancer chemo makes.... I love the long wig and the short hair and would actually love to see you play with a colored wig too at some point!! You are both beautiful people!!
you look awesome
Thank you for this. I just had to have all my teeth pulled from sickness and depression and I am NOT doing well with it at all. I completely understand ALL your emotions in this video and I am crying with you Bec ❤️ I wish I was as brave as you are! I'm gonna continue to watch your journey and hope I can muster some of your courage. Thanks for all you do and share with us. Much love.
I know this was a while ago and your hair is growing back now but I want to tell you that when I found out I was going to lose my hair, of course like you I was sad. I saw a lady that had a hat on and it was obvious she was going through chemo. I looked at her and thought if she can do this so can I …. She inspired me to never wear a wig and to let everyone see me and be inspired if they someday found themselves in my situation. You were so brave through all this, these videos will help so many 😊
Cool
I got my dog before starting my treatment as a insentive. Moose my dog was definitely the best he brought so much happiness and joy. ❤
You are beautiful hair or no hair, you are beautiful. Keep being you! You are incredible. ❤❤🙂
I understand how you feel when you said about hair loss, when I had c...er years ago, losing hair was the worst part. I was too scared to shower, brush my hair, due to seeing my hair falling out. Your amazing bec and so so strong and inspiring , I love your positive energy. I hope everything goes well for you and Eamon. All the best X💓❤️
Omg!Bec you look HOT BABE, shaved head suites u.One up Girlfriend.
Eamon is the best husband ever!!!
Get well soon❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
looks awesome
I went through 8 rounds of chemo  for Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma....tough to see someone else go through all of those emotions. I could have never taped a video while going through it.
I’ve been following you for years, I put off watching the cancer episodes. My wife was diagnosed 8 weeks ago with Neuroendocrine tumors in her lower stomach. This episode with the hair loss and cutting is hard. We both cried all the way through my shaving her hair, to this day her hair loss has been hard for her. We have 4 wigs with natural hair ones being worked on. Thanks for what your doing with this temporary life setback.
I am reay to chemo this Friday. It helped a lot thanks so much. Love ❤️
❤️
I never had cancer but I had really bad trichtotilimania and while my hair is slowly coming back I've had soo much fun with different wigs!!! :D So there's a silver lining! I got short ones, long ones, ones that look like how my curly brown hair was, blonde ones, brown ones with highlights, an emerald green one, ones with bangs, ones with cool mixes of colors!! SO much more!!!   That's the bright side. You're so gorgeous!  You'll kill any color and style and it's so fun to be able to change up my hairdo in 5 seconds without a salon! I cried once I realized my hair was gone without me even noticing I was pulling it out! I didn't realize how attached I was to my hair!  I'm so serious you look SO SO beautiful!!!
You still look just as beautiful!!! <3 You've got this!
You are absolutely stunning!! I know we identify ourselves greatly by our hair, but you have embraced this process so amazingly well. You got this girl!! Bald looks good on you.
My sister recently diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer.  I pray she does not go through this
you look beautiful Bec you are sooooooo strong
in
ni a bobcut
you like so good
That's so frickin beautiful that function of beauty sponsored this video and your shout out to them. Almost as amazing as your outlook and strength. Keep it up girly! Love and high vibrations to you and Eamon always
Wow! you guys just blow me away with the amazing relationship that the two of you have. how fortunate you are Bec to have Eamon as a partner and your biggest support. Iam new to your channel and can't stop watching. I also have cancer, mine is liver cancer. I am currently going through chemotherapy, and I wanted to let you know Bec just how much watching your channel is helping me go through this process. i am divorced so I am going through all of this without a partner to help me get through those really rough nights when your friends and family just aren't there.   So once again many thanks to you both for being as awesome as you are!!! Best to you both, Nanette.
I discovered your story and channel a few days ago. You are so brave, and so nice to share this with a lot of people. Some of them might relate and feel a little better that they can went through the same process and fears, and insecurities.
Watching your positivity and perseverance is an inspiration to many...thank you for being vulnerable and showing the scariest/tenderest moments of your life through these beautiful videos. Sending love and best wishes your way. You are also beautiful on the inside and out. With or without hair.
'You don't need hair for love"
You two are incredible 🙏🏽 touched my heart.
It is difficult loosing one's hair, thank God for wigs!! It is more upsetting than i thought too. In my profile picture im wearing a wig, it was even before my diagnosis. I usually wear just a chemo cap now since the top of my head and sides dont have much hair. Where my doctor cut the incision, so far no hair.  Oh, my natural hair color is dark brown too. You so adorable with the Bob cut. It fits your personality!! I was so happy when my daughter shaved my head because it was coming out a lot. One less thing to worry about! My daughter is 34 and she shaves her head and loves it. She had gorgeous long hair but likes to shave it. Looks great on her! Well, Bec, i hope your days are still going wonderful for you and your honey!
Having just tuned in, I'm a cancer patient and have been where you are. You rock that bald head! It's badass. Cancer has a way of bringing out your inner badass, and a whole slew of other things you never knew about yourself. You got this.
So brave 😘
❤️❤️
❤❤❤🙏🙏
Love you guys! You’re strong and the love between the two of you is BEAUTIFUL! Keep being the amazing people that you are! You’re gonna get through this!  Much love! 💖
Thanks!
I haven’t seen your videos in a while, and did not know about the C word! You are doing so good and handling it so well. Also you have a great guy with you! Hang in there you got this!
HI Bec and Eamon,I just discovered your channel,and I love it.Bec,you are so STRONG,AWESOME,SMART,and last but NOT least,BEAUTIFUL!! Thank you for sharing your journey.I cry when you cry,and smile when you smile.Eamon,you are an ANGEL on this earth. God Bless You Both,sith Love,Happiness,and Good Health!! Love You Both!! xoxo from,Donna,Long Island,New York.😊😊😘😘❤❤
You are gorgeous with and without hair🥰
I am so sorry you have to walk this journey, but it appears you have a wonderful and loving husband that takes very good care of you.  I think you should know you are so beautiful without hair.  Your facial features really shine through.
hi,you are amaizing peron and I wish you all the best in your life,You aree couragge peron, but I am sad thinhing on all other person tha are sich,livingin tinny houses,with less money for healthy food and without loving ,patient and humorfull partnes on side, We shoud make something for all this peoples that must have dignitous life. Excuse my english, I am from croatia,eurole and every day I see desperate persons, Fortunatly I am healthy,78 old and sad that I dont know hou to help them, Best regards to you both and a big kiss, vesna
She is so strong and not to mention she is so gorgeous bald and not☺️
I am in awe of the story you have shared with us. And it has been done so naturally and honestly.  You are amazing people, and you are going to help so many people who see this and may have to go through it themselves in the future.
Not everyone can look as amazing as you do bald listen to your husband you look beautiful 😍 just catching up on all your videos and I'm so sorry but your going to get through this your strong your beautiful and your intelligent you guys got this strength for Edmon I have been in his shoes and it's very hard even tho he looks unfazed I got you Edmon my love and positive prayers for the family love you guys
This was so difficult to watch but also so inspiring of just how brave you are ...Bec you look beautiful no matter what length your hair is ... sending all the healing ✨️
Get well pretty thing
You look like 11 from stranger things 🥺so cute😍
Oh my world
Hello Guys! I am just to sed you love and say you are gorgeous! Also ask what kind of camera and lens you use, because my mother has cancer she wants to do the documentary/ diary like you do.
Hello Guys! I am   here to send you love and say you are gorgeous! Also I need to ask what kind of camera and lens you use, because my mother has cancer she wants to do the documentary/ diary like you do ( so sweet)
I’m so sorry
Everyone appreciate Eamon's support towards Bec and you, bec are so strong and powerful and remember you look beautiful anytims
Oh my goodness! That wig looks exactly like your hair before you cut it!!!! Gorgeous either way!!-Chad
You have so much strength. Your husband is right you are beautiful with or without hair. I decided to watch your video because my sister was just diagnosed with breast cancer. I want to know what she will be going through. You have given me a whole different look on the whole process. Thank you so much for being so open about your journey. You are an amazing person and so is your husband with all his support. I wish you all the best. My thoughts and prayers are with both of you.
He is so sweet , people doesn't really understand how hard it is too fight with a disease and see the physical changes like hair loss , so acts like those means the hole world and makes everything so much "easier" to deal with.
You are such a beautiful woman inside and out!!
You guys are so funny, now you can fight over who gets to wear the wig.
You guys rock, both of you have exceptional attitudes and are keeping it real.
Smart decision regarding the cold cap.
The evident strength and love in this is humbling to witness.  Thank you for sharing your journey.
Poor bec
I feel the love you two have for eachother all the way to Sweden. Keep strong and move on together💕
That pot is awesome
Just wait until your hair starts coming in and completely different color and texture super strange
Loosing my hair was the worst part of my journey. Not because I’m vane but every time I look in a mirror it was a stark reminder that I’m sick.  I got lucky and found the perfect wig even the medical staff want to know the process I went thru so their other patients could find their perfect wig. Take care… you are one day closer to becoming cancer free
Thank you for being so real on here and for sharing all of this with us xxx lots of love always
You DO look great bald!
i’m a bit late but i think you look sick bald
When you were in the bathroom, I cried and cried.
i love how real you are with your whole journey and experience 💕
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT!
What kind of dog is Oso?
Ok your bathroom is cool. I love all the wood work and tile
You guys need a carport so you wont have to get the snow off the car. Youd just have to warm it up and go....carport at lowes $1000
You can model for sure
Yes you look great with bald hair!!!
You are amazing Bec!
Slay Queen slay
Just be your best self and push through. I know both of you got this ❤️❤️❤️
Out of all the journey videos so far, I held back tears with her. Bravery isn't fearlessness, it's going through the fear because you have to, and doing it anyway. I'm not going through anything physically, but I've been through mental illnesses. Illness is hard to handle. It's great you're doing this. Your husband is great, reminds me of mine. He genuinely sees you're beautiful, physical and spiritually, I can see it. You are beautiful. Thank you.
I love you guys. You are so brave and beautiful,.
bec you look so cute bald i might do it some day soon stay strong you got this😍
If you buy a silk pillowcase it will be better on your scalp
Stop telling her she looks awesome, just let her cry damnit! Stage 3 breast cancer survivor.
I’m a 29 year survivor.   Only had surgery no treatment.   I live life to the fullest, still.   Wish you all the love in the world and I thank you for sharing what you are going thru.  God bless you, you are helping so many women everywhere.   I was helped by a group of women, you are helping so many women not to feel alone.  I helped women also.  The circle goes on.  One beautiful person helping another.    Thank you.  Wising you a complete recovery. ❤️
Wow can I just say I’m totally jealous of your amazing long eyelashes
You are one of the few women who can look hot bald!
It’s her head nubbin!
I'm alittle behind in your videos but Good for You !! So glad you made this decision long hair
I was diagnosed on 4/12/22 and lost most of my hair around June about 17 days after my 1st chemo.  In my journey, I did not shave my head.  Honestly, that was more traumatic than just losing my hair.  Today, after 4 treatments, I still have some hair.  It’s comforting even though I don’t have much that I still have some of my own hair.  Everyone’s journey is different but know that there are many ways to cope with it.
U 2 r a super amazing couple.
Bec you are such an inspiration!!! You both! What a journey of emotions! 🥰🥹😭😃🥴🥹🥰 I just started watching you after I saw you guys in Sailing la Vagabonde and you totally enchanted me! Imagine now! I’m crying like crazy!! Hope you are better now Bec. I’ll catch up to your real time soon but in the meantime much love! ❤️❤️
I have those moles all over my head. Losing my hair is one of my worst fears. I'm so sorry, I can't imagine how upset I would be.
Bec, you are such an amazing person. I had really bad alopecia areata last year (nothing compare to you, and I’m so sorry) and I cried almost everyday cos I’m losing my hair each and every day whenever I ran my fingers in my hair. I have so much admiration towards you, because you are SO SO strong and you just got back at it in such a short time. But hey what my dermatologist said was hair was the least important human organ in our body. You are losing it for the better. Just wanna tell you that you are so fucking beautiful!!
Beautiful Bec inside and out! I love you with hair and adore you with no hair. You embody strength and love…
Name your wig Elvira. That is what we call our daughter n laws
continued prayers. i admire your strength. aamon is amazing. sending lots of love n hugs your way..blessings
Ps.  I think you are even more beautiful shaven !  You are STUNNING !!
Omg you have the most amazing supportive husband ever.  How amazing to have him by your side ❤️❤️❤️❤️
i have no words for how strong you are!!, you are the women hero of the year ,i am very proud of you! there are so many people who are going through hard things you are not alone! and do  you know what is the best part of shaving your head is that it grows back! and for now you can wear wigs but i think you look really cute as a bald women, hair does not define your beauty go in the mirror and tell yourself that you are beautiful in every way!!
You both have such a beautiful soul and i am so glad you are documenting this journey! I literally just started watching you guys from the 48 hour camping on a raft video and when i found out about the sudden change in plans for 2022 i cried with you! But i am happy you are continuing to be strong and letting the emotions flow, showing the world what those who have fought cancer go through… this is beautiful and i am hoping and praying for all good things and happy ending to this journey of fighting cancer🥹💓
You are so brave you got this cancer is the worst
Its been a while since I last watched. Last time you guys were in the van living it up on the beach side. It's good to see you guys again. I know the big C is a scary thing but I've never seen a more positive and healthy couple strive and live a awesome life traveling and eating good and doing what's best. You give me hope. I don't take care of myself and now that I'm 30 it's a constant scare/worry/never thinking happy thoughts/regrets. But I know in my heart that If good people like you struggle and have hope then there is no excuse for the "losers" like me. Keep fighting the good fight!!
You so inspire me… I think you are so brave and Damon is a guardian angel, his love for you and all he has done so far on your cancer journey is wonderful and amazing. You are so bless to have each other, love like yours is rare and beautiful. Blessing to you both. I have been watching lots of your FB videos and the realise you have a YouTube channel and I have just watch the entire hair video.   Take care of each other always.. love Bev, Aussie.
Hang in there You got this this is so helpful to all going thru this
it is great to watch this video I am going thru my third cancer and can really identify with all you say. You are beautiful hair or no hair
Sending you both so much love  <3 I just found you guys while searching for vanlife in Ireland. So happy I did!!
A pirac of not having hair is you don’t have to brush you’r hair every morning my ant died daring cemoe therapy funeral was the day before memorial day in Berwel nebrasc her name was Wanda goodrich
I am so proud of you!! I’m praying for you and sending so much love and light and prayers for you! Your beautiful and strong and you will overcome this with so much strength! Love always Amanda 🙏
seeing this quite late but it gives me Charlize Theron Madmax vibez and it does look rad!! you are so strong Bec!!!
I really starting crying with you. When you talked about you never realized how much your hair matters. I have female alopecia and at 24 have lost most of my hair. The one thing I always got complimented on. So I understand how you feel. It’s traumatizing but You look beautiful bald. You really do.
I don’t have a cancer but I do have female hair loss and it’s ducking traumatizing.
Thank you agreed you’re fine because you look good to everyone everybody has morals
i’m starting to lose my hair now, i have stage 3 hodgkin’s lymphoma. Definitely going to look into a wig, you look absolutely stunning bald!! So proud of you beautiful ❤️
This is the sweetest video. I love that you blended your loves hair. It made me tear up.❤️ Sending love!
Don't worry you're not alone I'm bald too
It's going to be okay
Bac you got this it’s OK to be bald and you got this
I was diagnosed with breast cancer yesterday at age 32 and I’m absolutely devastated to be losing my hair just as I’ve got it in a place I really love. I’m worried my bf won’t find me attractive anymore and I can’t afford any of the wigs that I want. 😩❤️
You do look cute! That bob really looks good on you. Hope it starts growing back again soon -x-
Thanks
I wish there were words to express how beautiful you are.  How beautiful you both are together. Sending so, so, so much love and healing your way. 🦋
Thank you for the beautiful share. All the feels right through, hope you doing better, all love from NZ
Girl slayyyyyyyyyyy
Dude you stink I fell out laughing so hard my eyes watered
An amazing journey.  Thank you.
I know she’s scared she’s scared u won’t love or look at her the same . For us . Our hair is our security blanket for most .
You look fantastic and thank you for sharing!
you look like 011 from stranger things your a hero
he is so supportive of this emotion moment
I just started this video, and if you are still reading comments on old videos at this point I have a few things I'd like to say. 1, im sorry I did not comment and watch sooner. I've been in a weird headspace but I adore you both so so much. The second is, you just started talking about you look good bald, and you absolutely do! I know how hard it can be to be wrapped up in your hair length, and how beautiful it is, but also how liberating it can feel when its gone. I literally shaved my head before having a break down leaving an ex and just not wanting to be objectified. And it can be scary, but really amazing. When I gre my hair out, I had a lace strechy ribbon Id tie around my head behind my ears to the back of my head and that always made me feel good. I honestly kinda wanna cut it all off again cause I liked it so much. Im watching these all in order now, so if your hair is already past that point or if none of this is relevant I am so so sorry, im a jerk. I just have so much love for you too, I just cant handle a lot myself unfortunately.  **edit** the fact that Eamon did the first snip, adn Im over here bawling. Like I had to click away for a bit so I can even see whats going on. I cant imagine how this was for you.  Also! Bedroomvibes, thats simply and overwhemingly stunning.  Eamon!!!!!!!!! you dont need hair for love. Im crying so hard =( Hes so sweet. Eamon you are so sweet. Im so glad you both have each other because you two are literally the best people for each other and than you so much for sharing your lives with all of us.  **edit** I just get over crying and the Eamon gives her the plant. Such a beautiful gift.  Bec with a mohawk is fierce! but also, your beauty comes from within, from your smile and your energy. Cliche I know, but hair is like a fantasy. its a preference. It has nothing to do with your soul. Im super mad at myself for not watching these sooner =/ I hope that these feeling arent even relevant to you anymore, but if they are maybe this can help even just a little.   Its like Natalie portman in V for vendetta or Furiosa from mad max. Those where my insperation being bald, and that the same strength I see in you. Its like cancer is your cocooon, and your going to emerge a butterly that inspires so many who just want to give up.
I noticed a beautiful colourful person with a gorgeous smile before I noticed your hair you were incredibly brave , you have amasinggg skin 😍
I just saw a blog with Nate and Kara when you guys were on the raft. You were mentioned by many of their fans so came to check you guys out and I’m several videos in. Wow! Thanks for taking us on this roller coaster of a journey.  I love how Eaman is your greatest cheerleader and constantly tells you how beautiful you are. What a gift to have that kind of support.  And Bec I am in awe of you strength and grace and spirit and fight. I wish you a full and speedy recovery. I’m sure these videos will help many as they go through their own fight and journey with cancer. I love the idea of, on your low days, finding one small thing to be grateful for. A great lesson for all of us
You look beautiful bold !!! Stay strong !,!
You know what you so are pretty, and a strong women.  You look so good. The way you keep on going will bring you joy in your life, and your doing great. Love you. look so good and especially  how hard it has been for you rock .
I discovered your channel yesterday and I love you both! I’m in for the long haul and I wish you both all the best! Stay strong and know you are loved!
After the hair cut your hair style kidna was linger than my sis and she got a hair cut like this a few months ago.
praying for you bec.. stay strong , God is with you 💕
I just found your channel and I just had my first treatment of chemo for breast cancer. It’s a really big relief to see someone go along on a daily basis for me. Thank you x
Eamon great fucking job at suporting your partner...And Bec I apreciate you so much! you are such a strong person and brave woman!!! I am with you at your journey. Stay strong! sending love and support...
Where did you get that pot? I love it!!!
When I lost my hair from treatment I cut it short and shaved the underneath in fun designs before I fully had to shave it. It helped deal with the lost as I had long thick hair. I wore wigs for a while as I hated when it grew back but it does and it's just hair. Support groups are great as well! Having breast cancer so young I needed the support  Now I'm 26 in remission :)
I love how gorgeous you look with the hat!
You do look beautiful! No many women look that amazing bald to be honest!
you reale do look rad and beautiful
I am so sad I had to go through it to
I love how kind you are to yourself. It is beautiful to watch and so inspiring. Letting yourself feel and not always have to put on a 'face'. Thank you.
WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR PROTEIN FROM MA’AM
I cried watching this.  I remember this part of the cancer journey.  I cried when I did it too. I had long beautiful hair too. It. Was. Hard.   Mine is growing back now and I still miss my long hair. Peace.
You are still beautiful, inside and out.        I've been in the same situation and it breaks your heart, but you will come out stronger than before.  Sending you love and positivity from Jane, Italy. X
The plant looks so much like Eamon though !
Your relationship makes me believe in love again
WHY AM I CRYING
Bec I am in awe of you, your strong and beautiful. Eamon bud you are a dude! The most supportive bud bec could ever have. Bec keep fighting you super star. I have loved every video you two have made I sit on YouTube or Facebook to watch all your adventures. May god bless you and eamon. And oso is cute. Take care keep well love prayers and postive vibes sent from the uk! X
Thank you bec for sharing 🙏🏼
You look amazing 😍✨
You look beautiful without hair I think you look better with out hair
I only started watching you guys recently and I didn’t know you conquered cancer ♥️. My mom passed  in 2016 🫣 so I decided to go back and watch your journey. I cry with you, my mom didn’t let me into her journey. So this is really special. Thank you for sharing. ♥️ I’m so happy that you’re all better 🥳🤗 my fave episode .. why? because PLANT HAIR 🪴 ! 🥰🥰🥰
❤️
Holy cow, Bec you are so strong you are such an inspiring woman.  The way you handled it so raw and so real is just amazing, you showed us the truth de ups and downs and that’s just the best way to do it.  Eamon I can’t believe how strong your love for her is, you are such a great partner I applaud that 2. Keep strong guy YOU CAN DO IT AND YOU WILL!!
My mom had breast cancer and I remember the day we shaved her head was one of the toughest but the confidence that I saw in her from being bald and now see in you is empowering   Thank you for sharing your journey. I love sharing ours and it’s amazing to see you do it as well. I’ve loved y’all forever!
Wow! You literally look beautiful with shaved hair! Real kick ass tank girl!
love the way you call each other 'Buddy'. My husband and I have been together 37 yrs, married 35, we too have been through some trying times health wise, after 2 separate seizures my husband had to give me C.P.R as my heart stopped, wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him. Due to various health problems he is my full time carer and my rock. May you have a long a happy life together, after seeing your fertility vlog, look forward to seeing baby Bec & Eamons. xx
you have a great shaped head for rocking no hair
Be Brave Dear Bec.❤️
You sharing your journey is making me ❤ you.
😥
❤️
You look just like 11 from Stranger Things! Looks amazing. 😍
Y’all are my favorite! I can only hope that one day I can have a relationship that even comes close to what you two have!
Everybody needs to go through a punk rock phase at some point! : ^ )
Bec you're so beautiful inside and out xxx
You are so strong and I am so proud of you
Hi guys!!! I just found out this ... And Im crying because you are a lovely couple and your love can fight all. My bets wishes from Argentina!!
you are both beautiful, love you guys xo
Amé el minuto 25: 52. Chicos recién los conozco . Recién me suscribo . Pero me han hecho reír y llorar en tan poco tiempo . No se hablar inglés pero increíblemente entiendo bastante . Todo mi amor para los 3 👫🐶 desde Uruguay 🇺🇾😘😘😘
Stay strong Eamon n bec
Damon you are so good as a wonderful husband .l love you both and my prays and. Dreams are with you . You stand by Bec . I’m so proud of you , but my dear l always knew you would be the kinda guy I’d love to have . Thank you for taking care of our girl .
You both are a great team-def roll models. Hang in there to all of you and your furry 4 legged kids.
So proud of you guys you both are so strong and beautiful
Wow. This video is beautiful. To be honest I used to sometimes watch your videos just to make myself angry. I worked abroad and got so jealous seeing the lives you guys were able to build with your travels and your beautiful healthy relationship. I honestly forgot about this channel for awhile and went through a lot of loss and growth in that time. The other day I just thought of you guys and decided to see what was up. I was obviously stunned by this news, and I’m really really sorry you are going through this. But Bec your seemingly endless grace and immense strength are so incredibly inspiring. I can’t imagine how hard it is to go through this journey, and to share it with the internet is another level entirely. You’ve really changed my perspective about hardship and I’m happy to say that I watch to earnestly offer my support and to learn alongside you now. Sending you light and love and peace and health. Thank you.
you got this Bec you are a beautiful woman and you got the ❤
You Tube doesn't seem to u in my feeds anymore.  Had to come looking for you and I must say......I can't leave you guys alone for a second!  I find out my girl got Cancer.  That sucks!  But I must say you do look beautiful no matter what.  Thanks for sharing your journey.
You are a fucking superhero! ❤️❤️
You are Beautiful💕
I love you Bec..I’m crying with you ..you are an inspiration to us all..thank you for sharing everything with us..sending you healing ❤️
I feel your sadness with this illness and it’s side effects. Eamon is such a wonderful partner full of love & kindness.  Continue your healthy journey of meditation & organic veggie eating. Stay happy 🙏🏻💕 ps: Bec, you are Gorgeous with your shaved head. Such a nice shaped head and it makes your eyes pop even more. Keep the faith young lady and hugs from Arkansas.
OMG I have always been a fan of short short hair but I don't think everybody can pull it off (at least not me XD) but you definitely do!!! I know you probably miss your long hair but you look so much younger and fresher and pretty in short hair :) I just discover your channel and already subscribed, I hope you're OK and remember life it's all about highs and lows,  so keep it up and be positive, immerse yourself in positive thoughts, it all happens in the inside, even if nothing changes, if you change, everything changes.
You are beautiful through and through! Keep being the strength and inspiration you are to yourself and others. Thank you for sharing your love and strength to us all. Keep smiling your truly beautiful smile.
Just found out about your channel. Get better Bec! I am sure you will be fine. Love from Morocco.
Didn’t even look how old this was but I cried for the first time over what society makes us believe beautiful means…n immediately went n shaved my head!
Keep going strong we all believe in u  🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶
Came across you guys from watching Kara & Nate, you are so strong and amazing for sharing your story. Positive vibes from the UK
I love it you look good bold
Hang tough both of you, positive adatute makes a big difference, stay strong and positive it helps.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have never been more enamoured. I started watching you to fulfil my desire to take on van life, vicariously living your adventure. Now I am awed and feel honoured that you are letting me in to this next journey. By showing us all that the trek is real, you are sharing yourselves and giving tremendous hope and inspiration to others. Thanks E&B from me in YYC
Please don't take this as me saying bad things because it certainly isn't meant that way. I am so Sorry that you had to go through this. But Eamons right you're a beautiful loving person no matter what length har you have. Also glad you got the mole seen too to. I hope you go on to have a fantastic life.
IN AUSTRALIA WE ANNUALLY SHAVE FOR A CURE OF BREAST CANCER. WE RAISE MONEY PER PERSON THEN SHAVE OUR HEADS. ITS HUGE. MEN CHILDREN AND WOMEN DO THIS. ALL MONEY RAISED GOES TO RESEARCH.
Okay Eamon and Bec you are literally couple goals. The way Eamon supports Bec is just so genuine and you are making me cry. Thank you for sharing your journey!
The level of strength and positivity you both radiate is overwhelming. Incredible. Thank you for sharing, being vulnerable, and creating a space full of love and light for all..
I’m not subscribed but came across your channel, it’s not my usual watch but I really wish you all the best in your recovery. You seem to be such lovely people and I really appreciate you giving such transparent insight into your journey again I just wish all the best and good heath as an outcome, will be quietly rooting for you ❤️
I kind of noticed this before but she looks like an older Millie Bobby brown. It looks greats on her
You guys are so adorable & amazing!!! I know this video is months old, but Bec you are the cutest with your new short do. I love it!! 👧🏻🦋💜 Hope your doing well!!! 🌸💝💖🦄
Thank you for sharing 🤍
you rock girl
i will go to the hairdresser and go Bob after my quarantine … just to share
I lost all my hair from a severe chemical burn when I was 17 and it ruined my life, I had luxurious hair and then after it fell out I developed severe scalp eczema and it itches so bad I wanna die and kill myself, I'm 39 now and live off ssi aka im very poor, and never driven a car never had a photo id still live in my childhood bedroom single with no love life in 21 years can't work never ever leave my house can't afford treatment anymore and nothing ever worked because its a form of scaring alopecia and it feels like spiders on my head and bees stinging and I feel so ugly and my hormones are way outa wack because I have hair allover my back shoulders stomach chest  I suffer unimaginably every second of  every day for 21 years no support system live in the shittiest town in Pennsylvania I hate it I hate life! Before this happened I was happy successful a great student athlete was deeply in love very popular and attractive and now all my molars are falling out and I haven't gone to the dentist in 21 years because no one can ever see me this way  everything is a nightmare I feel to ugly to speak or have an opinion and feel completely unlovable  I went to the drs many times and explained  everything but they put me on anti psychotics and I hate pills , I just want to be me again and fall in love drive and work have my own place but it'll never happen and it hurts sooooo much I just cry and cry and can't wait or life to be over and I feel like such a loser and people kill themselves all the time over less significant things and I been wanting to die every single day for a good 18 years or so but I just can't kill myself I cut my wrists but that don't work and was scary to me, I wanna live! I want hair and teeth and no gross body hair  but I'm poor and don't know where to turn I have no one my parents are poor too and I'm just lost I haven't gone to funeral weddings nothing in 21 years  I dream of having hair again but then wake up and feel so unbelievably miserable I get physically ill. Sorry for complaining but is all true how would you feel?  I feel for this girl a lot but having lesions and severe itch will literally drive you insane and ruin your life and destroy you as a human being  jesus I beg you please help me please  I need prayers I need a miracle
You are so beautiful & inspiring ❤️
💞
Thank you so much for being REAL. You  two lift me up.  Richard. 73 and on an aging journey. ❤️🙏🏻
Don’t overthink it, Eamons right, you look so cool 👌🏻
U look incredible, sending my prayers❤️
Thank you for being so open and vulnerable - I admire that so much!
When my sister had chemo we went on a trip and she didn’t have a manikin with her so she used a 2 liter soda bottle to hang it from when she removed it. My mother walked into the room and it startled her, when she realized it was just the wig she decided to name it Mary. Don’t know why but we included Mary in the rest of our weekend shenanigans back in our hotel room.
You look gorgeous!  You ROCK the bald girl! I'd take advantage and get an awesome tattoo once it's safe to do so! So many women are wearing shaved heads and bald heads these days that it's not unusual to see any more. You guys rock!
Thanks for sharing your journey.  Cancer is horrible, but it is survivable. With the support of Eamon and Oso; your medical team and others, you will get through this.    I too have breast cancer. However I've chosen a different route. At 72, I've chosen to do nothing. I've had a great life.  Done biomedical research & worked on breast cancer.... how ironic!  I chose to live alone, no partner nor children. I will miss my solidary life, my rescue cats, my dog, my house & my garden.  I had polio at 2 years old.  Additionally, I have a genetic mutation that has made my life very difficult, if it wasn't difficult enough with the severe scoliosis and other orthopedic issues from polio.  Despite all these afflictions, I did life my way.  Research was my life.  I did it & I loved it.  Good luck on your journey and your life afterwards.   Kaija
My sister had beautiful long brown hair and didn't want to wear a wig (she had a beautiful one), cut her hair short or shave her head. She ended up with just one thin strand of hair at her nape and wore it proudly!
My gosh! I went through this 2021. Had a lumpectomy, chemo then a double mastectomy. I am currently taking tamoxifen for the next 10 years as my cancer was estrogen and progesterone positive. My hair is finally starting to get longer..yh! Lol 😂 you will get through this! You will heal! One day at a time.
When i first got chemo i was so confident I wouldn’t lose my hair and one day i just brushed my hand through it as i casually do and huge clumps started falling out
I’d have saved the hair to make a Bec doll…
You're both amazing, beautiful people. Thank you for sharing your journey.
I was devastated because when I found out I had cancer I had to cut my hair and  it was a hard time because I had long hair my entire life and I had to shave it but it gets better and it’s really nice because the showers are very short and so I am always the first one to be out. I am doing chemotherapy two and I am almost done just have two more treatments and I am 12 so it was difficult but I’m getting through it so u can too!!! 🥰
you look so cool
Sending prayers
You are so incredible strong and have a wonderful husband. 😭
You've got a beautiful face. The shaved hair brings out your pixie features. Beautiful ❤️
🙏🙏🙏🙏❤❤
I love how he loves her. New sub here. Praying for healing and continued happiness.
Been a cancer survivor for the past 34 years, I was 26 and I know the feeling loosing your hair but it grows back. The main journey for you is to get well and the rest will fallow. 😊 Stay always positive even on bad days, I be thinking of you two!!!
Bec you are beautiful in every way!
Bec, you are so beautiful, inside and out! No matter how much or how little hair you have. I love how you and Eamon are the definition of love for each other - everyone should be blessed with a love like you 2 have. I’m sending you both lots of love and hugs and healing 💚, and l know you’ve got this.
🥹😢☝️❤️❤️🙏
You look absolutely beautiful and very lucky to have such an amazing partner by your side 💜
Bec you are a beautiful, strong, bad*ss women you look amazing hair or no hair
I am so at LOSS for WORDS……MY GOD watching you losing your HAIR is HARD…..Like You my Hair is part of my identity and I think it is for most women…….You are BEAUTIFUL with hair and even more with No Hair…….You will have hair again & be CANCER FREE…….Watching from Virginia
My dear, sweet girl, you are beautiful and amazing!  I only recently found u guys after Linnea mentioned you in one of her vlogs.  You both have such beautiful souls which is reflective in the closeness of your relationship with one another.  This will be your most difficult journey, one of which you will come out of shining even brighter than before. I wish you well on this journey. Peace, love and hugs to you both!
i love you guys stay strong you are such a inspiration to as all you got this bec xx
i see your videos since 2019 and i feel you are my friends and i cry today with this video. Bec you are so strong an so daim beautiful, i love you. Eamon, you are the partner everybody should have, love you too. Be strong guys, i know everything its gonna be as it was.
You are so  blessed to have a supportive husband!  You really look good in short hair and bald.  The wig that looks like your natural hair with a hat  looks very very natural. I really liked that look. You have a lot of natural  beauty.
Sending you both so much love. You're an amazing couple and you're going to get through this. ❤️
Honestly Bec you are beautiful with hair or no hair.
I am so sorry ilysm :(
PS Also hoping your cabin and land can serve as a retreat space for others seeking yoga, meditation, healthy eating and sharing good vibes during healing, perhaps as a non-profit, might be a good idea with all the work you are all doing.... Focusing your energy (even as the process may be ongoing for a bit) may provide strength, connection and power. Costa Rica and Mexico retreats have done that for along of people. It would be awesome in to have one in Canada :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKI-ngRQJ90
Hoping it'lll make your day to watch Stars in the House episode where the supporting actress had just made it through chemo herself, and she's now well, healthy and has her lovely hair and energy just as she did before. She has that same bright spirit as Bec. Eamon gives that same love and support as Lin Manuel (the director) was for his actress. From musical buffs in NY who still love your videos :) stay creative. you're both inspiring and lovely.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU9EM0yIPzw Hugs 2 OSO!
Omg, I haven't been here in so long. I'm so sorry to come back and see this. Please look.into Graviola capsules, Ip6 inositol  and mushroom powder. I teach natural healing and using natural products while on chemo and fighting cancer. My daughter passed from cancer and there was a lot of natural things proven in science I didn't know. Her doctors never told me to not give her processed food,etc. Love ya,  you got this. Remember soy sucks mineral out the body. Stay away. You are so beautiful. You got this love.
bec you are beautiful - inside AND out! with your long, silky locks or not. your sans-hair look is FIERCE! it brings out the warrior in you  i think about you every day, and pray for your healing to reach tremendous success. your community misses the h$&ll out of you (and eamon), but i’m happy you are taking a well-deserved hiatus to deal with the issues at hand and HEAL.  Sending you tons of virtual hugs and healing vibes from tampa, florida. i cannot wait to see your smile that lights up a room ... again! take care ❤️🥰
I haven’t been on this channel in so long! I didn’t know you have cancer!!! When my husband lost his hair due to cancer I shaved it with him, and I’m a black woman! Lost my mid back length hair, my friends couldn’t believe it. Honestly,I have never felt as beautiful as I did after I shaved it all! Don’t worry bec, it’s so liberating! Your gorg face will only stand out more! You’ve got this, we love you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
The plant 🥺 Eamon saying the hair will always grow back 🥺 im sobbing
Beck and Eamon  you're  been on my mind  a lot lately,  I hope and pray your both OK. My own sister had breast cancer , I know how hard it is on on everyone.  Bec you look beautiful with or out hair.  I hope we hear from you soon.💖
❤️
You look amazing with the shaved look 😍 Eamon is right your only seeing it through different eyes ❤️ but each and everyone one of us know how beautiful YOU really are 💖 you spread it through all of your videos .
You ROCK for all of us. Thank you!!
She rocks bald hair she’s so beautiful praying for you to get better we love you
We love you guys
god we will guide you to Islam
love the look! I honestly believe you look beautiful! I wish I looked as cute as you when I shave my head, to tell the truth :) many hugs from Romania and much love and good wishes, my dears <3
I can’t even explain how beautiful you are Bec. You shaved your head and look stunning. I know that wasn’t easy. I just want to say thank you so much for sharing this. You are going to help SO many other women that will also have to walk this journey. You are so strong and you will come out wiser and stronger for it! Eamon is being so strong and what an amazing supportive person to have. We all love you guys so much. I can’t thank you enough this is helping so many people on their journey. 💕💓🙏
I think I am going to try some of your greens juice. 🌸 Love your Channel. I don’t miss any. But you can and should when you need to.  Sending you so much good karma strength and a big virtue hug.  Debby 🌸💗 AKA Pandora Hunting With Debby & Scubadude
Hang in there lovely.  I have walked your path. You are so inspiring and amazing so beautiful inside and out 💗🌸I wish I would have paid more attention to good nutrition.  I couldn’t even look at food.
For some reason when Bec put her new wig on I got really emotional, such a beautiful thing and the wig looks so natural! You got this girl, you’re so so strong❤️
I cried the whole video. You’re beautiful Bec
I pray to God for a speedy recovery and a return to normal life in this holy month of Ramadan, and praise be to God for everything, your brother from Morocco 🇲🇦
Only just caught up to what is happening. You guys are so inspirational, make me laugh, make me cry. Both of you are beautiful with hair or not. You can do it. x
Update please,  love you guys
I have no words to say... but I will haha I came to this channel to see the video when someone broke into your van in Barcelona because I LIVE in Barcelona and thinking about going van life to travel Europe, and OMG, the moment I saw everything you were going through right now I am shocked. I'll stay to support, I'll stay to watch every single video of yours, I'll stay to learn about life, I'll stay for you guys. You already have a beautiful family, and hopefully, will be a family of seven someday. Love you, stay safe, healthy, and positive. Sending my best vibes to you!!!!
I know you have so many comments, but I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your journey! I have just recently been diagnosed with breast cancer and will be facing chemotherapy and surgery. Thank you for sharing the real emotions associated with hair loss. I look forward to more of your videos. I'm praying for you and your family.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
You look awesome
Wow, youre such a strong woman! Espacially because you are allowing yourself the dank days en feel geniully good the day after. My moms been through  it too, and i would never  able to completly understand what it feels like. But I have so much respect for you! And honeslty, Eamons right, bald definitly looks really good on you too! Wish you all the best! 😘
You guys!!! This was really really hard to watch and I had to stop mid-way. But alas finished it to the end because I love you guys so much! Eamon, thank you for being so amazing to your wifey and Bec, you're so inspiring! Gurl, I am sending you SO MUCH LOVE! From the deepest place in my heart, sending light and healing, your favorite South African ;) <3
I wish I can help !! But I am under age I would if I could get well soon sending prayers
Hey there - thanks again so much for sharing - it is so amazing that you are so giving and sharing with this whole journey. I also love it that you have some both funny as well as tender moments along the way. BTW - my wife got your cookbook a while back, and we have had some FANTASTIC dishes from it!!! Lots of love from Sonoma County, California
Losing my hair during chemo was weirdly freeing.  Try to embrace the bald!
I've been following you guys on facebook, and someone mentioned your cancer diagnosis.  I'm so sad for your future journey. Send you much love and healing thoughts -x-
Eamon and Bec can rock a girls wig I love it
wheatgrass juice. so many benefits. sending you prayers in love
i am new to the channel but i all ready love yall ♥ ps:you should name the wig billy 😉😄
So worried about you both. You are in my prayers and your courage going forward is inspiring. Blessings to you both.
You look amazing girl you're very lucky to have Eamon there for you
when Eamon wear the wing he kinda look like Jesus
You got this bec ❤
I am very sorry about this whole entire thing, I hope you get better soon and stay strong because it all comes to an end, and everything will be OK. I wish you the best and to get better soon again.(This made me cry)
https://youtu.be/KruNGnxPqk0
♥️♥️♥️
Can we just appreciate  her beauty like jealous  down she is drop down gorgeous  she  is strong
Bec you look amazing just because you have lost your hair doesnt mean you change you will always be the awesome and amazing person we always love, nothing will make us think your dumb, we all think your a amazing person and nobody could ask more from you!
Difficult as it is Bec, even before your make up your eyes looked amazing with a shaved head.  Like Emon said so rad.  I understand its not all about the hair but truely you do look good with a shaved head, bob, and side look.  How do you do that hey. Glad you came to embrace it, gorgeous.
damn you do look super hot with a shaved head😏😍 congrats on this journey bec! you’re so strong. look at this as a mere speed bump in your long- longggg life you still have to live and enjoy. much props to eamon for the love and support. he’s exactly what you need by your side to kick cancers ass 💪🏾👊🏽  p.s. my uncle who was like a second father to me had stage 4 stomach/ bowel and he fought the fight for 2 years and change. he lived a good life and passed away 4.19.21. it’ll be a year very soon so i had to comment some words of encouragement! even if you don’t see it maybe somebody in the comment section will that needs it. everyone can benefit from so good positive vibes 🙏🏾🧘🏽‍♂️✨♥️
you are such a strong, beautiful person inside and out ✨ also, can we take a moment to appreciate how amazing of a partner that eamon is. i wish you the best on your journey to recovery !
Thank you Eamon for being the best husband to Bec ever!
💪💪🙏🙏
Yes you are . God Bless  .🌻
I just found your channel today, I saw you dancing together in the 10k room makeover video. I thought to myself, either that woman just someone how figured out she looks amazing with a bald head or, she might have a story behind it. Honestly you are so gorgeous with a bald head, your partner is right you totally should rock it! I will send positive vibes your way to kick cancers butt! Keep fighting you can do it!
You are so strong, This is why I shaved my hair for cancer and I just pray that people like this feel happy for people supporting them and I hope so. 😁 luv ya!!
Hair is hair. You are incredible, you are both beautiful, and awesome. ♥️
Want you to know hardly a day goes by without a thought of you and Eamon.  When I do, I say a prayer for you and your loved ones.  Love you sooooooo much. God bless you dear. ❤️🙏🏼🤗
you look like Furiosa!!! it may take a minute, but I hope you get to see yourself with the same eyes Eamon sees you.
This may sound weird but you have a lovely head shape and your new hair accentuates all of your features. You are beautiful both inside and out and do not let your hair define you
My hair 😪oh my hair 😪😪😪😱😪😲🤧oh my hair 😷 oh my masks 😪
Love you Bec 😍you have always kept it Real # DayOne 🙏
Bec I wish you all the best in that journey! So weird when Eamon call you "buddy" or "dude", is it like that in canada? my french ears are suffering :D. I agree, the new haircut is kidda nice and the fake hair even more.
Eat taraxacum dandelion every day trust me.It melts bad cancer cells like butter
Bec, I just want to reinforce to you , how BEAUTIFUL you are . You remain beautiful with and without hair . You are a beautiful human being .
I know it is so hard to lose your hair.  However you are literally so bad ass with no hair.  Like Demi Moore in GI Jane and Johanna in Mocking Jay.   So freaking hot!
You do look beautiful! And don’t let anyone tell you otherwise!
I had to be on chemotherapy when I was 13-14 and lost my hair. It grew back the same, now it’s like nothing happened, it looks exactly the same ❤️ It’ll be back before you know it!
oh my gosh Bec!! You look gorgeous!! Honestly i think bald/shaved is such a good look on anyone that it didn't surprise me at all how good you look. Plus, paired with such a beautiful smile and vibe is just...chef's kiss. 👏 I'm so proud of both of you, i've been subscribed for years and every time i watch your videos you don't fail to put a smile on my face and make me want to live life to the fullest like you, the first van lifers i ever got hooked on and to this day i still love you guys so much. Keep powering through and have that stylish bob in your mind at the finish line Becca! Eamon and Oso, i applaud you too guys, really supportive and strong, keeping a smile on everyone's face. LOVE YOU LOTS!!😘😘
Omg I just found you both this morning since I’ve been binge watching Van Life and couldn’t stop following your journey. I wish I can give you both big hugs. You both exemplify true love and stay strong. You are both so beautiful. Thank you for being so honest and sharing your story with us. ❤️
i’m so sorry that happened i had that happen to me
Emon love your support for Bec. Have you thought about joining her in her bald journey ?  Prayers for Bec. You are handling this so well. 💕💕
Sending prayers and love
❤️
Why does becca look good with any hair style?
I just want to let you guys both know how absolutely inspiring and amazing you both are. I came across your channel about three days ago and I have literally felt pulled to watch a ton of your videos right up to date. Please don't stop inspiring those out there that sometimes need that 'push' or 'positive energy' just to get through a bad day.  I can't begin to fathom what you both are feeling right now but you have given me that positive push I was definitely lacking in my present struggle and I can't thank you enough for that. Big hugs to you both and I wish you only the best love that this world can give u!!!
Eamon, you should shave your head with Bec! You both are so amazing! I just lost my sister to cancer in February she fought the good fight for 13 years. Thank you for loving each other so much and thank you for creating an amazing community!!
God bless you both !!
You look beautiful no matter what ❤
Let’s just take a moment and look at Bec, she’s so beautiful and brave! And Eamon he’s an amazing partner, Bec is so lucky to have a kind and caring partner! We wish you all the love!🫶🏻
New subscriber here. My wife and I are on this journey as well, possibly a year ahead of you guys in the process.  Things will get better, I promise. I can almost bet that Bec will want to keep the beautiful short hair look down the road, my wife did and she rocks it way too good. She unintentionally commands too much attention in social gatherings now to a point where I just feel like a third wheel sometimes...lol. Eamon my man, you are amazing! I was a shell of a man and angry at the world in the early stages, but after some counseling; a lot better now. Anyway, much love and support.
Do a meet up with all your subscribers after all this is done :PPP Pick up a huge area and lets do a picnic :) i would fly to canada for sure just to meet you guys.. Beein watching you almost 3 years now . Tale Care!!!
Beck is so strong and Eamon is so supportive. It's so nice to see them tag team this and accept that it's okay to greave
Bec & Eamon: if anyone in the World deserves the honor of 1 million subscribers...is it YOU guys ❤🏆 - and Bec, you look beautiful. Hair or no hair: you look beautiful, because you ARE beautiful!! Take care, you two.  Greetings from Camilla in Denmark ☀️😘
You are amazing 💞 be strong.
Bec dont worey we all will be here for you to think and thin
🫂
we love you
It’s not fancy hair that makes you beautiful it what’s inside you
I told my cousin whenever she was going through chemo, bald has its perks- YOU SEE EVER INCH OF A GREAT SMILE! Pretty crazy how much hair hides things-pontentials! Bec girl- keep grinding💪
You are so so so beautiful!!!! Keep going like this❤️❤️❤️
She’s so beautiful!
I am just sending you lots of love and prayers for you and wonderful husband 🙏❤😘 just keep holding tight darling be strong and just be you🙏❤😘
Love you guys,stay strong as always, sending our most strong positive energy your way 🥰🤗😘
Bec, you are a beautiful person.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you.
have been following you since a year now. I'm speachless guys and send all the love I have !! Hope is the word !! Hope is....
Thank you SO much for sharing your journey! This has been such a powerful experience. Thank you thank you, and sending you both all the love.
You are so so tough for what you have been though and eamon you are the best
Your current circumstances inspired this new song of mine...  The curtains finally closing on your parade  And fans all calling out your name   Just one more day Just one more day   The hair loss in the bath tub  Takes your shine away  The pain you hold inside Won't stop that smile anyway   Just one more day  Just one more day
"They whispered to her .. She cannot  withstand the storm. I am the storm they whispered back". We all know you can withstand this storm and you can be the storm.  Also, I want to give big kudos to Eamon for being such a strong partner!
Thanks for sharing your Journey with us Eamon and Bec, you both are in my thoughts and Prayers a lot keep strong both of you… sending hugs 🤗
My mom had brain cancer and ended up losing all her hair. She lost all of it not long before she passed, and none of it she decided to shave, it was all because of surgeries. And cemo, but. I hope you make it through this journey because I just got attached to you guys.
bec you are amazing and so proud of your attitude and will power.  I just wanted to say there are two hair lines that were produced for cancer patience. One is Olaplex..it is amazing, and also a Canadian company called Capilia. I am thinking of you and Eamon.. You are so lucky to have such a rock in your life.
I honestly think you look really beautiful bald, it looks really good with your face shape. Sending positive prayers and vibes your way.
Hey … I am back. No worries on the hair loss. Mine grew back thicker, fuller, darker (less grey). A small and short price to pay. Get yourself a nice soft very comfortable toque (not itchy) and it will make a world of difference. Amazing how cold your head gets without hair but how much warmth and comfort a good toque provides (like a heavy warm comforter). You might find yourself even sleeping in it. I did. Jello is your friend in so many ways. Find you favorite flavor(s). You will not get tired of jello until this is all over. I am right there with you young lady. This all shall pass but my telling you means little right now. You need to do it yourself. Those ladies in pink have worked pushing for a long time for incredible results. And yes …. Just saying the word cancer and that you have cancer is going to freak you out and scare you for a while but that also will pass as you get tougher and stronger and until then a good cry never hurt. Know you have an army of women in pink tutus and numerous other cancer colors thinking about you and fighting with you. In stolen words from William Wallace … let’s get in there and pick a fight (with this cancer).
❤❤❤❤
Love you guys and the vulnerability you decide to gift us with, sharing this journey will help so many people and you are being selfless. 💕 all the way from the Bay Area! YOU ARE GORGEOUS Inside and out!
Girl give us all the natural makeup plugs :) we want em all 😝🤷🏼‍♀️
With that wig you look like a Jenifer but you need something exotic ;) how about Fiorella which means flower OR galena which means calm cause you’re handling this like the G you are, also E holy 🐄 you’re a one in a million man 😭🤷🏼‍♀️ Sending all my love & positive energy from PA.
I am literally crying
Eamon and Bec I have taken a break from the internets for a few months now and I had to binge watch your channel last night until early morning. I am BLOWN away from your bravery and I'm sending all my healing vibes your way. You both are so lucky to have each other and your love is apparent and makes my heart burst! Bec you are sexy as hell with your bald head and I am proud of you for being brave enough to show your process with the world. Your real emotions and your growth to loving and embracing your baldness is inspiring! All my best to you guys and your families <3
You look great Bec
Sending love from Shanghai!
We don’t care if you have hair or not your beautiful just how you are❤️❤️❤️
Sending so much love y’all’s way and your in my thoughts and prayers and you look so stunning without hair it’s such a fresh breath of air you guys are such a powerhouse couple sending all the love and well wishes ♥️♥️
Praying for yous both.   Bec  you are an amazing strong woman you are both beautiful and empowering and just you remember Jesus loves you too.  And as for you Eamon, you are an amazing partner for Bec, she couldn't have picked a different spouse and for her.  Keep up all you are doing for her. Remember Jesus loves you too.  Both of y'all  and so do I.  God bless.
heyyy bec in a few months youll have a cute bob again honey you’re so beautiful sending you health
I have cried and cried and prayed and prayed for you and your wonderful man. Let me tell you you are absolutely gorgeous . You are amazing and so is your man. Keep sharing and doing what you are doing. You are going to beat this you are going to win against cancer. Next year at this time you will look back and see how strong you two are and sharing with others is so important. So many of us are going through difficult things in this life. I hope that you know that God loves you so much and the part about him sending his son Jesus on the cross to die for our sins that's all truthful I hope you believe I hope you believe.
Bec, your beautiful features stand out now.....your videos are inspiring to others too
you are both blessed to have each other....
I am so so sorry you have to go through this. My best to you through this very difficult journey and know you are beautiful. My best to you both.
You’re so brave filming this episode and sharing with the world. I like what Eamon said “ you don’t need hair for love”. I wish you well in your treatments. I wish you both peace in your lives.
Damn bec looking like the ufc champion Rose. Don’t worry bec you will get through this your a warrior.
Continued healing prayers 💕🙏💕 are you coming back sometime soon we all miss you guys ❤❤
Ok wait not saying this to make her feel better but she looks so good being bald
You are such an incredibly lovely couple ❤️
You are beautiful with or without hair,  I just wanted to know that others think so too. Stay strong and make sure to do your very best to dos o even on the darkest days. And if you ask why, well, know that you can always find a spark of joy, happyness or anything good in life even in the darkest corner of your mind. And on this days that feel dark and weighs on you, you need to pull such joy forth and hold it up like a lightbulb, if only to look for more light fragments in the dark. And trust me or not, there will always be other sparks of goodness out there, you just need to look.
Congratulations 👏🎉 on 1M and Bec u LOOK SOOOO BEAUTIFUL 😍❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏!! Eamon you are theeeee bestest Husband friend to her I just adore u guys and pray 🙏 for u. Can't wait for baby time...cant wait until the baby gets here!!
You look so beautiful With hair or without hair 😊
Bec, I adore you with hair, without hair, with  a mole, without a mole… it just doesn’t matter, as long as it’s you! Now Eamon, on the other hand, well, I adore him too! I care so much about you both and know you both are going to kick this cpos ‘s Ass hard and fast! 🙅🏻‍♀️💪🏻🥊🏆💃🏻👸🏻❤️
I love the cap with hair  I like the other colour, Becc
You look like Demi Moore when she was a GI I might have gotten wrong film  but she played a character as a soldier
I love the pot and the glasses cool
After you treatment is over will your hair regrow
OMG I know you've lost your hair as I'm writing this but you look amazing with short hair. I think when you get to the pixie length you will look so beautiful as well!
You are an amazing strong person who inspires so many! We love you.
You look amazing with or with out your hair ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you all so much emon youre truly wonderful andma real support what a man i admire you for the kind of love you show bec emon stay strong youre beautiful with or without hair.
Well don’t be sad I had cancer twice and lost my hair too and your not the only one feel better
Thank you so much for sharing such vulnerable moments
Ur so beautiful the way u are
You guys are amazing! Eamon you are a gem! You are both so strong. You are doing amazing bec ❤️ keep up the positivity
Bec is so beautiful. She rocks that look. Stay strong. We are all with you💕
I just wanted to say Eamon is the best partner he is so loving and I absolutely love your hair how ever it looks your such amazing people and I love both of your names and personalities
Like eamon is such an angel for Bec like eamon keep supporting her
Bec maybe if u don't want to lose hair use a shower cap   Btw love u guys so much💞❤
I’m gonna be honest watching you cry and having a breakdown,saying you have a insecurity about your mole.Makes me ball my eyes out, I’m supporting you through this whole journey.I want you to know the community is there for you too.💕💕💕💕
First...  Thank you for being real and sharing so much.  I'm sure someone out there is REALLY getting help from watching this.  I grow my hair out to donate to wigs for kids.  When I cut it I shave it to bare, bald skin.  If I can give you a different perspective...  Now I live in the greater Los Angeles California area.  Obviously a pretty lose and accepting part of the world.  I really don't know how open and accepting Ontario Canada is.  But my suggestion is NEVER wear the "Bec" wig.  Life has forced / presented a change.  Embrace it.  You are NOT your long, dark brown hair!  All your wigs should be as short as the bob cut you got.  And you should have one that is red.  One that is blond.  One that is light brown.  Heck...  Get one that is electric blue and one neon green!  Bust out of your shell.  This is an opportunity for you to embrace yourself as that which is OTHER than your hair.  It's hair therapy!    Eamon is right...  YOU are a gorgeous woman inside and out and it has NOTHING to do with your hair.
I love how strong they both are and how they keep it real you guys inspire me and many others . I’m hoping your both doing well and getting through this ❤
Thinking of you both 💙 you have got this Bec 🙌
I wish I could pull off being being bald as good as you, you look sooo good Bec
I literally cried with Bec and laughed with her, praying for the both of you. Bec, you’re absolutely gorgeous! 🤍🤍
Love to you both.
I've only been following your guys' videos for a week now, but this has touched me a lot.  Sending thoughts and love you way! And you look great Bec! ❤
Come on guys you're the best I know that you guys are going to get through this be strong
You got this. And you're a very strong woman. My aunt is a cancer survivor and been cancer free for quite a few years now. I would strongly suggest reading "The Truth About Cancer". It's saved the the lives of so many of my loved ones. Complete life changer!
goodluck with this hope you get better⚡️😃
I have the same mole on my head Bec 😁 Mines a little further back though. I never even realised I had it but when I did I got a little self conscious going to new hair dressers but it’s just a mole! And I could never pull off a shaved head like you, you’re so brave! 😁🥰
Sending you both so much love
Let actually admit that bec looks sooo cool bald like I’m not just saying that cause of cancer just look how sick she looks
Catching up and WOW Bec looks STUNNING bald!!!! I mean, obviously she is stunning with hair too, but hot damn! Eamon is right, she is hot with no hair! haha. I am in awe of your strength and positivity through this journey and appreciate you sharing your hard moments too.
Please look up Anita Moorjani listen to her story, look up and Watch as many of "Dr Joe Dispenza testimonials" and Buy his book "You Are The Placebo" also Look up RJ Espina. People are healing all types of Cancers Naturally. Also watch as many of Alba Weinman videos and try to make an appointment with her.
Your both superstars and we which you love
Sending all my love, you both   are amazing! Keep being you guys! ❤️🙏🏽
Look on the + side the chemo is working the cancer is going ♥️❤️ I hope you feel better soon
This guys are cute
Get well soon
The love that you two share holds all of your mana (power/strength in Hawaiian).  Bec, you are the epitome of a Mana Wahine 🤙🏽💪
you are so beauiful you not need hare you are so good.
You are beautiful Bec! Stay strong sweet lady you rock! Praying for you!
Your amazing Bec and so is Eamon.
Your beautiful bec!!!!!
Hair, no hair, you are stunning!
You are so beautiful and stay strong you guys 💗💗
Your hair is so cute, you have a great shaped head.
You are both awesome.  Bec....you are so amazing and brave to share this journey with everyone.  And we can all only hope that if we ever have to go through something like this that we have such a supportive, loving, and amazing partner like Eamon.
Having gone through the same process myself, I am so impressed with how you are carrying yourself and letting yourself feel every emotion! I know it's traumatizing and a big change, but you're on the road to getting better and you're just as beautiful as ever! -Fellow cancer survivor
I am crying so much! You are both amazing and empowering. Let us all appreciate what we have in life
💚💜❤️ 🌎 🔥 🎶 ✨ 🌸💖❤️💕 ✨ Kick that cancer to the curb and get back to your day to day fun and happiness okay?  Best wishes for a speedy recovery! 💖🌸🌎💕 ✨ 🌸🌸🌸
You are such a nice person and you are so beautiful
You’re both amazing!  Keeping you in my prayers with lots of love sweet souls 🙏❤️🥰
Wow you look good bold and the wig of your hair looks so spot on never would have thought it was a wig if you wouldn't have posted the vedio they did a wonderful job on it hugs and love to you
You're so strong and beautiful. wow! Sending all the love!
💪Saludos desde Barcelona
Bec!  YOU ARE GORGEOUS INSIDE & OUT!! And even more beautiful than ever, also you kinda look like a badass with this cut 🤩😍😎 and E what a wonderful partner 🥰
YOUR BEAUTIFUL
Thank you for sharing your story
I don't care what anyone say Bec is rocking her new look
You look amazing in a short hair, so adorable. I would like to send you a big hug from Bangkok Thailand, it is far far away from Canada, hopefully you will get a warm big hug. And you will be doing fine after all.
Beck you look truly stunning. So pretty. Keep it short when you get better.
You are killing it. You got this. And you do look great without the long locks. Sister, we're all fighting death, every meal, every vitamin, every trip to the gym. You're not alone. Carpe Diem.💯💗
As a Survivor myself, I am sending youall my love and healing energy. You are a courageous young lady.  Continued good health for you.
I just tuned in after a while and I am so sorry girl! This video made me cry. I know you got this. You are a strong woman!! I love you guys.
If you've not already heard it, maybe listen to India.Arie "I am not my hair." There's a verse referring to a woman losing her hair to cancer. You are "...the soul that lives within." You are loved.
You are amazing. Bec, you are so strong and possitive and Eamon is such a great support. I wish you all the best, sending you love from Prague 💜.
Friends I hope that you get this. I heard a song performed this weekend and immediately thought of Bec.  This is an original and this was the first time it was performed publicly https://youtu.be/MM74UA5P810   The singer is Lyndsay Evans from Madison Wisconsin
So much courage. Get healthy!
The bob really suits you.
you guys are so cute together and to each other. Bec your amazingly cute being brave and Eamon your amazingly cute looking after Bec. Love you guys.
Sending you soooo much love and best wishes from Hong Kong. Stay strong guys! x
You are an amazing, sweet, and cheerful person... Hair does not define your character... I know you will be fine... you have a loving family with you.
You are so beautiful. I've followed you both for years. I got some bad news recently I have lung cancer. I hope at 66 I can keep the energy and positive thinking that you have. My next journey is to Sloane Kettering I pray. You're always in my prayers. God Bless you both. Much 💘
You look absolutely beautiful...natural beauty..why does ur pup have to wear a collar?
It’s ok I also had a third brain :) I got mine removed though.
Sending so much love 💗🌻
Nice Life Line @12:36!🖖😊 And fight fiercely, Eamon.
Bec you are beautiful inside and out!!! Eamon ,same!!! You both are such a wonderful and beautiful couple and I'm so happy that you have eachother!!! Much love and prayers for you all to stay safe, be healed, healthy,  well and protected always, amen!!! 🙏🙏🙏  Bec you are beautiful no matter what and strong,  keep yourself how you are, you are so loved and thought of!!! See yall next time!😊🥰❤💯😘🙏
welcome to the badass club babe, you look incredible.
“That looks just like me!” I love that you still feel like yourself, and I hope that on this journey you come to realize you look like you and ARE still you regardless of the amount of hair on your head ❤️
Beth you’re such an amazing person and such a strong woman! Eamon is also such a wonderful partner. Sending prayers and lots of hugs!
you look beautiful!!!!!!! sending love and prayers!!
Omg oso is so big 😭
You are beautiful with or without hair.
Finally getting caught up! Bec! You look amazing! I am amazed at the warrior you have been through all of this. Eamon - you rock as her cheerleader. Sending love and prayers for all you both are going through. Love you both so much
Love! You are so beautiful in everyday girl!
Bed you look amazing 🤩
You guys rock! Oh wow... And you had me with dust in my eyes I'm not ashamed to say.
Bec, you're so beautiful,  with or without hair. you're a sunshine !! be strong, we know you are. (Eamon, you're beautiful too, and perfect for bec) positive wibes from france. Love you both
I know what you're going through I am going through stage 2 lung cancer and I am doing chemo as well and I am losing my hair so I know how you feel but I must say you have one thing going for you that I don't you have somebody by your side to go through this with you my prayers are with you
Toda la suerte del mundo para ti. El beso más enorme !!!!!!!
You  both are so strong!!! You are beautifull Bec!
Everything changes with time including love…..strong fabulous and beautiful….like you both xx
Sending my love and hugs xxxx
wow what a beautiful and touching video. crying those tears right along with you. you've got this, gorgeous!
Omg I am shocked 😳😳 I used to watch u traveling the world and I just came back to YouTube after long time & finding out u got breast cancer 😭😭😭😭 I hope you get well soon... u made my days back then around 2 years ago at my worst... You can get through it and you are stronger & you made millions happy.. I love your content😔😔
Eamon is so spot on, you're so beautiful Bec💖
I know this is a very difficult time for both of you but due to the concern of thousands of viewers a brief update would be appreciated.  You remain in our thoughts and prayers.
Love you guys  💜
I JUST WANT YOU BOTH TO KNOW YOU ARE ON MY HEART EVERY DAY. I PRAY FOR YOUR CONTINUED  STRENGTH.   ALL MY PRAYERS AND LOVE ❤ TO YOU BOTH GOD CONTINUE TO WATCH OVER YOU AND HEAL YOU  DEAR BEC
Hi beautiful people. Can I just say how proud of you both I am. You are just so brave and strong and I am sending you both the best positive vibes and love. Congratulations for 1 million views. I never doubted it ⭐️🥇🏆can’t wait for  an update, always on my mind and in my prayers, stay safe,  stay the way you are, such inspirations ❤️💕🙏
I keep coming back knowing one day you're going to show up here having climbed that mountain and ready to move on past it :)
Sending love and positivity to you both ❤️  hope your coping well with what has been thrust upon you xx
Don't worry about posting..Get STRONG and Get WELL..A day..A week A month..A year  We'll still be here, as long as it takes ❤❤
Thinking of you both and sending healing energy, love and prayers. You’ll be ok Bec, hang in there, you have a special guardian angel watching over you.
Bec. I love your channel so much and i have been so absent so lately but i wish you the best in life. I am a 15 year old from australia and my biggest aspiration in life is to travel and your travel gives me that joy that i personally cannot gain through my situation. I hope you get better and i hope you know that your followers will stick with you through this journey <33 Edit: You look so badass bold and i’m so proud of you!
❤️
I'm writing this message with tears, because of my health condition, the doctor told me this morning that I will not survive my health condition due to my cancer diagnosing, so i have decided to offer my fund to the orphanage children, homeless less privilege there in your country to enable them to always pray for me even am if I'm know more alive as the doctor has told me that I can not survive my health condition
Well I think you are the prettiest person I know! Your AMAZING and this means your unique. Nothing is wrong with being bald, I know a friend that had something like cancer she lost all her hair, but it grew back fast and it will help you have healthier hair! You are going to survive this! I know an adult with breast cancer she survived and so will you I know that for sure because you are strong and have been through so much. Eamon is the best partner you are so lucky to of found him! Stay perfect and strong I am here fore you and so are others you have built a community that will help you through everything!🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰👏👏👏👑👑👑👑  Edit: I really hope you are okay I am so worried for you! You look beautiful you know!🥰🥰🥰❤️❤️❤️🤩🤩 Also I didn’t really notice a difference in beauty wise you came more beautiful!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️👑  Stay Strong! 💪
How are our favorite Canadians doing, eh? The loving , lovely couple?? I hope you guys are taking one step at a time and things get sorted out for you❤❤❤❤  No Sunday goes by without my thinking of you, I've been following you since 2017, your like distant family to me now! Close to my heart. Sending LOTS and lots of love and healing vibes your way!!!
Sending 💜 and 🙏  While you are sleeping your name is being prayed over in the LDS Temple here in Melbourne. You both take care xx
I hope you are doing okay. Thinking of you both and sending love from Australia xxx
We appreciate you bec for sharing your guys journey. You are so strong and your story is very powerful.
Thinking of you as you push through this monstrous disease.  Miss your videos but certain you will be back better than ever in the future.  While I know you are strangers to me, my heart is full of healing wishes for you and Eamon.  Take care, stay strong, and take all the time you need.  We’ll still be here.❤️
Eamon needs to shave head too
yes Eamon is so completely doing his best at supoorting bec and the love they have is the kind that is for a life time no matter what they may go through
Bec, sending you warm and healing thoughts. Miss your and Eamon's faces. Hugs.
Wish yall the best and hope for more videos and wish yall the best during all this difficult times♡♡♡ stay positive
We love you guys!!! We watch all your videos.....stay strong stay positive and you'll get through anything you put your mind to!!!!!! You are strong you are not sick you are beautiful  dont say sick ....just say something difficult you have to overcome♡♡♡♡♡
You should share your journey with us as a way to support YOU!!!   Don't hide away and suffer in silence.  Look to the other people who love you for comfort too!!!   Stay strong, rest,  and lean on those who love you for strength!!!
We miss you both... Love, hope and prayers to you.  May you have a healing adventure that leads to a long, long, life.  Take care of each other, like we know you will.  xoxox. Safe journeys.
Two weeks ago, before I knew about this hair loss, I donated 15inches of hair to Hair We Share. This was my fourth donation of hair - I am blessed with a lot of hair, it only seems right to share it. Wishing you all the best during this tough journey. I believe in you, your strength, and your beauty. You will get through this stronger and more confidently beautiful. You are fortunate to have all this loving support. Is it an omen that you reached 1M subscribers at this time - nope!
Omg you seriously look so amazing. You are so beautiful ❤️ we all have your back through this. Your not alone
im not one to usually comment on vlogs, but i find i am checking youtube daily for your next video update, is it just me that seems to feel anxious waiting to see how you guys are getting on? my prayers and love are with you Bec and Eamon, hope to see you guys soon x
How are you doingggggggg?
Hoping for some news..sending a hug!
💗
Bec, I just wanted you to know that I am thinking about you and Eamon,  and watching you guys and your journey through your cancer.   Just a little note to let you know that someone far away is sending lots of prayers and love.
A week and a half out from my lumpectomy/oncoplasty reduction. Stage 0 DCIS diagnosis and lymph nodes are cancer free. The cancer mind game is real! Waiting 2 weeks for pathology results to find out if they got it all with clean margins and how many radiation treatments I need is the biggest mind game. Your channel and positive attitude has meant a lot to me. You are a badass warrior!! Keep going!!
You guys are awesome…still praying for you🙏🙏🙏😍
Miss you guys wishing positive energy and thoughts to both of you. Love and hugs
You guys are some of the strongest people I know!
I'm thinking of you guys always ❤  I hope youre healing well
Wishing you all the best on this journey in life. Sending love and good wishes your way 💓
OMG you look like Elle / 11 from stranger things 🥺 soooo beautiful. You were beautiful before but I seriously think you rock the bald look.
I’m sorry for what you’ve been going through, and I pray that you will come out on the other side heathy, strong and back to all your adventures.  Your pot with glasses is the cutest pot I’ve ever seen!
Missing you guys, hope everything is okay. Sending love and prayers.💞
Praying for Christ presence, peace and healing on this journey. You are loved!
I know this can be hard I really do, but I don’t want you to ever forget that you’re SO so beautiful hair or no hair. ❤️❤️
Sending love through u tube,  I am missing you, my thoughts are with you both.
Missing you guys!!!  Sending you much love and healing vibes.  Bec . . . You are a warrior!!!
Thinking of you
Can yall do a Lil check-in  getting  worried much love I know it's hard to keep up on here but we love you and just want to know your ok
No one has forgotten you two.  We know you need to focus on healing and being calm and loving, but please know that you two brought so much awareness and joy to many.  Please remember we are souls first and bodies and personalities second.  We have come from a joyous family and place, and will return after this odd sojourn on the magnificent planet.  WE REMEMBER YOU, LOVE YOU AND ARE STILL AND ALWAYS SENDING LOVE AND SMILES.  THANK YOU FOR YOUR BRAVERY EAMON AND BEC!
you are so brave
sending love <3 and yeess you look so good 😍
Healing prayers all around you Eamon and Bec💜🙏🏽💜🙏🏽💜
Thankyou for sharing such a personal insight, I am humbled to share the process with you. You look AMAZING with and without hair, I wish you good health in this chemo journey, you got this !
i can say with absolute certainty that you, bec, are wonderful human with a love-radiating soul. because of this fact, you will ALWAYS be beautiful <3
all the love to you both a million times xxxx
♥️
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful either way. And eamon is such an amazing support. Fingers crossed for a bright and happy future for you both 💜 X
Sending ❤️. Thinking of you and we are enjoying watching some of the ones we missed. Hugs from Fremantle, Australia. Xx
Took me a while to come back and watch this. I cried with you. It brings back so many memories of my own when I shaved my head, you had the best cheerleader with you. It's totally a bonus having no hair in the shower. I still have no eyelashes or eyebrows, or hair on my body but my head hair 1 month out of chemo is maybe 1cm long haha. Sending you both big hugs and well wishes. You look beautiful girl.
You can differently pull of your new look! You are so brave to go threw this.
More than ten years ago I was told to go home and get my affairs in order.  While at some level that was good advice (I still don't have my things in order) I decided what I really needed was a doctor who had a better plan.  Believe in yourself guys, this part will suck at times and there can be great joy on the other side.  Sending love 💕
Has anyone seen or heard anything from them?   Trent and Alley mentioned she was sick, so it kind of has us worried about them both.  😢
Sending you love and prayers , I am thankful you are doing what you need during this time. We are here when you are ready and will be sending so much love your way until then ❤️❤️❤️
Be strong and of great courage!
Does anyone know if there is any updates?
I was balling my eyes out and then Oso fell and it broke the tension. I hope all is well and you guys are taking care. You got this Bec!! xoxo
Love you both so much.
Bec, hoping you are staying strong, getting better and getting all the rest you need to beat this. You got this! ❤️ Eamon, we know you are taking care of your love, so sending you strength and patience. You got this too! ❤️
Love & Light from Georgia, USA.
The two of you are precious. There is no other word spoken yet, to capture your essence.  I cannot think of you without a lump in my throat. Thank you for being REAL and for sharing what has got to be indescribably raw.  Please know you are lifted and loved. You are thought of daily.  Please, please, PLEASE BE OKAY!!! GOD PLEASE HEAL THIS ANGEL!!!🤗
Love and light.
“She stood in the storm and when the wind did not blow her way, she adjusted her sails.” You are in our prays, Bec. Numbers 6:24-26
Just thinking of both of you from far away nz and wish you the best xx
Sending you lots of love. This is going to be so hard on you both. You will get though this and one day this will be something you look back on . The loss of hair is not so hard just getting through is just hard. On your relationship on everything. It’s kind of a lonely time for you both for you Bec because even tho you have the best guy. It’s just only happening to you and it’s lonely no matter if you have a great partner. Also it’s lonely for eamon because he doesn’t know what to do.  I’m feeling for you both. Bec you don’t have to be sunshine all the time to us we love you anyway you are sunshine. X
I was just watching the video from Morocco where you listened to the healing music and you became so emotional.  I am wishing that music play around you
If you need a pick me up here are a few places in your area for treats. Mrs. Garrett's Bake Shop on the Perth Road north of Kingston, in Trenton there is Wannamaker's Bake Shop and in Belleville there is the Donini Chocolate Factory. All of them have options for special diets etc.
Just wanted to stop by and let you know that we are thinking about you…..I hope that you are comfortable and that your treatment is working……everyone is pulling for you….you are a warrior and you have an awesome partner who is supportive….
i've been bald for years. idc i cut my own hair because i didn't have a car to travel. And didn't wanna pay for haircuts. people can think what they want. i don't care lul
Hi Bec, I hope you are doing okay! We haven’t seen a video in a minute. I hope you’re taking time for healing and rest and you’re doing okay on this journey. We all love you and look forward to seeing your smile soon! I can’t imagine what you’re feeling or how you’ve maintained such strength and grace. Know that we love you and we respect your privacy as you endure the most difficult trial of your life. We will be here when you’re ready. Sending love and positivity your way…❤️
Bec I found out two days ago I have breast cancer myself. I’m happy to be able to see this journey and know I’m not alone.
I love you guys, Bec you look so beautiful, genuinely!! There is no limit to your beauty 😍 xxxx
Is everything okay with you guys? I am worrying you feel worse. Please give any signs from you. 🙏♥️😇
wishing you a good and healthy weekend!  sending you both good energies. take good care!!! ❤❤❤❤
Thinking about you guys always  may u be strengthened by our prayers and thoughts ,, be strong and when u have no Strength Jesus is right here with us just ask him to save u from these  troubles with love and affection Kelleena   ❤️🔥🙏🏻
Dear Eamon + Bec, for the last year I have been watching Kara + Nate. One day I came across one of their videos w you lovely couple in in it. From that day on I have been watching ALL of your videos and going on the journey of life w you. When you were diagnosed w cancer I could feel you. My grandma has had cancer and my gramma has had it 3 times. I admire your strength and hope the best for you guys ❤❤❤
Hi Eamon, hi Bec, I am sending you lots of love and support. May you be carried by life and filled with light. Big hug 💓
Hope you are doing ok,  you both are in our prayers.
God bless you with His STRENGTH to accept  the things we can't  change. May you both stay strong together on this Stressful journey. Oh needless to say BEC you are Beautiful  with and with oit hair. WE see your inner beauty  as well as  your fiscal. Oh i come from a family that cancer has been seen by many. STAY STRONG WE LOVE YOU 🙏👀U.  PUERTO RICO 🏝🏞
Sending more bubble wrap love from Scotland ✨❤️✨
I hopefully hope god is with you through this journey. And that you are alright
Thinking about you two today and praying all is well. ❤️🙏❤️
You look so cool being bold! Very modern and stylish. Your eyes pop up, I love it!  I hope you take it all from this period of experimenting with your look. You won't even notice how fast the time will fly and you'll be back with a new hairstyle of your own hair.
Hope you’re okay
Hope you are keeping your spirit up.  God and your viewer's are there for you guys.  We miss you but take all the time you need we will keep you in are prayers.  And we will be here when you need us.
I’m sending you both lots of love ❤️
Research Vitamin B-17 please Apricot kernels!!!
Been thinking about you both often. Just wanting to send some love your way. You're both in my prayers and just keep focusing on each other, family and healing.
Sending you guys love & light. The sun comes out tomorrow - HUGS
Sending you love and healing vibes from Kansas City!! My favorite thing about watching you two is that you call each other “buddy”.  It such a good way to remind each other that friendship is so important in a loving relationship. Thank you for sharing all of your journeys with us - through the ups and downs. As a physician, I can tell you that breast cancer in general has a wonderful 90% survival rate at 5 years. You’ve got this!! Your light, positivity, and healthy lifestyle will carry you both through. ❤️
I’m watching this a few days after the slap that went around the world so female baldness has been in the news.   I’m amazed at myself because I think you look better bald than with the little turban. Just goes to show how people’s perceptions can change.   This was such a powerful video. Thank you for sharing this process. All the best for both of you.
My wife and I watch you guys and love you our hearts go out to you and your wonderful husband my wife had lung cancer and is in remission now you are in our prayers every day and God Bless you and keep your faith see you Sunday you are beautiful people thanks for sharing your life and journey with us!💝💝💝💝
Sending thoughts and prayers have not heard anything and just so hope and pray you are both staying strong and doing ok.
Love and light guys…❤️❤️
Miss you Bec! Hope you are doing good. Sending love and good thoughts. 3/31/2022
Eamon is the partner everyone needs in their life. The way he showed so much love to Bec through her journey is so heart touching. What an awesome guy
I am missing you all hope everyone is well
You remain in my prayers. 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
While watching this I cried
My prayers are with you Becc. Everyday is a gift.
You do look so freaking cool.
Bec, your strong ,your beautiful , your fun. stay strong.  long time watching your videos. love you both.
Hello beautiful bec..Sending u positive energy and a great big healing hug right now..🙏 Love from London 🧡🇦🇮
You all have been in my heart throughout this journey as my husband and I are going through the same battle. Had my double mastectomy with AFC on Mar 7th, after chemo, and I'm now cancer free! I can't wait for you to join me on the other side of this fight! Always remember you are braver than you think, stronger than you seem and more loved than you know. Please feel free to reach out if I can help addtess any concerns you have. Much love and healing prayers headed your way.
"The universe worked it's magic"?!!! Are you kidding me?  This is why this is happening to you. You disrespect the creator of Heaven and earth with your yoga and your universe crap and you laughter when you friend says he is worshipping satan and Eamon throwing up the satan horn signs?!!! It never even occurs to either of you to call upon Yahuah for forgiveness and receive the gift of life eternal and now you suffer but your suffering has just begun. Repent!
I'm praying for you.  You Re amazingly beautiful inside and out.  I can do all things thru Christ who strengths  me. . Cast all your cRes upon Him, for He care for you.
Thinking of you guys, sending love
Watching your videos for years now!! You are amazing! Lots of love and hugs!
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
3 weeks and you are always on my mind. Take your time, heal and know there are so many people thinking and praying for you.
Bec/Eamon, are you guys okay? Haven't heard from you in awhile...
Hi havenr heard from you both wanted to see how becks and you are doing I can appreciate you not filming at this time but think of you both and just wanted to let you know I'm sending love to you both xx
Sending love from UK
Hello you guys It's been a long time since I heard from you. I really miss and care about you and hope you go through everything fine. Sends you all the light of love and faith From the Holy Land, Israel. Amos Harel
My husband and I have been following your channel for about 3 years now. I was very saddened to hear your recent news. We both know your strong at heart and have the best support system.  We miss you a lot. Every Sunday as a ritual we would be waiting for our notifications to go off that you posted, But recently haven’t seen anything and we are just concerned. We are seriously going on every morning just to check to see if you put one up. We miss you and are praying for you. Love you. 😍😍😍
You both are so inspirational whatever you are doing.  So much love between yall, I just wanted to thank you for being you with sharing your true honest feelings with us.   Bless you and stay strong during these new times.  I believe in both of you.
Are you guys ok you haven’t uploaded in 3weeks ? You are so strong bec
Hoping your both feeling ok. I know you need your time to heal but know that Sunday's are not the same without your smiling faces and your amazing spirits. Continuing to pray for you both. May you feel Gods peace and love thru all of this.
I agree with eamon you look rad
Watching them together is absolutely amazing. Bec, we love you and support you in every way you can - I am so happy you have such a wonderful partner. You two are such beautiful people and thank you for sharing all of your adventures with us.
Prayers and love sent your way. I cried with you Bec but at this point you can confidently say you are hermosa at every stage!! 💙👊🏼
It doesn’t matter what day what year whatever it is you’re gonna look gorgeous no matter what your beauty comes from your face your soul and your brain not the things growing out of your body
Oh baby
I  Missing you guys hope u feel well I have you to thankful my find an just waiting on biopsy results bc I failed on both sides
Bec, your beauty emanates...inside out.  There is no possibility you could not look anything but the beautiful woman you are.  God bless BOTH you & Eamon.  LUCRETIA
Hoping everything is going ok with you both. Stay strong. Hugs to you both.
Just sending love and light your way beautiful people! I hope you two are  doing well and I look forward to an update on your journey!
Eamon !!  Please look at Dr Brooke Goldner who had Lupus and through diet her Lupus is gone.  Plant smoothies.  She has patients who went on the plant base smoothies and it wiped out their cancers, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, etc.   Chemo is devastating for the human body.  Only 20% live a normal life with no occurrence.  Please look into this.  You have nothing to loose.  Her book is Goodbye Lupus.  All these diseases come from inflammation in the body that feeds these diseases.   She does personnel sessions via video conferencing if you like to talk to her personally.  She is on YouTube.  Miss you guys terribly!   Sending Loads of Love!              ❤️❤️❤️
Plein d'amour et de force,  Bec tu es une battante et de plus Eamon t'accompagne. Immense câlin
I know you all are not making regular videos right now…but I do hope and pray every day that you are doing well.  Let all the angels hold you in their wings right now.  Lots of love from Kentucky ❤️🙏🏼
Just wanted to leave a little message to tell you guys i love you ❤ been thinking a lot about you the last weeks. Sending healing hugs ☀️🌼🦋
Hang tough in there Bec and Eamon ! :)  Think about you every few days ...
Thousands of us are pulling for you both…..
The problem is that you are the healtest and most cautious   person I have ever seen but still you got this illness ,I can 't believe that you have it .I wish you well and stay strong
Missing you and thinking about you very much.  Sending all of my thoughts, feelings and love.
Thankyou for sharing this, my hair is beginning to fall out after my first round of chemo and I’m sure after my second round next week it’ll all come out.  Thankyou for making me feel less alone and for making the process feel a little less scary. I hope you’re doing well xx
You're in my thoughts Bec, sending you so much love for whatever you are facing right now.
I’ve been thinking of you both ♥️
Is she doing ok?
I just want to say I hope you are doing well. I assume since we haven't heard from you that you are in the thick of it. I'm so sorry but I know you are supporting each other with every ounce of love you have for one another. Looking forward to seeing you on the other side. 🤗😍
Been a few weeks since you've posted, hope all is well. Feeling worried about u guys.
this is so beautiful......I love you guys !!!
Hi dear ones!  There are three books 📚 that I highly recommend for you - the authors all have podcasts as well - also look into taking broken cell Chlorella and some activated charcoal to help get all the poisons out of your body - Dr Steven R Gundry - The Plant Paradox - Jason Fung The Cancer Code - Tony Robbins Life Force  - sending love and prayers 🥰
sending you love ♥️
This was a rollercoaster of emotions, sending you lots of love and hope everything is going good! 28:32 You definitely look great bald <3
Please update us, we are sending all good thots & blessings your way!
I find myself checking my subscriptions all the time because I am so concerned about what is happening. I expected a video every week. I can only imagine what hardships you are experiencing that you haven't posted. I am worried, worried, worried. Please update us!
You are both lovely and amazing.  Keep your faith and hope up.  Eamon - fricking love the planter with glasses.  My hero.    Bec - you are stunning - with and without hair.  We cried with you. It's just hair.
Sending all my love and light your way. Take all the time you need, we’re waiting on you whenever you’re ready ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Sending warm hugs and love to everyone going through rough days. Always remember that Everything is going to be okay you've got this my friend and you are not alone:) God bless.
I just found you guys and I am so deeply touched how you are going through and sharing your journey. It helps me to understand so much better what my partner went through when he had stage 4 cancer a couple years before I met him - and it also gives me a whole new perception on his ex-wife that went with him through that stage of his life with 2 little kids. We had another cancer-scare a couple of years ago, but luckily he is still healthy. Sending SO much love and healing to both of you. You are really making such a difference in the world 🤍🙏🏼
You both are incredibly amazing! You are such a strong inspiring woman. You as a couple are giving hope for true love!
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Beck you are the strongest girl ! I know !! Kick ass ... You are amazing with or without the hair... Your an amazing human being . Stay strong ... 🙏 Prayers sent your way!!
I’m terminally ill from cancer on my lungs and adrenal gland. Having had a cancerous kidney removed last year they’ve given me 12 months to live. I’m now on a trial drug which is applied like chemo but without the side effects. My specialist rang me up yesterday and told me on my last scan that the tumours on my lungs have reduced significantly which I’m pleased about. It’s not a cure so when it stops working it will take over or then again it could be a miraculous cure. I don’t know. The hardest thing will be leaving my wife of 37 years and my six children. My point being is that day to day is an emotional journey. One day positive the next pretty negative. I was so shocked to hear of your condition and wish you so much love and healing. Take care Becks your videos have brought me so much joy and given me traveling abilities even though I couldn’t go you and Eamon went and took me places I can’t visit due to my health. Lots of love and healing, keep positive as this will bring healing. Peace and love ❤️
You made me cry while watching this! You look beautiful no matter if you have hair or not. :)
Haven't heard a peep from you in 3 weeks.  Pretty darn worried and meditating on you and your family for a full and speedy .
I miss you guys!!
she looks amazing no matter what and good for her for embracing it
Thinking of you two and hoping you’re ok Bec. Sending you both positive vibes, big hugs, and prayers going up too! Love you guys! Stay strong and know you are not alone!❤️
These two are absolutely charming, and I miss them. I wish we could have updates, but more than that I hope you're taking the time to heal in all ways.
Bec, you are beautiful in every possible way.
I am sending all of my love to you two in this challenging moment! May God be with you and you stick with him with hope and faith! ❤
Stay strong !!! Thinking of u !!!
I have a mole on my head as well Becks!!!!! You're a beauty inside and out!
Whatever happened to Eamon n Bec? Why there's no upload for a while now?
Awwww Eamon, that was such a sweet gift, and what you said really touched me. Beck, you are soooo strong, and I sending you constant love!!!!!
I check in often hoping she’s doing well! Sending lots of healing ❤️‍🩹 to these two! 🙏🏻🌀🌟 there are blessings in every experience. 💗👩🏼‍⚕️
Sending love.....
Sending you two my best vibes !! Keep marching !!
Omg you look so good don’t be sad you look so amazing you pull that look off SO SO SO GOOD god bless you both 😇🙏❤️🥹🫶
Hi Eamon and Bec’s I miss you both and I’m praying for you both sending love and hugs to you both xx
Bec is so strong!! I’m proud of you girl!! Rock it, you’re beautiful inside and out.
Miss you guys, praying for strength.
I hope you are doing ok. 🤗🤗 Hugs your way.
You look amazing.  I lost my hair to chemo as well three years ago.  My hair started growing back as soon as I finished chemo and I now have long hair again.  It truly will all be in the rearview mirror before you know it.
Thinking of you guys ❤️❤️❤️
I know both of you are going through a tough time, just know that there are so many people that really have you both in our hearts and think of you often deep in our hearts.  Bec feel the strength in you and remember to smile from time to time, we are all thinking of you and beating this struggle in time.  Lean on Eamon all you can as I am sure he is more than capable to be there for you when things are tough.   All the Love and just remember we are all thinking of you in the best possible way.  Mike from Florida.
Hello.just seeing how your doing, haven't seen you on YouTube. Since this video. You are in prayers.Please inform us how your both doing. God bless 📖🙏💐
I have been scouring the internet trying to find an update. Even a small one. I think about you guys often & hope you guys are ok!!
Hi Bec Im your follower since a year ago. I just want to tell you have you googled Stamford Guangzou modern cancer hospital In China?  I came across this hospital, since I found lump in the neck and so terrified .. I havent gone to the doctor since I was terrified… i am a single mum and I cant imagine through it all…  please take a look at this hospital breakthrough in cancer ..and please pray for me.. I dont have courage and great support system like yours.. I need to work for my kid .. im scared..
Because of the amazing people you are!!  Blessing to us!
Read Marion Woodman book “The bone: Dying into life” and other books from her, this will save your life. All good🙏
You are so strong and you look amazing Eamon he’s so supportive you’re so lucky to have him bec
Replaying Eamon and Bec's Europe trip. I think we can support them by watching some of our favorites from past adventures.
Just dropping by to say I’m thinking of you both and hope you are well x
Sorry to hear about your diagnosis. I have recently been diagnosed with Leukemia. My numbers stalled (stopped progressing ) during treatment. I began following Dr. Sten Ekberg's advise on YouTube. My numbers began stabilizing and are almost completely normal now.  Hope this helps. God loves You!
This absolutely breaks my heart.. Im a 53 yr old male and am crying like a little kid watching this. My 25 yr old daughter looks very similar ..  I can't bare to finish this video. Been following you guys for a few yrs..  If i could trade places with you Bec, believe me i would in a heartbeat..   I will be praying for you.. Stay strong. Your young beautiful and a fighter ..  Not a doubt in my mind you will beat cancer..
Love you guy’s!!  I Love how real you both are!!  I recently lost my brother to suicide & I personally never never understood how crazy it is the roller coaster of emotions.  I was really sad for you both.  when Lee passed 💛 & now I understand the turmoil!  Your videos are giving me hope 🌻 You both are so very strong & I’m so very proud of both 💕 Been a strong supporter for three whole years & I love every minute of every video!!  Thank you!!
Hiya i have been subscibed to your channel  for about a year now and i am going to be honest  with you guys i think i have only watched 1 of your videos and that was when i subscribed  for  no reason but yesterday i was looking through  my playlist and come across  your channel  and was scrolling  through  your videos and at random i clicked on 1 and started  watching  and this was over 24 hours ago and have not moved since unless for food/drink or toilet and watched all of them up to your latest  1 and the pair of you are amazing and have blown me away i was clued to your videos i have not even slept a wink and there are no words for you bec your just inspiration  and i cant even get my words out i am lost for words and thats probably  a first me all i say is focus  1 day at a time and Eamon well what can i say bruv lol your just amazing  and a top bloke and i think any woman would love a partner half as good as you and thats coming from a  man and all i can say is stay strong and the pair of you will get through  this.  I dream of doing what you 2 have done and maybe 1 day i will get there so i just wanted  to let you know that you have blown me away with your videos  and stay strong & safe and there is light at the end of the tunnel  .  take care  & good luck  Dave    p.s   YOUR SIMPLY THE  BEST XxX
Eamon, you are so great every time I see you with her. It is truly harder on the partner because they can't help or make it better. My husband was wonderful with me back in 2005 when I went through this. BEC: you will cry over everything so it's ok to cry. Some days will be better than others. I love that you are provided a counselor. It totally changes you forever, both outside and inside. You will survive and then the memories will fade and 6 months from now, you will catch a reflection of yourself and it will all hit, again. I cry whenever I find out someone is diagnosed. Even just the first sentence. I cried for you, too! You will be ok!!!
Hope you are doing well!
Just dropping a line to let you know that I've been thinking of you both. Sending you both healing thoughts &   lots of love.  💖
I know you are going through a hard time in your life, you are strong and inspiring… listen to “Rise Up” by Andra Day.. you will love it, I promise..
LOVE,  PEACE , HARMONY
I miss you guys and am really worried that this isn’t going well because we havnt heard anything . Unless I’m missing somewhere to look to see an update .I’m very well aqauantes with wigs and it can be fun . Thinking if you Becca and thise that are caring for you just wanting to send healing and love and light through the internet universe
Worried about y'all hope to hear from y'all soon. Praying. Much love
Love and prayers to you both…
God bless you guys and I hope everything goes well 🙏🏽🙏🏽💪🏽💪🏽
Just want you to know I am still thinking about you and praying for you. Ireland 🇮🇪
BEC I LOVE YOU YOU ARE BLESSED ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sad 😢 to hear that
Eamon and Bek thinking of you and am sending positive thoughts to you both. 💛
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Sending you love and strength ❤️
Your in my prayers.
Missing y'all on Sundays, but wanted to reach out and say I am glad you're taking the time and space you need to endure all that you are going through. Please know that you have so much love and support waiting for you, here. Bec, it's okay to feel negative, angry etc. and to grieve and feel as though your body and the world has betrayed you. Eamon, it's okay to be scared and get furious at the universe for doing this to the person you love. Please lean on each other, but also on your entire support system, so that you don't burn out.
Amazing journey ❤❤❤❤
Tbh girlllll you look great with the cut I mean truly amazing!! May God grant you a speedy recovery and ease during this time Ameen BEC if I only had an ounce of your confidence you look so great
Miiss you guys!!!
Just letting you know how often we think of you and sending our love from me and my daughter ❤
I hope ur doing ok! I just wanted to send love n positivity to you both! Love u guys 💕
27:29 Classic Becc!
Hey guys how are you doing? We haven’t heard from you 3 weeks now. It’s also a Year ago that Lee took hern own life, so it must be hard  time for you guys now, stay strong👍🏻💪🏻, sending kots of love and Energy/ positivity from this side of the ocean over to you guys 💪🏻 stay strong, Love you. 🙏
Continued Prayers and Healing Energy sent your way.
I just started watching you both as I got your names from Trent and Allie and just love you both. My prayers are with you on your cancer journey and know that you are going to beat this thing with all your strength and Eamons love.
You should name the wig Moira from the Netflix show schits creek.
♥♥♥thinking of you!
Every time I check for a new video, I think about what you guys are going through and I don’t mind waiting at all. You’re audience will wait however long you need. Take care of yourselves. We want you to!! Sending love!!
Praying for your strength, and healing. ❤️
Missing you guys ....just been watching your past video from over years ...just wanting to send some love and they are so many people thinking and preying for you beautiful lady Eamon u are the best love you guys so much 🦋🦋🙏🙏🙏
I know you probably won’t see this comment but hair does not define you you are a beautiful person and your hair doesn’t  it make you the person you are you will always have the same personality the same spunk and loving us towards eaman you are amazing love your YouTube channel ❤️
Was thinking about you guys today, sending some love and healing your way from Ohio - xo
Hello bec x  i visited an ancient wishing well today and made a wish for you to get well soon...Stay strong brave soul..Much Love ❤
Eamon and Bec I hope all is well with u guys. We are thinking of u. And wish only the best. Continue to be strong Bec and know the whole world loves u guys.
Bec - had you on my mind again - praying for your journey and healing and for support and strength from (and to) Eamon xx
I'm so sorry if I pressured you guys that wasn't my intention my apologies
Bec, beautiful strong Bec. Thank you for always being real with us. Eamon, thank you for always being your sweet, goofy, supportive self. Your relationship is literal couple goals and I can not wait to continue this journey as a subscriber. Praying for easier days for you both.
We miss y’all ❤️❤️ stay strong 💪
I check a few times a week to see how you’re doing- praying for peaceful days for you and Eamon as well, you’re so incredibly loved
I have heard that collagen is really good for helping you grow back your hair from people who have had cancers.…Q reFORM Collagen Peptides
So much love. What an intens journey thank you for shaing! x
thinking of you both sending your all the strength and energy your way♡
I’ve been consistently watching you guys for I think three years now and I know that you will get through this. You are such strong individuals but together you are amazing, i know bec will do amazingly and look back on it and remember it as a life changing experience. Your hair doesn’t define you, I have always thought you were beautiful and that won’t change and you still do look amazing. I just want you to know (and anyone else going through this) that I love watching you guys and it hurts me so much to see you upset, I have watched you every week for so long I can’t even remember, love you guys so much ❤️❤️
I remember the day when I finally had to cut my hair. It seemed such a big step into the world of having cancer. In the end my hair actually started to hurt, if that makes sense and it was a relief in some way. But looking back (can it really be 30 years ago) it was just a step on the road to beating cancer. Obviously it is easier with time and I was a 21 year old lad, so was not a big a step as it is for you, but still felt tough then and as you say you then get all the attention. But you get use to it quickly and when it comes back it’s really nice.   Speaking as a now 52 year old, I’m convinced it’s why my hair hasn’t fallen out in later life like all my mates 🤣   Good luck Bec’s.
Hey hope your are doing well, I check your uploads every Sunday and Monday to see if you have uploaded, wishing u well and prayers sent your way
I have been watching you guys for years. We have our own van and learned from your adventures and you gave us a kickstart. I just wanted to say that I’m praying for you both and I’m so sorry what you’re going through Bec. Plus yes Eamon you are being such a support to her. I’ve never commented on anybody’s reality show before. My heart is with you, my prayers are for you, and I hope that you are healed. Thank you Phyllis
I can only imagine that your absence these past three weeks means that you are struggling, and putting your energy where it is most important. I have been through this fight and know its costs. Stay strong and take good care of your special selves, and of each other. I am sending you love from frosty Ottawa.
I love how Eamon is so supportive!! Love the wig and the head scarfs Bec!!
Thinking of you and sending you both so much love and hugs! From one survivor to another, you got this Bec💪!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec- you can rock any look you like! You're beautiful! Aemon- you're an absolute star supporting her through this journey. True love isn't always unicorns and rainbows, but you're doing a sterling job.
Yay thanks for the kind words. Lots to watch so its great to know of your journey and staying authentic.
Miss you guys many people have problems and still have to get up and go to work and take care of kids... Remember it can always be worse and we always have so much to be thankful for. Many of those people are parents with no support group. Be thankful for what you have, go on with life, seek the Lord Jesus Christ while you can. The Bible says that "it is appointed unto men (and women) once to die and then to face judgement." If you have ever broken any of the 10 commandments you are guilty of breaking the law. The consequences are or "the wages of sin is death." To be found guilty and face eternity in Hell unless we have placed out Faith in Jesus Christ. In the Bible Jesus says: "I am the way,the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father (God) except through the son (Jesus Christ)." Start reading the Book of John (Gospel) in the Bible to find the truth plus I am here for any questions and I don't go by thoughts or opinions I go by Gods Word the Bible. Step one to be saved: True Faith: Make Jesus the Lord, Master and, King  of your Life, repent (confess your sins and turn from them agreeing with God that they were wrong and planning to life a sinless life for God), get baptized (by immersion) and you will receive the Holy Spirit the deposit of Eternal Life (also referred to as the counselor who will guide you in all truth). I can also teach you how to speak to God and through prayer and hear HIS replies. I am serious. There is a Study on it by Henry Blackaby Called "Experiencing God" that is Bible based but needs to have a facilitator lead the study that has been through it before so it makes sense. It is a 5 day a week study on your own and one day a week getting together on line or in person. so a total 6 days a week commitment for 12 to 13 weeks. please pray about this. If you ask God to reveal himself to you and you truly seek HIM, HE Will reveal HIMSELF to you.... The Bible says and HE has proved it to be true in my life.
Why so long?
Hey I'm just commenting to say I'm sending love to your family! I don't know why, but I think about you guys a lot. I definitely miss your videos but I fully understand why y'all are further between. You have to go at your own pace! I hope everything is going okay right now <3
Beck, I'm sorry that you have to go through this process. But let me tell you , sincerely you look beautiful.. God bless you and I hope you get better soon.
Thinking  of you and your journey.  May the Lord be with you and helps  you heal.  🙏🏻❤
Hang in there you two. We are still here and here we will remain until you return.  Holding you both in prayer.
hi! i check in everyday without fail for an update. i’m so worried. y’all have helped me get through life since the beginning. i wish there was something i could do to help. i’ll keep praying❤️
I’ve been following your guys’ journey for the last 6 years. You feel like family members in a lot of ways. Friends I’m always happy to check in on. Ive seen your audience grow, your cinematographic skills evolve and your journey from van life to cabin life.   My heart is entirely with you on this new journey. I wish you the very best unfolding of it all and I will hold up the faith that everything will be okay for you. Thank you for sharing so much with your community. It feels really important.   🌹✨♥️
Sweet Bec I want to say that we are rooting for you in Iowa. God sweet lady! You are beautiful inside and out, no matter what!
I’d never in a million years want to publicly share this journey with the entire world. But I do worry about how you’re doing and pray you are both.ok.
Been thinking about you guys and sending my love to both of you!❤️❤️ please take your time no rush at all we just hope for you can recover enough strength to return and be healthy! ❤️
Waiting for an update! Getting nervous, everything okay???!!!! Stay strong bec ❤️❤️
Miss you guys … hope you are doing well
i’ve been thinking about the both of you all day today. thank you so much for taking us on this journey and showing the raw and difficult times. i’ve been a subscriber for a few years now and i have always just appreciated the smile i know you put on all of our faces. i don’t think a day has gone by i haven’t thought of you guys. i’m missing you on sundays but am also so proud of you to know you are taking your time to truly heal. love you guys <3
Omg she is so strong and brave I can’t believe how strong she is!!!! My hopes and prayers are with y’all!!!💕💕😳
Your both sostrong
❤️Eamon and Bec take all the time you need. We will be here for you whenever you are feeling like posting again. 🙏 Blessings 🫂
Love you both.  Trust Bec is hanging in and doing well.  This will soon be over.
Thinking of you everyday.  I hope both of you are coping as best folks can.  Prayers and good vibes being sent.  You both are in your followers' thoughts every day.  We are with you...never doubt ths!
Thinking of you both and sending lots of love 💕 There is not a day go by that I do not think of you guys. You both are such a ray of sunshine for all of us each week and though we miss you both now is a time where you guys need to just focus on each other and know that so many people love you both so much ❤️
Hey guys,  I am a Kara and Nate fan and loved the vlogs that you were involved in.  In a recent video Kara mentioned you were having a hard time.  So I looked your vlog up and was shocked and inspired.   I am so sorry you are experiencing this,, it is not fair at all.  I always try to find something positive in a negative experience  and think that your filming your journey and your path to overcome this experience is so inspiring that  it will help other persons experiencing the same journey who are looking for hope.  It's been 3 weeks since your last vlog, I hope and pray all is progressing well. Lots of love and positive energy!!!!  PS, I was surprised to see we reside relatively close.  I am in Gatineau
Hey just checking in. Haven't seen anything for a while. I pray that you all are doing well. With all the crap you have to go through.  Both my uncles died from lung cancer. ....both married to my aunt . She lost 2 loves of her life . I pray that you will rebound from this. I pray that God guides you through this. I love you both. I know that that sounds weird but you have both taught me so much about life. Live it to the fullest. And take pleasure in all the small things. Love you both. God be with you always.
Thinking of you on Sunday. All my love and prayers to you both.
don’t worry about updates ever. No pressure to upload anything ever!! please know that there are thousands of us thinking about you both and your families daily and sending so much virtual love to you both and praying for you both in your trying time. You’ll both pull threw and even if you need to take years off of YouTube we’ll all be here waiting for you whenever, if ever, you choose to return.
Thinking of you two again this Sunday. Praying for strength and healing. ❤️ See you soon
Check out a book called the Cancer Code by Jason Fung and also check out Youtube videos on how sugar relates to cancer.
To  Bec I hope you are feeling better and look forward to seeing you smiling face soon
I hope all is well! Sending you Love, Peace & Healing❤
Thinking of you and your sweet caregiver as well ! oxo
Much love to both of you on this journey.
Sending positive thoughts your way from Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Lots of love and light you are both in my thoughts and prayers. I watch an old video every week on a Sunday to keep supporting you guys. A small  gesture I know
Hope your doing ok been praying everday for you guys 💕🙏💕
You should name the wig Becky like bec but bec so it's like your name bec.
You are beautiful inside and out! Sending strength your way during this time!
Why no videos have u quit uploading , because u really should be making videos, big fan but tired of checking and seeing nothing new
I miss you both again this week. You have been on my heart Bec and in my prayers. It hurts to know you're in pain in any capacity. Your light is beautiful and I pray often to not see it go out. This too shall pass. God has you in His hands. Know His love for you is always there and His peace is just a prayer away.  Love ❤️  JJ
Bec, your inexhaustible grace during your journey has been so touching and inspiring.  This morning I got news that my beloved, vital, dynamo of a mother has been diagnosed at 80, with breast cancer. After the immediate shock and horror wore off I thought of you. And how the love and support of your community has buoyed you through this. And that my job is to provide her with that support while she finds her own strength and grace as we travel the path along side you and yours. I am so scared, but with your lovely example we shall all both you and my mother pass thru this to better times. ❤️
You are so freaking strong. The both of y’all!!! Keep rocking the bald.💪🏻
Hi Bec. Thinking of you. You and Eamon is in my Prayers. Lots of love from South Africa. Belinda
Just sending over a lot of love. Think about the two of you loads. Sending you strenght and lots and lots of positive energy! A lot of hugs from Germany !!!!
Sending you love, light and energy…
Thinking of you everyday. Sending all my love to you ❤️ you've got this.
I keep  looking  to  see if you  uploaded   a video    I AM SENDING SO MUCH  LOVE  AND HEALING  VIBES TO YOU BOTH
Just reaching out to let you know you are being thought about today!!! Be well!! You have SO MUCH LOVE coming your way!!!
I'm so sad that you are going through this. I was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in September 2021. I watched your channel during my treatment. I know this is traumatic but look at the cutting of your hair as you once again taking control of your body.
Eamon’s reaction to “I kinda look cute bald.” is all of us! This has been a really difficult series to watch as someone who has been through cancer at a very young age myself. But I think it is so empowering and beautiful that you are sharing your story. The visual statement of loosing your hair is so hard, but just know that your beauty is not your hair and the journey that you are taking now is so much more beautiful to so many people who need it. ❤️
New video ? Soo. 😞🥰🥰🥰🥰
Haven't seen a video from you in 2 or 3 weeks. Just thinking about you Bec and hoping you are doing alright. Sending you love and strength and hoping for an update soon.
Sending all good thoughts on your health journey.   22 year, stage 3, colon cancer surviver here.   You got this Bec!
You can try a silk pillow case🇺🇸 from Wisconsin 🇨🇦🇨🇦
you look soooooo good
Hi guys. Just went into YouTube to see if you have a new video out, but it looks like we will have to wait. I know you have better things to do atm, so we can only send our love and best wishes. Stay strong.
I'm bawling over the plant pot that regrows its hair. First I was like that's such a wonderful idea to get a new plant to take care of each round. But the pot, that's too much 😭 You're such a brave woman, you are capturing your journey beautifully and Eamon is so supportive! Sending love, to both of you.
You're so strong and so beautiful and you should be so proud of yourself xxx
Miss your videos, but know what you have been going through. You can do this and you have the best partner. Hope to see you guys soon. Praying for you.
We miss you guys and I think it's safe to say we are all worried. Hope you are staying strong bek and hold her tight eamon.
I just wanted to follow your example, and tell someone we love them...  Well, we love you two too...  My wife and I have enjoyed your videos and pray you guys to stay strong and encouraged.  This seems big to us but, JESUS is bigger.  You are not alone in this...   My Aunt Helen, who is in her late 70s is pushing through this as well.  Much Love to you and your family, as well as Peace over your house,, minds, and, Hearts.  Love from the Owens family.   PS Thank you for all the healthy ideas and the love you share.
You guys have not made a video in awhile , we hope and pray with all our hearts that Bec is doing well. Take Care  BT.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW BEC YOUR IN MY  PRAYERS.  STAY STRONG. I LOVE YOU...... EAMON GOD BLESS YOU FOR BEING A GOOD MAN AND BEING GREAT SUPPORT  TO BEC AND LOVING HER LIKE YOU DO..... I LOVE YOU ALSO STAY STRONG EAMON...... I LOVE YOU ALSO
Bec your beauty radiates from your enthusiasm, warm energy, your smile and your kindness is what makes you truly beautiful.
2 weeks what’s up guys, it takes a few minutes to post a written update, obviously something is up!! Is Bec ok??? Please keep us informed, we’re worried!!!
Just needed to drop by and say that we’re all thinking about you and wishing you all the strength and love in the world.
Bec.... Got 10" cut last week to donate. I'm keeping you in my heart and putting out all my positive, healing and loving energy for you and Eamon! Love you guys so very much! WTF=Win The Fight!!! You Got This!!!!! Love you 💓😘
Missing you guys, but glad you’re taking the time you need for healing. Sending love and light your way.
Dear Bec, hope you are doing well. Hope to see you very soon back 😘😘❤️❤️🌹🥰
Honey, I hope you two are doing well, God Love You. WE MISS YOU!
You are beautiful,  I know the feeling of losing your hair, I just finished treatment,  but I have to tell you during my journey,  the one thing that brought me to tears was when my hair started to fall off 10 days after my first treatment.  My chemo treatment was very harsh. I started off with AC aka the red devil. I don't think cold caps works  you have a supportive partner,  you will be ok. It will be hard, but we women are resilient we can do it.
My mom had to go through the same this it really sucks. My mom named her wig savanna. I wanted to let’s you to know that it gets much better. Now my moms hair is to her shoulders.
❤️❤️❤️ Feeling all the feels with ya guys. ❤️❤️❤️
You do look beautiful with your bald head. Keep going your home looks so beautiful also I just finished watching
I don’t always catch all your uploads, but thank you so much for sharing your story. You two are beautiful souls.  God Bless you both and hang in there my Sweethearts 🙏💕💕
I love you guys!  Bec, you could have 3 bald heads and still be absolutly stunning.
Hope your all doing good ❤❤
The power of you too being together is - actually i have no words. You give so much of yourself to everyone with no hidden agenda. Life has difficult journeys & we don't always have a say in it. Its your chance to fine tune your true strenght & run with it. Life isn't boring huh! Love & hugs to you & your family. Love NZ Kiwi follower xoxoxo 👠
Just stopped by to send some love your way. With or without videos, you're in my heart and mind. Glad to see that you're both focusing upon what matters most, without the additional burden of publishing for an audience. ❤😎
This cannot be good. I pray all is well.
How many times do I need to say,, I am worried  worried about you.. please post something.. I tried to send you flowers,  the zip code wasn't working
Thinking of you. And wishing you well.
I send love…..you are like my grandchildren……precious is everything in your lives.
Matter of fact, I just checked, been following you since Vlog #5, 5 years ago.
Hi you two, I've been following you guys for almost the beginning. Your doing fine Beck, hang in there.
❤
hiii, again! sending more love & light your way. if you’re feeling up for it, listen to “I Am Not My Hair” by Indie Arie!! 🎵🎶♥️ it was placed on my heart today, and wanted to share with you. we are rooting for you. ✨
Bec, you are amazing! Both of you are so strong! Sending you a lot of good energy! ❤️
Omg... I just cried right along with you Bec. I felt every emotion. What a powerhouse you are to share this journey with all of us. Absolutely amazing!  You've got this girl!
You are beautiful before and after Stay strong.
So much love and admiration from Spain!
This video had me in tears almost the whole time you are so strong and thank you for sharing your journey 💓
keep your chin up and look after yourself.
You are very beautiful….and you look like a high fashion model with your head shaved…you are rocking it!
Hoping everything is ok. Miss and love you guys.
Another positive about you losing your hair is that the chemo killing the cancer it's doing that it's meant to.
You got it Bec I Believe you stay strong I love you and your channel ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍
How do i email you guys? Oh sweet Bec i know things must be going tough for you so just take time and be you. Even so know we worry and think about you.🤗
Bec you are strong I find you always strong enough.. Im subscribe to you guys for so long .. before pandemic I just love you guys...I have always waiting for your vdo n what ever content you guys make either it's Van or now you guys r awesome... N emon you r best dude...I love you guys... stay strong 🌺🌺❤️❤️
you have to choose maleena for the wig name dude
Who knew she would look so awesome with her hair shaved.
Hope all is well 🙏🏽
9:45 when Eamon becomes addicted to cocaine. Lol
Sending prayers. 🙏 You are both beautiful people. Inside and out. 😊
Eamon ~ Please tell us that Bec is alive.  That's all.  No more no less. And persist!
Just caught up with your journey! 🥰 You guys are so strong, thanks for sharing your journey xx love to you both 😘
you go girl
My heart is with you. I feel what you feel. Love your strength and honesty and Eamon is such a wonderful care giver. His love is evident. Stay crazy Eamon, stay strong Bec 🙏🙏🙏❤️
Eamon- you are an amazing partner!!! I hope you are getting the support you need as well!  Bec- you are beautiful, inside and out! Your real, authenticity is amazing. Thank you for being you! Both of you! Love watching your mourning; thank you for sharing!!!
Eamon  what a great person you are,    you need to get  yours cut now, I hope everything goes well for you both  stay strong 💪
Sending my love! Praying scriptures for meditating healing for all that need healing… that would be all of us I’m sure Father God…  Jeremiah 17:14 KJV Heal me, O Lord, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise. Jeremiah 30:17 KJV For I will restore health unto thee, and I will heal thee of thy wounds, saith the Lord; because they called thee an Outcast, saying, This is Zion, whom no man seeketh after. James 5:14 KJV Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord: Psalm 147:3 KJV He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds. Mark 9:23 KJV Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth. Isaiah 41:10 KJV Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. We clam thy Holy word of God for our healings…. Oo Jesus our great healer… amen
missing u guys
Where are u guys?? Missing  your videos love bec 💕
Praying you are doing well! 🙏😘
You both have been on my mind and in my prayers.  I don’t personally know either one of you but my heart goes out to you.  We’ve enjoyed getting to see your journey fixing up the cabin.  You both have so much care for others and joy of life.  Don’t worry about things and what you think you should be doing.  Take care of yourselves and each other.  Sometimes in life the struggle is so big, the mountain seems so high to climb.  You’ll get to the top and be feeling better.  Sometimes in life we just have to take it one day at a time.  Other times,  you may have to breath and stay strong just to get through each step.  I’ve never commented on utube or been much of social media.  I just wanted to reach out because sometimes it helps to know you’ve got people in your corner cheering for you.
You are so beautiful Bec that no matter what you did to your hair you'd still look beautiful. The bob actually looked gorgeous and yes Eamon's right you did look like Tokyo.  You have a beautiful shaped head so you look sensational without hair.  We all love you for yourself darling. Eamon you are such a lovely supportive partner you're an absolute gem.
How is Bec? I haven’t seen a video in a few weeks . .saying many prayers 🙏
Hey you two, sending out some love and healing vibes your way. 💗🤗
This is the point my wife’s cancer became real to me….  Tough enough she was diagnosed 1 week before the shelter in place orders were made for COVID-19 and 3 weeks later when COVID-19 shut the world down we never realized 16 months later we would still be taking hiatus at our lake home both for COVID-19 and her cancer.  She was told she couldn’t have surgery as it was elective and it would be August at the earliest (4 months away).  Welp, through my connections in healthcare we found a university hospital who wasn’t letting COVID hold up her procedure.   So glad we did… in three weeks the tumor doubled in size.  Once we started chemo life changed and that is when it became real with chemo and the hairs started falling out. My turn to step up and buzz her head, that is when it became really real besides struggling with trying to deal with all the unknowns with COVID-19 and functioning in a bit of an unruly society.  Life did not go well with every bad reaction to both chemo drugs and 29 radiation treatments over the next several months.  My wife truly was that exceptional patient that experienced every bad and is still on a five year estrogen therapy.  Ok, long story short…. I know Eamon’s feeling of buzzing your hair.  Fast forward today… She just had her two year check up and all looks great!  Her hair is back as full as ever… she has lost 44 lbs and looks like a million dollars… and while the scare was real, the side affects for her were terrible, today we celebrate the defeat of cancer during one of the most challenging times in our known history.  You got this! Fight the fight! Be strong!  Eamon is your personal soldier to protect and serve!
♥️
One year on..Still miss Lee 💙 Love 2u both xx
Thinking of you both. You really rock the short looks Bec, you are stunning inside and out.
We love uuuu !!!! From Singapore 🇸🇬
just another person here to say i feel your absence. take all the time you need. sending all the positivity i can muster.
U can do this
you are BEAUTIFUL with bangs, BEAUTIFUL with the bob, & BEAUTIFUL bald!!! you are so beautiful, and your beauty from within just amplifies that! you’re so brave and inspiring. we love you, Bec.❤️ also, Eamon has been so supportive through this process. it’s amazing to see.
My wife and I love your videos. I’ve commented before.  Just wanted to let you kids know we’re thinking and pray for you. Thanks
I hope you are doing ok……. Been watching to see if you are back! Been praying for you!
Bec it’s your journey of healing. You have wonderful support starting with Emon
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending prayer and strength your way
Eamon is the best support system someone could ever ask for!!
Thank you for sharing this with everyone it’s such a personal and difficult time for you but I know it will help a lot of people out there who are going through the same thing! And I agree with Eaton you do look hot bald so rock it girl!
Just watching older videos and accept for the exact kind of breast cancer....we have everything else the same. Mine was almost 8 years ago. We also do not live too far from each other. Pls msg me if you would like to chat PINK 💗 sisters are important and good to vent to if need be. You will be fine and fight this with all your positivity and we found humor helped alot. My husband was SO strong for me as well as your wonderful husband is for you, that's 100% the reason I did so well. Hugs to you both!!!
Don’t be concerned about the outward beauty of fancy hairstyles, expensive jewelry, or beautiful clothes.  Clothe yourselves, instead, with the Beauty that comes from within, the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is so Precious to God. 1Peter 3:3-4  "There is something We call Unconditional Love." -says the Lord, the very Spirit of Love  "I Am the Love. And I Am a Healer in All things. Believe in Me and Come to Me" -says Jesus, the Divine Creator of Heaven & earth  "I Love you at All Costs" -says the Father, who Loves you and Gave His Son for you  For God so Loved the world, that He Gave His only begotten Son... that whosoever would Believe in Him, shall not perish but have Eternal Life. -John 3:16  His Name is Jesus. He is before All things and through Him...All things consist. And I Am a Prophetess of Christ.  "You are Welcomed at All Costs...Come" -declares the Lord, the Light in the darkness
God Bless you both.  Bec is beautiful
Hi Eamon and Bec miss you both so much and thinking of you both hope your as well as can be sending love and best wishes to you both praying for you both 🙏🏻❤️
God bless you both xxx
Been missing y'all. Hope you are doing good.
Oh baby xxxxx
I found you through le vagabond.... hello from Scotland....♥️💋
Hello beautiful bec..Thinking of you always and sending all the LOVE in the world straight to your ❤
Oh my goodness you really really suit yr hair shaved....once yr better you should choose to have a pixie cut ...do it do it xxxxx
You are both so amazing and inspirational.  Thank you for being so open and vulnerable sharing this experience - it really puts life into perspective
You got this bec
I don’t follow you on Instagram! I follow on Facebook and You tube! I’m extremely invested in your journey! Please please update us on you tube! I love and miss your presence! God bless! ❤️🙏❤️🙏
You both are such beautiful people inside and out. I wish nothing but the best for you both. Bec  looks amazing with short hair too.
Your on my mind and in my prayers.
You’re so beautiful
You guys alright?? Missing you🙏🏾❤
I am brand new to your channel. I come to you from another awesome couple, Trent & Allie, I thought that there couldn't possibly be another couple as loving and great as there are. I WAS WRONG! You two are on a journey of love to the inth degree! So happy to be introduced to you. Bec, you ARE beautiful in all of your different hair stages.  Eamon you are a terrific partner. I am sending prayers up for the two of you. So glad to be guided to your channel. Looking forward to going back and getting to know the two of you. God Bless..
You definitely look amazing without hair. ♥️
My very sincerest best wishes and prayers for you both
Hey friends! Just wanted to let you know I'm thinking of you guys and your family... I saw you guys didn't upload this past Sunday, and I want you to know I'm praying for you and love you!! Your videos have helped me a lot, and I wanted to share some of that love and positivity back to you. 🌞❤🌻 Please take your time, take care of yourselves and eachother. You both rock and have an army of supporters behind you!! Keep strong!! XOXO 💪🏻🙏🏻🙌🏻❤🙌🏻🙏🏻💪🏻
Have you planned on keeping oso on a lighter note?
Hey I'm a survivor of cancer I am cancer free now it was a long 3 yrs I hope you get better very fast I love you guys be strong you can do this
Aww Bec♡ Just wanted to let you know I'm thinking of you and putting GREAT vibes upppp for you today♡♡♡ Im 'awe'fully empathetic♡♡♡ Iiii know, you know, you got this but just in case you haven't read it today... BEC, MY DARLING, YOU GOT THIS!!!!!!!!! You are a healthy, amazing, beautiful soul with infinite strength!!!!! YOU ARE A HEALTHY, AMAZING, BEAUTIFUL SOUL WITH INFINITE STRENGTH !!!!👌🙏🙌💪🥰❤We love you woman!!! (And Aemon♡♡♡)
You are stroger then you think, you got this, dont you worry girl❤️❤️🎈
Bec, my name is Taylor, I was diagnosed  with breast cancer one month behind you so I'm headed in today for my 2nd dose of that liquid sunshine (are we still calling it that?!) I know your prob healing from your third? I hope you'll keep us all posted, I know it's getting worse, but you have been an amazing inspiration to me. This Rollercoaster path of unknowns is CRAZY. My hair is almost gone now it was long like yours. I'd love to walk closer with you through this, I do know how tough and weird it is...it is a very powerful drug and feeling yourself losing brain cells is well discouraging. Keep your head up pretty lady or down WHICHEVER feels better❤ I hope to see yall or even talk to you soon. This too shall pass.
Beck, I’m 66 and believe me your hair doesn’t define you, I have extremely short hair, extremely and personally I’ve always loved the buzz cut and then you wear some real gangly beautiful colorful earrings and I think that’s the greatest look of all.  🙏🏻🙏🏻❤️
Tu n'est pas seule , on est avec toi.bon courage
Girl that face & especially that beautiful spirit & energy can rock any look. 💯❤️
You are sooo beautiful 😍
New subscriber ! Prayers and love
Thinking about you everyday!
I came here from Ali and Trent. I also live in Ontario. Prayers 🙏 You've got this. ❤️
Ice chips in mouth while done chemo is out in will help prevent inside mouth 👄 sores and blisters
You are strong, you are beautiful and nothing can take that from you.  Rock whatever you feel like.   You got this.  💗💗💗
No matter what you have to go through you will still be so beautiful. You guys are amazing.
ur in my prayers girly keep pushing forward !
I miss seeing you both and I hope you are well sending out all the love in the world from my heart to yours! ❤️❤️❤️
Big big big hugs from BC! Just found your channel and praying and cheering you on! You can do this!💕🇨🇦💐
When you mentioned Lee I could feel how big this moment was for you. I appreciate you sharing these moments with us so much. You two are so incredible. You look absolutely AMAZING, beautiful and elegant. You’ve got this 🤍
I lived with HIV infection for more than 3 years but now free after using Doctor Alued on YouTube  roots and herbs
I lived with HIV infection for more than 3 years but now free after using Doctor Alued on YouTube  roots and herbs
What a beautiful woman. You look so powerful bald. 🥰
Beautiful couple.. praying for your recovery. God bless.
I just felt the need to tell you both I love you.that’s it and I mean it a lot
Hi Bec and Eamon......the world is a bit upside down now, but you were on my mind, funny how that happens. Anyhow, I celebrated my birthday in the Catskills this past weekend. If you've never been, put that on your list and I recommend Urban Cowboy Lodge in Big Indian for lodging. But I wasn't writing about that, just writing to say that light of yours is shiney bright Bec, wishing you more wellness every moment.....Love from Massachusetts namaste, om shanti, shanti, shanti
Thinking of Bec.  I see her face on random people I see and think of the struggles she is enduring. I don’t expect you to film the entire journey because you are allowed privacy. Just sending you my loving thoughts and prayers in the words of a hug.  You are strong, you are loved and you are not alone. 🌸🌹🌷🌺💐
Sending love your way this week knowing of the difficult anniversary approaching, as well as an enormous amount of support for what you’re all going through ♥️ You guys and your families are deeply loved, so I hope that translates up to where you are.  Hope you’re receiving the signs you need most.  XOXO Love from Sunshine ☀️ aka Dannie in Ozona, Florida
Love you guys!
Hi bec let me tell you now how incredibly strong you are and don't worry you will get through this with your strong heart and you have the absolute best partnerlove you
You look great.....you both are so perfect for one another....
CONGRATULATIONS!! on reaching one million Subscribers!!!! WOOHOO!!! Way to go!!!
Bec please know that your hair will grow back . I to shaved my hair off after A few chemo treatments.All my hair has grown back.Eamon Thank You for treating your sweet wife the way you do.I just checked and my eye lashes have also grown back .
you are and will always be so pretty
Bec in this vlog your haircut looks great 👍😃 on you.I like the custom made wig My mother use to wear a wig n a wiglet years before she lost all her hair during chemo.Mom had lung cancer.She use to get them cleaned n styled by her hair dresser.The lady with the dark hair that was sitting at the table is she your mother Bec?Bec do you have a Port in your chest for Chemo?I still have my Port on the right side of my chest.When I go to the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa , FL for blood draws my Port is accessed by the lab tech then I go to Radiology for the CT scan w IV contrast.After in the afternoon I see my Hematology Oncologist and she gives me the reports from the lab work and the CT scan.
Hi Bec I'm sorry to hear about your diagnosis.July to December 2020 I had chemo and radiation for Hodgkin's Lymphoma.I know how you feel.I wish you the best possible outcome during your treatments.
I really tried to avoid watching this video and the last bc I LOVE THIS COUPLE SO MUCH . I’m praying 🙏🏽 hard for you
🥠🍀🥠💇‍♀️💪
May God be with you on your Journey....🙏✝️🤗💜
Took me a couple weeks to be able to watch this video 😭 As I am on a similar journey (colon cancer). Second chemo treatment today....you have my sympathy. Hair loss is HUGE. I was a hairstylist so....yeah. All the feels. Thanks so much for sharing 💗🌷🌼💐🍀🐦💞🌸🌺🏵️🌻I love the plant idea! And the pot was FANTASTIC!!!
Bec you are a beautiful soul! 😘🥰😍
Sending love and prayers for both of uou .
Bec, I thought of you this morning and you've been on my mind all day long.  Just wanted to tell you I am sending positive thoughts and energy your way.  Stay strong.  You can beat this thing.
Heeey just wanted to send some love to everybody💓💓 eamon and bec you guys rock!! 🤘🤘🤘
You are amazing!
i just found your channel today and man i am so filled with love and hope for you guys. You are beautiful amazing people and i appreciate you  sharing your story.
Hope you are both doing OK, I think about you often and send lots of love to you both,  Keep Strong, love you guys. Love sue from UK. Xxxx💞
Missing you on YouTube,  I hope you are having manageable chemo effects. Get a lot of much needed rest and let Eamon take care of you... love you guys and hope to see you soon...
sending love from PH. my aunt survive  breast cancer like just nothing. all sick will heal just always pray
You're so strong to share such vulnerable moments of your life. I'm pretty sure lots of people watched it and felt less alone. I wish you all the best in your journey but you're literally so strong that I'm lowkey not even worried and I'm positive you'll live a long happy life. Stay strong beautiful and keep up being a supporting partner Eamon!
I haven't experienced cancer but I have experienced being bedridden for almost a year, sleeping 18 hours a day, seriously considering shaving my head off. Those were the worst days of my life time went so slowly I thought I'd kill myself but it passed and it doesn't haunt me anymore. I know it feels too hard sometimes someday you don't think you'll gonna make it but you will and you will let go of it completely except for the strength and empathy it built for you. Hang in there x
So glad you came to a positive place with this and so appreciative that you shared the journey with us. I cried with you and laughed with you (and that was an emotional catharsis I didn't know I needed for my own health stuff, so I'm weirdly grateful?)  And if I saw you out in the wild, rocking your beautiful bald head, I would only ever think of you as a strong survivor and an amazing badass!   Congrats on 1M subs! 🥳 Hope you have been continuing to do well with treatment.
I only stumbled upon you two a couple of days ago, and have watched, I don't know...15 or so of your amazing videos.  Many of those almost bring me to tears witnessing such a healthy, good natured, courageous and loving couple going through life in such an inspiring way.  Just love you guys.  Today, I wanted to share your videos with a close friend of mine, told him to look you guys up on your youtube channel and low and behold, I see these recent updates on Bec's cancer and whatever else you've both shared since that announcements.  I was blown away - not just by the integrity, honesty and courage of Bec and both of you, in fact, but that I had missed out on this development until just a few hours ago.  My heart goes out to both of you for what turn in the road you've been forced to go down, and for the bumps ahead.  That said, I can't think of better spirited human beings to weather what the near future holds, with love and good vibes which will most certainly lead to a speedy and full recovery.  A the age of 64, I can tell you that I know a lot of women that have gone through this, and after the dismal treatment phase, long and healthy lives are still being led.   Good luck, warmest thoughts and best wishes to both of you.  Oh yeah, I almost bought one of your candles yesterday, but didn't as at that moment I deferred because I hadn't smelled it yet and wasn't sure I would have liked it.  Well, I'm absolutely going to do it right away, and however it smells, I'll like it - I'm sure.  Every time I light it I'll be reminded of two fantastic people and their inspiring journey through life.  Lots of love, guys.
Been thinking about you two dear ones. Sending you positive vibes and wishing Bec strength to push through all the discomfort and feelings of loss that one can find overwhelming while fighting through to the wellness side of illness. Picture yourself there, enjoying your adventurous life again with Eamon in all the wonderful places yet to visit and take us along with you! Your loving world awaits you!
Hope you see this and know I am thinking about the two of you. God bless
❤️♥️❤️
1) you really do rock the no hair look!  2) I loved the bob too!!!!!
WE LOVE YOU BEC!!! ❤  You and Eamon are in my  families thoughts and prayers everyday.
Watching this late at nite...four dogs on bed snoring.   Thank you for sharing such an intimate part of your life.  Wish you both the best❤️❤️
Words fail me. You are both incredible. So brave, so positive, so loving. Wishing you all the health and happiness ❤️
Bec, you have beautiful facial features and definitely look beautiful in your new natural crown! Sending you both much support and prayers of blessings in your journey as you fight this battle together. I too had been through what you are going through, although you are braver than I was to publicly show vulnerable side. However, remembering that this too shall pass into your brighter days as a survivor helped me. You are very blessed to have the love and support of Eamon, who I find very humorous,  yet loving and very kind spirited. Congratulations on your million milestone viewership. Many this be an encouragement for many viewers in the future.
BEC!  much love to you!  this is so brave and courageous.  thank you!
Embrace the edge. I know its not you're typical style but, your shaved head, it's very chic. Think of all those African-American girls who wear their hair this way as a choice. 😉
Oh lovely one. Glad you had your crying cleansing day and are back and ready for battle!💜
I know your probably not gonna see this but i am really sorry you have to lose all your hair:(.My 4th grade teacher has to have chemotherapy also so i wont see hr for the rest of the year and again i really hope you get soooooooooooooooo much better!!!!
I just started following but… Bec is beyond amazing because instead of letting this trying time slowly take away her strength she took it upon herself to feel the lows but rise above and not let her spirit fade❤️🙏🏽
you both rock. All the emotions of life. Thank You so much for sharing. Hope through your video more can understand what it means to be facing such struggles and learn to be more compassionate and loving.  All you need is love. This really blew my mind. Remembering my mother and her chemo.  I am recovering from a heart attack. That really shoved mortality in my face. Love you both.
With those cheekbones you needed to try short.   Sorry it took cancer.   You couldn’t look anything but pretty. In our thoughts.   Ask for all the anti sickness meds you can x you
You are stronger than you think. I shaved my head on Feb 24 and I have decided no wigs. Yours is Awesome!!! I’m like you and have decided if I don’t want to wear my ball cap people will just have to deal with it. I’m older than you but chemo isn’t for the weak. We have to stay strong both mentally and physically. Stay Strong💪💪💪💪
you have all my prayers! You will come out of this stronger than you have ever been! All the love 💗
I'll tell you love. I use to feel that exact same way and my hair was super long as well. Shaving my head helped grow my confidence because I thought my hair made me beautiful. It's really helped me appreciate my facial features.
Sending so much love and prayers your way, from the uk xx
Bec you are beautiful and even more beautiful with no hair  and if you ever need questions about Wigs ill help you i wear them all the time I love you bec and I'm keeping all of you in my prayers Eamon Thank you for being so strong for Bec I was begging God to heal you why I cried 😢 😭 I hope he answers my plea for you 🙏 ❤ You both have  become my family and what ever it takes your gunna beat this nasty disease I'm gunna hug you and Eamon threw the computer stay Strong  stay Positive
You are in my prayers every minute.  Luv ya
I watched for the first time as Trent & Ali mentioned Bec and her journey, I had my journey almost 8 years ago. As I watched I was so stund that you are in the Kingston area as I am as well!!!! I also had the "red devil" & peed red etc etc. Bec I am here for you, any questions/venting/whatever just let me know!!! I will be following your brave journey! My moto is Go Fight Win!!! You also have a wonderful man, as I did/do....thats the best!!! Hugs to u  both!!! 🤗
Totally miss you guys but anxiously look forward to seeing this journey through to a beautiful life experience where Bec kicks cancers ass with the help of coach Emon.... hugs kids...
Hi Bec! You are seriously beautiful with and without your hair. 😍 giving Matrix vibes with the new do. 😉 My husband and I are sending prayers your way. You are strong and you will get through this. You have Eamon, your family and Lee who is there with you every step of the way. Also don’t forget the community you both have built here on YouTube. We are rooting for you and always wanting to see you Sunday! Much love to Eamon and you. - Brian and Jazlin❤️
You look cute with our hair, you have a beautiful 😍 😘 😍  godbless🙏🙏🙏🙏
He's right, It looks Amazing!
You are absolutely beautiful 🥰
God bless you
Sending light and love. Keep healing
I hope you're doing as well as you can be right now.  I pray for you every single night and miss watching you and Eamon.  Take care of yourself and know that you are LOVED a ton 💖💖
Hope your doing good. Sending you happy healing thoughts❤❤❤❤
I love you 2 so much❤️❤️I’m so glad you have Eamon❤️❤️you are going to come thru this stronger together ❤️❤️
Praying for you Bec!!!!!!!! Always love your positivity!!!!!
Dear One, in nothing but love I must ask you the most important question of your life.  The Million-Dollar Question: Will you go to Heaven when you die? Have you lied, stolen, used God's name in vain, or lusted (which Jesus said was adultery, Mt. 5:28)? If so, God sees you as a liar, thief, blasphemer and adulterer at heart.   If you die in your sins, you will end up in a terrible place called Hell. But there is good news!!! Though we broke God's Law, Jesus paid the fine by dying on the cross: "God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life" (Jn. 3:16).  Then Jesus rose from the dead and was seen by hundreds (It's no fairytale). He fulfilled all the prophecies of the promised Savior.   Please, today, repent (confess and turn away from sin, you will be free of guilt and shame) and put your faith in Jesus Christ as the only one who can save you from the judgement of God through His sacrifice on the cross. This is so urgent. You do not know when your last breath will be.  God will forgive you and grant you the gift of eternal life (Eph. 2:8,9). He will give you a new heart that desires what is pleasing to God and the Holy Spirit will live inside you as you are now a child of God.  Then to show your gratitude, read the bible daily (God speaks to you personally through the scriptures) and obey it, join a Christian church and be baptized.  I love you. I beg you. Do not delay.  "The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand; repent and believe in The Gospel"  Mark 1:15.  This is a production of Living Waters Ministry  LivingWaters.com Visit NeedGod.com
Sending positive vibes ❤️
Thinking of you daily, sending loads of love and healing thoughts your way. 💕😘💕
You look beautiful, Bec! Keep it up! And Eamon, you're an amazing supporter and partner for her. I have been following you two for years. Never said commented ever, just enjoyed your videos week after week. I just thought I finally break my silence to show my support and offer my encouragement from this corner of the earth to your corner of the earth. You have thousands of comments to attend to, so if you can't get around to this one, no worries. Just know this silent viewer has always accompanied your amazing journey and voyage of life. Don't stop; keep sharing.
I miss you two
Hey y'all. Just came to say how much you are on my mind lately. I pray you are well. And the chemo is doing its job. God bless you both. I look forward to the day Bec is free of cancer. 🙏
Hope you 2 lovely people are doing ok, understand totally about videos not being put up, I just wanted to let you know were ALL thinking of you both and sending hugs, STAY STRONG BEC!!! Love Rose xxx
Hey Bec I know it hard right now but I want to tell you are a true inspiration and you are just as beautiful today as you was yesterday. Your hair looks great just the way it is...
Since it has been a while since last video, I just want to say that you are in my daily prayers and how much I admire you! My sister came down with breast cancer at age 78 and lost her battle! So I know how difficult the battle is!! I'm fighting prostrate cancer, diagnosis in Sept. of '18 was stage 4. The prednisone helped keep the TSA numbers down to non existent but fed the squeamish cancer cells by my left ear. Had 2 tumors and ended up losing my ear too! So I hate big "C" with a passion pray for a positive outcome for you!! Love from afar to you both!! D
I can not truly understand the pain of loosing your hair, other than the fact of watching my mom and grandmother (twice) go through it. My mother is a 42 year survivor.  They both said it is easier to shave your head before you start loosing your hair.  You are so courageous! Never give up lean on your family and friends!
~✨🕉💖☯✨~
You guys are so strong ❤️❤️ I love your channel!
Bec you look great.  Such a beautiful woman!!!
I have recently found you both in social media and I adore your love and personalities!!  Bec, seriously you rock the bald!  You look stunning and I am so glad you have Eamon in your corner!   Big hugs to you both!
I had a mammogram yesterday, and they made us get a bunch of extra angles, then they made me do ultrasounds... And now I'll have to get a biopsy soon. Two, actually. Part of me is like, hello, vegetarian who works out every day and spends most of my time van lifing in the countryside, no family history, etc... But then I'm like, if it happened to you... It could happen to me too. And I don't know if this will be any kind of comfort to you, but because you're sharing your journey, I think I'll spend less time searching for "what I did wrong" or how it's "my fault." Because honestly if you got breast cancer with all your love and healthy food and good attitude, it all must be a total crapshoot, and for some reason that's kind of comforting to me right now. Because if I'm sick, at least I won't be heaping self blame on up of everything else. I didn't word that well, but I hope you understand what I'm trying to say. Thank you for sharing your journey, and I'm sorry this happened to you.
Eamon and Bec I have been thinking about you allot lately. You're both been in my Prayers. Yesterday well watching youtuber Trent and Allie, Allie brought you both up and the battle your taking on. Thanks Eamon for being Bec's rock now and always...
So beautiful! Love you guys!!!!
Praying for yall still!!!!
Thank God for husband's as good as ours girl!! I don't have cancer but at age 40 I was diagnosed with a connective tissue disorder called Ehlers Danlos Syndrome. At the time we had two teen-agers, lived in a house with stairs that I could not climb anymore, had to give up my job. So, we moved to a bigger bungalow (in the Netherlands most houses are two levels or more), thankfully in the same part of town so for the children not much changed. My job ended. I got more and more medical issues. And my husband never complained. He had (and still has) a busy job, came home and had to cook, do the laundry, went grocery shopping, cleaned the bed's, and became my nr.1 caregiver. I know for a fact that there are a lot of man (and women) who give up. Can't handle having a partner that's I'll. In our case we know that I will only get worse and because it doesn't necessarily kills me, God knows how many years he has to take care of me. And, most important... Stay husband and wife. !! You need to stay husband and wife and you need to keep talking to eachother. We are now 11 years after I was diagnosed. And we are still going strong.  I know that you're relationship will survive this as well. You are a team  So .. I wish you strength and love and that you body defeats this cancer. You are strong, you can do this 💪 Lot's of love from the Netherlands, Daniëlle 😘
I think for any woman losing their hair would be so hard. But some women really look good bald or with very little hair.. Bec you are one of them. You are Beautiful inside and out. ❤ Such a Strong person. And Eamon you are such a wonderful husband supporting and being there for Bec the way you are is truly amazing. Love and Hugs to you both.
Oh yes... I named my first wig , Cousin It... because I would stick my head into the wig and I would raise up with hair all over my face.   So. Cousin IT from the Addams family.
I forgot to tell you that I have my hair again and it's growing very well and thick I have my own eyebrows and eyelashes. So it comes back.
I have Stage 4breast Cancer. I took Chemo from October 2020 to October 2021. I lost my long hair also and I felt overwhelmed from it, because I had always had thick long hair.   Losing underarm hair and other areas wasn't a sacrifice. But, I discovered beautiful wigs...and I got kinda crazy and bought a dark purple bob with bangs and had fun with it!   I'm now on monthly shots and a hormone inhibitor pill once a day.  I feel good and my tumor markers have dropped to very low so my doctor is very impressed with my results.  I think if you can keep a positive mindset and believe that God has great plans for your future, you can have fantastic things in the future. Never give up on becoming healthy again.  No doctor is able to determine your future. It's between you and God what happens.  You are a blessing to others to give hope in how you handle this.  God bless you and I will be praying for you guys in this experience Hang in there  You can do this!
Bec you are a very beautiful woman, inside and out. You are going through the most difficult thing and you are doing it with such grace. I know you will continue to be strong for Yourself, Eamon and your family. And just know, we your audience, see the true beauty of Bec. Sending you tons of love 💕
I have been following y’all for years! Bec, you are incredible. You’re crushing this and have become a role model for anyone who might also be going through the same. Thank you so much for taking us along with you through ALL your emotions. You are strong, you are brave, and most of all beautiful inside and out. To Eamon… I absolutely love the support and strength you show and have for Bec. Wow.
Eamon your an amazing partner, and Bec you are going to continue to kick this is in the butt! You two are meant for each-other in ways unimaginable. And take all the time you need. We will be here 🤟🏾
Eamon you should go bold too buddy. And Bec God bless you girl, prayers are in order for you. And I know you'll pull through this. We love you guys.
Get well soon
The hair place you went to is amazing !! One of my favourite in town !!
you actually have the perfect bone structure for a bald head!
Hey this is Mar 23 and havent seen any recent videos of you . I know this is a difficult time for y'all . All I can say is Im praying for you . I check every day for a new video . When I dont see one I know you must be having a bad day . ( Sorry for posting here but I didnt know where else to post ) Keep smiling and hang in there . It will get better SHERRY
You are on my mind everyday. Still praying for you and your family.
I agree Bec you can definitely rock the baldness...just remember...what you're going through doesn't define you!  Your beautiful smile, and the way your eyes light up do...the way you and Eamon approach difficulties with stregth and determination is what defines you each individually and together!  You will beat this, just as any other obstacle your journey thrown in your way!  And Eamon keep rocking in supporting her when she needs it...even in those times she says she doesn't want you to!
Prayers
Bec I have a question for you , would you be offended if I made you a cancer support blanket to help keep you warm during your treatments? I have made some for friends and family who have gone through the journey you are on and they said it gave them strength. Let me know as I do not want to offend you ever. Love you both <3
You have the most amazing head and body type to rock your new shaved head. Your eyes are beautiful and soul is even more beautiful. FYI: love your hats and wraps.  Don’t be afraid to start collect earrings large and dangling looks great with short hair. I been following you all from van life. Sending virtual hugs and strength. You rock ❤️
Sending love hope to hear an update soon loving you every sunday ❤️❤️
Losing your hair will not change your beauty. When I lost mine during chemo, my hair came back silkier and thicker. I know you think it doesn’t matter to me, but I always had long straight since high school. I know it was upsetting but when you see what comes back, I think you’ll be happy. Stay strong and positive!!!!
Don't do chemo or radiation.
Praying for you!!! You are so so so beautiful! I will always love you 🤍
BEC, you are an Amazing strength.  I was diagnosed Feb 2nd 2022, and  I need you to know that my prayers are going up for both of us that God will strengthen our journey and that our Testimony will strengthen others as well.  May God Bless and Keep You Always. 🤗💞
Your amazing, strong and beautiful  Inside and out!
You guys made me cry for you both.  Even though you, Bec, are the one that is not feeling your best, you realize that Eamon is going through it along with you..  When you asked Eamon if he was ok and asked how he was doing I lost it.  The bond between the two of you is so sweet.  I hope and 🙏 for you to conquer this quickly. ❤❤❤
Sending thoughts and prayers your way🙏during this difficult time. (Truly inspirational to see the strength, love 💗 and courage you two share together 💕)
Really worried about you bec.  I haven't seen any recent videos and I do check every day.I am a patron and I tried to send you a plant, because we know how much you love plants or flowers but your zip code is not right, or I'm doing something wrong. I hope all was well and you are in my thoughts and my prayers every day. stay safe and be well.. miss your videos
Sending you love and healing vibes!
Just stopping by this video again because I haven’t seen you guys post anything in awhile. I am sending prayers your way and I hope all is well. I know you have so much going on so it’s hard to make videos. But just know here in Columbus Ohio we are thinking about you!
Hi Eamon and Bec! Trent and Allie sent me over and I’m so happy to be here. You are both amazing people and I just want you to know that you have one more person sending you love! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending love and light to you both.  I hope you are both doing as best you can.  We love you both.
its bin over 2 weeks now .... so i re watched this video !   so hope all is going well / better !!!   ... i know its got to be super hard making videos like that and then editing them .....  you dont have to make 30 min  !!! just 5-10 is enough to let us all know you are ok-ish !? GL
this is the first time on your channeli have seen you two with trent and allie on van life but i will be watcking you two and i will bell saying prayers for you    and i want you to know girl you are rocking the bald look im not sure what day your new videos come out but i will be watching
we love you Bec so much love to you both Eamon Rocks such a kind soul if you ever wanna come to Florida come to our homestead
Hope you are both enjoying some warm, spring air, and healing sunshine. Find a patch of moss, and stand barefoot, it's quite grounding. Look up at the sky, and see the world around you, and know that the renewal is happening from within as well. Sending love and light and healing vibes.
Thinking of you both today as I watched Trent and Allie send lots of love your way. Sending hugs, prayers and good vibes. You are beautiful inside and out, Bec, with or without hair.
Don’t worry lol you look so good I have never seen any One else look so good dolls like have you looked at any of the emojis cousin none of them have hair and so I guess you’re like one of them and I said you look so good but I can’t say it enough
Give her time to process what is happening to her.  You look beautiful!!
A woman's hair is her glory.  And something hard to let go of.  Just the truth.  My heart goes out to you.  Found you from Trent and Allie.  ❤
You r beautiful!
Hello Eamon & Bec, I have been watching you two people for a year now. I am praying for you Bec and Eamon and wishing the very best for you both!! God bless and my very best two you both!! 🙂🙂🙂
I watched this right when it came out and I am still thinking about it. In fact I shared it with all my friends. I’m a licensed therapist working in a medical clinic and will continue to share with my patients. You both display an amazing amount of courage during this difficult time. My aunt has had breast cancer three times. Please remember that you are amazing and don’t forget lots of self care💕
Thank you for showing all the hard stuff. I haven’t known anyone with cancer but I speak with customers facing medical issues every day as part of my job and I never was able to really empathize like I wanted to. Your videos are opening up a side of their experience that I hadn’t understood before. Thank you for being so graceful.
Her name should be Fifie.
You guys are loved💖
God Bless you and ur amazing husb. I'm a Breast Cancer survivor, over 20 yrs. I had a total mastectomy and no implants by choice. Prosthesis are so life like and comfortable. I did not have to have the MRM or Chemo, but I did this by choice. Had all lymph nodes removed, all came back clear. Are u having any surgical treatment? The doctor wanted to remove the lump which was,found on a mammo,  could not feel or see it. It was my 1st mammo and they found it then. Please everyone get your mammo. God Bless you. This is 1st time I've heard of your vlog, thru Trent & Allie. Can't wait to see other videos. 💗
Precious Eamon and Bec, I'm sending you all the love I have.  You haven't posted for 2 weeks, and I know how sick you were before, and I'm worried sick that you may be coping with serious side effects, so much that you're unable to post. Know you both are in my constant thoughts and prayers, and I know God will walk you through this.  I am fighting breast cancer myself, so I do know a little bit of what you're going through, although this battle is different for each woman going through it.  Bec, you are a strong, beautiful woman, and have the world's most awesome partner beside you.  I so hope you have the strength and energy to post very soon, both the good and bad. You've got thousands of people around the world pulling for you.  You are so loved!!!!!! Betty from Virginia USA
I tend to watch this for awhile... and I tear up and can't breathe right, so I take a break; do some work, come back and watch and end up crying again til it is too hard to see the video properly.  I have watched you guys off and on since way before you left North America in Trinity. I have watched you through so many adventures--too many to ever count. And also through numerous struggles, hardships, disappointments and even heartbreak. I have felt like I've KNOWN you for years.  Finding out one day recently - seeing Bec and that damned title... and realizing she is hurting... and what you are both facing now, took my breath... I prayed off and on for a few days. I couldn't watch til now.., and it is all truly so emotional. I send you so much love, hope, and prayers for a miraculous and thorough recovery, Bec -- Eamon thank you for loving her for all of us and taking such good care of her! We are all deeply moved by this and we witness what you share, Bec and it will gently compel us to pray for you guys and wish you all good things. ♥ LOVE to you both.
You are beautiful with no hair.
I can’t stop crying.  I can’t even imagine the pain.  What a beautiful soul is Eamon
Bec you are so beautiful don’t let anyone bring you down you are so strong  and I know you can get through it! You are beautiful just the way you are!
eamon is the goat, the way he loves and support is so great
Fortunately you have great bone structure and look wonderful with no hair!!
Hi Eamon & Bec, I keep looking on here everyday for an update, hoping you’re doing well xxx were all here for you both and thinking of you! Sending you lots of positive energy and love
You are ROCKING IT Bec! I agree 100% with Eamon. You feel whatever emotions you want Bec. Sending you all the positive vides and energy to you both. You are so very lucky to have so many family and friends. #ROCKONBEC
I think of you both often during my day. I dont know how much it will help... but I have put your YouTube videos on all day, one after another. I love hearing your voices as I work and hope it helps with you logarithm and will hopefully make you a few more pennies. Sending the brightest healing light to you both!!
You genuinely look really beautiful
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Just want to send you guys some love today. I hope you feel it. ❤️
Hang in there❤️❤️❤️
Love the red head cap look.....but your beautiful bald as well.
You 2 are awesome love your love
Thank you so much for sharing your life with us. I can't believe what you guys are going through. It takes alot to put such personal emotions out there for the world to see. Bec you are doing awesome and have to take time for you! Until I see you guys again I will be watching all your videos over again❤
the wig looks great bec ! hope you’re doing well !
You guys are amazing and I admire you both so much. I hope you're doing well and I'm sending you all big hugs xo
Remember: The EPHIRIAMITES IN MOROCCO who send you healing. https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxfoxS5bLYLl4A3ZrZAcUIIOhDWHTBIJdJ - These are healing priests. Contact them to pray for you. Yahua is the healer. This was your message and warning for if you did get sick or take any lollipops you should not have. Avoid them at all costs. Praying for you.
Can we just take a moment to say how much we appreciate you guys bringing us along. It reminds me of my moms journey. In a way reliving it again. Bec you are beautiful inside and out. The way you smile makes this world a better place. Eamon, Thank you. It may sound strange, but Thank you for being Becs rock and the communities rock. We love you both ❤️
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL! You look amazing with a shaved head well any hair style really. Eamon where did you get that pot with glasses? Super cute and what a thoughtful gift "..it will grow back.."
Sending   You   Sooooo  much   Strength   and Love  To both   And  OMG   YOU  LOOOOOK  AMAZING  with No  hair.      Hugging  you Both   so tight.   I live In Kitchener  Ontario  and will be  going  to Your tea place in the spring     ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Newbie…got here from Trent and Allie. My thoughts and prayers are with you!!!🙏🤗
Hello Bec Your in my prayers God bless you. I pray your doing well. Sending lots of hugs from.Denver co 💐Beck.we serve a mighty God.AMEN
Lots of love and power ❤️
Your bald head is like a badge of courage. Life is not fair. You are right you are BEAUTIFUL❣
the vulnerability you show just gets me in my heart.  All the best during this challenging time.  I am crying right beside you both and cheering you both as well.  Blessings
Bec, I am sending out special prayers to you and Earmon, We are so lucky to live in a time when Dr's and hospitals and science are improving by leaps and bounds, take care. and You DO Look so cute, and I am sure you will carry off the no hair look also.
I have enjoyed your travel videos so much! I have been binge watching to catch up! Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out, but allow yourself to the freedom to express your emotions. Eaton you are such a good partner, so supportive! Give yourself some space to be able to express your feelings too!
Bec you are beyond beautiful!! You spread joy and happiness through your smile. Stay happy and blessed. Lots of love.
You can do this ❤
Love you guys and hope your doing well. Bec, you are a very strong woman and Eamon is a very strong supportive partner. Hope to see you back soon. My prayers and love is with you both.
Hope you know you have people that have made this cancer journey are keeping you close. You are strong and have Eamon by your side. You can do this!
❤
I was watching Trent and Allie last night and they are sending out much love and support for you. There’s no telling how many hearts you have touched, you are both a beacon of hope. Praying for peace, comfort and healing rest.💗
Thinking of you and sending love.
Father, I lift up Your Bec in prayer and Eamon also. I pray that this journey they are on and the outcome of it will be filled with Victory, Peace & Joy. Give Bec strength, courage & comfort as You carry her through this. Eradicate this cancer from her body, I pray for total healing both physically, spiritually & emotionally. In Your Precious Name Lord Jesus, Amen & Amen
سلام بيك انا ايلا قد التقينا في المغرب اتمنى لك الشفاء العاجل
Just popped back to see you again and to  say we are sending lots of love to you both and that are prayers are for you to kick this in the butt and come thru smiling and strong. the road is goin to be up and down but with all experience's come little bumps and bruises We know with Eamon next to you you can knock this outta the ball park to be home and free we got your back with all the love and support we can give form Africa be strong Bec and Eamon.
You both are so strong. You look so good Bec!
Gosh I cried with you and smiled with you through  this. Bless you both bec I've always been in awe of you... now your my hero and super woman in real life. Thank you for sharing your journey  with us. Was so raw and real... use truly have touched my soul. All my love us with you through this bec all the way from Tasmania xxxxx
just thinking of you both and sending much love and blessings for healing and peace during this most challenging journey. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, I left you and Eamon's  channel a while back just after Lee killed herself. I still have strong feelings about her taking her beautiful life. I was watching the recent Trent and Ally eps. and they mentioned you and I had to come see it for myself. I have to say I'm dumbfounded that two people who live such a clean lifestyle could have so much  tragedy happen to them but your husbands right about your beauty. Trust him, he told you the truth, your hair wasn't the thing that makes you amazing and pretty, it's the way your fighting this, it's the way your not giving up, it's the true beauty of who you are. I wish you love as you move through this part of your life. The hair will grow back and I know you'll still be the strong pretty sexy woman I've always seen you to be.
Praying for you! Black seed oil reduces cancer cells. I pray you have an experience with the Holy Spirit.
Eamon - you should shave your head and beard to show support for bec.  Be a man and buzz off!!!!!
A woman shows her true beauty when she rids herself from all her attachments and comes out with a bright smile!!!  Bec your are your beautiful self.  You don't need makeup, hair, fancy clothing or anything else to be your very best.  You can be truly free!!!  But unfortunately you can no longer blame your hair if your day sucks!!!
Sending you Love, Strength and Healing thoughts. You guys are always in my thoughts and prayers. You got this!❤️💙💜🧡
Girl you look so good! You’re totally rocking it!!
Are you considering a henna crown?
How is Bec doing? I’ve been praying and will continue to pray for both of you❤️
💐💐💐
Can I just say everyone is right Bec... you just look stunning!!!  It brings out your eyes it brings out your smile you still have joy we adore you both we're so proud of your strength and this journey and how we see you pulling through with your transparency and your honesty and just wanted you to know how much we love you and we support you and y'all are a treasure couldn't live without your honesty thank you for your blessing us with your journey you're definitely in our prayers daily.
Praying for God to hold you in his loving arms.I can’t believe how strong you’ve been through it all.Miracle is a good name but in Spanish it’s Milagros.
Much, much love! God bless you both! June
Prayers for the two of you! You guys are amazing!
I understand how you felt bout your hair , i have long brown hair forever i am now old and should cut it i am told (58) the roots are starting to grey, i will try find someone in the UK that will take real hair as i lost my Father to Cancer, if anyone knows here how i do that please.x
I like the wig, it is so natural, and I for one would NEVER have known.   The mole... Nothing to fear but fear itself.   The scarfs alone is not doing you any favors, and I am saying that with love...  It is a sign of weakness... Cancer, bad hair day, confusion as to what to do with your hair that day...  Distress in general.   Wig or bald for strength, commit.
You're in everyone's thoughts and prayers.  Stay safe - follow the doctors instructions - wonderful strong angels are guiding and watching over both of you.
You look stunning with and without , keep on being strong 💪
We identify with all the things we are, however, the loss of your hair says you will not be defeated.  You are strong, and you will fight.  You will do this because as the loss of your hair say's... "YOU ARE STRONG AND A FIGHTER!"  You don't have to feel that way all the time, you have a good partner to help you through this journey, and that is what wigs were made for.  You are cute in that cut, look younger, and in charge of your life.  I t's fresh and who you will take this person over the finish line.  My sister was shocked to find she had throat and lung cancer since she just went in to get a physical as she was now 65., but she beat it.   She didn't loose her hair, but it did thin.  She has her natural hair back (it was 4 years ago), but found that she likes wings now.  There can be long, or even ever lasting effects from radiation (she still can't taste or smell food the way she use to, as it should be, so keeping weight on her lifetime of thinness is difficult, but today their are ways and organizations to fight those too, and it is only getting better. Remember even when you feel lone in this, you never are.  Family, friends, and members are cheering you on.  You will beat this.
Bec- You are strong! You are brave! You are loved and you have a whole community out here who love you, support you, laugh and cry with you. We can’t all be Eamon- but we can bring some pretty powerful good vibe, love and prayers your way. You will be healthy- you are kicking some cancer booty!😘
You look beautiful without hair!
Close your eyes and fast forward 5 years. You are pregnant with your second child. You and Eamon are amazing parents. The love you have for each other is so beautiful. Your life journey has been such an inspiration to so many! You were put on this earth for a reason and you will remain here for many many years to come. Your cancer journey is now just a memory but has reinforced and strengthened your ability to appreciate how beautiful and precious life is. Wishing you and your family so much love and happiness as you journey continues! ❤❤❤❤
Good job both of you. Bec your so amazing and strong. You can do this.
You are beautiful, hair or not! With no hair, showers take about 3 minutes. It is the best thing!
Yes! Bec you do look cute  great bald!  xoxo
Just wanted to say what an incredible couple you are.  Thank you for sharing this journey Bec, you got this.  Sending good vibes your way!
You probably won’t see this bec. But miss gurl you are frickin hot bald! I love keeping up with y’all and I will keep watching!
So Beautiful 😍 Family We love you Guys I'm from Ukraine My heart broken 😞 twice Be Healthy and Be Glory please Bec we love you so much!!! Eamon you are same Hero like our HEROES in Ukraine !!! 🇺🇦
As a hairstylist and breast cancer and chemo survivor, I recommend you use Nioxin or Bosley to use every day the whole time you are going through chemo. Prayers for your journey!
Thinking about you both!
I think you're really pretty.  Hair or no hair!  Everything will be ok.   Have faith.
If you haven't named your wig yet, I vote for Sasha Fierce!
Bec, I know you’re feeling horrible most days. By now, you are probably sleeping a lot more than you would like to. Some days I slept 18 hours. Just when I started to feel a little better it was time for another round. Everything started to taste metallic and the only thing that helped was lemon water. My feet peeled, I felt like I was walking on pegs. My skin broke out in rashes and my face developed huge dry spots. I lost my eyebrows and lashes and it was worse than losing my hair. Everyone could see I was sick. A wig didn’t matter. But people were lovely to me. Other women who had gone through it would tell me that I would be okay. I’m here to tell you that you are a warrior and you will come out on the other side of this different but stronger. I am now coming up on 4 years. Mine was HER+. The fast grower. I don’t know which is harder. Fast or slow, it’s all terrifying. My oncologist told me that I am cleared because mine was such a fast “angry cancer” that had we not gotten it, we would have known by now. Keep fighting it, girl. You will feel normal again one day. My treatment went for 7 months. I was able to get a lumpectomy. I was barely a Stage 2A but technically a 3A because of the size of the tumor at 2.5cm. Mine had not spread to the sentinel node. You have many people who are praying for you. 💕
Do you two have a playlist? Damn your video music is so good. I have a lot of crazy unexplained serious neuro problems and I feel you with this health journey.
Bec I'm so concerned about you. Sending love and prayers. Miss you.
We are thousands of people who love you Bec... And there are thousands of us who literally cry with you... We cheer for you and genuinely care about how hard this is and how it is affecting you. We love you Bec. Sometimes the hardest way to be strong is to simply rest and accept help. Accepting help is harder than giving it and people don't talk about that enough but it's true. We believe in you.
I watched this video and haven't heard anything from you guys - hence, can only assume it's a rough patch for you two. Know that there are lots of us out here thinking of you, praying for you, and sending you healing white iight. Blessings of health and endurance to you both.
Can we just talk about how sweet eamon is know matter how much because is going through he stays with her and bec don't worry you're pretty no matter what. You're such a fighter you have this I love you and I hope you can start feeling better and I will keep you in my prayers
I have to let you know that I know what you're going threw
You should use the leaf blower to blow off your car in the winter
Know that u make ur hair NOT the other way around.
Ramon should shave his head also. They are such a cute couple
Take all the time you need for yourselves.  Just know we are sending our best wishes your way.  Love and healing to you all.  I hope it helps knowing how many lives you touch with your beautiful energy.
Sending u lots of luv and support from a sister survivor. U are going to go thru so many emotions but know that u are stronger than this disease.  I am sending u words of encouragement and to tell u to keep staying amazing,strong and positive.  We are all routing for u and am here to just be a leaning post for you. U got this!!!!!!
Thinking of you both!! Sending love 💕
How beautiful you are with or without hair, My wife went through AML leukemia and she also struggled with hair loss
🤍🤍
Praying for you both.You are beautiful,hair or not. Eamon you are a wonderful caring person. You and Bec are perfect together.  Both very encouraging and inspiring.
Your are stronger then you believe.  It is just hair.  It does not define the fabulous person you are.  My mom lost her hair and she was ready to set a trend at 48:years old.
I shaved my head for a teacher in 3rd grade just cause she had to go through the same she is and that just kills me
Bec you look beautiful my prayers are with you both . I have Lupus and in 2010 the Lupus damaged my kidneys I had to have cytoxan injection and I lost all my hair it was one of the hardest thing to give up so many emotions. Thank God my kidneys are better my Lupus is under control my hair came back and I'm beyond thankful to God.
Hi guys, just wanted to stop by and say I missed you this week and hope you are doing well. Sending good vibes your way!
Your journey is hitting a nerve for me.  Although my cancer was not breast but colon, when you had your first chemo….  I was gagging….  I did 12 rounds of chemo back in 2017, every 2 weeks…  had to stop for a month because of low white cells count…  and had to do injections after each treatment after that.   My heart is going out for you.  BUT…You got this…  One step at a time and you are way stronger than you think.  Although I didn’t lose all my hair, had to do a pixie cut.  Lost almost all my eyelashes and eyebrows…  I am also following Trent and Ally and was so happy today when I saw that she donated some of her beautiful hair.  You don’t know me and I only know you through YouTube but I think of you often and I am sending positive vibes to you.  You got this.  Hugs
Aimee (Kinging it) has some cute wigs, she’s totally amazing. Being friends with her is a total blessing 💛💖❤️💜💕🧡
Miss seeing both your faces and think of you every day! Keeping you in my thoughts and sending much love and healing energy.  X💛X
Hang in there Bec & Eamon, big hug to get you both through this
Thinking of you Bec ❤❤❤ you got this!!
Just watched Trent & Allie, so many folks are sending healing prayers.Beautiful Beck’s cancer won’t stand a chance against all the love!🧡💕💚💚❤️❤️💜💛💖
My mom got breast cancer in 1985, mastectomy and no rad. or chemo.  Went to the bones and passed away 1991.  Very glad that you are getting both.   My mom would be 101 today. Take care and will be praying for your healing.
Bec, you were created for a perfect purpose, by a perfect God. He loves you and is always with you, He is at the door of your heart. Let him in and the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding,  guard your heart and thoughts in Christ Jesus. Numbers 6:24-26 John 3:16 Eamon, God knows your heart, we pray that he gives you strength and wisdom to overcome this great trial. blessings Martin & Nadia
Hope you are doing well and things are going good for you guys we miss you and our prayers are with you god bless
Bald is Beautiful, 1000X more so in Bec"s case.
I had not been following you guys through the pandemic (my error obviously) I’m sorry to hear about your diagnosis- but I am brought to tears by your strength (both of you), kindness and love. Praying and sending healing vibes from Colorado
Prayers and strength your way.   Hoping that you are not in pain and if you r may god lessen it.  Big hug to both.
Bec 🤍 thank you for sharing such a vulnerable part of this journey. As women, so much of our identity and sexuality is in our hair. I’m SO proud of you. You rock all these hairstyles with such strength and I’m thankful you’re letting us be a part of it.
You both are dynamite! I know it is difficult and moods change and swing every which way and that's ok. The patient and the nurse /caregiver is going through the same so you are both in the same boat but with different paddles working together to get to your goals. You're a beautiful loving couple and I know you can and will get through this. It takes a team and a strong conviction but you can and will do it. Your amazing and such a beautiful heart Bec and Eamon is the same.......so devoted to each other. With that working for you and with each day going on you will feel so powerful that nothing can change the "real" that you are together. God bless you both, hang in there even in your weakest moments they will bring you strength.
Just wanted to drop by and let you know I've been thinking about you guys. Sending all the love, healing and positivity ❤️
Miss you guys!!!! Hope you are doing good Bec ❤️
Bec hair loss is absolutely the worst! It is so hard! I remember going though it and at first I joked about it (I'm so angry, I could just pull my hair out!) But it became serious fast. It Does come back! You're on my prayer list. Prayers and positive attitude are so helpful! You will come out the other side stronger and healthier!
Sending healing vibes from across the miles.  There is a huge crew of followers that are pulling for you. 🤗
What a cutie you are! Congratulations for being so strong! I hope this inspires other women who are going through this. Keep up the great job! You’ve got this!
Bec, you are a beautiful woman inside and out with a strong, caring man by your side. You’ll kick cancers ass and I solute your bravery 👊🏻 stay strong 💪🏻 xxx
Wtf you still pretty as f ❤️❤️❤️ you can do this
Sending healing prayers for you. I pray that GOD heals you and gives you the strength that you need to get through this difficult journey. Stay Strong xoxo.
New subscriber here (: and I think you should name your wig Bec in honour of your hair 😊 you're also extremely strong! My Nan had cancer (ovarian cancer and she didn't make it) but I do know how hard chemo is (obviously coming from an outside perspective). Keep being strong and hang in there 😊❤
Love to you both. I just wanted you to know you are in my prayers and I am sending love and fast healing light to you. Blessings and love, Dear Bec and Eamon ❤ from Wales, UK.
You look beautiful both with and without hair. Wishing you well.
I wish you well Bec as your fight of breast cancer goes on. Eamon I know how you feel mate watching someone you love so deeply go through the cancer battle. As I watched my nan who had breast cancer not once but twice go through it. My Pa had cancer as well. An to watch them battle for their lives. But you will have my prayers, love, support and encouragement as you both go through this difficult time in your lives.
You Look absolutely beautiful ❤️
You’ve got this guys!!!  Your positivity, energy, and strength will have you back stronger than ever.
You look amazingly beautiful. Your a very brave lady videoing your breast cancer story its totally incredibly positive and brave of you. I wish you all the luck in the world in the battle your going through and send you all our positive thoughts from Shropshire in England.
Bec you are beautiful. Being bald just makes you look hot. I’m sure you both are on this journey together and keep each other crazy and sane. Wishing you both and your families well, cheers from the Netherlands.
Sending Love your way, missing your story and the love you two have for each other, many are wishing you well including Trent and Allie ;-) and their followers.. hope to see you soon. You can do this.
Our lives are scattered like stars strewn across the  universe, unique with no two alike. There will never be another you. You are a temple unto yourself. Remarkable, extraordinary, special, and yes perhaps even unusual. Treat yourself accordingly and never diminish who you are by trying to be someone else. Your story belongs to you. A biography and documentation of your existence, with each new chapter part of the book of your noteworthy and exceptional life. You are God’s gift to those you have blessed with your presence…those who can call you friend. Whenever you feel you are less (and you will), look to the sky and see the vastness of the heavens and thank him for making only one creature unlike anyone else and honor him by living a good and virtuous life. We are the sum of our being, and we must never find disappointment in living our lives according to the principles and standards we have set for ourselves…. if you compromise those values, you will have failed to be creditable to the most important person of all…you. ~ George Wheeler
Hang in there. My wife's mother had breast cancer and beat it into her late 70's. So much improvement has happened in treatment and outcomes since her diagnosis I really believe although the process is stressful, painful and scary there is light at the end of the tunnel. And once you get past this your life will be so full of all the goodness you deserve. By the way your very sexy bald. You just might want to stay that way.
We love you both and are with you in this journey. Bec, I pray for you so much! You are in my heart! Eamon, you are quite a human being! I pray for both of you and your journey, which you are both showing tremendous unity, support, and love, is great witnessing of love and strength.  We worship an awesome God and He is carrying both of you very close to His Heart! Love you both! 🙇‍♀️❤🥰
I am watching this again. I wanted you to know how much I care. You are in my prayers. Stay strong, I know I speak for many. Wee really love the person you are. When your ready, I have secrets that make your hair grow crazy fast. You have a beautiful head so take your time!
Hi beautiful Bec..Sending u hugs..kisses..love and best wishes..stay strong and get well soon ❤🙏
You look amazing! Eamon is just the best. All my best to you on this journey!
I just came here from Trent and Allie's channel, and you look great with long hair, but you look AWESOME bald!!
Thanks for showing something so hard and vulnerable. I agree with Eamon, you can totally rock a shaved head. Not many people can look so GORGEOUS! We see YOU... your facial features, eyes, and smile. Your hair was the frame but now the masterpiece of you shines boldly!
Sending some ❤ and ✌
Healing prayers for you stay strong. Hugs from Southern California
No hair or any other adornment is needed for this women. Her beauty shines out to the world from her soul! Praying for you!
Yall are amazing and always embrace positive vibes in all your video's.  Thankyou for sharing your experiences and creating a welcoming outlook on life's adventures and challenges.  We'll wishes and am always look forward to seeing your new video's.  Thankyou Eamon and Bec.  whoops and Bear... Keep on keepin on
Bec, I just wanted to let you know that I'm sending positive energy and prayers your way. You are an amazing young woman. Your determination and grit (plus Eamon's) will get you through this. I love you two.
Much love to you both and all the family x
I feel a little embarrassed to subscribe at this point, but I found you through Trent and Allie and her cutting her hair to support you.  I hope you do’nt mind me joining you on this journey ?
You look beautiful in every way you have your hair, all the love to the two of you, you are a beautiful and amazing couple
You have a cute shaped head, you are still beautiful for real!
Bec you are absolutely beautiful. I cried through this video. I laughed through this video. I adore you Eamon so much for being the partner you are for Bec. I went through this journey, it is two year this month. I am living this with you. You are so strong, so loved and so absolutely gorgeous 💖💖💖
Bec you are brave, strong and very beautiful.  Eamon is amazingly supportive. Thank-you for sharing your very personal journey.
Hair or no hair, your beautiful inside and out.
Miss you guys. Seems like we haven't seen you in much longer than a couple of weeks! I hope you're ready come back and see us soon!
Sending love and positive thoughts for your journey
I wish you luck so much Bec , and also beg you to look into true healing of cancer with food and herbs and if you can , really try to look up Dr. Morse in Florida , The Gerson clinic in Mexico and the Oasis of Hope hospital , also in Mexico . They all cure cancer everyday with fruit and herbs . People with stage four cancer go home in a few weeks healed ,  For several decades now.
It’s been awhile.  Just wanted to drop a line to say we’re all thinking of you.  Praying for you and wishing you the best.  You have a lot of love coming to you both.  Godspeed.
She does look beautiful 😍I didn’t know what you were going through until Allie mentioned it. I used to be subscribed, but found that I was no longer, then resubscribed. Bec, you really do look fantastic and I appreciate your videos so very much, thank you 🙏
Im 41 and have been putting off my 1st mammogram just because I was scared. Because of you I finally got it done. They found a mass but still going thru testing. Thank you for sharing with us!
Don't cry because you are going to make me cry
I am so sorry for what u r going through...my prayers r going out to u everyday...but scrap the vanity about the hair...it will grow back...vanity is not going to help save ur life...do what u have to and ask then LORD to walk with u and this journey!!!he will do it!!!...dont lose faith💜💜💜
I hope to hear from you both soon! I’m legit worried when you guys don’t post now. You’re in my thoughts and prayers every day Bec and Eamon. You’re both so strong and I’m sure have a wonderful support system to get through this! All your followers (like me) are rooting for you too! ♥️💕 Fuck cancer! 🖕🏻
Im so worried about u guys. Ive been looking every Sunday but nothing.  Im praying for u im just so very worried.
Sending you love and support
My sister has cancer. Her hair, eyelashes, eyebrows is at growing back stage.  I suggested she try the magnetic eyelashes as it was not the bald part that was such a big visual deal but around the eyes part. You can stencil on eye brows with so many cool kits but glueing on lashes..... Ugh. However the magnetic eyelashes seemed to help better!
oH SWEET GIRL, I can't wait until this is just a vague memory for you. You are much stronger than you know.
Hi Eimon and Becs really love your videos and I'm so proud of you Becs on how you are taking to having short hair and i love you guys for being who you are. My brother has been diagnosed with bowel cancer last August and he makes us laugh every day. Love you guys. I'm from a place called Rushden England xxxxxx
Your strength & journey moves me. You're in my heartfelt prayers 🙏
YOU look amazing bald!  You have the eyes, cheek bones eyebrows . .  I don't know....? Super short sassy pixie cut when it all grows back?  👍  You look very Audrey Hepburn! Go ask your folks 😉
I missed you guys last Sunday.... praying everything is ok. re watching your videos now :)
Please start having ashgourd juice daily ... Trust me it has so much prana, it will sure kill all the cancer cells n reverse the whole process. Right now it is the best way, please try it n just see the results
Following because Tent and Allie share the trial you are going through. Praying for you both.
❤️ I’m so sorry that you’re going through this. I appreciate so much how open you are Bec. You both have an incredible love.  God bless you, love 💕 and prayers
I have been through the cancer journey and it took a year to finish. I too lost my hair. It started to fall out so I shaved my head and wore a baseball cap. It was a tough road but in the end it all worked out for me. I'll say a prayer for you. If you need someone to talk to....I'm here. Stay strong ......
You two should be very proud of yourselves, you are both so brave to share your story with us all, that can’t be easy and by sharing maybe someone in the same position will get help and comfort from it.. I bless you both and wish you health and healing ❤️‍🩹
I wanted to ask if anyone has tried breast milk thru there cancer journey or the cell regeneration thing?
You are really an encouragement to those going through the cancer stages.  And showing ways to put on makeup and style wigs etc would be awesome and it would show you how much of a light you are in this dark world!  God bless you Bec and Eamon!
Praying for you!!!
Wow you look so good with a shaved head! I’ve always thought women looked stronger with a shaved head til I’ve thought about shaving mine.  You really look hot Bec! 🔥
Hey Guys! 🙋🏻   I learned about your cancer journey from Trent & Allie.  I’ve followed them for a couple years.  As a breast cancer survivor myself I just wanted to reach out & touch base with you.  You two have been rocking it!  Each step of the way you’ve shown such courage & smarts - being real & sharing so openly - then steadying yourselves, evaluating & making such good choices.  That’s exactly how to get through this.  I’m really proud of you!  I love how you reframe it all & turn the ugly “C” on it’s head.  You know the old saying: The joy is in the journey.  I truly know this isn’t ‘joy’ as it is commonly thought of - but! - there is a special joy to be known in this very particular journey.  From ‘liquid sunshine’ to bobbing hair to being wig twins & growing deeper in your love …. You Are Rocking It!!  You are discovering every day, one step at a time, that “It’s going to be ok.”  I’m in your corner, a new subscriber & carrying you gently in my heart on the journey.  Blessings,  🌸💜🐾✨
Bec still looks so pretty even with no hair n I'm being 100% honest cause not to many people can pull that off n I don't know if I could just because my face would be way to fat. Bec n Eamon will be in my prayers much love to all u dealing with anything n it seems like it's hard. We will all make it thru the tough times n don't hang on to any of the past or u won't have room for all the blessings to come.
Bec I am so sorry for what you're going through with my niece has breast cancer too her hair is finally growing out she's in remission so she is doing great and I know that you will Bac trust in God he will bring you through through everything I am praying for you sweetie that you get a complete healing I know that God can do miracles he always has love you for being so strong and by the way I love your hair the way you got it no hair or if you had hair you're beautiful like you're better half said  you look amazing no matter what you put on or how you do it you are amazing woman love you take care cannot wait to see you in your next video love you girl and I'll be praying for you
Eamon is being very supportive n he does deserve credit but I have to give credit to Bec for how amazing she has been n willing to share her journey. There is a reason the doctors will tell u not to Google or anything like that n it's because the more stress ur under the lower ur immune system gets n being what Bec is going thru remember the reason is been scientifically found that ur brain will go into survival mode as long as u stay out the way with negative beliefs.
Sending you love and prayers.🙏❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️
Hair isn’t what makes us beautiful.  You are beautiful were it counts. The inside 🌹🌹🌹But the outside too of course lol
Hope your doing well on your healing journey Bec. Sending all good vibes, healing vibes and prayers. Hugs and love too!
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out. You two are amazing and perfect soulmates.  Praying for y'all with all my heart. Godspeed through this very difficult journey. Telling your story is a blessing to so many people. May God's blessings also rain down on you.   Hope you're having a wonderful day today and with each new day you continue to find more strength, comfort and peace.🌞 Much love, 💓💓🐾💓🙏
Eamon you are the best partner for Bec.  🙏🏼
I would suggest having bec name what kind of personality she feels wearing the wig
Bec you got this you are strong! Ramon keep holding her up you are doing great!
Bec, you rock being bald! You look sexy, strong, fierce, beautiful and confident! You pull it off so well. You already know this, but reminder; You're femininity and beauty is not tied to your hair. It's all within and you embody that so beautifully. Even on the days where you don't feel it, we see it so clearly.
Love you guys sooooooooooooo much ❤
Losing your hair is definitely traumatic! I survived losing mine over 20 years ago. I've never had long hair like yours, maybe shoulder length or long enough to reach the band on my bra if I tipped my head way back. I've never really felt like I was much of a girly girl. I've also never had cancer, praise God. But when they removed the bandages after a hospital haircut I came close to coming unglued. Scheduled craniotomy that the doctor said was not an emergency. After a bump on the head several days before getting checked. Getting some of the blood and betadine cleaned up made me feel a little better. I wore and wore the cute little hat my husband brought me. When I got home I handed my daughter the clippers and said finish the job! With it uniform I wore hats and scarves and got comments from customers all summer saying I wish I'd done like you. They had done wigs and apparently tried comb overs and did their best to disguise hospital haircuts, but not clipped the rest off. They showed me their scars from aneurysms and whatever else had caused the hospital haircut. I felt loved as they shared and I think they felt heard like most of their friends had been unable to hear them. You look great bald and hair starting to come back in says it should be a temporary condition. I love your spirit. How you look does not define who you are! Hubby and I agree that it is what is inside you that counts! God bless you.
Bec, you are so incredibly strong and inspiring. Your outlooks and thoughts are so beautiful and they show the beautiful soul that you are. You radiate love and light and it's so inspiring. Thank you for taking us on this journey with you all. You two are so incredibly strong and are such a power couple. You all are in my prayers❤ God bless💞
You guys are awesome! You make a great team keep staying positive it will kept this journey that much easier. Feel all the feelings but keep finding beauty here and there! Bec you are beautiful inside out hair no hair your just a beauty!
Your facial structure is model worthy. Hair loss thru chemotherapy often grows back with healthier hair than before. Something about growing hair from the root with no damage on the lower shaft.. The wig is perfect. Trent and Allie's latest video is a great testament to how, as a couple, you two remain  so strong together.
Trent and Allie have asked we support  you on this journey you are entering, God bless you during this trying time in your life.  Hold tight to God and each other.
Praying for you Bec
My heart and prayers go out to you and Eamon❤️🙏❤️🙏!
I just Subscribed, and cried with you 😭What a way to meet !! I'm lucky to go through this journey with you 🙏🏻 You definitely Rock without Hair 💯
A thought. I had Covid in November of 2020. I was Extremely I’ll. I was flat out for 6 weeks. 3 months later my hair started falling out. Long haulers side effects.  80 percent of my hair fell out. I started using vegamour. Gummies and scalp treatment. I have 10 times the hair I had since childhood. Pre puberty. My roots were all white due to trauma at 39.  Now I have more of my natural dark brunette than silver and my hair is naturally curly! Maybe it can help you. God bless you. Praying for you.
Sending you both love, hugs, and positive vibes at this time! ❤❤❤
Because, you look like Natalie Wood in the movie "Inside Daisey Clover". Her strength portrayed in this movie (Robert Redford, co-star I think) shows her triumph against all odds in the end.
You  are  inmy pray  Love you both I hope you're doing OK
As a cancer patient myself, all I can say is all of the best.....just remember this, there i always hope
Hang in you guys- I know there are rough weeks.
I love you have amazing support and remember with God we are never alone in any training
Love you guys, I say a prayer for your full and speedy recovery each time I think of you, God bless you and your family ❤️
Still pulling for you !
Cannot thank you enough for your transparency 💗
Just stay positive in your journey !
Miss your videos hope life hasnt been too hard.   I pray everything is going ok.
Wow, I’m new to your channel and am so inspired by your spirit! Sending ❤️ and joyful thoughts your way.
I love the planter. It's adorable. Eamon, you are an amazing partner. When he shaved your head, you look like Sinead O'Connor
Been praying for you hope everything is going well sending love hugs and prayers
I know you filmed this weeks back, but I am just now seeing it.  When you said shaving hair was in...I was thinking about all the women in Ukraine that I have been seeing on TV and how many have very close shaved hair.  I've been thinking how beautiful the women are.  You truly look beautiful because you have such good bone structure in your face.  You do look great!  I hope you embrace going bald as a choice of the day!
cry it all out! tears are cleansing
Was thinking of both of you today Eamon and Bec and as a CA survivour I just wanted to reach out as a few weeks have passed and you maybe feeling strained right now, that you are truly loved and supported. Look after each other, take long sleeps when needed, tell ach other you love each other and be kind to yourselves. This is a tough time, it take strength and I am sending you a extra special barrel of love from South Africa. Lilly
You are such a beautiful strong woman many prayers 🙏❤️
Thinking of y'all... Prayers and blessings 🙏❤️
The wig looks good but it is 100% not your hair that makes you so beautiful!!!!
Prayers going up🙏🙏❤✌YT hasn't been alerting with the bell lately😡it's turned on and everything found out from Trent and Allie shout out on their last post today 3-21 😳 had to go to my sup list to get caught up with you guy's nothing but prayers 💘and healing wishes from here went thru thyroid cancer with my daughter so i can relate to your situation a bit stay positve stay strong you've got tremendous support from all over you both are loved till the next one 🙏👍✌
Stay strong Aiman. So impressed bud. You are awesome and very happy for Beck that she has you. I wish I had a woman that loved me and took care of me like you are Beck. Y’all are in my prayers.
Keep the faith - we are all rooting for you guys.
Ok Bec the first thing I have to tell you if you still don’t believe it, YOU ARE A GORGEOUS WOMAN!!  Whether you have a full head of hair or hairless.   When I found you guys on YouTube what I was so interested with other than your troubles was Aemon and all his craziness and then what a beautiful person you were.  I’m not talking the physical you I’m talking about what is inside you.  Your zest for life and happiness is infectious, your heart is the sole to you and it just amazes me.   So it doesn’t matter what is on your head but instead what is in your heart.  Now you just have a hard road ahead and with determination and the support of everyone around you, you will get they this! I went thru ovarian cancer at 42 and newly married and am 72 now and I was determined to get thru it all.  Be strong, keep a positive attitude and have fun as often as you can.  For us it’s also sad because we don’t get enough updates as I would like but I understand, I guess we are all suffering along with you. Take good care and please tell Aemon I’m so so proud of him.  He’s doing a great job and I know he hurts for you too.  Love to you both!
I haven’t even watched this yet, but you need to know how many people love you, because you shine from within! You radiate beauty! You are strong and courageous and impress me so much, how strong you are. You got this girl! Faith! Positivity! Love! 🙏🏻
Hi Bec and Eamon so proud of you Guy's I'm  sending love support  and strength to you both 🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I just found you today when I watched Allie show us her haircut. In honor of you, she has donated many inches of her locks. And I LOVE her hair this length. I also love your Bob. Actually adorable! We ladies get so attached to our hair, don't we? I truly admire your strength. And you look really cute without hair. What a finely shaped head you have. Honest. We're not just saying that. Take care.  Much 💘!
I'm a new subscriber thanks to Trent and Allie.  I am so impressed by both of you!!  The love you have for each other is so heartwarming. Bec, you look like a model!! Your beautiful inside and out. I will be praying for you both daily.  Much love and will be a faithful subscriber from now on.
It's been a couple of weeks since this video...I have been wondering how you are doing ♥  You are both in my thoughts & prayers
My sister had her hair coming out...chemo. I was out of the state at the time. My sister never related her state of health. Her #2 son brought his family down on vacation & his wife cut & shaved her head. She wasn't very happy with the wigs though. Courage & prayers for both of you.❤
I’m new here. I came from TRENT AND ALLIE’S channel. Such a roller coaster of emotions.  The arial views look like you guys are neighbors. Not sure if that’s the case but the photography is beautiful. Wishing you all the very best on your journey and this day!
Been thinking of you Both ❤ . Watched Your friends  Trent and Allie., what  sweet friends. ... .thinking of you Bec.
Eamon n Bec I send my love and prayers!!!
I posted when you first put this video out, but just wanted you to know I am still thinking of you going through this struggle and sending you healing energy on every level of our being.  Hang in there, both of you.
Wish you well and cancer free with a quick recovery...
Prayers for you I hope the journey you're on turns out good God bless
I am bald and you definitely look better than me dear. You are beautiful. I am jealous. Lol. I didn’t choose to be bald either. Just lucky genes I guess. We can only make the best of it and accept it. You guys are in my prayers.
You two rock!  Bec, you are so beautiful!  I absolutely love the bald look.  You realize don’t you that you’ve started a new trend?  Love it!
I just want to say you are beautiful inside,and outside.  I pray for your total recovery and cancer free diagnosis.  I’m a brain tumor survivor, and you can, and will survive this.  Praying for you both, supportive people around you helps tremendously.  🙏❤️
I am soooooooooooooooo sorry bec you are so strong 💪🏽
💕
Dear Beck, just sending love and prayers. I've missed your vids since the start of covid and was shock when Trent and Allie mention on their vid what has been going on. You don't know me but I'm so proud of how you both have and are dealing with the very difficult time, but know sharing what your both going through will be an inspiration to others going through the something. Stay strong you are beautiful with or without hair. Love and hugs from a complete stranger xxxxx
My heart breaks for you Bec, & Eamon, you are both so strong I know you can overcome this terrible time, and look forward to a time when cancer is in your past.
Bec you are beautiful inside and out..stay strong remember you can do this...❤Denise
Hey Eamon & Bec, just wanted to say hey and let you know I am thinking of you and praying too.  You both are such a cute couple.  With your combined strength, wild personalities, 🤪 well, kinda, and positive outlook on life, you will succeed!   One step at a time. Just think, you've already mastered a number of days in treatment so they are behind you. 😉 Yes, you may still have treatment ahead, but my friend, one step at a time....you CAN and WILL get through it!  Hoping you find something today to laugh your _ss off!  Stay strong, take time for yourselves and know your viewers love you both. 😍 Sending warm, fuzzy 🤗 🤗 and 💕.   CarrieJo/PA 🇺🇸
You look beautiful with no hair . Keep up the fight . Love you both.thanks for the videos.
he is super funny made me laugh through this episode
sending love wishes and prayers to Eamon and Bec going through this together of this cancer i am currently going through cancer myself went through the treatment not chemo my treatment was 2 months of it in 2020 and the points is dropping i had cancer before i successfully beat it i will with this one currently we will get through this
Just want to continue to show you guys love and say a huge thank you for continuing to vlog through this super challenging time in your lives. I know that there are many people who will be benefitting from you sharing this experience. Sending love, positive vibes, prayers and gratitude to you. Stay strong xx
you look soooooo good Bec, really. You are that kind of person who can rock any hairstyle, literally!!
Just checking in to see how you're doing.  Thinking of you everyday.  You are strong enough to win this fight. Jamie
Just thought I’d send some love from Scotland and hope that you’re both all bubble wrapped with love ❤️ x
You are such an inspiration and yes you are beautiful. You both are amazing and God bless you both!
I keep coming to your channel to see if you have updated. I am so sorry you are going through this, and I am sending all the good healing vibes. 🙏
You're still beautiful see 🤩💛
Thinking of you guys and hoping all is well! Big hugs!
You both are so amazing. TY for sharing this journey. Sending much love and prayers. ❤❤🙏🙏🙏
Praying for you both!!!
Hope you are doing ok! Praying for you and sending lots of positive vibes your way ❤🙏
You two are so fabulous together. Eamon is a terrific partner. You both take great care of each other. You rock bald Bec. Eamon rocks the wigs🤣🤣🤣
When my sister lost her hair the rest of her sisters, we all buzzed are head's in support, and I have to say hair doesn't make women beautiful . It's unfortunate that the version of beauty for  women is flowing long hair, makeup, fill in the blank. You are beautiful with or without hair. ❤️
Thinking of you guys..  🖐❤️
Get well soon, you are so brave ✌🏻😍, may god heal you from cancer and gives you a happy healthy long life, be optimistic you will be better “inshallah” soon
Hope you're both travelling well, sending you both hugs and kisses from Australia, keep looking after yourselves and know that a lot of people are sending you good thoughts.
Thinking of you both tonight and praying for God to heal you.
i love you guys and i love brave she  and  how Eamon is an   amazing partner.
Amazing!  Love to you!!!
you're beautiful with long hair, short hair, no hair1  beautiful inside and out!
CONGRATULATIONS on the 1 million subs
My god what courage you have Bec, I just don't even know what to say. I love you guys, I can't believe what you are going through. Thank you for sharing this with us.
Bec, it’s hard to lose hair but at the end it looks awesome! ( I agree with Eamon, it looks sick )
We have not had to fight cancer but my wife has 2 autoimmune disorders including Alopecia. And she's lost all the hair on her head twice in her life. It's a real emotional journey. We feel for you as you travel this heartbreaking journey.
Hi, you are going  so much my dear. My prayers are with you.🙏💗  I just had surgery to remove cancer from my lung in 2/14/22.
My 5 year old son  and I have been watching your videos for a while now, and my son has been very concerned for Bec and all she’s going through. He’s even added you into his prayers. Thank you for being such an inspiration. We hope to see you guys soon. Love from Utah.❤️
Was looking at some clips from Red Panda and the girls (i believe it was girls) had shirt on that said "TEAM LEE" and it made me think of you.  I hope you are doing as well as possible.
I fell so bad for you I tried doing a pixse cut and I no it's not the say but I no vat har is valuable my pears go awt to you
I know it's not possible to read even half of your messages. So let me add to the taking up of space.  I'm keeping you both in my prayers. ♥️
Hair loss is from the medicine
Bec, You fuckin ROCK babe💕💕💕💕💕💕💕  Eamon and his kindness, love and support for bec is amazing 💙
I’m not crying, you’re crying. You look so beautiful Bec and Eamon is such amazing support system for you. 😀🧡👉🏼🇨🇦
Just checking in and hoping that all is well. <3
Miss you guys. ❤️
I think of you Bec everyday and wonder how you are doing. I went through this journey myself about 20yrs ago in many ways I'm a better and smarter person from this experience but in many ways I have so many fears too. I have been told I shouldn't fear death but I really do have so much fear. I have three sons and don't want to leave them forever. Anyway, like I said I think and say a little prayer for you everyday. I have been with you two for along time. I want to continue being with you also. Please try to stay positive in this journey. I find myself going towards the negative instead of the positive and Bec you have truly helped me with that too so thank you Bec, thank you for everything. For sharing your life too. This is going to help so many women and men to get through these times they have to look forward to.So,so happy you have Eamon. What a great man !!! Not alot of men share everything with there wife's. Eamon is a great guy !!  You two totally complement each other for sure. I'll keep up my thoughts if this and keep praying for you too. Please please don't stop the videos. They are so much help and Also I get to see my friends that I have never met. Yay!!! Oh and keep the dog ...oso is great and also great for you too.✌️💟☯️⚛️☮️🕉️☪️
the way you love each other is inspiring   and you look amazing Bec
You guys are so cute and wonderful to each other. I love you guys and bless you for your journey you are going through. You are beautiful Bec😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🙂😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🙂🙂🙂
Bec i only want to send all my love for you... I follow you and Eamon since more than 2 years and i think i never commented before but i want you to know that you are loved and you are beatifull no matter what. You are a strong women and you have Eamon with you, you both are amazing! Regards from Portugal, Marlene
we all hate cancer
Thinking about you Bec and Eamon.  I hope your feeling better and feeling stronger by the day. Sending you healing energy many blessings. Best Wishes for a full recovery. 🙏🏼❤️💐
💕💕💕
This video made me cry with her
Hi
Thinking of you everyday.
I have been thinking of you two, Rebecca and Eamon. 💖 Sending lots of love and healthy light to you both. Miss you.
Hope you both are doing ok . Your in our prayers both of you . 💜💙 keep fighting.
Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers, and sending healing vibes.
Miss you guys...happy healing!!!! Bec your body loves you more than you could know 🌟🌟🌞🌞
You are so beautiful inside and out Bec! Keep on pushing xx
Hang in there.  One step at a time, you got this.  💜💜💜
Sending u all my love 😍
Yeah it looks really good actually on you
Thinking of you two this Sunday. Praying for strength and healing. ❤️
Hope you doing OK. You are amazing  xx
You are so brave. Keep belief.
The shape of your head is amazing.  You dont need hair to be beautiful.  Eamon is one lucky man.  Be strong.  Love from NORWAY
Bec your so dam cute!
You are beautiful
Really hope y’all are doing ok!!!  Sending positive vibes and prayers always!!
Love you so much
Hope my favs are doing okay❤🥰
Hello Bec..Much love to u and best wishes...Virtual hugs to u both ❤ ❤ Love from London
Hope you are both coping ok. Loads of prayers from Ireland 🇮🇪
BEC!!!!!! Please please please read Life Force by Tony Robbins!!! There is some amazing things in there! YOU NEED IT, I PROMISE I AM NOT  PUSHING SOMETHING. I would never recommend something unless it was something I truly believe in. It's on Audible too.
BEC!!!!!! Please please please read Life Force by Tony Robbins!!! There is some amazing things in there! YOU NEED IT, I PROMISE I AM NOT  PUSHING SOMETHING. I would never recommend something unless it was something I truly believe in. It's on Audible too.
All good? Is there going to be another video today? Hopefully  Bec  is doing good.
Are you doing ok?; I hope all is going well. Keep up the faith.
Im so happy that you are embracing it. YOU GO GIRL!!!
"That looks sick" may not be the best thing to hype her up at this moment. lol
Came looking for the Eamon and Bec but now 2 weeks. Praying for Bec's healing and comfort/peace of all involved. Wishing you 💕 and hope. Lord please make your Loving presence known to them and that they see your miracles and you are walking with them!
This was very emotional to watch.  I'm 3 years to the month of my last chemo. My chemo cocktail was also Doxorubicin aka Red Devil. Then, 4 dense doses of Taxol. I'm wondering if you are Triple Negative like me? You described losing your hair perfectly. I could never get anyone to understand how tough that really was to me. It was harder than losing my breasts.  I know it sounds strange. But the way my hair grew back with perfect curls was the best gift ever. And if you haven't decided yet on a plastic surgeon... mine did a great job.  Dr. Constantine in Dallas Texas. I can send pics of you are interested.  Anyway Just sending lots of positive vibes your way. You both are the sweetest couple.  Kinda wish we were friends in real life.  😕
Missing you guys this Sunday and keeping you in my prayers
Dear Eamon & Bec, I wish you both health , wealth and happiness on your life's journey.  You have certainly added happiness to my wife and I.  Now we're trying the health part.  Last week my wife made the banana muffins from your cookbook.  Delicious!  Stay positive and enjoy life with each other. Much Love
You are such a brave warrior! Sending prayers and healing energy your way!
Hi Bec and Eamon. Eamon I must pay you my compliments for your attention that you dedicate to that marvel of Bec. And you Bec, you are a force, you are beautiful without the hair, you are truly stunning. DO NOT get down on yourself as we send you tons of positive energy and super high vibrations for both of us. A hug and a kiss to both of you from Italy.
Love you guys. 💛💛💛
Her wigs name is Veronica
CHAD AND DELIA CHATWIN has gone through this breast cancer journey
Bec, I miss y'all! I know it's a hard time for y'all, just know you have been on my mind everyday, and I have been praying for you! I hope you see this and know you are well love from all over the world. Blessings to you both ❤️
In a short time you can say you are a breast cancer survivor and put it all in the past. You look beautiful with short hair or no hair or long hair or blue hair. Makes absolutely no difference, your soul shines through in that smile, don't ever stop.   Quick shout out to Eamon for being awesome!
Bec i can't emote to you how incredibly strong you are as you go though treatment. Please don't give up, even though the Cemo takes all your strength, keep fighting and we'll keep sending you good vibes and prayers. I lost my sister to Cancer, however my BFF She lost her uterus but survived just like my mother did and you're going to do.  It's not easy to stay positive however you have Eamon as an anchor (no pun intended). Trust all your strengths, it's not easy to be positive but don't forget all the good things in life no matter how tiny they are like sunshine, and a nice cup of tea. You have a load more sailing and Living to do. I'm not going anywhere so rely on us to help you also. Be our hero and survivor.
youre doing awesome and look STUNNING!!
I cannot fathom how you feel, going through ALL of this. I can, however, completely understand your hair, feeling like your identity. I feel the same way about mine. I work in Healthcare, and see folks go through so much. It truly is amazing that you have, the much needed support around you. My heart goes out to you, and the folks around you. Plus, you look fantastic, with a shaved head!! 😍
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out and oh so strong ❤️❤️❤️ Lots of love and support for you both
Bald,. Healthy,.  Poised, goes to the hair,. Cut it,   and.  You know,. Strong people,.     Bald, and stonger  Hope you recover 🇩🇰🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Wow both of you are such incredible souls I just want to say you both are so strong and powerful with your messages. I love that you showed us the bad parts too because it’s not all roses and sunshine but look how your smile and confidence came out it’s amazing!!
Sending you both so much love ♥️
You are beautiful… I really like the bald head… I’m not just saying that ❤️❤️
Hey Bec, I've noticed you and Eamon haven't posted an update recently, so I wanted to send some love your way and hope that you're as well as you can be xx
❤Your channel is literally my comfort place. You make me so happy. Love you❤❤
Hi. It’s been a few weeks since you put a video out.  I’m just a lady in Utah who watches your videos but I’ve been thinking about both of you.  Take care of each other and know you are both loved by so many of us.
Sending prayers and strength your way. You guys inspired us 2 years ago to live the #vanlife. We built our van and have now been travelling 7 months. We have followed your journey for a long time. Bec you are an amazing strong woman. Keep strong and safe xxx
I’ve just subscribed and I have to say I love your videos and your strong way to take on whatever comes your way ,thank you so much and you have such a great partner and I love Oso ,best of luck and God bless you both and I know you will b ok in no time ,I believe and declare that you will b heal in no time by the power of the almighty God ,Amen ,love from San Diego California ,you’re amazing and beautiful.
i just wanted to say that bec,you are so lucky to have such an amazing partner by ur side.eamon is so sweet and ily both sm!And also,BEC YOU LOOK ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!YOURE THE MOST GORGEOUS WOMEN I HAVE EVER SEEN AND U LOOK FABULOUS WHETHER U HAVE HAIR OR NOT!💕💕💕💕
im sorry we are praying for ya
Baby you look so Pretty! Dont beat yourself up!
but becc ur soo pretty be confident thats key!!!
ashley- lainy- jecika- liela!!!!
Sending you hugs!
You are both so strong.
Dude you look really pretty 🤩
Much respect. You are a strong woman whether you know it or not. The trials you 2 have gone through this last year I commend both of you. You both are in my prayers. Love you 2!
Massive love to both of you, your strength both individually and as a couple is inspirational x
You are so strong and so brave! I have so much respect for you and for being courageous enough to share your journey with us. You never know who you are helping. You look as gorgeous on the outside as you are on the inside. You are truly beautiful!
Please listen to the song 'I didn't fall in love with your hair' by Brett Kissel if you haven't already! Bec, when you were in the bath and Eamonn said you don't need hair for love-  that's what this song it about. Thank you for sharing your good times and hard times with us!!
Bec thank you for sharing such personal experiences I am sure they will help take the fear out of it for someone else who has to go through the same thing someday. Hope you all are doing ok.
Yes.  I had a double mastectomy and afterwards I realized that I didn't miss my amazing tatas as much as I missed my long, curly hair.  It's growing back.
You are Beautiful!!!!!!
You’re fabulous you’re amazing and weak at time it’s totally ok
Bec you are beautiful, real, amazing and so much more. I love you guys, your journey, your love for all. I think you are a wonderful ray of light and sunshine. Hugs 🤗
Love to you both from Bermuda.  You’re on a difficult journey but so well equipped to manage the decisions for each step!  Bec, you are gorgeous inside and out and the shaved, sassy suits you!  Eamon, your love for Bec is so beautiful. Sending you both healing thoughts and prayers!  Just keep doing what you do best, loving each other and sharing with us. We got this! (Credit to Thiffanythinks for the slogan)
Hair does not define the woman or the person! You are a very sexy woman amd you don’t even know it! We are all praying for you !
As Joe and I have been watching you for a couple years now, I felt it's time to reach out and share with you our imense gratitude.  Much, much gratitude.  Because you inspired us back two years ago with your baja trips with Trinity, we are now 1.5 years into our van build (we work full time ;) ).  Your passion for living in LOVE, as in doing what you love, loving each other and loving life, you have inspired soooooooooo many!!  You are teaching to live true and do what you love, chase and live your dreams, be courageous, brave and free.  We are in our early 60's, and there's no reason why we can't feel like we are your age.  There's no reason why we can't convert our own sprinter van ourselves, well, I'm lucky because Joe has a few house remodels under his belt, so I KNEW we could do this together.  But we wouldn't have even thought about it, if we hadn't started watching you two.  Bec and Eamon, THANK YOU for sharing, and inspiring, and teaching how to be healthy and happy!  Today, as I think about my family and normal daily things, YOU Bec, and Eamon, are in my daily thoughts, as well as my prayers.  That is something quite rare, to be someone who touches others to the degree that they think about you every week, if not almost every day.  We send lots of LOVE to the both of you.  Eamon, YOU ROCK!  You are a rare find.  Bec, YOU ARE AMAZING TOO.  Just know, that you sharing and showing us all how you live, is inspiring and is a huge GIFT!  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.  GIRL POWER!!  You can DO THIS!!!  And for any other followers who read this,The more of us who think and feel in our hearts and bones, Bec healing rapidly and the cancer disintegrating, the quicker we can help Bec get through this. Peace, love and JOY always.
You are lucky you have a man like Eamon who wants to take care of you and i  applaude you both on these fine videos I have been watching the both of you for last 2 yrs.
I’ve missed you guys these past two weeks. I hope you are doing okay, but I’m sure it is really, really hard. I am praying 🙏🏻 for you 💕
We love you Bec! You got this!!!!! Praying for you beautiful!❤️
Love you both...I used to see you and your hair..now I see your eyes...your soul...love you even more
Thinking of you guys today. Hang in there , it will get better. 💕
I’m so proud of you bec. I know it had to be so hard losing your hair. Keep fighting the good fight. It will be over before you know it. Eamon. What a role model. You are such a great supporter. Praying for better days for you two. Love you guys.
your doing great
Bec, your still beautifull youll always be. be strong. i know you can do this !<3
as a cancer survivor, I relate to you and especially as a woman. I was a young girl when I lost all my hair and I wish that I had the strength like you to shave it off! I just let it fall out in pieces because I just was so attached. Prayers for strength and for you to power through all of this. I know how hard it is to be diagnosed and imagine what your life is going to be like after. This video randomly came on my timeline and I'm so thankful that I found it.
you are still beautiful!!
Bec are gorgeous girl
I avoided the video BC I am so sad for her going through cancer, and now I saw it and I cried the whole time :( I really wish the best to her and home she gets over this madness soon and as light as possible ❤️ all the wishes for her
Thinking of you both  x
This is the least important thing but totally worth sharing that Bec is GORGEOUS bald! Thank you both for sharing alllll the emotions from this journey. You both are amazing and such an inspiration! ♥️
We are all so proud of you Beck! I love how amazing and supportive Eamon is, you guys are truly soulmates. Amazing people. You got this!
You are so brave to cut your hair and shave it.  When I went through chemo for ovarian cancer, I could not bring myself to cut it like everyone told me to.  I had very long, thick hair.  I did use a wig, but could never bring myself to cut my real hair or shave my head.   I did use the cold caps for my first few cycles of chemo and it helped slow things down, but did not keep my hair from falling out. Once I was done with chemo it did grow back just as long and thick as it was before chemo. Hugs and healing thoughts to you ❤️
Sat here watching this my eyes keep leaking,  you two are purely amazing 🙏🙏
What a lovely couple. Bec, you look stunning. Eamon, what a man! Respect and love xx
Take flaxseed oil which has an acid that can help to contain breast cancer.
Girl you absolutely rock the shave. 💜
Bec is moving thru this battle like a "Lieutenant in Charge"  the only thing different is instead of wearing a medal she  wears a smile.  Looking forward to seeing General Eamon wearing his  "Medal of Honor," for his undying devotion and love and most of all loyalty to his love of his life.  Roars awaits as these two triumph. Charge on.
You are so beautiful inside and out.  You are strength.
You are a strong and wonderful woman! You're beautiful! 🥰
Bec and Eamon you are so strong.  You both are the greatest couple.  I’ve watched you two traveling and find your special place by the lake.  And  going thru this illness now.   Your in my prayers.  Your going to have this all behind you real soon.  And enjoy your wonderful life together.  God bless you in faith, hope, and lots of strength to continue this journey.  Praying for healing and take away the sickness that comes with the treatment.  You are so beautiful Bec.  I pray for a speedy recovery for you.  Take care you two. Sending lots of hugs and love from Oklahoma USA, Jan
You guys are amazing. Bec you are so strong, I hope I can have half the strength whenever I'm faced with adversity. Eamon you are such a supportive partner. perfect team. amazing. sending love, light and strength.
You are an amazing strong woman. I sy that because I'm going through the same thing. I just finished my six months of chemo two treatments twice a month. January 18th of this year 2022 I finish. A month after I had my breast remove and now I'm waiting on radiation treatments. Lost my hair after first treatment so you did really good. Didn't think I could get through this but I had to do it for myself and family so I did it and very proud of myself. Only three weeks since the surgery but I'm doing well. But you are very beautiful with a bald head. So good luck and stay strong. We got this
So beautiful inside and out  ❤ Sending lots of love.
Wishing you the best of health beautiful 💕 You will be just fine sunshine ☀️
You two are beautiful people ❤  you're so lucky to have eachother
You are beautiful and strong and brave! Thank you so much for being so open and honest about your journey! ❤❤❤
Love you guys 💕💕
You look good bold/ short hair…no wig in my opinion
You are both so beautiful.
You are the best looking woman without hair and your Eamon is so wonderful. You are going to be fine…. My mom went through it all in her 70s and happy to say she is 90 now.
You are amazing… thank you for letting us join you on your journey. Sending you ❤️
I don’t know if you will see this. I can’t emphasize with losing your hair, but I watched my mom go through this when I was in my teens. You both embody strength and determination to defeat cancer. She and you are both so strong. Praying for you. 💕 Thank you for sharing your experience so that it can be a help and comfort for others.
❤️❤️❤️
Sending you two so much love ♥️♥️♥️♥️❤️
My sister is a survivor of triple negative breast cancer.  She is so strong and so are you. She had a hard time with her hair too! You look beautiful. You got this!
Real shit tho, you look so good!!!🥰🥰🥰🥰 I've always appreciated your natural beauty and even with no hair you're stunning😍😍
I just wanna say that I truly believe that you rocked the bob and I look forward to you having one again just to really see how much fun and easy it is to wash and style it! Also you have one of those faces that can pull of a shaved head! You look  beautiful and this is the time to rock some fun earrings like the crazy shapes and colors!
I’m old enough to be your parents but I have enjoyed watching your adventures. Your videos are so well done. I wasn’t sure if I could watch the current videos but I figured let me try. This present video was done with such honesty it just blew my mind. Let me just say you have a person here who can’t wait till you guys are back on a different adventure of your choosing.
There's about to be a turnaround from God...and that turnaround will suddenly put things in your favor.
Bec You just cannot hide how beautiful you are . Its not your hair , IT IS YOU. You are an amazing woman and I am blessed to be on this journey with you. Eamon I cannot say enough about you every one deserves a love like the two of you have. Bec the shaved bald look is awesome on you. You can totally rock that look. Be Proud. Most of all I believe in GOD and I will pray for you two on this small part of your epic journey together.
I was feeling a connection to your journey because My mom went through it twice. Then when I read the description, I realized that you were diagnosed on what would have been her 100th birthday. She lived to be 86. I am so glad that you have each other through all of this. Bec,You rock the look.Eamon, you rock the role.
Sending you both lots of love!!! I have also been chemo bald!
Aww Bec, I've been following you guy for a couple/few ? years. Not so much recently as you know, life happens. I don't think I've ever commented on one of your videos, but I just wanted to echo Eamon in saying that you ARE beautiful, inside and out. And I'm thankful you have Eamon and your family to support you through this really scary journey. I think you've already learned that you are much stronger than you ever thought (tears are NOT a sign of weakness), and that strength will carry you through this. You don't know me, but I'm here and I'm with you 100%. xoxox <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Cross my fingers for you ❤🙏❤🙏❤🙏
You are beautiful, Bec. Eamon, too.
Stay strong Ms. Bec. So proud of Eamon being a great, loving and awesome amazing partner to Bec. Will support pray for your successful recovery and will watch your episodes till my last breathe.
He said “dude, I think this is a super power” and I couldn’t agree more 🤣
Why the cone of shame for your pup? Great name he has by the way, just not sure how to spell it!
Cherish ever moment. We Laid my Father in Law to rest today. Didn't feel good at Christmas. Got diagnosed January 14 with Stage 4 liver cancer. Life is precious. It's been somewhat healing to see your chemo journey. He never made it to that point of treatment. #CancerSucks
You do look very beautiful without your hair, too. :)
You look so hot - seriously though.
Back my person talks have been going out for you and what you’re going true hope you get well soon
We love you both so much ❤️❤️
You should get a silk pillow case because it doesn’t hurt your head and it helps you sleep better
You've already been through so much, you've got this.
Bec, you are such a beautiful person that losing your hair didn't reduce your beauty, it revealed it even more!
You are so beautiful!✨
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Many prayers for healing ❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Your amazing and beautiful, you both are inspiring. Eamon your the best for supporting her and bec you are so strong and brave soul. Virtual hug for the both of you. 🤗🤗🤗
You've always been bad ass.. now you look bad ass.. from Florida.. feel the love. I don't write to any one ever. I'm a true loner.. but name your wig something naughty.   Maybe name it.. bad ass.. think of how fun.. hey buddy grab bad ass for me ?
Been thinking of you both and seeing your house, your property, everywhere you go, in a bubble of light! Sending some extra love for your day. By this point, you're probably super fluent in the signs of the Universe...may this be one more message that brings you into lightness of being, flow, ease, and LOVE! Seeing you in perfect health. Love Christina in Key West. XOXO
Your both amazing. I would feel the exactly same way about my hair. A friend had cancer and went through the loss of her hair and like I said to her. Your losing hair, your experience a loss and you must grieve your loss because it’s sad but she looked beautiful and so do you. Keep fighting 💪🏼
Sending you so much love! You are brave and beautiful beyond words. You are always in my thoughts and prayers. 🤟🏽
Your are beautiful Bec, my prayers go out to you guys love you..❤️
Bec, you look like a viking shield-maiden. Looks badass, obviously it Will not always feel like that but that is normal. It gives you the opportunity to experiment later on. I imagine cool designs later on, or a bleached bald cut. All the curious options you might have been afraid to try will be available soon. Eamon, you are a great partner. You are also very human, take care of yourself as Well.
« You don’t need hair for love » ❤️❤️❤️
Eamon your patience and support is truly impeccable. This is hard for bec as we csn all think but don't think we don't recognize the challenges you must be facing as well
Why no more volgs been wanting ❤ U guys just inspire me a lot hope see guys back on track soon  Get well soon la🙏
Bec, you look badass stunning with a bald head. Hair has a lot of meaning I know, I shaved my head a couple of months ago to go on a self love journey. I really hope you get to love yourself even more going on this journey and embracing every part of it. It’s difficult, but luckily hair grows back. You are powerful, beautifull and tough please never forget that!
Y'all are great! ❤️❤️❤️
Omg love the plant vase!! Heart melting Where did you get the plant vase?
Thank you for sharing such an incredibly intimate part of your lives with us. What an incredible and beautiful gift it is to watch both of you and your outlooks on life.
Been a follower for at least 3 years . And I'm crying with you both... and everything is going to be okay  You're beautiful and strong
OMG You look like EL from stranger things 😍😊  and you do have super power and you are so so beautiful  I was crying seeing the video but it turned out so beautiful coz you look amazing . I have been following your journey it really inspires me to not be sad about all small things and appreciate everything i have❤️ I wish you fastest recovery and all love to   You both❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you look like a model! I love that we can see all of your beautiful face😍 and heart shining through those eyes! Short hair or bald, you are a stunner!! Keep going darlin! 💪
We are with you in this battle, Bec. I've been watching your videos since you started your vanlife with Eamon, Lee, Max, and other friends. Hugs and prayers for you. 💕🙏
Bec, did anyone check that your mole was benign? Here in Australia moles in the hairline can be malignant due to the sun? I know you had a complex diagnosis so would hate that something had been missed?
your such a good guy eamon, hope ur wife gets better very very soon!
Hey guys love yaw. Second. Do not think you have to have the best videos !!!!!!!!!! Be real. Just post something. Something. !!! Listen. A lot of us just love and support you. It does not have to be perfect. Just real.   bless yaw. Thank you for the show
❤️
Just checking in to say I'm thinking of you and sending healing thoughts your way.
i love you Bec, keep staying strong :) you got this ❤️
Praying for you! You also have the amazing husband.
Thinking of your lots!  Hope you’re not too sick from the chemo.
I cut my hair 22 years ago from long to bob and haven’t looked back. I love the process of wig shopping.
She is beautiful n it’s very becoming to be bald 🥰😍
Congratulations on a million subscribers.  You deserve it!❤️
You guys are amazing. Thanks for being real and the inspiration that you are. ❤️
You look amazing!!! You got this. Keep fighting ☺️
I have a freckle on my head close to where her mole on her head is. It is something cool so no need to be self conscious about it 🥰☺️❤️
Stay Strong Bec! WE ALL LOVE YOU! ❤
I have been praying for Bec. And will do so until fully recovered. I am a motherhen I have been wondering how Bec is doing with her treatments. I worry like a mom. Have not heard from you both in a bit. Looking forward to the next  vlog. Love you both.
I want you to know that you are amazing and you are so loved. Whether you know it or not it is true that you have a Father in Heaven who loves you so much, that He gave His only Son, Jesus, Christ who took your place on the cross so that when you believe in Him, you may have everlasting life.(John 3:16) If you are still reading this, I want you to know that Jesus is the cure for that emptiness that you have been feeling and it is true that Jesus wants a personal relationship with you. So if you are ready to accept Jesus into your heart and have a relationship with the lover of your soul, read this simple prayer out loud and mean it to the best of your ability; "Heavenly Father, I recognize that I am a sinner, in need of a savior. I believe that Jesus died on the cross for all my sins, was buried and God raised Him from the dead on the third day. I accept Jesus Christ as my personal Lord and Savior. Dear Jesus please forgive me for all of my sins. I repent of my sins. I ask you Jesus to come into my heart and fill me with the Holy Spirit. I thank you Jesus for your forgiveness and salvation! Praise You Lord! In Jesus's name I pray, Amen" If you said that prayer, your slate has been wiped clean and you are a new creation in Christ! Read the Book of John in the Holy Bible followed by Acts. "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. " (Romans 10:13) P.S. He's coming back soon!
You are soooooooo brave
Thinking of you today Beck. Hope you and Eamon are holding tight to all things positive.  Sending light, love and positive vibes your way. Miss you guys so much here. Stay strong together. Your village will be here whenever you are.  We love you.
Bec, hair is really important to a woman's identity. Losing it makes us stronger as we handle the loss. After chemo, I too lost handfuls of hair, then shaved it...but I kept my bangs (yeah, they thinned but it was fun while it lasted). To me, the worst part was when my head was totally bald. Didn't feel very feminine. But it's finally growing out snd I have a funky baby Mohawk. White and about 2 inches long. No matter how I try to comb it, it goes Mohawk. You'll still have ups and down, but you look fantastic bald, and your wig rocks! Remember how tough you are and that hair is just a teeny tiny minute part of who you are! And Eamon, my Tom is an amazing caregiver/ partner like you. You'll never have a more important and appreciated role in life. ❤️
My grandma had Colan cancer she was able to survive for 8 years after she found out but doctors only said she would last 3 maybe 4 more years and she made it 8 years.. she lost all her hair to and it was hard for her but she found exspensive but nice wigs and you couldn't even tell inless you knew her and knew she didn't have hair.. I'm praying for you and your family. Stay strong.. if I learned anything watching you 2 all these years is you are very strong and dedicated so I know you will over come this disease and come out even stronger and more humble than you already are...
You're such a beautiful woman, inside and out.  The hair doesn't matter.  It will come back.  I'm glad you're getting the treatment you need to become healthy.  Stay strong!
I am so blown away watching you both and the connection and love between you. Bec you are a rock star. You are so much stronger than you know and you are pulling your strength from your partner as it should be. Eamon you are a pillar of strength standing by Bec's side waiting for her to need you and offering her your strength so she doesn't fall. You two are amazing and will get through this. Bec you give women around the world in the same situation such inspiration.
We love you Eamon and Bec! We are here for you, stay strong! Hugs!
My aunt has breast cancer and she has three one 5 year old one three year old and  one year old but she is doing much better now.
Bec, you look beautiful!!
Bec you are the most gorgeous bald person I have ever seen (and at my advanced age that is a lot of people!).  Eamon, you are such a pillar of strength and I thoroughly admire how you are walking through this journey with Bec.  Be there for each other, I have good feelings this all will turn out well.
I wanted to let you guys know I FINALLY ordered your chai tea (both kinds) and the starter kit. I'm looking forward to it and also wanted to continue to support you both! :D
You look beautiful with and without hair and i hope you know that
So beautiful with or without hair, inside and out!❤
You are REALLY BEAUTIFUL hair or no hair 💙
Bec, your smile lights up your face in the best possible way no matter if you have a bob, long hair, or if you’re bald. You’re so beautiful in every form and I wish you all the best as you continue your journey! Also, praise to Eamon for being an amazing partner through everything!
I have never been more worried about a you tuber than you two
you are beautiful. hang on to each other.  Love to both of you!
I’m thinking of you both and look forward to your next video. I’m a nurse that cares for children with cancer and it’s never an easy journey for anyone but the depth of love and the strength in the midst of the suffering is what amazes me most. You guys are going through the biggest struggle of your life and through it all, the love and compassion and strength you guys exhibit is just unbelievable!  You both are so cute together. Thank you for sharing your intimate struggles.
Bec you are gorgeous, always! My bf and I have been keeping up with you two since you started the cabin a couple years back and have loved having yall be a part our week. You both are amazing, so nothing new <3
This hits so deep. You two are amazing ❤️
I genuinely think you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen with a shaved head! Like you lost NO beauty without hair! This video made me cry but I love how real you are and you are so incredibly strong!!!
Hoping everything is okay ❤️
So proud of you!!. No words can describe how much I feel about you. YOU ARE GREAT!! and remember hair grows back.
You two are the most beautiful couple!!! The love you have for each other is incredible! Bec you are beautiful, inside and out!!!
Love you guys!!! Bec you look so hot at every stage. Your beauty shines from within. And Eamon has to be hubby of the year! Well done, you two! You ROCK! Xxx
Rocking it Bec! Sending you guys the biggest healing energy from Espana. Holding in the tears behind my laptop at my co-working space. LOVE LOVE LOVE TO YOU GUYS.
You could call your wig Dua or Amalia
You are a freakin gorgeous rockstar!!!!
I came across you guys via Kara and Nate and have just caught up with Bec's cancer fight. I have lymphocytic leukaemia and I have learned that everyone's cancer journey is individual to them. Something else I have learned from you guys is the power of positive thinking (not just when fighting cancer) which something you guys radiate in spades.  I respect you so much for sharing your journey (warts and all) because I think the more people see the reality of cancer treatment - the mental fight as much as the physical/ medical fight - the more they will understand the process people go through. I wish you both nothing but good luck. I write a blog on my cancer fight and I always sign off with the same message - Stay strong, fight hard, smile lots.
Sending love and strength today.  We think of you often.  Last night I made your cauliflower tacos.  So yummy and a big hit with my family! Right now I am eating peanut butter and jelly oatmeal.  It is my new go-to breakfast. Thanks for all the ways you have positively impacted others.  We are thinking of you and cheering for you every day!!
Yes you are beautiful and so so strong, sending you much love
You guys are my favorite YouTubers ever I am so proud of you beck i love you so much you are so strong I don’t know what I would do if I lost my hair but I know that I would get through it and I know that because I am watching you
U look great bec!!!
I love you both! Godspeed
Eamon, You are a class act! You are a good man. Bec, you are awesome and beautiful and keep staying positive! Not sure if yall are religious but I will be praying for you! Godbless!     -Matt from Oklahoma
you guys are truly beautiful inside and out and so brave to share your story. Truly in my own life hardships i feel less alone. Sending so many healing loving vibes your way
I am so proud of you bec for staying strong through these really hard times, we all experience things differently but you put a little bit of sunshine in my life even though we’re going through different circumstances at least you have ( sorry if I spell it wrong ) eamon to help, love, and support you through everything. You are a very lucky person with lots of love and lots of hope ❤️
You are beautiful with or without hair. Eamon is a amazing partner.  You both are amazing people don't ever change .
Sending prayers and healing energy your way. 💕
Wow that was so amazing to share with us! Your not alone, my family is in a battle right now as well. My sister just had her thyroid removed due to cancer. We believe in God and trust Him to get her through it. I pray that your both transformed by this journey in a deep beautiful way. These moments are to be awakened and transformed, no one tells you that suffering produces the most precious Gold in your life. Gold that cannot ever be taken away, gold to share with others on their journey!! Your already sharing it!! xoxoxoxo
♡
you two are my most favorite channel to watch. your energy radiates through your videos and you make people want to be good people. i love you guys
You’re beautiful!
You look beautiful!! My friend just went through the same thing after having her baby and just like her you are absolutely gorgeous even bald! You're also amazing in sharing this whole journey with everyone of us so openly! Eamon you are an amazing partner so encouraging! Love you guys so much! Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers!🥰🥰
To help the sensitivity you can use a silk pillow case
your positivity is everything
Persist, Eamon.
Sending love and hugs 🤗 ❤️🤗❤️
Hi Bec. You should read Becoming Supernatural by Dr. Joe Dispenza. I will pray for you.
You are so good looking you don’t even need hair!!!!! Love Kathy and Joe Clayton, Albertville, mn
But like why is she a complete baddie with no hair dang bec you look smoking
Bec you have a good shape to your head.  You are rocking the crew cut.
Hey Bec, just know we are with you. I hate seeing you so upset in this video. But you look SO beautiful and you will.find your strength. Take time to heal and your aren't alone. Double Mastectomy 03-17-21 you got this sis.
❤️
Dr Joe Dispenza💛
💪🏽💪🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️❤️
Bec - you are so beautiful inside, you could wear a plastic bag and look totally scrumptious! You are just rocking that 2022 look xx
Thank you guys for sharing as always! Feeling for you, crying with you. BEing with you. All of us!!
Hope all is well with you Bec. Stay positive!!!! Sending you the best vibes from Brazil
Beck you look so good with all the hairstiles, you guys are such an inspiration and so kind, all the love ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Love you so much 💗 You got this girl!!
Eamon is so supportive of her new hair btw you look so good. 🥰❤
So,            so I been staling to watch this video for some time now. Its so hard to see someone u really look up to and "love" be so sad. Its strange how much it hits u even if u dont know the person, but u kinda do in your little world. Thank u so much for this video, I havent cried this much in a long time. I been sick for 3 years now and its a upphill fight everyday. Every sunday u have been something to look forward to and to smile over. Again thank u so much for this video love u guys.
<3
I waited a week to watch this cause I knew it was going to cry ... annnnd I did. I know everyone has said it but it's true, you are brave, strong and you got this!
Bec you are so fucking beautiful and strong ! i have watched you through a screen for a long ass time and i hope to have a sliver of the strength you have one day. love you girl and you guys will get thru this. GIRL BOSS <3
It’s so amazing of you to be willing to share this journey with others. Prayers for you, Bec!
Can this help you? It’s just come up in my newsfeed - the UK Independent newspaper stated - a game-changing drug has arrived that can slash the risk in women who carry BRCA1 and BRCA2 - two faulty genes that can increase breast cancer risk.The drug - Lynparza (olaparib) - was found to slash the risk for women with high-risk breast cancer by 32 percent. Lotsof love julie x
God bless you guys I pray for you everyday 🙏
Please read Neville Goddard's  Awakened Imagination
You are so beautiful inside and out  ! I have been following you both for 8 months. Thank you for sharing this journey with us. Praying for you 🙏🏻💗
Sitting here crying thinking about an amazing woman I do not even know but have grown to love and cherish. Bec you are a strong beautiful woman and I believe that you will pull through no matter how hard it gets, you will push and become stronger than you think one could Both Bec and Eamon are so very brave and strong for what they've been going through. Eamon is a very good man and I am thankful Bec has him to go through this very tough experience. I cannot put into words how much I will be praying for you both. Much love to you both I believe in you I love you I am praying for you.
That wig is🔥🔥it looks just like your hair wow👏🏾👏🏾
Bec listen to the song “I Am Not My Hair” by India Ari trust me it will bless you soul.  I have been so inspired by your strength, as I live with a chronic illness. Trust me this too shall pass, lean into the lesson. ask God what’ am I to learn from this? I’m praying for you🙏🏾🙏🏾
As I follow your journey, I find myself crying long with you Bec and crying as Eamon is so supportive. You truly are beautiful with a shaved head Bec! Although what matters is how beautiful you both are on the inside. Thanks for sharing with all of us. And keep smiling and laughing like you both do.
You could totally have rainbow hair
woow you  really look goood ur so beautiful macha allah nd i hope now they already grown since i came here late but u look so amazing nd ur so beautiful macha allah nd one day i want you to record another video  to celebrate ur new hairs a shiny strong and beautiful long hairs i really liked this video nd ur support as well nd u actually made me laugh the way he said boldie nd the moment u said badie it was so n nice and i liked it  nd keep on posting
I could not love you guys anymore! You guys are taking everything in such stride and seems like really coming together in this time that can be isolating for both of you. See you guys next time <3
Thanks for sharing these parts of your journey. I know this video is going to be really supportive for so many individuals and couples going through their own cancer experience. Keep being a bright light! Love from Austin!
I'm sorry BEC. It must be hard and you is so Brave. Don't worry about your looks. You look cute in Long, Short and No hair. Besides IT Will grow out again... 😉 Cherriup,.. 🙂
You’re Beautiful
Love you guys ..so amazing and positive ✨  thank you for showing me how to be strong
Bec you are so incredibly strong and beautiful inside and out. Not even just saying that. I’ve been following you guys forever and I’ve always thought that, but now so even more.  I love you guys, stay strong ❤️
I love you guys.
Wow, lets start off with how amazing of a partner Eamon is! And Bec wow your incredibly strong for sharing all these emotions and raw footage publicly. Bec you look better than ever! Much much love!!!
I love you guys! You are so beautiful together! Keep you in my prayers and thoughts!
Seriously so much love for you both
Bec, you are a stunning example of how to move through events and process emotion. I am in awe of your grace.
Hi Becs, Glad to see you both doing well, and encouraging each other through this.  I’d like you to go through this link. https://youtu.be/LMAjDYttda4  I just want to see you get better and continue your zest for life.  I appreciate both of you
😔🙏😥😥🥺🥺
Bec you get through this you are a strong person you can do this!
many love to the both of you, esp bec dealing with chemos.. YOU GOT THIS GIRL YOU WILL NAIL IT YOU WILL OVERCOME IT <3
Sending so much love your way!!!  Honored to even witness your journey.  You both give me hope in humanity.  Honestly.
Y’all are just couple goals!!! I love how much love you hav for each other!
Like Amalie from the French movie of the same name!
I love you so much bec! You are my true spirit animal!
I am so proud of you both!! <3
It will all be fine
It will all be fine
May God continue to bless you  both  the name of Jesus
You both are beautiful 👍🙏☝️☝️😀
lookin like one bad b**** Bec
You are absolutely gorgeous and inspiring. Keep up the good fight and remember you have  Eamon and all of your supporters with you.  Thank you for sharing your journey. Big hug from Texas. 💗🎀
I love you guys! And honestly, Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out, with or without hair!  Eamon cracks me up with his rocking the red wig hat!  This was a great video….what a playful sense of humor you both have! Keep doing “you”, we love you both, just the way you are!  Bec, keep the faith, this is just part of your journey together with Eamon, another chapter in your lives, knowing you will both get through this! Much love and prayers for you both!
Thank you bth for being so brave and sharing such personal and private moments in your journey.  I have been watching you for more than 3 years. I cried with you.... Our hair is what makes us feel beautiful and to loose it is definitely a hard road to go dow
Stay strong, Bec! You’re the best😘
i watched my auntie go through this and i don't wish it upon anyone. her hair was the hardest thing to loose and he young kids wouldn't hug her for weeks. she has now had a double mastectomy and is cancer free. there is hope, don't forget. the sun will always shine and people love you and that will make you stronger xx
You look so so beautiful Bec. We are with you throughout your journey. ♥
much love for ya"ll...sending positive energy your way for all the great vibes you send out into the world.
Brave girly! Bec You got this! My one ☝🏻 year Breast Cancer Remission Anniversary coming up April 8th!🙏💝🍁
You are both beautiful.
Bec, you are both stunning and brave.
Your so brave, love you 😍
Stay Strong Bec <3 play "I Didnt Fall in Love With Your Hair" by Brett Kissel
Wow! 😳❤️ I’m a new follower from Kara and Nate’s channel and I just wanted to say WOW!! You guys are amazing - Bec, you are so brave!! I can’t say how special it feels to me that your sharing such an difficult and raw journey with us… and, heaven forbid, should I ever be in the situation, I know I’ll feel so much less alone having found you guys. Thank you. I’ll be watching, supporting and sending lots of love to you both from now on 🙏🏻xxx
Congratulations! Thank You!!
Hi, I'm from Ottawa Ontario and started listening to your channel because I found you through Kara and Nate. I just love what you do. I'm sending love and hugs. You are both so strong and amazing. I was going to buy AG! through K an N's affiliate link, but I'm sure they won't mind if I do that purchase through your link instead. Congrats on the amount of viewership Courage! Thank you for sharing xo
Sending u lods of love nd huggxxx. May god give both of u lods of strength to fight together. May u both be happy healthy nd strong soon❤️❤️🧿🧿🙏🙏🌸🌸
Just post videos of like nothingness but run a lot of ads and I and probably many others will just watch them to help you guys!
Bec . . I want to thank you for sharing about grieving the whole day when you cut your hair. You said we had to get it ALL out and start getting past it. I lost my son 4 years ago and we were very close. I realized that I didn’t allow myself to fully grieve . . I’ve been holding it in. Because of you, I’m going to work on this. God bless you and Eamon on your journey.
💕 💞 ♥
What Cancer Cannot Do.  Cancer is so limited...  It cannot cripple love.  It cannot shatter hope.  It cannot corrode faith.  It cannot destroy peace.  It cannot kill friendship(s).  It cannot suppress memories.  It cannot silence courage.  It cannot invade the soul.  It cannot steal eternal life.  It cannot conquer the spirit.  -Author Unknown  From one warrior to another, you still have the right to quality of life and JOY. Cancer is limited, but YOU ARE NOT. Sending you both love, peace and blessings! ❤️
You can fight this ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥. Love you guys both. Keep pushing
Praying for You & Fam. Haven't seen a weekly upload yet & yiur in my thoughts, So From one B.C. survivor to another...Hugs & Peace.
I've been watching y'all for years and I just wanted to come on here and say how strong and beautiful you are Bec. Your videos have inspired me for so many years and now to watch you go through this journey (an incredibly hard journey) so publicly is so beyond anything I have seen and is truly so inspirational and pure. I'm praying for you guys daily! Also Eamon you are being the best partner any women could ever ask for (and i'm sure you don't need me to tell you that lol) This journey isn't easy but you are so strong and supportive and that is truly a blessing. Much love and many prayers!
❤️❤️❤️
You guys have gone through so much and we all give you peace and hope and we all love you guys
I love you both. You both are in my thoughts and prayers.
Thanks for taking us all along with you! The liquid sunshine is making you glow!
been crying the whole time im watching this
I feel so bad you have cancer, i have thin hair and a bunch of it comes out and sometimes it annoys me but I'm used to it now
As we didn’t get a Sunday video this week, I’m truly hoping that all is ok 👌 your many followers are so worried about you but we know you’ll pull through because your strong and amazing. All our love from the UK 😘 xxx
You are so very brave
You’re so beautiful!!!!!
I think you should call the wig wigusus from the croods
I love you guys ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you guys so much, I’ve been watching your channel for years and it has been a pleasure to share the highs (and there have been many!!) of your lives. However, as with any friendship 🌻, it is important to share the lows. I feel so much empathy for what you guys are going through and I look forward to the day you come out the other side of this and I can share in your adventures once again ❤️ 🤙 🚐
Bec, you are GORGEOUS. Such an incredibly strong human being.
Keep up  on hope, I have been following you two since almost the beginning of your Van life journey, thanks for sharing so much of your fun time, live is full of unknowns, as same as all your Van life journeys , May God blessing you two can get over this adventure. Remember rainbow 🌈 always comes after the rain.
Bald is beautiful. I’ve been rocking it for quite some time but never as elegantly not as beautifully as you. Hugs.
Bec you are absolutely gorgeous hair and just because your going through stuff and it will nots be there you look absolutely stunning with and without it. ❤️
You got this Bec! I'm rooting for you. You will beat this and be even stronger than you ever thought you could be. Eamon I want to thank you, as a fan, for being the best partner she could ever have. The two of you together can overcome anything in the world. I've been watching you guys for quite some time now and you've always be an inspiration! You are one of the best youtubers out there. Bec, sharing this part of your life for not only awareness of what others go through, but the vulnerability and stress you are under during this, it shows you are a strong woman. Powerful and beautiful. I'm beyond proud of you. You are a role model! Keep your chin up. Hair is hair! It will grow back and there is beautiful alternatives to help with your confidence. Don't let these negative feelings put you down. Own it and work it! I love you guys ❤ #FuckCancer
Bec OMG look at you gorgeous!!  Eamon just pulls off long hair better than all of us!! 🤣🤣
You are so incredibly brave to share this very personal journey ..  Bec you are absolutely beautiful 😍
On my life, I honestly think you look even better with either a bob or shaved head. You look absolutely gorgeous with a shaved head.
You’re beautiful no matter what and it’s gonna grow back it’s gonna take a long time but just remember that you have Eamon here for you.
Just came across your channel ☺ you've so got this 👍 👌 🙌 👏  Hair doesn't mean anything while you're fighting for your life !! I'm just over a year in remission from stage 3 cervical cancer ..🌻 Good days are coming for you , be safe stay strong 💪 you can do this 🇬🇧☺
Stay strong girl! I wish you would get better soon. ✨💗
Thank you! My wife was diagnosed with Breast Cancer only 5 weeks ago and like yourselves our world has turned upside down. She is 36 and will have a lumpectomy on the 28/03/22 followed by chemo and radiotherapy. I found your videos due to wanting to know what to expect and how best I can support her, I feel lost and useless. There is so much comfort in seeing your journey but also both your smiles. We know there’s a long road ahead this year and like yourselves not the one that was planned and it is terrifying but these videos have helped me today when I needed it.   Stay safe, stay strong and thank you once more.
Sending both of you prayers. Been through something very similar. You are surrounded by love.
You are a strong lady Bec, stay strong and keep the spirit positive like you’ve always been. You are beautiful inside out. Damon and a a beautiful soul bless him for looking after you and staying positive. Light and love to you beautiful.
You are beautiful even without hair
It's okay we love you 🥰
you are beautiful
wow u look so beautiful bald! You rock all hair styles! You are one lucky girl!
You're going to kick cancer's ass! I am sure of that! ❤
Omg I haven't been watching all the time I see many inspiring YouTubers that I didn't know u have cancer. Bless u2 n know that I do watch u both but not always post. I prays for full recovery Beck. 🙏
Can we just talk about no matter what hairstyle, from full long hair to bald, she looks amazing! 😍
You’re amazing, guys!  Too strong and cute with each other.  ❤️ I watch you guys from Brazil, and I send a lot of positive energy, soon everything will be fine! 🙏🏽
You are amazingly strong Bec. Love to you both of you !!
you are doing great!!! I am impressed and grateful for such positive developments. feel huged!!! Greetings from Germany
It’s okay to be bold you look also me
Bec. I cried with you while watching this. I reacted exactly the same way you did when I lost my hair while having chemo. I too didn't realise how much of my identity and feminism was held in my hair. I quickly learned to enjoy the freedom of not having to maintain all that hair, especially in hot, humid Cairns Australia. I wore a wig once and the rest of the time I rocked the bald look. You will ride the highs and lows like the champ you are. Big hugs ❤
have a great day  and bald is beautiful.  Just get better  please xxxxx
I respect you both. Bec you are so brave for sharing this with everyone. Eamon you are a great man and you take care and respect Bec and you are an amazing guy for that!!
The love and support that you show each other is nothing short of AMZING!!! 😍
Giving me  Gi Jane vibes with Demi Moore gorgeous 🔥🔥💜
You are inspiring and so SO beautiful!
We ❤️ guys Bec you are stunning! I’ve had a mole for years but mine is bright red and is more like Mikhail Gorbachev! I’ve always wanted mine off but am afraid to do so.  You’ve both been encouraging to numerous people over the years and brought us out of dark days! Thank you! ❤️❤️❤️❤️🌞🌞
Yesss I love Tokyo feom money heist and she looks just like her I love ittt beccc
That is ~the~ most precious wig that will ever be made 🥰
Bec I know you are going to make it because my Gigi had Brest cancer and she made it and you will be great and you got this.
Love from Victoria, BC 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
May God continue to bless you richly now and always
I’m crying with you Bec…..and by the end of the blog I’m smiling with you.
I kept ignoring this video as I knew it would be hard to watch. I've paused it at 23mins as I'm crying with you Bec. This story is so beautifully told. Thank you for being so brave and filming it. Everything you said about long hair I have thought myself. I cut my very long hair 2 years ago to donate to charity and it was hard - but there are so many out there who don't have hair and that was the reason I was doing it. You didn't have a choice and for that you are so much stronger. Eamon, you are amazing! My wish is that anyone going through this has a cheerleader by their side like you. The best wishes for you Bec - you are stronger than you think you are xxx
you actually look amazing bald
Love you both so much. Many prayers coming your way. 🥰❤️
God bless!
An inspiration! You are so strong and got this!
Sending you strength and positive Chi!💙💜 Holding you in my prayers!
Bec - you look strikingly beautiful and the same Bec with the full head of hair! Eamon - you are a complete legend too and it's been so wonderful to see you both journey through this so lovingly together. What a rocking team!!
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻✝️✝️🛐☮️👍🏻👍🏻😍🥰😘😘😘😘😘
Eamon shaving your head reminded me of Paolo from "The Princess Diaries"  :) You're such a strong woman Bec, sending much love
I love you guys. Your story is inspiring. Your in my prayers. Thank you for sharing your story.
Bec - I cried every time you cried. And I hope you felt every time my heart just yearend to give you a big, sweet, warm squeeze. I am praying for your recovery and healing and am SO PROUD of how you are facing this journey. Eamon - I know being a care taker is not easy at times. If it is any consolation - watching this video helped me realize some things about my current relationship and I actually asked myself "would he care for me the way Eamon is caring for Bec?" .. and the answer isn't an easy one but your love for Bec has brought me so much clarity. I wish I could come over and clean and cook so you can get a day off lol. I know the internet can be a weird place but in the most authentic way - I love you guys. Sending to many prayers, warmth, peace and comfort. Can't wait to "See you Someday".. <3
Eamon you are an amazing man. Bec, I get this said to me all the time, “you are stronger than you think. Sharing everything I can and sending all the positive vibes I can!! ❤️💕🇨🇦❤️💕🇨🇦
You guys rock. Stay strong 💪 xoxo
I’ve always watched every single video within an hour of upload.. it’s taken me 9 days to watch this video.. even through I don’t know you personally I feel for you so much. I can imagine going through what you’re going through but the positive you give is unbelievable. My heart goes to you
Sending all the good vibes towards you two!  Lee would be so incredibly proud of how strong you both are!
Wow. Thank you so much for sharing this part of your journey. This is the first video I've seen of yours and the pure raw emotion and vulnerability you shared was so touching. You both seem like such amazing people and I wish you nothing but the best.
colon cancer
first time chemo ball no shower sucks
We love you guys!
You two helped me through dark times, Thank you so much!
Beck looks amazing bald xoxo Love you All
Stay strong Bec!  You will kick “C” to the curb.  Eamon, you are a rock star. Make sure both of you take care of you!  You are only as strong as you are with each other.  Namaste🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Bec you look incredibly beautiful without hair and may I say crazy sexy too!
Omg Bec you are stunning, I am so proud of you both. You both are so strong and inspire so many of us. Your story is truly beautiful and your youtube family is supporting you. Lots of love!
I know it doesn’t make the whole thing any easier but you are gorgeous Bec.  Your hair is beautiful but you absolutely rock being bald too.
You two are both absolutely beautiful people, with or without hair. Man, does Bec ever rock that look!
You look great girl 🥰
Oh Eamon your so sweet! The plant (amongst other things) was perfect! I think you are both amazing for showing this journey in a raw way. I am sure it is helping others and will continue to help others.
I rlly hope you get better soon ,bec your strong and Amazing! And Eamon your the best partner to bec.stay strong!❤️ Xxx Amazing Norris:)
GOD  I  LOVE  YOU  GUYS
Hi Bec just checking in to see how your doing. I hope all is well with you and Eamon. Remember we are not our hair🦾👑✊🏾💝💖💝
Bec you are so strong and beautiful with or without hair. You are so inspirational! I also think you are extremely lucky to have Eamon in your corner. Together you even more beautiful.
Eamon man, you were so strong. That is a situation where you needed to be strong and you delivered +. Bec, you are beautiful and so strong. And your strength isn’t going anywhere! Neither is your support!!!❤️
Aw bec, I’m so sorry love ☹️💖
One day at a time you will beat it!!!!
we will all still love Bec
Beck you look beautiful
Blown away by your courage and bravery in this one Bec. Watching you overcome the intensity of the moment and fully embracing it was so powerful and inspiring to watch. You are beautiful through every stage of this! Eamon is so supportive and is always there to bring in some light and laughter. You two can get through anything together 🤍🤍 love you guys!
Thanku Eamon for taking care of your beautiful Buddy..u r an AWESOME caregiver..you really are..🌹
Beeeeec you´re such a beauty. I understand the attachment to hair, but girl you´re absolutely beautiful no matter what.  I started watching your videos a long time ago and even now you´re both scuh an inspiration. Thank you for sharing and keep the positive vibes up! Love you both!
You have a beautifully shaped head Bec!!  Love you both ♡
LUME guys..lol
Bec..you have a beautiful heart ♡ Take your days in chunks of hours digesting all you are going my far away friend Much love and support from Vermont 🌲🍁🌲❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
You are so beautiful Bec! 💕
I hope you're feeling better. My dad is also going through chemo, and it's hard watching him be so sick. He's been optimistic since day one, but I do miss the person he was before the illness. 😥
I love that idea of a cap with n Hair attached to it, and you look great in that hair color that Eamon bought for you.❣️
Missed you yesterday you are in my thoughts hugs
love youuu;  you are beautul couple;;  biiig hugg
Prayers 🙏
Bec improved the quality of my life. I wish I was a healer! I love you 💕
Your new wig literally looks amazing, you look so good with either the wig or being bald 🥰😍
You are a beautiful women!
You are both so strong. Bec you look incredible!
I can't see u cry🥺
🤞🏾🙏🏾
I am absolutely DIGGING the bob cut!!!!!! Long, short, bald.....your beauty shines through.  We love you guys!!  Jeff and Simon
💗 Thank you for sharing your journey
You look f*ckin' incredible with a shaved head, Bec! You're so strong.
I know you get alot of comments, but.... Bless you for sharing such a sensitive story! And you are so positive and loving. It's wonderful to see. Also while attending Dr. Appointments you may get overwhelmed with information try using the app Abridge.  (No affiliation to me, but I use it for my son's neurologist appointment)
I love how supportive Eamon is being though all of this you found a good person❤️
Bec you're gorgeous inside and out and Eamon, you're an amazing partner🙏🏼💗 Bec, you should reach out to Dylan and Delia. She just went through this same process🙏🏼 you guys are similar in age and I think you guys would become fast friends 💗💗💗
Praying for you to be filled with strength as we all love you into healing! And you are so beautiful no matter if you have hair or not. To embrace this process with positivity will help you greatly, and you have an amazing support system of followers who adore you and are here to rally for you both!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've watched and rematch this and your strength is so amazing, bec your so beautiful inside and out ❤ sending so much love to you both xxxxxxxxx
God bless you my dear!
I love you guys!
I just started watching you guys and I: am obsessed. You are both such beautiful souls. Relationship goals ❤️ Bec you are such an inspiration. Eamon we need more men like you in this world.
Eamon:  Persist.   And if you ever wonder if you are doing this right, the answer is yes!
Wow! you two are so incredible, I honestly am in awe of the positivity that you two are creating in such a hard situation. You are absolutely beautiful with or without hair. This will only make you stronger. Bec you are so lucky to have such good support by your side and it makes me so happy that you aren't going through this alone. Not only do you have Eamon but you have all your supporters right here. You got this girl <3
I can't tell you how bad i feel for you i am sooo sorry that you have to go throe this Bec. plus Eamon is a really good person for helping you out love yall . take care
Thinking about you two ... just came by to give you a HUG🤗
Hi, Bec, you could really check out dr Joe Dispenza on you tube and you can also watch testimonials of people who healed themselves. There is another way. Good luck!!!!
Bec you are an absolute beauty hair or no hair. You’re home just seems to burst with love. Sending healing energy always! ❤️
Love you guys so much!
You Do look cute🥳🥳🥳👋🇨🇦❤️
I have a mole the same Bec! We're twins! I was always insecure about mine, but now I know we are twins :P  Sending you all the good vibes from Australia <3 <3 p.s you do look freaking amazing without hair!!  edit; welll you got it taken off but still :')
I can’t say anything else but is already out there. But I would name the wig “The Jiggy Wiggy”, Because I name wigs in funny names and this one is no exception.😀❤️🦋
its ok i'm sorry
Bec let’s just take a second to admire how BEAUTIFUL you are. I’m literally in tears writing this. Through all of this you still ask Eamon if he’s okay. You are STRONG. Such an amazing genuine soul. As always I’m praying for your health and fast recovery. You are beautiful bald or with hair. Ps Girl you is rocking the bald !!!! You was worried for nothing!!!
Bec you are so strong & beautiful! Inside & out, with hair, without. It doesn't matter. We all love you and Eamon so much and this is just one chapter in your book. The next phase of kicking cancers ass and celebrating 🍾 is next!! Sending all my love to you both!🥰🤟❤
Beck looks so beautiful💖💖💖
Cai de parabéns no seu canal, mais daqui o Brasil torcendo por vcs dois, será uma longa jornada, mais a vitória será compensadora e empolgante, até vencer essa fase da vida...Deus Abençoe !!!
God I’m so absolutely proud of you. Such a beautiful inspirational woman.
You look amazing and just so you know Beauty is on the inside
Prayers for complete healing🙏
You can do this Bec!  Praying for your journey. You’re AMAZING!
It’s Sunday! Sending good vibrations, love positive vibes and prayers❤️❤️
God bless you sis... ❤️❤️
Bec, you look bad ass.  Your shaved head highlights your  natural beauty, and your tough inner strength.
You are beautiful in and out regardless of your hair status!   This is the beginning of a fresh and bright start 🌟
This was so real and so personal! Cried watching. Thanks for sharing. You look Beautiful!!!
Your beauty is not your hair but your soul!
Hey e & b!!! I know you didn't post today. Just here to say HI YOU ARE SO LOVED. praying for your health along with the health of the world. Hope you guys enjoyed your weekend 🌞
You could name the wigs after people that have helped you in the process? Like Amber, Ashley, Kara, etc?
Wanna say u embrace those pretty, real eyelashes ma, ma.💋
I’m so sorry this had to happen… I was diagnosed with low-grade childhood brain cancer two weeks before I turned 10 in September 2013. I had to be in a hospital for 6 weeks for a total of 4 surgeries. (I can still trace the bald line that was my incision from my right temple to the top left side of my head.) I eventually needed 15 months of chemotherapy throughout 2017 and 2018 (which included a LOT of hair loss), and the scar tissue from 2013 led to an epilepsy diagnosis in May 2020 that I still take medicine for. My doctors say that radiation therapy may be in my future, but that remains to be seen.  People with good morals will know that physical attributes do not show a person’s full story. You wouldn’t know I was a cancer survivor, epilepsy survivor, or second-degree black belt just by looking at me.  Just remember to never stop being you.
You both are amazing and beautiful!
that plant representing that hair always grows back was made so much more thoughtful than a gift already is, Eamon hit the nail on the head, what an amazing partner.
I love you guys so much. Thank you for sharing.
Bec does look super cute with a shaved head. ❤️
Kia ora Bec and Eamon During my lunch break today, in NZ, I watched your youtube (and a keen follower), and what a waihinetoa you are Bec (strong women).   You filled my lunch break with tears, laughter and excitement, wearing Lee’ sweater for strength and comforted, letting Eamon shave your hair and his body language was hilarious, mixed with gentle talking and reasurance support.  Sinead O’Connor was my idol and Bec you looked just like her without your hair.  You definitely are a super model and look like my idol.  You conquered 2022 fashion world and how you bounced back with courage, strength, and resilience.  I can’t wait to watch the rest of your journey with Chemo and the many next stages in your lives.  I went for a mammogram today and if I need to go through chemo, I’ll be bringing you with me, to give me strength and resilience, rewatching your journey with Chemo!!!  Kia kaha Bec & Eamon, you both rock the world😊 xxx
Thank you so much for sharing this Bec. And Eamon, wow. You are the definition of a life PARTNER. Your love is so inspiring.
I love Oso! so cute how happy he was to think he was going to be going on a car ride before Eamon took him out of the car!! Poor boy
Oh hunnies yr sooooooo cute!!🤘♡ May I ask , while chemo is it in the hair?  Could it affect whom ever gets it?  Is it any different from 1 that doesn't have cancer, I'm just trying to understand . Thank you!
Ive said it before and I’ll say it again. You two are beautiful humans. Thank you for being vulnerable on this journey. I’m sending you all the positive vibes. ❤️
Omg you look AMAZING With your head shaved!!
hi u look soo pritty lol
you’re gonna beat cancers ass bec stay strong!!❤️
You look so beautiful with your golden scalp. You shine
Bald is beautiful! You look so amazing Bec. I cried along with you in the shower. I've also lost my hair from the red devil and that trigger shower where it comes out in chunks is something no one can even imagine until you've lived it. Thank you for sharing your journey and love with the world
I will always miss seeing you guys every week.  You guys are always a blast of sunshine.
Loving you guys!
Watched this video again, and hearing you say how attached you were to your hair, and while your hair was, and will be again, beautiful, you’re BEAUTIFUL because of your SMILE !!!!!
I am a former chemotherapy/radiation oncology nurse now retired who wants to commend both of you for sharing your journey. Your honesty in this emotional treatment was just inspiring and I know you will be helping many women going through this. I have followed you both in your van and cabin adventures. Your couple love and strength are beautiful to see.God bless you both as you go through this challenge with courage, love ,and support.
You are beautiful people! God bless you guys!!
Hey if men can have long hair we can have shaved heads! You look AWSOME with no hair. You have a lovely shaped head and face. It shows your beauty x
I believe you see your true beauty once everything is stripped away. Including the hair. If you can’t feel beautiful naked do you truly love yourself? I shaved my head a year ago due to illness. Not cancer but a serious illness that would make my hair fall out in clumps every time I washed or brushed it. I loved my shaved head and still do. I grew it back a bit but hated it so now I have a number 4 all over. It’s so easy to wash and feels so freeing. Women can have shaven heads too! I think when you lose hair due to cancer it must be just the whole emotion of knowing what you are going through and having all that harsh chemical going through your body. You will probably grow to love no hair and how simple and easy it is to have. I couldn’t go back to long hair now.
Ive been waiting for your video today hope your feeling well more than I want a update . Prayers you both are healthy as can be for everything going on. Waiting on my results an go for more test on the 25 unless I get called in early. So thankfully to you I did my self check after finding cysts in my early teen years an having them biopsy an drain theses are difference . I am thankful for u both
Just checking in - hope y'all are doing well !
I’m going through the bald head stage right now and am going through chemo. The wigs I tried don’t look good, I end up wearing a baseball cap. I don’t really look good in the scarfs or caps for hair loss. I relate to you, it was really hard when my son was shaving my head. I’ll pray for you. You guys are a great couple, stay strong ! 💖
Merci
Are you guys vaccinated?
Is this anything to do with veganism by chance?
Bec you are gorgeous with or without hair inside and out. you are so brave putting all this out there ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Bec Rocks!!!
🥰 🔥
So much power to you bec, truly inspiring :)
Bec you are so beautiful, so brave, so amazing!! 💗
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL !
I think a wig would remove the stigma.
I am tearing up. I've watched you two for years and watching Bec go through this truly breaks my heart. Also Eamon is God sent!
Bec you're such a warrior. Your gorgeous inside & out, with or without hair. In an unlucky situation you have the best luck when it comes to supportive partners. I wish I had an Eamon! (I have a husband, who I love, but he's no Eamon).  Just think, when you beat this & have a baby, you'll be prepared for the postpartum breastfeeding hairloss. Today my hair started coming out in chunks & after the initial shock, I immediately thought of how you must of felt in this video. I know our situations are completely different, but I can sympathize with how it feels to see that much hair in your hands.
You ARE beautiful - inside and outside. Wishing you continued strength in the journey ahead and good outcomes.
You both are such incredibly beautiful people inside and out.  The hair doesn’t do the beauty souls’ justice. Eamon you are an amazing partner and Bec you are so so strong. I admire you both and the relationship that you share. 💕
My church in Tinton falls N.J is  praying for you!
oh Bec you look so beautiful
Message for Eamon : Dude, why haven't you shaved??? This is part of the companionship, even if Bec says not to do it, just do it !!!!
Eamon and Bec you both an inspiration to us all. Giving you both all the love you deserve ❤️
I subscribed because I love Kara & Nate's blog, and fell in love with yours after they talked so much about you guys. I watched your hair loss journey today as I sit in the ICU waiting room, wondering if my 82 yr old Daddy is ever coming back to us. I am at peace whatever the outcome, because Jesus Christ is his Savior, and he will either enjoy Eternity with God very soon, or will stay with us in whatever health state he's in, so we can enjoy his life here on Earth. I wish you the very best recovery and continued life here too ❤
Bec you seriously look great in all hair styles. You are beautiful <3 Stay strong girl.
Sending you love 💘
You're so strong and powerful ❤ You have a superb partner ❤️
How is bec doing
You could a name the wig Journey because of the story it will have behind it, also cause you guys love to travel around. ps love how strong both of you are!! 💕
Bec you are truly beautiful! Love and prayers for both of you from Michigan!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Amazing video!  You are both so strong 💪 All our love 💕
🥰
i just wanna make it v clear that Bec is SO strong and that y'all deserve the world
Sending you the best vibes and love from our family to yours! 🥰
Bec you look wonderful. Your perfect🤩🤩🤩
Eamon I think you should shave yours and let both of you grow your hair back together btw beck you still look beautifull with no hair
Your soul makes you beautiful Bec! You two are so strong and such an amazing couple. Your story, while difficult, is such inspiration for so many going through similar situations. Thank you for sharing this part of you. Much love from Ottawa.
I CRAVE a relationship as healthy as yall's. Truly goals.
You two make my heart smile!  Keep the faith!  Embrace the love!  God Bless, God Speed!  Hugs!
Keep you guys in my prayers. Love you much. 🙏🌹👏🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
Beautiful story telling. Thank you for sharing your journey. I stumbled on one of your videos searching for a recipe 🤣 Eamon did his freestyle Friday intro and scraped the board with his knife, and the girl holding the camera was just laughing at everything he did..just absolute adoration for you Eamon. I have watched every video since ❤ I just love the two of you. Sending so much strength and healing. What a power couple!
Sending you all the support and love 💕💕💕
You can get a silk pillow to help the pain 😁😁
Bec you are so strong and so beautiful!! Seeing you go on this journey brings back memories of my own hair loss due to chemo. Sadly I’ll be going through chemo again here in a few days so I’ll be losing my hair all over again but seeing you and your strength is going to help me through my journey again. Thank you for being you and and sharing such an intimate part of your life with us! You got this warrior! Bald is absolutely beautiful and so powerful! Love ya girl!
Wow Bec with that hat on, it’s like you never cut off your hair
I’m so very sorry that you are going through this! This is my first time commenting, I think.I’ve bee following you guys since I was homeless. I lost it all—custody of my children, my perception of myself and my place in this world. I was so mad at the world. Then I saw you guys and your sweet personality just made me feel like I’ve known you forever.   You and Eamon made me feel so hopeful about humanity, and the gentleness of love.   My mom is also a breast cancer survivor as well and is doing well three years later at 73! Praise God!!!  Jesus loves you guys so much! Turn to him. May our Heavenly Father heal all your cancer and cause it to shrink as though it never happened. May Becca be restored fully and completely, in Jesus’ almighty name, Amen!   God bless you and you will be in my prayers!
I started watching you a few months ago via Kara and Nate and have been obsessed with you both ever since.  I just wanna say that you are so beloved. God give you strength 🙏🏾❤️🙅🏽‍♀️🇬🇧
You guys are AMAZING! Your positive attitude is truly inspirational! 🥰 much love!
Thank you so much for this video! You really do look gorgeous. You’re such a beautiful person inside and out! I was recently diagnosed with Bladder Cancer at 46 years old and your hair journey is EXACTLY the hair journey I’m going through, EXACTLY!!!!! I never realized how attached to my long blonde hair I was until it started falling out in the same exact fashion as yours. I’m at the stage of hating the shower because I’m trying to hold onto it as long as I can and all this time I felt like why am I making such a big deal over hair but not until you go through something like this do you realize how much your hair feels like it’s almost 100% your identity. And cancer seems to take so much already!!! Anyways, thank you for the video. I can’t imagine how hard it was to vlog such a personal experience but just watching you has given me the strength to embrace what I’m going through and will be shaving me head in the next day or so! God Bless you and Eamon!! You got this, we got this!!!!! 💗🙏
Hi Bec. I found your page last year for the first time when I was going through some health struggles myself. You and Eamon brought me so much joy at a time when I had very little joy in my own life. While I was at home trying to recover, I "travelled" with you to many places in the van and fell in love with the lifestyle and your spirits. Thank you so much for providing an escape for me during such a hard time. I hope that you find your own escape during these months and that you can find as much joy possible. Sending you all the love and prayers from Manitoba. I know you'll get through this and you'll be SO much stronger for it. PS You're BEAUTIFUL with or without hair.
Satin/silk for your head
Maybe try satin pillow cases or head wraps for the sensitivity
i love that hair style on you
It's traumatic. I remember when I could no longer deal with my long hair due to severe migraines and got a wedge cut. I've since gone to what they call "the brush cut" and I've been cutting it super short since then. When it gets too long my head starts getting hot and it's time for a trim. One plus is I haven't needed a hair dresser for cuts. I use a clippers with snap on end for length. You might actually like wearing it short when it grows back. Wishing you all the best with your treatment and recovery - 🙏🙏🙏
BEC - YOU ARE STRONG! YOU ARE COURAGEOUS! YOU ARE AMAZING! YOU ARE ENOUGH! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! YOU ARE WONDERFUL! 💛 AND DID I MENTION HOW BEAUTIFULLY STRONG YOU ARE!  YOU HAVE A TRIBE OF FRIENDS HERE THAT WILL HOLD YOU UP WHEN YOU NEED IT.  When I look at you I see Kindness, Strength and you’re a total Rockstar! ⭐️ Btw, Eamon you are a Rockstar too! Your love for Bec shines through in every moment!💖  Sending all my love, hugs, prayers, and good vibes 😎❤️
Your beautiful smile and positivity is truly an inspiration and I know you have the strength and love to defeat this disease.God bless you both.💚
Sending so much love and support. Love you guys so much.
Bec, you look AMAZING!!!!! Much love to you both and stay strong!! You rock<3
I love Bec's new look! 😍  You are beautiful!
My mum lost all her hair when she went through radiotherapy many years ago.    It grew back so soft.    Stay Strong Eamon and Bec   This too will pass.   All the Best.
Omg, the more you shave off the freaking hotter you look! Dont cry honey, you actually look really sexy with a shaved head. So does my ex..... i guess i got a thing for it. My face is too fat for a shaved head... but you look beautiful!! Embrace each step of the journey honey. It just makes you just a little stronger each step you take. You can do it< from the water boy movoe)
You look ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL bald!!!  I don't agree with being bald = sickness!! Men shave their heads for easy  no hassle hairdos... I would ABSOLUTELY shave my head if I looked as BEAUTIFUL as you do!! Embrace the baldness beauty, shave your head in support Eamon!!!
The healthy and cheap alternative to chemo that doctors will not suggest since they want your $$$, but will admit it's true if asked... simply vitamin C injections works identically to chemo minus all side effects of chemo and it's cheap! It must be done by a doctor injected into a vein in high doses. Simply taking pills won't work  Could of kept your hair and not feel like crap.
You should get silk pillow sheets it feels good on your head when you sleep
You two are awesome! Two time cancer survivor here, once 23 and at 37, I’m 62 now!👍 Bec, you have this and are beautiful and can pull anything off!! 🙏🏻 from your biggest fan  in STL!🤙
you two are both absolutely inspiring! I love the way you two take on life and all it's challenges 💗
Sending you prayers and love.  Admire your courage as you take us on this journey with you.  You inspire us all!
bec, i just want to give you a huge hug. i'm so proud of you for listening to yourself and handling the emotions as they come throughout this process. you show yourself so much compassion in each stage, which i know isn't an easy thing to do. the love you and eamon have for each other and the care and support he shows you through every single thing is so beautiful. i wish you both love, peace, and serenity. thank you for sharing these raw and vulnerable moments with us, and please remember that you're not obligated to share anything you aren't comfortable with or that feels too big to let us in on. we love and support you either way and my thoughts are with y'all so so often
Bec, your strength is so God Damn beautiful!! Eamon, you’re a legend mate, the man of all men. Think of you both often ❤️
Praying for bec
Love you guys lots. So inspiring
❤❤❤❤
I know it’s hard to loose your hair. I had to experience the same with a chemo med. I had to take for an autoimmune illness and I believe most Women identify with their hair and I just wanted to say you look beautiful with or without your hair it’s your personality that shines thru. You have a great personality and motivate me always thanks so much for being you and I’ll continue to send prayers your way.
You have undoubtedly asked your self why me? I'm young healthy I live a clean loving life why would this happen to me? Right? I'll ask you to consider the possibility that you were chosen for this fight. We absolutely have the ability to heal ourselves thru love and pure intentions. You both have old souls and this isn't your first go around. Seems crazy to think this but Bec you volunteered for this you knew before you manifested into this world what you took on. Why would I do that you ask, because your part of the expansion a shift in consciousness and your job right now is to heal yourself and share it with your viewers. I know you don't know me and have no reason to believe me but I speak the truth. Now move forward without fear so we can see your light shine! Sending Love understanding and healing your way! 🙏
Hi guys, I have been following and watching your videos ever since i discovered your channel years ago, but I think this is the first time I ever comment. (Sorry, English is not my first language). Tbh, I have been skipping this one because I felt like I will cry the whole time if I watch this video. And tonight, I finally did. And yes, I am crying right now. Keep on being the great partner that you are to Bec, Eamon. You are simply amazing. To Bec, I admire you for being so strong and at the same time showing your true feelings about all this. I am praying for your healing. -From Philippines with ♥️.
You are the most inspiring and positive people I have ever seen. I have been following you for the last 2 years and I actually love you guys. Sending you strength from Morocco.
Bec your freckles are beautiful!! I would recomend a silk pillow case, it's really good for sensitive skin
OOOHHHH the tears I cried with you baby cakes. Bec you’re amazing and full of light. 🙌🏼☀️ Your strength is motivating
Love your strength and positivity in embracing the journey! It’s wonderful that you’re empowering yourself by taking control of what you can. Love the shelves in the bedroom and the idea of making a wig from your own and Eamon’s hair! So cool! I put off watching this for a week as I went through this with my mom and I knew it would be emotional. Hugs to both of you❤️
Bec~You are strong and beautiful! Eamon~being a caregiver, I learned that most see the person in the wheelchair but not the one pushing it. Both~one day at a time and know how much y'all are loved.
Bec, if no one's said it you look like Demi Moore in GI Jane. You're gorgeous, stay strong
Sending Love and Prayers for you guys. You are so brave Bec! Lxox
Hair is hair. There is more important your health. Eamon could you stop staying bullshit.
Love you guys so much❤️
You will get through this,  my prayers are with you, thank God for Eamon awesome guy
You know this means the chemo treatments are kicking in. Your amazing keep going
Inspirational and so beautiful ✨
you really can pull off the shaved look, I like it so much!
Bec you look great, Eamon, I've been there dude, you will have your days also, it's tough to always be postive,  make sure your talking to people also ✌️
Both of your positivity on this journey has been so inspiring! You make me realise the beauty and positivity in my day. Thank you for that gift! You're killing it bald too!!
Dear Bec and Eamon, I sobbed my way through this video. You are both so brave to show what happens in chemotherapy. My sister died in 2020 of metastatic breast cancer. She was not a youtuber. She did not document her hair loss process. She had very beautiful long, thick dark blond hair. As I watched your process I felt like I was seeing for the first time what it was like for her. She told me about it. Her husband also helped her to deal with getting shaved for the first time. You will help so many women and families go through the process. I am very grateful that you shared this. It has actually helped me deal with some of the grief I still have about losing her. Thank-you for sharing and you are in our prayers. Jana
Bec, your positive attitude towards life it's just absolutely inspiring.💕 I think it's perfectly normal to grieve the loss of your hair, it's something that most of us women are so attached to. But you should know you're rocking any hairstyle you're trying, and that's because you're so beautiful inside and out. And like someone else was saying in the comments, you could def pull a Charlize Theron (Mad Max). With or without hair, you're glowing!💖 Keep pushing through, you guys can do this! Eamon, what an incredible supportive partner you are.
Love u guys two really strong people that I inspire to be I love your guys beautiful vibes
You are beautiful 🥰
you realy look good on bold, i think how your husband look bold now!
I wish you both the very best. May the roads rise to meet you.
Just a wig name idea- Hope -
My aunt, who I consider my second mom, went through breast cancer a few years ago and I remember the very first time I saw her withiut her wig, I thought she looked so so beautiful and I remember that later my mom told me she had asked her (my aunt is my mom's baby sister) if I said anything about it or if it had shocked me and I felt so bad that she had worried about something like that. She thankfully beat cancer's ass and has very long healthy hear again... I believe that beautiful souls look beautiful in every state, a sunny smile and sparkling eyes are always there even the hair is not. <3 Thank you for sharing your journey, I'm sending my prayers to you, pretty Bec <3
Bec, sending you love and healing 🥰
My son was birn with the same thing on his head n i never new what it was til now and hes 18 now but hes very self conscious about it. I use to worry about it to. He wont have short hair cuz if it. Ill show him this video.  Thanks n god bless u and sending healing feelings ur way.
Your such a strong person and your lucky  to be do beautiful with hair and without. I cried with you and you need to let your feelings out, Eamon is such a great support for you, and you two are so lucky  to have each other.  I lost my kidney to cancer last year, it was so scary especially not having any one with me at the hospital was hard too. I know you guys will be OK, so much love between you both. You are in my prayers 🙏 ❤
Can we just appreciate how amazing Eamon is? And how supportive he is, and loves Bec no matter what.
💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Amazing shares...we are truly deeply honored to be your allies and to be witnesses to your pain, grief, joy, humour, courage, love... and the intensity of this journey. Thankyou. Never ever be insecure Bec through doubt about your beauty. It IS your essence that we love.
how pretty is bec wow
Sending you so many prayers Bec I love you 💕💕
Eamon absolutely is 100% right bec u r beautiful on the inside and out he is your soul mate which haven't seen . n year bless y'all and love your new plant 🐒😘
Bec u are inspiring and amazing and eammon u are inspiring
Bec, You are such a beautiful soul inside and out. With or without hair ☀️ you can rock any look. I found myself crying with you a few times in this vlog. I’ve been subscribed for a couple years now because I love the idea of van life, even if just for a bit, and I hope some day I’m able to do it. Over the years I have come to really enjoy all your videos and how real you and Eamon are. Stay strong beautiful.
she seriously looks so cool with the shaved head!!
Eamon, your hair has to go too!!!
She looks amazing I know that this wasn’t her ideal hairstyle but I’m confident that she’ll beat cancer.
The love you and Eamon have for each other is just so beautiful! Sending you so much love and strength! You're both amazing!! :)
you guys are so inspirational! and bec looks amazing with her hair!
Bec is seriously STUNNING without hair!! Like hotter than Demi Moore when she shaved her head. 🔥🔥 you go get it, gurl!!
Sending all the love and sunshine your way. Prayers and good vibes.
Omg, just saw you guys splashing around with Riley & Elayna and was like, hey!...have been watching these two cute Canadians trekking around in their van since they started selling tea! You are absolutely stunningly beautiful inside and out and in every hairstyle! Much love to you both as you kick ass through this!  ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Bec you are the most powerful woman I know right now. You are so strong and we are all very proud of you for that. You are the most beautiful and kind soul! Keep up the positivity! You can get through anything!
God bless you guys. Much love and best wishes from the community
Foster
Because when my mom got sick they told us she would loose all her hair with t he chemo so we cut it short like you did. But she never lost anymore. A strand here or there.i wish you all the best this world has to offer and hang In there. You and Emmon are in my prayers and thoughts . Good vibes
Hang in there you two and Bec you are beautiful inside and out.
I do not know if you saw my suggestion, weeks ago, to cut your hair, and make a wig out of it, but you did do it! So glad you are doing as well as you are! God Bless!
Bec’s a babe and a badass! It’s truly beautiful to watch you both interact..that love is shining through!
I'm really moved by your story. You taking us through your journey even with all the emotions is wonderful. And I plan on shaving my head in solidarity to you so you know your not the only one walking around without hair. #standuptobreastcancer
Bec, you look so absolutely beautiful and free! You make me want to shave my head! Sending you and Eamon so much love! 💞✨
I think you should name the wig Angela also Bec you will get through this you are amazing.
You literally look amazing! Like you’re face is just glowing
Your beautiful either way  Never give up
You ARE beautiful!!!! Love you Bec Love you Eamon Am sending you my best premium squishy hug! Love you Bec Love you Eamon
How brave you two are.
Love and prayers
You are a beautiful baldie. ❤️😘🌹
you look hot bald! some people just have the right shaped head for it. you most def do. spunky face doesnt' hurt either :-)
Bec you are so strong, you look absolutely beautiful. We are here with you. So much love xxxx
You are a brave and wonderful person Bec glad you have a partner like Eamon by your side to support you through  chemotherapy and every step to be breast cancer free. I know the feeling of having to shave your hair completely off and the process to get cancer free. At  8 years old i was diagnosed with leukemia i was so scared having to go to school and have the other kids look at my bald head it was really hard. I was blessed to have such a supportive family at that time in my life. Prayers and best wishes to you and Eamon
God bless y’all praying for a speedy recovery 😊
WE LOVE YOUUUUU!!! bec you are GORGEOUS because it's all through your heart and soul. eamon, you're an incredible support and together you're both just phenomenal!
WOW!! making me want to shave my head, it looks so good!! -Vanessa
Bec you look pretty no matter what just think it will all grow back and you will always be you without your hair and we are all here for you
Hey Bec and Eamon - Just wanted to say how moving I found this video.  I went through the same thing last year but with surgery and radio therapy.  I too found losing my hair traumatic but it was amazing how once my head was shaved, I felt so much better.  I loved my dome and didn't give a rats arse who saw me.  I think you look amazing both with and without hair and tbh, without the hair, I can see exactly how beautiful you are.  I am sending you lots of love and my only advice would be to not pretend to be sad/sick/scared etc but just let it be.  Much aroha (love) to you both from NZ x
Can we all take a minute how amazing Eamon is as a partner and how Beautiful Bec is no mater what
You guys are just amazing 👏  Eamon, you are just such an amazing partner. Big up to you. Bec, you are such a strong lady. I got so sad watching this vid. I wish you all the best and super recovery. Lots of love ❤️
You have a beautiful head shape Bec, embrace the bald!! My cousin went through leukaemia as a child and then brain tumours as a teenager so I witnessed her through many stages of hair loss as well. I shaved my own head when I was about 19 to raise money for cancer research. I loved having such short hair, it was so easy to wash etc & felt so cool. I would actually recommend all women try it out sometime because it feels amazing!!
Bec I can't get over how good you look with and without hair, it's incredible. You're beautiful!!
Dear Eamon & Bec, you are absolute Champions of Life.
You are doing such an amazing job Bec. Your such an incredibly strong woman. You are smashing this even on your hardest days. Sending you love and light. Eamon dont ever change who you are. Your such an amazing partner and team for Bec right now. The relasionship you have most people dream of. From a nurse to you both your amazing. You've got this!
You look like the bad ass that you are. You are so brave ❤️ It would be hard for you to not look beautiful. You don't have to try at all. You're beautiful inside and out. I'm so glad you have each other. Y'all are perfect. Continued prayers for you both. Much love from Oklahoma  ❤️❤️❤️
I've seen bald people a lot and I don't think they sick...they look sexy...be strong and don't give up..keep on fighting!!!
Sending lots of love and healing prayers to you Bec. You look amazing! Eamon, what a fantastic, supportive partner you are. True love is loving unconditionally through all of life’s journey ❣️xx
You have a very nice shaped head so even with your head shaved, you still look beautiful!
How about Punz for your new locks….short for Rapunzel.
Bec  you look soooo beautiful each way. I can't decide which look, fring, bob, shaved, bald, .I like the most! Not even kidding!
Everyone needs an Eamon in their life♥️ and Bec too of course.
I doubt this comment will be seen by Bec. However, I wanted to say you are amazing! Eamon you are also amazing! As a survivor myself of rectal and cervical cancer, I wanted to add lemon helps with the nausea. After chemo I got a metallic taste followed by heavy nausea and my oncologist suggested lemon, raw, frozen, juice, a wedge, and even lemon heads!  You’re doing an amazing job!! Sending all positive and healing vibes!! ❤️♥️
Silver lining, trying a whole bunch of different things with hair that long hair girls typically would never do! I've always been a little envious of the girls that will try anything with their hair. Rainbow colors,Bob it, shave it...I've always wondered what the surface of my head looks like.
you look GORGOUS!!!! Eamon is such an angel I only want a boyfriend that shouts  "I'm not just saying that I think its really rad" while I shaved my head! such a powerful thing to film, and you'll always be able to look back on it xxx
Watching you from Greece. Sending you positive energy. You've got this! 💪💪
Bec! T’es BELLE! Tellement BELLE! You’re stunning with a shaved head. 🥰😍😘
Eamon is just amazing and so are you Bec sending you loads of healing energy
You're brave and beautiful and I feel honored to witness your vulnerability.
Keep it up sweetie.  Eamon is a keeper and the wig looks great.  But the shaved look is very bad ass.
Gosh what a moving, beautiful video. I love how you share both your vulnerability and strength and what shines through the strongest is the love you have for each other. Eamon is the most supportive and encouraging partner you could wish for, what a guy! Bec you are doing so well, I can relate to what you're going through as have breast cancer myself and lost all my hair in 2020. The process of losing hair, going through all the different stages is so upsetting and you documented it beautifully in this video. Good choice not to cold cap I reckon as I tried it and it didn't work, just gave me these awful headaches from basically having a freezer on your head!! I love the fun you're having trying out different wigs! I wonder how your hair will grow back after, my hair grew back with these amazing curls that I still have and I love it! By the way you look amazing with a shaved head and loved the bob look too! So pleased to have discovered your channel, wishing you both the very best, you're doing great ❤️
Thank you for being so open and sharing your journey. You look beautiful with no hair !  Love how you support each other !
Eamon, you have a beautiful heart and soul. God bless you.
You are a brave warrior. Stay positive and find your joy in the little things.
U have a gorgeous face..... the rest is just window dressing.. we love you
I got a name for your wig that going to be made from your and Eamon’s hair: The love wig
You are a beautiful lady. My very best wishes to you both.
WOW  The bald head looks amazing!!!! GOD BLESS YOU
You two are so beautiful together and individually.  Thank you for being so brave and sharing this difficult detour in your life with us.  Stay strong and know that you have over 1 million people now wishing you well, praying for you and sending you all our 💘 and positive energy.
I've watched you guys with Nate and Kara. Loved both of you all  Finally  subscribed.
You look good with hair or without hair it's okay 👍👍👍👍👍👍
I'm stopping at 20 min as you get your head shaved as I'm crying with you.  I also identify with my hair, and I'm not nearly as gorgeous head as you have...I have a "five head" instead of a forehead and giant ears my loving grandma gave me. I watched my husband go through much of what you are going through. Thankfully he's 4 years in remission. If the role was reversed I'm not sure how things would go.  I see how wonderfully Eamon cooks for you💙 Cheers you on.  I appreciate the raw truth I had no one to share with...  And I see and hear you both.
Bec you can do this an we believe that you can get cancer free. And amen it looks like you did an amazing job comforting Bec you both are doing an amazing job going through this amazing job.
You look beautiful, I understand the feelings you are having.  My hair was down to my butt before chemo.  I didn't save the hair for a wig, I cut it off in 3 visits to the hair person to minimize the shock.  I finally had it about same short cut as yours when I started chemo, I remember when it was coming out by the hand full and looking in the mirror and crying, I pulled it all out, I didn't want to clog the drain and after that shower there was one stubborn patch in the front that was still there, so I cut it with scissors. I have kept my hair short since the treatment's,  I am actually thinking about shaving my head. You are beautiful with and without hair.  Sending you lots of love, light and healing energy as you go through this journey. Losing the long hair that I had for decades was a shock yes, but it grows back.
Bec you are super strong! Your hair never made you beautiful...YOU made your hair beautiful! When my sister started chemotherapy in 2003 she called me and cried in the bathroom.  We decided to take control of the hair loss and her personal narrative. She shaved it off, put on her lipstick 💄, earrings, and showed her beauty from the inside out! She has wigs too...and cancer free 9 years. You look beautiful and Eamon...you rock. Keep close, let love flow, you will Rapunzel soon!!!
You as a couple are unstoppable. Creeds  to you Bothe and 8 saw your sister in the background not to mention your mum. Wishing you all the best and beat this BITCH called C.... Love from Cape Town!!!
Eamon is amazing. It must be so hard to keep strong for the other. Breast cancer out of all the cancers is one that people live with. I know it must not feel like it, but you're lucky Bec. Everything will be ok.
This is so beautiful to watch. Thank you so much for sharing your journey and story with us! The good, the bad, Everything in between!🤍
No one care about hair you can grow it back you are the strongest woman iv ever seen stay strong
This video just poped on my feed, an I just wanted to tell you that you're beautiful and very brave. It reminds me of my twin sister story.💖 My twin sister had breast cancer last year, and she just finished this whole journey 2 months ago, fully healed an feeling great. she is a red head, so you can imagine how hard it was for her to lose her hair. Her hair is growing back healthy and beautiful as she is now.  I hope you'll have a quick an full recovery, and  thank you for inspiring other people with opening up about this💕
❤ Sending love your way ❤
Hope you get better as fast as possible stay strong
You have both got this  ...Love from UK XX
Ok, I have to say .. you really ROCK the bald head!!  No, I mean it. You have the perfect shaped head for it 😊👍❤
You are rocking it girl! Keep up the positivity. Love to you and positive vibes as always xx
I know this is just an opinion in the sea of comments but this woman is actually so gorgeous, luminous, and wonderful that hair doesn't matter AT ALL.  I even find that without hair her smile and beautiful face are just more obvious and it's suits her perfectly 🥰. I send you a lot of Love and courage from France, I'm here with you and wish that you'll feel better soon 🙏🏼☀️ ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, hang in there you’re doing fantastic and you look great! I agree with Eamon, you do pull it off amazingly.   For the wig name, maybe Lucero ...it means light :) stay positive, blessings and prayers!
Sending love ❤
❤️
You are beautiful with or without hair Bec! You are included in my prayers 🙏🙏🙏 stay strong!
Your the most strongest most beautiful person ever, stay strong and know we love you for you. You’ll get through this. Sending much love to you guys 🌸
1 million percent here for Eamon being Bec's cheerleader through this whole experience. You both are doing an amazing job moving through life.
Watching this from the outside is a trip... after having gone through something similar (and watching your videos to distract me while sick and in hospital so thank you!). Thank you for sharing this story, and remember one day you WILL be past this and looking back and saying to yourself, I got through it and I'm strong as fuck. Also fuck cancer, it sucks and it can fuck right off. Love.
This channel is so underrated. ☀️☀️☀️
wow you are beautiful! Long, short, no hair, you are gorgeous. I'm serious ❤
Bec, you look amazing!! You're both so strong for sharing this, and Eamon you're so supportive, it's really inspiring!
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh .it should be named buddy
Oh That was very cold Place!
You were beautiful with hair but you have a beautiful head and you look even more beautiful. My prayers are with you.
I’ve always heard that “hair does not define (us)”. OWN IT GURL! You ARE beautiful.  I love you guys. 💕
Sending prayer to you.
you guys really are so special to watch, ive recently subscribed after watching you on lavagabond's channel and your positivity and kindness and approach to life is so amazing to see. You are both stunning inside and out
You are Amazing!! Both of you. Its beautiful to see you guys and thank you for sharing this part of your lives! ❤️
Bec, hope you and Eamon are doing well. Praying for strength, stamina & healing🙏🏻🙏🏻💕💕
The bob was adorable omg
Bec, I know you can get through this situation with Eamon. And Alone I am struggling to start in going through the same thing, but a different area. I’ve got the “C” word in a possible pre stage on Friday and its scary and puts me in a downward spiral. But I’m trying to fight, yet fearing that the battle is already lost for me. But there is one positive thought and to me it’s funny. If I’m given meds and makes my hair fall out, I got a few wigs on stand by, which were for my Halloween costumes (2 are long curly black, 1 is short blond).
You guys inspire my courage and capacity for love and faith. Sending love ❤️
Get well bec. What a Beautiful head
One day I hope I can be an Eamon to someone else. He's such a great support for you, especially right now. I love you guys ❤️
The way Eamon loves and supports you brings tears to my eyes 😭
❤️
There are some people in life that looks great with every single thing they try with their hair. Bec is one of those people. The bald head? looks fucking rad. ✨
name your wig Samantha
All the love to you ❤️❤️
I’m so in love with the two of you. Showing this realness of challenges and how you both are dealing, being so open and vulnerable is a magic super power. Changing life’s for the better by being you, how beautiful is that. So much love for you, being so incredibly brave together and parallel partnering through this journey 🤍
Oh my goodness, I am truly not one to comment much but WOW!! You guys are so inspirational, from Becs strength and Eamons  support and how he keeps assuring her that it’s ok and she looks beautiful is truly touching!! But the part that did it was Bec asking him if he was ok!! You guys are AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🥰🥰🥰
Feel better soon! You CAN do it.
Hey Bec &Eamon! Eamon, you've got Chris Cornell vibes happening there :D Bec, thinking of you daily. You are one badass and of course you can pull off being bald, you are exceptionally beautiful. Much Love to the both of you ❤️❤️
Guys this is one of the most beautiful videos I've ever watched and can only hope to have half the strength and grace of beck xxxx
Bec u r a amazing soul!! U r beautiful!!
I sat and cried with you today. Praying for you guys.
You look so cool bec omg ur so strong love you
Little tip is to put a bit of conseler on the paring of the wig to make it look even more real btw well done your so strong 😇🥰
Omg ur short hair reminds me of kristen
Everyone has already said everything amazing, I just wanted to say the shaved look is badass.
What Yoga app do you use?
Mi se rupe inima cand te văd cat suferi. ..te iubim mult si suntem langa tine
Embrace your G.I. JANE now.
I'm astounded by your partnership.
Tears ....just proud of you...
I cried so much. Bless you, Bec !  I know you will beat cancer
You are both so amazing to be sharing such a emotional time for you both . Bec you look beautiful with and without hair . It’s because your so so very pretty . We are sending gentle hugs to you both and your in our prays and thought 🥰
Watching this brings back so many sad memories ... I so terribly miss my mom. You guys have to beat this.
I cried while watching this. Bec you’re so beautiful, you’re such an inspiration. Stay strong ❤️
Bec…. My son has stage 4 appendix cancer. He has gone through two separate rounds of chemo & two separate surgeries & is now resting for three months. His tumor is currently considerably smaller & for that we are so grateful.  Bec YOU ARE GOING TO BE OK!!! We love you & please believe that you are going to be ok!!! You are beautiful as always!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏
Everyone deserves a partner like Eamon is to Bec. Loving, supportive, funny, sweet, kind and whose face lights up everytime they see you. Not to mention who sees the best in you even when you don't see it in yourself or feel that you are at your best. ❤️
You look unreal!! Your beauty inside and out truly does radiate through the screen Bec. Sending so much love - we are all behind you both ❤️
Hi Eamon and Bec I hv been following you both for over 2 years now. Thank you for letting us into your life while you are taking this  personal journey to together. Bec I watched this today with tears but also with a few laughs and smiles. My Aunt also had breast cancer and it reminded me so much of her hair loss and the journey we all took together with her and there to was tears, but all so lots of laughter. Stay strong and just keep being you  Lots of love from Australia xxx
me too! i think your face is cute anyhow so any hairstyle fits you. Now you look like Sinead o Connor. You are both strong. I wish you fast recovery <3
<3
Sending you both lots of love and wishes from your second home (Morocco) hang in there Becs your amazing and so is Eamon xxxx
Amazing to have someone by your side going through this, so wishing I did when I lost my hair(my hair was past my waist)and even from the beginning of my cancer diagnosis. She’s one blessed woman🙏🏼😌
Emilia sounds like a good wig name…. Sending y’all love ❤️
YOUR BEAUTIFUL I LIKE THIS FASHION
Bec! You’re amazing & so strong! And Eamon you’re such an amazing partner to her. It’s beautiful and inspiring to watch🥺
Bless you both and glad you have Oso too. He is part of the pack. xoxox
hey couple we all die dont worry we will go :)
Bec, I have to say “forget the long hair “ you look stunning with the bob. You look stunning bald. You just look stunning and ain’t it so easy with no hair lol. I’ve been through it and I know I’m a bloke but these days I just have a short haircut and it’s great.  Sending my love to you both. 🤗🤗🤗
Bec, I pray that you are doing well with your treatments.  While quite traumatic on the psyche, the hair loss will hopefully be short term.  It's so good that you have Eamon to share this journey with you.  I did it alone!!  I decided very early on to cut my really long thick hair into a short afro, then one day I noticed how dry and lifeless the remaining hair was and literally plucked it out by the handful.    What I did throughout my treatments was shampoo, condition and oil my scalp as I did when I had a head full of hair.  It's been nearly five years and my hair is growing back.  However, it's so soft and not nearly as thick as it once was.  But, I am grateful for the new head of hair and most of all LIFE!!!    Try to remain positive.  Praying for your complete healing.  Many blessings.
serious rockstar!! I know you guys said the doctor that is a breast cancer survivor is a badass. But honestly Bec is a Badass and will kick this thing!! :)
Hair is secondary......life is primary....p.s. You're still a beautiful lady
I've always been so amazed by your strength in all of the things you've been through over the years. You are an amazing human with an amazing partner and you will beat this shit! Also...if resilient had a photo...it would be you! :)
Bec, you are truly inspirational. I've been following you guys since 2019 and went through the majority of your content during a really difficult time in my life. I can't tell you what your vulnerability and honesty means to me. I have always admired your determination to see the best in all situations, but it is so powerfully apparent in your most recent content. You are so beautifully human, strong, special and candid. Thank you for being so perfectly you. I am sending you all the love and healing I can muster <3 Eamon, it has been incredibly sweet to witness your support throughout both your most difficult and fun times on camera. Thank you for being so endearing and eager to share these parts of your life with us. You have both had a significant impact in my life and I wish I could convey even a portion of that in return.  All that to say that you're both simply amazing. I'm so happy you're surrounded by support in such a beautiful home that was built with both love and intention. I have the utmost faith and hope, and also know beyond a shadow of a doubt that Lee is your BIGGEST cheerleader right about now! Wishing you both so much love & happiness!!!!
Bec you are so adorable with a shaved head! Also I have a mole on my head too!! 🤗
Bec your so so beautiful inside an out, your going through so much and you still stop to ask how Eamon how he really is 🥰 and Eamon your the most supportive partner you two are a power couple love you both so much
What a sweet gal in thanking your partner after he shaved your hair. Whow can’t wait for this wedding. Pure love.
Hey I came across your video  tonight and to be honest this evening i was feeling extremely suicidal..I've been struggling with my mental health  ... but seeing you fight for your health and still have love for one another warms my heart 💗 I'm in Kingston and was in the phyc ward here twice during covid...anyways thank you for being vulnerable...thank you for sharing your story...and thank you for fighting...💚✌️ it inspired me to keep going
You look amazing bec!!!!! Soooo soooo beautiful❤️❤️❤️❤️
Every woman who’s going through the same thing feels the same way as you do sweetie take it one day at a time, everything’s going to be ok. you can have your dermatologist remove your mole super simple. Hugs sweetie.
Love you guys so much, I keep you two in my thoughts and prayers your strength and optimism is incredibly inspiring . Beck, your beauty is breathtaking, when you smile nothing else matters. Amon is a true partner, thank you on behalf of all women for the man that you are. Keep kicking ASS!!!!
That’s the good thing having a cute feminine face. You don’t need hair to look sexy ! I love it 😍
Where you ever on oral contraception? This is linked to breast Cancer.
Great decision about the cold cap, Bob looks amazing on you!
Why did I start crying too 😭😭😭
AWW this hurts my heart! I am so sorry 😢 that u are goin through this. I hope you get better and stay safe and healthy
Bec, you are a legend. It's just amazing how strong and beautiful you are for sharing this most difficult journey. I hope you don't feel burdened by the filming but maybe it is therapeutic in its own way. I survived 2 battles with cancer and I never had anywhere near the strength that you show us. This journey is all about you - cry when you have to, break things to release the anger, lean on the good people you have in your life. Whatever you need to do, do it. I'll keep watching as long as you keep posting but please don't do it for us. Do it for you.  Good job, Eamon. I know how extremely hard it is to have no control over it. My wife went through hell both times but she always realized it wasn't about her. I could tell it was difficult for her. Bec, know this, accept this, don't dwell on it, and don't try to make it easier for Eamon by sacrificing yourself. You have an important job to do that will take all the resources you have and then some of the resources you never even knew you had. Have faith, trust the process, know that the journey will end and you will join the family of cancer survivors. We send our strength and well wishes. You don't know me. We've never met. I hope I don't come across as preachy. Every cancer journey is different. I'm sorry you have to take this journey and I can't wait until you come out the other side. You have an amazing fan base that loves the people you are. Thank you for sharing.
Hi Guys,  Just wanted to let you know we are thinking about you two, and I hope all is going well.  We know you will beat this, you two are such beautiful souls.  Love from Australia
You are so beautifulL Bec ☺️💛 sending sooo much love to you both from mOntana
Vamooos Bec tu puedes muchas fuerzas desde España
Sweetheart you look absolutely BEAUTIFUL!  You are just an amazing couple the love you have for each other is so empowering and you are an inspiration to many.  Love you sweetheart 💗
You are both genuinely beautifull! Love and light!! 💖🕊
You look so alive without hair! That’s the first thing I’d notice bec you beauty truly RADIATES,!!!!
Wow Bec! If I ever had to go bald, I wish I could look half as good as you. You legit look like a badass 😍 Hang in there <3 I know you will make it through this. Oh, and congrats on a million!! So crazy to see you guys come so far but sooo well deserved! ❤️
❤
girl i love love ur lil hair wraps
Hi, thank you for sharing your journey with IVF, hair loss, and cancer so far. I was avoiding your videos for a bit because my sister had stomach cancer and unfortunately passed 9 months ago. She had a really aggressive and rare stomach cancer that made her really sick 100% of the time. She did IVF before starting treatment too and a lot of her journey I wasn’t there for. It’s nice to see your journey with IVF, hair loss, and starting treatment because I didn’t get to have those conversations with my sister or be with her and didn’t get to see what she went through. It was before there was a vaccine for covid so her husband and her had to go without support in order to protect her. Seeing your experience is helping me heal and process my sister’s journey since I didn’t get to be there for her physically. Communicating over the phone or texting was also hard for her. She was just too sick to do anything the majority of the time.
Honestly I cried throughout this whole video … it was hard to watch. Bec you are so beautiful and I pray in the Name of Jesus next year looking back cancer free you’ll enjoy seeing what a warrior you truly are. Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. You guys hold a special place in my heart. I’ve watched you for years and have truly loved each and everyone of your videos. I feel like I’ve know you guys forever. Stay strong and find your strength from God… he loves you very much! Be well see you next Sunday! Xoxo
Bec, Eamon could have been your greatest partner in life, he is now rocking your wigs and styling them, you guys are an amazing team, sending you both all my love.  Be well, be safe, be healthy and most importantly, be happy.
… you have cancer… and all who once loved you abandon you. That too can happen 2nd. You are a lucky fortunate loved woman indeed. It’s not cancer that kills you in the end. We are all old enough to die the day we are born. The only time that matters is when alive.  I honestly can say I’m jealous indeed. Love… it keeps you going. Great video! I’m inspired. Lastly, your affect, temperament… so very genuine.  …a beautiful woman with or without hair.  Lean on one another for a lifetime and you will always have tomorrow.  … I know those tears.  F*cking heart breaking. Perseverance: The idea, must have you every moment of everyday.
Happy 1 Million loversSssssss!!!!  Well deserved, my son and I love your channel!  Thank you for sharing.
who gives a crap what anyone has to judge about anyones haircut preference.  you be you lovers!
Bec you look beautiful!!!❤️❤️
Me singing i got a pocket full of sunshine when you said you were singing in the shower, was close. Love your spirits keep it up, too much love and sunshine around to be kicked down! Love and payers to you guys! Your jawline is emaculate I am sure Brad Mondo be saying dammmm giiiirl get it 💣❤🥵
We love you! God bless. Always remember that Jesus Christ loves you all so much! Jesus Christ forgives all sins. Jesus Christ is God, King, and Savior! ❤️🙏
You r such a beautiful soul! U really  truly look great! Believe in ur man it's true you are beautiful 👍🙂✌️
you two warm my heart <3
Sending love and strength to you, Bec. I am feeling all the feels right along with you - thank you for sharing your journey. ❤️
you are beautiful!
Bec, dont worry about your hair.. youre beautiful and smart and strong. Bald is just for now.. this too shall pass 💙
I’ve watched you and your videos for a long time now and honestly every week the love and positivity that you two share brings me such joy. Know that we are all behind you sending you all the healing vibes and positive thoughts.
You are amazing .... thank you for sharing this with us .... 💚💙
You are beautiful Bec with or without hair and I love the way Eamon supports and loves ya through this! Thanks for sharing your journeys with us! We love you! 💖 RED
No disrespect to Eamon but bec is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen and I just freaking knew she was going to be such a babe bald.
Bec, no matter how short or long your hair is you will always be beautiful on the inside and out. We are ALL here to support you ❤️ We will keep you in our prayers.
If anyone can rock short hair, it’d you Bec! And go Eamon, you’re what a true partner should look like!
Your both so brave and inspirational 👏 sending lots of hugs 🥰
All right awesome keep it up
So grateful for your vulnerability and inclusivity. Love love love and healing <3
If you are open to a wholistic approach . You would highly recommend looking at some of the results of people that have followed Chris beat cancer protocol. And Anthony Williams detox program. You guys got this .
You look so so beautiful !!! With or without hair…I don’t care! I wish you lots of strength
Sending you much love 😊💗🙏🌅 you 2 r beautiful together n it's wonderful u have so much support. You look great ! it's what's inside is important
You two are beautiful! You are such an inspiring couple. I love you 🤍 From Italy with love
YALL need to meet Owen from Owen Video on youtube...
Bec, you look super sexy and beautifully!  You are powerful and and a hot warrior!!!!  Eamon!  brother, you are amazing!  Keep it up guys, we love you.  Thank you for sharing such intimate moments.
Me crying watching this
une belle personne comme toi ne peut que gagner contre cette maladie. L'amour qu'Eamon te porte et la solidité de votre couple ne fera que renforcer cette victoire contre le cancer.  a beautiful person like you can only win against this disease. Eamon's love for you and the strength of your couple will only strengthen this victory against cancer.
You are so much more than hair!  I have never had the pleasure if meeting you guys but feel as if I have both of you as my friends.  Your both in my prayers daily!  Hair can grow back live your life as if their is no tomorrow your still beautiful both inside and out!
I have alopecia and I can relate to your hair journey so much. I haven't had the strength to go without my wig yet, but this video has given me so many things to think about and to reframe.   Thanks for sharing and I am so amazed by your resilience, strength and positive outlook. You are amazing and together you can both rule the world! 😘
Sending love and healing prayers
You two are amazing.  My thoughts are with you.
Wow. You really suit a shaved head. I did an almost kind of buzz cut last year and nooooooo... I looked sooooo awful. You could have zero hair and look great!
You are so brave for sharing even these very hard parts of your life. Sending the most heartfelt prayers for a quick healing.
Continuously praying for you both, and for your whole family
I was crying watching
Cried too many times watching this. You're a total bad ass!💕
Bec, you are amazing and I am sad you have to go through this, both of you... and also how beautifully your sharing yourself. So many will find strength by watching your strength and vulnerability. Also, you look gorgeous bald, and with hair! ❤  many blessings and love to you both, thanks for sharing your journey 🙏❤❤❤
Bec your beautiful !!! Inside and out ❤️
🙃 maybe even five years I've been following your adventures ! Oh man I didn't hardly realize the time flying by.
So much crying happening here
Such an emotional empowering video Bec stay strong your doing sooo well sexy Sinéad O'Connor !! Just highlights your facial feature very pretty! & Eamon’s support is just inspiring those little laughs are so important your both doing soo well stay strong 💖💖💖💖
youve got this gurl xx
💞💞💞🤟
I only ever enter my 2¢  And first I'll say I love you guys Been watching and following your adventures for 3years Eamon....you absolutely need to stop referring to Becs hair as "sick"   If you can remember save that expression for when your referencing a cartwheel or or summersault....not her hair 😎
It's the only time I'll say this as it would be creepy AF at any other time but Bec... You look sexy AF!! Don't sweat it. Very Sinead O'Connor if you ask me, which is Empowering AF too.. YOU'VE GOT THIS.. Love you all
Ramon is the best partner! I have breast cancer and can relate to every moment of your story.
What a blessing for all of us who get to follow you two angels. <3
Looking 🔥❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Bec, you’re so incredibly strong. All my love to you. I’m so proud of you.
My mom had breast cancer and also lost her hair and she looked so badass just like you! She rocked it so hard and you do too!
Natural beauty has never been so evident. Beauty is not hair, it’s how wonderful you make others feel and how much you care and Bec, you have that in abundance.  Eamon, you are so strong, it’s so heart warming to see, I hope you’re getting all the support you need too
Xoxo
You guys are an example of how a couple should treat each other. So much love, patience and understanding. Two beautiful souls. You're a strong woman Bec. Everything will be okay. All is well 🙏❤
You look amazing
So punk looking! Love it
OMG 😭😭
I will send you guys so much love❤️
I starting shaving all my hair off years ago and it's definitely scary but the freedom makes up for it!   You look CUTE AS FUCK bald 😍 love you guys
💖 stay strong !
You look like you with or without hair! <3 It suits you well.
the manikin is for putting the wig on when your not wearing it :) so it dosent get tangly
your beauty is not dependent on hair! or anything material. your beauty is your energy, your kindness, your light. u don't need hair 😄 u r loved! and u will be ok and healthy! sending love
Beautiful inside and out. I have only just found your channel, but you are an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your story ❤️.
❤️
Bec you're BEAUTIFUL!!!!
I don't usually comment but I'm just so moved and impressed my bec I had to let you know. I hope the best for you on your journey ❤
Sending love to you Bec, you are absolutely stunning inside and out
Bac you are so brave and Eamon such an empathic partner!  My mum will be going through chemo soon and i wanna thank you so much for sharing your way through all that  🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
I am genuinely so proud of you!!! You are the most beautiful person!  I wish you the best journey🥰🥰🥰
May god bless you Bec! You’ll get through this soon! And you’ll be completely fine ❤️
God bless you and sending  good energy for you speedy recovery 🙏 ✨️ ✨️. Stay strong and think positive. Thoughts are the most powerful thing we all possess. Positivity
Sending positive vibes. You are doing great and you have an amazing partner.  I worked in a Breast Cancer Center in Florida and the positive attitude and the positive  vibes is what brings you to a rapid recovery.
Harriet
If it helps a couple of beautiful people with their challenges: I had it pretty bad. Surgery, radiation (baldness 1 year), chemotherapy… and today? No treatment by choice. My strategy from the beginning was to remove its power.  I told few people and when I did, I downplayed it as “something I’ll finish with sooner or later.” My buddy wanted to weep and I was visibly disappointed. I explained that I needed him to NOT BUY INTO my need for pity, but focus on my desire and ABILITY TO WIN.  Society can make small hiccups BIG by creating SO MUCH HYPE AROUND OUR PROBLEMS that the molehill becomes a mountain.  I had stage 4 at one point. Yes, it was SCARY to hear my oncologist say, with a white face, “it’s EVERYWHERE now….” I’ve been cancer-free for about 4(?) years now, and I’m just about to go in for another round of more-intrusive tests to reset my baseline.  ‘Love you both. Half the things you have done on your world adventures scare me more than cancer. P.S. you actually STILL looked quite attractive with no hair. Sinead OConnor-esque all the way. “Fuck it; work it babe.” -Franz
Stay strong Bec ❤️
Here's to Bec... you are beautiful, you are human, you are a warrior. Here's to Eamon... you are a friend, you are compassionate, you are a lover. God bless you both.
Looks like sinead o conner ....only hotter .....
You are both A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! Stay strong ❤️
You look BEAUTIFUL!  I had cancer 3 different times in my life by the time I was 25.  There were bad times, but God NEVER left me!  I am keeping you in prayer!!  Oh, I'm 66 now and have been cured for 36 years, not including the 5 years of remission.  :)  Oh, Eamon, you are such an awesome partner for Bec!  I am keeping you in prayer too!  Love you guys!
You are so amazing and strong. So much power to you❤
Still such a hottie, eh? Have you tried a silk pillow case - I have heard those help with the sensitivity while sleeping. You both are doing so well and staying so strong! Keep it up but let yourself heal!  Love you both!
Yeah I’d like to have the guts to go ahead and shave mine
Yeah I had to go all around the house and clean up all that hair Nice and fresh and clean
I've been following you both for.. my gosh.. YEARS.. years. When Bec announced her diagnosis I felt like I was hearing it from a family member. I truly care about you both so deeply and am sure the rest of your community feels the same. Am looking forward to continuing to support you both on this journey. You guys rock <3
You really do have a cute head and a nicely rounded occipital bun.
They‘ll regrow! Even though one can see that you are sick - you are on your journey of healing! And by the way: you look much prettier than I did 12 years ago (breast cancer, mastectomy, chemo). So - stay strong little sister!
Prayers for Your Journey Bec❤. Each person Journey is Different. Listen to Your Heart and Soul. Do what is best for you..I did..My body and Mind had questions. And I asked. I had my dose pulled back some.Ex.my first dose was to strong for my body.Ex.chemical X 95% and chemical Z 65%.I don't know your dose. Percentage was reduced. I am not telling anyone what to you..I am only asking You to listen to your Body and ask Questions.
For me you are stronger than G.I. JANE! Stay strong u will be fine!
I can't even imagine what you're going through.  The levels of love between you two is so refreshing.  Eamon, way to be the rock for her!  Bec, you're stronger than you think and it looks like that you're starting to realize that.  I'm pulling for you both!  Eamon, I have to ask:  Where did you get that planter?  I think I want to put that in my Airbnb!!!
you look so beautiful Bec with or without hair
Just like eamon said your beautiful all the way keep strong we are in this with you Bec
The bob does look super cute! Kinda like Dora the Explorer vibe! And it will all grow back in time.
Love to you both so much. I can’t imagine the strength you have to have to share this incredibly difficult journey with the world. Please know how appreciated you are and how blessed we all feel to have you in our lives. Love and light.
Your are an amazing strong woman and your have a great supportive partner. Well done to the both of you . My daughter in law went through this last summer she too was strong like you . When I had breast cancer loosing my hair was my biggest dread . I was lucky  that i didn’t . Seeing you and my daughter in law being so strong gives me encouragement if I should get cancer back and loose my hair the next time .to be honest you are beautiful with and without your hair . Keep staying strong and I wish you both love and best wishes for the future . X
❤️
sending so much love to both of you and oso of course, you are so strong we love you
you look fabulous with no hair so beautiful
You are so beautiful Bec!  🤩
How do you literally pull off everything and anything ????? Its unreal!  You are wonderful.
You’re such a strong person and a couple. Sending hugs to you and prayers.🙏🏼🤍
Bec, You look amazing bald! You are so inspiring and the quality of the videos sharing your journey, will help so many others who are going through a similar cancer experience.  Eamon… Dude!!! You killed it with the plant and plant pot with the glasses!!🤓 Getting a new plant for each kemo treatment is brilliant!! We are going to go out and get a new plant for our cabin and name it “Bec” in honour of you.  Wishing you both all the love ❤️ in the world! Congratulations on 1 Million subs!! For a couple who has been there from the beginning, We never doubted it for a second!  Love, Derek & Wendy
It's amazing how things turn out sometimes.  Imagine had you found the lump while living in your van far away from home.  You bought and renovated the cottage and that is where you are now.  The Universe works in mysterious ways and if we're paying attention, it all works out as it is meant to.  I'm sorry you have to go through this, especially at such a young age.  It is courageous to share your experiences with the world.  You are undergoing some unpleasant things to get healthy again and it's scary, too.  Feel all your feelings and don't think twice about doing so.  I totally understand your hair loss sadness.  My hair has always been one of my best features and I would cry too if I lost it the way you are.  You are an amazing couple and you both will get through this. <3
If I had your head shape and hairline I would shave my head just to get rid of my unruly hair....you look fantastic as always beautiful girl....my thoughts and prayers are with you both!
I cried with you when you were pulling clumps of hair out I remember it well that was the stage when I got it all shaved off. The thing I noticed was I had to put a woolly hat on as my head felt cold. The wigs are amazing and friends didn’t even realise I was wearing a wig, the only thing I wish someone had told me was don’t lean over the stove when your wearing your wig as the heat made the front of my wig go frizzy. You still look your beautiful self bald Bec and you are still you inside, and your hair does grow again when you have gone through all your treatment. Love you both x
❤❤❤ Bec looks great, Eamon looks great, Oso looks great.
Bec, you are so incredibly strong. So brave. We are here with you every step of the way. We stand with you. ❤️
You are so brave . You'll get through this bec . God has the best reasons why all of these is happening to the both of you I say both because Emon has his battles too and he's tough as a rock. Believe that you'll make it . You are blessed to have each other really. Praying for your fast healing 🙏💕
😢😢😥😥😥☹️☹️😔😔🤲🤲🤲🙏
Hello Beautiful Girl! I wish I could send you a Prayer plant. I've had one for over thirty years, and I kill all other plants. :) It closes up at night and is open and gorgeous during the day. (like you!)  So I'm sending it to you virtually. OOXX Eamon you are such an amazing, supportive partner. Love you both!
Love you guys. ❤️
Hi, I cannot imagine what you are going through right now. I just wanted to suggest that you look into German New Medicine. It may help you understand how this cancer manifested. Much love and light.
You are such a beautiful & inspiring couple! ❤️
👌🏻👌🏻😊
This is the first time I’ve ever commented on a video. Been watching you both for a while now. Thank you for sharing this journey with us. I cry and laugh along with you. There are over a million people out there that are your best friends, your family, supporting and rooting for you. I am one of them. Eamon, you are one cool dude and I just have massive respect for you. Two incredible humans. Thank you for inspiring us xxx
Your are brave and beautiful! Both of you are so strong and will get through this!
Eres muy valiente y fuerte, pelea hasta el final pase lo que pase. Eamon te quiere y nosotros también campeona 💪
Wow. You are both so incredible and show the true meaning of love. I’ve been watching for a few years and I love that you both love each other so fully. You are so strong Bec and you got this. My grandma is a 2 time cancer survivor. You look beautiful. ❤️
Bec, you are such such a beautiful soul. Thank you for inspiring me so much. And Eamon, you are the best rock anyone could ever wish for going through such hard times. Sending you all the love and positivity from the Netherlands <3
You are SO brave and SO beautiful Bec!  An inspiration ♥️ and Eamon, what an amazing and continuous support you are. We are all thinking of you guys and sending lots of love every day xx
You are both so blessed to have each other. ❤️❤️
I don't ever comment but i just need to tell you Bec you are amazing. I know this will be a tough time in your life but you are beautiful. Just please do not give up. You guys showed me how life is amazing... PLEASE with or without a wig you are beautiful. I know you prob won't see this comment out of the thousands but just stay positive life is a amazing and anything can change for the better no matter how bad you think it is.
I’ve been putting off watching this video for the past few days because like I predicted, I’m not even 1 minute in and I’m already wiping streams of tears off my cheeks. ❤️ I’m seriously rooting for you guys!
Also darling when your hair starts to grow it will be curly I don’t know why I had straight hair all my life but after chemo it goes curly. Love ya🙏
Hi Bec I  went through this journey 5 years ago. I had my double mastectomy first and then followed by 6 months of chemo. It’s strange how you life can change in a moment. It did not really bother me having my boobs off they were never huge anyway. But my whole life I had long brown hair like you and even though I knew it was going to fall out and I had a wig and all hats ready I really wasn’t prepared for how quick it fell out. But like you darling once I had my head shaved I felt so much better. Sometimes it hard to watch you but I can tell you now it will all pass and you have the best  man by your side. You will have so many dark days and some good days too. But this will be one day in your past your young and strong and I look forward to seeing you two having gorgeous babies in the future. Also sweet I was stage 4 and now I’m 5 years and my hair is long again I grew it back just cos I wanted to look like me again but on the way I had my buzz cut look my bob ect. When I meet new people now I dont even mention  cancer. I love watching you two. You will be so happy when you’ve finished chemo. I’m thinking of you often and sending you love. Thankyou xx
you two are SO CUTE x
i live that she was trying dif hairstyles before she lost it, she was embracing the looks but she does look absolutely fabulous bald
Love you guys❤️ you are so beautiful, i follow you guys for years and its verry inspiring to see you guys in such a beautiful transformation and showing your emotions ❤️ you made my day❤️
I was informed of two inoperable ‘soft tissue masses’ in my brain in November and have been on a rollercoaster of emotions ever since. I’ve watched you both for a few years now and must thank you for sharing your current journey, your positivity through adversity gives so much to those facing a similar position. Stay strong.
Wow this makes me feel so proud of you guys - I put off watching this because I thought I’d find it too intense (as I myself looooove my hair and feel so connected to it) but honestly I’m blown away. I know as a viewer I don’t fully have a place to be proud of you both but. No words. Dream team ❤️❤️. You’re both killing it.
You are stunningly gorgeous with a shaved head!  Not all women can say that!
My goal as a man is to be more like Eamon... You guys are legends.
Greetings from Australia! Bec, you are so incredibly beautiful, your honesty with us is truly, truly inspiring. And Eamon, you rock, what a wonderful support you are. Sending you both big hugs from across the world. Xox
I wish you all the best Bec. I've been watching you guys so long, and I hate that you're going through this. But you have such a strong, and beautiful spirit.
I'm 30 seconds into this video and I just want to cry. My heart and prayers go out to you guys. Bec you are stronger than you know, you will get through this<3
I started losing my hair in my early 20s and yeah it sucks. You will get through and be stronger on the other side. You are also spot on about the showers it is so much faster and easier.
Watching your show for so long I can’t help but be struck by all the things that have happened that have set you up a little better for what you have to go through in this new journey- you made good friends with Craig and Aimee and now you have a friend who understands completely what you are going through (and is a beast at naming a wig!) you were pushed by a pandemic to build a cabin where you can be as comfortable as possible in natural healthy surroundings that are made for convalescing and you kept Eamon’s hair to donate to a wig. It makes me truly believe that there are greater forces in this world looking out for you x
you guys are so strong. Bec you look so beautiful I am so proud
u look amazing! you could be a model
Oh my heart, when you said you had kept eamon’s hair to donate to someone. Also, you absolutely rock short and no hair!
i have been given an opportunity by my school to shave my head in the worlds greatest shave, to raise money for blood cancer research. i'm aware yours is different but i was very hesitant to shave it at first. but seeing how brave you have been (and how cute you look with a shaved head may i add), you've inspired me to take the chop !! sending all my love and support to you both, stay strong xxxx
Bec, Love and peace and Blessings to you and to Eamon. You are incredibly strong and so brave, and generous to share your personal journey with us. Prayers for you.  Thank you.
Bec, we all love you. Eamon, everyone deserves an Eamon in their life. You both are truly amazing people.
I have just stumbled across this channel. What a touching video. One can see the bond of love between these lovely two people. Bec you are so beautiful without the hair. The focus is completely on your beautiful face.  You have a beautiful head shape. I am subscribing and am looking forward to watching other vlogs. Wishing you the very best on this journey.
Prayers for your complete and restorative healing. Xoxo❤️🙏🏻❤️
I have no words for how strong you are Bec. I've said it before and I'll say it again - you are a true inspiration, and although I've never met you and have only really in the past couple of months been introduced to y'all's channel and been following along, it is so clear just how truly beautiful and radiant of a human being you are 💖💖 Much love 💕
You both are so beautiful!
You are beautiful no matter what happens  we are here for you no matter what  your not alone in this !!
You are inspiring and lovely!❤️
God bless you are so very beautiful inside & out love beautiful peoplethat are real & strong you gonna alright may blessings & prayers headed your way💗💞💝💖🤟💙💙🙏🙏🙏🙏
oh sweet Bec.  Your identity is NOT your hair, although you may have felt that way!  I am a fellow cancer survivor.  I once felt that my identity was in my hair, but didn't realize it, just like you.  When the hair started to fall out however, THAT is when I thought I "looked sick".  (and of all things looked like my GRANDPA - - -not my grandma).  I tried a wig, and in one day knew it wasn't the fit for me - - - too hot!  Shaving my head was the best decision:  instantly my eyes looked bigger, bluer, and I looked healthier.  And yes, being bald is a quick identifier - - - it also identifies that you are on the road to healthy!    . . . . I appreciate your boldness, your bravery, your transparency.  From this ole mama (age 60 now, but 42 when I had cancer) . . . . thank you.         KEEP BEING BEAUTIFUL!!!!
❤️
❤️❤️❤️
I seriously cry every moment you did, and then feels triumphant when you gorgeously rock each hairstyle in the end! Some of us may not know exactly what you go through, but we feel the every strength you muster in order to share what you go through in these videos. You are so beautiful in every aspect of life ❤️
Bec, you are learning so much about yourself.. and the power of human resilience. You are amazing!! GI Bec!! Bald, Beautiful and BadAss!! You got  this!! 🥰❤💥
Quick question…how on earth do you have such a perfectly shaped head Beck??? I could NEVER EVER pull a shaved head look off…ever…
Thank you for sharing. All best energy for your healing.
the best advice I was given is that my health is more important than my hair. I also heard to keep shampooing and washing my hair so I started that today. I would like to know where you got that wig... it is so beautiful and it looks so natural. I am so insecure about my wigs I have decided not to wear them as often. I even took it off at work today
Bec, you have the perfect shape head for the bald look. You have perfect facial features and are absolutely gorgous!
Praying I get blessed to have such an amazing partner
Love to you Bec
Oh my angel girl, I cried with you. You are adorable bald, btw. So happy you have each other. I admire your tenacity and have watched you both live life with such direction and courage.
Google Beautiful Bald Women.   They are all beautiful and many fashion icons.  Your beauty is not your hair but your inner person shinning through.
You’re doing good Bec, so smart weighing your hair options and being good with your decision. My brother and best friend came over and shaved mine off. It smooths off and you’ll loose it everywhere. you’ll have so many looks. Rock it, put your make up on, it’ll all be ok.
💪🏽♥️
So proud of you, Eamon, for taking such good care of her. You're amazing.  You still look absolutely lovely, Bec! Just be you and rock that new style 💜💜
I thought this was Halsey lol
Bec you  are amazing and an authentic  beauty!  Eamon your support and love shines through to us I know it’s a huge comfort.  Blessings as your Badass journeys forward 💪🏼💗
YOU'RE Gorgeous Sinéad O'Connor Style!!
Bec you are a baddd beeatch ready to kick that cancers butt!!!!!  Soooo gorgeous!!!  You pull it off better than any woman I’ve ever seen!! ❤️❤️ Sending love from Halifax
Growing up, we had au pairs from different places live with us in California, my parents had horses 🙄🤷‍♀️ so they’d help with animal care & with me…. They often left a mark on me, became people i looked up to & wanted to emulate as a kid. One was Canadian, and i just thought she was the ABSOLUTE COOLEST. She was so beautiful, graceful, she knew ballet & taught me the basic poses, i wanted to be graceful like her. Aaaaaaand, she had the most gorgeous silky spiral curls, we were all devastated when she decided to shave it all off… but then she just became even cooler 😂😂😂 She also* wore combat boots, from Canadian Army surplus! And i begged & insisted on having a pair myself, which! I did rock & wear to school lol. Of course i share this with you bc right now, you’re reminding me of her, and I’m with Eamon, you look beautiful and badass.   Ps. She also shared other cool stuff with me, like her favorite Red Hot Chili Pepper song which became one of mine too, a lesser known one, not a greatest hit, but imo one of their best songs, Soul to Squeeze.   And for movies, she shared HACKERS, the 90’s flick with a young Angelina Jolie who! in that film, also has a buzz cut! And looks just as beautiful and badass as ever/always.   So idk, i hope maybe you can treat yourself to some downtime & maybe just “netflix & chill” a bit, check out Hackers w/Angie 😘😘😘😘 & enjoy being a new member of the badass, buzzed/bald & beautiful club 🙏🥺😘
You look so good without hair!
This video was a real tear jerker. I have been following for so long and feel like you guys are family. Seeing you go through this journey is heartbreaking but the strength you guys have is incredible. Healing vibes coming your way. Hugs to you and kisses to Oso...
Aww Bec you look beautiful with any length of hair. You are a true inspiration to all women of any age xx rest up take care and you are stronger and more powerful than you know x
you look so so beautiful Bec!!
No cap u look like that girl from stranger things booby
Can we all  Take a minute to appreciate how pretty back looks with or without hair back you are being incredibly strong my Nana is a cancer survivor stay strong bec   stay strong
Yes to everything.  Yes to Bec's beautiful self in every stage of this journey, Eamon's amazing support and to living in a time where we get to show up in support.  It's not much.  But we are here!
Your identity is not wrapped up in your hair!   Your identity is wrapped up in the person that you are!   How you treat others!   And the what you add to this world! By that measure, you should have been bald long ago!
Bec I did the same thing . It’s much more depressing watching your hair fall out then to go and shave it off . You will get through this : & you have an amazing supporting partner ❤️  much love and prayers from one survivor to the next : you too shall get through this 🙏
You are so beautiful, inside and out and such an inspiration to watch  🌟 Thank you for sharing your journey with everyone. Been a big supporter of you both for many years now and look forward to the continuation of your journeys moving forward 💞 Stay strong and stay positive 💪🏼
Bec..you really are Beautiful.. inside and out. Cry when you need to and laugh often. Stay positive.  Eamon, you are such an amazing supportive person.  The 2 of you  are the real deal. So genuine and just have such a way about you that I am sure that everyone on here would want a chance to meet you in person.  GOD BLESS both of you! 🙏 Meliss
I hope you feel better I just just some pray and God will help you
Prayers and lots of love 💕
Had an aunt die from breast cancer. For her, it was doing too little too late. Bec, you're doing all the right things early and listening to doctors. I look forward to seeing how "future Bec" will be stronger than "current Bec". My mother always said "It's just hair, it'll grow back again." Health is more important than "looking good". You make me want to shave my head and join my buddy who went bald back in high school. That dude lives life to the fullest! Keep living life and being yourself! We love you, hair or no hair.
Bec you are just so beautiful inside and out truly! And Eamon you are the most amazing support and rock. You both are so amazing. Praying for you both so much!
Thank you for sharing your journey!!! This helps a lot!! Your so strong!
you guys are rocking it much love from UK
🙏
Bec, I pray for you all the time. Your hair is not what makes you beautiful. You are beautiful because of the person you are. You are a great example to us all. I respect you. May God bless you and Eamon.
Courageous , strong, humble, unconditional love, grateful.. you two are an inspiration to so many ❤️
You look beautiful
Bec and Eamon, it is hard to watch these videos knowing there isn’t much I can do to help you, except send you love, light, and all the healing vibes I can. I know it can’t be easy to share such vulnerable moments and you both are facing this with such admirable gentleness, grace, and amazing strength. Eamon, thank you for being such an amazing and supportive partner. Even if you do not realize it, you are setting a much needed example to your following and that is so important especially during these times. Bec, you are beautiful (hair or no hair) and your inner light is so bright that it outshines anything else. Hang in there. Big virtual hugs.
I have watched you two for years and I can not get over your strength and support for each other. Bec you are killing this journey and it brings me to tears that you have to go through it, but you are such an inspiration. My dad battled cancer, and I wish he could have had the same optimistic outlook on it. Also just wanted to say I don't think anyone could be a better support system than Eamon, we all need an Eamon!! SO much love to both of you!!❤❤
Bec, I keep my hair short on purpose and shave my sides down every six weeks. On one side I have a larger mole, similarly sized as yours. I was insecure about it for a while despite my desire to have a funky hairstyle, but I’ve learned to embrace that it’s just a part of myself and it’s not as noticeable as I think. You have a beautiful head and you are such an inspiration. I am cheering you on and sending all the positive energy I can. ❤️
You have a beautiful shaped head Bec.  Wear it proudly as a badge of strength and honesty of what you are going through.  You are becoming a member of the survivalist crew!  I had the “Red Dragon” chemo too and my hubby had to shave my hair after my second treatment.  It is such a big step and now you are on the other side.  Stay your positive self and know you are surrounded with ❤️
Tell us you're keeping Oso! He fits in good with you guys. Bec you are beautiful, we love you!! ❤️❤️
Eamon is such an amazing partner and you are so lucky to have him. We all love you and you so gorgeous.
Yer your are beautiful inside and out but so are you Eamon
You are so beautiful bec !!!!! We love you so much !! 💕❤️
So much love to you both. Bec, your strength is astounding and incredible to witness.
You truly look gorgeous. I know how scary the unknown is, as someone who also is dealing with serious health things, ya'll are inspiring. Thank you for being so open with us, because it helps those of us who are struggling to feel not only a little less alone, but inspired to conquer the days and be brave. <3
you need to honor moira rose and name it that.
Bec you are beautiful no matter what happens. Remember you are strong and there is a plan for you.
Mate shave your head too. I already do mine and can grow it back but won’t in support.  Love yas and stay strong from Australia.
You are amazing and totally going to kick cancer's ass! You are a fucking beautiful badass!!!!
Girl! After I cried a Lil with you I wished that you could hear us saying how pretty you do look without the hair. You guys will make it through this and thank God for the support that shows every time we watch a video. Eamon I am sure this had been hard for you as well and just know ur amazing is showing. Bless you both and you our in our thoughts!
Though I know it is hard for you to wear your journey outward as well as inward now, I think you will find that it allows for more people to support and embrace you through this. I myself have connected with multiple women through cues such as wearing headscarves or cancer ribbons and sometimes having a sign of your journey outward allows for more people to reach out and embrace you. You are rocking the bald head and I specifically admire the hoop earrings with the bald head. I think this may just be your most powerful look I’ve seen. Love always. ❤️
😊 You have a beautiful head!!! Love you guy's .
Take care guys my thoughts are with you 🌹🍀
Blessings to you both on this journey.
You both are so beautiful! Sending lots of ❤️❤️❤️
You have such a beautiful face and spirit that you cant truely rock any hair ir no hair.
Thanks for taking us on this journey with you Bec, I'd be worrying about you all the time if you weren't! AND...you really truthfully look awesome bald!!! Seriously not everyone could pull that off! I'm so proud of you both for your positive attitudes! It will make this experience so much better.  Eamon you are an amazing support! Stay strong both of you, one day this will all be just a memory ❤
On a positive note, you can totally get that mole removed while you're already bald. Get rid of that insecurity so when your hair grows back, you can f-ing ROCK it!!!  ❤️
U guy's ROCK!!! ❤😘
You should name the wig Moira, if you’re a fan of Schitt’s Creek
Wig name > Marilyn  Looks beautiful ❤️
Big ❤
Bec, you are so brave, not just to go through this trying time in your life but to share with others so they know they are not alone.  You are an inspiration. Eamon, you are such an amazing, supportive husband. We are thinking of you both and sending lots of love.
Bec you look beautiful bald and your eyelashes are on fleek!! Love you lots gf and you can do this 🥰❤️
Bec, you are awesome!!
OMG! You look STUNNING with both short and bold hair!!! You look more sophisticated. Love it <3
you look beautiful Bec, & my man Eamon you one supportive individual! ❤️
You are one of the lucky few who look phenomenal with no hair!
You are both so lovely!  I’m in tears watching and in awe of your strength and love!  Thank you for sharing such a vulnerable journey!
My wife is going under the knife tomorrow she has brest cancer good for use they got in strat away  her mum died last August with cancer so she wS so scared when we went to see the doctor before they told us the news I hope you get over your soon if the can find a fix for c19 they should fix cancer soon
Losing your hair is shit. It really, really is. Bec, you're amazing, and handling this like an absolute BOSS. You look fierce AF (I looked like a thumb when mine was gone), I'm getting real Charlize Thereon from Mad Max vibes. I hope you're feeling all your feelings when ya feel them, you and Eamon both, all the love and positive feelings to you, you're such a powerful person. ❤
How brave and beautiful are you!? Thank you for sharing your journey so vulnerably. May you find strength and healing in the messages of love and support from Internet strangers like me. ❤️
You're so inspiring Bec. I hope you're okay!
Bec. you are so beautiful & strong. you are both amazing. sending all my love.
Love you guys, be well, thanks for sharing x
You are a goddess  your one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen I always thought that I have been watching you guys for years but after this video I can truly say you are gorgeous I love both of you …Eamon is the best so to both of you a big hug 🤗 you are my Wonder Woman 🙏God Bless
I’ve sent healing to you and Eamon from spiritualist church yesterday as your in my thoughts everyday. Sending so much love to you both. ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
💖
The love you guys have for each other is amazing. The support even more so. Bec the fact that you want to document this to help others and are showing vulnerability, makes you so amazingly strong. You are a wonderful person! You can and will get through this. <3
Hi guys HI Bec your head looks amazing you look like the GI Jane hard rock, its a hard journey and you are handling it amazingly, Eamon is amazing as well he is your ROCK. I worked with a lady who had the same after 12 months off work and lots of treatments like you she is now back at work and well, that was 5 years ago,  you can beat this, stay strong we love you both so much for showing the real side of dealing with this nasty thing.  We are all with you on this journey and are loving the chance to be there and support you with Eamon, see you on the next one love hugs Michel & Kim Uk xx
We all for u!!! Keep on!
You look fabulous and you have great head shape!
I love you guys so much
You are so brave. I admire you. I’m just a granny that loves watching your videos.  I was watching Netflix and was intrigued with Fantastic fungi. Maybe you can find time to watch it.  Thank you for entertaining me for so many months…… and yes I cried right along with you.  My prayers are with you and Eamon.  Your big fan Carol.
You seriously look gorgeous ~ I love your honesty _~ E you rock 🥰
Bec you are so beautiful! I love your soul and positive attitude and you are such a power woman!❤️
You’ve got love and strength covered 😊 You all are amazing!
BEC you DO look sooo cute bald 🤩
🤍Sending you love and we’ll wishes… you are so very loved 🤍
Came across your channel because I wanted to see someone building an igloo.  Just want to say you look awesome without any hair.  From London England with love
I’m crying but its all happy tears, you guys are amazing humans ❤️ its crazy how attached we get to people on YouTube but I honestly just want to tell you guys that I love you very much, I might be behind on some videos lol but your channel brings me happiness in my darkest days 🥰 hope to one day meet you both 😘
Thinking of you guys
Bec you looking fucking amazing!! 💜
You are incredibly strong, Bec. Thank you for sharing this with us.
Love you ... Two beautiful people inside and out....
She got thru her first chemo…..her beautiful  shaped head is now hairless and she never looked better….she is a warrior….Bec you are awesome…
You both are so beautiful, and brave and kind. Sending you lots of love and positive thoughts. And Bec you really are rocking every new look, including the bald one! 🔥🧡
You don't need hair for love !
Bec you look beautiful  bald. Your the BBBB. Bec, Beautiful,Bald, Badass. You got this.
I just want to say that you are freaking amazing and such a bad ass! Thank you for showing us these super hard phases but it shows how strong you and Eamon are. I cried with you all the way through because you are such a beautiful sweet soul. Please keep your head up and know we are all routing for you 💛 ☀️
I shaved my head.   I didn't care about it because it was a great conversation starter to promote mammograms and monthly exams to check for lumps.
Hey Eamon, who's your new girlfriend? She's even prettier than Bec! 😃❤
My wife had to go the same way last year. The hair comes back. But it is much more important that health returns. You are a strong woman, you can do it! You are not alone, we fight with you!
You are a warrior who is educating others on bravery…..Bec you are beautiful hairless or otherwise….we support you because it could be us and the fear of that keeps women from getting help…Eamon we all deserve a partner who thinks of you first…..she has won the partner lottery….both of you are making the most important videos of your life….your hair will grow back curly,….it almost always does….and you will put this behind you after taking us along for the ride…..we love you guys….kick cancers ass…😁
Love you Both so much. It takes a lot of power to share with the world. I love how Eamon is so supportive and Bec you look amazing! I have been following for years. Traveling with both of you you are very inspirering. Lots of love xx
How empowering though! You made the choice to shave it, YOU made the choice and didn’t let cancer make it for you. I think you look wonderful with your shaved head! ❤️❤️
Much love and prayers
Shave Our Heads For Bec.....✔ This touch me in so many ways. I have been watching you guys forever. You got this!❤💪 #BEATCANCER
You look so good with your hair shaved off... you kind of remind me of emma watson you are so beautiful and im glad you have such a loving partner as Eamon on your side Lots of Love to both of you <3
Love the wig with your round hat Bec. Lots of love.
Girl, u rocking that bald head! All the power to u!🤟
You look beautiful without your hair. Sinead O'Connor level beautiful. I'm so impressed with your honest sharing of your journey. Such an inspiration for all people following a similar journey
Bec you are so incredibly strong and I think it's amazing that you are sharing your journey with us. I know these videos will help SO SO SO many people <3 && Eamon you are such an amazing, kind, and loving partner. We witness your patience and love with Bec and its so admirable. I'm sure this is a very difficult journey for both of you and it's so encouraging the way you are handling it. Just remember, you don't need to be strong 100% of the time. Sometimes we need to just sit and complain and cry and then get back to the wonderful positive attitudes you have <3 <3
💚🖤
When I shaved my head I felt so aerodynamic! 😂 and yes showers were so quick.
You are a beautiful soul both inside and out. Keep strong
you look so hot Bec, I send you both lots of love <3 Eamon you are an amazing human
This is sο sαd becαυse there αre effectiνe treαtments fοr breαst cαncer, which dοn't reqυire chemο οr rαdiαtiοn.
Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful,! sending all the love, strength and support for you Bec. You are such a Bald Beauty!!
you look great, Bec.. you guys got this!!
This is making me sad seeing you go through all of this but it is really truly inspiring how strong you are
Bec you look hot with shaved. GI Jane vibes!!
Girl even with no hair I’d give anything to look like you! You are so beautiful!
Sending you guys all my love, prayers & good vibes. I cried right along with Bec watching her hair loss journey; however, Eamon is exactly right in that she is gorgeous no matter what and a stunning bald beauty!
You are absolutely gorgeous bald. But he should have shaved it completely off!  It’s just hair, your beauty has nothing to do with your hair!
Bec, continue to be brave. You are so beautiful and a pillar for other women that are having the same experience. Eamon, you are very strong as well and very supportive. I wish only the best for you both. I send you healing every day. Love and light!❤️💕
You are so beautiful Bec! ♥ I love how genuine Eamon's love, care for you. Stay strong to the both of you ♥
Lara Croft! You look incredible. I admire you.
I love you guys so much! Bec is beautiful inside and out ❤️❤️
Sweet soul.  I'm deeply moved watching you share such a personal journey.  I wish you a beautiful beautiful transformation!  I love that you are listening to your intuition of how to take care of yourself, that is the strongest truth...but if it ever makes sense at some point you might google the "Iodine Protocol".  There's a great book by Lynn Farrow.  Aloha
I shaved my head when I found out my great aunt had cancer. She lost her hair, so I donated 26 inches of mine. We were bald together so she didn’t feel like the odd one out. You look beautiful with long, short and no hair. You are a beautiful person with a beautiful soul!
I love you, Bec!! I'm a year breast cancer-free. I get it! People like you and Eamon have an inner light that nothing can take out. So proud of you both and I wish you both all blessings that life has to offer. You two are awesome and your vlogs warm my heart. Love you both!!
If i didn't know Bec and if I would meet her on street I'll for sure ask her which modeling agency does she work for. Cause duh you're a little too gorgeous. I've always found you soooooooo gorgeous seriously trust me. You've always looked like an angel to me. And angels look pretty even bald or in a potato sack.
Over 14k comments too!!!! Wow!!!  So so much support and love out there must make you feel better and help you.  I felt so emotional watching this whole episode. But you are both so strong and beautiful inside and out. 🙏🏻💪🏼💕🌟🇬🇧
Wow it's fortunate that you guys not only have that great free? Canadian healthcare BUT the money to spend on this luxury wig, beautiful but waaaay out of reach for most of our budgets!  Count your blessings and pray to God that this health journey will lead you to a more spiritual life.
Your subscribers appreciate you! You have the best channel on YouTube, hands down. Exciting, engaging, creative, fun, educational, and most of all real. I  love your adventurous hearts, but most of all I love how you love and support each other. We love you both! 💕❤️
♥️ ♥️ ♥️ We love you both ❤️ ❤️ ❤️     Sending positive vibes your way
Love you guys so much. Literally every time I'm watching your videos I'm crying and having all those emotions, but It's really beautiful. The feeling that you bring to all of us I would identify as a really bright and sunny day. You give me hope in humanity. Bec, stay strong, because this world cannot loose you. ❤️ greetings from Lithuania 🇱🇹
Wishing you a successful treatment and recovery. Hope you are positive and smiling. You look beautiful Bec
💕😘💕😘Brave and Beautiful is what you are 🤩🙌praying for you both 💕😘💕😘
Bec you are so brave and willing to share, big hugs and love from Los Angeles! And Eamon, you are the definition of a care giver with unconditional love, wow! You both are role models for all. Wishing you both peace, love, and strength. Bec (as a two time cancer survivor myself) you will come out the other side with a whole knew outlook on life.
The way you say Bear’s name in the mikmaq language is muin (moo-in)
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you both so much, always praying for your healing Bec, and for Eamons strength 💗
You look beautiful, it’s fantastic!!!
I’m bald. It’s great now but I cried the same as you when the doctors told me my hair would not come back. Now headwraps are my best friends and I have come to appreciate other features that I never noticed before. Thank you for sharing your journey.❤️
❤❤❤
You look so beautiful!!! Hair doesn’t define who you are, we love you!!!
Bec,  you are an inspiration in your bravery and strength in sharing your tough journey with us all.  The honesty and vulnerbility you show just make me admire you all the more.  To have a partner as supportive as Eamon is a blessing - including his willingness to eat chickpea mash for breakfast - what a legend.  🤩Sendng you so much love from the UK.  ❤️❤️
We’re here for you Bec! We love & support all your decisions! Stay strong & Hang in there! This too shall pass🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
im always with you my names evie and i got exposed with cansa 2 years ago
Please tell me you’re gonna adopt that sweet baby boy, not just foster. I believe he is your angel baby protecting and loving you through this healing journey. Yalls connection with him is magic. ❤️❤️❤️  If I missed y’all saying you are gonna adopt him I’m sorry 😳. Love you guys.
Please come back to the short hair with the side shaved when you roundhouse cancer’s butt! It was giving kick-ass main character vibes 💪😈
Thinking about you today it’s March 10 th. Love y’all ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending love and healing vibes 💜💕🥰
Hey Bec, If I can say you look beautiful with your hair shaved you have the perfect face shape for it and you truly look beautiful!! Keep Strong Girl YOU GOT THIS!.
Its funny that you mentioned yoga Bec. Cause you sparked my interest in the healing of yoga during my chemo treatment. You're amazing! Stay strong sis!
New to your channel here 👋🏼 Watching this while I work and tears just keep streaming down my face but it’s not out of sadness- it’s out of love and appreciation that you have the most beautiful spirit despite what you’re going through. You’re truly a warrior and you have the best partner helping you along the way! The other part of me asks myself what the heck am I complaining about in my life? People are fighting battles much bigger and still manage to shine their light. You’re inspiring. Sending positive and healing vibes that your days only get better and you have strength to get through the days! 💛 ☀️
Becs seriously having your hair shaved reminded me of ripley in aliens, she kicked galactic butts, so empowering and to be honest in todays fashion and multi hair designs its the norm seeing different hair styles.. your both amazing and a big thank you for sharing your journey, its an honour being here (watching with the other 1million ) your not bald, your bold and courageously beautiful..
You are so strong Bec hope you get well very soon💙!!
So proud of you Bec, you are doing amazing! 💕 Does anyone know where the blanket is from that Bec is snuggling in that’s orange and blue. It’s looks soo comfy I want one 😅😅
You are a amazing couple,I wish you the best in your treatment bec,you are a strong person and you are a beautiful lady, eamon is a real dude and you really suit the shaved head,,but I wish you weren't having to go thru this ,Kia kaha becs
Love you Eamon & Bec! Praying for you both❤ You guys got this 🤙
Wow. Just wow ! Such strength, character and unity, you are as one. Beautiful from the inside out. Inspirational. Much love to you both.
You both are so strong, I admire you guys. And Bec, you look stunning bald and are such a powerwoman!!! Sending much love & best wishes to you!! ❤
You're still very  pretty.     Yeah! quick showers,   save money on shampoo and conditioner .
She looks like an older Millie Bobby Brown and I'm getting major Eleven vibes from this and it's bad ass. You're bad ass. Bec you look amazing, girl!
I cried with you on this one Bec - but let me tell you, you are 1000% beautiful hair or not - Hair doesn't make you beautiful - YOU make you beautiful
When I saw Bec in the mirror with here shaved head (so cool) I was like who is that.... Thats a Queen! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! NO MATTER WHAT BEC! KEEP IT UP!
I appreciate you guys! Keep it up! My energy is here with you!
You look great! And sexy. You got this.
So inspiring keep on smiling both of you 🥰🥰🥰
Wow I mean you look 100% like you with your wig that’s insane 😆
The whole time I just kept thinking how amazing would it be if everyone going through cancer had a support system like Eamon. My god. I think it would change the cancer experience by 1000%. What an amazing man.
Bec, You look absolutely beautiful....hair or no hair. You are a lovely person. Prayers with you
You look gorgeous and younger - huge hugs and much love 💕
Absolutely beautiful 🤩 so proud of you ❤️❤️
Bellaaaaa
eamon can you go bald plz
Your face is so beautiful and your soul. that you will come out of this blossoming and better than you were before xxx
With the state the world is in right now, it took me a few days to bring myself to watch this, because it made me cry and I knew beforehand, that it would. I'm really sorry, this is happening to Bec. You are a fantastic woman and a beautiful soul, regardless of the length or your hair or regarding any other part of your body! I wish you a lot of strength to get through this and all the luck of the world for the future. Eamon is a very supportive, unbelievable partner. Even though we never met and I'm thousands of kilometers away I feel very attached to you two. Sending you lots of positive energy from Germany. Love Christian
Eamon you show so much support for your lovely wife. I keep holding on to each other keep encouraging each other keep loving each other! 🎉 The love, some people never experience. You're an inspiration to people. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙌💕💯
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️stay strong warriors
you are both amazing
Love you two, sending hugs and kisses!!!🥰 your hair is like a sweater that can be taken off, it is not you, because if I close my eyes and just listen to you you are the beautiful person I see in my mind. I don’t vision your hair but I do see your face and pretty smile. Hair can always grow back. It doesn’t make who you are, you Soul is! I know nothing I say will really make any difference, but I hate that it made you sad. Your a wonder women and I’m so in agh of you, you are the Queen 👑 keep up the fight, love you and if I can send anything I send my prayers!! Keep taking great care of our special girl Eamon. Xoxo
After all the adventures you’ve experienced and all the things you learned, who knew how many fresh life lessons there would be ahead for you both.  Eamon you are amazing and such a good example to partners everywhere and every day who are enduring a situation as intense as this. Bec, I know now how I will approach cancer should it come my way again since you provided so much good food for thought and personal perspective for us.  Thank you so much for such an intimate share.  It took me a few days before I could watch this. Honestly I feel so connected to you both that I knew it was going to slay me.  But it didn’t.  We can do hard things and you are thriving proof of that.  If you haven’t already, I highly recommend Kris Carr (Crazy Sexy Cancer documentary).  she is a superstar.  And so are you!  Love you to the moon and back.  Deep breaths.
Bec - you are SO beautiful. Inside AND out. I love how you’re taking the time to feel what you need to feel but you’re not wallowing in it. I love honest and truthful you are making the videos and letting us be included in your life like that.  Eamon - I love how supportive you are. You truly are a strong beautiful soul. You’re an amazing friend and husband! Just make sure you’re taking your time as well!   So much love to both of you! Sending little rays of sunshine your way!! ☀️💜
🤗
Wow Bec, you are both so inspiration. I have not been on the journey that you are on currently but have done what we call here in Australia "Shave for the cure- Worlds Greatest Shave ". I was shaved bald and raised money for research. It was very confrontational and gave me the smallest insight into what you were feeling as you lost your hair. You look beautiful, keep that positive attitude going and kick cancers butt.  Love from 🇦🇺 Australia
I just wish you recover soon and get all the things you wish for
I have a mole on my head in almost exactly the same spot.  I will now refer to it as my second brain.  You’re gorgeous Bec!  Hang in there.
You are so beautiful Bec and your face and head is gorgeous! You rock girl !♥️🌻♥️⭐️. Eamon has to shave too!  In support !  He will look gorgeous too!
I’m sorry you’re going through this. However, you’re a strong woman. You’ll get through this with the support of your partner and loved ones.   My niece lost all her hair too because she was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer (she’s a nonsmoker). She’s going through hell for treatments and it seems there’s “clinical improvement” according to her doctor in Seattle.
What beautiful people you are <3
Bec you are soo so beautiful without hair! like woww! Your natural features are glowing, you are so pretty ☀The strength you show in these videos are incredible, you both are amazing! Sending love to you and Eamon from UK 💕 p.s congrats on 1m subs 🙌🎉 you guys deserve it and so much more
I have watched this video and cried from start to finish. I have a condition where parts of my scalp go numb and then sore to the touch and then my hair falls out. And I know how attached I am to my hair. I am so very sorry that you're going through this and I wish you a speedy recovery. Just remember that hair or no hair you are one of the most beautiful people inside and out. And it shines. You look beautiful regardless. I'm giving all my love to you both Bec and Eamon. Eamon look after your buddy. She shows true stregth. But sometimes you just need a wee cuddle. 😊❤❤❤❤❤. All our love from Scotland. ❤❤❤❤❤
You two are truly the most inspiring, powerhouse couple going on the internet. Nothing has changed there but seeing you flourish in these recent years but also experience some of life's hardest and most challenging things, has opened my heart out hugely to you both. Crying with you, I feel for you through these ups and downs. Know that you are helping people heal through this stunning, honest and real community you have created. You should be incredibly proud of your power, sending a tremendous amount of strength and love through these harder days. Keep shining you beautiful beings <3
You honestly are so beautiful.
I couldn’t watch this for a long time, my wife went through Brest cancer and she loved her hair! As I cut her hair I said for richer for poorer,for hairier for Balder. In between the crying you can still laugh and she has a hair back all the best to the both of you Pete xx
Praying for you Bec! ❤
Big love to you both ❤️
you look great beck yall are great !!!!
You two are such a powercouple and inspiration for everyone!! I have so much respect: Bec you‘re powerful, amazing and so honest with us and your feelings. We „the subscribers“ can learn so much from you 🥰🤗 I wish you only the best and the power to stay positive. And Eamon you are the best partner to wish for in such a difficult life situation , I think everyone wants an Eamon from now on. 😊🥰  kind regards from Upper Austria, Katja 🤗
honestly Eamon is the  guy I definitely look up to be one day. I believe when two people come together especial in terms of love its just unity. Loving the other person despite their trials and tribulations and just simply grow together both physically and emotionally(which also increases your life expectancy). Eamon is so kind and Bec is just an angel. they are able to tolerate each other and be forgiving and also at the same time be so in-love and able to share their love with the universe and spread nothing but love and positivity. Honestly your videos put me in a better spot and help me grow into the kind human being I wish to be. I love you guys. Bec your surely going to get over this and its just a matter of time. When you get better Bec, I will be waiting for you guys to come to Namibia (or hopefully I can come to Canada ).I wish you all the best.
😭
Bec, you courageous and beautiful soul for sharing this scary and confronting journey. As an aspect of your appearance you were attached to I hope you now see it is not your hair that makes you beautiful... and this new do is your super power (Eamon you are a champion!!). No one can fully understand what it is like for YOU and watching this experience in your wonderful video makes me smile knowing you're giving strength to others... I shaved my head to raise funds for the leukaemia foundation... I had the choice - so it's not even close to being the same thing and I would never compare it but it was empowering for me in many ways to overcome the loss of my father when I was a young girl.. ALL power to you making this part of your story something so positive!!! You guys are incredible!
I just want to tell you how beautiful you both are and thank you! I guess I haven't thought of a self exam for awhile, but noticed a pain and felt a lump. I ignored it until I saw your journey. We're waiting for information.  So much love to you!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ I hope you are doing well I found this on YouTube and I think it might help…Frequency vibration and healing by Michelle Fielding… And also there is a collagen that can help you grow back your hair faster. Look up the YouTube under Nikolas Venimain  “Randy Alexander discusses latest updates…”  these are new healing modalities using frequency and collagen to help people heal. I hope this helps sending prayers as well❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
New subscriber! I am sending you both love and light!
❤️❤️❤️
Bec look likes a very strong woman after she cut off all her hair. I hope that everything goes well for both of you! <3
Look into Joe Tippens story, he has a facebook group mycancerstoryrocks and a lady by the name of Jane McLelland. Praying for your recovery xo
Awwww..love you both
The strength she has and the positivity she has is so heart warming even through such a hard time. She looks so beautiful with or without hair! I think her having a shaved head makes her look like a bad ass super hero :)  I hope you heal as this is hard for you. Take it easy love! You got this🤍🤍
i dare every1 to shave their head..
Love every time you mention Lee! I think of Lee all the time too and she gives me strength ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, my goes with you. Stay strong! Sending my love. ❤️
Honey you do look awesome bald. And it does not necessarily stigmatize illness. When my daughter was fourteen she wanted to donate her hair which was really long long long for someone in need. So she shaved her head. And she looked awesome to. And I have friends who like buzzed hair. If people are mean enough to judge anyone we do not need to care because they are not people. And yes having a wig from your hair and his is just over the moon happy. And yes you do not need hair for love. hugs
*Всё будет хорошо!* Выздоравливай скорее!!!
its ok Bec, you look great. We love you and Eamon loves you. we are here for you
Girl you look beautiful bald!! Dont worry it grows back. I cried for you also 😢
I love the plant idea, can we send you plants as well? Not sure how that would work but if we can that would be amazing! You have such an amazing support team through this, always remember you're not alone and that you are absolutely stunning!!!!
23:05 is amazing 🤍
Your making me cry  love you bec I’m glad you have someone soo loving and supportive
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day! ⛅️ I went looking for this song so I could listen and send positivity to Bec! Found this photographer who put this song to his pics! Just made me smile! https://youtu.be/weOmLbOYWFY
Awesome videos sorry I’m so late
I had to watch this video twice.  The raw, pure, intimate emotions you both share with us is so, so beautiful, even in your struggles. Bec- you are ABSOLUTELY beautiful with or without your hair. You being who you are truly is what makes you shine so, SO bright and your STRENGTH...it is beyond remarkable, like Eamon keeps saying. And Eamon- You. Are. A. TREASURE, honestly. I can only imagine how different most people would be if they had someone who was such a foundation of support like you are to Bec. Your love for each other is unwavering, I can feel it. I don't comment very often on videos, but I have been watching you both for over a year now and you are both incredible, inspirational, such positive forces of human beings. Congratulations on 1mil and I wish you both many, many more 💕
You look amazing with or without your hair. You both will get through this. Continue to believe and have faith.
Bec looks like a badass Furiosa
Bec, so brave, so strong, so lovely....keep up the good fight🙏😘🤓
I love you guys so much.  Love you Buddy
Beck! I have a mole in the exact same place on my head. I’ve never known anyone else with that! It makes me pretty self conscious too
Bec... You are so BEAUTIFUL both inside and out. If I were Eamon, I'd shave my head too.  I saw where you were feeling sick and nauseated and that is when you need to get a prescription of Ondansetron. I've been injured on the job and I've had to use both methadone and oxycodone for my "Chronic Extreme Pain". Especially with the oxycodone making me feel nauseated and sick... The Ondansetron is a tiny little pill that dissolves almost instantly just from the moisture in your mouth. It works miracles in helping the nausea and sick feelings go away.  You should really ask your Dr. to prescribe it for you so you don't have to feel so sick and nauseated.   We're praying 🙏 for you both.  Be sure to take good care of yourself.   We love you guys.  Laterz...
Bec you are the biggest inspiration to me as a women. You show me what love, beauty, and passion is. I look up to you so much. And Eamon, you make my standards very high with all the love and support you give to bec. Love and peace to you both ❤️
Still have my wigs from 1993... its like an omen to keep cancer away... stay strong ❤
The amount of times you went through the stages of grief. I cried with you. Eamon you are amazing with all the support. Watching someone go through this is hard, so hard. You are both amazing.
Thank you for your raw courage to talk about breast cancer and all the good and bad. PTL Our GOD sees the BIGGER picture!
You can call it sexy Sonya.
Prayers for you both! 🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
Your giving me massive Sinead O'Connor vibes! 😍😍😍😍
you can do it Bec!
Love Love Love...you Bec the Brave so much for sharing your journey with cancer and Eamon...the Love you Give!!! Congrats on a million subscribers...guess I am one! You [both] make the world a better place.
I'm a new subscriber. Best of the Best, Bec!! ❤️
Bec you look so awesome!!! You are such a beautiful person and have the greatest soul, you bring such great positivity into the world. Much love and thank you for always being you ❤️ You guys make Sunday's the best day of the week
Thank you for taking us with u on your journey..awe looking beautiful..feel well
you guys are so good for each other. we can feel it through the screen how much love you have for each other.
❤ Bec your beautiful inside and out.
You look so bad ass being bald like legit model stat
Bec you are amazing and inspiring as a women. I’m sending you all the love and positive vibes. ❤️
Beck is so beautiful it’s actually insane
Love you Bec!  Thanks for sharing your journey 🙏🏻
OMG YOU LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL❤️💓❗️
Cheers to you guys ! Thanks for sharing these hard moments with us! Bec you are strong and so beautiful inside and out, hair or no hair! You made me realize that I am very attached to my hair as most women are I am sure! I just can’t say enough thanks for sharing this journey with us! You are an inspiration 🙏💞 ps love the plants 🪴 and what a sweet buddy to have around supporting one another🥰
I can’t believe how good you look with your bald head! 😘😘😘😘😘😘 from Canada
Hey I’m 54 and I have a full head of hair but I go bald every spring because bald is beautiful so wear it with pride and who cares what other people think! It’s not what is on the outside that matters but what is on the inside! If you are beautiful on the inside then you are beautiful forever. Outside beauty is temporary because it fades away with time but inside beauty lasts forever! You have a fantastic inner beauty Bec! That inner beauty shines through!!! God bless you two! Your fellow Ontario friend!
Sending love and strength your way. 💙💙💪💪💪🙌🙌
You look like eleven and that’s a complement and you look so good,stay strong
This is love.
Beautiful 🌻
She is so beautiful!!!
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL 💛✨ Sending you so much love on this journey x
You look so beautiful
Congratulations on the million followers!  Bec you look Bea-u-ti-ful!!! You have the look!! Praying for you and Eamon!
My friend who had Stage 3 breast cancer (now eight years cancer-free and living well!) shaved her head soon after her first round of chemo. Her hair grew back completely normally after her treatments were complete. I must say, Bec, you look fantastic without hair! Keep powering through!
Wow just Wow Eamon you rock no words can be spoken so awesome to have a guy as you are god bless you too many prayers
Bec I first wanna say thank you for sharing your journey with us..You are such an inspiration to so so many around the world! I have been losing my hair do to an illness called Gastroparesies,my levels are all over the place so with that comes so many things that i don't care to admit....But i make my video here on you tube then i delete it cause i feel that my story wouldn't be worth watching.. But once again thank you for just being you and sharing with us..Much Love From Lisa  Boston mass
sending love
You totally rock the bob and the bald!,  Beautiful!❤️
Watching with my 16 year old daughter who is going through leukemia at the moment & really struggling with treatment, hair loss, inability to complete her education at the moment, not able to see her friends etc etc, so wonderful for her to see you be strong during your own hair loss journey & to have a supportive partner who seems to be doing an amazing job as well. Very inspiring video, thank you Bec & Eamon of course & hope you are getting through your chemo ok, much love & continued strength to you both xx
I love that haircut on you! You are so brave to share this difficult time❤️
Bec you are beautiful!!!!!!!! omg. Eamon you make me cry often with how sweet and supportive you are with Bec. I hope I can experience this type of love with someone one day <3
You need Amy from Kinging It with you. She is the Wig Queen.
I’m so proud of you !! You are so beautiful and look it too 🤟🏼 Thank you for your continued vulnerability and letting us come along on the journey
good
💖💖💖
So proud of both of you! Loved watching both of you and you have such a beautiful relationship ❤️ praying and thinking about you daily
Bec you are beautiful!   I love your energy and Eamon’s support of you.  Amazing team.  I saw that your video had come out but had to wait so that I could sit and really watch it.  Both of you are an inspiration.  Hugs.
I pray that we get to see you with a henna crown 👑 in honor of  Lee  XOXO  ✌&❤
Dang girl how the heck can you make bald look 🔥
Bec you are truly stunning!!! I'm sorry you all are having to go through this but know you're not alone! We all love and support you ❤ and eamon two thumbs up for being a good supportive partner
God Bless, it will grow back and things will be okay. Our thoughts are with You. Take it slow as You recover from this temporary illness.
That was an amazing video!! Thanks so much for sharing! Xx
Bek, sending you strength. I went through this two years ago. I hope you go through this with ease. Rely on all of the help you can.  Re hair - on the plus side - 2 years later, I still basically don't have to shave, and my hair has grown back curlier than it was. You've got this girl!!
You both ARE SO STRONG!!! Sending love all the way from Wisconsin.
Bec you are so beautiful!!!
You guys are the sweetest kindest people!! I love your videos and am sending my love ❤️❤️
I also love how she is finding the positive in everything, “showering without hair is so awesome” and “atleast i’m not getting hair where i don’t want it too.” Such a good reminder to see the glass half full in everything!
I absolutely adore how this couple is so supportive of each other. Bec is going thru such a hard time but makes sure to check in with Eamon, because it is hard for partners too. And it is so amazing how he adores her so much and just sees her as so beautiful thru all of this and tries to make her feel beautiful, because she is! You guys are both so amazing, strong and beautiful!!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT!!! I love you guys so much, wow. Prayers and good vibes 🌞🌺⚡️ love from CA.
You guys are incredible!!! I just admire your way of spreading positivity even though what you are going through, that’s really inspiring to really live in the moment and appreciate every single moment, including the bad ones🤍 Sending all the love and support your way!!
❤️❤️Love to you two always…
I hate when Bec just assumes that she looks horrible when she looks awsome no mater what
You two are such beautiful people who radiate so much light. Continuing to send the good vibes your way 💕✨
Listen to India arie “I am not my hair”.
I so appreciate your approach to losing your hair due to chemo.  I was 50 yrs old diagnosed with breast cancer, HER2nu positive and Estrogen Progesterone receptive.  It was early.  I had a lumpectomy, chemo and radiation.  The chemo nurse told me I would lose my hair within the first 2 weeks.  Well, day 12 arrives, I am now showering and looking for signs, oh, BTW, I had my hair cut in a short shag cut, day 13 I shower in the morning, all is good, that evening I take my daughter to dance and back home we are sitting on the sofa watching HGTV, and I go to rake my fingers through my hair and it is coming out, and I keep doing it, and daughter says to stop, but I don't want to wake up to a bunch of hair in my bed.  The next day I call my hairdresser for an emergency appt. and he shaves my head. I leave wearing my wig I had bought, but I like wore it 5 times, it was so tight and hot, I ended up wearing wet bandanas on my head, I was going through hot flashes in the hottest summer in south Texas.  All to say, when your hair grow back the first 6 months it will be chemo hair, a totally different texture, mine then grew back thicker, and then thinned out as it was before cancer.  Your hair will grow back, and to have a beautiful wig with Eamons hair and yours is so special.  I am praying for you and Eamon and for your complete healing.  You can do this.
You guys are so fun to watch. I just want to encourage you as my sister just finished 6 months of chemo. She is now cancer free! You are also strong and we are cheering you on, you got this! 😀
Bec! I have head moles too! I have one near each temple :D I think yours is super cute! Also, you look amazing with a shaved head, like one of those super trendy runway models.
Bec, you are gorgeous with and without hair. People shouldn’t judge how u look even tho u are a literal goddess. Just know we are all with u during this journey and we love you so much. Keep your head up don’t let ur crown fall 👑 <3 And Eamon you are so awesome for letting Bec know that she is sooo pretty. Best partner award goes to u. You guys are the best and u can do it! Love u guys and keep vibin and thriving <3
Okay the little “I look great bald” YESSS BABE YOU DO!! ❤️❤️
Bec, even if you dont have hair, it wont change who you are! And you will always look good hair doesn't matter!
You two are so amazing! You’re so strong Bec! Praying for your complete healing and restoration. Hair will grow back thicker and stronger and shinier and you and Eamon will look back and tell yourselves “well done, we made it through together!” Hugs
Such a beautiful video of SUCH an incredibly personal subject. You guys are so strong to be sharing this with all of us, and we support you all the way! Honestly Bec, you look absolutely gorgeous - bald and with hair. I think it is your beauutiful soul shining through, no matter what. Eamon you are being amazing - truly supportive and honest in every aspect of this heart-breaking journey. We send you both such love and strength from Colombia! <3
It's amazing how attached we get to certain things✌💜  watch the documentary on U-tube called Heal❤
I cannot believe how beautiful you two are.   Your love and support of each other is beyond inspiring.  #relationshipgoals I pray and hope for Bec's recovery and healthy future.  Thank you for courageously sharing your journey. ❤ You deserve the absolute best, as we all do!    Peace!
Wow yes!  EAMON YOU ARE AN INCREDIBLE PARTNER!  Bec! You are a warrior ❤️‍🔥 You are amazing!!!!!!  You are beautiful!
When you opened the wig box “Natasha” popped in my head for your wig name.
We love you Bec, you're going to be okay- we love you!
When your hair grows back you NEED to have bangs ❤
God bless you. You are strong. Such a beautiful soul
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL BEC ❤️❤️❤️
You are so strong and beautiful!
Eamon kinda looks like jared Leto with the wig
you are beautiful no matter what hair is not what makes you beautiful it's your heart
BEC YOU ARE A WARRIOR
Please, please look into Phoenix Tears- a concentrated form of cannabis extract & watch this documentary by Rick Simpson who cured his own melanoma (skin cancer) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAa1hyJNXkE&ab_channel=HempRevolution  all the best,
A really good show to watch while you’re at home on the days you don’t feel good is “Alexa and Katie” on Netflix. It’s about a teenage girl going through the same things but it shows how even tho it’s a horrible process, it will all be okay and you have so many people around you that love you. All of your fans know you’ve got this. We’re all praying for you and are always here to lift you up! Just read all of our comments❤️
I just wanted you both to know that I have been following your youtube series since covid happened, I have to say I'm so glad yall have the courage to do what you're doing. I think Bec looks beautiful for with a shaved/bald head. She pulls it off! Eamon thanks for being a great man to your woman!
Just too let u know u bec u can literally pull off any hair stage U should try a blonde wig just for fun but remember that u are gorgeous even if u don’t have hair
Bec. You are a force to be reckon with and I don’t say that lightly. You are so strong and watching you face this life chapter the way you have is so incredibly moving . You are giving so many people watching hope and teaching them how to battle life with grace. I’m so honored to get the opportunity to watch you and Eamon as a team love each other effortlessly! In a time of such sadness you have shown such grace and acceptance. It is beautiful and I can’t wait to see you beat this because you my dear are a warrior and this world needs more of becs in it…. Oh yea, more Eamons too because he’s fucking amazing too.
My hair loss journey was almost the same. I cried at all the same stages, and cried while watching this video. Losing hair felt like the hardest part of the whole process.  Thank you for being so open with your journey! The cancer club is a shit one to be a part of but it is also one full of incredible support. From another Canadian, and a very recent sarcoma survivor, my thoughts are with you in your journey. Keep up the fight, you are amazing!
Ah it made me cry when I saw you cry.
Sooooo much love strength and healing and tons of hugs too you both💜💜💜🙌🏼🙌🏼🕊🕊🕉🕉
Love you guys. Sharing this journey..... Is so brave & inspiring. You have probably touched & changed more people than you could possibly know...... In such a positive way. Eamon.......wig off to you, dude!!!! You are an amazing, supportive & loving partner... through all this. And, Bec......stay strong. Keep finding the joy. And... Keep sharing your laughter. You are beautiful!!!!!
It is normal to be sad Bec but very soon after your last chemo, your hair will start growing again. Anyway, I didn’t like wearing wigs. I rather just wore hats and nice earrings. Your face Bec is so beautiful.
When I heard that I was having cancer, it was just like ah okay. Seemed it wasn’t sinking yet but after my first chemo, immediately I started losing my hair. It was already the time that I realized that I really had cancer. It made me cry when I went to the salon and had my head shaved.
The bravery for both of you in this video .. is amazing... Stay brave.  stay true..  and always remain beautiful.. Hair or no hair .. you're a beautiful woman, person - and Eamon  -- my gawd bro.. yer a legend!
Amazingly brave, beautiful and loving video. Xx
Bec you look gorgeous with or without hair. Because you exude your beauty inside and out. You had me bawling throughout this video. I felt your emotions 🥺. I'm so happy that you have a loving, caring, and strong fiancee like Eamon by your side boosting your confidence, not that you need it because you are a strong and capable woman. I just know that you'll kick this cancer in the butt and on to outer space... LOL. Many blessings Eamon and Bec. Take care.
Beeec!! like come on u loook freaking sexyyyyy bold, also we still praying for you
Hey Bec I'm so proud of you for cutting your hair off. I never had the big Cancer but I cut my hair off like that to the skin as well too. Bec you got this the Father Lord Jesus Christ is with you right now. And I always keep you in my prayers all the time and I will keep doing so. Angel Franks from Florence Alabama
Just wanted to say.   Thank you. guys for  being the kind of people that you both are.     Sending Love ❤️ and healing vibes.   Much love
I have one word for how you look with your new hair do BEAUTIFUL!!  ROCK IT GIRL AND KEEP KICKING CANCERS BUTT!!
Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out.  Eamon, you are such an incredible support system.  Love you guys.  Thank you for sharing.  You will make such an impact from your platform.
This was heartbreaking to watch. I am so sorry you have to go through this! it’s so unfair, but I’m truly amazed by your bravery and honesty 💕
I hope you love your wig and you grow all your hair back.
I believe you guys really can go through everything! Love how supportive Eamon is and how strong Bec is! Sending love and hope!🥰🥰🥰
You two are True Soul Mates... Twin Souls. I have always thought, you are like, the male, female, versions of each other. I'm sure you know Kinging It, uk van lifers. If not look them up. She has gone through cancer and come out the other side as you will. Amee, really got into wearing wigs so much, when she had lost her hair, that now, even though her hair has grown back, she loves wearing wigs still. Ps.. you 2, have both been in my van, before I bought it !! Eamon has been in my loo and you, Becs, sat in my hammock lol... sometimes I tell people... hay, Eamon has been in my loo !!! Not many people get through life, without the odd curve ball, life hits us all, at some point... so just think, at least you're getting rid of the crappy bit now and therefore, going to have a super dooper rest of your life together ❤ ❤  You are Such a Beautiful young woman Becs, that shaved, or long or medium or fabulous hats and wigs... You Will Always, look Stunning!!! I do think however, you might have to hang on to those wigs because Eamon is loving his new funky style too !!! Lol ... Eamon, does Hair Metal!!! Lol xxxx You're beautiful people,  inside and out xxxx
It’s so emotional watching behind a screen, so I can’t even imagine the emotions you both must be feeling. Your heart is beautiful and are still as gorgeous as you’ve always been! Thank you for being such an inspiration to all and remaining so positive!💕 Sending positive healing energy and wishing nothing but the absolute best for you both!
You look so beautiful. Thank you for being so vulnerable, big prayers and love and healing peace sent your way!
Oh Eamon. Thank you for being there for our sweet sweet Bec ❤️❤️
Omg love that head wrap
You are so beautiful even without hair, honest to god!!!
♥️♥️♥️
❤️
Love to you two.
You are truely beautiful girl xoxo 😘
Bec and Eamon You guys are the doing well and Bec you will get better and Eamon  you are the example of what all men should be like to their wives👏👏👍
Love you guys sooo much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I watch the show with my 8yr old daughter with hopes she learns a great sense of adventure and the confidence to try anything. We wish you strength and peace on your brave journey.
Oh my gosh bec you bald looks soo good like Ramon was right like I wish I looked good with a shaved head like you love your guys video so much and we are all here with you through this journey 😊
You guys are so beautiful as couple.  Many blessings on this journey. You demonstrate love and healing as you take this.  Your gentle natures will bring you through this like the rock stars you truly are.  Hugsxxx
Just to have to say that you genuinely look gorgeous Bec, I have long hair and appreciate how you must feel about cutting it but you look amazing xxxxxx
I'm from Brazil and I follow them for so long. I'm so sorry.  You will be fine.
An inspiration to every one watching, truly…
Eamon you are the best!!
Wow simply amazing, thank you for sharing your story Bec, i am wishing you the best and hope everything goes great. Your so strong and brave keep going you got this. ❤
Bec, you really have a beautiful face and shaving the hair off just shows it off!  Gorgeous!  Plus, BONUS, no Brazilian waxing!
I have Alopecia Universalis  and loosing your hair (for me) was way worse than being bald. For anyone going through this, consider shaving it and keep it shaved till Doc says it’s time to grow it back for good. 💝
eamon should shave his head and say we are in this together
I just wanted to say I really admire you for how strong you are. How through your emotions, your strength shines through and how amazing it is to witness you. Sending you positive energy and wishing you all the best.
All the love to both of you. Bec you are stunning no matter what - and actually you look really cool bald!!! What a gorgeous shaped head you have lol!! You’re both amazing and inspiring as always. Love!!! Xxx
Remember you are allowed ALL your feelings!
Praying for you girl. May Jesus heal you.
you look so good
Eamon shave your head dude.......🙄
You can get the mole removed! I’ve had 2 removed from my head 💗
I am friends with one of your friends who lives Ohio her name is Amanda
Kind of reminds me of Milly Bobby Brown's character 11 in Stranger Things. She rocked it, YOU rock it! You are so beautiful and strong. And I don't think your community could be any more proud of you!!! Sending love ❤️
You’re amazing 💪🏼❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out!
What I wouldn't give to send @SpeakUpForLee over to your house to comfort you and provide you some of that perfect unconditional Lee love. Chin up! So glad that you have Eamon to help you thru this very difficult time. Thank you for being strong and sharing your journey. Sending love!
You are beautiful just the way you are,  love and best wishes from mexico 🥰💖
Bec looks absolutely amazing bald! I love you guys and am praying for strength and patience, and just all the feelings and everything this process holds for you both. But most of all, praying for healing and renewed health! You're amazing, thank you so much for the encouragement you offer others through sharing this journey with us, and letting us in to the good and not so good times in your lives. You are so greatly appreciated.
Seriously..... You look absolutely beautiful with the bob and bald!  Your facial features are so strikingly beautiful that you don't need hair at all!  (I actually think you should keep the bob when your hair grows back out after chemo cause it is super cute and chic!)  Sending Love!
Sending all my love, you're so inspirational
IM SORRY BUT WHEN OSO FELL OFF THE BED 😭😭 16:50
Bec honestly short hair makes you even more beautiful ,and the without hair version, that is out of this world, my prayers are with you brave girl!
I am blown away by how much love and positivity you can both find in this situation. When one is down the other builds them right back up.  You both deserve so the happiness in the world.  Bec you look strong and beautiful! 💜
"I look great bald"    YES ,YES GIRL YOU DO YOU LOOK GOOD IN ANYTHING !!!!!
Years of the privilege of seeing your life...we think about you every day Bec...we think Lee is missing you too...you make us cry.
All the best for both of you! Beck you are a beautifull bald badass,you look great seriously! Love and Light 🤲💚
I love you bothhhhhhhhhh, the support and uplifting is soooo unmatched and unreal. continue to push through Bec baby, you got this. YOU WERE BUILT FOR ANYTHING🙌🏼. and for Eamon, i tip my hat to you for being such a light during this dark time. you continue to stay strong and even stronger for Bec, she needs you. FROM JERSEY WITH LOVE🥳🕺🏾💜.
With my love from Tasmania Australia xx
❤️
❤❤❤❤
Bec, you’re awesome:) You’re a strong awesome woman🥳🥳!! We love you:) (and Eamon to)
Bec & Eamon you guys are the best for sharing your journey!  I have to say that i love you guys!! I found you guys threw Trent and Allie and I have watched every vlog you guys made!! Please keep the faith and love going strong.. You are in my prayers to the universe and god and ay you find peace in your journey and love!!! I love the bald and beautiful look. You have courage and it is inspiring to see that courage. I know we all don't get to see all of you. You do share when you have a bad day and when you show parts of it it gets me rite in the heart however i know you will come out shining and the courage to do whatever that maybe you do so well!!! Always remember this to shall pass and to find the peace and love from within it will keep you strong, even though there are bad days.. I think the good days out way the bad by far ! Your are an exceptional person from what i see and hear on your vlogs.. That man of yours is a diamond!!! Your are blessed in many many ways!!! congratulations on the one million mark!!! That is a feat!! no many can say on youtube!!   Peace and love Scott east coast love!!
Defo prefer you without hair Bec. ❤️
You are beautiful!!! 💕😊
Just watched this and thought you might be interested in seeing it: https://youtu.be/EloD1Mtc9cI. Sending you both positive vibrations.
I don't really comment on videos but you go girl! You are amazing just the way you are.
Beautif......inside and out, both of you!!!!!!
We appreciate you and your honesty and love xx
Just to let you know, not every woman with a shaved head is a cancer patient. My daughter has shaved her head for two years from long brown hair. She just likes it! You’re beautiful
So proud of you, Bec! I shave my head regularly, and even then it takes me a little time to get used to it. You're doing great!
All I see is a beautiful amazing human, Much love. Thank you for sharing 💜
In a world so filled with fake things, you guys are truly heartwarming <3 I really wish you all the best with your journey.
❤️❤️🙏🏻
You guys r great. Stay strong together. I love u two.  My mom passed from breast cancer. Praying for you both.
You look so amazing with short hair!  ROCK IT.  You are such a babe.  Thanks for sharing with us.
Years ago, my spouse lost her hair due to chemo. It came back eventually. However, she had the guts and fortitude to make a Continuing Legal Education speech to 500+ lawyers without her hair or a wig. Please know life will get better!!! You look Audrey Hepburn cute with the short hair!
So much love for you both, and I admire eamon’s love for your new do!
“I am bald, and I am beautiful.” YES GIRL, YES YOU ARE
Love the bob haircut!
Bec you are SO strong, and Eamon: you are the PERFECT partner for her. Keep doing what you’re doing. Just keep loving her, being there for her. Bec you have a million people loving you from afar. Your hair added to your beauty, but you’re a beautiful woman inside and out.
When i wore wigs after i went bald they made me itch so bad so I just rocked the bald head.
you look STUNNING with a shaved head !!!! so proud of you!
You do look awesome like GI Jane!!
You are strong ❤️
God bless you and that wonderful husband for taking care of you.
Cannot shake the thought that you look like a cool girl from Berlin :)
Hello 😊I have been following you all for quite some time now I found that you two are amazing couple and your journey so far has been wonderful I know we all have our ups and our Downs sometimes it can be quiet hard and difficult you just wow me you are so amazing and strong through this journey that you are going through I do pray 🙏that this journey will be very short all the little clips that I watch of both of you are so motivating everything that y'all do you do it with an energy that's just amazing and very delightful to watch along the way I was not wanting to watch this part of your journey but as I was sitting here I thought I'm going to watch this and you just make it so powerful and so strong it's like you're just selling through it you will both be in my prayers 🙏always you have motivated me lot of times as I have been watching along the way your journey on the road is always exciting now that y'all have a home in the woods it just makes it that much more delightful to watch I love what y'all have done to your home Well for now keep strong and that beautiful smile on your face by the way you look beautiful🌹 seriously many blessings🙏 to both of you💕
We love you guys!! Bec you will look absolutely perfect!
i agree with eamon!! Bec looks super awesome with the new look!! u have a very comparable lookalike with that celebrity named milly bobbie brown who plays the character in stranger things as the super powered girl named eleven!!!  U LOOK RAD!!!!!
You look Amazing 👍😃👍
The hair loss was the hardest part for me. You are brave and beautiful. Wishing you all the best.
Y’all are beautiful!!! ♥️♥️♥️
Continued loads of love to you both!! 💜🙏🏽💜
You  look  cute  Your  husband is  amazing
The past two years I’ve watched y’all and it shocks me what’s going on right now… but I’m proud that you’re being brave. You’re an inspiration. Thank you for sharing..
I've been one those lazy ass people who watch your videos but never really say anything, like, or susbcribe.  Well today that is changing.   This is the day I say hello, and tell you how I feel about you guys and your content.   I've seen many of your videos, a lot of your travels, and pretty much all of the house renos and hijinks.  I love your energy and chemistry as a couple.  I will be turning 60 in April.  I'm twice divorced with 3 adult sons (35 year old from wife 1, and 25 and 21 year olds from wife 2).   I've been a cardiac patient since 49 years old.  I have an ICD/Pacemaker for the last 6 years, and type 2 diabetes (under control) for about a year.  I understand health concerns and medical issues.   Bec, you will be fine!!   Bec you will persevere and be stonger and happier afterwards.  Stay stong.   I'm a fellow Canadian from Laval, QC (Montreal area), and believe you guys do us Canadians very proud.  Eamon is a rock star.  A totally goofy and fun loving guy, who can also get things done when he has to.  Your videos make us cry, smile, chuckle, and LOL.  Bec pay attention and believe what I am about to tell you.   I've been rocking a bald head since my early 40's.  I had rock star hair before that.  I'm lucky that my male patern baldness exposed a great shaped head, that look's great bald.  I've been shaving with a blade ever since.   Over the years I've noticed that some female fashion models were shaving their heads.   It really opens up and exposes their faces.  I can always rock a beard.  Women can't.   YOU ROCK THE BALD HEAD!!!!!   You are a stunning beauty.  I agree with Eamon totally.   He is a great, funny, smart, and good looking young man, who knows he has won the lottery when he snagged you.    You are a beauty who could rock a mop or a Ronald McDonald wig.   Best wishes for your treatment and recovery.   I'm jealous of your talent at being a couple.  My relationships have all failed.   You guys are an inspiration in couple craft.   Good luck in a long and happy future together.  I'm signing off to like and subscribe.
Your smile is what is the beautiful part it was covered by your hair. You are beautiful without your hair! 🙏🏻ing to Jesus that you come thru this journey with remission! ❤️
Dont give up i always belive in you hugs and kisses for you greetings from Germany
I have never commented on anything before but I just had to let you know that watching how you guys go through the things that life throws at you is so inspiring to me. I actually live in Barrie and although I never knew Lee it somehow made it even more poignant to me. I lost my best friend to suicide 7 years ago and I can’t put into words how devastating it was and still is to me. I love how you still include her and honor her in your daily lives because I do the same. And watching you handle cancer and all it’s indignities with such grace and brutal honesty is incredible. My mother was the strongest and most amazing woman I’ve ever known. She was on and off chemo for 14 years and I remember her going through the horrible weakness and nausea, the day she shaved her head, preparing beautiful meals for everyone else that tasted like metal in her mouth. But if anyone asked her about chemo she would say it annoyed her because the appointments interfered with her weekly bridge club. And when asked about her hair loss she would rave about how great it was to never have to shave your legs. She laughed and cried her way through it which allowed us to do the same. She was an inspiration and so are you both. Bec I applaud your willingness to let us all see the realities of it all and I think you are so courageous. Eamon, I don’t want to assume how you feel but I know how I felt and I want to send you huge love and positivity as well because the determination it takes to be the support and love for someone in this battle while also facing you own fear and pain and sadness is huge and I just want you to know you are awesome. I wish you guys nothing but love and strength and peace and to know that people you don’t even know are out here rooting for you.
You look beautiful. Take care. 🥰
You look amazing, Bec! <3
❤️
Stay strong!! You guys got this! You are an amazing team! Love and prayers  for you Bec!
Bec, you just glow with positivity, authenticity, and strength... Eamon, your love and adoration for Bec and your life together is palpable. Thank you for sharing your lives so honestly, the world is a better place for it. Much love from fellow Canadians ♥️ Sara + Sean
Hair is overrated 😁. I’m 50 going bald since I was around 30. Bothered me at first but I’ve been ok with it for a long time. When you place it in perspective it’s a small thing. Get healthy and stay positive 👍.
Oh Bec, you're so beautiful inside and out. Sending you both so much love! Thanks for sharing your journey xx
More love to you Bec❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing this with us. I think most people never actually get to see what cancer is actually like. You two are so strong, and guys out there - take a note from Eamon, this is how you’re supposed to treat your partner. And Bec you look so good we love you so much xoxox
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Stay Strong...everything is going to work out!!!
Bec you look so beautiful with or without hair! Eamon is the best!
thank you for sharing your beautiful journey with us ❤️🥰😘
You are BEAUTIFUL Bec. Praying for you
I stopped this video at 23:38 to just tell you how brave you are. Your courage and positive attitude are so inspiring. I am not sure I have ever been as inspired by something or someone in my life as I have been by witnessing your journey. I was hoping Eamon would take the shaver to his head! But truly, his support and love is unreal to witness. Your vulnerability...there are no words. Unreal. <3 so much love to you.
Bec 💞 your positivity is amazing. But what I admire even more is how you let yourself FEEL. I have my own “duvet days” and I will think of you when I have those. Love you guys.
Bec 💞 your positivity is amazing. But what I admire even more is how you let yourself FEEL. I have my own “duvet days” and I will think of you when I have those. Love you guys.
I hope that both of you realize what an amazing journey you are taking us on, and how you are handling things. Our hearts and love are with you, each and every day
I love you guys
Following your journey and holding you in our thoughts for health and healing.
Wow! Congratulations on reaching a million guys!!🎉 I’ve been there from the beginning! So happy for you!! Much love and light to you both xo💞💖
Becca my heart is with you, as a women hair is one of your appearances that defines who you are. I started losing my hair at 18, i went from having a centre parting and curtains (bob the same length as yours) to shaved bald with a razor, i got funny looks like im a yob / degenerate etc but thats there problem not mine. I know i wasnt in your position, but my mum had breast cancer, started losing her hair so i bought her some funky thai died scarves, she loved them, embraced them. Your also need to think about some of the famous ladies in the world who have bald heads ie Sinead O'Connor, and they rock it, they are beautiful women !!!!!
bec💙 YOU GOT THIS!💯
I shouldn’t have watched this at work 😢. Bec you’re such an amazingly beautiful woman, inside and out. Always. I’m sending hope, light and healing to you. Eamon too. Yes, hair can enhance (or hide) us, however for all of us it’s always been your amazing personality and kindness that has defined you.
Feeling so emotional watching this video… I’m in awe of you both.. Bec you are so incredibly beautiful. You look elfin like with short hair and with no hair..Your eyes stand out and shine. The way you two are with each other is the kind of love I want. It hurts my heart in a good way to see the love between you. Lee was with you and is always with you. I feel it… Sending strength and love from England 💛💛
So strong to put something this vulnerable out there!
Bec, you look amazing with a shaved head. You are so brave to show your journey on YouTube. Keep fighting girl, you got this!! 💪
Your beautiful face stand out without hair ! Get well Bec ❤️
Bec, you are incredible,  your strength to continue to share your journey even at your lowest is inspiring, you will help so many other's as well as yourself by sharing. Eamon you are so incredibly positive and supportive,  your energy will lift Bec in her darkest days and bring her through. You are both amazing huge love to you both ❤❤
Bec. - you are so pretty with hair or without and inside and out!   Sending lots of love!
Wig name...Shelley. LOVE the bob on you Bec!!😍
OMG when you giggled and said "I look good bald" I teared up! It was a beautiful moment and its TRUE
You are very strong I can't even believe what you are going through. You got this girl!!!
Yo Eamon, you totally look like Miles Kennedy in that last shot :D
You are so incredibly strong. Wow. Sending so much love and support to you guys. You can do this!
I know it is difficult for you 🫂 but I must say you look amazing and despite this chapter of you life, this just make you so amazing 🌸🥰  Your partner is a rockstar and I wish every person had that kind of support during this time in your life. You both are such a beautiful souls and we love you both ✨🌠🧘‍♀️🌞 thank you for sharing your inspirering journey ❤
that first hairchop was giving Maria from Sound of music vibes <3 beautiful
My boyfriend had a mole on his head too. They burned it right off. No thang! He was so grateful to not have it get nicked during haircuts and combing it🥰
You look so beautiful like every style you look foxy 😍😘😘
So can relate! 💕
Becca 😇 you rock that bald head💓💯 I did too. Much love to ya Muah👑🙋
sending my love!
❤️🙌🤙rockstars the both of you xx
Bec you are so strong and beautiful. I also know that every one has said that to you so it may start to sound like white noise but you truly are. You will stand on the other side of this  soon.
keep on keeping on!!!!!!!
Much love and strength to both of you. Beck, you rock 💪❤️
Continuing prayer through your journey! ❤❤❤
I have a lil third brain too! You look amazing Bec and I am so encouraged by you sharing this difficult journey. Thank you
Everything is going to be alright
Bec you look like such a bad ass with that buzz cut!!! I loved the bob and I love this look just as much!! Stay strong, we all love you!!
Bec looks smoking hot bald! Positive vibes guys!!✌️
That wig is amazing 🤩 it looks just like your hair. And I definitely agree that short hair makes for a much better shower!
Lots of love 🌹
Stay strong you have a very beautiful strong partner and support behind you
You are such a strong and very beautiful woman. Listen to what Eamon says, you truely look beautiful. Stay positive and strong and all the best to you 🌸
I could always tell from all the videos that Eamon was a good partner and you both are perfect together but seeing how strong Eamon is being for you Bec is amazing and it makes me emotional in a good way because I can just see how much love is there between you guys!
Stay strong and keep fighting 🥰🥰🥰
I love that you stay so positive even if you are going through a rough time ❤️❤️❤️
Beautiful 🙌🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
You are a Rock Star,  Bec..  This too will pass and soon you will be having babies.❣💯💯🙏🙏
You two are the best. Sending strength to you both!
I am literally crying for u Bec ur so strong and amazing and eamon is amazing too ily guys and I support u  in everything ❤️❤️❤️
Girl you're so inspiring, brave and beautiful. Eamon, you're a g
Bec, you look beautiful, leave the long wigs to "stinky pits" ;-)  Congratulations on 1 Million! Thinking of you both from across the ocean, keep positive, medicine does amazing things these days, hair will grow back after treatment and you will have all brand new hair. Sending you lots of positive vibes from Wales :-)
you look so good whitout hair
Watching you from the Middle East and praying for you..  May the Lord be with you, strengthen you and heal you completely in Jesus name.   He is able just let’s have faith in him.  Much love and appreciation for sharing your journey with the world.
You honestly look good in anything! You're beautiful inside and out, sending you positive vibes and thoughts. Love from Montreal <3
You look beautiful Bec inside and out! Amon the love and support you are showing Bec is beautiful to watch.
Being bald doesn’t mean your sick it means your getting the help you need to get better 😀
Hang in there! I've completed my radiation and my  chemo! Your  man said it right, you don't need hair for love! Plants are amazing!!!! I'm on my 3 month break between treatments. I lost my hair during radiation.  Had my  first grandson cut it off for me.   He is 4 years old. Hopefully all goes good for you! Love 💘 you and rest ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
This was such a loving video. My wife was recently diagnosed w cancer as well. She is just in round one. I will take many cues from Eamon on how to be a good partner and care giver. Sending you both hugs from NS.
I know the hair loss is difficult but eventually you get it back, the loss is initially real painful but then... after you rock it for a while you barely notice anymore - except on really cold days then the old noggin  can turn frosty. lol Anyways, I'm glad you are past it, you look fantastic by the way and I hope the rest of your treatment and recovery go very smoothly. Healing prayers heading your way🙏🙏🙏
The hair cut makes me thing of Mary from downtown abbey. So stylish and cute. Ever in my thoughts Bec!
Bec as I sat here crying with you feeling your pain my 8 year old son came to see why I was crying as I paused the video to explain he had not seen you before but he said tell her not to cry she is beautiful as is so powerful so now I am crying again amazing words from a child love you Bec keep strong and love life every day
Hang in there! I feel your pain - mine is growing back but not as quickly as I want it to! Trying new hairstyles with wigs is what I did as well. Finally got to be a blonde!
I sobbed everytime Bec cried. You are going to get through this Bec💜 I know you will, you have such an amazing support system from your friends and family at home and your YouTube family💜 we love you! Xox
I have been following you guys for years and years, and first you made me dream about vanlife and traveling. And then you made me dream of having my own cabin or house to make my own. And now how strange it may sound I dream about having Bec’s strength and Eamon’s positivity
"You don't need hair to get love". That is true love right there. It is so nice for you to have Eamon, Bec. Be stronger everyday wonderful lady.. you will survive BC 🙏💗
Courageous, Thoughtful, Brave, Extremely Beautiful (with or without hair) are just a few words I could use to describe Bec. I've been praying to send you both angels to surround the both of you during your time in need. You will make it through this.  There would be no such things as good days if bad days didn't exist. The world is rooting for you and we all love you both for sharing your lives with us. You help so many through your videos more than you even know. So now its our turn to all say a prayer and do the same for you both. God bless! my friends. Even in tough times remember to find something to laugh about. "A day without laughter is like a day without sunshine"
You look amazing! The shaved head really suits you… you look like Eleven from stranger things, does anyone agree?
Bec, my heart goes to you sister! I cannot not begin to imagine how you were feeling during these time! I am so proud of you for sharing your journey with vulnerability and courage! You are inspiring all of us to be strong and courageous and face life with determination to be real! May God bless you and keep you! 🙏🤗❤️‍🩹😘🥰🙏
My prayers are with you
I been following you guys for so long and I don’t even know why this is the first time I have commented. I feel so attached to you guys.  You guys are an amazingly strong couple that everyone should admire. I send all my prayers to you both.  This will be in the past very soon and you both will be stronger and even more close if that is even possible.
I knew what that fear would be, but you hit it exactly everyone would know.
BEC you are beautiful inside and out and it truly shows. Your confidence just exudes through the screen and I love watching you guys so much I’ve watched you for years. And I remember seeing the first video you guys posted about becs cancer experience. I was completely shocked and maybe  even upset because I thought it was gonna be the end of the eamon and bec  but of course you guys are still here and strong. BEC you’ve always been a ray of sunshine you just glow and you truly give me more confidence than anyone in this world. Continue to do what makes you guys happy because you are seriously the radest people ever. I hope making YouTube videos makes you happy though because I love watching you guys so much! Lol!
please explain to me how to be able to pull off EVERY HAIRSTYLE EVER! you truly have a gift and I'm jealous. Wish I was as beautiful as you <3
Amazing , my mother had cancer and I can understand your feelings 💕💕
Beck you are sooo beautiful. I am praying for you all. Eamon, you are such an amazing support for Beck. I love the way you love her.
You are so brave!! You guys are so inspirational and bec you are so beautiful! Plus I love the wig on Eamon!
Sending you both oh so much love and prayers 🙏
Bec if I didn’t mean this then I wouldn’t leave a comment at all, you honestly look amazing with and without hair. You are so strong and loved ❤️❤️
you both are and have always been a team even on your fabulous  van journeys you have taken with all your fans  we love you and pray for you and your families.  keep being positive and will get thru this.   love that you found wigs there fun!!!
You look fab! And such a brave and important story to tell. Go girl!
you are both incredible! Bec, you're beautiful inside and out! WOW!!!
You are stunning inside and out . ♥️😍 love you so so so much , love both of u . May god bless you . Enjoy the life every single moment,  im with u guys forever ♥️😍😊😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
Wig name ❤️🥰 Wanda
BEC PLEASE  BE STRONG AND PLEASE  DONT CRY  YOU MAKE ME WANT TO  CRY  I AM PRATING FOR YOU 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲
I know how you feel about being on chemo and loosing your hair I was 13 and found out I have stage 3 kidney failure and the only way you treat that is with chemo till it gets bad enough for dialysis and a transplant. I never knew it could be so hard to loose your hair till you go through it and have no choice but to do it because of chemo.
EAMON YOU ARE THE BEST  AND I LOVE YOU
I'm in amazement watching your strength and beauty. You guys are in my prayers.
BEC YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!!
We all love you..... !! Sending many hugs, and lots of prayers...... :)  Stay as positive as you can.....  You're incredibly strong and beautiful without your hair !!
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
My hair is part of my identity, and i could never even imagine what your going through, I truly believe that you will get through this
Call it Wiggy McWigFace ...  Love you both. Stay strong ❤️
Omg you look soooo cute 🥰 with the bob omg 😱
First, you are so brave for sharing this! Second, I have donated my hair multiple times and we have similar hair so if it was long I wish I could have donated it for your wig!
Eamon and Bec you both are amazing !! i never comment but i just had to on this one. Ill pray for you xoxxo
You are a warrior!!!!
That planter was so thoughtful 😭😭
Guys be strong for each other i wish you speedy recovery Bec you are on our prayers
You are amazing ❤️
You are beautiful Bec!! ❤️❤️❤️
Bec youre amazing! Sending you and eamon lots of love x
Bec! You pull off every single style so freaking well! You are so incredibly strong in sharing your story with your audience. Eamon, you are an incredible rock for your partner. Thank you for sharing your journeys. Blessings to you both
Bec, you're so beautiful even without hair. Now your inner glory is shining more than ever. And Eamon is an amazing person. What an inspiring couple you are.
You are so strong my precious beautiful Angel! My heart breaks to see what you are going through. I know that God is with you and he is holding you up so you can get through this. You are an amazing and special woman that is giving everyone an example of courage and strength. God knows you can overcome anything and that's why he sends his best soldiers to the biggest battles. You are amazing and I love you so much! I am also very happy to see the love your husband has for you. May God bless you both always and forever 💖♾️💖
You’re so beautiful!!!  ❤️
Love to you both
Hold on!  Light will overcome darkness!  Ukraine with you!🇺🇦 🇨🇦 🇺🇦🇨🇦🇺🇦🇨🇦
you look sexy with or without long hair ❤️... Amazing things will start to happen when you will stop giving a s##t!
You got this Bec, keep going strong!!!😀😀
You honestly look beautiful Bec even without your locks! And hands down to Eamon for such an amazing partner! The amount of support you embrace Bec with is incredible. Love you guys! Sending lots of love!
This is so raw. How brave you both are to share this vulnerable moment with all of us. Thank you for sharing. You are helping others in ways you can't begin to imagine.
You are a beautiful badass goddess... Love and light on this journey. I will be sending you positive and healing vibes. Such a wonderful support in Eamon you have 💜💜💜
Hold gorgeous do u look bec with short hair.  Incall it a pixie cut. You look super cool. So proud of you and how sweet eamon was tondo the first cut. Hes really a super person and has been by your side throughout this whole ordeal. Wonderful guy. I love your wig. Xxtake care and stay safe 🤗🤗
I like how they are still so positive after all they have gone true and posting their journeys to help others who are not as positive about  cancer
Bec, you look really beautiful with every hair style. Sending lots of love to you & Eamon 💜
Comprendo tu dolor de quedar pelada, yo pase dos veces por ese momento en quince años tuve cancer de mama dos veces, cada 7 años me volvió y me hicieron quimioterapia en dos oportunidades y mi cabello caido y mi cabeza pelada dos veces, el dolor es insoportable!... todo pasa y se supera, el cabello vuelve a crecer.... 💪🏻😍💪🏻😍 fuerza! Animo! Pasa rapido! Eres muy bella y todo te queda hermoso!
You do look beautiful Bec! 😍 Eamon is absolutely right!
Va va voom!😎👍
Love you so much.  Be Strong.... Be Patient... Be Confident.
Hi guys I fell in love with you when I saw you on selling the vagabond I would like to shave my head and honour of your journey looks so beautiful good luck Eamon you are just a darling
I’m sobbing 😭 it’s so crazy to have been watching you for so long and watch you go through such an intense journey. You are showing women everywhere how strong we really can be. So much love for you ❤️
It  is so normal to feel attached to your hair!  Most of us do. I shaved my head before and even though I changed my hair all the time, it was hard. But it was the most freeing thing I have ever done. We are still beautiful with no hair. YOU are so beautiful, just like Eamon said. I mean it. You look great without hair! Thanks for sharing this jorney.  <3
Bec you have such a beautiful head shape! You have such a kind smile and beautiful features that are just able to SHINE! AND I love head scarfes. SO CUTE 😍
You guys are amazing. Much love and healing to you both. 🌸
You are both amazing and beautiful people inside and out. Eamon is right you look beautiful. Bec you are so self-aware and know exactly what you need. You are an incredibly strong woman. Eamon you support Bec in the most beautiful way. Thank you for sharing your vulnerability and your journey. You've got this!
Love you guys so much, Bec we will stay strong with you! ❤️💪
Still looking hot Bec!  Not sure how you do it 🙊😍   Sending our love from Australia x
You look beautiful , this was hard to watch without crying every 5 secs. You are brave, courages, and bold. Thank you for being you ❤️🌞🙏🏻
God bless you both ...Your husband is such a great best friend... wishing you strength and happiness
Bec, you are absolutely stunning. Not just because of how beautiful you are on the outside, but because of how genuine and positive and enthusiastic and REAL you are. Cried the whole episode with you 😭
Eamon is sooo very kind and supportive. And Bec you are such a beautiful person. I have watched this video with tears in my eyes. Good luck for you both in this period! A lots of love from the Netherlands ❤️❤️
💕💕💕💕
Bec, you look amazing and are so lucky to have a wonderful partner like Eamon. You’ve got this girl!! You rock and you will be in my prayers!!
I have following you for years, we are here with you. You both are amazing, I admire your energy and resilience.much love and energy
BIG LOVE to you both! You’re an absolute inspiration Bec 💕
thanks for sharing this with us, sending all the love and good vibes!!!
eamon you go man helping her through this and bec is being stronger than i would i would have did sucide for my hair
Such a beautiful couple and so supportive of one another.   Thank you for sharing your journey with us.....and yes, you are truly beautiful bald.  Stay strong...oxox
I love you guys. You are amazing together and an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your journey and being so honest and raw about everything. 💖💖
So proud of you guys.  You both inspire me and plenty of others
It took me two days to watch this because it was so raw and real.  You are amazing! You are literally helping so many people!  The only word that comes to mind is Brave!
❤❤
You look like Demi Moore 😍 so gorgeous ❤️ shows off your beautiful features and totally suits you 🙏🏼 and Eamon you are so supportive and loving, it’s beautiful to watch ✨ sending strength and love to you both xxx
You are literally the most beautiful and strong woman! Huge shout out to Eamon for being a rad and supportive partner! Much love you y'all!
Good luck bec
Love you!!!!!!
Could not love you two more after seeing years of your journey online. So inspired by you, Bec. (Happy International Women's Day - a day late!) ❤
💜
You guys are such amazing people. I have laughed and cried with you through this journey, and it’s so special to get to be a part of it. My mother passed away from breast cancer when I was three years old, so this is in one way kind of hard to watch, but I’m so glad that you are shedding a light on what it is really like to go through something like this, as a couple and as a family. I really appreciate it, much love. ❤️
I remember shaving my hair off because I got annoyed with how crap it looked, it do however remember how liberating it was shaving it off.   Stay strong hunny xx
"Hey Baldy" "Hey Buddy" ❤️❤️❤️❤️
my cousin has cancer and had to shave i wanted to support her but i didnt want to shave so i cut most of my hair for her
I wish my parents had looked at my Mums cancer with this much hope and positivity. I wonder if you guys have any idea how much your videos could truly impact the treatment of other cancer patients. The hardest thing is to not let fear take over and to keep hope alive. Your mental state 100% aids in healing. I wish I could have shown them your videos. My Mum gave up and lost all hope, and so did my Dad. He couldn't be her strength when hers was failing because he had none of his own. Little did we know but he himself had stage 4 cancer while she was battling hers. I miss them both every minute of every day. I wish you both so much love. So, so much.
You look stunningly beautiful Bec. Thank you for sharing your journey <3
Bec! Long hair, short hair, no hair you’re beautiful. Gotta have a shout out to Eamon as well, you rock dude! Keep positive guys, you’ve got a great life ahead of you. And big kudos on sharing this journey, I’m sure it’ll help a lot of people. Take care guys 🤗
Soit forte  et que dieu soit avec toi
I have never ugly cried with a youtuber but here I am. Oh, Bec you are so beautiful and strong. The fact that you are sharing this journey with us is amazing. You don't have to yet you both are inviting us to see such raw emotions as others have said here. Long hair to bangs to bob to bald...you are rocking them all.  We all need an Eamon in our life. What a fantastic partner you have to go through this with. Your youtube family (can we call ourselves your family? please) loves you both and are praying for you.
You look absolutely stunning Beck! It may not feel like that at times but just know and remember that you are not your hair x you are you and you are amazing! Stay strong! ❤️ And lots of love from Germany!
Your beautiful Bec. God bless you.
Ahh..I second Emon you look AMAZING. Bec..it will grow again 👏👏❤️❤️❤️ i pray for you to heel fast 💪💪
I just have to say that Bec looks so good and powerful bald
Beck you are a badass woman your a tiger your earning your stripes  Eamon your such a good partner but dont forget about your self Big power hug from your friend from the Netherlands
I’m not really the praying type but I have you in my thoughts every morning Bec as I drink my coffee and take a quiet moment before tackling the day.... you are one seriously strong badass woman, sending you all the love xxx
Much love to you bec your one strong lady what a lovely guy eamon is you do what’s best for you can’t believe how short hair suits you love from England x
iloveyou bec <3
Be strong! We are with you Bec!!!
I love how sweet and supportive Eamon is. Moreover I love how beautiful you are and how beautiful you look. You really are a strong Queen. Continue to embrace the bald head because you stand out even more than you did before. ♥️ With Love, Natasha
Eamoms support is melting our hearts ❤️ “I think I could really get into wigs” “ya why not” so cute
Look like a boss! Like rose namajunas! 💪🌹❤️
U look beautiful with short hair
You guys are such beautiful couple the way you are there for each other is just simply beautiful to watch. Eamon you are simply amazing no other words. This will bring you more together is that possible :) l don’t personally know you guys but feel so much love for you. May God bless you all. Sending love your way.
we love you bec!!
I am a bald old man. Yet I cried all the way through this video. Love and best wishes to you both!
Bec, you look absolutely incredible, i admire how strong you are ❤️ i wish i could give you the biggest hug, i’m very proud of you!! Eamon you are an amazing partner, so patient, encouraging and loving you are to Bec. Sending you guys lots of love from Florida ❤️
Aw :( I’ve been watching you guys for a while. I grew up with my mum who had breast cancer for most of my childhood. Watching you go through the beginning really does bring it back. You’re so strong! Watch this back on days you don’t feel it. We found that swimming really helped her when treatments got rough, it’s a good way of your body moving without it holding its own weight, kind to the joints. Wishing you the best. Love ❤️
You're both HOT BABES with and without those wigs!!!
hallo!, ive watched this channel many times because of your van conv, i dont know you as person but i feel for you and im here for you❤️
Bec you look great with or without hair… you and eamon stay strong. Hair today gone tomorrow… when you get this chapter over and done with, you hair will grow back better than ever.. sending love 💕 ❤️
Totally rocking the GI Jane/Mad Max Thunder Road look.
You rock the bald look and pull it off really well, some people don’t. You are beautiful and you are strong. Thank you for sharing
Amazing powerful strong couple!! Sending love from the UK on your journey.
Bec you are so beautiful, you guys a wonderful couple supporting! I cried thank you for sharing your story ❤️
You both look absolutely amazing. Thank you for sharing this vulnerable journey with all of us.. Your smile through it all is incredible to witness. Sending tons of love and hugs from France
My first comment on YouTube in 6 years..........Bec.......you look beautiful and amazing (I mean it from my heart).......best wishes to you both
I can’t imagine how hard it is to go through what you’re going through and parting with a huge part of your identity but I genuinely think you look so so good with a bald head and I just wanted to let you know that!
When you spoke about your long brown hair defining who you are really hit a nerve with me. Seeing you be so strong through this video has really given me the courage to look at why I'm holding onto my hair because you are right, it's not what defines us.........its hair! Love you <3
Still looks good with no hair. gi Jane
Wow. What an amazing journey.  It took me 3 days to pick up the courage to watch it cause the front pic scared me. But no nothing like what I thought it was going to be. Well done. I’m proud to be part of your tribe. Xxxx
Lot's of love Bec 😘 ❤ ❤ ❤ you're so strong...
I love you guys.
Honestly Bec. You look so beautiful with no hair. If i was looking as half as beautiful as you do I would've shaved mine too . For real
Bec you are absolutely so precious. I have to say you look absolutely so beautiful with no hair at all. You look absolutely stunning, no kidding! Not many women can pull this look off, but you conquered it! Also, how bless you are to have Eamon to love and support you through this difficult time I know you would do the same for him. Nothing can shake the love you have for each other. Love is all you need to get through this time in your lives. Keep marching, you both got this! 💛 From Northern Ca,
You’re very strong bec❤️ even stronger for filming your journey hair or no hair you look beautiful!❤️
You are so beautiful inside and out.
You guys ❤️ Bec, I have a mole I’m self conscious of on my head too! But you look incredible. You have such a beautiful bone structure, you totally rock No hair! Eamon, you’re an absolute gem for keeping everything light hearted. You’re the best couple to go through this because you’re so strong and full of love 💕
Honest. Naked. Beauty. 🙏❤
Sharon her name (THE WIG) should be “SHARON”!!!
Y’all amazing. I never said that in anyone channel but you guys give me strength. It’s just awesome beautiful
Bec you are so brave to share your cancer journey, this will be of so much help with many women.  Eamon you are such a loving partner and God bless you both and I pray for complete healing for you.
You guys!  You are beautiful inside and out!
I’ve never been prouder of someone who I have never met. When you cried, I cried. When you chose to find the positives in your day, it gave me the courage to do the same. You are a light Bec and a complete queen. Also, you can rock any hairstyle! Eamon, you are an amazing partner. Sending all of my aloha from Hawai’i ❤️✨🌈
Such beautiful souls y'all are. Thank you for taking us on Your journeys and sharing life and love. Hugs from Texas.
You two are EVERYTHING and Bec you could literally put a lump of dog shit on your head and still be Gorgeous it comes from the INSIDE and you have it YOU GOT THIS and Eamon you are  JUST A GOOD MAN God Bless you both .....
i hated your hair now i lve it
Love from Dubai! Praying for you
Bec, you're not only beautiful, but your courage in sharing this journey is astounding. You have no idea how much you're helping others in a similar situation. Sending love from the UK xxx
Omg you suit it!!! Such a vibe.
New sub here ❤ you brave courageous inspiring human being. Good luck on your journey 🌷
Darling girl...you have a pretty face and a fabulous attitude.  And you have a really beautifully shaped head.  That was a difficult thing to go through but you handled it with dignity and grace and I am sure will be a great help to anyone in the same situation.  It was an object lesson to us all that the fear of taking an action is a lot more intense than the living of the action.  Now you know that, nothing will ever be as decimating again because you carry inside the template for success.  Sending reiki.
Looking good
💜💜💜
More and more power, joy to you guys Bec and Eamon!👩🏻‍🤝‍👨🏼♥️
You are amazing. You’re both amazing. Thinking of you and sending lots of love and positive energy your way. 😃😀😄😆😉🙃🙂 Bald is beautiful. You’re beautiful, Bec!!!Eamon….eehhh….you ain’t so bad yourself!!!😀
💛
Watching this video I was in tears with you Bec. You’re so strong and absolutely gorgeous. Keep pushing through girl you got this! You have an amazing support system with your hubby. 💕💕💕
“You don’t need hair for love” or to live life ❤️  xoxo I’m with you on this journey and praying along as well. God bless.
Go bald too man
Beck, you are beautiful inside and out, hair or no hair 😘😊🥰
Where i's the tissue??? SUPER WOMAN 💪
I have been a subscriber for a very long time. Bec, I just want you to know that I actually teared up watching this episode. Your strength is what makes you so great! Thank you for allowing all of us to be part of you journey. Always praying for the both of you...... Frank in Florida :)
You both are unreal! Keep strong. Your an inspiration
Bec, your baldness is your power! Embracing it during this time makes it a symbol of your true, strong, spirit. From that perspective there is nothing to be embarrassed about in public. My prayers are with you and Eamon.
You are such a beautiful young woman. You are more beautiful bald because you are willing to share your story with everyone. So you can help everyone with their  own journey and struggles.
Crying with you Bec. Sending all the love and prayers xoxoxoxo
Now I just want to shave my head and just donate to charity!! 😘😊
Prayers to both of you.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think." …. and more loved than you could ever know (I added on that bit).— Christopher Robin, Winnie the Pooh  Stay strong, hold on to hope, you will beat this 🥺
Bec you look *just* like Eleven out of Stranger things! So fucking cool!
You look amazing girl!!
Ur so strong bec pull thru it!!
I was so right there with you, girl!   I AM so right there with you! How strong you are!
You seriously look great in every length ❣️
You don't have to have hair to be pretty bc you ARE so pretty with or without hair!!!!! I can't believe how well you're going through this your so strong! I only just started watching you late last year and you're going through so much but you still push through and that's what I love seeing bc you make me confident! I thought I was strong bc I have eczema so I'm really embarrassed and insecure about it but I realize people go through WAY harder things than me and that I should be more grateful! Tysm for not giving up on yourself and seeing the positive side of things! 💗 I think you look GREAT without hair and I'm not just being nice it's really pretty also the wig looks so good! 👩‍🦲=BEAUTIFUL! Love your YT channel and content! <3 Also Eamon you are such a great fiance to Bec she's so lucky! 💗💗 Sending love and good luck to you from New Zealand! 🇳🇿(You probably won't see this but its ok anyone else who sees this and is going through the same thing you are so strong too and you can push through!)💕
Bec you loook sooo beautiful in any ways!!! 🖤 🙏 😍
Bec! Darn! The short hair is amazing!
You're such an amazingly strong, brave, loved and beautiful women. Thank you for sharing this and we are here to support you. Xoxo Eamon you're a great partner.
I cried the entire time watching this, but because you are so brave! They way you are both dealing with this chapter of your lives is incredible. Together nothing is going to stop you. Sending you all so much love
You are beautiful inside and out💖🌷
You are awesome and beautiful 💕
“You don’t need hair for love” 😭so sweet to have someone supportive and loving along your side on this journey! Such a blessing! Your a women of strength Bec! Much love!
I hope you get better soon Bec.
You are doing great! Power on! ❤
Awww Kara and Nate were on the way to see you. I'm loving your strength and your optimism. My brother was 7 when he passed of brain cancer he lost his but got facial hair from all the steroids they gave him. It was one of his many jokes. I love you guys. 🌻🌼🌷⚘🥀🌹
You are such a strong beautiful human Bec. Bless you on this journey 💛💛💛🙏🙏🙏
Wish you both the best.I love that the both of you continue to be open with us and take us all along your journey to recovery.Your so brave and inspiring continue to take it one day at a time.YOU GOT THIS!💜💜💜💜
You look amazing B🤗
Sending you so many hugs dear Bec! You have the best support system, it truly shows ♥️🥺
https://youtu.be/9u8OtILFLsc
Aaww Bec. If only you knew how much of an Inspiration you are! Please Keep your Head up, YOU GOT THIS!!! 🙌 Keeping you in my Prayers. 🙏 You are So Beautiful inside and Out. Love and Blessings all the way from Melbourne, Australia. ❤💛💚
Bec when I was 16 I shaved my head because I felt like I was always hiding behind it and wanted to break free from that and it was so so so liberating and made me feel so free and taught me so much about who I am and not to give a single fuck about what other people think of me. I loved it, it's soooo easy to maintain and feels so good and looks so badass. You're fuckin cool don't forget it.
My little sister is a bc survivor.  You will make it through this. I’m proud that you are sharing this journey. Trent and Allie shared about cutting her hair for you.  Thank you.  Keep smiling!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
♥️♥️♥️♥️ sending lots of love ,you look great
Hi Bec & Eamon - Strength and peace from Seattle, thank you for sharing your journey. It’s good to be a team for everything involved, I was surprised to see so many people going through all of it by themselves without any family or friends when I would take Siggi for infusions and other visits. Every day is a step forward. Take care, Eric and Siggi❤️
You look amazing, Bec❣️
I have waited 2 days to watch this video.  I didn’t want to cry and I knew I would.  Words are hard for me after watching.  Bec- Your willingness to be open and honest in the battle is such a blessing.  You are embracing things you have no choice or power over,  except your own attitude.  I love that about you!  Eamon- you remind me of my husband.  We all know he has his own struggles in this battle, but Bec is first and foremost to him.  Love and hugs to you both.
I met you here ,about a year ago,,and have followed your journeys...I,m aTwo year nomad..in my short..skoolie..Youre both Insiring,,lovely  and TERRIFIC
big hugs from Lawrence and Rowena, northcoast BC.we love you guys
You are so amazing and courageous Bec, I am so moved by your strength and even when you feel weak, you own it and accept what life has thrown at you.  You are an inspiration, you are so beautiful.   I am so proud of you!!!  I love you, you will get thru this!!!  xoxo  Prayers for you on a daily <3  Thank you Eamon for putting a smile on her beautiful face when she is vulnerable and weak, it shows such genuine true love <3
You are lucky to be so beautiful.    My heart goes out to you to have to deal with this at such a young age.
My son saw you and said she still looks good 🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
India.Arie ft. Akon - I Am Not My Hair (Official Video)  https://youtu.be/E_5jIt0f5Z4
Honestly Bec you can pull any hair look and style. You looked cute and beautiful in each one. You are so brave and strong. I love the way Eamon supports you. You two were made for each other.
Thank you Eamon for being there for Bec and thank you Bec for staying strong for Eamon. 💕❤️
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Your beautiful no matter what.  ❤️. My prayers are with you both but I know you will prevail!  I can’t wait until you ding that final bell… it will happen!
Y’all are absolutely amazing, thank you for sharing your story, sending all the love
You are incredible, Bec. Just pure magic. Sending lots of love ❤️
best wishes ⭐
💙 ❤ 💛
Bec - you look so powerful. ✨
omg you make me wanna cut my long hair that i've had since forever! So glam!
The Way you GLOW BEC! ❤️ You’re such a strong amazing soul!  The source that spark so much love and inspiration for so many of us! Who love you guys and support you guys so much! 🌌
🤗🤗🥰🥰💚
G.I JaneBec hairstyle is awesome!! No matter how the hair is you were born beautiful so props to your parents! Eamon is a troop and an example of a partner! Prays to both of you guys and this to shall pass!
Go girl you rock the bald look. ♥️
I agree with Eamon, you rock the saved head. 🤘🏼
Eamon, you are such a trooper for being so supportive! Bec! You are beautiful. You are stunning. And you are powerful and strong.  You got this!! ❤️
I love you as a fellow women and a women who is going through a journey such as yours. I am completely honest when i say, " you look so dope with a shaved head" . If i didn't feel this way, i would keep my thoughts to myself. I'm ready to shave my head in support of you.
Bec, you’re an amazing human being. In total admiration of your vulnerability. I had to pause at the end of your shave and go find this video: https://youtu.be/LU_mJDOB7ZM Demi and her bad ass. You’re emanating that Badassery!   Eamon, man. I hope you’re finding time for yourself. To refill, refresh, and continue to give and support your love-buddy.
Bec, you look so beautiful like the person you are.  You've been so strong through all of this, and I, along with so many I know, am proud of you.  Just keep positive and continue to be the amazing person you are.  Always here supporting you every step.
Stay strong! We're praying for you!❤️
You look so great. Keep it up, we are with you! <3
My first thought was that you look like Snead O’Connor, google her.
Eamon is so sweet and supporting!! You’re a lucky girl :) I love your guys videos and authenticity. Stay strong Bec ❤️
Such an inspiration…. God bless you 2 😇
You look amazing and your strength of will and heart are very inspiring. YOU GOT THIS WOMAN! I believe in YOU. Love and blessings to you both and your families. <3
OMG!! I'm so jealous you can totally be bald, YOU look amazing!!! You have  amazing bone structure I don't think you should ever grew it back.
🌸💜🌸
You are beautiful 🤩
Praying for you both.  Thank you for sharing your story.  Thinking of you both.
My mom had stage 3 breast cancer and lost all of her hair. She started taking a vitamin called St.Tropica, and her hair has grown back significantly fast. She said you should try it.
Thank you for sharing. You are helping so many people. Not only people taking on cancer, but others facing any number of life altering challenges. Your strength, vulnerability, courage, humor, sensitivity, optimism... they are all a bright light for anyone going through dark times. I can see the pain and sadness you're experiencing but how you are working hard every day to bring in all the other emotions and experiences of life for balance and hope. You're doing amazing, you look amazing, and you are so capable of getting through this. <3
You are stunning without hair!! 😍
You go girl you look so gorgeous being bald. You are bald and beautiful girl. Don’t ever forget that
You are strong I was crying for you 😭😢
Oh man you two I cried the whole way through this. Bec you are so damn strong and brave and wonderful,  and Eamon, what a sweet loving man you are. I am so glad you two have each other. Big hugs and love to you both.
Sending lots of love your way!  Stay strong!
Love you so much Bec!!!
You are amazing beautiful😘
My dear bec:i am wishing you quick recovery and lots of happiness.💕💕
Now I want to shave my head balled bc u are so pretty
We love you Eamon and Bec thank you for being so amazingly real and raw! You guys are the definition of beauty inside and out thank you :) shedding many tears with you both this week
I love you; takecare my beautiful souls.
Honestly not having hair is your decision, no matter what you decide, we all will be here to support you.  And Eamon is so supportive, he is always looking at the bright side, that’s so amazing.
You are so brave I love u so much u have been going throw a lot and I love u and i will be with u for the hole way throw
My 7 seven old son watched this with me and said you look like a rock star when you shaved your head Bec. He also wanted to cast a spell with his wand to kill cancer, its the elder wand so hopefully it worked. Stay strong Bec and Eamon, your doing awesome.
Bec, you're so beautiful and brave and strong! Thank you sooo much for sharing your fight with us! I feel very lucky to be a part of your journey! Stay strong always! We are also here sending our prayers and support!!
Bec your so beautiful inside and out. You are able to have any hair style look so cute on you too, oml 💕 Many hugs from me to you. ❤️🤗
Cut yourself some slack, you are beautiful inside and out. I am a 20 plus year survivor of cancer and I still get scared every check up. Your beautiful light shines through and I know you are going to be ok. Eamon  is a dream, so supportive  Take one day at a time I will be praying for your fast recovery
You both are amazing! I hate watching you go through pain but seeing your love is inspiring. All my good vibes are going your way ❤️
You are such an inspiration.  I have an appointment on April 4 for surgery.  You keep me going.   You are gorgeous!   Thank you.  I know you can’t always be strong, but thank you for show me how to take on every day.
You both amaze me. Hold tight to each other.
❤️❤️❤️
Sending so much love ❤️
Thank you Eamon and Bec for sharing your brave reality with us. I feel blessed to have seen this video. I’m losing my vision. Probably not as fast as you lost your hair. (By the way, it looks beautiful on you). You give me courage to face each plateau on my journey. I’m legally blind and now losing more. I see through a tunnel that keeps getting smaller. I only see silhouettes in my left eye and in my right eye the tunnel is about a quarter size, but I can still read through that tunnel. When people become blurry and I can’t see detail I will learn to see them in new ways. We adjust and move on, right Bec. Thank you for sharing your heart. You just helped me through a tough day. Love you guys. Praying for you.
Sending light, love, strength and hugs to you Bec… you’re braver than you know, stronger than you ever thought… 💞💞💞💞💞
you guys are amazing!!1
I am so sorry for what you're going through I am praying for you and I hope you fight this real for real I have family members went through cancer it's a rough time go through something like that just wanted to let you know love from Roy Utah USA
Crying, smiling, sobbing, love you guys x
You both are loved!
Bec is stunning with hair and without!!  Such a natural beauty. Love the all the new plants. But especially love the relationship you two have together. I feel blessed to get to be a part by watching. Lots of prayers sent your way.
Beautiful!
God cares about the little things as well as the big things.  hugs
You look beautiful as ever Bec 💜
Things are moving pretty fast I love you both I’m sending all the good vibes and prayers you guys deserve the world
Hello from Greece. You look so beautiful even bold and not a lot of women can pull that off.Ive been following your channel for 3 years.love u guys I'm channelling all my positive vibes to you.
Bec, you can do it! Remember to check in on Eamon's well being too.
Many women in my life (family, friends), went/are going through what you are going through now.  My mother shaved and wore a wig in the 90’s. A friend shaved and just wore a bandana & hats on really sunny days  (2010’s to today).   Do what feels right for you, but do protect your skin on your head from the sun.  It’s kinda cool that you can use your own hair for a wig.  The bob looks awesome.
You’re beauty shines n shines 🌟 simply radiant both of you
Love you so much Bec! You got a wonderful husband Eamon and he’s the role model for the guys out there literally! I’ve been there for you guys since the van life started from the Africa and will keep supporting and be with you guys when Bec will be cancer free! ❤️
I love you with the wig and without it’s your division but I think you look beautiful with out it
Eamon, don't think that we're leaving you out! Not a chance! Sharing this journey with Bec - with us,  has opened my eyes in so many ways. You are teaching us how to be kind, empathetic, caring and compassionate while at the same time stepping away to take care of ourselves. I watch you carefully, listen intently as you support Bec and I use the tools that you are teaching to help two of my students who have a younger brother battling cancer.  Sometimes they confide in me how they are feeling (I am blessed that they do) and I am able to acknowledge their feelings, empathize and support them in a way that I could not have done before.  Because of you, I better understand how they feel and have grace when their emotions are overwhelming and they need to vent more than they need to do Math or English or Science! I understand their need to be there to help their parents care for their brother and how that might be why homework isn't done. I can empathize with their situation because you have taught me by allowing me to watch you in yours.  For that, I am forever grateful!  Stay strong, but remember, you cannot pour from an empty cup. Take care of yourself, too!
beautiful
I totally understand you about loosing your hair because I also think that it’s the only thing that makes me beautiful. But seeing you go through this journey, makes me think otherwise. You are beautiful inside and out, Bec. I will always be here praying for your recovery, crying alongside with you and cheering you on from the other side of the world. You always inspire me. You got this, Bec.   -Your fan from Philippines since 2018. 💗
No better video to watch on international women day. you are a role model to thousands - including to me. You are so strong and are effortlessly beautiful!
Bec, I know I've posted this before, but I cannot tell you how much I am learning from your heartfelt and brutally honest posts. Not only the process, but the emotions and courage and strength that you show us gives the opportunity to learn how to be more understanding and empathetic to others going through the same thing.  Today, when my 12 year old student who is battling cancer entered my Zoom meeting, we started with a 30 second dance party, then I told her how beautiful she looked today (she, too, has recently lost all of her hair to chemo)! She was beaming the rest of the class. And at the end, I remembered to focus on complimenting her radiant smile and bravery and told her we were all in her corner rooting for her.  I cannot take away the pain or fear or anger that I am sure course through your veins (or hers), but I have learned from you (and Eamon) how to compliment her bravery, beauty and courage and I'll always remind her that she is not alone, because of you.  And you, my friend, are not alone either! Thank you for sharing your journey. It's making a huge impact in the lives of all of us - and then some!
Hi there Bec, thank you for sharing your journey. You are so incredibly courageous. You are stunningly beautiful without hair and not just physically but your glorious soul shone through for all to see. My soul is with you along with my prayers. Eamon keep doing what you are doing for Bec cause youre amazing and love you have for each other is breathtaking. x NZ
🙏❤️
you are so strong and beautiful and beyond AMAZING xo
Bec you are so beautiful and it's because you have such a happy and kind soul , I think you look hot bald btw 😍 and Eamon you . . . You have such a kind and beautiful soul as well , how supportive and caring you are , you can honestly see how much love you both have for each other, such a wonderful pair y'all are. #blessingtoeamon&Bec❤️
We love you both stay safe a lot of blessings from our side
You guys- so inspiring !
Come on Eamon,  it's your turn to get the buzz cut! Yes I dare you!
Thanks Bec for taking us along on your journey and being so open and honest. You are a strong woman with an amazing supportive partner in Eamon and I’m sending positive healing thoughts your way. Stay strong!
Holy moly that wig is you! And I love the hat wig on Eamon!
Beautiful with wigs, scarves, but especially bald...you are rock'n this no hair look! I love it! Prayers for healing, peace, and strength on this journey🙏💜
You’re so beautiful! I love you both and am praying for you ❤️
You look absolutely beautiful! Neither hair nor cancer defines you. YOU are amazing, and gorgeous, and lovely and spiritual and so so so awesome!!! Keep smilin Bec and Eamon. You will make it through this journey and be so much stronger together for it.
Lots of love!!!! Bec you loook amazing! 😍😍
Beautiful…inside and out. Thank you for sharing your journey.
Bec, you are the sweetest heart.
الحمد لله على نعمة الصحة والعافية وإسلام الحمد الله على تنفس طبيعي والنظر والسمع والكلام والمشي والضحك والبكاء والفرح والسعادة الحمد الله على كل حال
Thank you for sharing.
Sweet Bec, This is a powerful and emotional video. You are so brave and strong. You have Eamon standing beside you every step of this heart-wrenching journey. He is obviously head over heels in love with a beautiful woman.  This brought back memories of my own journey with hair loss due to chemo. When it didn’t happen for days after my first treatment I thought I would defy the odds and not lose my hair. Then one day it started coming out in clumps. I relate so much to your highs and lows as women identify themselves so much by their hair.  All the best to you both as you continue your journey.
You are an amazing warrior♥️
You are smart, you are beautiful, you are strong, you are an inspiration. We love you!
Bec ur so powerful and Eamon is just such a kind partner
Hey Bec you are super star 🌟 LOL  xxx
I'm humbled to watch such strong characters fight such a hard battle. I think that you guys are just amazing.
Tears the whole way through this video. I would love to send Bec a little gift, could you share a postal address? Send you both so much love.
You are beautiful Bec. Hang in there. Many people are praying for you. My husband went through chemo in 2018 and his hair came back. I could handle him bald, but I really didn't like him not having his beard and mustache. Thankfully that came back too. 😊
❤🧡💛💚💙💜
YOU LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL😄😄😄, hang in there girl you got this!!! Your family is WORLDWIDE!!
Just sending love ❤ I aways though that Bec would be beautiful even bald and yeah she is.
Thank you for sharing such a personal journey. You are beautiful! Hair isn't what makes a person beautiful. Also, Eamon, thank you for taking such good care of Bec! You show us every time how to be supportive and encouraging.
love you guys and very grateful for ALL of your building talents - this safe space, your story, your cabin and van...your journey together ...thank you so much for sharing it with me xxx
You are so beautiful Bec you could rock any hair style. Stay strong...... beat cancer don't let cancer beat you. You have this!!!!!
Bec, your bravery in showing your journey with cancer is truly inspiring!  You could choose to hide the times when you are feeling low, but by not hiding them, you are showing others that are going through this that it is ok to feel whatever you are feeling and know that you will always get through it.  Eamon, you also deserve a gold star for being such a wonderful, caring, compassionate and loving partner to Bec!  Sending lots of healing prayers and love to you both!  You got this Bec!
Much love, positive vibes and god bless!  You all go this guys!!! 🤗
Sending love.
You both are doing a great job! Please keep thinking on the bright side. I will always support you! You also look beautiful!
I absolutely love your haircut! You look so beautiful!
What a incredible inspiration you are. Thank you. ❤
You both are beautiful amazing people! I love you guys so much!  Beck I love your strength through everything. Eamon I love how you are her support. Thank you both for sharing your life with us. Beck I truly wish the best easiest road to recovery. Kick cancers ass! I have so much love and respect for you both! 💖
Beautiful.  You are so beautiful.  I have never met you yet feel so close.  You both are strong people.  Putting something so intimate out for the world to see is so brave.  I take strength and courage from you.  As always, you are in our thoughts and  prayers
♥️ just ♥️
You look beautiful
Bec!!! You look so freaking sexy with short hair😍 oh my goodness
Y’all are awesome,  prayers daily.
You look amazing bald!
You look so pretty!
You'll be back on top soon Beck keep happy thoughts no worries
I’ve been following your guys’ journey for years now and I am so proud of how far you’ve come. I first found your channel when you did the original van build, Trinity, and I’ve been following along ever since. Both of you have the most infectious personalities and the best sense of humour. With everything going on, I find myself crying and laughing along through the entire process WITH you. You two are both so strong and I have no doubts that Bec will make a speedy and strong recovery. Bec, I know you’re struggling with the loss of your hair but you are so strong and so beautiful, and you look hella cool bald. Don’t forget that you have me, and the rest of your followers along for the ride and we are rooting for you. And Lee is always watching over you and is there for you, even in then toughest times. You are not alone. Keep rocking it.
I wish you the best Bec and Eamon. I pray for you everyday and I can’t wait to see you beat this.
It´s only hair, beside you have a beautiful face and your are a great young woman.
Seriously you are gorgeous bald
You're included in my prayers Bec..God is Great Healer.
omg, I have a big mole on my head too!  I know about the shower thing with a shaved head, isn't that great? so easy, just a swipe of the hand over with soap... anyway,   was just thinking again, so clear why I've been  a regular watcher of all your vids, it's just real life. no matter what, and no movie or tv show  or actor or whatever is better than that!  lot's of love as always.
Bec, you are so freaking inspirational. What a queen! Eamon, you embody a true hero with so much honour & integrity. ❤
We love you bec
You are an amazing and strong person bec and so is eamon
You are so awesome I joined the shaved head gang in 22. You look amazing
Name: Veronica
Bec, you look like a sexy, badass goddess with a shaved head! Not everyone can pull that look off and you totally do!
Killer. Thanks for sharing and keep up the strength and beauty
Bec, you're so beautiful. You can pull any look off! You look like an absolute badass bald and the scarves are so cute. I've wanted to shave my head for so long because I want to feel that empowerment of letting go of something that I allow to hold so much power over me. Like Eamon said, it's really just hair and it does not make you beautiful; You make you beautiful. So glad that you have each other. Eamon, you're such an amazingly supportive partner, it's actually beautiful to watch. Love you both and keep powering through!
You are beautiful. Keep fighting lioness. You got this.
Also….can we talk about Oso’s cone…..?🤣
What can I say except that my wife and I love both of you.  Bec, you are gorgeous with or without hair.
Bec you are ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! So stinkin cute ALL the time!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️🤗🤗🤗🤗
You are so beautiful and strong!! 💕
your stunning love your new hair it’s hard but within your soul shines so bright your journey is long has rough days but your story inspires so many the dogs made me smile another great video amazing what they can do nowadays to make such a beautiful wig you have an amazing connection with your partner true love
Love from Maine ❤️
Prayers sent too you ❤️
I love you guys so much
I am not usually a person who leaves comments, and I’m not really sure what I’m about to say. I just watched your last 2 videos the 1st chemo and your hair loss. You two have just so beautifully shared your life and this truly intimate/personal experience with the world and I’m at a loss! First,(let me say) the love you have for one another is on another level. Secondly, what beautiful human beings you are. Thirdly, how truly brave and inspiring!!!!! It just felt wrong to be allowed into your journey and to just click off your video without noting that and acknowledging that I just watched something beautiful!!!! I’m sending you all my good thoughts and positive energy. ❤️❤️❤️ BE WELL!!!
I’m sitting here crying for the journey you have to walk.  It might be the wine, but if you ever question if you should share or not, please continue.   I have friends that have followed your most difficult journey and your positivity and honesty is so important to show all the emotions so others don’t need to be ashamed of theirs.   Sending love and healing prayers.  Eamon keep up the good work ❤️
You are both doing amazing. Bec you are truly beautiful no matter what!
Praying for you both and admire you two and you guys strength much love and thank you guys for sharing such an intimate moment(s) 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
You are beautiful bald! I remember when my mom went through breast cancer it was spring time when we shaved her head and we put all of the hair scraps out on our porch so that the birds could use it for their birds nests
Ethel Merman. Name your wig Ethel Merman...then you can sing like her every time you wear it. It’s never not fun to sing like her.  Btw you will look adorable no matter what is or is not on your head. Praying for you for a full, complete and permanent healing. God loves you more than you know! 🙏✝️🤗 And we are crying with you and love you and support you no matter what. Much love from Iowa
You are so amazing and strong😘😘
I love you guys! and Bec, you are beautiful... Shine and rock as you always do! Besos y abrazos desde Costa Rica!
Bec beauty just radiates from your spirit. You two are a sweet blessing to each other.  The gentleness and love you have for each other is a blessing to watch.  May our good Lord continue to bless and cover you in his good care on your highs and lows days. ❤️
Can I just say that I’m crying right along with you and how much I adore your grace and courage.  You’re lucky you’re one of those people with a beautifully shaped head.
Bec you can literally rock any hair style you look beautiful remember hair can grow back its important for your body to heal you look so cute very stylish I must say keep strong you can do this Eamon and Oso have your back always💪 ❤
You are beautiful, inside and out🙏🏻❣️
You two are beautifully adorable. I was crying from your struggles and your strength. God bless you through this journey.  Just know you have support and you are loved.
You two are incredible. Sending all the love. ❤️
The worst things happen to the best of us, I find it hard to watch these videos of bec’s cancer journey without crying :( I love both of you and wish you guys the best in every avenue possible stay strong bed your gonna beat cancers ass!!
Bec you are amazing!! Gorgeous inside and out. Sending so much love and positive energy your way! You are both incredible people and thank you for sharing this journey with us ❤️❤️❤️
Eamon- you are a badass too. So supportive & sensitive but yet you tell Bec that she’s fine and it’s just hair etc
You look more beautiful in your short hair :-) God bless
Thank you for sharing💞
Ohhhh and HOT DAMN who looks THAT HOT bald?!?! Wtf!!! YOU DO !!!
Bec you look amazing! I am so proud of you and I am praying for complete healing! ❤️❤️❤️
You are stunningly beautiful in so many ways. Both of you. I am a double cancer survivor and its tough for sure. I love the way you are documenting the highs and lows I remember them all. If its ok I cry when you cry. Love conquers all and you are surrounded by it. I unfortunately wasn't after I recovered. But I am still kicking, an oldish (57) Irishman with long grey hair that I never had  before ,because I was in the Military. You are Inspiring E&B xxxx
You shouldn’t have to be going thru this!! I am so sorry. I’m sending you love and prayers & you’re gonna whoop this MF cancer!!!  ♥️
You guys rock! Can't wait for you to be healthy again!
You guys epitomize courage with a capital "C." I like the way you are taking one day at a time and living present in the moment.
Bec, you are amazing!  So inspiring to those of us watching your story.  I’ve watched so many of your videos in the last two years since I’ve found your channel. I have a friend going through mental illness.  What is the telehealth counseling that you recommend?  You seem in such a positive place and so happy with in-line counseling.  Any suggestions to pass along to my friend?
girl i have a mole on my head too
❤❤❤❤❤💞
“I am bald and I am beautiful” powerful statement! Yes you are!
Bec you are a beautiful woman with or without hair but I am glad you embraced being bold, plus you have many options to change your style if you so desire. Best wishes with your treatment!
These were all the thoughts and emotions I had when I lost my hair also.  Now that it's growing in I've been doing fun colors and also got used to wigs and having perfect hair everyday . It gets better stay strong ❤
this is so awesome, you look so freaking rad bald! but in a beautiful feminine way, I love it!
You are gorgeous!!!! My husband shaved my head too when I started losing mine. It honestly was invigorating. You look beautiful bald. Just go with it! Bringing tears now. Eamon is so incredibly sweet to you! You both are so strong!
❤️🤗
We love you bec, don’t let any thing get to you, you look beautiful no matter what you do to any part of your body or anything. Eamon is such a great supporter in any situation, I love his confidence on anything he does, we are all praying for you bec. This song reminds me more of the song “beautiful thing”  from grace Vanderwall. It explains how you are beautiful no matter the way you are. Stay confident and we love you
She definitely pulled off the short hair thang thang
Eamon she was beautiful before now she just absolutely gorgeous now stay strong Bec we all love you
Thank you for sharing this with us. I was diagnosed in December.  Mine has gone to invasive and had traveled to my spine.  I will be praying for you.  Your weather makes me think of when we lived in Buffalo, NY.  We’re in South Carolina.
I cried right along with you. Thank you for sharing your journey.
People think that something like hair can make them beautiful or healthy or successful but the truth is that the thing that does that is your Soul. You could have the best hair on the planet with a soul that is horrible and stained, but that's definitely, definitely not you...... or Eamon either..... have a beautiful soul that is always going to shine. That's what people see when the see you on YouTube or out on the street and you  both put smiles on so many people faces..... over a million people to be exact!! Just keep it up because you have a bell to ring ❤xXx❤
See . You started this journey with van rides everywhere. Now you've grown all this love just by being you ❣️
Your such a amazingly beautiful woman hair or not and you have a great husband,you got this Cancer shit now kick its butt
Hi i ma Amy I am new to your videos😊
it is amazing how much we as humans hold on to our hair.  its ingrained in us.  Bec You are beautiful with or without hair.  Eamon you are wonderful how much you love and support Bec.  you both are wonderful and your love shines through.  much love and prayers.
Wig is crazy good 😊
Glorious outfit!
Remember that song? "I am woman hear me roar "?
You are both so amazing. Amon Is the best person for support. Bec! You are so strong and the fact that you are willing to share this extreamly harrowing experience with all of us shows that. You got this girl! And look so amazing bald!
Bec you really do look beautiful with no hair! It's crazy how many hairstyles you can pull off. Your long hair, your cute bob, and now this rockin bald head! And those head wraps look adorable on you!! You are so strong. And Eamon you are seriously the best partner anyone could've ever wished for with what she's going thru. The support and love yall have for one another is seriously one of the most beautiful things ever. Thanks for sharing your journey with us. You seriously are so amazing Bec! Can't wait to see the next adventures 💜💚
Baby girl you are doing good. Please reach out to the Lord he will give you strength. We as humans get attached to everything don't we?
IM SO SORRY THIS HAPPENED!!! I will be praying for you! 🙏 You still look AMASING btw 👍
YOU two have a beautiful love 😘😘 you will be so strong after you conquer this together 🌿❇️🌿💐🌿🌿❇️🌿💐🌿
Xxxxx
Awe puppy love 💓
Beck is just gorgeous and she is totally pulling off the bald look.   Eamon, great partner.  Thinking about him as well as as it must be extremely difficult for him as well.   Ups and downs but together you can do it.
YOU are so beautiful you have my heart aching for you. Please believe God will get you through this honey. See I lost my hair because I had Brain Surg. The radiation made my hair come out in clumps. 💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
You are the most beautiful human ❤️
You are a beautiful soul
A friend of mine went through cancer a few years ago. When he lost his hair, we referred to him as a bald eagle. His wife pointed out... when a bald eagle is weak, it flies towards the sun to regain it's strength. I pray that through your journey, you find strength as you seek the Son.
Bec I know this is an incredibly hard time for you, but you honestly look amazing bald!!!! Eamon isn’t just saying it cuz he loves you, you truely do look amazing without your hair 🥰
She's STUNNING!!!! Inside and out. Hair or no hair. You are feminine and beautiful.  Thanks for this raw view into your life. You are appreciated.
You’re literally amazing! I cannot believe the amount of courage you have and I’m so grateful for your family! You’re beautiful Bec!!!!!
Personality is what people see ☺️
SWEET ❤️ GIRL YOUR HAIR WILL BE BEAUTIFUL WITH YOURS AND HUBBY'S
You are so strong to be dealing with this, my heart goes to you both. Stay safe, I love you guys
May God bless you during this journey with health and strength. Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair🤍🤍🤍
Wow, you do look amazing bald. Don't cry cuz we love you so and hair does not define your beauty. I wish I looked so beautiful.
You are beautiful 😘
Sweet girl I lost my hair to. It's difficult. I cried to.
This brought me to tears you’re SO beautiful and inspiring and an all around amazing person. you’ve got this!! you’re someone we should all strive to be like, I can literally feel your positive energy and joy just from a video. so much love for you and your family 🤍
Thank you for sharing your journey. You are beautiful.
You are helping many people going through the same journey and keeping it real is so important. Sending you both lots of positive thoughts.
Lovelovelovelovelovelove
Oh my gosh Bec! You are so incredibly strong and beautiful! I’ve been following for a while and never really commented but I just wanted to wish you and Eamon all the best. You will get through this 💖
Bec you are so BRAVE and BEAUTIFUL!
Your beautiful with and without hair. I know it’s hard. My first time loosing my hair I never wanted to look in the mirror.  Now after loosing my hair twice I am finally at the point where I know it doesn’t matter if I have hair or not. It’s just part of my journey. Praying for you and your family as you go through this part of your life. 🙏💕
idk why bec was so nervous to shave her head, she could literally pull off wearing a raccoon on her head she’s so beautiful and has such a beautiful soul . i love her😭💙
The b in bec stands for beauty and bravery❤❤❤
Damn!  The shitty thing about chemo is that it's designed to kill any rapidly splitting cells, which includes the cancer cells as well as follicle cells.  This is why folks lose their hair.  Hang in there!
Brenda came to mind for the name of your wig. Not sure why, but that’s what I thought of. Prayers for your journey 🙏🏽
I write this while still watching your awe inspiring episode above. I just have to say that I admire you both especially you Becs with what your going through at this point in your life and also to let you know, if there's anyone that can pull off the bald look and have oozes of style still left over its you..   "You go girl"..👍😊  I hope you know you have 1 million community members good thoughts coming your way so with that in mind I send not only my best wishes but hugs and good thoughts to you Bec x And to Eamon..may you have the strength to not only get yourself through this unfortunate time in your lifes but also the strength to hold up and support Becs also through her darker moments so you can both enjoy the great times once again... You've both got this!! 🙏❤️
Hang in there. You got this pretty woman. So proud of you. Been there and it was an emotional roller coaster. Just remember how strong you are. This too will pass. Love you two. ❤️❤️♥️
hears to the most bountiful woman in the world, we are with you Miss Bec. And Eamon i truly envy you. theirs strength in numbers everything will be ok.
No one deserves to get cancer i hope you're gonna be alright ❤
Bec, I've got no lies to tell. You are absolutely hot bald.
You two are truly an inspiration. Bec you look absolutely beautiful with or with out hair your Beaty comes from with in. ❤️
You are such a brave wonderful and strong woman! I wish you to overcome this and remember just your strength and love from people around you.
OH MY GOAD JUST STOP.
Bec you look amazing and don’t be scared never give up my dad had cancer for four years and I was so sad he had nine surgeries and he lost all his hair too you can do it believe in yourself and never give up you’re also so lucky to have Eamon with you he loves you so much
You are absolutely cuteness overload without hair.  Wear it proudly!  Continued prayers.
After 2 1/2 mos. Of  radiation and chemo i thought i walked out without losing ALL my hair.  Wrong.  But I was lucky enough4 to have some new growth before losing all.  My longest was about 1/2".  Having my family, friends and people at the cancer center standing by my side was so helpful  and truly brought joy to my heart.  God bless you.
Te ves hermosa que Dios te Bendiga
❤
💕
Awe, bless your heart! We’re praying for you!
Love 💘 ..I really hope you go through this and quickly get better 🙏❤💙 ..
Beautiful face, eyes, ears, lips, nose, smile 😊 personality, heart, soul 🚺❤️🙏😇
Um what the heck! Bec, you look so good bald! It’s such a vibe! 👌
You look beautiful 😍
Bec you are a amazing woman, am so proud of you. Sending a big hug and love😘
Man, I wish everyone going through illness could have a supportive partner like you, Eamon.
OMG I’m crying with you, God is good you just thrust on him🙏❤️
So proud of the both of you!  Your love and support for one another is admirable and inspirational.  Thank you for sharing your raw and emotional journey.  Love to you both always!  XOXO
Eamon you are such a great support to Bec….I’m sure this is hard on you also.  Praying for healing.  You’ve got a beautiful face Bec and you do rock not having hair.  Both of you hang in there and continue to support one another.  You will get through this.  Many blessings to the two of you.❤️♥️❤️❤️♥️❤️♥️❤️♥️🌀♥️♥️❤️♥️
Eamon Is sosupporting 🥺🥺
there's an interview with dr. rhonda patrick - might have been her interview with satchin panda or valter longo on fasting where they talked about the benefits of fasting during chemo - they talked about evidence pointing to the chemo selectively affecting cancer cells vs healthy cells with concomitant chemo and fasting. I'm a nurse and this podcast blew my mind - haven't looked more into it but if I had cancer this is what I would 100% be looking into. I will see if i can find it - it was just a short snip about it in the podcast but they referenced a resource (i think). Something really BIG to look into.  Also referenced the hair cycle & time of day that you receive chemo in one of her interviews - and its effect on hair loss with chemo  So much love and prayer for you both - ALoha
Bec! I’d admit I stopped watching your videos and today I randomly clicked on YouTube app. First video I randomly clicked on this one when I realized it was your video right when the intro started I started to ball. I watched your video years ago when you guys were doing the rv stuff and I remember wanting to do the same. You got this baby girl.  You are beautiful . Stay strong
Bec you're GORGEOUS 😍
Bec, you look absolutely beautiful and admire your strength!!  Eamon, you are such a wonderful support! Best couple ever!
Oh Bec I cried with you . Not the same at all but post partum I lost ALOT of my hair and had bald spots . I would go an entire week not showering because I dreaded it . Your feelings ARE SO VALID! You are amazing .
Bec  I love u U are blessing woman and for your huddy never lose him I feel that he is blessing  to have u in his life God will bless u two
Aww he so gorgeous.. you are feckin aMazing bec love you both xx
omg video hasn't even started yet but that little sneak peek in the beginning.. bec... you are SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!
Bec, you are the most beautiful person inside and out! OMG you are so inspiring and I love to see the love Emon has for you just simply, the best! You two are angels on Earth wow!!! Many many blessing for you both! You are so beautiful Bec!!! 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
He wasn’t just saying it, you are beautiful even with the shaved head
You are a beautiful soul inside out! Thank you for sharing all transitions. Eamon is the best!
Bez my darling.You inspire me to be very strong.Thank you
And you're at a million!!! That makes each of us one in a million!!!
Bec  I'm sending you a hug... you are  beautiful bald. I wish you could see it ! You are !!
I wish I could just give you both a huge hug. bec you’re a trouper and you’re gonna kick cancer’s ass. eamon you are an amazing support for bec and keep being you
Such a pretty face, she totally pulls off the shave head.  It looks awesome!
Have you watched Dr. Robert Morse on You tube? (the naturopath who eats fruit) Fruit detox. Good tips for hair growth.
you look goergus
It’s all overwhelming and unreal   It’s so hard when are bodies start changing and doing things we don’t want and can’t control . I understand and your not alone honey . You are brave but you don’t have to be brave all the time . Be you because you are perfect !!
Your amazing Bec, it's such an honour watching your journey  xx
God, there's nothing worse than hair loss..
You are totally vibing Millie Bobby Brown right now!  You are SO rocking the shaved head.  Luv it!
I agree, you have built a rad place on the Internet. You both share something very special here. I appreciate deeply the vulnerability and honesty with how you share your lives. You are a gift.  From A listener in oregon.
It is hard to imagine better support than what Eamon gives!  Bec, you are so beautiful and courageous!  I love the bob and bald looks.  :)   AWESOME VIDEO!     Thank you so much for including the viewers in this tough journey.
Ur one brave woman. To  let us see what ur going through. U are a beautiful woman. U look fantastic bauld. X
Bec you’re amazing and really strong….Eamon you’re the number one! 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Hey Bec, I just went through my own cancer journey since Jan 2020 (Hodgkins Lymphoma). All the things you said at the beginning of this video, I felt too. I cut my hair in the same process, I made the same decision about the cold-cap too. I never ended up making a wig out of the hair I saved, I still have it :p. My best friend has the *same* kind of hair as me too and donated for me as well!  I rocked some cotton beanies when I was bald-bald, and just went buzz cut as soon as it started growing back (both times, lost it twice)  But I actually had to stop watching your channel a while back because I was so jealous of your and Eamon's hair, and how lucky you were to be healthy enough, and care-free enough, to still travel, and it just hurt a bit to be reminded of what I couldn't do (totally a me problem though, just putting that out there). I couldn't believe it when I saw the thumbnail. Anywho, wanted to say 1. alll the sentiments you made, totally valid and you're not alone. and 2. Thank you for documenting this, because videos like this helped me soooo much when I was first diagnosed
love it bec !!!! love your vid Eamon and bec
Eamon you make me realize i need to be nicer more patient with my gf you are a gem dude all the best
What a love :) You, Eamon, restore my faith in your species. Bec, keep on rockin' the Cazbar.
You look beautiful and always will no matter what…stay strong!❤️
Prayers your way Bec! 🙏  you're beautiful with and without hair ❤
You are the best! Love you from Spain
You are so brave, sharing this hard situation is so difficult but I can't even how much hope and sunshine this will bring to women and men going through something similar. Both of y'all are inspirations and bring happiness to soomany sending prayers
Love you both so much! You are so radiant and beautiful and thank you for sharing these tender moments and this journey. I think the wig should be Moira like in Schitt's Creek!
Hey Bec, you look absolutely beautiful bald, and kudos to Eamon he’s amazing,  you’re amazing, you both are 💕💕
You are inspirational Bec! ❤️
Hey i know the feeling u look goergues i lost my grandma to cancer u will win this have high hopes
When my grandmother went through chemo she of course lost all her hair. As she recovered, for some strange reason as her hair grew back her leg hair never returned. I wish that same gift for you as a trophy for making it through this difficult journey.
You should name the wig Shakira
Wow Bec you look soooooooo beautiful. Hair or no hair you are a babe!
Bec you look pretty with ot without hair love you guys and praying❤
You guys are something special ❤️❤️
You both are amazing xx and both beautiful. Big Love
❤️❤️❤️❤️
sending love to you guys❤️
Sending you a beautiful song for when you feel like you need sometime on your own Becs. https://youtu.be/xkZYiE3ARr0 I believe your good friends Nate and Karen are fans/friends of someone in the band. Praying for you, just keep taking things one step at a time and take the day as it comes. P. S YOU DO LOOK EVEN MORE BEAUTIFUL WITH THE NEW BALD LOOK!! 😏💖
U look so beautiful bec
You really are a truly beautiful human.  When I first found your channel, I thought that you were both ridiculously good looking and that was why you had such a big following.  Since then I have learned that it is about who you are rather than your appearance.  But now, I see it is both.  Thank you for being raw and real with us.
You look beautiful bald!! Prayers for continued healing. Also, prayers for Eamon!! It's really hard on a caregiver, and he's doing a great job!! Love your channel!!
You are beautiful!
We love you Bec! Love the love between you two as always.
My daughters hair was coming out in huge clumps.   When she was younger, we did this and she didn’t mind when we decided to just shave it rather than put her through watching it come out in such massive clumps….this time she’s older and was more attached to her hair.  I felt so bad for her…..we weren’t at home as it began this time.  She was in the hospital for induction 40 days.  She was hit with doxorubicin on day one and that’s what always takes her hair.  Around the 7 day mark she was shedding….around day 10 I’m pulling a lot out when we brush and I’m lint rolling tons off her pillow.  By day 14 u can see her scalp through her hair but she would still not even allow me to trim it. :( We finally cut it with dull Childrens scissors as she cried in the mirror at the hospital.   I promised her a wig but they were so expensive and by the time I found some help getting one that didn’t look like a Halloween prop, it was growing in and about 2”.   She was used to it and said a wig would be “itchy”.  The pandemic allowed her to school from home and avoid stares.  Right now it’s not quite to her chin yet but she’s happy with it.   Wishing you the best.  ❤️
❤️
you are both beautiful. best of luck
I am so glad I was hiding in the bathroom when Bec wore Lee’s sweater because I was sobbing like a baby.   Eamon, you are being everything Bec need right now.   Bec, you are the strongest. Thank you for being so vulnerable with us.  Much love x
Hello there ! Thank you so much for this video, I was searching for someone my age (25) who is living the same challenges as I. I was diagnosed with breast cancer in January and I started my chemotherapy beginning of march. I am losing my hair but can’t find the courage yet to shave it off. You are very inspiring ☀️
I cried with you through this video. You are SO strong for getting through this Bec. I think long hair is a security blanket for a lot of us and we are so attached to it. When your chemo is over, your long beautiful hair will be back in no time❤️. For now, you're a beautiful bald chic!! Rock it!
You guys are amazing!!!
That first wig is definitely an Audrey!
I'm so glad to see in the midst of everything y'all are still positive and smiling. I love y'all, my prayers are with y'all, and I'm rooting for y'all. Y'all go kick some more of life's ass! 💕
Eamon at the end..."I'm doin way better"🥺🥺
Your beautiful with or without hair 😍  Very hot lady 💕 🙏🙏🙏💕💕💕
Love your positive energy,  stray strong. Greetings from Amsterdam
Love you both keep the faith x
I cried with you. You are so brave and strong bec.
Shaving my head during my cancer journey was actually the most empowering thing.  It was something I could control and felt amazing.  You are beautiful!  Hang in there - better days are ahead!!
Hi Bec,  Hope you are doing well on this terrible journey you have been forced along through no decision of yours or anyone else's but I know it's only early days. Nobody deserves to go through the pain of this. As a family we had to face it when our then sixteen year old son was diagnosed with testicular cancer. Fortunately the UK NHS was amazing and fast tracked him to surgery and over five years later he has been deemed clear.   I would just like to respond to one point in your video i.e. loss of hair. My wife developed alopecia totalis about three years ago and although the cause is unknown it was no less devastating on her self esteem than your experience. Fortunately she didn't have the extra burden of a cancer diagnosis. She was worried that she would labelled as a cancer sufferer and although her hair has regrown somewhat it is nothing like what it was previously and still wears a wig. Guys cope with baldness, woman don't as it is not seen by the general population as normal. Perhaps you could give a shout out to all the lonely female alopecia sufferers out there as most of them have little support?  I so wish that you get through this together and I am inspired by your openness and courage. I'm sure you will inspire loads of people going similar situations as you. I am not going to offer you words of advice as I'm not qualified and am sure you have many organisations in Canada like https://twitter.com/macmillancancer in the UK that you will be talking to already.   Love to you both xx
Dear Bec, I’m so jealous! I’ve always been so self conscious of my peanut little head. My identity and what I’ve been told, beauty hs always come from my hair. I always had to camouflage my abnormal tiny head ( still super smart though!🤓🤪), thank with my hair to make it look larger. Now, I’m loosing my hair wavy hair for unknown reasons. BUT, I want you to really know how GORGEOUS you look!!!!!! You really do look so darn BEAUTIFUL! Not everyone can pull off EVERY look but YOU do! I admire you, your strength, your raw emotions and truth, and your sweet soul.🌻 Thank you for giving me strength when I’m really needing it.  Oh, and yes, Lee is with you and praying for you from Heaven🕊Sending you and Eamon lots of big hugs 🤗 and sunshine ☀️ and love 💗 from Southern California🌴
Bec you are beautiful inside and out!!
YOU ARE STUNNING!! Sending you the biggest hug Bec!! You are such a beautiful person with the most incredible spirit!! Thank you for being so brave sharing your journey both the good days and hard moments!! You have a huge group of friends and family both  in your life and here that are sending you guys all the love!!  ❤️❤️
You look amazing with a shaved head
Beautiful human inside and out! I strive to be like you, Bec! Keep your head up!
Beck you absolutely radiate pure power with a bald head. I cried most of this video because I’ve shaved my head once and you really don’t know how attached you are to your hair until its gone. I applaud your strength.
Wow... I'm so humbled by your last few videos. I started subscribing  because of Kara and Nate, but of course went back to view all of your awesome content(which is  freaking awesome. As a fellow Canadian, love all the cozy cabin vibes). However,  watching you guys navigate this cancer journey has just been nothing short of inspirational. Sending so so much love and positive  vibes to you both.
Bec you look great!!!
You have  THE MOST BEAUTIFUL shaped HEAD  BEC!!!!!!  Sending you  both healing energy and Love
Focus on the progress towards a clean healthy body, clean and healthy body, imagine your cells doing a chuck norris on the cancer. Watch lots, and lots of comedy, repeat thousands of times to yourself or with your husband “thank you for my healing”, “thank you for my healing”.
You are amazing and beautiful.
You are absolutely gorgeous, I love your head !! 💗 sending love to you and your fam
hasch oil ,or canabis oil cures cancer ,you can always try out....
sending so many prayers to you guys!!
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. Hair is overrated.
You are beautiful!
I love how Eamon is so supportive!! You guys are truly made for each other! Each time i watch your videos it comes to mind everytime how good you are for each other! Also each on of these journey videos im just laughing and crying the entire time ha. You got this Bec Stay Strong! <3
Your beautiful no matter what beck!!! We will always be here for you!!!!!! You are so loves and you look so pretty!!!!!!!!
Beautiful inside and out - the both of you! The love you have for each other is so evident every time I watch your videos 🤍 true soulmates. Stay strong through this tricky time! We’ve all got you!
Badass. You look like Imperator Furiosa. Beautiful and strong.
Best couple on YouTube.. Becca is amazing and you take care of her beautifully .. ❤️❤️❤️
You're so beautiful!!! Love you guys!!💜💙💜💙💜💙❤️💙💜💙💙❤️❤️😚😚❤️❤️😚❤️😚
You two are amazing!! Praying for you both, and you are so awesome!!
What yoga are you watching? You are beautiful! You need to rent that man out.
Be strong we will always have your back
You are still cute. We are not our hair. You are not your hair. You have so much more to offer. Thank you both for sharing this. 🥰
Beautiful 🥰🥰🥰🥰
You are beautiful no matter what, and I cried with you every step.  Stay strong, on International Women's day you are such an inspiration to so many of us, sending all my love and brightest of blessing to you and Eamon
Bec you honestly look beautiful.   Sinead O'Connor looks amazing bald, not everyone can pull it off but you my natural beauty can!  You are so blessed to have such support, humor and unconditional love from Eamon.   You are still the amazing Bec.  Sending prayers and love from the Mitten State.
You look so beautiful! And when it grows back it may be curly that happened to my aunt! Hope you feel better!
So proud of you both <3
Beaucoup de courage et beaucoup d'amour
I fckin bawled my eyes out. But look at you! You’re freakin gorgeous. And I’m not just saying that. You so rock that style, cancer or no cancer.  All my prayers for fast healing ♥️
Tears and smiles. Happy International Women's Day 💖 sending love and light
You’re beautiful with or without hair Bec. Hair doesn’t make a person beautiful, it’s what is inside of your soul💞. And YOU have a beautiful soul💜 I want to see Eamon shave his head!😀👍🏻. I shaved mine for my husband 😀…my look on shaving my hair off is,,,it’s only hair,it will grow back🥰.
I am in awe of you. I’m watching today in the Uk on woman’s international day. Much love xx
Eamon is the ULTIMATE cheerleader!!! This is very difficult for the both of you but you can keep each other strong. The plant and planter is priceless. What a perfect gift and commemoration of a milestone. Blessings upon blessings to you both, pressed down and overflowing❣🙌🏻☮
Sending you all my love Bec ❤️❤️
Oh Bec you are so strong, such a powerful women. This is so brave of you to be showing this to us. Thank you for your vulnerability.  I can’t get over what an incredible person you are, beautiful inside and out. Just in awe of you.
Bec you are beautiful!!! And you are such a big inspiration for me,  womens and people in general :)
Love you guys so much, stay strong and you are still as beautiful as ever Bec!!!
Eamon you are seriously the best person and the best support for her during these times. im sure she is so blessed to have you and wouldn't be able to go through all of this without yall. Blessings to you both for sharing this journey with us. My best wishes to you both through this journey & much love!!
Nano Soma, Turpentine & Dr. Sebi's Alkaline Diet 🙏
Your both amassing  you look as beautiful as ever . I totally understand the devastation of loosing your hair but just. Like your best friend said it’s only hair it will grow back . Thank you for thanking all of us ,but you all are the ones to be thanked for sharing your lives with all of us . God bless continue the positive thinking 🙏🏻🥰✌🏻
Thinking of you both during this journey. Thanks Bec for being so honest with everything. You look beautiful Bec.
My heart is so with you. I lost my hair due to Chemo two years ago.  My husband shaved my hair for me   We have been together 40 years.  I have to say it was one of our most intimate moments.  Your hair will grow back.  Mine is super thick and healthy.  My body hair has yet to come back.  Hang in there sweet girl.  You have many people praying ❤️
You will be stunning in a potato sack with scales on. :) ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I had have breast cancer surgery 3 years ago . Dr surgeon this month check up- had radiation no chemotherapy. Afraid it will come back. Your will be fine!
I cried.. when you cried.. hope you're doing fine soon ❤
You’re so beautiful with or without your hair, Bec! How blessed you are to have Eamon by your side through this journey. You’re only going to be stronger and even more beautiful, if that’s possible! Thank you for sharing your story. Sending you much love!😘❤️
Omg!  I’m crying with you, you are beautiful! Strong! And Brave! HAPPY WOMENS DAY!
Completely Beautiful and so Powerful  💜💛
Its only Hair...It will grow back. You are beautiful. Inside and Outside. Great Courage. Your very loved. Both of you. Prayers.  Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; ... do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Such an inspiration!
You are just as beautiful without hair as you are with hair.
I don't  know how many of these comments you may or may not read and i rarely comment on anything but I do have this overwhelming feeling to comment on this one. I've been subbed for a while now and have been following your story and well, I just wanted to say you are both amazingly beautiful people, inside and out. Stay strong, the pair of you. Sending my love all the way from the UK. <3
bec you are so unbelievably strong and brave!!  I AM SO PROUD OF YOU ❤️
I'm just a stranger on the interent but FOR REAL you look GREAT with a shaved head! Honestly! I like it even better than the bob. This is 100% sincere I don't even know how to tell you
Eamon  shave your head
you are magnificent, thank you for sharing your journey, it is helping a lot of people more than you can even imagine <3
Bec, you are beautiful. You are strong. You are amazing. You look fantastic.  💕
You are soo beautiful 😊😊
Be extremely careful about your diet.  No salt, sugar, alcohol, chemical toxin foods, soy, meat, coffee only herbal teas.  Just a clean extremely healthy vegan diet with only fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds,herbs and salads and juicing.  Without the proteins, sugars, salt you will starve the cancer. The cancer feeds from salt, sugar and proteins and toxins in your body.   You can juice daily carrot and granny smith apple mornings.  Afternoons and evenings granny smith apple and greens and herbs.  Drink as much as you comfortably can. Use live living plants from a greenhouse that have enzymes where the plant is alive.  Also lots of love, no stress.  The cancer can go away with positive energy ice baths and grounding yourself.  This is all up to you.  Be safe take care. :)
I am not crying! 🪴
When I first started with chemo I also was having tingling like in my head. I had my wig donated by organization that used to provide high-quality wigs for cancer patients that unfortunately is no longer able to provide those wigs. My wig is called Topanga, after the character in boy meets world. I watch that show a lot when I was a kid and Topanga‘s hair was gorgeous and my favorite character from that show. Stay Positive! 🙏🏼
You are so strong beck and you are so lucky to have Eamon he is the best support. You guys are my favorite youtubers, I'm always praying for you and don't forget your always beautiful ❤❤❤
You both are in my thoughts❤️ I am crying with you Bec! You are beautiful, you are strong and you inspire so many❤️ Eamon, you are an Angel, The world needs more Eamon’s (and Becs) in the world!!
You really do look so pretty either way. I love it! Jesus loves y’all so much. He died for us and rose again. Run to Him ❤️❤️❤️
Amy should help you name it!
Sending love to you both xx
You look chic French chic..I LOVE your BOB, Bec..much love from me to you and E ♡♡
Bec you are soo beautiful with a bald head.. the oncology nurse was correct.. it brings more attention to your eyes, but it's also your smile and personality that shines thru.. You and Eamon are wonderful.. you are amazing, beautiful, kind, and such a sweetheart..
It is always so moving to see your journeys and this video just had me rooting you on and crying with you. And honestly, the love you have for each other is so beautiful to see. Sending love and positivity- you’re beautiful inside and out, and I love you both. I hope you heal and embrace your beauty too. 🖤
you look like millie bobby brown in stranger things with super power and this is a compliment . <3
Bec, we should look at it like it’s a huge middle mark on this courageous journey beating cancer!  We are in your corner!
❤️❤️❤️ Sending lots of love and positivity!
"I look great bald!" - Woman you're rocking it BIG TIME. You're giving me Sinead O'Connor vibes. If there's any chance, do consider going on a date with me. No disrespect Eamon! 😅
💛
You are so beautiful tu est très belle🌻❤
Been watching you two for a while now, God be with you both in this journey!  We love you!
She looks SOOOO good with a shaved head!!! There’s a lot of girls that can’t pull that off
Losing hair is the worse, but I saw Kara from Kara and Nick donate her hair so with people like that makes it ok to lose hair. You look really pretty always know that!
I AM  NOT  JUST SAYING  THIS, BUT  YOU  ARE  beautiful with or without hair. You  are  strong,  you can  make it through your  chemotherapy it will  be  over  before  you  know  it. Eamon is such  a sweetheart with you, I know  Eamon  will take  excellent care of  his Baby. Stay  strong  girl. Love 💘
Bec, your beauty comes from within and it shines so brightly in everything you do. Thank you for sharing these real, vulnerable moments with us. We're all here for you 💕
Hey you two. I live in the tiny little country of Eswatini, in southern africa! Anyway, I think you guys are amazing and thank you for sharing your lives with us!
You look so gorgeous ❤️
I'm praying for you, but I am so sorry for what you having to go through. It will get better.
ps. I LOVE YOUR KITCHEN!
You’re beautiful Bec and so glad that you have an amazing partner..God bless you both!!sending love from California 🥰🥰🥰
You got this! A good man and a strong heart and a stronger head...yea you got this!
More than likely I will be in your shoes soon enough as well. My grandma had breast cancer, and so did my mom. They found a lump last year but it was not cancerous. That was scary enough. Praying for both of you through this time. Jesus loves you so much!
Bec you’re a rockstar! Beautiful bald!!
Oh my gosh I’m so sorry
Happy International women's day Beck!!! You are such a strong and powerful woman, you're so inspiring and I look up to you so much. Wishing you the very best, and sending good vibes to you and your family. ❤️❤️❤️
it looks so cute xx
You look soooooo pretty Bec!!  I totally feel your attachment to your hair but you honestly, look so pretty! And If your lashes fall out, you can order fake lashes online I bet there are a lot of awesome options for you!  Much love and strength on your road to recovery! <3
You are beautiful Bec, Eamon you are an amazing support to her❤
Bec, you look incredible without hair - it gives out a very edgy and modern vibe. You should have this hairstyle even after chemo!
I wish I can hug you so tight. I cry with you all the way. I lost my mom to cancer. But you are strong and you have good people with you and you are going to fight this cancer I love you stay strong.❤️
Hi whatcha up to hope all is well prayers 4 yall and 4 healing and unspoken also prayers 4 everyone in the name of the Creator God and Jesus and the Holy Ghost Amen keep walking tall know yall r prayed 4 keep being strong and thank u 4 the videos and updates know that sending much honor and respect many blessings keep walking tall sending love ur beautiful and beautiful soul keep being strong chk out essiac too this my personal opinion tho and cool cool wig they did great job on it  🚌⛺🌅🌌🌄🏞 👍👍💪🙂👍👍
Love you Bec! You did amazing. And shout out to Eamon for being the best "hairapist" ever!!! I was a hairdresser for 17 years and have seen several women through this process. It is empowering, albeit vulnerable, to take the hair cutting/shedding inevitability into your own hands. I am impressed with how you moved through each stage. You certainly can be a very genuine example for other women, or men, going through the same thing.
You’re beautiful and so strong Bec💖 keep the faith!!
Bec you are so brave to share this journey with us and I have no doubt you are helping many people by doing so. I wish you all the love and healing in the world.
You’re beautiful and amazing! ♥ Stay Strong 🙂
You are both so beautiful inside and out ♥️♥️
Eamon is right, you look so rad!! What an emotional journey. I just cried all the way through. So much beauty, rawness, love and moments of smiles and breakthroughs. I'm reading a book right now called "Becoming Wise - An Inquiry Into The Mystery and Art of Living" By Krista Tippett. One of the paragraphs she's speaking with Xavier Le Pichon and Xavier says "We have to be educated by the other. My heart cannot be educated by myself. It can only be educated by others...to let them explain to us what happens to them, to let yourself be immersed into their world....You will never be the person in front of you, but you will have created what we call communion....and I feel that is the essence of life."  So thank you for sharing your story so intimately. You both are educating our hearts through your story. Teaching us about love, gratitude, kindness, connection to our hair, to ourselves, to others. Perspectives, pain and perseverance. Thank you Eamon and Bec. xoxox
You look soooo good bald!  I would see you part of the cast of the Matrix!  Bad Ass!!!
WE LOVE YOU BEC AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL SOUL 💞💞
You are absolutely beautiful!! 🥰 Such an inspiration ✨️
I have been watching you guys for years. And I just wanted to say that Bec I have never seen you as beautiful as you are today! God bless you and Eamon each and everyday. Sending so much love and light ❤️☀️
Woaaahhh bec looks so fineee w a shaved head 😍
Praying for a strong and healthy recovery.
A family member said to me, her shaving her head BEFORE all her hair fell out, was saying, "eff you" to the cancer, before the cancer had the chance to say 'eff you' to her hair. Eamon's right Bec, you seriously do look fantastic, you just can't see it like we do. I'm a bit of a bitch (could be a bit of an understatement), so if I was being a nice Canadian, I'd  say, 'don't worry about it, you've got the wig,' but I'm actually hoping to see you rock this look. Sending nothing but love and blessings Bec, to you, and your loved ones that have to watch you go thru this. Love from Ottawa💛💛
You guys are precious to me and we've never even met. Funny how that works. Much love to you both 💜
Oh Bec ❤️ sending you so so so much love ❤️ ✨
I’ve never cried or ever gotten emotional watching YouTubers but I feel like I could feel every emotion that Bec felt and was just a ball of tears throughout this video. Hair or no hair you are so absolutely incredible Bec and I commend you for being so strong. I hope and pray that you continue to stay strong throughout this journey. Your followers and YouTube family are all here supporting you ❤️
Thank you for sharing the whole difficult process with us, Eamon & Bec
I love you guys so much! You both are so inspiring! Stay strong ❤️
First of all, thank you both for sharing this incredible journey with us. Your love is beyond inspiring, Bec your energy is brighter than the Sun, Eamon you are such a supportive force... It really means so much to me to share in this with you both. You are a ROCKSTAR, Bec!   And speaking of which, I finally realized who you remind me of! It has been bugging me for years, but it is Sharon Van Etten!! She is an INCREDIBLE musician. If you have not heard her stuff, I totally recommend! Much love to you both!!
Congrats on 1mil! We love you both and Bec, you’re so strong and we’re all here for you!
Sending you both hugs xx
with how heavy this video is when she says "did you shower yet" I almost lost it not sure what it was but so funny. wishing you all the best Bec
I never give reactions on social media, but for you i am making a exception. I watch all you video's since al long time, and love how you deal with life, even in hard times like this. That really inspiring. I hope you get better soon. Lots of love from the Netherlands.
Watching this on international women’s day. Can’t think of a better woman to represent women on this day than you Bec. Your positivity, beauty, strength and beautiful soul shines through ❤️✨
Just wanted to let you guys know that I've been dating a woman for over 4 years now and she has been going through chemotherapy for thyroid cancer and cervical cancer she is free of the cervical cancer she is now being treated for the thyroid cancer. But in her process she is not losing her hair is actually growing longer
Love you bec💞
BEC: You are beautiful beyond words; your courage to share, and strength to smile, are only the frosting on the cake. And, by the way, you are CUTE with short hair! EAMON: Dude! And all this time I thought you were just another crazy, long-haired (before the cut) Canuk and BAM! You show us that you are the most caring, loving, and supportive mate any woman (or, anyone going through cancer) could ever dream of. My hat's off to you, Dude. Oh! CONGRATULATIONS on the 1M Subscriber level! Oh yah, that's big. :-)
Eamon why didn't you shave your head too
hi Becky without the hair you stil look beautifull and radiant as you always do and Eamon is telling the truth you stil look amazing!❤❤❤
You look stunning without hair. With the wig also, so cute!!
You are a beautiful, strong and an amazing woman with the most wonderful, loving partner.  Sending lots of love, prayers to you both. ❤❤🙏🙏
You are so beautiful inside out Bec, you are so inspiring ❤ Lot of love ! ❤
Bec, you are glowing bald, you rock, you're beautiful no matter what! You deserve all the support and love you've receiving! You guys are so so special! Sending lots os love <3
Sending you lots of love and lots of prayers
The two of you are incredible. Bec, you are a light. We all love you so much. The two of you are showing us what the word partnership truly means.
Wow I cry and have to take breaks watching all these videos for the good and the bad. Ugh 😩 stay strong both of you. God bless you all. 🙏🌷Bec you look great with and without hair that definitely didn't matter. Lol not all of us can pull that off but anyway what a great man to have at your side. Eamon had stepped up for all of this. 💓🌞🙌😊🦋🌷
Please consider looking into Divine Design Natural Health, 3800 Keith St NW, Cleveland, TN 37312     they have healed so many people including myself. God Bless sister🙏🏼
Pls come to Ethiopia and use holly water
Try to get a satin pillow cases it's easy on the head too love both of your streath. Just know it's darkest before dawn. Love you both
But your gorgeous. But your a woman I completely understand
You’re such a beautiful strong woman. Sending you hugs. You’re such an inspiration ❤️❤️
Girl you are so pretty.
I usually don't ever comment on YouTube videos but besides this journey being so enlightening, you really do look good without hair as Eamon said.  As someone who once shaved his head just to see what it looked like (#1 trimmer all around) and knows it didn't look good, you have a much better shaped head than I do so it definitely suits you.  Rock on, badass lady!
I WOULD NEVER TAKE CHEMOTHERAPY; I DON’T BELIEVE IN THIS CRAP….
Your support system is great🦋 and you are a very strong woman 💪🏽💪🏼 just know I was bold for a long time my lupus was the cause of it. My sister shaved my head and two of my guy friends. your beautiful no matter what! Love the gift😊💜🦋💜
You two are such beautiful souls! I've been following your stories for many years now. We don't know each other at all but I'm sending you massive trucks of positive vibes and love from the Swiss Alps! I wish you all the best from the bottom of my heart! Stay strong, and on those bad days remember it's okay too <3 One day at the time! Love you guys! Miki
❤️❤️❤️❤️
We love you and your beautiful❤️
Omg! You look gorgeous in any conditions. You have blessings from all over the world. Feel great girl. You’re such an inspiration to all women. Happy woman’s day.
I was in tears basically the entire episode.. both you and Eamon are so strong and the love and support you guys have for each other is truly inspiring. You've got this Bec!!
Bec you really do look beautiful …
You got this girlie!! You are STUNNING inside and out always <3
Your Beautiful no matter what
You are in my prayer, have endurance to go thru the whole process first and get yourself well.  I looking forward to see your full hair video in the near future.
As a mother I want you to know how proud I am of both of you.  The life you have led and shared the past several years is inspiring to all ages.  I'm 59 and you specifically inspire me Bec with your graciousness and how natural you are.  You are strong.  You are beautiful. You will beat this!!  <3   Eamon you are an amazing young man.  You also are so strong and are the perfect husband and man to help Bec thru this.  Hold eachother up in times of struggle.  Keeping you both in my prayers <3
Stay strong❤️ we are behind you through this time! You will get past this!💗💗
I cried with you and sent as much positive energy your way! All the love to you and emon!!!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!
I'm crying uncontrollably at 19:50, Bec you have 1 million people worldwide (we're all family, one human race) watching and supporting you during these tough times. Just know that we're all there for you. Eamon, I feel so sorry for you to see Bec go through this. Dude, what an amazing partner you are! Sharing your story made me tear up and it's totally fine to be vulnerable.  Just know that you are beautiful no matter what Bec, and I'll be keeping you and Eamon in my thoughts and prayers. ❤
Hi Bec, you are very courageuse and generous to share this journey. You two are amazing. I am sure people have learned a lot. We wanted to let you know that you are beautiful with and without your hair.  It brings out all your beautiful traits.  We wish you well and all the best. This too shall pass. Best wishes to both of you. 💐❤👍
Your vulnerability and self reflection through all of this is so admirable. You are so strong and beautiful <3 Also congratulations on adopting Oso!!! He's a lucky boy.
💕
Sending love
this one has made me cry more than anything thank you for letting us in on some of the most intimate part of your lives.
Bec, you are so strong and so beautiful. Sending my love to you both <3
You're just awesome for all of this. My sister is dealing with breast cancer too. And her hubby was diagnosed with cancer a few months before she was.  It's been wild. This helps me feel closer to her and her journey. The fertility journey was heartbreaking for her. In a nutshell that door has been completely closed to her and hubby. She's much older, hubby also had cancer and other issues so it's not the same but just as difficult as anyone else's journey. Again... Just thank you and keep going. I adore the ups and downs.
So proud of you both 🤍
Awww I love you guys so much ! I literally cried with you this video. I’m ready to go cut my hair and send it to you for a wig!  You are an amazing , strong, beautiful soul. Who is rocking everything thrown her way and will come out stronger than ever after this journey.  And Eamon is just the perfect person to be by your side. 💕💕 lots of love to you both! 🤍
I wear wigs for a variety of reasons and they can be so fun. It's a great way to try out different colours and styles. You can be long and dark one day and then purple the next :)
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out.  Eamon is your biggist and the love of your life.  Walk in Peace.
Beautiful and strong as always Bec!  You handle everything so gracefully.  I cried along with you but when you said "this is Lee's sweater" I suddenly felt stronger for you.   She's there with you and Eamon's there with you -- what more . . .  Stay strong!  So many are praying for you!
This hits so close to home. Bec you’re amazing and absolutely beautiful, what you’re doing vlogging this process is honestly amazing, you’re helping so many people and you don’t even know it. You’re smashing it, keep going you beautiful soul, you can do this ♥️♥️♥️
You are so amazing 😘 what a lovely supportive couple. Keep up the strong fighting vibes 💪. Love from Australia
You look absolutely STUNNING bald my god 😍
You two are amazing to be sharing all this. I have no doubt in my mind that these videos are helping others who are going through something like this. Eamon is right your hair is not what makes you beautiful. Big healing hugs on this journey.
I can’t their such good people and bec is doing so good. She is so lucky to have someone like Eamon. Also just have to say bec your beautiful and eamon I love that jokes and humour keep them comin
Hey Doll, its Not so much about loosing the hair on your head its your eyebrows, lashes, All body hair and finger and toe nails too.  I wish you All the Best thru your jpurney.   You are so lucky you have Eamon by your side.
Bec you are so lucky to have Eamon you look so beautiful x
God bless its crazy how you do this hard stuff🥺🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Bec is such a legend and is handling this whole situation with such grace and poise. Love and light for you both :)
First off, you are both such good souls. Thank you for sharing such an intimate view into your lives right now. Secondly, i must know where you got that planter with the face and glasses! It's adorable!!
We all should be a little bit more of Eamon and Bec
Did you guys watch Kara & Nate's video?
Eres hermosaaaa Bec, literalmente tú belleza es tu alma, tú sonrisa, tus ojos que brillan, no sé si verás este mensaje pero te y les mando mucho amor!!!!
How long until Eamon buzzes his head?
I adore you both! Bec you are gorgeous inside and out! Thank you for sharing your journey from feeling vulnerable to empowered. You really have created such a beautiful space on the internet that is inspiring and joyful. Sending you all the love.
You're rocking every stage Bec, long hair, bangs, bob, shaved looking rad, your gorgeous wig and your cute head scarves! So many options and you are beautiful inside and out. Continuing to send love, strength and good vibes❤
You are GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My husband went thru Chemotherapy for 12 years before God took him home in 2018. He was in the military so the hair loss didnt bother him. I have to say as a caregiver what Eamon gives you as far as love and care is AMAZING. I believe that is why you are doing so well. GOD BLESS YOU!! #Trusthim.
I know this journey for you both has been so challenging, but to share this journey with your subscribers and the world takes the strength to A WHOLE OTHER LEVEL. YOU BOTH ARE TEACHERS ON A MASS SCALE! We think we know what God, the universe has in store for us, then God, or the universe shows us something else. You both are being used in a extraordinary way. In all your sadness your lights are still shining! I am so proud of you both! One day at a time guys. You've got this❤🙃😉🙏🇨🇦
You are stunning inside out Bec
Love you Bec and you can rock anything and everything and Eamon your the best power couple and never stop fighting warrior princess because it'll end and one day you'll look back and smile 😘😘😘🕯️
Lowkey, Bec is super hot with a shaved head
Sending Love Love Love!!!!!!🧡🧡🧡🧡
You are truly beautiful in every way... after watching this video, I wanted to ask you what mascara you used? Your eyes are stunning..
Stumbled on this somehow and glad I did. thank you for sharing. Bec, you are so brave. I'm praying for you that you will have a full recovery. We don't know what tomorrow will hold, but we know what is right in front of us right now. Embrace that. It's crazy how we all have things that define us. I totally understand. I'm on a journey that is reminding me that God defines who I am. If either of you would like to talk about it, let me know, I'd be happy to share.  Btw, I have that same Brownie and same Poloroid 31:56  in my camera collection. I have a few others too. Also, my wife and I love variegated philodendrons and have a bunch arlund the house.😉  Best to the both of you.
Bec, you are beautiful inside & out, such a strong and inspiring human. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending so much love ❤️❤️❤️
You don't need to wash your hair as often as usual...   Sending you all the good vibes ✨ 💛
Girl let it go. Look at it in a positive light. You'll save money on hair products. You'll never have a bad hair day and you can get ready to go out in a jiffy.    Don't mistake my making light. I used to sit with my friend as her kids brushed out her hair and put it in a shoebox. A smile on her face, a laugh with her kids but her eyes told the truth. She lost her hair and her battle. Win yours and find the good in just loosing the hair. Bald is beautiful
beautiful couple!!!!!!
Sending all the love 💕 you’re rocking the shaved look!!
So sacred to be included in such vulnerable moments. You are so lucky to have each other.
Bec you look so hot in this bald look through we can't help it and is difficult for you but looks really good ..
Sending ❤️
Awwwww I LOVE the new cut Bec! Loveeeeee 😍
🤍🤍🤍
I am really not just saying that... Bec looks amazing bald ❤❤ I can see her features !! A make up line ♡♡
You are absolutely beautiful💕
I’m so proud of you two❤️❤️
Blessings and prayers for healing. Just watched Kara's video where she cut hers.
Keep fighting I love you both 🥲💕
Keep yo head up. Thoughing up that upper lip. Other people got no arms legs or eyes
Bec you look so beautiful and such a strong women never forget that.  And Eamon you are a great to Bec and just such a sweet soul.
You are beautiful no matter what length of hair you have, no matter where its come from.  Sending love and positive vibes across the pond.  Keep going.  Xxxx
So brave and full of grace. Thank you for sharing. ❤
You are so strong and  beautiful Bec!!! The bob is absolutely adorable!!! I vote the first wig should be named Lydia (means "beautiful one") ☺
You look so beautiful Bec! I love you both and love the support you give each other and I am so glad you guys are so real on this vlog! Keep up your strength through this journey, You will come out even more strong than you entered!
Dankoni vin, tre informa video.Mi ĝojos se ankaŭ vi venos al mia kanalo.
You both are so beautiful!!! My grandma lost her battle to colon cancer 7 years ago and I remember the hardest part for her was loosing her hair. But she remained a beautiful pillar of strength in our family and still is in our memories!!! Bec you have created so much beauty for all of us thank you both so much for sharing yourselves so openly with us! I’ve been subscribed since your very first van build with trinity and you guys are by far my favorite channel to watch! It sounds like you have a wonderful team of people working with you!! I’m praying so hard for this journey to be quick and for your healing!
i cannot express how BRAVE you are, Bec! thank you thank you thank you for letting us in and sharing this journey with us! sending prayers and light your way!
Bec with your bone structure you rocked all those hairstyles and you look like a badass bald!
You look beautiful no matter what hair or no hair you have. You are so strong. Sending happy thoughts and healing your way
U look drop dead gorgeous being yourself ...your shaved head is so feminine on u....prayers up❤🙏.
Stay Positive!
I wear my Eamon & Bec jumpsuit allllll the time especially since it’s winter currently m… and i feel like i almost feel the same way you do when you wear Lee’s sweater.  Putting the sweater on or even wearing the sweats or wearing them together, it makes me feel… Empowered.  May sound strange but before they were just my faaavorite duo to wear when i was cold but watching you and supporting you through this journey Bec has made just that little task of wearing your guys merch more special to me 💚  You guys are always on my mind and i constantly send positive little messages and vibes your guys way.  At this point i think you are absolutely CRUSHING this hump in your life Bec and before you know it…… you will be better than ever before. Stronger than you probably never even thought you could of been, wiser, and all around a better human and i seriously love that for you and anyone going through this.  I went through this exact journey with my grandma and being her support system was the best yet hardest thing to do. Eamon shoutout to you my friend for being so strong, empowering, and shedding positive on the pretty sh*tty situations  Bec has to go through. You are amazing and deserve a recognition too!  Ah, love you guys so much! thanks for sharing as always 🤍 and now that i’ve written a novel imma sign off here 😅  Have a good week! and see you next Sunday!  👋🪴🌞💚🌸✨🦋🙏👒🇨🇦🧘🏻‍♀️👑💛🌅
Beautiful humans! ❤️💜❤️
Redheads are stronger, but  beautiful either way.
Awww shit happens. Now your making money off it lol
I love you guys i been crying thru this whole video Bec your stunning with or without hair your beautiful within no one or hair could take that from you you shine with the light from the sun. I want to send you some wine from my family's winery so when u beat this u can celebrate do u have a pobox?
I love you two so much!! Bec you are so beautiful and Eamon, I love how you support and love Bec!! You guys are amazing, thank you for sharing the good with the bad. Your vulnerability is so courageous.
You got this bec! Praying for you both!! 💛
You guys are so inspirational it’s unreal! Makes me so grateful for the little things, praying for you every step of the way Bec, and you too Eamon!!!❤️❤️❤️
No bs, not many people can pull off bald, you Bec, absolutely do! Just stunning
Love it 😍
Wow!! Bravest Couple... thank you so much for sharing this.  Sending all the positive vibes I can find. You are amazing. How can I/we support you more? Please let me know.
BEC, you looking fucking amazing no matter what you do! You two are so strong and beautiful. I've been watching the channel for a while now and can't believe the ups and downs you guys have been through. You allowing the viewers to be a part of this journey is a privilege.
Thank you for sharing this journey, it helps me understand a good friend who’s going through a similar breast cancer journey. It helps me to understand the basics of what she’s going through.  It also helps me encourage her in many ways
Wow! You need good energy and there was plenty of it in this video. Your hair will be back! Who needs all that hair (look who's talking)
Bec!  You are such a beautiful warrior!  I cried with you throughout this video, but felt your strength as well.  SO INSPIRING!!  And what an amazing partner you have in Eamon.  You've got this girl!!  Bald is beautiful and you are gorgeous.  Thank you both for sharing this difficult journey.  You're both Rock Stars.  And Oso... love love love!!
You have a very high fashion face my darling!!!!!!! I’m sending you all the prayers all the love and have all the faith for your sweet sweet soul 💜
Bec you look BEAUTIFUL bald! You remind me if GI Jane all the way around BAD ASS!!! Thank you for this video. Most people don't talk about this part of the journey. This video has probably helped so many and probably will for years to come. Both of you are such inspirations. I just wanted you to know we LOVE you guys!! The plant was absolutely the best way to show everyone that it's just hair it will grow back! Thank you both again!!
"May your hands always be busy May your feet always be swift May you have a strong foundation When the winds of changes shift May your heart always be joyful May your song always be sung And may you stay forever young May you stay forever young"   - Bob Dylan
My heart hurts for you. Eamon is one in a million. You DO look amazing BEC!
Eamon, I’m so glad you’re there for Bec. You two are so amazing and perfect for each other. I know things are tough but just keep doing what you’re doing and you’ll be on the other side before you know it!
Bec your such a beautiful soup. And Eamon is such a amazing support ❤
i love you Bec. big hug <3
Bec you are so beautiful still and Eamons love for you is staggering. You guys are so beautiful
Bec, you are so incredibly strong and  courageous. You’re incredibly lucky to have Eamon as a partner. ❤️
We love you Bec! Stay strong!
First of all: Dang girl! You hot 🔥. Second I'm so proud of you both ❤️. Wishing you all the best and keeping you in my thoughts 😊.
Bec, to think you couldn’t get any more beautiful 😍!! I believe this is a sign of your strength more than anything. You have probably helped so many others realize the importance of being more aware of the health of their bodies and minds. Including me! I love that you can do anything you set your mind to. You inspire me and many others to be more mindful. I’m so happy you have someone like Eamon by your side to be there for you through this. It can be so easy to let go of ourselves when we feel there’s not much left for us to hold on to but you prove that wrong time and time again. When your faced with a challenge you just hold on even tighter to who you are. It’s so beautiful, both you and Eamon are so beautiful!! Thank you for being so raw in such a sensitive and vulnerable point in time.❤️ Love you guys!
Your beautiful and strong !   If it helps I have a giant mole on the side of my face and growing up my mum always called it my beauty spot and only the most beautiful people have them !
Thanks for sharing with us! You're both amazing :)
You look beautiful... You are so strong.
You are such a strong woman for sharing your journey like this! Eamon, you are the best support anyone could ask for! Love you guys!!!
You got this my prayers are with you and all your loved ones
Bec you are so STRONG!  Thank you for sharing your story,  by sharing  you have helped others, I'm sure of it.  Sending good thoughts and prayers to you both.
Are you afraid of death?  Read this carefully for the cure ;   Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross. In doing so, his blood was shed to wash us clean of our transgressions . Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word, the holy bible. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
WE LOVE YOU GUYS!
You are so strong & so beautiful Bec! 🙏💕
Yup, looking hot either way 🤷‍♂️ I guess when you got the charm you just got the charm ❤️
You’re beautiful 🤩 SO SO SOOOO proud of you and inside and out your stunning! Keep on shinning and now that your bald, you’re OH SO SHINING SO STUNNING! I also wanna shout out Eamon for just being wonderful and super supportive, I loved the plant gift with the hair thought behind it, literally cried this whole video and I kept pausing just to pray about y’all! I have so much love for your family and I pray the people surrounding you also give you that love back🥰 bald is totally the new hairstyle and shoot we all should have you as the model of beauty for this look! 😍 love y’all and hope you have a beautiful and blessed week! Until next time 🥲
i must admit you are absolutely beautiful...with or without hair....never forget that.   And never forget that we are never given more than we can handle.  You are a strong beautiful, intelligent, young lady with a bright future ahead of you so take one day at a time and lean on your loved ones.  They all love you deeply.  Be Blessed.
Bec i didn’t see how beautiful you are with all that hair, your gorgeous and I’m loving you. You can get so creative with your makeup just glow as you do.. great job Em!!
We think you are doing great 👍👏👌😊
I am a therapeutic radiographer in the UK and I've been watching your channel for ages!  I just wanted to say that you look absolutely STUNNING and you're rocking it!  You can do this Bec! We're with you 💪🏼🧡 sending you loads of love
You look so badass ❤️
I'll rephrase my post how stunning is bec with shaved head, she doesn't need no wig but now with shaved head possibilities are endless with wigs styles colours
Bec you are so amazing, strong and inspiring. I have followed you for years and feel like I know you which is crazy to say. My heart goes out to you, stay strong ❤️ you are so beautiful with or without hair 😘
B You look fabulous ~ and E you r an inspiration 😍
You are such a queen Bec! You look like such a bad ass ❤️
My heart was breaking when you were hurting about your hair loss. I am sending love & prayers for your journey.  You are a beautiful human. Your light shines bright!
My 6 yo was looking sad this morning and I asked her why, she said bc Bec has cancer (i havent allowed her to watch the eps after Bec announced it) I told her that we can't worry or be sad, all we have to do is give it to God. So right now she went to have private space in the house and is praying for Bec. God bless you & keep you Bec!🙏🏽🙏🏽
I think it's really amazing and brave that you decided to share your journey through your cancer diagnose on youtube. It will help a lot of people seeing what it is like and how you deal with the issue that come up. Your positive outlook is amazing and your support for each other is an inspiration for anyone going through something similar.  Honestly not sure I've had as much respect for people I have never met before.
This was BY FAR one of my favorite videos ya'll have ever done. I know it probably wasn't easy at all.  And honestly I can't say i know what it feels like... but i felt the raw emotions flowing through this video. So from one subscriber in Texas. Thank you. For being simply YOU, and simply BEAUTIFUL. inside and out. (: -Courtney
Thank you so much for sharing this journey. I can't imagine how hard this must be especially when you have to gather the strength to pick up a camera every day and share your insecurities and just be brutally honest with the world. This whole experience has definitely helped give me a better appreciation oh how difficult this process truly is both physically and emotionally. You are both so incredibly strong.  If nothing else just know that you have helped me, and probably thousands of others, to be more empathetic in the future when meeting people going through something like this.
Bec, you look absolutely stunning!!! Manifesting peace, comfort, and quick healing for you! Much love!!! <3
so inspiring<33
You look amazing with a shaved head! I think even prettier!! Your face is so beautiful and symmetrical! ❤️❤️ thank you for sharing your journey. Much love from Kingston.
Sending much love and support to you.✨
You are a beacon of sunshine!
God bless you
I don't think I have ever cried watching a youtube video, but this got me... Eamon is being so supportive and Bec just blows me away with her attitude. Huge respect to the both of you. What you're going through is tough and sharing it publicly is a step I don't think I'd be able to take. Now, this is important: BEC LOOKS STUNNING. I'm not a person who hands out empty complements. If someone asks my opinion and I don't like it I will tell them. But Bec can genuinely pull off the buzzcut. Not everyone can, some people have weird headshapes or the facial features don't match, but she looks so elegant and beautiful. I think I like the bob even more, but it's a close call. <3
I’m crying because I feel Bec so much. You are amazingly strong and inspiring always. Exposing your real experience is a gift to all of us, and I thank you for being strong enough to film it.
I remember how hard it was when my mom lost her hair to chemo. She had leukemia back in like 2010. Stay strong and safe. I’m praying for you.
Bec you are so beautiful in every way 💕💕 thank you for letting us come on this journey with you guys and Eamon thank you for supporting our girl always !
You can just see the light that shines around Bec! She's constantly GLOWING even when going through all this. I'm also shook by how one person can look AMAZING at all stages of hair-loss. Bangs? Adorable. Bob? SO cute. Half shaved? Edgy. The little bangs in the ponytail before baldness? A total look. Baldy? Speechless!! Headscarves, wigs...you've got options!
Absolutely love Eamon and bec amazing couple true love There, becs amazing always had a crush on her since first watched them, but how stunning is she with short hair, and we All know she's beautiful inside and out no hair don't care we all love you bec and you too Eamon
Demon is a real keeper!!!
rockin the short hair.......freeing....I cut all my hair off 2 years ago...shaved one side....silver linings
Dear Eamon & bec .... i watch every single videos that you guys post..i don't comment on your guys videos becoz the videos are filled with joy and happiness and after watching the video I forget about commenting 🙈.... But today and the one where u got diagnosed made me so sad....i know u guys are going through really tough time... Don't be sad just don't.... u will survive through this difficult time... See loosing hair is nothing (yea you will be thinking u can say that 👊👊) i know 🙈... but seriously don't be sad... u are surrounded with loving family who cares about you and they will support you through this difficult time... and more over ur favourite subscribers are praying for u.... So don't worry... Don't be sad... Be happy.. 😊😊
You look absolutely beautiful. Seriously. This look fits you like a glove!!! Stunning. Sincerely.
You absolutely look vreat!  (memories of a past Star Trek movie star! She shaved her head for her role!  Wait! You look a lot like her!💞🤗
You guys rock <3
❤️📿❤️📿
Sending LOVE
You are beautiful inside and out regardless of your hair! I know that everyone here (the one's that aren't trolls) are sending positive vibes your way.  You will rise up like the fire we all know you have inside. I also thank you guys for bringing us along in this insanely hard journey. It shows people that we all have our own trials. Regardless of where you are in life. You both are so inspiring in so many ways to so many people. We love you 🥰💗
Wow!  So gorgeous!
Bec I only know from your videos on your channel, but it's obvious to me you're just as beautiful from the outside without hair as you are from within.
You two are one of the strongest people I’ve come across. And that buzzcut really suits you well Bec ♥️
You guys should of named this one bec learns she can pull off literally ANY hairstyle hahaha. You look absolutely beautiful, and I'm so glad you can see that! Sending you such loving healing light energy 🥰🥰🥰🥰
You're beautiful inside and out Bec your hair doesn't define who you are as a person! Was hoping Emon would of shaved his head too. hint hint Emon 😉 You're an inspiration to so many people keeping your cancer journey real.  In 2018 my grandson Krew was only 5 months old when he was diagnosed with Acute Myloid Leukemia. Not the same cancer I know but he's a cancer survivor and you're going to kick its ass too! Bec Strong 💪
Such a good thing your doing by sharing your journey 🤗 Your helping so many!  I remember people saying to me"but u look to good to b sick". E is so good like he was born to know how to love u.💞
Bec you look awesome,  you are a beautiful soul inside and out. The world is round and you and Eamon have sent out so many good positive vibes that the Universe will return to you. The only way is up. ❤️
No words, just sending endless love ❤️
You look great 👍👍
Bec you look so good and I can’t wait to see the Eamon and Bec wig!
A little out of topic but in an understanding of the importance of hair for self-confidence, beauty and all that... As a member of the afro community, the subject of hair is very often discussed, we experiment a lot, we often have bad experiences that lead to drastic changes that can be traumatic. But ultimately you can have so much fun trying a lot of different things. I mean I could spend hours checking different African scarf wrapping styles, colors of materials, wigs, and else... You are strong and beautiful, and dont forget your light shines from within girl !
Bec you have a heart of gold, along with Eamon who is such a champ and a very strong soul to have by your side. I started crying in the first 10 seconds of this episode.. Bec, yes you are so beautiful! Stay strong 💪 ♥️🙏🙏🙏♥️
💗
Prayers!! You are beautiful with or without hair. You should save some of your hair that you shaved and make a pincushion. Your hair will keep your needles from ever rusting
My name is Richard and I have kidney problems and I do dialysis plus I have heart problems, when bad things happen you need someone who loves you, I have my wife and you have someone to, it makes life so much easier, 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
I'm sending you and Eamon so much love I don't have words to make this better but yous are the strongest couple I know 💛
The thing is with total babes, they look good with any hairdo🤩You are so strong Bec. Eamon you are a great and supportive husband, wishing the both of you strength. Much love❤
It is so awesome to join you in this journey and seeing the love between you and Eamon. You truly are so much more than your hair!!! Keep coming back to those positive vibes after the down days, the sun will shine.
To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
Go Bec ❤️ 🙏 praying for you ❤️ 🇵🇭 I admire your husband Eamon...such a supportive and loving husband
Bec you’re my girl okay!!! I’m so proud of you. though we don’t see much I believe in you. I’m in your corner cheering you on my girl. Ramon you’re a blessing for never leaving her side and being so supportive. I love you guys 💛
🌟thought this video would be depressing but you are both such lovely people it was actually very inspiring and uplifting. 🍁Thank you for your video’s ☮️😊
❤️❤️❤️
Beck ! Happy international day of Women ! You are absolutely pure beauty and now there is no distraction around it. You are shinning🤩 and you have two angels to cheer you on and all of us 💪🏼🙌🏼😍
And remember you have Eamon and he is an amazing partner for you he loves you dearly it is clearly visual you will be great he's exactly the medicine you need 😊☮️
Embrace this sweetheart it's a difficult pill to swallow and when you have long beautiful hair it hurts a lot it takes something from you because you don't feel quite like you used to about your appearance however you embrace the beauty of being just you naturally completely. You can do it and you can overcome this hang in there I'm praying for you I was once sitting in your seat so I understand...... Blessings 🌻🙏🏾☮️
You can do this, Bec! You are strong and BEAUTIFUL!!! And Eamon is the best boyfriend!
I’ve followed you for a long time.I’m a truck driver ,don’t cry weep or show my emotions,I am truly touched you have shared your story.stay strong keep that smile, Eamon has your back,and a you are absolutely remarkable much love ❤️
You don't need hair when you're beautiful inside and out. Be strong, live long, carry on. 💪😘
The part i love the most is just watching the relationship you two share and it literally brings tears to my eyes. It beautiful to get a small glimpse of it. Bec this would be a tough part for so many and thank you for being to vulnerable and sharing this part to you journey. Your a fighter Bec. 💛💛💛
Dear Bec you are beautiful always. Loads of love to you and Eamon for just being you as you are. We are there for you even we are miles apart and will come over it together. Love you both..
We LOVE you!! You’re so courageous and have inspired me for years, even more so the last couple months. You can really pull off any look!
wishing you both all the best....
Love you! Wish you the best. ❤ Bec, you are one of the most beautiful woman I know. ❤
Oh Bec ,  I see the beauty in your face, I hear the sadness in your voice,  I feel the sadness in your heart,  I hear the courage in your spirit  I see the gift of you sharing a painfully sad time for you to go though I know platitudes don’t help But I see the beautiful Bec, and your natural beauty  And the love we want to share from afar Please keep talking to us, you are one very amazing woman, and to the love of your life, he nurtured you so beautifully   Hugs from us
You guys are some awesome people. I have many fears, but you guys are helping me to squash some of them!
Not as bad as a man that goes bald. Went from hero to zero in 10 yrs. Women lost ALL interest. Don't expect sympathy from me. I get none.
OMG you look so hot with no hair stay strong Eamon & Bec see you some Sunday
My prayers are with you both, guys. I know its tought to go thru Bec. Aemon, I see you trying your best, as her partner I can just imagine it's hard to be in the front row of what she's going through, trying your best to be the support, companion, cheerleader and shoulder to cry on. There will be good day and there will be bad days, Stay strong guys
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ You guys are soooo beautifuuullll!! The way you both are dealing with this is mindblowing! ❤️  After I saw Bec shaving her head I had a feeling I wanted to join and shave my head aswell 🤣 you are totally ROCKING the bald head! ❤️💪🏻🔥💃🏼🥳
“You don’t need hair for love” .. I love you guys .. xxx
Bec you are such a inspiration with your highs and lows. Allowing yourself to feel all emotions is such a hard thing to do. You should feel so proud of yourself and you are beautiful inside and out. Eamon is such a beautiful soul. Always being so strong with his support. Cancer does not just effect the person that has it but the everyone around that person. Having a good support system helps pull you through those dark moments. You both have such a great family and friends. Wishing you both all the best and I will always support your channel. Sending all the love.
U look amazing bec😲😍 also Wat a guy eamon is! Love your videos… u made me cry and smile all in one!  Sending love from Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿❤️
I am absolutely loving how AMAZING Eamon has been. His love for you Bec is undeniable. You two have such a beautiful love and life together and compliment each other so well. Also Bec, thank you for sharing all of this with us. Any one of us could at some point go through this and seeing all the good, bad, and ugly is truly inspiring.
the hair will grow back and you will still be the beautiful lady inside
ROKIN IT!
You look so amazing!!! We can see your gorgeous face even better. I don’t think I have seen someone that looks just as good with or without hair before, but here you are killing it!!
BEC we got you.... you look Terminator Salvation....love it !! Big hugs stay  +++++++
27:30 for cute, fun, beautiful and sexy.
It made me sad when you said, “I’m not brave enough….”  Never is that true!  You are brave and beautiful!💗
You both are so remarkably strong. Thank you for sharing your journey and continuing to have such a beautiful channel! Sending light & love.
Oh Bec I feel so proud of you ❤️. You are just awesome through all this. Sending urls hair to be made into a wig is such a blessing. I’m going through radiation at the moment, so thankful that I’m not doing chemo 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻. Keep the strength both of you. Having an amazing caring loving partner is a blessing. My husband is an amazing husband ❤️🙏🏻.Take care and sending you hugs, love and light 🥰🤗🙏🏻
🤗👍🏻😢🤗👍🏻
You are helping millions keep going!
Wow...your bravery in sharing every step of your journey just blows me away. Watching it crying and sending Reiki to you both. I've been following your channel for years, and seen you go through some really difficult experiences along the way, but your determination to hold on to love and positivity is such an inspiration. You may have been attached to your hair, but that inner glow is really what makes you beautiful 🧡🧡🧡🧡
So sorry about your hair, but Ohso is beautiful and what a nut! his cone has been chewed up!!! 😍 As for your shave I think it would have looked best completely shaved and I'm thinking just a little loving advice that your scarves with the tie or not on the top? Would look better on the side or in the back, I don't know,  give a shot let's see? Any way you're beautiful anyway, hair doesn't make who You are it just expresses what you enjoy, so hang in there you're so much more beautiful when you're happy...✌️♥️
You guys are so strong! It’s amazing to watch how you support each other♥️
Bec and Eamon glad you are such a strong support for each other.  As you do the science, I’d like you both to join this link, many have gotten healed of life threatening diseases as well come back to life.  Comes up 7am Nigerian time. I hope you will connect and here’s praying you are healed completely and what God cannot do does not exist!  https://youtu.be/ps2xhRXsPlk  Love you both.
Bec I am so sorry that you are going through this journey. You are beautiful no matter what because you have a good heart. You can beat this you re strong. Keep the faith.
You look amazing 🤩 no matter what
Women love to be victims and bathe in the attention of "tragedy"
You are so cute with short hair. Keep fighting the fight Hun.
I cried bucket loads with you. You are so amazing! Both of you. You are stunning outside, but your inner beauty radiates out. Stay strong Bec. Lots of love from Australia!
You look beautiful Bec and I love both your energy and positivity. This is very inspiring to watch and I'm so happy to see you both being your beautiful selves ❤️
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. All you have to do is believe in him and you will be saved. ❤
Cancer began eating my liver just like it did to my mom. She passed away at age 57 after being initially misdiagnosed and mistreated for a couple months before going through chemo, losing her hair, muscle, and life. I was 52 when I realized what my body was doing for two years. After seeing what happened to my mom and other friends and family members, I decided not to seek treatment and let it take me. Then I learned about the vegan diet. After 6 weeks of not ingesting animal fats and proteins, my symptoms disappeared and I feel great again. I've been on the vegan diet for over 2 years now and there's no going back.
Absolutely in love with love and your channel has so much of true unfiltered, organic, beautiful love!!! Praying for both of you!!! Hope y’all have a blessed day!
Your personality is what we follow. Stay strong for us. You will get your hair and and your health back. Looking forward to seeing many more of your travel videos. From a loving fan...
Bec you are a beautiful light in this world 🤍
All I can say is that I love you two, such awesome people, thank you!! ♡♡
Hang in there Bec! You look great bald, bob or wigging it! You’ll get through this together.
OK Eamon its now time to lose yours bro, get the shaver out be brave.
Jesus said to him , "I am the way the truth and the life , no one comes to the Father except through me."[John 14:6]  Repent and believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved
You are beautiful. ❤️ As I'm sure so many others watching, we could feel your pain. Others were crying with you, both of you. The wig looks AMAZING! And the fact that you had Emmons ponytail to combine with yours for a wig...well that's just so beautiful ❤️
Looks awesome! Don’t bother growing it back!
Boldy and buddy….too sweet!!! You are beautiful Bec, you have a spectacular skull!!
You are beautiful.  Brought back all the feels of my wife’s journey.
You look really beautiful… Eamon is definitely your soulmate.
You absolutely rock the bald head 🤘😉
our lad had to have chemo at 6 months old, he's in his 30's now.
You're absolutely right- losing long hair is so painful, both mentally and physically. For the last three and a half weeks, I've been losing my long, thick hair in massive amounts to the extent of having lost roughly 2/3 of my hair. My scalp is so tender, I have headaches all day and night and getting a shower is a bit traumatizing because the water hitting my head hurts so bad!  Mine is not due to cancer. Unfortunately, it's likely a side effect from my second time getting "the Rona", drastically compounded by the outrageous amount of stress I've been under for the last few months.   I'm very sorry to hear what you're going through but, wanted to reassure you that you made the right decision and saved yourself a great deal of extra hurt! Prayers for both of you!
All will turn out well! Keep going!
Bec, you are such an inspiration.  Stay strong and happy, beautiful lady.  Bless you both.  Name your wig Shay Shay.
Aemon, you are such a big supporter for Bec. All the support she gets from you. Great guy. Bec, true beauty is within. Aemon knows that very well.
Love love love to you. What a beautiful, generous, funny and brave soul you are.
I cut my long black hair last year… I’ll like to donate it to you. Please send the address
I think you look really beautiful with or without hair.
The plant pot 'it'll always grow back' I just...wow. So thoughtful
Love you
Sending all the love! You are looking stunning no matter what! My mother got lung cancer last year, and the journey of losing her hair was very sensitive -for her and the people around her - but she looked amazing, as do you!
You are so brave and beautiful - a double BB!  My heart goes out to you for sharing your journey with all of us.  Thank you sweet kind one ❤️💫🌻
Wow that was really emotional to watch! I shaved my head nearly two and a half years ago, but I did so voluntarily and still I know how hard it is to really go through with it and shave it all off. For you having no other choice - I can’t believe how hard that must’ve been for you, Bec!  Also, Eamon you’re not exaggerating when you say how good Bec looks! You can pull off anything, it’s incredible 😍  You guys rock, lots of love and sunlight and energy to both of you ☀️☀️
Eamon is so lovely and kind
We love you guys so much! I hope our positive energy reaches you and makes you feel better because we are wishing you all the best on this journey together ! Xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Love and 🙏🏻 for you my ❤️ goes out to you be-strong   Bec🙏🏻❤️from Lynn in. South Africa 🇿🇦💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
sending your good vibes and prayers, you look amazing!
Honestly you look hot! Stay strong to both of you.🙏
❤️
Sending so much love!!! Your so beautiful 💖
I lost one of my closest friends, Gabi,  to rhabdomyosarcoma in 2018. Going through that journey with her and now going through it on the outside with you, you remind me of her so much. I could not be prouder of not only you Bec, but Eamon as well. This is an INCREDIBLY hard journey for everyone involved but the impact that you’ve had on so many people already is insane and that what you take out of this situation if anything. My friend was such a light in this world and a joy to be around and I can see the same in you. Lee is with you throughout this journey holding your hand, reminding you how strong you are every single day. But now you get the chance to embrace the bald head and do all the cool costumes without the bald cap! For example, Gabi did the Dali lama for a party once!  My thoughts, prayers and love are with you both and your families ❤️
I knew you would look beautiful bald(know you will!)!  ... Have the hair made into a wig, either for you, or for some child.  Ha! I wrote that just before you announced it!   So I will leave my comment. Such a great idea to combine both of your hair. Ahhh, "You don't need hair for love."
Good luck. Stay strong. Xx
6:04 A bit of a trinity vibe from the matrix ;)
you guys are just FANTASTIC❤
She's hot AF with a shaved head. All women should shave their heads at least once in their lives to realize that it's more than just hair that makes someone beautiful
Ok my fam I'm a bald man ok so I've been through hair loss at twenty was so hard when u look in the mirror let me tell you however since we are so god damn attractive people we will take this experience as another adventure loves up Eamon an bec fam new Zealand baby❤️💯💪💪💪💪💪 flexxxxxx
love you guys here for you beautiful bec💗
Just wanted to comment on the hair thing, dear hearts--hair cuts, hair loss can be kind of emotional.  It is, after all, a body part, and we tend to be somewhat attached to our body parts, aren't we?  And big changes aren't so much fun sometimes when they catch us unprepared. May I offer this thought: that Flow is a part of who we are, is deeply the essence of our small experiences, and there is comfort in the idea of Flow (or whatever you name it)  and that we may draw comfort in the certainty that "everything She touches, changes...always and again."  Peace be with you both, and love and healing, from our house to yours♥
Love you
How is it possible to have so much love for two people I have never met before? My heart is feeling it all with you like your family.  Eamon and Bec you two are facing life with the sort of outlook that most of us only wish we would be able to do. Know that you are so loved by us all x PS: Bec I think you look exactly like Sinead O’Connor! PPS: what about the name Florence for your wig?
You are beautiful You are strong You are loved You have our hearts 💜
I cried so much watching this! And laughed too! Bec u r beautiful in every looks and frm inside… and Eamon I wish u strength too! It’s going to be alright
Draw a face around the mole lol 😁😁😁
You are so lovely to Bec, you’re both amazing and Bec is so beautiful with or without hair xxx
Coming from another woman that identifies my beauty with my hair...you look absolutely stunning bald...you're rockin' it pretty lady!!! Sending prayers, gentle hugs and lots of love to you both. 🙏❤🐾
You two guys are amazing. Bec you are beautiful inside and out. Love from our family in Ireland 🇮🇪 x❤️
Bec I sent you a message on Instagram hopefully it will make you laugh.... you are strong you are not beautiful you are stunning, you are kind and you will get through this. Eamon you are so supportive and kind and funny you were destined to be each others soul mates, God had a plan for you both to be together, I'm supporting you both from afar! I'm going to the Ukraine as a humanitarian to help the fleeing refugees in a few weeks from the UK, I will keep watching you both and checking in but I just want you to know you are loved xxx lucie xxxxx 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
Eamon we need more men like you, you are kind gentle but yet so strong. Bec your Spirit is so beautiful and bright. I will continue praying 🙏 for you both.
You guys are the most phenomenal couple I've ever watched via youtube the love between you two is amazing and inspiring through my life and through my own life experience I and I'm sure your following feels the same. You both are beautiful people no matter what life brings you two. Thank you for showing us your life with no hidden moments. You guys are an inspiration to the world <3
This video si so powerful. You are amazing, brave, strong, beautiful. I love you. Both of you.
My family's heart and prayers are with the both of you. Both of your possitive attitude is inspiring.
You are  beautiful and hot  girl   Thank you so much for sharing Sending a lot of love to both of you  💪🏻❤️
Such a strong queen, good idea cutting your own hair for a wig.  U do look beautiful bold. Poor doggo falling off the bed
❤
also stopping at 22 minutes.   wow... so emotional.. and so proud of you.   you beautiful girl.   and so proud of Eamon.
Bec Eamon is right it suits you, sending BIG LOVE my friend on the internet❤
Bec I shaved my head during the pandemic as we were in lockdown , hubby bought clippers and I did his hair and then he began on mine .. he was too scared to keep going so I had to finish it off . Now I didn't have cancer so there was no emotion from that there but just looking at yourself practically bald is kind of difficult so I understand your issue there and of course you have a lot more added in there. It's true though, you rock the bald head look x
You look beautiful Bec!! Been praying for you guys and will continue to do so! <3
Far out Bec.  You have the bone structure to support any hairstyle and look beautiful.  I know it sucks that you don't get to choose the hairstyle at the moment.  So much respect for you both.  My family has been affected by cancer and I am on the sideline of your journey cheering for you as hard as I can xo 💗
🇨🇦❤️🇨🇦❤️🇨🇦❤️
Eamon is doing so well with his humour to cheer you up he’s such a perfect support person. I know what going your through Bec, I have just been diagnosed with BC a double whammy. You look beautiful, you are an inspiration to people like me. Stay strong. Cheers from Australia ♥️
❤️ ♥️ sending love. You are so strong and beautiful Bec with or without hair. I really appreciate you sharing your story with us and wish you nothing but health and a beautiful long life. You are strong and have lots of support around you it seems. You can’t o this. Eamon, just to say you are an awesome supportive partner. I know this must be hard on you too, but you support Bec 100% and you are both doing great and I am glad you have each other
Bec, you are radiant! Thank you for sharing your journey 🙏🏻
Bec, those emotional, vulnerable moments you share and feel would not be normal if you did not have them. Bec you are a very strong lady and I am proud of you and Eamon you are such a wonderful strong supporter for Bec and you two are doing a beautiful, wonderful job together and I am proud of you too Eamon because you are feeling a lot of these emotions too. Keep up the fight and I pray all goes well for you both and your treatment Bec. Have a great day.
Coming from a man. I wish I could be half the man Emmon is  you have a great support system there.  And yes you are beautiful  and always will be We all love you guys.  You are a strong woman and you will overcome this. My sister went thru it so I kinda got it.   Be well you are loved by millions as you can see. God bless you both always.  Your always in my prayers   Lost of love.  Joe
❤
Thanks for sharing this. Tbh I think you look better with short hair. It highlights your beautiful face. You're also one of the lucky few who can rock a shaved head ♥️
Thank you for continuing to invite us in to your lives. I’ve been following you guys for years and I’m glad I can show up and show my support for you in some small way by watching, liking and commenting. Sending you both so much love, good energy and support from the UK 💕
This video touch me so much all will be well god is in control 🙏🏾🙏🏾
Watch G.I. JANE with Demi Moore
Wow! I left my comment about Lee away at the beginning of the video and I was shock too hear you guys say the same. She's with you bec!
You guys are amazing to eachother x  Also Bec you look incredible bald!
Sending all our love and support ❤️
Dear Bec, you are such a beautiful person. your beauty radiates from the inside and that's why even without hair you are still so beautiful. love, light and strength to you and Eamon.
Bec, you are truly an amazing young woman and your Eamon is a remarkable young man. I sit here crying with both sadness and admiration to see the path you are both currently taking. 💖💖💖💖💖
You two are nothing but amazing!!! ❤
There isn't a single moment that life's journey doesn't twist or turn. Having your person quiet the mean-girl thoughts we seem to do to ourselves, turns our dead-ends to a little potholes that we can navigate through.  Bec thank you for sharing.
Bec, you are incredible! Sending love and positive vibes x
You WILL be ok and your health WILL restore to 100% healthy! You stay strong and you keep fighting! Lee is with you and she will protect you. We are all here for you, we all love you! There's nothing that will beat you bc you have already beat it first you just don't know it yet! Bec don't you let this bs bring you down. YOU WILL BEAT IT AND YOUR BABIES WILL BE RIGHT THERE WAITING FOR THEIR MOMMY BEC AND DADDY EAMON! ❤
Adverts on a video about cancer??
Un très jolie couple !!! pleins de courage a vous deux
You both are the most beautiful, inside and out. What an amazing couple you both are. The love you have for one another is something everyone can aspire to. God bless you in your journey together.
Sending you love and light <3 Kudos to you too Eamon, for being super supportive and kind!  Bec, you'll be fine in no time. I am sure :) You are so positive and kind! Love you!!
Bec, your strength is truly inspirational. My continued prayers are with you.
You are literally the most radiant human on the planet 💕
Bec you look so cute with a bob!! Years ago, when I was a girl scout leader, one of my scouts had osteosarcoma, and she lost her hair when she began her chemo. Her moms spent a great deal of money to buy her a wig, and after wearing it 2x, she said it was itchy and hot. So she bought some lovely scarves, and never wore the wig again. She was only 10 years old at the time. You are beautiful Bec!!!
Lee would be so proud of you!
Sending all my love to you Bec, you are incredible. Thank you so much for sharing this journey with all of us. you are so brave xx
Just to say YOU are so beautiful. Both of you are amazing. Love the Sinead O’Connor Look on your Bec, and ‘nothing compares to you’ 😘😉😘
You guys rock! Sending you love and support from Istanbul, you got this Bec <3 By the way, you really look beautiful with a shaved head :)
Bec, get your self some platform pleather boots with some bad ass zippers or spikes! You rock the shaved head!! The love that I can feel the love when I watch your family.
Bec you honestly look so cute, so beautiful and sooooo badass with a shaved head!!!!
Eamon you are rockin’ it too, such a wonderful husband/best friend. Love Lyn ❤️
Because my hair had grown so long during Covid at 2am one morning I shaved it all off with my husband’s new shaver I bought him for his beard.  I went out the next day and everyone raved about it. I absolutely love my shaved head because it required very little maintenance. Also by wearing more eye make up your eyes stand out especially if you wear natural false eyelashes. I get my brows tattooed so that is a feature as well.  People say I have a really good shaped head and I notice you have too…that is so cool.  Shaved heads rock!! You’re rockin’ the whole adventure!! Life is just one big adventure!!  So proud of my YouTube community friend 💕 Love Lyn xx
damn i have been watching since the van travels...now i am digging the cabin, ....seriously becca feel that hair. im just some indiana  46y/o social worker, but damn girl - fire! i adore you. i hope you see how much you are loved. <3
YOU LOOK STUNNING!!!!!
Bec, you look beautiful. Rock all those looks!  Eamon wow you are so strong! I was in tears watching parts of this. But you held it together and I think that’s what Bec needed. ❤️❤️❤️
I know this part of your journey was so incredibly difficult for you and I’m sending all the light n love your way in hopes it gives you strength, courage and healing. Also… Rocking the bob and bald *chefs kiss* you look amazing!
So sorry Bec.  I sobbed the whole way through with you.  Eamon is an angel.  And he's right... You look beautiful.  ❤️
Breaking down when you wore Lee’s sweater. Can’t think of a stronger person right now then Bec and I can’t think of a more loving and helpful and goofy partner then Eamon. Love you keeping going!
Oso (the dogs) ecollar had me rolling  with laughter. It looks like it has  had a rough time as well. Beck you are gorgeous! Thank you for sharing.
you have to name your wig! Moira Rose would be disappointed if you didn't jk jk
I've been a long time watcher. I haven't commented in a while. But I watch every video. I just have to say. You are so beautiful and everyone would wish they looked as gorgeous as you bald. And Eamon is such an amazing partner. He's so good to you. Y'all are blessed. Remember this is just a short time and you are going to kick cancers  butt and this will all be just a memory. Bless you both. Ps. When you cry I cry. I adore you guys. We are all on this journey with you both. And I know you're going to kick it's butt. Keep rocking ...
I almost couldnt watch.  Nothing against Bec. I couldnt imagine losing my hair 😩 like Bec explained.... wrapped up in part of your identity. I felt that. I almost cried just at those words. Youre are the strongest person I've seen handle this and I am thankful for you sharing all parts your experiences and journey. It will help so many people heal with so much positivity. Youre so positive with everything and I know it will benefit so many women. Youre beautiful. Stay strong goddess
Eamon is such a amazing partner!! I am sure you guys will get through this together. You look beautiful Bec!
It's going to be ok Sweetie ,Your beautiful inside and out .We need Kingingit here with U Guys right now ,I know they could cheer U up and they seem to be nice good people like U 2 r .I told U about my Aunt's that had breast cancer and they r both over 70 now .My Aunt Dianne always had very straight hair but she always wanted curly hair so when  she lost all her hair and  when her hair grew back, it was curly and she was so happy and and it was beautiful . I can tell U that I don't know a single woman that's not attached to their hair .I don't know it's a woman thing but it's how it is so don't feel bad about feeling bad but it's going to be ok . Remember that it's saving your life and your hair will grow back but U wouldn't .Bless U and Eamon everyday all day ❤️
You are sooo beautiful Bec, inside and out, with or without hair. Sending good energy for both of you. Thank you for sharing your journey.
I relate to the hair attachment issue and doubt I would be as strong as you. What a trooper. You actually look adorable with your head shaved.
Thank you guys for sharing this with us.
Beautiful :)x
You look amazing bec
Damn Beck you look soooo good!!! Makes me wanna shave my hair myself!
Such an awesome husband. You sure are lucky to have each other!!
You look absolutely beautiful Bec, you're killing the bald look! Love and light all the way from South Africa ❤️🇿🇦
You are an inspiration. Eamons love for you is beautiful to watch.
Bec you are the type of gorgeous beauty that looks good no !matter what your hair looks like. I love the bald look on you though. Very kick ass!! I wouldn't mess with you!   This is an entirely new journey for you. Embrace it!!
I have been MIA from YouTube. Prayers to you Bec.
Crushing it baldy 👍🏽👍🏽❤️
Just in addition to all the incredible comments already made, I love the plant present of he/she having hair for Bec! “It will always grow back buddy” 😭😭 ❤️
♡
you look beautiful!
Bec...  Your bob was so so very cute on you.  I loved it!!!   my heart was breaking with you, when you had to shave your hair.  I wish it wasn't so hard.  Cause you are the most beautiful person, with or without your hair.  You rock the no hair look.  And Eamon is an amazing partner!!!  Love you Eamon!  You both are just BEAUTIFUL! people!!!  I know sharing this was really hard. But I think you have helped so many people and have helped so many to be brave.  sending you love and healing energy.
Continuing to pray for you guys! Bec is beautiful with and without hair. Thank you for taking us on your journey. I am dealing with cancer as well so I understand the emotions involved.
Great job guys, wish you all the luck in this journey. Baby girl your beautiful without the hair, why because of what is on your insides , you guys are great !!!
you both are incredible <3
Bec, you are so so brave 💛 thank you for sharing your tears, your smiles, and your beauty. Sending over lots of love!
You look amazing Bec. You've got such a beautiful shape head you rock your new look! As for Eamon, a lot of men could learn a lot from you. You are such an amazing support. You are both an absolutely beautiful couple. Sending you both much love and virtual hugs x x x
Love you both!!!
Bec- on those down days just remember you are a stunningly beautiful bad ass warrior.  Long hair, short, bald, wigs..., gorgeous in any hair color, fashion or trend. You are slaying it.  Wishing you both well on this journey toward a full and healthy recovery on this journey.
Bec, you look beautiful! Thank you for sharing your journey.  It is scary losing your hair. I had Covid last summer and that was the most sick I have ever been. A couple of months later, I started losing my hair in huge clumps: in the shower, when I brushed my hair or when I ran my hands through my hair. Going through anything traumatic to the body causes hair loss. I think I lost about 90% of my hair and it has been emotional to experience that.  I know chemo is harder on your body than Covid, but so many of us have had to experience hair loss, so we can sympathize with you! Keep up the positive vibes and we’ll keep you in our prayers.
#Loveyouguys#becisbeautiful
Never seen anyone looking so good bold!! 😘😘😘👌👌👌Gorgeous! 😘
YOU LOOK SOOOOO FKING GOOD 😍😍 BALD IS SUCH A LOOK!!!
This was really hard to watch, sending you all the positive energy in the universe
These past couple videos have been emotional to watch because i have such empathy. If there was anyone who personifies great health it's you! CANCER sucks and doesn't discriminate. Bec you are beautiful w long hair,  short hair, no hair and you rock as wood like no other. I also want you to know that I think you're a SUPER HERO!!! Sharing this very personal and sometimes traumatic journey is making a difference in so many peoples lives!!! You are POWERFUL, you are FEARLESS, you are SELFLESS, you are STRONG, you are TRUE, you are just INCREDIBLE and REAL!!! I am so PROUD of you!!! Don't you ever forget YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL, YOU ARE BRAVE YOU ARE STRONG and you've got this! You're not alone, besides Eamon, your family and friends you've got so many people supporting you!!!!  Please keep your weight up, it will help you keep up your strength to continue fighting! And winning this battle. I'm Sending you much love and support❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💋💋💋💋.  You have to know Lee is with you every step of the way!!!!
I promise it’ll grow back!
For the Nausea try " preggie pops" you can get them on amazon and they help sooooo much!  Sending healing vibes your way!
So beautiful Bec! ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are beautiful with hair and without. You can rock bald any day of the week. Your wig looks like your natural hair. I’m praying for your healing and your positive energy is amazing. I’m praying for your healing and you keep smiling because you are just glowing. I wish every woman I see that has or is going through what you are would have as much positive energy as you. Keep strong and take care.🙏✌🏼❤️🤟
21 years ago I underwent treatment for stage 3 breast cancer.  I can definitely relate to your feelings about being bald and what people might think.  While on chemo I gained weight on purpose so I wouldn’t look like a cancer patient  I know now it’s a crazy feeling to have had but at the time it made sense to me.  I have several moles on my head and hated them.  I wore a head cover so people couldn’t see them.  You are so damn beautiful and strong!  Hoping to see y’all Sunday!
I've been losing hair thanks severe gastroparesis.  I started wearing wigs and love them . I wanted human hair wig that didn't cost an arm and a leg and researching for the last year I found lolly hair was incredibly kind and really took the  time to talk to me and share my journey.  If you want any tips love to help
Bec You're an amazing woman.  Your handling of the situation is astonishing to both women and men alike.  also.  The dear man next to you.  His coping,  the situation, and capacity for inclusion are no less great.  The stress he experiences is no less small. Because as men we always want to solve and here we can not.  hold on.  We hold, our fingers.  For a speedy recovery and the continuation of an inspiring relationship.
I already feel beaten by my life choices. Split from my husband of 18 years as he started fucking a mutual young girl who was our sons babysitter. Our 17 year old son is taking me for granted because he's a teenager. My body feels shot to shit from stress. Fighting my son everyday to try and keep him going to school and not going to live with his dad to run a muck doing drugs with his dad. I ve given everything I have to my son, realizing when he goes, I will be alone. So I am wearing everyday for what was and trying to find strength again. Tell myself I will love again and be loved. Although I'm so tired,I wonder how. Because your tears sent me for a loop and now I'm crying for every woman that had a dream and got hit with life's bullshit.
this was me 5 months ago - my heart is right there with you on the emotions that go with this xx
The strength and love you both show is amazing. Like Eamon  keeps saying its only hair and the beauty you had at each stage was wonderful to see, we will see each stage again as it starts to grow back and your external beauty will shine just like you internal beauty. Lots of love and best wishes to you both. ❤️ ❤🇦🇺💋💋
Bec and Eamon, you are the most lovely and sweet couple I have ever met. I used to believe that living in a van and traveling the world would make me the happiest, but you guys have recently reminded me of how simple things in our everyday lives can make us feel just as happy and loved. It all comes down to perspective and mindset. Every day, you guys inspire me. Best wishes to you both ❤️
Bec you are absolutely so strong and brave.. your positivity literally brings tears to my eyes. My heart goes out to you and Eamon. Sending positive vibes your way. p.s. Bec is totally rocking it.💗
You’re beautiful both inside and out, Bec. ❤️  SHAVE IT OFF, EAMON AND YOU’LL BE AS BEAUTIFUL, TOO.
Found you guys when I was watching Max & Lee..she is always in our hearts ♥️  You guys are awesome and I love your content! Congrats and keep it up ! From your Aussie friend 🇦🇺
Sending you both SO much love! You look so incredibly beautiful Bec 💕 You always have and always will!
I smiled the whole time watching this weeks episode. Bec you’re BEAUTIFUL and an inspiration. And Eamon your love for Bec is…well…stunning to witness. Thanks for sharing your journey beautiful beings. 💗
Gorgeous. In all stages. Love you guys so much!
Two things: one, Bec you are an amazing and stunning human inside and out, with hair and without ❤️ stay strong! You've got this! Two, as a proud owner of a crazy dog who has broken through many cones, Oso's busted up cone had me laughing. What a sweet boy.
Bec you look beautiful ❤️
I’ve got a mole too, we are so special !
Sending you both love and light from South Africa,I wanted to let you know you're loved and appriciated❤️✨
You are strong and beautiful! 💗
Sunshineee Beccc... you are strong gorgeousssssss and you are such an example to us all...I've been following u'all for a while now but im so thankful for your honesty that you and Eamon share with us...ooooooh did I say gorgeousssss rocking the bold damnnn girllll...yhhhh... Love lots  Alizée
The fact that you are sharing this proves you are a million times stronger than you give yourself credit for.  Stay strong, you are beautiful.
May you both be Blessed 🙏 sharing this journey is amazing, thank you 🕉
You guys are the best sending so much love ❤️
You two are such a beautiful light in this world. Bec you’re a beautiful beautiful soul! This video really really hit me in a deep way. I laughed with your guys & cried along as well. I don’t have cancer but I do have some nasty autoimmune diseases that in the past few years have really been reeking havoc all throughout my body both inside & out. The latest being my hair. (And I thought it was bad when it changed my skin texture) I always thought as my illnesses caused extreme weight gain that “at least I still have great thick hair.” But now I would just cry after every haircut because of the changes. I never knew my hair was a security blanket for my self-esteem. Watching you go through what you are has reminded me to hold onto the small Happys and that it’s OK to cry and feel the feels. As well as celebrate the good days with the bad. I always turned to your channel for the good vibes & adventures as I have been more home bound now because of my health. Thank you so very much for continuing to share your lives even in these tough times. I didn’t know I needed these videos too. I’m sending you and E my biggest hugs, prayers & warmest fuzzy feelings from My little heart in Texas to yours. Thank you guys for being your amazing selves! 💖
Thank you for sharing your journey. Bec, you look adorable no matter what you do with your hair. Bald makes your eyes more noticeable and beautiful. When my sister was going through chemo, she looked so beautiful bald too, but her partner was not as supportive as yours. Blessings to you both!
Bec you are both beautiful inside and out!  You two have a wonderful supportive relationship. Blessings to you both🙏
Have you heard of Beljanski ?
I remember that tingling in my scalp so vividly. As you, I dreaded losing my hair. I wore a beautiful wig throughout my chemo treatments for breast cancer. It wasn’t until I finished treatment and my hair started to grow back in, that I realized how freeing it was to have no hair. I’m 12 months post chemo  and I am still keeping my hair in an extremely short pixie cut. I now wear my short hair as a badge of honour. From one warrior to another, sending positive thoughts as you go through this journey - you’ve got this!
I appreciate you all so much!  Sending you my love and happy thoughts.
Literally every step, every length you’re so beautiful! And that wig!!! 🤩
Xoxi
These videos are so raw, so real, and so touching. Thank you guys for taking us with you through such fragile, vulnerable times. You are both the most beautiful human beings. We're all here with you every step of the way ❤️
My sister had ovarian cancer and chemo in 2018. Watching your journey is cathartic for me, as I didn’t want to face the reality of it then. Four years later, and she’s doing great. I’m wishing you both much health and love.❤️
Sweetie.. put in some really large hoop earrings.. Put on your make up and rock the look!! You are beautiful... Wonderful tall black ladies look awesome with the bald look.. and you are one of those white ladies that can do the same thing for sure!!
hi beaut hope your okay and that and u will alway look good no matter what  hope yous ar both okay xxx
Hey Bec, The whole world loves you. Do not think for a moment you are anything but beautiful. In fact, I have heard it said, the way to tell if a woman is really beautiful is whether or not she is still beautiful with no hair. You are. There is a second way to know if a woman is beautiful. It is when she is totally comfortable being herself in front of others and is still an amazing person. Again, you are. Eamon struck gold when he met you. I am so happy you two have each other. I'm proud of you. You are going to be fine and I look forward to many more years of going with you on your life's adventures on youtube.
Bec your positivity shows in your face you look beautiful.  Stand strong God loves you. You too Eamon lol.
OMG!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN BEAUTIFUL BUT...........WOW!<3 honey you look AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I am so glad that things are still going well, the hair will always come back! I  can't wait for another update video but we love you both and are sending prayers.
❤️
I love you guys. I’m planning my van build around your layout. I want to buy a cabin in the mountains and fix it up. Your life is my dream life. I’ve been watching you guys forever and the news about bec was heart breaking. Eamon is the best person you cloud ask for in this situation. He’s so supportive and calming and he’s perfect for this situation. Bec is a trooper get through it guys
Bec is rocking the ball head and Eamon is such a beautiful, loving, supportive soul. You are so lucky to have each other. 🥰 Eamon should shave his head in supoort!!!!
About 4 months after I had open heart surgery I started losing my hair which was a total surprise!
We will continue to shower you in love thoughts and prayers.  Cancer or not, you are the most amazing humans. You deserve the world and you will get through this. Watching you break down Bec was so hard. You are just simply an inspiration to me. You have this love. You are going to be okay. You are doing so good.
Support and love sent your way.
Congratulations on the million! Bec your shaved look or with hair your a beautiful strong woman!
This was seriously your best video yet I love you both ❤️
You look beautiful 🌻
Love you Bec! Love you Eamon! Love you Bear! Take care of each other. Lead with love & grace. Praying for you all✌️❤️🌞🙏
Amazing journey. Thank you for sharing. God bless...
My mom had breast cancer right now too. It's super hard. She looks so different without hair and I'm still getting used to it. I'll pray for you, I know how it has taken a toll on my mom. You can do it! Attitude is everything!
I love your short hair!! Absolutely beautiful inside and out no matter what.
You are so brave. You make me also in tears.  i feel you.
Yes, you are absolutely adorable and beautiful! You were born with the most beautiful facial structure. Bald looks good on you Bec! Rock that! Wishing you health and wellness, more happiness and joy! Strength and power King Eamon. Your support to your Queen is wonderful to watch. Blessings.
Bec, bold, beautiful, brave, bald, brilliant, and beloved! Stay strong! We are all here for you, supporting you through this. And You have a wonderful partner next to you! 🤍🤍🤍
Gosh she’s so beautiful
Praying 🙏 for you.
Bec, you’re a true rockstar. You ARE bald and beautiful. The courage and realness you show is not to go unnoticed. Congratulations, you’re one moment closer to being a new, healthy, thriving version of yourself. Stay true, stay you & see you Sunday! 💗💗💗
Bec I know you have to come to grips with all this in your own way and on your own schedule. But we all knew you'd be really cute with no hair. Most adorable little stray duckling ever aaaaand also it's very badass! You got this babe!!! You are shining so bright in your gratitude, your vulnerability, your acceptance of these circumstances and also your fight to prevail over them. You are beeeeeeeeeeautiful. It has nothing to do with your hair.
All the love, healing vibes and prayers I have to give are coming your way❤️🙏🥰🙏 You’ve got this!!
For some reason, she looks even hotter bald... if that's even possible!
That is called big Bennie, I sell those in my boutique. It is so adorable and sells very good. So happy for  you you deserve. 😉🙌😘
all the love being sent to you both❤️❤️❤️
You are hot with or without a shaved head
Bec, you look beautiful regardless!!! & i hope you feel better 💖
I love how clean organized and holistic you both are and you're both such wonderful people I'm so grateful that you're taking this as well as you are it's really fantastic to see
YOU TRULY ARE NO LESS BEAUTIFUL!!! IM A 55 YR OLD DUDE WHO TELLS IT LIKE IT IS
Also you have a perfect face for a buzz cut, seriously
Thank you for showing the gritty parts of treatment. My sister was diagnosed with Breast Cancer in 2020 and she had to go through all of this too. It was the hardest year of my life and I wasn't the one going through treatment.
Bec you are so beautiful even without hair. Your face is beautiful and you can wear your hair any way. Eamon you are amazing and very supportive of her in every way.
You look amazing!! You rock the bold look or hat look.
You are beautiful Bec! Thank you both for sharing this journey with us.
When you said your were wearing Lee’s sweater to feel strong… tears
you are so beautiful all the time, Bec. sending love and prayers ❤️
You both are AMAZING...
I couldn’t love you two anymore than this moment. Bec- you are beautiful!!! Thank you for sharing your most intimate journey. I have a friend in stage 4- and your video helps me know more of what she is going thru.  Praying for you.
How does the health care system work?
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
Beautiful no matter what.
Sending health, happiness and positive vibes to you both.   I was getting GI Jane vibes with the shaved head look. You look a lot like Demi Moore.  You are so beautiful. xxxx
With or without. You're still beautiful
You are beautiful and inspiring!
Rockin’ Lee’s sweater in the last scene. ❤️ I was cheering for you both through the whole video. So much love! 👋🏼🇨🇦
You're strong ... you've got this!! Blessings to both of you.
You're beautiful Bec!!   I love your positivity.  You're such in inspiration.   And Eamon, you are such a great partner to Bec.  Love you guys💛
You are Beautiful Bec! Sending Love  ❤❤
Bev you are the bravest baddest beeeeatch ive ever seen !!,,,  love to you both.  Sv in oregon.
You are so beautiful!!!!
oh Bec how I wish we could all hug you!
You look beautiful with or without your hair, Bec.  You are so strong to share your journey with us no matter had hard it is.  Girl, cancer may take away your hair temporarily but it sure has not and never will take away your amazing personality.  Eamon, you are the best.  You always know how to perk your beautiful wife up when she is so down.  When you tried on the cap with the wig built-in I thought you looked amazing on the video.  Bec, I am praying for your complete and speedy healing.  I'm also praying for Eamon and both of your families.  God bless all of you and stay strong.  I love you like family.
Your both so POSITIVELY BEAUTIFUL 😍 I
Bec, I was waiting until the end to comment and you pipped me to the post. Was going to simply say "Beautiful inside & out". True story! Much love from Melbourne xxx
Love you both so much and proud of how you’re walking through this season. Continuing to pray for you 💕
You’re Awesome!!
Bec you are SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!   and so brave.  Love Love Love Love your way
OMG! Love the bob on you! Sending positive thoughts and vibes your way Bec!!!  PS..editing because I just watched your new hair free do! Bec you look amazing…AMAZING!
So many young healthy people have gotten cancer since the experimental “medicine” came out and this is only the beginning now that we know the “ medicine” causes the immune system to malfunction and turn the body against itself.  Wait until the world finds out it also caused sterilization.
be careful of the sun when you are out and about without a wig. your scalp does not know how to deal with it. hats or a wig a must.
Congrats on a million viewers!!
You are so strong and Eamond is so protective and supportive of you!  I know you will pull through this stronger and with all your fans pulling for you!  Keep smiling and know we are all praying for you!
Bec I want you to know how I (and likely so many others) see you being beautiful, I see your beauty in the way your eyes light up around the people you love, I see your beauty in the way you love Eamon, I see your beauty in the way you speak about life, beauty in the way you love friends, beauty in the way you continue to live with grace. Sending you and Eamon so much love. Your relationship has always and continues to inspire me💕
You guys are two of my favorite people I’ve never met! I love that you mentioned Lee today as she’s the reason we “met” in the first place. You got this Bec.
Awwhhh Bec you are badass!! As a 1st time baldie myself (alopecia areata) I understand all those hair related emotions. Wraps and beanies work best for me as I find wigs itchy. Honestly Eamon (who is killing the supportive partner assignment btw) is right... you are stunning!! YOU'VE GOT THIS!!🥰👨‍🦲
I really hope you guys adopt Oso. He fits in perfectly with your family!
“Go little rockstar “. 😜 likes get  through with shit  .  You go little badass
Diagnosed with melanoma this year.  Sisters in C-A!!!!!!
Bald girls rule... and, dude, you're head is perfect for bald...  You look way more punk rock now. Ha! Cheers!
sorry for all the comments, but You are strong girl!!
love you both!!
You are beautiful inside and out!
WE LOVE YOU
Thank you so much for your vulnerability and candor! I remember watching my mom lose her hair and trying on her wig as a kid. I started watching y'alls travel videos years ago. Never would have thought you'd be sharing this kind of content now. No one knows where our journeys will take us in the years to come, but I am so very grateful to walk alongside you for this little bit of your journey now.
You are beautiful inside and out but girl, your head shape is awesome and I love it shaved! I love you both and keeping you in my thoughts and prayers. You have this!
🙏🏻🤗😘🇬🇹
Luv chickpeas but can make u so gasssy…rice, bananas, maybe noodles and you are a beauty !
when i was 21 i ended up in the icu for an extended period of time, about 6 months in, i went in for an open heart surgery and woke up finding out they cut off all my hair before it. i felt like a lost my femininity. i was never attached to my hair before but the loss of it hit me in a way i couldn't process, congrats on reclaiming your beauty and strength in spite of a loss you didn't know would be so traumatic.
I’m so sorry for your loss. I understand the attachment to long dark hair. You are strong and that shows through no matter hair or no hair. 💕🔥
Rocking that bald….dammmn girl!! 😍💕   Thank you for being so raw and real. The love you have for each other is inspirational. 🌻
Your attitude throughout this journey continues to amaze me every single video, you're taking every hurdle like an absolute champion and I have so much gratitude for your vulnerability in sharing it with all of us. You are just so open with your emotions that I find myself crying with you one moment and laughing with you the next. PS you look absolutely gorgeous no matter the haircut - when the time comes you're gonna rock so many cool looks as it grows back
Also  use rosemary and sage oils after done all your chemo,, will help  grow hair  back quicker later.  Love your wig. Your so brave courageous to do chemo I know gals that won't even try it. So sorry this so painful but will be over soon. It's mind over matter but ok to release and heal.
you have a good rounded head and it looks great!!
You really do look beautiful. And you should rock it, i shaved my head almost exactly a year ago and it's little longer than shoulder length, so when it starts growing out it grows way quicker than you realize! Altså my hair has never been so healthy, i got my curls back from years ago and it's never greezy anymore. and i feel like the way it falls so natural is so pretty, i try to cut the ends the same way cause i love it that much. I hope you will find some of the same positive experiences in the jurney. Also you shine, keep 🌟
Bec you are beautiful with or with out hair. Love you girl!!
We love you both so much -you are beautiful because of who you are and have amazing strength to get through one more challenge - each day is another step in a puddle but there’s so many gems to enjoy in a day but the fun part is that there’s joy in discovering it  Keep going you’re doing great -love your channel -sending virtual hugs
As someone who has gone through chemotherapy I more than understand what it's like. Looking back it had a effect on my mind. Even too this day I experience what i was told is chemo-brain. Hair loss was my least concern. As it turned out, I didn't loose my hair. But I did loose a lot of what was under my hair. Forced with having to write things down to remember. The experience I would describe as a drunken stupor for a year. And I was before are am I now a person who consumed alcohol. My emotions were also effected. None of the effects were discussed with me prior to treatment. Hence why I have posted here now. So others will maybe read this and be prepared for what's coming. Keep in mind it's something you won't notice till a year are more after treatment. In fact on this date of my post I went in for blood work. I have something called a port implanted under my skin in my neck and chest for IV or to pull blood. I won't know till a week from today what the results are. The unfortunate part is that's my birthday. If cancer is a new diagnosis for you, I know what your going through. I was not supposed too survive. Was given less than a year. That was in 2017-2018. I'm one of those that a 30 year cancer doctor tells you I haven't had someone with your cancer survive from. Yeah, Don t let know one make your prediction. What I have done to survive know one believes. But yet I'm still here. So fu€k the nay sayer's. Your not covering me up with dirt.
This is the first video I have seen from your channel, and I'm going to follow your channel for one reason.  If my mom, my grandmother, and her mother can defeat breast cancer (a multitude of times each), then I know you can do it as well. I believe in your strength, and I can't wait to hear you say you've defeated this thing just as I've heard 3 generation of my family have said. Until then, you still look just as beautiful as my mom, please stay strong.
Much love to you guys ❤️
Ok Eamon you are  the best.
I have also been my long hair, Bec... that you are doing this on your own terms is one of the most powerful things I have ever experienced.  I watched my mom's hair circle the tub and I know she wanted more control.  And wooh doncha know that hair grew back thicker and stronger 💪.  Thank you Emon!
The PINK (singer) look with the head raps is  pretty fucking cool. Try some different color bandannas. You’re awesome Bec you’re gonna beat this.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL BEC!! Your new hair style looks so FUCKIN' rad and it reminds me of Demi Moore in her G.I. Joe movie and how she kicked ass!! Now go kick CANCER IN THE BEHIND and tell it to F*%K OFF!! (Sorry for the revised swear words... I get very emotional. My nephew has cancer and has been battling it for 6 years and not a day goes by that I wish there was cure for it). You have my most absolute respect and admiration for sharing this with us. LUV U Bec and Eamon (you to Bear). Go for it Eamon and join Bec in embracing the baldness....after all, it's just hair and it'll grow back!!
You look beautiful while bald
Sending ❤️❤️ from LaSalle Ontario. ❤️❤️
you guys are such beautiful people. i love watching your videos. sending love.
💖
I think you look much better with a buzz cut. Not just saying that. I'm keeping the disease aside. You definitely pulled it off!
You guys are the strongest💛all my love for you two
Have only seen to the hair cut, but had to say....Bec that is a freaking adorable cut for you, girl ❤ love it.
You gotta remember all of us including eamon don't love you for your hair! We love you for who you are!
you look younger with short hair.
Bec you got this girl, I pray for your health. I love you And Eamon. You are beautiful on the inside and out and if you go bald than you shall.
Thank you both for sharing your story. I appreciate being with you both on this journal and I know Bec will get better.
Bec, you are so strong to be able to share all the emotions. My heart soars with hope, health, and love from my family to yours. Eamon, you are the best partner to have in all these emotions she is having. I hope that my child finds a partner that is as supportive as you are.
I just think you might love the chores of this song   https://youtu.be/E_5jIt0f5Z4
I just found you on here! What a truly amazing couple you are! I look forward to watching and I will add you both to my prayers! They say that a positive attitude is key to heal! I’d say you both have the best attitude ever. I have only watched a few of your video’s and I have fallen in love with the 2 of you.. Stay strong and I look forward to the next video ❤️❤️❤️
Looking absolutely amazing bec you can get through this and you can beat it
kind people DO look beautiful in every way! Stay positive and stay strong!
I will ready the sncheck
I love you guys so much! You are rock stars and handling this “life suck” with such a positive attitude!  You are making a difference! Hugs and prayers to you from Oklahoma! 💞✌🏽💫
You look so cool! Wow! You are one of those people who has such beautiful features that you look fantastic no matter what. Mascara and earrings made you look like you were a fashion model. So chic.
You are amazing, Bec, and Eamon is such a great support and is so good to you.  You'll get through this together and be better than ever!  Best wishes, stay strong.
Because you are amazing,  strong and extremely beautiful. Eamon you are amazing as a person as Bec's partner and I hope to find a partner as amazing as you
i know this sounds weird but i dont see hair on a person anyway. for sure it does not make the person. i had extraordinary hair when i was a young person. well we all get on with years and there is no way i can make what i have now look like what i was born with. (one in a million amazing strawberry blonde. i am 5 feet 2 inches and i was hired for my hair by one of the top modeling agencies in the world in NYC.)  You are Bec inside and out as usual. I am sorry you had to let go your attachment to your hair. That is a hard lesson . But the creation of a new path  in your brain/body/being is HUGE. this will become  easier now to let go attachments in life such as Thoughts, beliefs, ideas, etc and so on. skin, the youth, the body of our past..... so this attachment to your hair was more than you had anticipated for sure. i salute you dear Bec . You are such a sweetie! and your Eamon too is a total doll.  may you have resolve and grit throughout this time. my sister had breast cancer and she is my hero. she used to say " i'm ok! its the cancer that is not"  much lovelovelovelovelovelovelobelobeluvluvluvlub   xxxxxooooo
You’re beautiful and amazing! ♥️
You are so beautiful no matter what you look like . You are brave and no matter what you are going through you are always so happy. I’m pray for y’all and everything is going to be okay
Beck ur a strong person, I've seen alot of family members go through the process, Eamon is a great supporter, u look great, keep ur head up
I'm sending Archangel Michael and Archangel Rafael to protect and heal you very  miraculously  and  speady.  Stop crying and stay strong
You two are just so perfect for each other! Much love and prayers for you 🙏🏻❤️
Blessings to you both!   It is both inspiring and courageous for you to share this situation.   Bec's inner beauty is what really shows during this difficult time.   All the best.
Keeping you in prayer Bec. I too have a "third brain" on my head...
You’re so beautiful inside and out 😍 Lol as I wrote this you said it 🥰 love, and hugs to you both 🙏🕊
You’re beautiful Beck! Love you guys. Keep her smiling and laughing Buddy! ❤️
May God bless you please call on the name of Jesus
I cried right along with you Becca, I felt your insecurities. You are beautiful inside and out. You and Eamon are so blessed to have each other to lean on during your journey. Eamon you are a superstar !  Your strength, love and concern for Bec is palatable as I’m watching you give all you’ve got to ensure Bec is comforted, and comfortable with her new look. Don’t forget to do something for you, so you remain healthy and positive. I don’t know either of you personally but I’ve been watching your channel her for a very long time. God bless you both and Godspeed Becca a totally healthy recovery. 💕❤️
brb going to go cry my eyes out. Eamon and Bec, you guys are really something else. Stay strong you two <3
Bec, you  are so beautiful and you are my hero!!  And Eamon, you are the best partner !!! You two are the sweetest couple ever!!  Thank you so much for allowing us, your friends, to share your journey.  You are in my prayers !!
OK but like can we all just like recognize how beautiful she looks like her she’s incredibly strong and we all need to support her no matter what
Hi guys I just want to say to you both my heart and prayers are with you threw your incredible journey.
You are beautiful! Love is beautiful!  Keep Love in the fist place and all will be good soon! Love, Love, Love!!!
Eamon and Bec are such a beautiful couple.  Bec looks incredible on all the stages of her journey.  Thank you a million times for sharing your journey with us.  So many people will feel better and not alone because of you  ❤️
Love you Bec from one CA survivor to another.  I loved my bald head too!  You are so beautiful  inside and out
Your beyond brave and strong Bec ! And Eman! Great job my guy. Great freaking job.
You do look totally awesome.  I hope you're okay.
Thank you very much for sharing your journey...both the highs and the lows and everything in between. I'm sure it will be very helpful for so many people. Also congrats on the million!!
You got this Bec. You are so strong and you look amazing. Just remember you can do this
Becs, If you had 4 ears 2 noses and 1 eye above your nose, you would still be beautiful inside and out.❤❤❤❤❤
Hair is a big deal; I personally have hair sewn in, very expensive. Watching the progression of the buzz I felt your emotions and it was heart wrenching. Bec, you are so strong and you are killin the bald look!!!! You look so beautiful!!!
Bec, you look amazing, beautiful and exciting as you always do….God bless you both!!
Hang in there, last year I went threw what you are going threw now, stay strong 🙏🙏🙏🙏
I started watching your channel because I am fascinated with van life and tiny homes. I've continued watching with the cabin and now for your journey with cancer. My mother died from breast cancer in 2011. She chose not to complete her chemo and let nature run its course. It took the family some time to accept her choice, but in time we realized she needed to do what was best for her. That said, I'm so happy watching you power through this. You are much younger than my mother of course when she made her decision. But regardless, the fight with cancer can drag some people down. I wish my mom could have watched your videos, maybe it would have given her more will to fight. You are an encouragement to those with cancer, and those with loved ones with cancer. Keep being strong. And from one baldy to another... ya look great! Hey Eamon you rock too bro!
You look beautiful !
You are stunning with a bald head!!!! Absolutely stunning!!!!!! I don't see a cancer patient I see a strong bad ass babe!!!!!!!!!
I don't comment on videos ever but this video was very emotional and thank you for sharing with us. I know how hard this was for you and im so happy you have a great partner like Eamon who loves you so much 💗
Bec you’re so fucking 💪 Hugs from Texas ❤️
Hi. I've been following and watching for awhile and have always loved your content. I'm commenting now because two months ago I found out I have cancer. I've just today rejoined social media since finding out. I have told anyone and I'm really scared. Coming back online and this being one of the first videos I see, to me, is a sign for me. Thank you for being vulnerable and sharing your story. I'm facing this alone, a thousand miles from family and I've completely isolated myself, partly because of the pandemic and then the cancer. At this time I'm so sick I can't work, my savings is depleted and I'm hopeless. But you've brought me some light. Thank you for that.
I was in soft tears as you gave us the privilege of seeing the raw emotion of having your head shaved and revealing your mole to all of your you tube followers,  that takes guts and humbleness Bec, you are such a beautiful woman inside and out xx Kia kaha
Y’all are amazing 💚
love you xxx
YOURE A FUCKING ROCKSTAR BEC!!  And you have such an incredible man by your side. And he’s right…. You look AWESOME!
Your beautiful with or without hair Bec. Eamon you are a great husband!❤️❤️
Your bravery, strength, and positive energy are so empowering. Sending you healing energy and calming vibration. 💫YOU GOT THIS girl❣
You got this you’re so strong and will make it out of this even better! Lots of love and peace 🤍💗
Stood beside you in spirit and put my hands on my heart as you put your hands on yours while your head was shaved. You are surrounded by love and light.
If it's any consolation, you do look great bald. I mean, when it was patchy it definitely looked weird, but now you are hotter than ever. You are not your hair. Your hair does not male you beautiful. You've got this. You will beat this and come out the other side stronger than you ever thought possible.
Love u guys. You got this Bec 🥰❤️❤️❤️
💕💕 🙏🙏🙏🙏 💕💕
Love you both. Thank you for sharing.
I am so happy for u I wish u the best in all your new things no matter what love u both
I've told you to not recommend this channel, four times. I don't give a flying f*** about these pieces of s***.
The love both of you have and the support you give each other, is inspiring. You're so strong, both of you.
☀☀☀☀☀☀☀ sending you all the love and positive energy. I appreciate the realness and raw moments. You are beautiful Bec. Eamon you're doing great buddy. So supportive and loving.
Eamon needs to shave his head to for you becks xxxxx
Eamon you are amazing! Bec you're so beautiful! Rock that style! It looks great on you 😘😘
He is not just staying that, you do look beautiful!
Move over Demi, Bec is in town! Congrats on 1 million subscribers. Your light at the end of the video is inspiring. You are inspiring.  Virtual hugs to you and Eamon.
We love you both, and thank you for always inspired us to be always happy and be positive in life. Life aint easy this days but watching your vlogs just making us feel strong. We love you bec❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ and to eamon thank you for being such a supportive partner to bec.
New subscriber to your channel. I am from Toronto area and arrived at your channel when Nate and Kara mentioned that you were both going through a lot. Sending you both positive vibes and lots of love.
Bec! You are amazing and so strong to be sharing this journey. And yes you look amazing bald! Also I am so thankful for my marriage and my husband and know how much we love each other and it’s just so evident that you both love each other so much! Prayers for you!
Holy shit you look gooooooood Ammon you are so lucky u guys are so laid back really xxx
Ms Bec I love your love for Lee. Eamon you are the BEST example of support! Both of you stay strong, love and support from all your followers.
You got this guys, love you ❤
You are beautiful and soooo honest.  Thank you for sharing.
You look so beautiful like that a right though nut xxxxxxxxxx
You look incredible bec! I was blown away by how real that wig looked!! Indescribable! I am SO SO SO proud of how you both are handling this. I have been here since the start of your channel all those years ago and it has been amazing to watch you grow. I have been struggling to watch these last few episodes as it pains me to watch you go through this. However, This is just another chapter and there is many more beautiful ones to come. I can not wait to see where life takes you both. Love you guys! ❤️
My heart bleeds for y'all, may you stay together and grow even STRONGER
You look like Natalie Portman! So cute!
Bec, you look STUNNING! And Eamon, you’re a rockstar of a spouse. We are here for you too. Proud of you both. Sending love and prayers from Indiana, USA.
Oh darling,  I just want to pop in next to you and absorb that beautiful energy that is you!!!   You are simply beyond words (and I'm rarely at a loss for words!)  My little sister called us last year 02-20-21, a year to the day after letting us know that she had cancer, to say goodbye.   She called each of us her sisters,  her brother,  and each of our grown children.   She was amazing.   I'm so impressed with the women I've known who have faced cancer.   They've been the most real, kind,  human,  brave,  patient,  strong women I've ever met.  Bec and Eamon, I can't thank you enough for the courage,  humor,  compassion,  and genuine human emotion you've shared over the years,  through your loss when Lee passed,  and especially now as you walk through this cancer journey.   I pray continued blessings and clear vision through the entire journey.  God bless!
Bec, you are a rock star! It takes immense courage to share everything you are going through. You look beautiful. And Eamon, you are a tremendous partner. You guys got this. Hugs to you both! ❤
This was so beautiful to watch... Eamon is such an amazing soul! Bec! You're doing the best you can! Allow yourself to feel every emotion, you're such a strong human!!! Send you both the best of wishes!!!! Bec! YOU GOT THIS!! ❤️❤️❤️
Becs, you are soo strong and brave to share your journey with us all when I think most people would want to shut themselves away from the world. And Eamon, the love and support you have for Becs is amazing considering the stress and pain you must be feeling watching the one you love go through this. You two are amazing and I'm sending you my love and respect for what you're doing and I have no doubt Lee is so proud of you to 💟💟💟💟💟💟💗💗💗💗💗💗
Wow, you are gorgeous with our without hair….
I love you guys so fucking much. Bec, Eamon and all of us will adore you no matter what you look like.
You are so beautiful inside and out Bec! I’ve been a long time supporter of you guys and I’m sending so much love and strength your way. You are two beautiful souls and Eamon you are such an amazing and supportive partner. So much love and light to you both 💗.
U r beautiful with or without hair..
"We call it her 3rd brain." 😂  Power couple 💪🏽
You are so amazing and strong! Thank you for sharing your story. Better things are coming. Hang in there. Much love!!!
We love you guys and have been watching for years. Thank you for your transparency. Love from Oklahoma 😌
You actually look really sexy without hair!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL
my guniea pig got cancer
You are so beautiful and you really can pull off every color and style I wanna see a rocket girl bec!! Stay strong lots of love and positivity to you both!!
More beautiful now than ever!  Sending you all the love and healing energy we possess!  ~Jeff & Patti
Bec your smile literally lights up the room! You are so so beautiful!! 🤍
You are so gorgeous Bec 💕
Y’all are such an encouraging couple.  Becca I’ve been there and this too shall pass.  You’re gonna be great!!!
U look like Katy Perry’s twin!!
I’ve never been able to feel someone else’s emotion so powerfully before this video and I thank you for sharing such vulnerability…BEC!! U freaking rock a bald head😍😍😍
you look absolutely stunning! beautiful and brave inside and out xxx
Inspiring story. I’ll stop whining about my everyday little aches and pains. They are nothing and your story of strength and take on spirit give me strength.
You are both incredible! Bec - Love your honesty with all the emotions you are going through and that you find the positives. I loved your long hair but think you are even more beautiful without. Your eyes and smile are what truly shine through. Eamon - Your support is fantastic. You know when to hug and console but also when to use humor. Wishing  you only the best as you continue this journey. ❤️
You look awesome, you have the perfect shaped head to go with that pretty face of yours. And you guys are doing an amazing thing sharing this journey.❤
I'm going through the same thing and I feel devastated.
Beck. you. are. so. strong.  I am inspired by you,  You are so  beautiful  courageous  And  Strong.
Thank you Bec 💜
We support you all the way through this. YOU stay strong and yes, you will be weak sometimes but it is temporary. Veronica on our channel is a three time cancer survivor, once having a double mastectomy. She's been there three times. We love you, have been watching your channel for some time now and love ALL your content. Thank you for documenting the story.
I like the short bob!!!
She is so beautiful no matter what
I can relate to losing hair. I've been battling cancer for 15 years. I was devastated when I lost my hair. But got a costumed to losing it due to chemo.
Good job both of you!  Lots of love.
How incredibly beautiful you are in every way.  And so brave to share this journey with the world in all its raw emotions.  I do believe that owning them and dealing with them is absolutely the best way to go!  Bless and release baby! Hugs
Your like a badass Demi Moore
❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
you are so beautiful!
Congratulations on the huge milestone for your channel. So happy to see all the love and support through this difficult time.  You’re beautiful inside and out. Hugs girl
What you are doing in sharing your journey is so important for so many going through similar experiences! I lost both my mother and my sister to cancer but what both of you are doing honors their experience. Thank you! And may God be with you.
Rockstar queen mode!!! 🤘
Bec.  You are such a strong woman!! You are rocking it without hair.  You are so beautiful inside and out and everybody knows it!! Your husband is doing such an amazing job supporting you through your journey. Because BOTH of you are going through this together. I have so much love for the two of you. I'm so sorry you've had to go through this but you GOT THIS!! Thank you for being such an inspiration. We love you both
Love you Bec! You are beautiful inside and out ❤️
Amazing amazing amazing…both of you. Yup…the bald IS RAD. (When Eamon said that in the bathroom while he was shaving your head…Rad also popped into my mind!!) fabulous. Go girl!!! ♥️💪♥️
You look incredibly stylish. Wig, hat with hair, scarf, bald. It doesn’t scream cancer patient. Bald is the hot new look. You guys are the best thing couple on the internet. The relationship between the two of you is so amazing. You are blessed.
Losing your hair is so hard and you’re doing so well. For over a decade I battled with significant hair loss from undiagnosed medical issues and it sucked. Although I never endured chemo aspects of your story is still ring all too familiar. I need you to know your strength resonates with people experiencing all kinds of significant hair loss - cancer and non cancer related. You’re a beauty and a rockstar Bec ❤️
Bec, you are not only physically beautiful, you are spiritually beautiful. Hair doesn’t make you, your heart does. Thank you for sharing your journey x
You look amazing and are doing so good ❤️ sending all the good vibes
I've been a subscriber for years. Started watching your videos during class in high school. It's crazy how I have grown up these past few years, and so have you guys. It's crazy for years now, every Sunday, I come to the channel to see what's new. I love you guys. Eamon, Bec, take care <3
Even without hair your very beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
Awwhhh 💙   hun  your beautiful  inside and out  ❤💯‼️  YOU  ARE  SO LOVED EAMON  ❤  LOVES YOU SO MUCH , BRINGS  MAKES ME  CRY , BUT  A HAPPY CRY  HE SHOULD GET THE BEST  HUNNY BUNNY  AWARD ❤
Please tell me if this lady has a root canal ??????
Why am I crying at eamons plant pot gift. 😭  stays strong you guys, and you got this bec!
Sending love and virtual hugs to you, Eamon. I can't imagine how hard this must be so see Bec suffering so. I suspect you are suffering just as much but in a very different way. You are a hero and inspiration to us all, and we 1,000,000 people support you. Eamon and Bec, I turn my thoughts and prayers to you daily and thank you for your transparency and your loving spirit.
Hello everyone on here i dont know this ladys story or name even but i have information that can help this woman im not jokeing!!!
You are so strong, I'm so proud of you.... The 2nd time I had cancer (ovarian) and chemo was literary 7 months after I finished the 1st cancer (Breast).  I went bald everywhere, that was 34 years ago, I haven't had to shave my legs or under arms since then... Yes my head, eye brows and eyelashes regrew. Crying cleanses the soul so does screaming. Eamon is a gem and a blessing. Stay strong, stay safe, and know so many of us are praying for you and sending loving energy.
Could the lady in the video please contact me this is very important!!!!!
My heart goes out to both of you. I too have had an identity connected to my hair and it has been slowly disappearing for years. Yet mine is a natural process and for you I believe much more traumatic. Also your a babe no matter what, nothing can change that. Heal quick and get on to the next adventure of your life. Many Blessings
I lost my hair during extreme stress and depression and I'm bald now, not one hair trial left. It's been super hard since I don't if they ever grow back and I'm one of those people who feel everything so deeply that it affects my health. Wearing wigs is weird to me, but also fun as I can try so many styles. You're beautiful inside and out and I'm so grateful you shared this part of the disease — you rock! ❤
i love how she stays so positive through all of this she is the last person that deserves this on earth!
Can you please tell me if you have a root canal ???
You're such a beautiful spirit, and you look great bald. Thank you for sharing your journey.
Dont take chemotherapy!!!! Theres a cure for cancer !!!!
Who would've thought a video about chemo and hair loss could be so entertaining and UPlifting!!!  Way to go.  Bec, it's all about your smile and that won't go away so embrace all the fun hats/wigs!!   Loved when you tried on the ball cap with red hair.   It really looked great - better than on Eamon as much as he wants to wear it!!!   The best and much love to you both as this continues!!!    (First time comment for me)
Hang in there gorgeous. Your soul will shine you through, and the other side of your journey will be carpeted by blossoms you plant today. Stay strong both of you 🌻
hair does not make someone pretty...pretty makes pretty and you are pretty...dont let your inner voice make you think anything else...love you both
Your the strongest women Bec!!! Keep the faith your in my prayers 🙏hugs and more hugs
You're going to beat it
Bec you are adorable bald. You could rock that no problem
You both are the only people I follow on YouTube and look forward to watching each week.. ty for sharing this journey amongst your many others, your both beautiful people. I’m so happy you have the love and support you do in eachother. Eamon you show those young men what a real man is.. bravo! ❤️🌷
You look stunning because your Light shines sooo bright from within :) <3
Gods got you babe. I am praying for you! Love you guys so much! Keep being strong you two!
Bec you are indeed  beautiful.
💜
Love you both so much! Bec…Prayers for strength and courage as you continue this journey and kick cancer’s a$$! Eamon…Prayers for strength and courage as you continue to be an amazing partner, incredible supporter, and rock for Bec during this time.
Isa 1:18  Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool.
when i shaved my head I was meeeeega self-conscious about these two bumps I have, not moles but just like weird bumps. Anyway you couldnt even see them when my head was bald. BEST NEWS is your hair grows back :) <3 It's really tough to see you go through such pain and suffering but I truly hope it brings you unparalleled love and appreciation for the Divine being you are :) <3 with or without hair xx
You're beautiful stay strong we love you and we  support you
Hey my dear I watched my daughter go through the same journey so just keep the faith,hey i watched it grow back so I feel you miss,it’s a scary experience
Gurrrrl, you got a good shaped head.  So Cute you are!!
Sending you both strength, love, and so much laughter. May the world be brighter for you!❤️
As someone who has recently gone through this, I would not have purposefully watched this, but here I unintentially am. I have to say - It is gut wrenching to watch. But I have to say, you are so brave, and you will help so many people by sharing your story. Go you!
I’ve cried through this remembering when my partner had her long hair cut off for the very same reason you did at the time you did. You are so strong and beautiful. Eamon you are the best. Be good to yourself too as you continue to love and support Bec. I’ll be sending strength to you both. 💚
Thank you so much for sharing all of this with us. You guys are amazing 💞 and YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL 😘
Jennifer Connelly, lil bit.
Nyathera nye-ah-theer-a is a Kenyan name meaning she survived.  Nya for short
eamon: you are truly such a blessing to bec. after watching my mom go through breast cancer, i saw how truly important it is to know that your partner is also in it with you. you are such a light in her life right now, best partner ever!   bec: YOU LOOK GREAT! the wig, no hair, the cute little caps… it all looks great!! wishing you well and some sunshine 🤍
You'll get through this Bec!! And Eamon...dude if you wore that cap/hair and just put it into a ponytail, it's you man lol
Beautiful, in every sense of the word. Both of you.
I had no idea a head could be so beautiful, but just like every other part of Bec, her shiny soft head is so beautiful! Thank you for truly inspiring and empowering so many fucking people, thank you
My wife lost her hair from Chemotherapy.  When she lost her hair she never looked more beautiful to me, absolutely gorgeous.  I know your husband looks at you same way.  My prayers are with you for a full recovery 🙏
You are beautiful
I am so invested in your story. Thank you so much for sharing this journey with us and I can’t WAIT to see you kick cancers ass!!!!
Eamon you are such a strong partner. Bec you are B E U T I F U L, just the way God made you. You are so much more than your hair. Your inner Beauty shines out even through all the rawness you share. No wonder why Eamon Loves you so much, because he sees your inside Beauty. Sending continued prayers of Blessings and Love to you both in this journey.
You are truly beautiful Bec ❤️.
Oh, Bec! I’ve watched all of a minute, and you have me in tears. The fear that others will be able to easily identify you as sick is one my son felt deeply! He didn’t get emotional losing his hair (at 7.5 years old) - although his dad and I totally did. But when it finally grew back, he didn’t want to cut it FOR YEARS! When we asked him why, he said he was afraid that going back to shorter hair, people would be able to know that he was sick before. It took some reassuring and picking the right style, but he finally had the courage to do it. And, his hair had gotten so long that there was enough to donate to Children With Hair Loss so that a wig could be made for another child in need. As always, I am sending my love and prayers your way! 😘❤️
I had breast cancer.  Having no hair was the hardest part of the experience for me.
I think you should name your wig Abby, but you are both so amazing and inspiring, you make me smile every time I watch your videos. I know this is hard but you’ll come out the other side stronger than ever! I love y’all :) ♡
Bec, I didnt comment on the first watch bc I couldnt stop watching the courage, the vulnerability, and the love! I have a partner just as supportive and I sometimes cannot belive that it is real! I love watching yall and knowing I am allowed to have a love like this, that it is real, that it exists!  You are so very beautiful in so many ways but physically fa sho! Thank you for sharing your journey, Eamon thank you for loving hard and true! Thank you for sharing your side too!  You are such a rock and the world is lucky to have you both!
JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU. SEVERAL MINUTE PRAYER FOR INSTANT HEALING. ENTER BRETT BOYD INTO YOUTUBE SEARCH ENGINE. BE HEALED IN JESUS NAME.
JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU. SEVERAL MINUTE PRAYER FOR INSTANT HEALING. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR4AtDF8bg0&t=44s&ab_channel=AllThingsArePossible
Prayers to you!
Might want to check the quality of your water, maybe some kind of extraneous chemical exposure at work or home. Wishing you well soon. There is a reason a lot of people only drink bottled water of their choice.
new gta 5 funny and epic momments video in DiPePeJu channel
I watch your videos with my 4 year old daughter (Becca) and when you were putting mascara on in the camera she said "wow, she's beautiful.  She looks really cool"
I just want to say that you are amazing and strong! You got this!
Thank you Bec for sharing this touching video, to Eamon for your example of supportive, loving partner, I know you are both going through such a challenge, and meeting the moment with grace, thank you for sharing your journey, kindness and love through your channel. I am sending healing energy and love to you both
I work in specialty pharmacy and have a lot of patients going through treatment for many things. I always tell patients that sometimes just your mindset can impact your treatment and while you are treating your body, you have to be kind to yourself. you are beautiful. not for being bald or a person in chemo or for a cancer fighter. you are beautiful. while it saddens me to see Bec fighting cancer, your videos are beautiful and your outlook is amazing 👏. I never comment because I don't like to but I felt compelled to.   wig name suggestion:  Kennedy - Gaelic, means "protected with helmet"  Valentina - Italian, Russian, Latvian, German, Croatian, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Slovene, Romanian, Spanish, Greek, Ancient Roman, means “strong, vigorous, powerful” Valerie - English, German, Czech, means, “strength, health” Zoe (Greek), meaning "fighter"
You are a beautiful woman whether you have hair or not! Your face has great bonestructure, you have good features, and you have the most beautiful spirit. You have the love of family, friends,  and your internet community! Girl, you rock the bald look! Chin up! You ARE going to beat this!
You two are such remarkable, raw individuals and I am just so grateful that you I came across your station. Bec whether you are smiling or crying your courage and beauty always reminds me to be grateful. Keep up the fight and just know you are in the prayers of so many of us!!
Bec, I think you look great with no hair.  You are lucky to have a well shaped head; that helps.  You'd even look completely shaven, so are you beautiful girl, and you are loved by a fun, supportive & loving man. You are blessed. Breast cancer caught early is relatively easy to treat.  Have faith.  I'm praying for you both. I will hold you both in prayer. 💖🙏🙏🙏
Just rocking the no hair look! You guys are amazing!
This video was so amazing. Your beautiful bec! Eamon your heart is so pure and ofc yours too Bec! You guys are perfect for eachother! I’ve been watching you all for YEARS!!! So I’m crying right there with y’all. Your so strong and beautiful! Beat Cancers ASS!💟💟💝
1. Bec- you look like a stunning badass chick who can handle anything life throws at her. You have your cries and get your closure but know we are all here cheering for you!   Eamon- dude. There are no words for what an amazing partner you are. Keep hyping that girl up and loving her. You guys will kick cancers ass as a team!
You are beautiful no matter if you have hair or not.
Bec: Continually impressed with your strength and positive approach to this struggle! What a trooper! Hoping you will continue to keep us in the loop as we are so inspired by you! Of course, many prayers and positive vibes sent your way with lots of love and respect. Speaking of respect, I must confess that my admiration for Eamon has increased tremendously during this ordeal. Until recently, I just thought he was your standard-bred goof-ball and not much more. But he has impressed me with the tender way he is dealing with you in those difficult moments. You are lucky to have him by your side!
Bec, you look gorgeous.. as always. When I watched your last video I almost commented saying I felt Lee so strongly. Through the scenic shots and just her presence in your home. However, right before you said you were wearing her sweater before shaving your head, I could feel her next to you. I felt her pull… I also in-vision her taking the clippers from Eamon and shaving her head. Her love & energy surrounds the both of you.  Also, Eamon you’re such a strong and loving partner. Sending you lots of love & good (plant mom) energy.
This video made me cry but you look amazing girl and sending love
Sending ☮️ and ❤️ Bec. You both are handling this with such love and kindness to each other. And 1 Milli 🎉🎉🎉🎉
LEGEND BEC.........ABSOLUTE LEGEND ! x
I'm crying with you.  You are being strong. You will be a Better person when this is all over. Take Care   God Bless you and Eamon
You guys are rock stars and such an inspiration! @Bec, you are indeed beautiful without your hair!
Claudet for a wig name?! My mom went through breast cancer as well and her and I went to her wig fittings together. She got a great bob-cut wig that looked fabulous just like yours! I remember trying it on and I looked just like the spitting image of my mom - goes to show you how realistic the wigs really are!  I have to say I must commend you for your positivity throughout all of this. It reminds me so much of my mother's attitude while she had her chemotherapy. She was so positive and accepting of what was happening that it made me feel better too. She is 8 years in remission and still has Claudet!  Sending love and sunshine :)
You are TOTALLY rocking it! Was expecting Eamon to shave his head too! Thanks so much for sharing your journey and courage with us.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
bec you are the most beautiful bald human on earth. i have never seen anyone with a more perfect forehand/hairline, honestly. sending all my love and strength to you. you will get through this 💛 i love you.
💜💜💜
No plant watering schedules! Stick your finger in the soil to see who needs water. ;) big hugs <3
*bec your a stunner inside and out,  and for you Eamon, man i  feel you man,  love and respect from glasgow, UK*
BEC I SAID THIS LAST TIME .... YOU CAN PULL OFF LONG HAIR MEDIUM HAIR A MOHAWK MAYBE NOT A MULLET AHH WHAT AM I SAYING BEC CAN PULL OFF A MULLET TO THE POINT THAT IT BECOMES ART LOL BEC GIRL SERIOUSLY ITS CRAZY HOW CUTE YOU LOOK ON THE THUMBNAIL.... YOU SERIOUSLY HAVE THIS AURA ABOUT YOU THAT RADIATES FROM YOU NOMATTER WHAT YOU WEAR OR WHAT HAIR STYLE YOU HAVE ....... I LOVE YOUR VIBES BEC AND SEEING THE WAY YOUR HANDELING YOUR SITUATION HAS REALLY NO JOKE HELPED ME WITH MY OWN MENTAL ILLNESS SITUATION ...BEAUTIFUL  BRAVE BEC
I would just like to reach out to you, Eamon and Bec, and say what an amazing story you are sharing, you are very brave.  My wife and I have enjoyed your adventures for a number of years now, and we both love your approach to life and travel in general.  In your latest episode, we find ourselves invested in your journey to wellness, and the honesty of your dialog.  Not wanting to take anything away from the hell that you are going through Bec, I noticed that Eamon has a story to share.  You have mentioned that people in your position need to check in on your support crew, as you are experiencing these things together, and I just can't image what it would be like to see the person that you, love fighting for their life.  I am a strong advocate for mental health, with a special focus on men's mental health, as I have had friends and their families impacted by this illness/disease.  I would love would to see an episode, even a short one, with Eamon sharing his experience of what it takes provide the loving support for you, and what he does to manage his own mental health, Eamon, you are a strong, loving, and supportive partner, but you are also a person that needs to manage your mental health, so that you can continue to be a support for Bec.  We watch you every Monday night (or when you release a video) here in New Zealand, and send you an awful lot of love and support, and for the record, Bec's you absolutely rock a shaved head, gorgeous inside and out, love you guys.
I’m very surprised that Eamon didn’t shave his head alongside you I think that would be something amazing for him to do to show his support and love for you 🥰💕😘
YOU GUYS ARE AN INSPIRATION!! LOVE YOU! SENDING LOTS OF LOVE!!!!
I don't normally comment, but I have seen family members go through this process, so I have experience with one side of this process, and I can say that I think you are so strong and so brave to show us this journey and to allow us to go through this process with you. It is a highly emotional, and extremely personal journey, and you honour all of us by sharing it with us. Also, you look very G.I. Jane hardcore badass with a shaved head!
Sending love ❤❤
you are beautiful bec
The day i heard in instagram bec get cancer...i couldint believe it and never watch any new videos..i get sad and sad until dicede to watch the new videos and get some positive vibe  from you guys again...and i know in hundred time bec will kicked the fkng cancer in booty..soo we are behinde you bec..rise your hade up and walk like fighter and gang who dont sacre from nothin..we loove and we will support you always.you are MY INSPIRATION 😍🥰😉❤️‍🔥🌷🪴🌹💐🌹🌺🌼
your beauty goes so much deeper than your hair !!! Blessings to you !!
Eamon and Bec I am praying for you both , for strength, courage and at the end of this ordeal that you will totally be healed ..hugs
Sending the biggest hug to you both all the way from Scotland UK . You truly are the most beautiful woman bec inside and out .I think you are such a brave and strong woman .like everyone else I will be following your journey through this and praying for you each step of the way . ❤️
You are so strong and beautiful and have such an amazing supportive partner! ❤️
girl you are so strong, you are brave enough to get bob and then document it to complete strangers you are amazing ❤️
Praying for you, You are beautiful and strong both of you are
You are beautiful with no hair.  You are both so connected and this is amazing to watch.  I feel the rawness, uncertainty and love of what you are going through.  Thank you for sharing this journey and you are all in my prayers 🥰🙏😘
You are beautiful inside and out   This too will pass    Prayers for your recovery
❤️❤️ found y’all through Kara and Nate and have decided to go back and watch all your old videos. Thank you for sharing your journey!
You two are genuine and beautiful together. We are behind you both so much! Bec you are beautiful and strong!💞
You two are so beautiful. You two just touch my heart. Thank you for sharing. Congratulations on the billion subscribers.
You got this.❤️🙏. I have been battling cancer since 2015 stage 4 lung cancer. And with doctors and technology and cancer meds I take everyday at 18,000.00 a month I'm still here. 🙃 ❤️. And you can do this too. Many prayers your young and a go getter.
Bec, that bob was WAY better than your long straight hair (I'm a retired hairdresser and I LOVE hair with movement and interest.)  But being bald ... WOW, you look AMAZING!!!!  You have the PERFECTLY shaped head and that FACE OF YOURS to be bald .... OMG, you look INCREDIBLE!  You look even BETTER RIGHT DOWN to your scalp!   Imagine how COOL it'll be for the Summer?!!  AND, you eat all the right things so that when you're done with your chemo, it'll grow back SO fast, but PLEASE keep the bob OR stay bald, you are WAY too pretty to have long boring hair - just being super honest.   Also, if you put some Braggs ACV on a cotton ball and put a bandaid to hold it on your mole, it could have dissolved your mole within 10 days, but now that you had it removed, it'll heal it so much better if you use the ACV.  Bec, you truly ARE one of those lucky GORGEOUS bald women, SERIOUSLY.   I wouldn't have commented at all if I thought otherwise.
Love you two ❤️❤️
Fuck Cancer. You're gonna get through this Bec, your positivity and strength are radiant. The partnership between both you is so special. Thinking of you everyday<3
I’m new to your channel and well done with over a million subscribers. Stay strong and good luck with your treatment. Don’t forget to eat as you could go off eating. My husband had Bladder Cancer over twenty years ago and he’s still here.
I just wanted to say Bec your hair never defined you.. Your's and Eamon's Big heart and love of life is what drew me to this channel. I keep you in my thoughts as you both go on this journey together.
You look Great 💓My sisters and I  would get donuts after my chemo sections; that was our thing 😋 I never used the wig in my case I felt like people would be able to tell, so I embraced the journey but you look Great,  honestly you look good with the wig. Stay strong; this will pass 💪🏼 🙏🏼 🎀 Eamon, Thank you! You are great 💓🎀
You guys are delivering so much real life, hope, and encouragement t so many folks going through the same journey. You are never alone and over a million people are holding you both up.Thanks for sharing this time with all of us!
Thank you....for sharing...for putting yourself out there...both of you.
we love you bec
I don't know who or what you believe in but you definitely have some prayers and well wishes coming your way from Kansas.
You are gorgeous Bec and Eamon is a champ. He is so supportive. 💜
Bec Long, short or bald you are beautiful so do not forget it you are truly a beautiful person inside and out we all love you and Eamon a lot
I think the wigs name should be persilla. She looks like a persilla to me lol. Anyways sending prayers and love on this journey. You got this!!!!!
Sending love and prayers 🙏
Hear will be back!!
Congratulations on a million subs and 12K comments! I know there is no way you'll see this and that's OK. I'm sending out positive vibes to be added to all of the others. I want you body to recognize the medication that's being given to you so that you continue on your journey here on Earth with Eamon and all of us.  You are so beautiful Bec. Never forget it. Eamon, thanks for the loving care you're showing to your partner.  You're truly showing everyone how it's done.  🧡🧡🧡
You guys are awesome and strong and beautiful inside and out. All the best!!
Bec, you're so FREAKING strong!! YOU GO GIRLL<3
So so so cute bald!!! Amazing! Keep it up!!! You guys rock!!
It’s a new experience to watch your videos with a box of tissues, guys, but I’m here for it. Feeling honored that you’d share your journey with us and allow us to cry with you. One of my favorite psalms is Psalm 56, where David says God holds his tears in a bottle and records them in His book. Our tears are precious to Him, not one goes unseen (kinda like the hairs on our heads, whether long or gone). He cares and He is with you. I pray you continue to feel how precious and loved you both are.
Baby, you melt my heart. Listen, after covid I lost all my hair and after two years it finally grew back. I almost died and was in a coma for many weeks. Baby, I understand what you are going through. Cancer is scary and a beautiful soul like you do not deserve cancer, but baby but no one knows the challenges that life is going to throw at them. Please find a church or be around people that have healing ministries. God is able. I also heard that you should never wear a dead person's clothing, may be it is a myth, but I would can google it if I was you. By the way, you look beautiful bald.
Praying for you while on this journey.
Full tears. Eamon has said this so many times but it’s so true: Bec, you are beautiful inside and out, hair or no hair!
Bec, you are beautiful with hair or without hair and remember your beauty comes from within you. I wish you all the best.
Eamon if I was you after shaving bec's head I would have shaved my own and any other hair on my head for her. Bec stay strong 💪 wish you both well and thank you for sharing everything with us you guys are great.
U r beautiful..be strong   God bless u
Bec you are more beautiful now than you have ever been !! And you are BEAUTIFUL!!!! 💕💕💕💕💕
Bec, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!  Inside and out I love all the hair changes. Maybe everyone will go bald for you.  Hugs
Guys I have very few words love to you both get well really soon please  kick cancers ass xxx
Your new look is gorgeous and inspirational!! I've been wanting to try out  a shaved look and seeing you makes me realize how beautiful it is, I think ill try it!
I just want to say that your videos are so inspirational and full of love and support. You always bring a smile to my face. You are sunshine and no matter the rain clouds the brightness of your sun will and does always shine through
Sending you all the love and prayers. You’re beautiful Bec, it’s your soul that makes you beautiful and cancer can never take that from you ❤️
Loved the flowerpot Eamon gave you !  Sending you strength and love!
You are awesome bec you can do it
U really do look good bald!!  Wig tip: You can use the tweezers to pluck some hairs from the parts and the edges to get an even more natural appearance
So many emotions in this video. Bec you are so incredible and strong and your hair doesn't define you...with that being said you rocked that bob and you are so beautiful bald. I love how you feel your feelings and cleanse yourself from the negative, it's so healthy and important. Thank you for sharing.  You. Are. Beautiful.
bec you are so brave ❤️
Bec, you look beautiful❤ You have the bone structure and head shape to rock a bald head or very short hair cut unsurprisingly. You really look gorgeous. That being said I recognise that it is diffficult to switch and adjust to a different look especially when it is not by choice. It can take a while to get used to the new face staring back at you. This was raw and you are incredibly brave to not only go through  it but also document and share so that those who are going through a similar moment can feel less alone and for others to get an idea of what such a journey is like for many people. Eamon your devotion to Bec through this time is sooo sweet to watch. Love you guys. You will beat this. I'm praying for your strength and recovery❤
Been through it! 🙏🏻💕🙏🏻💕 you got this❤️ Empowered is exactly what you should be feeling💜💜
Stay strong girl! Hair isn't who you are focus on healing and let your soul shine. Peace be with you always.
I have been following you for years.  I am not one to comment but just a thumbs up.  This post moved me to tears.  Thank you for sharing your journey.  We care. We are with you and sending you some healing vibes from Northern Ontario 🥰
Beck!! You are so beautiful and amazing!
You so beautiful! Millions people love you and pray for you! Love will be one of the famous doctors
You are so beautiful inside and out you could rock any hair style and still be drop dead gorgeous your hair loss is a part of your beating cancer that you will beat
Omg. That gift was so special. It’ll always grow back 💜💜💜 love y’all!
Bec I have always thought you were insanely gorgeous but wow, the shaved head gives super model vibes!
Oh your hair looks So Good!! Love it!! ❤️
You have an incredible life partner and he’s right you rock as a follicly challenged woman!! You’re also lucky that you still have eyebrows and lashes.
My heart is with you!  You look amazing!  You two are an amazing couple!  Thank you for sharing your story! Love you both! ❤️🤗❤️🌺🙏
My wife went through this over 20 years ago but came through stronger.   Keep the faith and stay strong both of you.
Bec you are the definition of gorgeous inside and out. Eamon, I thought any second you would take the shears to your hair as well... Love you both. 🤓🥰
You  are  a very special lady and so  beautiful both inside and out. You have such courage to share your vulnerability as  you did the transformation to completely shaved head. So many different looks you have the freedom to do  from scarves,  to hats,  wigs  and if you like get a henna crown. You look amazing without hair and this  would show your beauty even more,
You ARE beautiful 💜
You look so beautiful….when your hair grows back it will be a different texture and so gorgeous…Sending you lots of love and hugs…hang in there my fellow PINK WARRIOR…YOU ARE A SURVIVOR AND THRIVER!  GOD is testing your strength, let this test be your testimony!
All the best and you are so pretty and you will get through this.
You’ve got to name the wig Cousin It!
Ciao sei sempre bella anche così, i capelli ricresceranno, e dimenticherai questo brutto periodo. Vi voglio bene, un abbraccio ❤️❤️
I cried my way through the episode.  You are brave and beautiful and so dearly loved.  My heart and prayers are with you ❤
Bec, you are stunning with your hair, with your wigs, and with no hair at all! Somehow your smile shines through even more brightly now than ever before and that speaks to both your and Eamon’s strength. Thank you for sharing your journey with us and showing what true love and self-love truly is!
Also HUGE HUGE HUGE CONGRATS on the 1 mill! You guys if any deserve it soooo much!!!
And when I lost my nose hair...well, thats just way rude. You never know how much your nose drips.  I did the same thing with the bob too. You've got this. The bigger picture is the best. You will LIVE.
You are the two most beautiful souls. My heart is pouring out for you both ❤️❤️❤️ and I love your shaved head Bec, you are stunning!
You rock being bold!! Definitely having a girls crush right now!! 😁❤️😍
She does look great bald
Been following along your guys’ journey for years. Watching everything you’ve had to endure recently makes me so emotional. Amazed by you both, sending all the love ❤️
This was a really hard video to watch. I cried a bunch. You are one brave soul. You look so beautiful!!!
You are so beautiful Bec 💓💓💓 Sending you so much love from Aus !
❤️
Just remember these powerful words from another bold beauty ! NOTHING COMPARES TO YOU ! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE U2 AND BY YOU SHOWING YOUR JOURNEY IT HELPS OTHERS ON THEIRS  . Sorry for the big writing lol a was half way through b4 I noticed I'm not shouting honest lol stay blessed and your community loves you ❤
GOD BLESS
Y’all are powerful, gorgeous, a true inspiration.  God is good and is with you.
Hey Bec, you look GOOD!
Bec, You're beautiful on the outside without a doubt! And your bright soul multiplies the beauty that is you!! Rock it girl!!!
Honestly Bec, you look great with long hair, the bob, and bald. You have a perfectly shaped head. You are such a kind, loving and compassionate person that it just radiates out of you.
You are so beautiful, Bec & so is your love with Eamon. We’re with you 💗💗💗
Quick question? So it means you don’t have to shave?!? Lucky duck 🍀
I love you guys, you’re strong and beautiful and very loved. 🤍❤️🤗
Bec you are so strong!!! Don’t let your insecurities and other stuff take over. This was meant to happen and you are so beautiful!!!! Your hair will soon grow back and it will be ok. Prayers out to you!!!!! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
so much love for this women its unreal. Bec, you're seriously so strong to be going through this and to be sharing your experience with us through it! You are absolute gorgeous no matter the day. Sending so so so much love to you always!
You are both so amazing, beautiful people.  Love you lots.  Xxx
God Bless you both!  I know your going thru a bad time, but thank-you for showing a real person going thru this trying time.  Yes, you have a cancer, but your fighting and showing people yes you will have bad days, but along with good days.   That God has  a reason why your going thru this, and maybe it's so you can share this journey, so you can touch a person's life that may really need it at this moment.  So, again thank-you for putting yourself out there..
Bec, you look beautiful!! I'm praying everything goes well for you and you will  beat that Cancer!! You are awesome...Eamon, too! He's a big supporter for you. God Bless!!
You’re so strong, bec. You’re inspiring. I’m praying for healing and power in your journey 🙏🏼
I'm curious.  Did you use Function of Beauty products on your bald scalp? (and if so what goals did you select).  Or, can you recommned products for the bald head. I'm about a month behind you in my journey.  Love the realness of your video and, for the record, you look fabulous bald!
Whenever Bec cries, I cry with her (a lot) 😭 The hair-as-part-of-identity struggle is really hard, I totally sympathize with you. Bec, whenever your beauty really shines, it's the way your smile and your eyes light up. I can feel it through the screen! You are BEAUTIFUL ❤ And Eamon is really a trooper. Your support is really inspiring and beautiful! Sometimes I cry in these videos (beside crying with Bec haha) is when I see the love you have for each other. To have your person and a love that deep is really special.
I don’t really get emotional with people I watch on YouTube, but bec, I was crying right alongside you this whole time. You are so loved and have so many positive vibes coming your way-and you truly look BADASSS and BEAUTIFUL bald! Also, don’t feel like you have to share everything, this seemed really really hard for you and if you need to do things in private and process please do so <3 we will always be here cheering y’all on :)
You're beautiful and you're saving lives. Thank you.
I think her name should be harrietta! For sure. 🥰 You're beautiful and strong Bec! ✨💪❤️
Aw
I have watched my mother and then years later my step-mom go through this issue from chemo.  Bec; you are beautiful, that is a compliment that reflects your heart and soul We love you both!
Your positivity is amazing.  In all my years (many) I have watched MANY take your journey.  I truly believe everyone travels that their own path the best they know how to.  Some are successful, some struggle... but you two, my dears, are spectacular.  Sending many hugs and love and prayers from California.
Your so beautiful 💘😍
You are so beautiful Bec, there's more to beauty than hair but also the shape of your head is beautiful! Thank you for sharing your raw experience <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Même sans tes cheveux Bec tu es magnifique. Il faut que tu rebondisses face à la maladie. Tu vas te battre . Moi je me bats depuis 2, 5 ans contre le cancer. Suis en rémission ne baisses pas les bras. Gros bisous de France 🇫🇷😘😘💖💖
Aww. I love you guys so much! And you're so beautiful with or without hair, Bec. Hugs to you both!
I just want to give you a big hug!
Acabo de descubrir este canal con este vídeo y de verdad que me emocionó. Mucho ánimo con el cáncer desde España amiga y quiero que sepas que tienes un compañero de vida que vale más que todas las estrellas del firmamento. Ojalá todos algún día podamos encontrar a alguien así para el resto de nuestras vidas. Un besazo y muchísimo ánimo chicos, lo estáis haciendo fenomenal ❤️❤️❤️ Pd: Te ves guapísima con el pelo rapado 🤗🤗
you actually look really gorgeous bald. also that short bob. way better than your long hair. i know you think everyone is just being nice but I am talking objectively, as an unbiased internet stranger.
how the heck can someone look so beautiful with and without hair!!!
Bec… you got this !! Your sooo much more stronger than this, spirit will put you in really hard situations for you to evolve. Remember diamonds are made under pressure. I love you and I’m proud of you ❤️
This video is  so emotional and beautiful! Bec you are so amazing and strong! And eamon you are such an amazing partner! You are both so lucky to have each other to lean on during all this! I don’t know if you’ll even see this comment but I’m here through it too with you guys! ❤️❤️❤️ you got this bec!!!!!!
I used to watch u guys regularly during isolation times when u were working on the new van and then had a break from yt until right about now. Just a couple weeks ago I randomly remembered how fun it was to follow your journey and how much of an inspiration u were. I believe it was a sign. A sign that there actually is someone watching us from above and making sure we keep the greatest people in our minds. Bec, you are amazing. I truly look up to you and i'm sure you've got this. sending as much love as i can, all the way from poland. love u. and eamon. fingers crossed <3
Your beautiful 😍 😍😍😍😍
Hairrette or Hairminoie
You both are beautiful!! Girl, the wild earrings you can rock and show off now!!!! Wahoo!!!!
Open your eyes my friend, because she looks beautiful! Hahaha strength to the two here in BRAZIL! kisses in your hearts!!
I cried with you when Eamon was shaving your hair. Sending you so much love. You truly are blessed to have such an amazing partner and family to help you through this. My aunt has breast cancer, I have seen how tough it is. <3
I have a foot of natural strawberry blond hair to donate to that beautiful person who needs it…where can I send it in Bec and Eamon and Kara and Nate’s honor?
You guys are so strong. Bec, you are amazing and you look BOMB (with and without hair, you look amazing) !!!! I watch every videos you post. I cry, smile and laugh with you. You are the best. Thank you for sharing this part of your life with us, but know that we will respect and accept if one day you wish to keep things private. Sending love and positive energy to both of you!
Love love love you both ❤️ Bec you are rocking bald. I was tearing watching 🦋  Thanks for letting us in😊
you are so strong. i think you should try hemp oil. you can look into it and do research on it. i heard it really helps. you are so beautiful and awesome im glad you have people by your side to get you through these tough times
You look so beautiful B ❤️❤️😍 rocking the look
Bec, You really are beautiful!  We are going to continue to tell you!!  And Eamon--such terrific support.  Eamon, you are an inspiration, for sure!
Love you both! You are amazing!
<3 Sweet girl. You are beautiful beyond measure on the inside, it wouldn't matter what your outsides looked like, but I understand the attachment to your hair. (You do look really rad bald btw) Just try to remember that this is only one chapter of this life. You have many, many more chapters to go and although this is the chapter of your book that makes you want to throw your book against the wall and stop reading. Don't give up. The chapters yet to come will be some of your best, I just feel it.  You got this darlin'. <3
Sending you lots of love and strength! You 100% look like a high fashion model! I know it’s exciting to shower without washing your hair, but remember to love your scalp so when your hair starts to grow back it will be super healthy ❤️
Love you guys!! You are both so strong!!
I cant imagine how hard this must have been, but I promise you really do still look beautiful!!
i’ve been growing out my hair for about 4 years now and it’s down to below my waist and i love it and never planned on cutting it, however after watching this video i’ve decided that i’m going to be donating my hair, and i’ve never been happier with a decision:) becs strength thru this is admirable and eamon by her side supporting her in such a hard time is heartwarming and has shown me to never settle for less. thank you for being so open with these videos
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
You really do look awesome!!
I went also through hairless through to illness and Rene of Paris makes great wigs.
Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair so don't worry about that. It will grow back and you may get curly next time! I have to comment on how very wonderful Eamon is! Eamon, the love that you show Bec every single day is such a beautiful and selfless thing. She is so fortunate to have you! Sending so much love to both of you!!
Bec you’re a superstar! And so beautiful! Eamon you too. Glad you two have each other and Bec glad you’re hanging in there. 💪💪💪
A week after you announced your cancer, I was diagnosed with blood cancer.  This is soooo hard.  Thank you for your videos.
You guys are an absolute inspiration in so many ways ❤  Thanks for sharing all your adventures.  Good and bad . Sending you guys so much love ❤❤🫂
You are such a beautiful person, inside and out. And a huge inspiration to me as I go through my own challenges in life right now.
This might be something you already have planned, but I was wondering if you would be able to share some of what Eamon is going through.  I went through my own struggles with chemo last year and I often wondered how my partner dealt with my illness.  He was so incredibly supportive, but I often feel like nobody acknowledged what he endured watching me struggle.  In some ways, I think it might be harder for partners.   You are both so strong!  Thank you for letting us into your lives.  FYI... I'm almost a year past treatment and life is wonderful on the other side.  You'll get there too.  SO much love being sent your way.
You look beautiful ❤️🌺🇬🇧
I shaved my head 2 weeks ago...hair kept coming out. We've got this! Sending all the love
Am I the only one that gets a Katy perry vibe with her bald? Beautifully 😍
You’re rocking the bald look Bec! Beauty comes from within, and your personality is what shines through! Sending you both lots of love and best wishes. You got this!
Bec, you are such a beautiful person inside and out. The love Eamon has for you is so incredible. My husband told me about y’all’s channel and I am obsessed with both of you. Such beautiful souls! Praying you through this cancer journey and cheering you on each step of the way. XO
And can we all just wish for every woman to have an Eamon. What a great support. Love to you both from Sweden
You genuinely look stunning. You’re so strong
I think you look amazing. All your beautiful features comes out. And you look badass.
❤❤❤
I’m So glad I found this channel. Bec you’re amazing and you’re strong. You look just as beautiful without hair. I’m so proud that you can find the light at the end of the tunnel when things get hard. To Eamon you’re an amazing partner for bec keeping her sane and telling her she’s beautiful is just amazing to see. Glad to be watching this amazing journey l. Bec you with kick cancers butt. Love you guys
XOXX
Feel the love and the hugs coming to you from 549,371 people who have adopted y'all into their family, smelly armpits and all. 😉
You are such a beautiful shining light to the world Bec.  So very strong, honest, vulnerable and  brave. Eamon you are the best. What a special couple you are.  💜
Bec you are absolutely radiant with or without hair and it shines right through our screens. Thank you to you both for being so open, genuine, and sharing yourselves with us. Hugs and healing vibes being sent your way from Vancouver Island.
Ironic cause I shaved my head to a one which is super short for me. You look good bald or not.❤️❤️❤️
After this, there is no such thing as a bad hair day, says the previously bald lady…
Oh bec, not only does this video show how strong you are, but it’s shows how you can rock long hair, bangs, a nice  bob, even a mohawk! You look absolutely stunning every way you are. You two are such an inspiration in all of our lives. Thank you for sharing this journey with us. All the love 🤍
you look freaking awesome , not even just saying, ruby rose vibes 🔥😱
Bec, you are always beautiful, cancer will not win, sending all the love from London💗
Girl, your bald self radiates such beauty and positive energy!  I actually prefer you bald!
Keep strong lovely ❤️ you can do this 💪🏻
You are beautiful!!  I had to go thru 36 days radiation and 6 chemo (3 double and 3 single) but never lost my hair but I let it grow out and no I have curls!! Dr was amazed.  I have heard it grows back a different color or texture.  Can't wait to see what you end up with.  Sending love.
Bec, you could never be anything but beautiful and radiant, you shine from the inside out with the brightest of lights. 💖
Eamon ur good  man thank u very much
You are a couple to look up to. Amazed by the love between you two! wish only the best for you and quick recovery. Love from Greece!
Not for anything but Bec looks good bald. I am not just saying it to say it cause my hair has fallen off and I looked horrible. But beck you have nothing to worry about. You look good bald! God bless you!
Hey Bec my name is Bec, too! I have been watching you both for so long and my heart is going out to you during this tine. Bec you are so STRONG AND RESILIENT! I’m praying for you on the Eastern side of the US! You are a light! Don’t ever forget it!
bex you look amazing ,thinking of you and sonic stay strong , keith from kidderminster england xx
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are a true inspiration. Keep fighting. You are in my thoughts and prayers🧡
I waited to watch it as I thought the video would be a tough watch, but it was funny, touching and inspiring all at the same time. Thank you for sharing your journey, and we’re all supporting you both.
Oh Bec, I cried with you through this whole video. You are so beautiful! I know how you feel about your hair. This is temporary. Your gorgeous locks will be back before you know it. You are a strong warrior chick! 💛
You look Beautiful ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are approaching every part of this journey so amazingly. I am so inspired by you Bec. And as for you Eamon, your support and encouragement is a thing of beauty. I hope and pray that my two little girls find life partners that treat them the way you treat Bec.
I just had to pause to say you are so incredibly beautiful and pull off a shaved head 👌🏻 😍😍😍 and so incredibly strong. You've got this beautiful lady ❤️
everytime i watch you guys i always get inspired, and after watching this i truly believe you are the strongest most beautiful I have ever come across on youtube. sending so much love and support and Bec, you are beautiful inside and out <3
❤️❤️
You don't need hair you are beautiful as you are  you have an amazing man who loves you know matter what ❤️
For starters, you look beautiful with or without hair ❤️ Also.... allll the wigs, you are going to have so much fun changing up your wigs  ❤️ and the head wraps and the short crop buzz cuts, omg girl you're going to rock it all ❤️
Bec, you are freaking beautiful! And Eamon, you are one of the most supportive people who exists. Bec is so lucky to have you by her side every step of the way. Much love and light to you both throughout your healing process ❤️
I must say Bec You are Rockin that bald with that mascara OMG you are amazing and strong and have so much courage and I love that you check in on Eamon and make sure he is ok when you are going thru so much!!  You 2 have such a beautiful love going on You are helping so many by being so brave I have SO much respect for you young lady!!! Such Class ! And I mean this with all my heart You look Beautiful with No Hair
aw eamon you’re literally the best partner ever wow seeing you handle Bec is sooo beautiful I love it 🥺😩
You look gorgeous,sending hugs and strength from North Wales 🌈🙂
I love you guys so much ❤️ Eamon, thank you for being such a great example of an amazing partner! Bec, you are doing so well ❤️ Thank you for being such a great example of feeling your emotions and taking things a day at a time. So much happiness being sent your way!!!!!
You are beautiful inside and out. You are an amazing and strong woman much love ❤️
Bec, you would be stunning no matter what. Because you have a truly beautiful soul that just radiates for all to see.
no words needed, just that we love you and we send you soo much love an energy. As allways YOU GO GIRL! and of course much love and apreciation for Eamon and you both beig the power couple of our dreams! YOU ALREADY GOT THIS!!
Sending much love to you both 💕
I think you look so much better than you did
You are both such treasures. Sending healing and hopeful vibes from California...you got this!<3
Love You babe!
First all of bec you look beautiful you are such a strong beautiful woman!! I look up toooo ,Eamon you such a strong partner , I love how you going being so strong for bec because we all know this is hurting for you also to see the one you love going through something so hard , I love ya , honestly ya are goals !!! I wish one day I find a love like this !! Bec keep being strong GIRL YOU GOT THIS !!!!
You guys rock.  Thank you thank you for sharing.
❤❤❤🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤
Bec you look soo beautiful bald i love it 🥰
We love u an we support u gys
You are so beautiful Bec, and so brave. Thank you Eamon for being such an amazing partner. What a nice and inspiring couple ! Bons baisers de France
Your bravery and strength you exude is really inspiring! Living life to the best of our ability is a key component of living full out!
I really understand your struggle with losing your hair. It is absolutely normal to have our hairstyle as a big part of our identity and confidence.  But your identity comes with your personality/character and you've got a lot.  Now your shiny smile is even brighter. You look absolutely fabulous, beautiful and also strong. I like your new look.
All my support for you guys!!! sending you good vibes ..... I allow myself to give you advice ..... I think there is some sort of project that Emon should do for himself, or he might help him as well.... it would be cool something about food to help general health or something like that
it's really unfortunate that things like this happen. Cancer is truly a terrible thing and has hurt countless people and destroyed families.   Im glad you are managing to overcome it.
Bec I've been watching your journey for a few weeks now and you're so brave to share your story. I just say you ROCK the bald look it's phenomenal. As someone who is extremely attached to her hair and even a trim upsets me I think your bravery is unbelievable and you're amazing ❤️
I think we all already knew this, but this video truly shows that you and Eamon were just naturally meant for each other. The support you give each other in every moment is so beautiful💗 love you both so much, and Bec you look AMAZING! I appreciate you sharing everything, even the darkest times. I feel grateful every day that I found your channel years ago and I am one of the million people that get to know you on the internet 💗
I absolutely love watching you guys!! I am thinking and praying for you guys all the time. 🧡🧡🧡🧡
I didn’t think it was possible to feel so proud of someone I’ve never met. You are so strong - even if/when you don’t feel like it. Sharing your story, being so vulnerable, is SO strong.
So beautiful!!!
What a touching video I have to admit I cried through most of it. May God bless you both.
Stay strong. The both of you. My mom is a breast cancer survivor. So I know the journey. Morn your losses and celebrate the good days. Good luck with the recovery.
SO very strong and beautiful!! These videos are just proof of just how strong you are. Its not easy going through all this and then capturing these raw and intense emotions. I hope you know that not only shaving your hair but having it all captured as a memory to ALWAYS remind yourself of just how strong you are. Bec you are a very confident and brave person and just know that your hair doesn't capture that. It is your personality and the kind words you spread and share, your hair doesn't do that for you.   LOVE LOVE LOVE the new look and I hope you are just as happy you can try different styles you may have wanted to try and colors and just embrace the new look. You always say to live a little and try new adventures and just look at this as a new adventure, you may find somehair style or as you said these very nice companies that you wouldn't have met otherwise. Life has taken you here for a reason, I don't know what these reasons are but, I know that it will bring very happy memories and hopefully many more memories to come.  I hope your having a beautiful day.  Sending lots of love to both you and Eamon :)
Bec, so amazed by your strength and beauty.  Eamon, your love is so powerful and your spirit is so stregthening.  I cried with you watching.  Learning a lot about this process.  And enjoy watching you as much as ever.
Bec, you're an amazing person no matter what situation you're in! God Bless you, and I'm praying for you, Eamon, your family, and all those who are going through similar situations!!
So beautiful💕💕
You are beautiful and amazing.  You are so strong for sharing this journey with the world.  Sending Love and strength!
You’re amazing and beautiful and so strong! 🙂🙂🙂 You got this! 💪💪👍🙂
I cried for you during your experience, but oh my do you look fabulous bald! Your head is perfectly shaped. Thank you for sharing this with us.
❤️❤️❤️
Bec looks amazing bald!
The scene of you two holding hands on your yoga mats brought me to tears.  What a beautiful couple! You guys truly are the definition of partners, best friends. It’s an honor to watch.   F**k cancer! You got this, Bec! 💓
Holy smokes Bec, you are absolutely beautiful bald!  You rock that look, seriously!  But if you just aren’t feeling it, you should know that wig looks amazing too.  Even my husband (who is normally oblivious to these things) said “wow, that totally just looks like her normal hair”.   Continuing to send both of you tons of love and support!  And congratulations on reaching 1M subscribers!!!
Incredibly brave lady your an inspiration for sharing your journey which I'm sure will help others tread their own paths. You are beautiful inside and out such a rare quality thank you for sharing ❤
Your both so strong and totally rocking it! Much love to you both 😁
So beautiful inside and out!! Also, you look like a total bada** bald too! Thank you so much for sharing your journey Bec. We are all by your side through this. You got this!!
beautiful no matter what bec, sending you both hugs❤️❤️❤️
You folks are an inspiration beyond words.   Thank you SO much for sharing.  We all love you!
Oh bec You’re so strong. Your vibrations are so special. You two were made for eachother ♥️❤️🌻🌻
SO very strong and beautiful!! These videos are just proof of just how strong you are. Its not easy going through all this and then capturing these raw and intense emotions. I hope you know that not only shaving your hair but having it all captured as a memory to ALWAYS remind yourself of just how strong you are. Bec you are a very confident and brave person and just know that your hair doesn't capture that. It is your personality and the kind words you spread and share, your hair doesn't do that for you.   LOVE LOVE LOVE the new look and I hope you are just as happy you can try different styles you may have wanted to try and colors and just embrace the new look. You always say to live a little and try new adventures and just look at this as a new adventure, you may find somehair style or as you said these very nice companies that you wouldn't have met otherwise. Life has taken you here for a reason, I don't know what these reasons are but, I know that it will bring very happy memories and hopefully many more memories to come.  I hope your having a beautiful day.  Sending lots of love to both you and Eamon :)
You guys are amazing! That’s all i have to say 😘
I love you guys ❤️
Eamon is really sweet, and he tried 💇 ...but I think you need to go to a professional to smooth it out. All the best ❤️
I agree with Eamon - you look fcking rad bald 👊
You guys are so awesome together, you really embody the term “partners”. Stay strong, and eff cancer. You got this Bec!
I lost my hair to chemo and it was really difficult for me (sometimes it was harder than the actual cancer).   I also regret that I didn't shave my head when it was falling out because I had weird patches.   I will say though, I did love being able to have all the fun hair colors (pink and purple were my favorite).   But, I will say that you look amazing and I appreciate you sharing your story!
Bec you are beautiful with and without hair. Seeing you go through that broke my heart. I understand how it made you feel but nothing will ever take your beauty away both inside and out xx
yooo. Having that tuft in the front swept back looked badass.
Bec! You absolutely ROCK no hair! You could wear any hairstyle or no hairstyle and look beautiful! It’s an ‘inside / outside’ thing!
Gorgeous with or without hair! Cause we love you for who you are, same how Eamon does. Btw Eamon nailed it the way he cut your hair 😊 you both are amazing and im so inspired by you. Proudly subscriber/part of your fam. Love you guys
Such a beautiful couple gifting the world with generous positivity!  Beautiful bald from the inside out!❤️❤️
Bec you are so dang strong! I keep calling you a warrior and cutting your hair just really amplified your light! You are shining through this journey. As times get hard I hope we (as your community, friends, and fans) can assist Eamon and your family and be a strong support system.  Sending all my love! ♥️
sending you so much love right now
Hey, sunshine! You look so beautiful! Hair is not the most important thing. Look at your gorgeous smile and the sunshine in your eyes! You are so beautiful person, in and out. I'm proud of you! I'm sending you my love and positive energy ❤️
Still look super hot shaved bec ❤️
When is Eamon going to shave his head in solidarity with you Bec?  You do look great bald.  Doesn't it feel weird to put your head on a pillow? Have been praying to God for both of you.
#9 on trending lfg
In 2017, I had to go for radio active therapy for my thyroid. I kept asking if I would lose my hair as it was long. I was reassured that the dose is not close to that of a cancer patient, so there is no need to worry. 3 months later, I was losing balls of hair daily, and the length made it so much worse. I never lost all my hair, maybe about a third. If I let it loose, you could see my skulp, and I would shed all over. There were days I wished I'd cut it or shaved it. But I told myself it's not cancer; no one would understand why. A silent battle no one could even spot.  Stay strong and keep filling the house with more plants and wigs ♥️♥️
Your a smashing pumpkin with or without hair ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ X X X X X X X X X X X
you do look absolutely amazing hope your feeling better
Much, much vegan love from my wife & I to the both of you. ✌🏼🌱💚 💚💚💚 ❤️❤️❤️ 💚💚💚
Bec, you are so genuinely beautiful
Here's this week's load of hugs n kisses coming at ya from Sunny Swansea, UK xxxxxoooooooxxxxxxx
You truly are beautiful Bec. With or without hair. I must say, when I saw the thumbnail of this video, I became sad. I've always noticed your hair in your videos. It is such beautiful, strong hair. What I know is, it will grow back. Enjoy this period with no-hair. My best friend's hair has grown back a bit now. She has the cutest short hairstyle! And you will be there in good time as well.   Eamon, you're such an amazing partner! Blessings to you both.
Thank u for sharing that u looked into the Cold Cap but that you decided it was not a right treatment for you. You look beautiful with or without hair ❤
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us!  You’re helping more people than you’ll ever know! Praying for a full and speedy healing ❤️‍🩹
You are amazing Bec. I cried with you all through the vlog. I think everyone woman is attached to their hair and this would of been very hard for you. Thanknso much for sharing you are a bright star in this world. Sending my love to you 🧡 Eamon you are just so supportive you are awesome 💜
Bec, you are a lioness! So brave! Thank you for sharing this with us. Special thoughts for you and Eamon as you journey this together.
I just love y’all so much 🥺💗
You are so beautiful Bec! Thank you for sharing your amazing journey, I am so glad you guys are still sharing your life with us so we can support you too ❤ what a beautiful family you are! Sending you love and positivity.
You look totally amazing with or without your hair. You are a strong beautiful woman and we are all behind you and wishing you strength to keep on inspiring us. Eamon is very lucky as you are to have each other. Sending heaps of positive thoughts to you both x
I am in complete admiration of your strength and resilience. Both of you are such amazing individuals and it shines through! Thank you for showing us not just the positive happy Bec and Eamon but also the moments you break down and are feeling low. You guys are so raw and real and it is so appreciated. Even though we sure as heck aren't entitled to any information you still decide to share and are so generous with how you share your lives. I'm certain these videos will be helping countless people going through similar situations and even those who are struggling in other ways. Sending love and praying for you both and your families. You've got this! Looking forward to all the next videos to come!! x  Ps. Bec you look hot bald 🔥 - Enjoy the hair lost everywhere else! I love that you said at least there's one perk! Positive vibes all the way! 💕
bald Bec looks like a model 🥰 she looks beautiful as always!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you look great.
If you are beautiful on the inside you will always no matter what be beautiful on the outside!  And that’s you Bec! Beautiful both inside and outside! Wish you both the best! ❤️
Doesn't blow my mind at all that you're up to a million followers - everyone who watches your videos are immediately captured by your energy, your love for one another, your love for life, and how honest each video is. Sending you both endless love and support. <3
I am sending you both all the love in my heart. Both of you are the most beautiful and genuine people inside and out. Bec-you are stunning.  Your beauty shines from within. My thoughts and prayers are with you both every day.
🤍🙏🏻💪🏻
Y’all are great! Bec your strength is so encouraging. ❤️
Bec you are sooo beautiful and girl...you are totally rocking that look!!! I love how you are sharing your journey...good and bad. Your strength is inspiring!! My thoughts are with you both, and you are always in my prayers. 💕
Ohhh sweet sweet Bec my heart broke with you.  I was literally blinking back tears seeing you hurt so much.  You are such a beautiful soul and I know you are going to kick cancers ass because this world needs your light in it!  Sending you lots of love and good vibes!
Girl, i stumbled into your video and i just want to say.  Hang in there, Life is worth it. You will never stop being beautiful as long as you keep being a beautiful human being as a person. No illness, Age or damage can delete that beauty.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE ❤️❤️❤️ Both of you!
lol love the pure shock and joy when you saw yourself and said "I DOOO LOOK CUUUTE". You look amazing with all the different headstyles. I've donated hair for 7 years now, it's shocking/emotional for me and I'm just donating by choice in honor of my late aunt, I can only imagine the emotions you're going through. I hope my hair went to help.  Praying for your quick recovery! Thank you for sharing so much with us.
i completely understand your meltdown when shaving the head...i was just watching and just the thought of losing hair made me cry...but i can tell you right here and now and with all sincereity..you look fantastic with a shaved head...you can really oull it off
Heyy guys I am so sorry what you are going through my mom went through Breast cancer and also lost her hair so you are not alone in this
Continued prayers for you! You are so strong!Check out Love Your Melon, great company, great products! Especially for those frigid Northern days!
Wow, you look so beautiful! Hair or no hair, you shine from within!
ياربي تشفيك
Also Eamon you are absolutely the best! I hope you are doing okay as well and staying strong! Love to you both!
You two are amazing. Bec you look beautiful & without hair. Sending light, love, health and prayers to get you thru. Keep Smiling.
Love you guys! Keeping on with the positive energy and healing. Thanks so much for having the strength and will to post this journey. It helps to know that everyone struggles with something.
You are so beautiful and so strong! You rock every look!
Bec your beauty is within you & Shines through out. Eamon you’re a wonderful support system. Love ❤️& prayers 🙏🏻
Praying for the both of you. Praying that God would draw you to know Him. He loves you more than you could ever imagine. He can give you peace that surpasses understanding.  Isaiah 40:29-31 "He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. Even youths grow tired and weary, and young men stumble and fall; but those who Hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint."
Eamon I send you a lot of love as well! You are such a great partner ❤️
Hair doesn’t define you your beautiful heart and beautiful soul you have the most amazing man way to go babe keep your head up babe
Bec you are so incredibly strong for going through this, especially on the internet. Your such an inspiration for many people. Sending so much love❤️💕
Emon and Bec: I have an idea for a video, and Emon, your gonna have to pull out all the stops.... COSPLAY-esk meeting Bec in a bar for the first time and use your smooth talking work to see if you can bring this chick back to the hotel....you know, your an out of towner so you have never seen this woman. MAKE IT REAL, and no dive hotel rooms..... and we will all look forward to THAT video. It should be fun, and be good for Bec.  Cheers Mates...
So real and pure. You got this all the way!! Keep on. <3
You guys. Oh, you guys. I can’t stop thinking how fortunate it is that you bought the cabin and fixed it all up, even though traveling is what you wanted to be doing. You have this terrible thing to go through, but you have a wonderful home to see you through it, a comfortable, beautiful, affirming place. Winter will be over soon, and the sun and air and beautiful energy will be there for you. So much love to you, badass baldy Bec, and to Eamon, the best hand-holder there ever was.
I love you guys ❤️
We love you each so incredibly much! Together you can get through anything! Always, take care of each other. Love and Hugs to you both!!!!!
bald head looks hot, its very cyberpunk style
be strong Eamon and Bec much love 💕
Bec Beauty comes from within! Bec your very beautiful (inside&out) I bet everyone agrees! You radiate beauty, and can feel your beauty. Your smile is infectious, and you always keep it real! I am lucky enough to be married to the man of my dreams and Eamon has and continues to show you such love and grace! You two are the true definition of true love! Remember every day is a day closer to getting better! And one day starting your own family. Much Love you both to bits, God bless you all. You will get through this! 💖💖💖🤗💖💖👏👏😘💐💐💖💖Xxxxxxx
Bec!!! You are stunning! Bald, Bob, long, short, wigg’n it up. Wow just gorgeous, seriously. Your a force Bec ❤️ Shout out to Eamon for being the most adorably supportive partner 😍😍😍😍
Sweet Bec, the light that you exude can not be turn off ….. your light is your beauty , never forget that! Keep shinning!
You guys are on an amazing journey, that we hope nobody ever has to go on.  You guys are so "there for each other", and HUGE shout out to Eamon for being amazingly super supportive of Bec, during the transition.  Most guys want to "fix" the problem, but in this moment, it's all about holding the other one up, and providing emotional support when they are unable to do so for themselves.  As much as this sucks, I am waiting with bated breath for the next video.  Oh, and phuck cancer!
You guys are amazing ❤❤❤
You are awesome. And you rock every hairstyle you have had. Look at it from a new perspective if you are still struggling........when you go into remission... your hair will grow back and that symbolises you starting the new chapter of your life. A new start. A new oppertunity. Never give up and don't have any regrets.
Bec we all support u, be strong and we will always be here
You are so beautiful no matter what! ❤️ I am sending so much love to you!!
Bec- you are so beautiful and you TRULY look amazing bald
Bec Beauty comes from within! Bec your very beautiful (inside&out) I bet everyone agrees! You radiate beauty, and can feel your beauty. Your smile is infectious, and you always keep it real! I am lucky enough to be married to the man of my dreams and Emmon has and continues to show you such love and grace! You two are the true definition of true love! Love you both to bits, God bless you all. You will get through this! 💖💖💖🤗💖💖👏👏😘💐💐💖💖Xxxxxxx
I just want you guys to know how much we all appreciate you's sharing your journey. You are so brave Bec and so beautiful inside and out  💛 Eamon you are so supportive and I can't imagine what you both going through. Sending love and strength, you's got this!
You are beautiful!! And so strong!  And just so you know. Your plants will get accustomed to the way you water them. I have a lot of plants and they all (All but the cactus) get water like anything between 2 times/week - 1 time every second week 😁 they are thriving.  💚 just love them the way you love each other and they will love you back 🌱
This video had me go through so many emotions and feelings Sad, crying, laughing but most of all it left me happy to see your smile Bec and how your embracing everything. Your so beautiful truly inside and outside.  Then to see how much Eamon loves you and is truly with you every step of the way. I’ve watch your videos since for a few years now and your both my favourite people to watch. ❤️❤️ see you next week😘
I'm terribly sorry for what y'all are going through. I've been following y'all long enough to know that you've got the strength and determination to pull through this, and come out stronger on the other side.  Also, dare I say, Bec looks gorgeous with no hair!
Wow! The Bob looked amazing on you, but man you are rocking the shaved head! Long hair is to much fuss and boring! I might shave it too!
Eamon is right size of your hair doesn’t matter you look great Rebecca, power girl💪🏻💪🏻,stay strong my thoughts/prayers are with you !!🙏
You 2 rock. Sending huge love from Ireland xxx
I cried a lot with you while watching this video.  You are so strong and really beautiful, with oder without hair!!!
You should name your wig VAN-essa ♥️
❤️
My grandmother would only allow me to shave her head when she was going through chemo.  She looked beautiful too bald. I've been watching you guys so long I feel like it's a family member going through this. Choked up a couple of times through the video.  Big props for being raw and honest.  You will be an inspiration for others who have to go through this for years to come.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Your beautiful because you are a beautiful person on the inside, you are kind and caring and a good person. Your hair will change but you will always be beautiful
I've come over from Kara & Nates channel and I absolutely love you guys. Keep strong, keep positive xxx
Bec, I am so sorry you have to go through this, I crying with you in every step of this video. I have never had to go through this but I feel you  girl! You are beautiful, and you have such a good heart.... And Bec, I have a mole on my head too... 2 in fact.. So it's ok! It's ok not to feel strong ALL the time. But girl you do have this, you are strong and you are so very beautiful! Embrace it! Love you! And Eamon, you are such a wonderful man to Bec. I'm also crying because of just how amazing you are taking everything. Bec, Every day you are getting closer to being cancer free just take that is everyday. "This too shall pass!" 😘💕
From my 5 year old self when I was going through chemo…”bald is beautiful and hair is just an accessories” as someone who has lost their hair and have grown It back you will find the little joys in all stages of the growth💕 I had a wig too but preferred the bald look, especially in the summer. When I would wear my wig though I changed my name and had an alter ego
First time coming across your channel, I just want to say thank you for sharing something so intimate and private. You really are very courageous, I was brought to tears a couple of times, you're beautiful. I wish you a speedy recovery, Bec, you've got this! (p.s your shaved hair looks super cute on you <3 <3)
Thank you for being so available and real.  Taking us through this journey with you is a huge gift and privilege for us your audience. You willingness to be right there for us is dispelling myths and really showing us how this can be.  😍You are magnificent.  Sending you lots of healing energy and love.
You are so beautiful Bec! 💛🔆
You are so strong And so beautiful  ❤❤❤
Omg!!!  Can we I just say how completely stunning you are with no hair?!?!  I have so many lumps and bumps, I’d look like a monster!!  Lol.  You totally rock it!!!!
Sending love ❤️ your amazing
Bec, I have to agree with you! You actually really do look good bald 💛 praying for you, thinking of you, and sending all things good! All the positive energy your way! Love it! 🌻🌻
You are beautiful ❤️
Beck is jusy the most strogest and positive person i hv seen in my life ... your reallyy doing amazing by sharing the way ur takg this with so much posivity ... Also Beck ur soo beautifulll with and without hair ... I wish u from heart all the love and a super speedy recovery ❤❤❤
Top 5: Bad Things to be with a RUSSIAN WOMAN... https://youtu.be/YSZ0VvFbu24
The positivity and support from Eamon and the sweet, real, pureness of Bec is just amazing! You’re strong bec. Sending much love and good vibes your way ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Think of you everyday. Sending good vibes from the U.S.❤️
STAY STRONG 💗
Such beautiful souls!  Thank you for the transparency in sharing all aspects of your lives!
You are awesome with or with out hair!  You can rock any hair style!
love u so much!!!! ur my motivation. i dont know what ur going through  but i have alot going on in life!!!! stay strong wish i could hug u
This Made Me Cry. Love you guys so much. My family and I are praying for you everynight. You both have such generous love for each other that can overcome anything. God Is Good and you are in this place for a reason. You will be Blessed.
You have a beautiful head! Thank you thank you. Sharing is important. We love y’all! Prayers for complete recovery. So thankful for your honesty. Love y’all.❤️❤️❤️
We all love you Bec and I'm praying for you! We're here for you!!!
My nick name for beck is G.I.JANE in all the right ways. Very strong. Very beautiful. You got this. And we love you.
Bec, I really really really have so much respect for you and am thankfull you share your story with us. I can only look to all of your videos with tears in my eyes and a lot of connection because of your vulnerability. You are a very strong woman and it is amazing how true you are with your feelings. The positive and the negative ❤️ And Eamon, you are a hell of a good guy, being there to the maximum, with so much love. I can imagine it is the toughest battle you ever had also, but still you stay positive all the time and give Bec everything to take her insecurities away. I can not different than have so much good thoughts and feelings of you, and despite I live on the other side of the world (the Netherlands) it feels I know you. Again, thanks ❤️🧡💛
i almost cried she is so strong i can’t wait to see next week and the new wig! ❤️
Bec- Love your bravery and vulnerability. Eamon-your words of truth and love are so overwhelming. Blessing to you both!
U look so beautiful bec with or without hair.   Seriously...
Thank you for sharing this journey 🙏
He’s so wonderful and what a great fit you Bec.love you both!!
Oh yes and Eamon is amazing!
I cried with you.  You are so brave and so beautiful and I only wish you health and happiness in your journey. ❤️
Bec you literally are STUNNING
E&B you guys are amazing, sunshine on a cloudy day always! Thank you for bringing us along with you, all the love!
Aww Bec i cried along with you on this video. It pulled on my heartstrings all the emotions you were feeling. You look incredible though with or without the hair. Not to mention you have like  the best head shape ever! Thanks for sharing this journey with us all. I know it’s not always easy. Eamon, you’re an awesome support system. Im sending you both good vibes.
Thank you sharing your personal journey. It’s takes courage and guts to be on screen . But it is so inspiring to people who are going through this or just having a bad time . Sending love , hugs and lots and lots of prayers ❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🤗
Hell yah Bec you look totally bad ass girlfriend absolutely gorgeous. Both of you are such bright lights. Sending hugs to you both your friend and fellow warrior in Kentucky
The hair doesn't make you beautiful, being Bec makes you beautiful, and you are still the Bec we look forward to seeing.
You are such an inspiration & so loved Bec. I can imagine these changes are really hard but you’re so so beautiful inside & out. Stay strong guys♥️
Bec you are gorgeous!! most beautiful person inside and out!!
Your partner is doing an amazing job keeping you strong and happy.
So much love and respect 🙏🏽
***grabs a tissue for the 100th time*** Bec you are such a rockstar and an inspiration for others!! You are BEAUTIFUL with or without hair!! I’m so glad I stumbled across you guys. I look forward to your videos each week! Eamon is GOALS for a partner! Y’all really have something special! Praying for you guys! 💪🏼❤️ Bec, you are STRONG, you are BEAUTIFUL, YOU GOT THIS!!
You can literally pull off any hair style! You look so gorgeous and strong at all points in the hair loss! Also, Eamon you are also doing such a great job!!
Your amazing bec!! Such a beauty and your positive outlook is so contagious! Stay strong and the support from Eamon is so awesome to see!!
I’ve been following your journey for awhile. I have always looked up to both of you for so many reasons. But this stage in Becs life and Eamon being right there… right there every step of the way. That is love and makes my heart so happy, I couldn’t imagine what your going through Bec but having an Eamon by your side, I bet it makes it a lot easier❤️ You both are very strong and thank you so much for letting us see this difficult stage  in your life. PS: girl your hair looks so amazing in very stage and length you went through 😍
There is so much light radiating from the both of you.  Blessings and continued prayers on your journey.  And you should def call that wig 'Lady Godiva'!  :)
Prayers lifted! Much love!
Bec you are beautiful and amazing
You look amazing. Both with a wig and no hair. :)
Thinking of you both, so strong Bec
Ugh, No one makes me cry like you guys do. Sending all of the love your way. And honestly, you've got the most beautiful face, a bald model!
Your beauty and strength come from within 💪🏻 bald and absolutely beautiful ♥️
Thank you for sharing your journey Bec, sharing your authentic vulnerability at this time, is truly inspiring.  You've got this girl.  You look awesome with all the levels of hair. xx
I have been watching your videos for about 3 years now and have never commented before. Initially I was attracted by the van build, but we left that idea behind, but I couldn’t stop watching you. You are simply beautiful people inside and out and you are both setting an example of what grace really means. Sending you light and love. 💞
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Wonder women over here!
Ramon it’s ur turn! shave that head buddd
Is it eamons time to cut his locks? You're amazing bec 💗
You are so beautiful Bec!
Love you guys. Praying for you too.
Beck we love you and your life however you live it. You being without your hair for a bit but your hair is not what make you who you are.Your bright soul is. Plus your baldness is out of this world. I love it!!!
You are my hero Bec. Love!
❤❤❤❤❤
Looking forward to those chemo curls :) every time my sister’s bone cancer came back, after the chemo was finished her hair would come back in a different color and texture!!
I’m emotional about how supportive and wonderful your partner is. Very very powerful and palpable is the bond between you guys
Bec You are beautiful outside and inside and what gift of your heart and soul you are sharing with us all. Eamon : you are such a bless and a lovely partner. Love doesn’t need hair, indeed. It needs your dedication. Like many of us, I cried when you cried and smile between tears when you celebrate life with all its ups and downs.  All this community that offers kindness and love exists thanks to you both. Because of what you are.  We all feel like a big family hugging you with our best wishes with  Lots of love 💗 💗
You look beautiful. It comes from the inside . Well done! 🌞👍🌻
The less hair you have, the better your eyes look.  Amazing!
So beautiful. Sending strength xxxxx
Bec, you look beautiful inside and out- no matter what. Sending so much love to you bot during this journey. Bec your strength is truely admirable during this time- you got this! xx
Can we talk about how well he cut her hair and how amazing she looks
Yall are amazing!
I'm so proud of both of you. Thank you for sharing. I feel like you are apart of my family.
Becs you rock your shaved head, beautiful inside and out. Your energy is inspiring, keep going we all think you are awesome. Eamon what a dude. We feel your love for you r lady ❤️
You Bec are THE MOST beautiful person!!  What a truly inspiring story <3
This is such a powerful vlog. Beck, you're absolutely beautiful, with hair, without hair ❤️
You guys are absolutely amazing.  Love you both!  XXXX
Like seriously YOU look sooo good, with no wig or beany or scarf, But also with them!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are beautiful. Kindof Punk Rock now :)
Two of the most entirely beautiful souls that exist. Incredible
My girlfriend was diagnosed 7 years ago with Breast Cancer and had a very similar viewpoint as you when it came to shaving her hair. Not sure that she ever got over those emotions totally so I commend you for your bravery. It is harder for some than for others for sure. Each person has their own journey and I thank you for sharing yours.
What about Sunny as a name for the wig! It's like a combo of "liquid sunshine" and "see you Sunday"!!
You are so brave. My mum have cancer 3 times. She is still here. Still strong.
Bec, you look much better bald than I did! My husband was out of town the week (one week after my second chemo treatment) when I decided to bite the bullet. My son shaved my head and afterwards I held my firstborn grandchild. She was only a couple weeks, so I'm sure she doesn't remember Grammy crying on her. It does grow back sweetie. I even had curls for first time ever (for about 8 months). Cool thing is I haven't had to shave my legs since! Almost at 5 yr mark and now have 2nd grandchild. Life is good. All the best from Missouri.
Giiirrl your such a strong amazing beautiful sunshine ☀️
I bloody love you guys! Stay strong xx and you do look hot Bec!
You don't look beautiful you are beautiful
stay strong
Bec. You are stunning. Praying for you and eamon
So beautiful! Thank you for sharing!
You guys are such an inspiration✨ Thank you for sharing this incredibly personal trial you are going through! So much love your way🧡
Hahahaha, you look absolutely amazing!!!
Bec is so strong!
omgosh Bec, I thought I was the only one in the world with a mole on my head!!! I am self conscious of it to, bit after seeing you, not anymore!
YOU GUYS ARE SO FUNNY LOVE IT GREAT SPRIT
I actually really love you bald Bec. It really enhances your beautiful features of your face. Your nose looks perfect and it really brings out its beauty.
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
❤❤❤❤
You both inspire me so deeply every time I see you. Sending you both love
you’re both so inspiring❤️
I love you guys the love you guys have for each other is amazing and I'm glad you have an amazing support team
Praying for you and your family.
I love that you have decided to share your journey. I believe you are and will continue to discover deeper parts of yourself. It's not a journey that any of us would have chosen for ourself but there are treasures and truths to be found. Looks like you have strong support and love. You will be in my thoughts and prayers!
You look beautiful long short or bald you are amazing helping other people too.
Love you guys
everyone needs an Eamon for support.
I love the new look u rock it bec ( and Eamon 😂) ❤️🤍
Bec, You are an incredibly strong and beautiful women with or with out hair. Keep on rocking that beauty and grace and kick cancers a$$!!
I only know both of you because of Kara & Nate, but I just wanted to say you are so fucking strong Bec. So strong, & so inspiring ❤️
Watching this was a tough one. I was the one to shave my sisters hair as she went through her hair loss journey. Her hair did grow back and it was actually thicker and wavier than before! You look so darn cute with the bob and then like a mega bad ass with the ball head! Total babe!!!
Your are more then just your vanity exterior,. You are amazing and your spirit on the inside out shine everything.. so don't cry .. u are a hero to all of us  .
Bec always looks beautiful! It's just who she is as a person! She's beautiful inside and out!
I was diagnosed with stage 3 Colon cancer in November of 2020, I spent 6 months doing Chemo so I know exactly what you are going through.  I have 3 young daughters (oldest is 6) and I will never trade my time through Chemo for anything else.  I had every day, even if I was laying on the bed not able to move, just laying there with my kids cuddled in watching shows while I slept.  I came out the other side stronger and happier and miss that time with my kids.  Now I get 1.5 hours at night after I get home from work and before they go to bed.  You are brave and you will get out the other side of this stronger and happier than you have ever been in your life.  I admire your openness and honesty during this difficult time.
I just cut my hair for the first time since finishing chemo (4.5 years ago!). I cut over 12 inches and got a cute bob like yours. It’s soooooo much easier taking care of short hair lol
Oh Bec your beautiful inside and out with or without hair💙💜
Sending you so much love you inspiring beautiful humans ❤️✨
you are beautiful.  you got this!!
You look GORGEOUS girl, GOR GE OUS.   You know, the girl from the coffee place right outside my office (here in Spain) shaves her head and you know what I think EVERY TIME I see her? That I envy the strength it takes and I wish, seriously, that I could do the same. NO worrying about hair?? That’s the dreeeam girl!! You shower fast, it doesn’t get tangled, you can try out SO MANY hair styles as it grows back, no more migraines or headaches because of the weight of the hair in a bun or ponytail!!   It doesn’t have to be a sign of illness, think about it as a hair style which so many people choose every day ❤️❤️ it always grows back, it’s just hair sweetie, doesn’t change who you are inside 🤗❤️ plus you’ve got Eamon who LOOOVES you in everything and every way possible 🤩
You guys are both so strong. Praying for God to comfort you both through this journey.
Bec you are a beautiful soul. It’s lovely to see Eamon  take care of you and support you. You both complete each other. God bless you both with love,light,health and happiness
I shaved my head willingly almost 3 years ago and I still remember the bare nakedness I felt that made me break down. Our hair is our covering, it’s like our blanket, it’s almost defines us without us realizing until it’s gone, it makes us feel safe. we never truly appreciate it until it’s gone. You are strong and the fact that I did it willingly and still hurt over it makes me really empathize for the fact that you had no choice while doing it. When it grows back it will feel amazing spiritually, you’ll be so happy you went through this bald stage and I can almost promise you it will make you even better than you already were.
Bec you are so effing strong. You got this! And Eamon is so supportive and sweet and making you laugh. Together, you guys can get through it ❤️ you’re doing amazingly
Bec thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. It's not easy to show when you are hurting. I've been battling depression for the past year. By being so open you encourage me to not hide when I'm hurting. Love you guys!
Thank you both for sharing these moments, it’s not easy.
I can’t begin to know what you’re going through but you look so HOT!!! Be proud of yourself, sending you both love <3
You are an absolute inspiration! You are so strong and beautiful!!! Keep kicking that cancers butt! ❤️❤️
Bec, sweetheart! you and Aimee can rock some awesome doos. You’ve got a great shaped head! Very Buddha, my dear! My suggestion for your new wig’s name……. Veronica! Eamon, you’re the best support person! So patient and loving!
I had to stop this video during the head shaving , I’m crying my eyes out over how beautiful Bec is . I mean I thought she was a stunner before , but her strength and courage is just truly so inspiring. I love these two so much .
Obviously you are beautiful inside and out, but the shaved head really does look amazing. Your beautiful face structure suits the style so much! Your strength through all this is literally so inspiring and I know we are all beyond grateful you are letting us in on your experiences.
Keep going you both. Sending Love ❤️🙏💯
You Are both so strong! I send you all my energy!💕
#courageous #fierce #beautiful - that Eamon fella is one lucky guy!
Sending so much love, you too are an inspiration when it comes to love, friendship and support. And that has been constant since I started watching your channel about five years ago. Incredible! Have an amazing day! <3
💜💜💜💜💜💜
❤️
You pull off bald so God damn well!!! Much love Bec ❤️ ❤️
Bec's you're being amazingly brave and staying so positive, which is very very important! So pleased you decided NOT to go with the cold cap, its a very hard thing watching a loved one have chemo and also suffer the cold cap pain on top! You are so so pretty and your hair will grow back chica💖 Eamon you have been Becs rock but we all knew you would be, please takecare of each other and stay 💪 💪 Love Rose xx
Mountains are there to climb,you can do this, and you'll grow so much stronger. Hair is not who we are !!!
Thank you so much for sharing this raw, truthful experience. You and Eamon have such an incredible partnership. Sending love.
You look great! I had the exact same anxiety when I had to shave my head. In the end I loved being bald for the time I had to be. You are so strong and will do great :) thinking of you often.
Love the plant gifting idea~ water only when dry…most plants all the way through before watering it throughly~  You are beautiful!
This had me in tears. Bec you’re amazing and beautiful no matter what. Eamon you’re a great partner and Bec is soo blessed to have you by her side throughout this journey. Stay strong guys. Sending all the happiness and good vibes your way!!
You look so much like Rachel mcadams
Bec Bec Bec 💪🙏❤ it took me a few times to get through the last couple videos.  The raw emotional truth of your journey is powerful and beautiful.   Thank you for inviting us along.  Everyone needs an Eamon in their life. 🥰  Congrats on ONE MILLION subscribers. 🎉🥳🎉
I love you guys
Rock that beautiful bald head of yours Bec! Or wig, wrap or hat. It's your beauty and personality that people really notice. Also, shaving your head is so in fashion right now, so, rock that trend 😉  Also Eamon is an incredible support system and a rock!
You are amazing!!!
Bec you are a beautiful human. Hair is nothing, stay strong. My eyes were waterfalls seeing your pain I felt it. Eamon you’re a rockstar and such a wonderful partner 🥰🥰🥰
Love! Love! Love! ❤️
Your honesty is so encouraging to me- sending positive vibes to you both!
having to rock the bald look involuntarily is a difficult transition no doubt💔, but for the record Bec, you look incredible!!! Sending you both so much love, and shoutout to Eamon for being just a ray of supportive sunshine ☀. You two have been inspirational through every chapter of life you have shown us, this is no exeption❤
Sending you love and light
Bec you are Beautiful. Eamon, One h*** of a supporter, Love watching the channel
Lots of love and light <3 <3 <3
Bec u are so beautiful n shine so bright u can pull off any haircut💯Eamon is one lucky man
You look just what you are....a bad ass warrior woman! Kick-ass girl!
i’m so sorry bec. you are doing AMAZING! i hate to steal your shine but eamon you are the epitome of the a dream partner.
Emon is so sweet. My hair stopped growing 7 years ago. I always had long hair.. hope yours grows fast :)
Hello, just a message to say two things, firstly Bec you are stunning!!! Secondly thank you to both of you for being beautiful humans inside and out!! We love you! Xx
You look absolutely beautiful
I can't even begin to comprehend the hurt, fear and struggle you're feeling through this whole mess. Know that I'm praying that you find peace, health and endless good days through this journey as it continues. You are an absolute rockstar for sharing this intimate and authentic journey through something that most people will never know or see. You're very brave. That all being said - YOU LOOK SO COOL WITH A SHAVED HEAD! It so suits you!!! My heart broke for your tears in the moment, but Bec, you look so fricken cool. I had to take time to leave a comment to tell you. Drink your water and keep your spirits up. You're in good hands. <3
Love you back you beautiful beings🥰
You are bald. And you are BEAUTIFUL! Your gorgeous eyes absolutely stand out now. Sending you light and love as you take this journey.
How does Bec pull off every hair length/cut perfectly 😍
Eamon is SUCH AN AWESOME husband and man....what an INCREDIBLE partner to have in life....and Bec, I just sit and admire WHAT A STRONG, BEAUTIFUL woman you are!! You are both just GREAT people who belong to one another and I LOVE it!
👌♥️♥️♥️♥️🙏🏼🙏🏼💪💪💪❤❤❤❤❤❤🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼💪💪💪💪💪🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
BEC, YOU ARE SOOOO BEAUTIFUL AND STRONG!!!!!❤❤❤❤😍😍
You look amazing with hair and without.You are beautiful inside and out.
you are so incredibly strong Bec. & Eamon... the love and support. I've been following you guys for a few years now and honestly look forward to your videos so much. you are such an inspiration. all of my friends and family are rooting for you, thinking of you !!!!! PS Eamon is so right... you look Amazing bald !!!!
Sending you so much love! Bec you are a rock star. And Eamon you are such a loving, kind partner. Love you both. Keep rocking ❤️
You are so beautiful Bec, no matter what style of hair you've got. Long, short or bald, you are stunning. I love you guys and wish you all the best ❤
So many things... Bec and Eamon, your hearts are so incredibly beautiful. I am amazed at your courage, honesty and love.   Bec, the way you explained why you're not doing cold cap therapy just showed your gentleness and love. You didn't need to explain yourself to us, and the way you brought it up was just so loving and kind. You are incredibly beautiful. This is not lip service, you can legitimately pull off and rock any hair style. You. Are. Gorgeous. Inside and out. Thank you for sharing your whole journey and all the emotional ups and downs of losing your hair. I think you're creating awareness and increasing empathy. Thank you.  Eamon, your plant gift with that adorable planter... I can't. So perfect and so sweet. The way you encourage Bec is beautiful and such an amazing blessing. It encourages me to love my spouse better. Thank you.   Bec, you legitimately are GORGEOUS bald. Gorgeous. I've secretly always wanted to shave my head, but I just don't think I could pull it off. You look ah-maz-ing. Serious stunner. Thank you for sharing your emotional journey of shaving your hair. I think I too have a lot of my identity wrapped up in my hair. This was a reminder to all of us to really consider where our true worth and identity lies. Thank you. ❤❤
Bec you look so fierce!! Love!
I appreciate your candid video. It is a process and you are a Champ for sure.
Bec, you are so strong and so capable. Even in the face of sadness and hardship you keep your head up and it's a huge inspiration. Also, for whatever it's worth I think you look like Natalie Portman with your head shaved aka super crazy beautiful.
Sending love from Israel ❤️
Watching the love you two share is something truly magical. And Eamon is right Bec...you are so incredibly beautiful....with or without hair...Your beauty shines through your eyes and your smile. And although we know and watched you have hard days as well....you're totally taking on this journey warrior style 💜 Tons of love and healing vibes being sent your way from the East Coast
You are a team ❤️ and he is right. You look really good with no hair. Not anyone can pull that off. You are beautiful with hair and without. Keep being strong 💪🏻 you gonna win this! Love 💕
Bec and Eamon, you are both amazing, pure, and wonderful human beings. I think about you both every day and am always sending positivity your way!! It takes so much strength to not only go through what you are both going through, but to be transparent and to share this journey with us, just as you have shared everything else, is incredible. I think I speak for all of us when I say we love you both dearly and are thankful to be a part of this with you both, regardless of distance. Circumstances aside, we are all here for you and always sending support, love, and good vibes!
You guys are great. Bec you are doing fantastic keep It up 🥰
This was such an emotional video to watch. So admire your bravery in sharing this very personal and challenging part of your journey. I'm sure that it could help some who are going through the same thing not feel so alone. And I agree with Eamon, you look amazing. I so enjoy watching your partnership and love for each other.
Some women can make baldness beautiful. You are one of them!
Bec. Your story is as beautiful as you are! I look forward to Sunday evenings to watch you on your journey and your strength is undoubtedly that of an army.  My mother is a two time breast cancer survivor and is living life to the fullest at 72!  Prayers and love for you and Eamon!
It looks cool … maybe even BETTER.
This was a touching video. You are so strong and beautiful bec!  I love that you're embracing the baldness, it makes me so happy :) Eamon is such a great supportive partner. I cried with you through the haircut & Idk how he kept it together but I'm so proud. You can do this girl!💘✌ Thank you guys for sharing your journey with us and being so open. This is incredibly hard and emotional to not only go through but watch ❤ We love you so much! I'm so sad kara and nate weren't able to come see you.. I know how much they love you guys and wanna support you through this :)💕
You are so strong. We are here to support all the way!
What an inspiration.  Been following you guys for some years now. I love the energy you put out there and that is why you are receiving such love, light and healing from the universe 💜🌌🙏
You are so beautiful!! Your aura is so colorful, nothing even cancer can affect that!! good vibes to both of you
You guys are amazing!! Bec’s you look beautiful❤️
Sending love and strength… your inner beauty surpasses your outer beauty. 🥰
Oh Bec I’m so sorry you’re going through this. You look absolutely STUNNING with a shaved head though! Your feminine facial features really get to shine without hair. Stay strong hun and just get through this.
This is my first comment in YouTube, but your video makes me so emotional. You are an incredible and beautiful women with or without hair. I really think that you look amazing without hair too and you are so brave to share this moment with us. Eamon you are such an amazing partner, you are an example of what a couple should be. Send you lots of love from spain!
Bec asking eamon if he was ok was the most selfless and heartfelt thing I’ve ever hear BEC YOU ARE  BEAUTIFUL STRONG AND  SUCH iAND INSPIRATION praying for nothing but health and speedy and  peacefulness in your hearts ❤️❤️❤️❤️
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." -John 3:16(bible) "the wages of sin is death"-Bible. Therefore God the judge has given man the death sentence due to man's sin, but because of God's mercy, he gave himself(god incarnate/jesus)to die on a cross for the sins of the world. That means he paid our fine and if we trust in him God can legally let us go guilt free in court/judgment day and have everlasting life with Him!  "Go and sin no more!"-Jesus
How is the health care system in Canada?  I still don't understand why America doesn't have free health care like Canada.  Are they taking care of you?  You guys should make a video on Bec's experience with Canada's health care system during this whole experience!  I bet it would shed some light to the right-wing extremist that always say that Canadians come to America for health care because its better and I always get into a debate about how that's not true!  Also our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family!
OMG how could you think you don't look beautiful.  You are gorgeous no matter what because your beauty comes from inside more than ouside.  All the best in your battle.  You will WIN!!!
I can’t believe how good you look without hair
Oh man, there are no words. There is such strength even when you don't feel strong.
You look absolutely beautiful! Hair or not your beauty comes from your smile and from your love of life! Thank you for sharing sending you cancer survivor love and support!
it's good to see the honest side of this process and less of the "brave face" a lot of people put on during this crazy hard time! it's hard to watch you go threw all of this but it also feels healing getting to watch you work threw your emotions and accept and really embrace the changes happening during this time in your life. <3
Okay, I was ready to go and shave my head for no reason, cause you Bec are looking so f beautiful!!
Love you so much!!! 💞💞💞💞
Bec you are such an inspiration!!! And Eamon is right you look amazing with or without hair!! So honest and real!! Praying for you for every step of this journey!! Thank you for sharing- you are so powerful!!
I love his cone!! LOL You can rock any hair or no hair style!
Bec, I love you so much. Thank you for sharing your journey with this. Eamon, thank you for taking such good care of Bec. Sending love and light to both of you 💛
you look great with no hair but you stil have that great personality
Eamon you are so sweet to Bec. What a wonderful support partner for Bec. You guys are magical!
Thinking of you. 💗
Bec!!!!!! I NEED a link to one of the head scarves you were wearing, they are sooooooo cute! I am also bald twice now and honestly had to skip over when you were shaving your head. I just did mine 6 weeks ago and I was uncontrollably crying with you today.  Big hugs in your journey. Cancer changes us in ways not everyone understands. My heart is with you.  Sending many many prayers.
I think you are the hottest woman on You Tube and it's not because of your hair. It was hard watching your reaction to your hair loss but I later saw how your attitude bounced right back. You're one tough gal.
Eamon is the most loving, supportive partner. The way he cares for and loves Bec almost brings me to tears.  Bec, you are so strong for sharing this journey. I wish you successful treatment and strong recovery.
Bec not everyone can look beautiful when bald, you rock it!  You are now a Sundae with a cherry on top!!  You got this!!  See you Sunday, as you always say!!  This sundae is just a different sundae!!  OMG, I wrote this before you had it removed.  I will leave this comment for others going through all of this journey with you!
Omg I hadn’t noticed the Million milestone! Congratulations, you deserve it! Sending healing vibes Bec xxxx
B-E-A-UTIFUL!!!! Even in your moments of “weakness” are such moments of strength, beauty, light, and love!! I cried the whole time, but it being more about the connection and communication you and Eamon share!! Gratitude to both of you!!!!!! 🤩✨💪🥳✨😍
I love you guys 💗💖💗💛💕💞💗💗💖💖
Two of the worlds most amazing humans ❤️
Be glad that you look GREAT with no hair. Kind of a punk princess vibe! We need to get you a bunch of black leather clothing and sunglasses so you can live like you’re in the matrix for a little while 😂😂😂❤️✌🏼🌎 Love you guys. Stay strong! Pray and Believe.
Sending you both so much love. Your strength is tangible and we are all rallying behind you Bec 💚
Bec might look more beautiful without hair than with hair! I think Eamon looks better in the wigs than Bec! 😆 Sorry Bec!
Hafa Adai from Guam 🇬🇺 Praying for you both! I love your videos. I’m going back to watch your older videos to support your journey❤️
She looks so pretty bold it’s almost unfair 😭
Bec! You look stunning bald!! If I saw you I'd see a cool girl, not a sick person. Keep on goin! Both of you 💕
The strength radiates through this video Because, you are incredibly strong. I couldn’t imagine going through this, however it’s one day at a time, one foot in front of the other. We love you🤍🤍
Whooa! Bec you are awesome!
it’s heartbreaking to see you guys go through this but then I’m so happy to see how both of you are emerging strong even in the weak moments and being so real ❤️ I really can’t wait to see what’s on the other side of this for you guys!!! Sending lots and lots and lots of love xx
You are a stunning and strong woman. Love and prayers to both of you. There is no way you can be anything but beautiful and amazing.
Eamon you truly are the definition of the best kinda man a woman gets I love how supportive you are and how you always remind bec how beautiful she is I'm sure this is hard for you and your handling it like a champ....bless you and bec and what's to come lots of love and prayer
Honey Baby Doll!!! ❤️🌎 I know this is hard. I know crying and being sad is to be expected. Please try to find some good stuff to do or distract yourself from the hair k? Right now your body is getting rid of the bad stuff But unfortunately some of the good stuff goes along with it during this time. Happy endorphins serotonin and dopamine as well as oxytocin from kissing and hugging your spouse are all positive things that will physically and mentally build you up. Don’t give into the depression my love you are going to be fine and this is going to be a huge life lesson you learn so don’t let it stumble you let it become a step to take you higher on your journey. ❤️❤️❤️ Praying and believing for you. ✌🏼😊🌎 Eamon! My brother. You are doing well. Time to bust out all of your funny, cute quirks and make your love content during this tough time. Love you guys. From Albuquerque, New Mexico 🇺🇸
Sending you so much love you two. You are both so so beautiful. I'm crying alongside you in your pain. The relationship between a girl and her hair is a sacred bond and unless you've lost your hair, you can't understand the pain of losing it. I resonated so much when you said you didn't realize as you put 'how caught up in it' you were but I was the same. Losing my hair and the emotional response/insecurity caught me so off guard. You are so beautiful. Love.
You both ..are so super special!
Bec, you are so brave sharing your journey with us. You look amazing, you do! This video will help so many ppl in the same situation, and also Eamon does a such good job supporting you and is a role model in his support to others copartners. Good  buddy!  HANG IN THERE, YOU'LL MAKE IT!
I will be praying for you both ❤️❤️
I rarely comment but this time round I felt the need to let you know how beautiful you truly are inside and out Bec! Stay strong! We are all here for you! Love all the way from Hong Kong ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
so inspirational!
You are bald and so beautiful!!! Praying for you guys💗
bec how are you so beautiful with any type of hair AND no hair, honestly you're so beautiful and never forget that! i know you'll get through this and you and Eamon will have the most beautiful little babies. much love to you both, stay strong and safe ❤
Eamon should have shaved his head
More power to you ❤️❤️ you guys are amazing please stay strong and brave 🤗🤗
Sending you guys all the love ❤️ you are both just such beautiful people x
Bec This episode has been the hardest for me to watch.  You are not a vein person, loosing your hair I feel it was the hardest (well at least for me). I am a 23 year survivor and loosing my hair when your 25 and a single mother was hard. I had the hardest time with it. Watching you go through this is bringing back so many emotional feelings. You are so strong. Take the good days and enjoy them and when the bad days come curl up with a blanket because sadly you will but that is part of tue journey (a crazy one but none the less). From 1 survivor to another, Love you Bec and you are an amazing strong lady.
Beautiful!
OMG BEC THAT LOOKS INCREDIBLE ITS SO COOL IT LOOKS SO GOOD LIKE I LOVE IT ❤️❤️❤️❤️ sending plenty of love and hope you are feeling better
Hi Bec, I will continue to pray for you when I remember. You and Eamon have brought so much joy to my life over the last couple of years through your channel. You are a very beautiful person, regardless if you have hair or not! Eamon, I hope you are okay. If you are not, that is okay too. You are so strong, being strong for Bec. I am thinking of you as well. Sending all the love.
Love from Ireland !!!!
Bec you are beautiful… thank you so much for sharing… there is so much love and courage in this video… I have literally cried the whole time 💖
Bec you are so strong and SO beautiful no matter how much hair you have. I admire you for so many reasons. I'm glad you have your buddy. He's amazingly supportive and he obviously loves you very very much! You both are amazing!
came just to dislike. I hate attention seeking women
So beautiful Bec
You don't need hair for love! 💯🎯🙏💞
Bec can literally rock any hairstyle!! ❤️
Eamon, you’re such an amazing support system for beautiful Bec! Thanks for sharing your vulnerability and journey with us 💗🙏🏼
There is so much power in being able to focus on love, light and positivity while going through something like this. Truly gives me hope that no matter what happens all you need is love. Thank you for sharing this journey and for being the beautiful people you are. lots of love <3 -Zoe
I think people everywhere can relate to the sadness that would come with being forced to shave our hair bc we will be losing it. But wow, if anyone looks good bald, it's you Bec. And Eamon you are the most supportive person. Hoping for only good things and good vibes.
Thank you for sharing. You look beautiful. You and Eamon are a beautiful couple. You are both in my prayers even tho I don’t really know you ❤️
You look better bald at your age than I did at 19 when I lost my hair to chemo. I was already bald for the moat part. For mw the hard part was losing all the other body hair. Be mindful of hot/cool flashes. I swung wildly between the two.  And oh man is that taste bud thing an issue. My mouth tasted like copper for a year on chemo and made eating hard. I was obese when I started but not when I finished. Not an ideal diet but it worked.
You are beautiful no matter what. You'll get through this. When your finished with your Chemo, your hair will grow back in.
You are both such strong people as individuals but especially as a couple. The past months must have been incredibly though, but still you manage to make positive video's that help and inspire others. And Bec, looked amazing with every single haircut you had in this video. You will always be a gorgeous girl inside and out.
Ugh!! This made me cry🥺🥺. You have so much love and support Bec!!!! ❣️❣️❣️
You do look seriously amazing with a shaved head Bec, please know that!! 💕💕
<3 from the Netherlands for the both of you, Bec & Eamon
You Got this Bec!!! I have Zero Doubts!!! It’s hard, I know and no one is exp you to not break sometimes but you are So loved, So supported, So Strong, So Brave, and So ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!! You got this !!! You’re not alone !!! I love you, We love!!! Let’s go !!!!   To Eamon , You’re doing Amazing ! Take the time you need to explore what you need during this also your mental health is more important than u know during this….You are So loved and So Supported …thank you for looking after our Bec !! Take care guys !!!! Much love , positive energy, prayers, hugs, and well wishes to you All all the way from Georgia!!! We got this guys!!!!!
💪💪💪💪💪💪🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🙏🙏ESPAÑA
You look very chic with short hair!
My husband and I are 50.  We discovered your videos when our 30yo daughter came home to visit from South Africa.  So we've learned all things Eamon and Bec and Nate and Kara.   My husband said this should be required viewing for couples.   To see how vulnerable you are free to be in front of Eamon and how well he cares for and loves you.   I watched this with tears but I'm so hopeful for you.  Keeping you in prayer.
You really do look good with a short hairstyle! Like your head shape is perfect for it, silver lining eh?!
My husband went thru this I know it has to be hard sweetheart. I really think your wrap is great. Ahhhh the wig is great also
Love u guys!!!! Bec you are strong and beautiful!! I can't wait until this is behind you. Sending healing hugs. So much love to you both.
Desde ESPAÑA
You look so beautiful Bec we are so proud of you!
inspired by vegeta
Oh my goodness Bec, you are so beautiful, inside and out. I sheaded tears with you. I am sending you mental hugs and all the positive vibes I can. Keep on shining and thank you for sharing your journey.
Love the black hat and red hair
Beautiful souls!! Love watching you both! You both got this!
Keep your head up Bec. You are a trooper for sure and Eamon your are a bomb-ass man. Love you guys and ill keep checking back to see how you are both doing. Prayers!!
If you haven't heard the song "I Am Woman" I highly suggest it you are strong and fearless and it really shows in your videos .Bec you are capable to get through this with your strong will and dedication and you aren't alone. I Pray that life goes easy on you and you will get through this stronger God Bless🙏🙏
You are so beautiful Bec. Literally! Still gorgeous even without the hair. Before Eamon even said it, I was thinking .. "holy shit she rocks the hell out that look". Sending you so much love Bec. And side note.. you two are the most loving couple. You can just feel how much love there is and its so amazing to watch. So inspiring. I can only imagine the many lifetimes you shared together before this one, bc its evident that what you have built here btwn the two of you, is filled with eons and eons of lifetimes together. <3 sending you both love - so much of it.
I cried from start to finish... Bec you are a very beautiful woman.. Really, and you beautiful inside out, and loving the head gear. I am appreciative of seeing your journey Bec and Eamon, I always wonder what happens behind the scene, I love the fun the two of you have together through the good and bad.
Bec! You look gorgeous either way. Sending nothing but love and warm hugs.
Oh my gosh, Bec. I can’t help but cry when I watch these because you are so strong and you have the most amazing attitude. I wish I could just hug you! You are so damn loved. Thank you for sharing and being so vulnerable with us. You touch so many lives!
Bald is beautiful!
How could we forget 70s rocker eamon
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful no matter what. You are rocking that bald head just like you do the long hair. We all love you.
Love you guys. Stay strong. 😍
Lots of hugs and love from us! (My for dogs and me 😊) you are amazing! Where would I be able to send something?
You look gorgeous Bec!
“I look great bald!” So true !! You are truly glowing at the end!! So inspirational!!
You're really rocking the bold look. You are so beautiful.. Inside and out.. 💕💞💕
As a MTF transgender my long hair was the first thing that gave me true identity and helped me accept myself and I can't imagien losing it. You've been so strong through this whole journey just the fact you're still uploading is such an inspiration. My grandma always told me sometimes you gotta cry in order to keep your strength up 💕
Sending so much love to you both. Bec I resonate with you bc my hair plays a tremendous part of who I am and my self confidence and identity. You handle ur loss with grace and honesty. Wishing you the best and knowing that one day you’ll grow it back. 💜 Also the success you’ve both garnered is well deserved.
Ive been watching you for more than a year and im so impressed with the love you have for each other. God bless you through this journey you will make it!!!!
Be strong for each other.  Love your channel...praying for you.
It is the trendiest hairstyle of 2022 so your timing is impeccable
Love you guys!! Bec your so strong! Eamond your a amazing partner.
Bec, dear Bec... your strength and ability to be vulnerable is so incredibly inspiring. Thank you for allowing us to see this process. You're both so loved. 💜💜 *The biggest Bear Hug* 💜💜
You are so brave! I cried my eyes out. I don’t know if you know how much strength you are gifting the world with, but you are a gift. I think I can get through my day. If you can do it so can I. Thank you. You’ll never know what I struggle with, but know that you save me all the time. I love you guys—My favorite spot on the internet. ❤️🙏
Massive respect to both of you.
I'm so sorry you are having to go through having cancer. But on the up side after all of the chemo and radiation therapy when your hair grows back it will be so soft and shiny and maybe even have some body wave to it. So I pray that you are healed from this horrible disease. That God makes you strong and whole and cancer free. In Jesus name amen. 🥰🙏💐 FAITH OVER FEAR!
Hang in there guys.  We are all praying for you.
The love between you two is palpable through the screen. Its so healing to feel it. And what an amazing milestone to welcome a million friends to the channel!
You are strong Bec! I know it is easier said than done (especially for a self-aware and proud woman such as you) but do not worry about something that will come back. Your body now needs all the power it has for fighting this stupid cancer. You will find this strength in yourself and together with Eamon and your family you will sit by the fire pit a few years from now and just realise one thing: how strong and bad-ass you really are! You will realise that you will not be brought done by something like this and you will come out of this stronger and more beautiful than ever. Short, hair, long hair... it does not matter. True beauty comes from your eyes, your smile and your personality!
lots of love and you are beatiful as always inside and outside. You are both great is good you have someone that makes you happy
Sending so so so much love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
you are beautiful ❤️ here in the Philippines we say "only the most beautiful can give justice" and you are so much more.. Praying for your health. Godbless you and Eamon..
You are beautiful inside and out. Stay positive and you will come out stronger. 🥰
Sending so much love and hugs your way. And crying with you. Bec you're so strong and beautiful, with or without your hair. Eamon, you're such an amazing partner.  Thank you for sharing this journey, I'm learning things that I hope to never need, but it's good to know just in case.
Continued Hugs and Prayers.
Bec get outta here with how hot you are bald!!😍😍 gorgeous girl, with or without hair!! 💗
Bec you are amazing. I got sick and had a pulmonary embolism in 2020 (just before covid hit). It was scary and I struggled with self care, I had my daughter cut my hair down to 2". I found it freeing and so easy to care for. I also want to say Ty for introducing me to Athletic Greens. I'm by far not an athlete, I'm a 48yr old grandmother who struggles with iron deficiency. After 3 days with AG, I've felt better than I have in years. I have energy and even my colour in my face has improved. I'm keeping up with my grandson and getting outside daily. It's help increase my stamina and my mood has improved so much. It's worth every dollar. I'm just finishing my first month and have a new package on the way. I'm getting my blood work done this week, and can't wait to see the results. Wishing you all the best from a fellow Canadian. ❤️ 🇨🇦
So Beautiful and Bec your so brave!    LOve you both.
Oh my goodness! You look BAD ASS bald. You can definitely pull that off. This totally proves it... you are 500% beautiful both inside and out.
We love you  no matter if you have hair or not. Love you bunches. God bless you and your family.💝
Love you and know you’ve so many subscribers that think you are our sister, best friend and all around amazing human.  I cried and laughed with you and Lee absolutely is with you.  Your beauty comes from within ~ think of hair as being sprinkles on a yummy cupcake.  Love and prayers.  YOU’VE THIS ❤️‍🩹 Wig name ~ Harriett
You guys are so beautiful!  Bec, my god you’re gorgeous and it shows more without your hair xoxoxoxox
I just can't express how much respect I have for the two of you. Sending all the love and strength you need. Bec you are so beautiful and you have a more beautiful soul! Eamon is such a strong and loving partner and that is heartwarming to see. I shared some tears because this was so relatible cause my mum went through the same thing. You guys rock ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Oh Bec, I don't even know where to start. This episode was such an emotional rollercoaster. My heart breaks for you and Eamon. I want you to know that with or without your wig - you are strong and beautiful. Thank you for sharing your experience with us. Praying for continued strength, endurance and healing on your journey.
Short hair looks great. Love you Bec. You are a sister. Eamon is a great loving husband. I did it alone. I go in this week to see if breast cancer is gone. Blessing and healing to all women today facing the same. Bec you are a beautiful lady.
You two are beautiful!!!
Sending lots of love and prayers to you and yours we all have journeys and thanks for your sharing yours and know that you are helping others you are not alone. You are beautiful. Our tents (bodies) house our spirit and that is what make you you☺️
Dear Bec,  You are soo strong, you have no clue. I have nothing but admiration and respect for you. Yes losing your hair is like losing a part of your identity. But trust us, no one can take away  your identity even if you tried because you are a beautiful person inside and outside. we are praying you get done with chemo and bounce back to health as soon as possible emerging much more beautiful and stronger than before. P.S: Loving your look! you look beautiful no matter what you do with you r hair.. <3
When you have a bob or bald, your eyes stand out so much! You look beautiful with any hair style and with no hair! The beauty radiates from the inside out ❤️ wishing you the best of luck and fortune. You got this 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
Go organic whole food plant based.  F the doctors.  Dairy did this to you.
I'm so proud of you two💕 thank you for taking us on this journey with you all, we all care so very much.
Oh, Bec. I went through this with my mom last year. You are going to get through this. Hugs to you. A rainbow is coming.
You look AMAZING!!! Thank you for sharing your journey
Looks great. So awesome to own your journey. Hugs always!
I lost most of my hair after multiple stillborns and miscarriages. I’m currently pregnant, (which is terrifying) and so emotional watching your IVF and hair loss journey. Although I haven’t had cancer I feel so deeply for you on a personal level. You’re in my prayers and not to be weird but I know Lee is watching over you. You’ve got this! Go CRAZY with the wigs! Buy crazy colors your never normally do and as horrible as it can be, I swear some wigs will make you feel like a fancy celebrity! (Even some inexpensive ones!!  Sending so much love!
Sending love and prayers 💜💕💜
Bec - you look fabulous with short hair.  It really suits you.   I have heard that the new hair that regrows is often better than you ever expected - so you have some great hair styles to look forward to!
Just love on Emon loving on Bec 😊❤️ God bless you on both on your healing journey.  May your testimony give hope to others and glory to GOD. 🙏
Bald and beautiful!!!
Eamon is right. Bec you look beautiful in every hairstyle, especially shaved!
I think tou both are amazing I love your positive attitude to life Bec I think you are such a strong women and eamon is such a supportive husband I really enjoy watching your videos and follow your journey with you both you are an inspiration to the world 🌎  xxx
I adore your haircut, not to mention your attitude. You got this Bec!
I love you guys so very very much. Sending loving white light your way ♥️
You are such a support to other sufferers and are so wonderfull. Sending all love and best wishes to a great couple of humans. May your days be filled with love and happiness.
You are not alone. My mother is going through the same thing. I wish you the best!
Thank you for everything! Every kind word! This video took me on an emotional rollercoaster. Much love to you both💗
You are beautiful Bec.
The plant was the sweetest thought omg
Sweetheart you are sooo stunningly amazingly beautiful on the outside and within x your hair makes no difference to who you are x much luv to you both x
There was a bike racer that used to grow his hair in the off season & shave it all off for "Fightin' season". Your just getting prepared for "Fightin' season"! So bald head doesn't mean 'sick'. Getting a head in a box - now that's sick!😅 All the best with the chemo & remember,  hair grows back.
Your look reminds me of Persis Khambatta  as Lieutenant Ilia in  "Star Trek the Motion Picture". Bald is beautiful, I'm embracing that too as I lose my formerly thick shoulder length hair to advancing age.  Strength, perseverance and love to both of you!
Hola Hermosa, Te veo y te abrazo en la distancia, me siento muy honrada de que me permitas caminar en la distancia contigo y verte tan vulnerable y a la vez tan poderosa. Gracias amiga Bec,. te mando mis oraciones y mis respetos desde Mexico.
be srong !!!!!!
Loosing her hair really affected my wife when it happened. She was really attached to it, until she wasn’t. To me she still, and always, was beautiful. You are beautiful also.
❤️❤️
💖💞💓💝
You are beautiful inside and out bec! Big hug to the both of you! In my prayers! ❤️😊
You are both so brave and beautiful ❤ thank you so much for your wonderful videos and your strength, sending you both so much love and light always xxx
I have followed you guys for a long time. I have to say this content is so authentic, inspiring, heartfelt, difficult at times and just true life. Your videos are so beautifully done. And in a van or not, you both are on this incredible journey with all the beauty and difficulties that life has for us all. And here you both are in grace and love sharing it with the world….literally the world. I hope you both know that all of this is so much more than a video or a glimpse of your lives. You are teaching and mentoring the world on life and love, highs and lows, joy and sorrow, happiness and grief in your unique and beautiful way that is authentically Eamon and Bec. I wonder if you both will ever know just how far reaching your connection is with your fans and indeed the world. I hope you do. In this video I was moved through the whole gamete of emotions and the relatability of it all. I hope we, your audience, provide you both with the support, love, kindness, grace and authenticity that your videos have given us. I send you both warm thoughts of love and healing ❤️‍🩹.
i cannot believe how many hairstyles one person can pull off. you look so beautiful Bec. ♥️
Sending prayers to you and your family. You are so strong and beautiful, Bec. 💕
Hey Bec. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are gorgeous and look amazing bald. I am about to do my 2nd hair donation for kids with cancer here in South Africa after loosing my dad to cancer a few years ago. Seeing stories like yours is such an inspiration to keep donating. Stay positive and all the best for your chemo journey.
Absolutely amazing :)
I always react while watching the video…..Bec a “mole” sounds like such a crazy name, you could better call it a “moedervlek” that is Dutch for a mole. In translation it means mother patch……much better ❤️ you are such a amazing woman for sharing all of this 😘
💕💕💕💕💕Ur both amazing! Stay strong both of u! 💕💕💕💕💕
Bec!  You look like SUCH a BADASS STRONG Woman!!!  I actually love this look on you!  Your natural beauty shines though and you 100% Rock this look!
So proud of you
❤️
When the head is truly bald, if you find wigs as uncomfortable as I did (especially right after chemo) consider bringing in someone who does henna art. It’s a beautiful canvas from which to work.
You are both amazing and strong during this jounery!
I feel so blessed to know you guys. You two are so special and I so appreciate you sharing your ups and downs with all of us ❤️ Bald Bec is a hottttt bec ❤️‍🔥
i love hearing about you guys xoxo i really hope you are doing fine <3 bec, you look so good with seriously any haircut! the bob was super cute! the new wig looks exactly like you!! i loved the drone shots theyre really nice. keep up the great work you guys are doing great ❤❤i wish you all the best, a smooth and easy ride. big love from montreal :)
You remind me of Sinead O'Connor with her shaved head.  Beauty is on the inside and that makes you one very beautiful babe.  God Bless you, you can do this Bec's, and Eamon you are a trooper, your love and support really shines through. Lx
Cancer might take your hair, but it cannot touch your smile!  Stay strong!
Sending you both so much love and light ❤️💫 You look beautiful, Bec ❤️
Ah Bec 🥰🥰 You ARE beautiful. Your inside goodness shines bright ✨ Gotta say though, you’re giving off super strong G.I.Jane vibes. The bald look suits you 😍😍 Big hugs to you and to Eamon (who deserves a medal for his strength and support that he’s showing you). You two are the best team! Sending you so much love and light xx
Inspirational beyond belief ❤️❤️❤️
You guys are so funny! I love y’all’s comedy and you’re helping me get through college currently! Thank you so much!
To both of you lovelies… I love that you allow us to share you burden! I weep with each new challenge. But I want you both to know… I shave my head out of choice (it’s still all growing), an now I’m thinking Bec looks SUPER HOT!!! You got to look out Eamon… I might steal your girlfriend! Much love to both of you!!! X x
Now i think her face shows her real her , and i love it soooo much!!!! Both of u are so strong. You are great people. Send much love !!!<33
Bec, so beautiful inside and out, with or without hair. Empowering to watch you embrace your baldness xx
❤❤❤ Love your Beauty! Inside and out!
Eamon. You are an amazing man! Example for most! Your love for Bec is so pure. She is so very lucky. You guys are so free and positive through the toughest times. My prayers and best wishes go to you both through these rough time from my family in Lake Tahoe to yours!💚💙💚
Oh Bec! I wish I was as strong like you
I remember the day I parted form my hair on my journey. You doing wonderful. I reacted the same way. But truth for me my hair/head hurt so much I could not wait to shave it off.
Praying for you, Bec ❤. Isaiah 66:13.
Wow absolutely gorgeous! You really pull it off! As a hairstylist I’ve shaved off some hair of cancer patients and it’s never easy. I’ve always been told how freeing it is though. Thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing on this space. I’m in awe of your strength. Both of you are truly beautiful souls ♥️♥️♥️
Love you guys! Sending strength!
"You don't need hair for love!"
You are so incredibly beautiful with or without your hair.  Your beauty shines so bright from from your inner soul and we all learn so much from your ability to shine your light on the world!
You are beautiful inside and out Bec, and Eamon, you are a fantastic partner! Sending love and healing thoughts ❤
You look absolutely gorgeous bald! You look beautiful either way, but honestly, even after all of this, you should totally rock the bald look! You are so strong Bec. Such an inspiration to all. Thinking about you guys :)
I'm honestly surprised Eamon didn't also shave his head.   However, Bec you are a rockstar. Keep fighting the fight!!
Totally! 😁
Although I could not imagine or even begin to know what you two are experiencing, I believe that things are brought to you for guidance and hope during your trying times. I don’t think it was coincidence that you ran into a dr. Who also had cancer. I have noticed in each video little miracles like this one. You are not alone. You are incredibly strong even at times you may feel otherwise. Eamon is incredibly strong even though at times he may not feel otherwise. My family is praying for you ❤️
You remind me of G.I. Jane...such a warrior!
You are even more beautiful without the hair. Inner beauty is all that counts and from afar you have lots of that. Heal and be well.
I hope you ll be fine after chemo take care and be strong
Bec you're stunning in all the hairstyles. And to both of you, your strength and love is absolutely inspiring and beautiful to see. That's the kind of positive energy that can help you overcome any obstacle thrown your way. Love you!
Im smiling with you through all the tears God bless you
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
You two are such genuine people. Sending you both lots of positive healing energy. 💕💕💕
I was diagnosed in january, I just feel the exact same way right now. Got all the feels and it’s seriously so good to watch this and follow your journey ♥️ stay strong and yes you loook so stunning bald
You look great Bec and you are doing great. Lots of love to both of you.
I cried with you because it is hard and because you were sad. Please don’t be sad, Bec. We love you and the most important thing is u get thru treatment. Eamon ur doing a really great job being a best friend. Bec it is pretty cool to see how good u look without ur hair! U really are beautiful with and without hair! The long wig is just amazing and really puts you right back to what you look like with long hair! I like the little leopard cap also and even the ball cap with red hair looks pretty darn good! I’m so sorry this was hard on you. Love from Nashville
Damon is right.  You are beautiful
BIG HUGS to you both! <3 Namaste <3
Bless you.  You're so strong.
You are beautiful Bec! Your positivity shines through!  Praying for you!
You are so pretty! You look beautiful with hair and with bo hair. It will grow back so fast! A few years ago I decided to shave my hair, I had super long waist level hair. 3 years later my hair is back to where it was before I shaved it ❤️ of course it’s not the same, but you look gorgeous now and hair will grow back so fast after you are done with treatment ❤️❤️❤️
I have been following y'all for about a year now and always appreciate the love and friendship shared by the two of you with each other. Beautiful humans <3
Poor dog! I'm sorry I laughed but the way he rolled his big butt of that bed. Why does he have to wear a cone?
I love you Bec ❤️The tears I had for you watching your hair being shaved ! basically bawling for you. But your so strong and Beautiful .
Name the wig, Wignona
You look absolutely stunning bald! Not a lot of people can pull that look off, but you definitely can! You’re so strong for what you’re going through! you’re going to come out on top of all of this and look and feel better than ever! Always remember you have your wig and you’ll soon have the wig made of your own hair! 💖😊
So much love for you both!
I love the look keep rocking it
I love you both so much. I have always looked up to you Bec but I could not admire more your strength of heart and how much light you radiate, even when things feel heavy. Eamon’s ability to still make you laugh and smile through it all is so special. My heart is with you both 💛
My 8 yr old daughter, Samantha,  and I just watched your video and she wanted me to tell you that you are beautiful , and that she loves your smile. She says that she will be saying a special prayer for you every night.
I think it is really amazing you asked Eamon how he is doing. This is obviously so hard for you, Bec but also so hard for the family as well.. Bec you are amazing and Eamon you are a wonderful caretaker and companion, I hope you know it's ok for you not to be ok and to fall apart sometimes even when you want to be strong for Bec.
I know there is nothing we can say to make things better for you. You are incredibly strong and beautiful. In our heads we know its "just hair" and it does not define us but I know at times thats hard to see and believe. I work with a young lady that has alopecia. She wears a wig all the time but honestly I see her and her personality. Her hair loss does not define our friendship. I know its always in the forefront of her thoughts. She has days where it does not bother her but then out of the blue grieving hits. The same with you. Your wonderful support group loves you for you not what you look like with or without hair. Prayers!
You are beautiful...with or without hair. You will laught about this in the future.
Bec I totally understand having your hair as part of your identity.  I could say the same thing about mine.  You are beautiful on the inside and out no matter what.  Eamon  is right.  He is such a sweet and supportive person.
You are such a beautiful person Bec, inside and out.. you are sooo much more than your hair.. all my love to you and Eamen for loving you thru this ❤️
You look beautiful
Looking good Bec! You’ve got a great shape head and absolutely rocking 🤘🏼 ✨  it!! ♥️ sending you both love! So lucky to have Oso and Eamon by your side x
Your strength and love for each other is amazing. What a hard thing to do by videotaping it all, but so healing too and it will help SOOO many people.  Love your smile girl!!
Bec and Eamon. Love you you both. Feel our love for you. Be blessed. Speedy recovery Bec. Xxx
I love you Bec! ❤️
Bec you are beautiful. I am so glad you got to a place that you are comfortable. Sending hugs and love
Bec my heart was so filled by the end of this video! I cried along with you and then to see your beautiful spirit shine through by the last minutes is such an inspiration!!! So much love to you both 🙏🏻❤️💕🌈🌞🥰
“You don’t need hair for love” -Eamon 🥰
New subscriber here….and I feel all the emotions just watching this. Battled cancer when I was 30 and a new Mom. Thanks for sharing your story. God bless you both and may you find healing in every possible way.  Also, I’m sure you being vegan has helped your health tremendously. So that’s such a blessing….you’ve given your body the ability to fight well. 💪   P.S. Is that Boho beautiful? Love that you guys stretch together 😍
She looks like Sorelle Amore
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so beautiful! Your hair doesn't make you, your personality,  caring and loving heart, and how you can be yourself no matter what is what makes you. I love y'all and look forward to this journey with you.
Your journey is so beautiful <3
One of my very best friends is going through treatments for breast cancer currently. When she lost her hair, it wasn't easy in the least. She also got a wig made out of her own hair and it gave her some confidence, but now she just rocks her bald head and it's so inspiring. She's one of the strongest people I know and will beat the hell out of cancer and come out of it better than ever. Just like you will, Bec.
Cancer isn’t something you should be embarrassed to have girl!!!! Let people think what they want to think and you just worry about being happy and healthy and kicking this cancers ass 💓💓💓💓
I love you all your fans do
I started following you a couple months before this journey and I feel like it was gods way of making me appreciate the little things a lot more!! Everything about this is so beautiful!!
I’m am appreciative of your brutal honesty throughout this journey.  Having not been close to anyone who has had cancer, you are raising such an awareness of the things you have to go through. I imagine you would be such a support for other experiencing similar journeys. Bec, your beauty shines from within therefore you will always be stunning.  Stay strong and thank you for sharing this time in your lives with us.
hi i've been subscribed for almost three years (i just turned 18!) i never really leave a comment just sometimes but i just want to say that i have looked up to you Bec. you're so incredibly honest with your feelings, always beaming with positivity and light, and in a way i think you're the kind of person that i want to be when i'm older :] i'm sure it's been hard on you but i just want to say that you're beautiful no matter what and we're sending you lots of love. you will get through this!  you and eamon are so so strong but my gosh you!!! you got this Bec we're all rooting for you <3
The most real and honest vlog I've seen. We're with you Bec and Eamon! We'll get you through this 🤗 ♥
You’re gorgeous and you’re brave! You got this! I cried with you love and I’m so proud of you for getting through it! One day at a time!
You guys are amazing and so strong. The love you have for each other is so beautiful. Thankyou for sharing your journey with us all. The way you are handling it all is such an inspiration. x
Anytime Beck cried I cry. Im sitting at my desk at work crying (should have watched this video at home). Ive been watching you guys for a long long time now and i care so much about you. Sending the best vibes to both of you and so much love ❤️❤️❤️
G.I.Jane up in here. Good job girl you look badass.  Shout out to Eman for being so strong for her.
You guys are so strong and your videos are extremely pure. I love you guys. You can keep going. And Bec you look amazing. Sending lots and lots of love
You have such a pretty face, no hair suits you so well
Oh man, this brings back memories. Less than a year since I shaved off my wife’s hair. Was emotional!! Kudos to you both.
I adore how supportive Eamon is at the moment, you two are both going through a rough time and he is just making it so positive. You are so strong Bec and I can say that I think everyone is so proud of you, thank you so much for sharing your story, know this will help so many people struggling with cancer and their hair loss journey. <3
You´re such a beauty in and out, and we all love you so much, all my prayers to you, queen!
I think you look beautiful.  I think that the ladies who do this radiate beauty. Through support programs we have they have professionals teach how we can wear makeup,  but really few people need it.  And the hats oh my have fun and just embrace this short term look. You are amazing.
You are so beautiful Bec!!!!!! I send you all my love and support from Spain❤️
Im crying for you with my heartfelt prayers i truly think you beautiful regardless of ur hair ..ur gorgeous  in and out and for ur hubby with so much love for u😊😊😊
Bec, your beautiful with or without hair❤️
Bec you are the most beautiful person inside and that shines outside every single second. You are an inspiration to so many people and the impact you have made on other peoples lives is unbelievable. THANK YOU FOR BEING YOU. We are with you every step of the way. Sending you all the love and kindness
You literally look incredible 😍
Hi! Thank you for sharing this part of the journey. Glad you have each other! Sending Love and prayers!❤️❤️
Your hair does not define you.  You know this.  And it was lovely that you checked in with Eamon at the end.  You are both on this journey together.  Love to you both. ❤️
Sending you so much love and light ❤️
Beck you are a badass. I am a new subscriber since Jan & watching your journey is beautiful. The voice you're giving to women who've gone through or will go through is invaluable. Shout out to Ramon for all the support you give to Beck. Thank you.🙏❤️
You're amazing Eamon with the support you give your girl.  Bec you are beautiful with hair or without hair, it's your soul that shines bright.
So touching you guys. Thank you so much
Wowsa you look beautiful without hair !  I wished I could pull it off as good as you ! Stay positive positive positive…..
I just want to hug you! When Eamon finished shaving your hair, and you looked up from the mirror you looked RADIANT. You have such a light around you, that not even cancer can dim! Much LOVE, PRAYERS and HEALING from Texas.
I’m sad I came across your page at this time but now I can’t stop watching your videos y’all are amazing
Just found out the company she shipped her hair to (Compassionate Creations) uses donations with dyed hair. I hope to donate my own hair in a few years.
In addition to that Bec you look amazing ..you are beautiful inside and out and even without your long hair...
@eamon what "color" are your blundstones?
You are an inspiration to us all!
You are beautiful!!
🦊❤️
bec not many people can pull off the bald look but you look absolutely beautiful bald 100%, it really brings out your eyes. i agree with one of the comments that you have to wear a bob for a bit, in fact i think a pixel cut would look so so good on you! and when you are not feeling it, the wig and the hat looks amazing on you too. sending you loads of love and strength <3
Hang in there. You should continue to have the strength and support to deal with your journey. Stay strong.
You are so very beautiful Bec!  Love and prayers for you both through this journey!!!
Bald Bec looks cute
You are so beautiful!
Bec you look so beautiful and you are so strong 💪 love you guys
I go from crying to laughing in minutes with you guys 💕🦋 thank you for sharing such an intimate journey with us🥺 sending lots of healing energy and love 🥰
You look gorgeous with or without your hair.  It’s your personality that shines through.  You got this, cancer got nothing on you.  You have awesome people around you to help you get through this.  Stay strong and sending lot of love to you.
Bec, let's face it you were hot with hair :) But, Bec with no hair - oh wow! You look stunning! Rock it hun! All the best to you both from the UK. x
I was crying together with Bec. I am so happy that you have Eamon, to say you what is on everyone's mind - you look stunning 💕
I have been following your channel for a long time...this is my first comment ...I am in tears maybe because I see the courage and strength you both have..I adore you both ( coming from a retiree who loves to watch YouTube rather than watch movies)..Bec you are one amazing woman,I am praying for you ..I know and feel in my heart ❤️ you can get through this...keep the faith and trust in the Lord afterall He is the ultimate Healer...Eamon you are such an incredible person you truly love Bec and it shows.Your followers truly cares for you both and praying for you..Prayers hugs and kisses.
Eamon, your awesome man
♥♥♥♥
you look Beautiful
Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair! You are amazing! Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Looking bald and beautiful Bec, always! And I say go wild with the wigs when you want to rock them.
❤️❤️❤️
You are both beautiful on the outside and also the inside.  The love and support you show for one another makes my heart sing.  Bless you both.
You stand there so strong!  I am in tears, you documented this journey so beautifull and pure  Wishing you all the strength and love you need on each point/day in this difficult journey
Oh my goodness Bec, you really do look great with long hair, short hair, no hair!! Your so lucky you have one of those pretty shaped faces. Eamon is right, you really are beautiful with any style hair. I like it so much, i'm cutting all mine off to. I am getting older and hate my hair on my neck. I know i wont look as cute as yours but i really love your new look. I love you and Eamon, what beautiful souls you both have. Keep strong,you so got this Bec. And I swear you look great. (what a cutie). Hugs, see you both next week, i hope!!
Dear Bec, you are a strong woman and God is with you! And you really do look beautiful without hair. 🤍
Honestly Bec, you look like J.I. Jane, so badass!!
Dearest Bec, you are gorgeous with or without hair, for one simple reason. Your beauty shines from within, and you are shining ever so brightly even as you are going through this. Thank you for being honest with us, and showing us that it's okay to feel devastated over losing your hair. I am sure it will inspire many others who might go through something like this. Also, I've heard that once your hair grows back, it will grow back even stronger and pretty. I'm not sure it's possible for you to have even prettier hair than you did, but I have no doubt you will prove me wrong. Thank you for bringing us on your journey. I lowkey want Eamon to shave his off too, just for the giggles haha. Also if you need any video ideas, I'd love to see how the property is looking right now at the end of winter/spring starting. All the best guys, and stay safe and strong <3
I love you guys😌
Thank you for bringing us along on your journey
GI Jane , you are amazing! My wife has watched you for years and got me watching love you both. You have blessed us with you’re adventure’s. Thank you
Eamon in this video is a vibe that everyone needs.
I think it's amazing to see how you both grow through this. It's not easy but it's just amazing to see that even if it isn't easy, there are good days in between. Love you and I hope you guys keep everything up. And Eamon is an amyzing partner. ❣️💞
You two DEFINE love and Sabr.   If i have a baby , Sabr is my choice for a name. Patience in arabic
Wish you all the best bec. Your in my family’s prayers
You’re so strong 🥺😍 so proud of you! Praying for your speedy recovery 🙏🏼
we will always love you bec en i hope you will be better fast but take all the time you need love you bec
Bec honestly you pull off bald amazingly! Seriously it emphasizes how great your cheekbones and facial features are!
Love you Bec <3
You look cute and beautiful with every hair style Bec. Stay strong girl, you are going to get through this. It looks like you have great support and are surround by people who love you not to mention all of the virtual support on here. XO
Girl freaking power !!!!!! So beautiful vibrant & brave ! Thanks for sharing this hardship and inspiring everyone around you !  Thank yewwww 🤟🏼
Heeeeey Bec, I NEVER comment anything on the internet, but I think that might reach you, but at least my intentions did. <3 SO MUCH LOVE FOR YOU GUYS FROM BRAZIL <3
Bec, you look amazing! You look like Furiosa 🤘
I’ve been in tears.. your love is beautifull and you guys are both so strong❤️ I remember the hair cutting moment with my mom when she got breastcancer and its rough to say the least.. Keep hugging and loving ❤️❤️❤️
You are beautiful inside and out and shout out to Eamon for being a great side kick for you and support system!
I've watched your videos for 2 years now and I don't think I've ever cried this hard before.  Got one thing out of this video Bec, your strength makes me so damn PROUD to be a woman in this generation. Praying for you and Eamon and sending you both love all the way from Papua New Guinea (South Pacific).
My wife and I are sending you and your family lots of love and good vibes! Big hugs from Amsterdam! 🥰
Bec you are very beautiful with no hair. Eamon isn't just saying it you truly are :) Love from Ottawa
And bec asks - are you ok? Cmon! You’re the cutest and you’re so gorgeous inside and out!
So Beautiful Bec!
It's beautiful. You are beautiful. God Bless you and your family!!!!
You are so brave. My love and prayers are being sent to you. Ps. What usually happens is your hair grows back with beautiful curls.
Bec, your grace and self love and kindness and vulnerability is so inspiring my love! You have so so got this! 💜💜
Yes, it is the closest we've ever been, Bec. You are so beautiful inside and out. Sending good healing vibes and Agape love 💕. Keeping you both in my thoughts and prayers.
Sending hugs and prayers for you Bec. Get well soon.... always remember that you're so beautiful 😇🙏  So much respect for you Eamon... youre the man!  God bless to the both of you. ❤️
I am praying for you every single day my grandmother died when I was 24 of Cancer, but I know you have this beat you're such a strong and uplifting person, and you have a very good support system, and your husband is awesome, keep trucking on and I know everything will be ok
You are so loved. Congratulations on your 1 million subscribers. ❤️❤️❤️
I've never been a bigger fan of Eamon!  I'm so grateful you have SUCH an amazing partner Bec!  You look fierce and beautiful!!!  🌹💓💕❤️
Beautiful and brave Bec.  Eamon what a rock you are for her. :) Cheers!
Bec you are so incredibly strong it is so admiring and you are beautiful with or without hair! You've got this 💪 x
Seeing this kind of relationship reminds me why I keep my standards so high. You guys are beautiful- thank you so much for sharing your journey and vunerability to the world. Superstars!
Bec, Eamon is right, you ROCK that bald head, girl! I shaved my head when the pandemic hit, and it was the most liberating thing. Rock what ya got girl!!
The shaved head is my favorite on you so far!  It really brings your beauty to the forefront, without having to compete with the long hair.  Love it!!!!
Bec you are so amazing, incredibly gorgeous, and you have the most kind heart. I've been watching ya'll for years, and your internet fam is so here for you! You continue to inspire. Love you guys, keep strong!
U look amazing like mille Bobby brown. Beautiful
You look and are totally beautiful! Xxx
I had to shave my mom's hair I am 12 years old
Eamon shave your head too
Bec, you're a pretty girl with or without hair. You really are.
Sending you both healing love and light. I lost my hair at 16 after therapy for a brain tumor. it's such an emotional thing to go through.After it grew back, I didn't cut my hair for years! Then at 40, I cut it super short! I loved having short hair! You are obviously not alone on this journey. May all the love & support lift you up each day. xoxo
Following your journey Bec and Eamon you are an amazing beautiful woman bec you got this 100% sending heartfelt ♥
You are absolutely beautiful and have an amazing soul bec😍💜💖 and eamons support is unmatched and absolutely amazing.
You're soooo beautiful Bec no matter what!! You are so strong and I send all my love and hope to you! <3
you look  beautiful anyways!!!
You kinda have some Halsey facial features! Now even more!
The way y’all love each other is the best part of watching your channel. Thank you for sharing your journeys with us. Much love to you guys.
You are a blessing to so many. Thank you for sharing your journey. Love you guys!
Oh Bec, it looks like u were thinking u were loosing your identity but omg i think you found a new part if yourself, you are stunning and omg beautiful on the inside. Sending love and strength x
More power to both of you. 💪
Sending prayers
I haven’t watched the video yet, just saw the thumbnail.  Wow you are gorgeous!  You have a beautiful face!
Sending you lots of love beck. Stay strong. I have a good idea, why not ask eamon to shave his head too, for support. Think it would help.xx
You two are amazing and your love shines like liquid joy.
Bec I haven’t even watched the video due to things going on right now, but from one cancer survivor to another, Honey from your thumbnail you look like the beautiful strong warrior that you are. Keep on fighting!  Love you ❤️
❤❤❤
https://youtu.be/6gFFvqM1-kY  Praying for you Bec and Eamon! Heard this song and wanted to share it with you because music has helped me through so much xo
I’ve watched every episode (with a thumbs up 👍) seen your ups and downs through out this pandemic. You’ve helped me get through this and probably so many others. I have been watching the last couple months crying for you both wishing I could help in anyway possible. But I know how strong you both are! You are always in my prayers 🙏 💜
You are magnificent and i'm honored to see you go down your path,  brave brave lady.
Try a silk pillow sheet , it should help you and feel more comfortable on your head when you are sleeping
OMG YOU REMIND ME SO MUCH OF ELEVEN FROM STRANGER THINGS. Seriously you look so good with a shaved head. You rock this look.
My mom has cancer and she is amazing she is going through radiation right now, and yes tingling is hair loss. Love you Bec you got this come oni got you if you have questions you can ask me. I am here to bring you up and not to tare you down ❤❤❤💞💞💕💕
Bec, on the other side you can look ahead to the chemo curls, you will look adorable with a head full of curls!
Thank you guys for taking care of each other♥️ this is hard times and you'll come out of it even stronger toguether. I lost my dad to cancer and the little army around him made him feel so much better. All about the good energy! And the gift Eamon gave you is really wonderful, you guys are amazing. And ps you are right bald is beautiful on you, but I also like the wigs xx you are just beautiful inside and out
Oh my god i cant believe it you look so pretty
I admire you both SO SO much!!!!  Love you!!
Your doing so well God bless you both I feel like I want to shave my hair off to surport you 💜
I am so happy that you have Eamon to keep the mood light around you.. I lost it when he put your wig on.. LOL. You are so amazing Bec!
You look stunning. You are still you no matter what 🤍
You look amazing bald!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful. Seriously, I love it long, I love it in a Bob (which makes you look like you’re 20), and no hair is stunning on you.
Such a minor thing to comment on but I wanted to say - I have mole just like that on my head too. I named it Bob.
You are so brave to share all of this.  <3  Sending you all the good healing vibes.
So much love and positive vibes your way!!!
Love to you! <3
Name it Moria Rose!!!
Bec I am in AWE of you 💕
A lot of women have the same connection to their hair that Bec did...and a lot of women learn that they too look beautiful without their hair. Bec, you look great and I'm really happy to see you sharing this journey so that others who come after can be comforted in knowing that it's ok to be unhappy about these changes. Chemo is hard on the body - keep your spirits up, I'm looking forward to more travel videos!
People wearing masks look sick too. Like perpetual hospital patients.
Oh, Bec! I wanted to hug you so many times watching this. Praying for the both of you during this transition in your lives. BTW - You're amazingly beautiful with a bald head. No bulls**t 💗
Bec, I understand how hard it is emotionally to lose your hair but YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!!!
BECS LOOK LIKE A ROCKSTAR!!! SHE'S BEAUTIFUL WHATEVER HAIR CUTS!!LOVE YOU BEC!!
I’ve watched yalls videos before but the raw ness of these new type of  videos really hits the soul to what people are going through! Thank you so much for sharing your very personal journey! The good the bad without sugar coating it! Y’all two inspire me beyond measure the way y’all work together on everything in life! All I have to say is y’all got this!!!
I'M SORRY BUT YOU LOOK MOST BEAUTIFUL AU NATUREL, I WANT TO SAY DON'T HIDE BEHIND THE HAIR... YOU ARE VERY BEAUTIFUL, BUT I GUESS ITS EASY FOR ME TO SAY COZ I'M NOT GOING THRU WHAT U ARE BRAVELY GOING THRU, I HOPE I'M EXPRESSING MYSELF ...NOT WRONGLY HERE.... N EAMON CANNOT BE WRONG, U ARE HOT. COZ I WANT TO GO BALD MY HEAD NOW N DONATE MY HAIR NOW!!! N EAMON GO PUT JAMES BLUNT YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL SONG NOW N GO DANCE WITH YOUR BEAUTIFUL LADY....NOW MAN!
You are surrounded by love, Bec. From all over the world. It is nothing you have to do and stop anytime it feels too much for you, but sharing this journey with others is helping. It's positive. Every person needs to know all their feelings during the cancer journey are valid and they don't need to hide it. Every tear, every bit of anger, every moment of comedy or joy. All of it is important. You are forever and always beautiful!
So beautiful 💛
You guys are so amazing to share this journey with us. Sending loads of love for you both and keeping you in my thoughts.
Honestly, I don't like Eamon, he's like the Rescuer and has always been. And Bec seems to be stuck in a Victim's cycle - a bit like Stockholm syndrome.
日本語でごめんね  私もスキンヘッドです おじさんなので　 髪の毛の生える可能性は0%です  あなたは病気が治れば 必ず元の綺麗な髪の毛は 生えてきますよ。  少しの間　我慢して 治療に専念してくださいね。  必ず春は来ますから。
OMG Bec your **** gorgeous with no hair!  Sending you lots of positive vibrations from Ontario  🇨🇦
Hi guys, I don't normally comment, however on this occasion I felt I should at least say something... you left us a message a little while back when my wife & I were trying out the van life, (it was on the sweetmimidoll adventures channel), anyways regardless, we just wanted to wish you both the best & hope that you persevere through this thing with a speedy recovery! All our love John & Cibelle! And Bec, we both sincerely believe you to be beautiful no matter what! You have a beautiful heart & soul with a loving partner who we can see stands by your side no matter what! Everytime my wife & I feel down, you guys have always brought us back up! I hope this message puts a smile on both of you & brings some warm sunshine into your lives! If you guys ever come to London (which is where we live), you are more then welcome to share a meal or a cuppa with us with lot's of laughs! Love & laughter are two of the best joys in the world! So, keep laughing & keep loving! Peace! xoxo  :-)
Yes you look beautiful.. 💕
You look gorgeous! Sending love and prayers your way🤍
you are beautiful
You incredibly strong and beautiful human, sending you so much love and keeping you in my prayers ❤️ you’ve got this 💪🏻 ps you look amazing !!! 😘
You look amazing! Your so beautiful, love you guys. 😍 xxx
I appreciate you sharing all the raw emotions. So many ppl go through this silently. We are all crying with you. Love you both
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You guys are amazing.  Love that you guys are in a plant based diet/ lifestyle. If you haven’t read ‘ The china Study’ by T. Colin Campbell. Please do! It could save your life and many people that follow you. Also, Dr. Brook Goldner is a young trail blazing doctor that is saving many, many lives! Watching her being interviewed on Chef AJ ( YouTube) has changed the trajectory of my life. Not the latest interview but the one before that. Love and healing 💥
Bec you really have a special place in my place in my heart ❤️  F*ck the hair, f*ck my teeth (I am loosing my teeth because of the side effects of my disease…..trust me, when you’re body starts feeling better on the inside, you don’t care about the “outside” anymore ❤️ what do we have on the outside I’ve the inside is not working Oke?   Eamon you are a special men ❤️  (This comes from a good heart, I mean it really good, sometimes i am scared it comes out wrong because of English not being my language)
You strong woman bec
We see you too Eamon. We see your strength, your admiration & love for Bec 💛 when she’s falling apart, you’re right there picking up the pieces on the ground. She is lucky to have you and you to her. Just beautiful to see! We love you both and cheering you on all the way from New Zealand. Kia Kaha Bec ✊🏽 you’ve got this!! Xo
Beautiful as always, Love and Light to you guys
Thank you for sharing your experience with us and letting us be part of such an emotional time. Your positive outlook on the whole situation is so amazing!! You truly are a beautiful baldie Bec <3 Sending you guys both positive vibes!!!
Bec, you are soooooo beautiful and brave.  And Eamon is soooooo supportive. Thank you for sharing all of this.  I laughed, I cried, I laughed some more and cried some more.  The plant is so thoughtful!!  The sweater!!  Praying for you both and sending hugs. 💗
Bec your strength and bravery is inspirational. Eamon your love and support for your partner is phenomenal. God Bless you both
You both are loving, kind, caring and beautiful. Bec look beautiful bald, with short hair and with a wig. You both spread so much positivity and love. I have laughed, smiled and cried watching your videos. ❤️💜
When I started losing my hair I just had it all shaved off. It will grow back
I'm not saying this for sympathy or anything. but you actually looks good. The Bob and the shave suits you. I mean it. Tried short hair once and I actually look like Dora but with an adult body.   I even tried shaving the lowerd back part of my hair with design. It actually looks cool butg unfortunately when my hair grew back I had a bad rashes
You are beautiful, and strong, and powerful no matter what, Bec!   Sending you both much love and strength! You got this!
BEEEEECCCC you look soooo beautifullllll
Being bald isn't a sign that you are sick. It is a sign that you are a fighter.
That thumbnail is breathtaking! Literally gave me chills! I was really drawn to the phrase its just hair its just hair. I think part of what made that so emotional is how physical of a marker of the illness/treatment this is. For the most part she never had any symptoms of being sick at all I’m assuming so to see hair falling out just brought up all of the fear.
Nothing change because you’re beautiful.  Much love and blessings from Hong Kong.  Wishing you get recovery very soon💪💪💖💝
you look awesome Bec
I'm keeping you in my prayers. You are strong, you are beautiful, you are a survivor
OMG you look amazing with a shaved head! Beautiful
OMG, you look sooo good bald.  It is so chic (is that spelled right?  Sheec? anyhow) I love it!
Eamon that plant pot is outstanding! You are an amazing partner to Bec. God bless y’all as you go through treatment. You got this!
Bec you look so beautiful no matter what you’re going through. Sending love. I have a “third brain” almost where you have yours and it’s just wonderful and shows that everyone is different with their own beauty. Love from Michigan 💜
loosing her hair was my wifes biggest concern after being diagnosed with breast cancer 22 years ago. This is her 4th fight with cancer and this one she will loose the fight. She did loose the hair 3 times due to chemo. She is still at home and under the care of HOSPICE. Great folks to have in your corner if it ever comes to that. Sorry about the rambling. Never give up the fight.
You have such a pretty face that being bald just enhances that and your eyes really take centre feature and look stunning 😍
Thank you for sharing your journey with us and I just want to say that Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair. And I live how you always try to stay positive. You are a strong woman, one of the strongest I’ve ever came across. We love you! You can and will get over this and come out stronger than ever!
Why does little man have a cone on at night? 😬
Bec you always let your light shine.  Maybe a little more than usual with the balding ❤️.  But after watching you for some time now I know nothing will dim your light!  An inspiration to many in all that you do.  And that guy you hang around with is pretty cool too 😂. Thanks Eamon for taking care of our Bec and showing what true support is for someone you love!  Luv you guys!  I’d love to hug ya’s! ❤️❤️
Bec I’ve been watching you and eamon for the last 3 years know and can’t tell you the amount of time I’ve rewatched your videos because they bring me so much joy and they’re just amazing! Bec you have never looked more beautiful you should be so proud of yourself because of how strong you are ! Eamon you’re what every husband should be and more ! Love you both keep staying strong bec and can’t wait to see you fit and healthy traveling the world in casa b 💗🥰
Beautiful!!! You look stunning 😍!! Stay strong 💪 chica!!
Sending love, light and healing energy to you Bec!!! Eamon continue to be an amazing partner!!
Bec you are beautiful!
Love to you both!
Have never cried so much to a YouTube video. I really get so attached and Sympathetic to you guys. Wish all love for both you guys, you both are being so strong together trough everything. Love from Sweden❤️
los amo, todo va a salir bien❤️✨
I cried with you!  You are both beautiful-inside and out.
Truely awesome and inspiring. WOW YOU ROCK!
Hey, Bec you are a trooper, you are strong and you are beautiful. I think Eamon should shave his head also. Thank you for sharing your journey.
No one tells you how much losing your hair actually hurts! And yes, one of the few goods things to come from chemo is the free Brazilian lol. When I lost my hair, I often thought about women during the holocaust that had their heads shaved in camps. They were going through this horrific time, and yet so many journal entries are about losing their hair! Our hair is a huge part of our identity and is another reminder that we're grieving over our past self. Sending strength, Bec ❤ #pinksister
Omg that bob is everything!
Your rocking the new hair cut. Your look amazing beautiful lady x bald is beautiful x
You look amazing! You are so strong and beautiful.
Watching this in my works canteen, trying  desperately not to cry out loud x
I'm crying with you through your haircut. I'm so proud of you. xxx
i want you to know that all the way from South Africa you are beautiful...love your work
You are beautiful Bec! Inside and out! Prayers for you! ❤️ Wig name... T .Wiggy 😃
You are so brave & beautiful inside & out Bec!  😀💜 Thank you for sharing this very tough journey & it is a privilege to join you!  Eamon what an incredible person you are & such a strong supportive partner!! 💙🇦🇺🤗🌻😍
Your amazing bec
You are stunning with long hair, bob, and bald!!!! It is because you are beautiful inside. I have cancer patients and I will have them watch this episode when they struggle with cancer related hair loss. We ❤️ u Bec !,,
You are so loved from ks
Love the Plant gift idea, and the shelving in your bedroom with the plants looks amazing. Thank you for sharing your journey x Your beauty from within will shine brighter than ever before x
She shaved her head and I was just sat here thinking fuck me that’s the best hair cut she’s worn it looks AWESOME
I love you bec,can't see you like this just take care and be strong ❤❤❤❤
Bec, your bravery is an inspiration! Eamon you are a man of steel!  My heart is with both of you.  Sending love ❤ and  🤗. I wish you both the sun, the moon, the stars, peace and love! 🌞🌜⭐✌💛
Bec add oil no matter what. From nowhere human. LOVE xxx
Love you 💓💓💓
Becccc the shaved head is a look! It really brings out your eyes. This is all a visual representation of your healing & strength. You are such an inspiration ❤️
I always knew who you guys were here on YouTube just through following others, but I must admit, was never a subscriber…  Started watching you guys since those Kara and Nate videos last year and I was crying through this with you the entire time. So so brave for sharing this process with us. Sending so much love from Boston, MA. 💕🥰
If your in Toronto I’m inviting both you  wonderful people to meet my family and have a nice plate of Italian pasta with all side dishes. Hang in there Bec!!!
I was watching holding back tears until “I wore it because it’s Lee’s sweater and I wanted to feel strong” I totally broke down. What a beautiful moment. You are so strong pretty girl!  Love you❤️
You’re AMAZING!!! ❤️❤️❤️
you are both amazing and short hair suits you Bec! Sending love and healing from Spain. xx
Wow, such a powerful video. So raw and honest portrayal of your journey. What really stood out is the bond and support you have for each other.  Thank you for sharing
You probably will not believe our comments telling you that even shaved you looks beautiful, but you really looks beautiful! Everything will be ok and you will be proud how strong you are, and how much you had helped many ladies that are going through the same process! Thank you for sharing it with all of us! God bless you! Thanks to Eamon ad well he is a pilar on your life!
hey Bec! I am in the third brain club too - if it helps I refer to my moles as my constellations - my own unique star system - your constellations are beautiful xx
Thank you for telling us your story my prayers are with you both love you both
Beautiful, no matter what.  Take care of yourselves.
Really sorry you are going through this. I think you rock the bob and the shave. Drink lots of coconut water if you can get it,  to clean out your kidneys of the chemo toxins. Thanks for taking us along on such a personal journey.
Bec you are so strong for doing this you are truly my hero
I cried so much in this video with you. Bec your amazing! Your strong! Your a warrior!
Women identify with our hair so it is a journey but now the only place to go is up and in a few months your hair will be growing back fierce!  You are so brave!  You do look beautiful hair or no hair.  Be well! Love you guys!  God Bless!
Eamon's right, you look very cool Bec!!!! And so strong! ❤💚💙
This couple is truly amazing!!
Love to you both from a British baldy x
You should know you’re beautiful just the way you are, and you don’t have to change a thing the world could change it’s heart. I got this part from a song called "scares to you’re beautiful"
notWithstanding that I watched practically the whole video in tears, I am so happy for how fierce you look without hair. I had to shave my mothers head on her birthday in 2007 because chemo was just taking it out in chunks. We both had a good cry during the process and afterwards I did my best to wrap her head in a beautiful scarf I bought her and we went to the mall to the wig store. I love your idea of sending them your hair to have a wig made from it. Ingenious! What Eamon says is true you do look beautiful and even though he has to be the man with the biggest heart in the whole world I know he wasn’t just telling you that to make you feel better, you really do look great! My biggest wish for you is that everything else goes as well and even better and that one day a couple years from now this will all be a memory. Keep up the fight sister! ❤️
It might be hard now but it will be better soon
"You are really cute." You guys are so much for each other!
Bec, YOU ARE AMAZING!!  Your outlook and rawness of life is perfect and beautiful, thank you for sharing so much of you with the world.  You shine so bright and You are inspirational!  Love and prayers and may all the good vibes surround and protect you both. ✨💖✨💖✨
Bec, first of all I have to say you look AMAZING - bold, with a wig, hat or anything else you really rock this! 😍😍😍I am watching your videos since years now and want to thank you sososososo much for taking us all with you on each journey, also this one. You guys are so strong, also you Eamon, I always start to cry when I see how loving you are while taking care of Bec. So big, big shoutout also to you. I want to send you so much love and all the good energy I can catch for you. Greetings from Austria, love you guys 💖
You're incredible!!! Side note: the sweater you wore during the shampoo endorsement is stunning!!!! Where did you get it? Sending love and prayers 💞🙏
My heart breaks into a million pieces for you! You truly are beautiful Becks! You will come through the other side! Sending so much love, strength and healing! Keep being that beautiful strong warrior!! 👏🏻💪🏻🎗
He’s not just saying it, you do look rad and beautiful. You look like you could kick Eamon’s butt!
Ohhh Bec... I already knew you were going to look frigging amazing bald!!! Your hair is diffinitely up there on the most beautiful locks, but like Eamon said... it will grow back!  Thank you for sharing your journey and just rock whatever feels good for you! Big love! 💗💗 Xxx
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ahhhh just love you two soooo much. You are both simply precious and powerful forces of nature. Thank you for sharing such intimate moments with us, and a big congrats on 1 million!!! Your diligence, consistency, creativity and passion do not go unnoticed. Wishing you guys THE BEST! 🍀🌞💘
Use Andraste as a name why Andraste is the Celtic goddess of courage, luck, security and victory in battle. Her name can mean "invincible" or "victory" and you will win. Send you lots of love from Italy. 💕
I love your shaved head. You look beautiful!
To the 1% watching this may all your dreams come true ❤
You guys are just the most amazing humans ❤️
Let me just tell you, we all need an Eamon in our lives.
You both are bad ass! much aloha to you both!
Bec, you look beautiful. I'm happy you umbrage it. I lost my hair once because of Alopecia and after 7 months it grew back. Never put on a wig. You have nothing to be ashamed about. Eamon, You are great and sweet they way you handle the situation. This is going to make both of you even more strong. Love you both
Wow, that was a truly moving vlog.,You acknowledged your sadness but the vlog wasn’t depressing. What made it so good was your honesty, your strength, your humour and the love you have for one another. In sharing your journey you will help so many other people.,Congratulations,  you deserve your million subscribers…. And many more.
Eamon, you are the sweetest, most nurturing, genuine, loving support & partner. Bec, you are so humble & beautiful.
You still look amazing Bec ❤️❤️❤️
Your courage and resilience is empowering. Your beauty was never in doubt.
My wife and I watched you video last night. I’m a 47 year old hardened prison officer and I cried all the way through it. My heart is breaking for you both. You are in our thoughts and prayers and wish you both lots of love from the United Kingdom. Xx
Hi Eamon and Bec, I watched your video last night and this morning I woke up with you on my mind. This song came to mind to share with you. It’s “I am not my hair by India Arie” please give it a listen. Very inspiring song that I think you can really relate to at this time. I am praying for you guys along this journey. May God give you healing for your body/mind and comfort!
Why do you make this 71 year old man cry like a baby? Forward forever backward never. Peace
You are so brave Bec! You look so good at every hair style.  You are still so beautiful.  Thinking and praying for you everyday.  Eamon you are a rock and so supportive. Sending love from Melbourne Australia 🥰
This was heart braking to watch. God bless you. And I wish you a full and speedy recovery. Stay strong. We’re all praying for you.
I just love you both! You're both so strong and compliment each other no matter the adventure. You're beautiful hair or not, beautiful hearts shine on the outside.
الله يشفيك وربما اكيد بنت حنان الكل اكيد رح يكون معنا جميعا الله يكون معك ربنا يشفيك
❤OMG, you are so freakin beutiful i love your hair like that. My grandmother went through chemo for breast cancer and she is so much stronger. ❤
In this condition, you still think about donating the hair...Love the positive vibe coming from you, Bec and Eamon..stay strong..stay together ..❤️
cried to much, be brave beck, we love you ❤️❤️❤️ sending love, eamon thank you for taking good care of beck
You look incredible!!!!!
You are both doing great. Bec, it does not matter with hair or without you are JUST beautiful inside and out. You are killing it.
So beautiful, sweet sweet lady . awesome support ❤ Damon.
It's a common belief that hair signifies beauty, but as others have said you're beautiful (inside and out) no matter what, Bec. Your vulnerabilty with all of us here is a true testament to your inner strength, and i've often come here for your positivity on my darker days. Keep your head up, you'll come out of this even stronger than before. Sending love your way. <3
I LOVE your hair short!
Love you both so much and so proud of you. Thank you for sharing your journey and thank you for being you. Sending you so many good wishes and healing energy. You got this ❤️
Sending you both so much love!! You are doing amazing and my heart melts for you both. I am praying for you every time you come to mind. God bless you both 🙏🏾🥰💖
Omg I can't get over the fact of how cute Bec looks bald! Like rick it girl you got this sending so much love and hugs <33
When I was balding silk pillow cases feel really good because I know how it feels and your head just gets supper sensitive and silk pillow cases I felt where the best option you may want to try it just giving you a heads up
Bec you are a gorgeous woman with or without hair. I'm certain Lee is watching over you both on this journey too. We love you guys....from Australia. Xxx
U look so pretty in bald! True beauty
you guys rocks. stay strong and Bec you look wonderful. speedy recovery!!
How you feel about yourself on the inside, strongly projects on the outside. You feel good, you look good. However watching this video really warms me in the sense that looks aren't always everything, it's your outlook on yourself. How you guys spin the biggest hurdles and obstacles of your lives into positives and find those silver linings. Your mindset about how you feel about yourself and that's all that matters, really warms my heart. I really admire you guys and sending you all the love, healing and positivity from the UK. x
Bec, as a cancer survivor and cancer gene carrier, want to start off with…. You’re a part of the cancer fighting army. It’s a family you never want to join, but will love completely.  ✨✨✨✨✨We love and support each other, and you. ✨✨✨✨✨ ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨💜💖💜✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨  Now, you look like an Amazon Warrior Princess. You’re beautiful with and without hair. Promise.  Your partner in arms, Caregiver, and best friend, Sir Bec, reminds me of my Husband throughout our long lifelong journey with cancer.  You are beyond blessed to have him.  Don’t ever doubt that he finds you beautiful. There’s something so special in men like ours. Everything he says about you is the truth. And, is pure love.  I’m so happy you have each other. ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨🥰✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨  Sending you loads of .. L 💜 V E  And   L I G H T ✨ #LIVING
Simply beautiful!
Dear Bec  It is just mindblowing how pretty you are, even more, now that your pretty face got more space to shine. Keep your bold head up high.   Eamon keep a good look at Bec, I'm sure she gets a lot of attention 😉   You both are so brave and I hope that all this good energy you spread will come right back at you 💕
All my support from Belgium, you look amazing, keep your smile, one day at à time. I've been through this last year and now I just embracing life 😁
Your Soooo beautiful Bec. Keep rocking life!
How brave it is to share your journey so unsensored. I appreciate you.
You're a hero Eamon. Take my hat off to you. Continue to think of you guys daily. Keep up the positive atmosphere and support.
Take care and keep going
Oh Bec 🥺💔
You handle what life throws at you beautifully.
Congrats on 1million! 🎉  Y'all are Amazing💯‼️
You are strong, You are Invincible because you are a WOMAN 💐💐💐💐🙏🏻👼🏻🌻🌻🌻🌻
Thanks for this hard and beautiful story! Makes me appreciate even more the strength that it takes to wake up every morning and deal with such a difficult reality! Bec, you never looked prettier cause now you are wearing your strengths on your sleeve and you do it with such flare! Eamon, you are honestly the supportive partner I aspire to be for my lady and I also hope you are taking care of your mental health.
Love you both, your going to be fine Bec.💗
Holy heck! Bec no hair so suits you, I feel like it lets your eyes pop and shows off your jawline 😍
you look absolutely beautiful!!!
I bought a dozen cloth baby nappies washed them in softly and used them on my pillow. It was so soft and helped my scalp.
You are a beautiful human. Most of us would love to look like you on your worst day then we do on our best! Stay strong. Stay you.
🙏🏻👼🏻😊🌀🦋🐬😉⚡️💙🧜‍♀️⚡️🌻🌻🌻🌻🍀☘️💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐
The love that you two share is the most beautiful and everlasting phenomenon most of us have ever seen. I wish you the best of luck and hope you know how truly you are admired by so many of us ♥️
Aaawww Becky❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ I'm not one for commenting, even though I've been with you guys, following this channel for years...perhaps I'm an online introvert, but today I'm breaking my long standing habit to send you Love & Light, so much Love & Light🤗 You are absolutely beautiful with a shaved head😍 soooo very beautiful. You are wonderful and so inspirational to me. You got this💪 Feel the feels and let it go😘😘😘😘😘
Un abrazo para los dos
You look beautiful Bec, you got this girl. All prayers to you guys, love you guys.
Valerie would be an amazing wig name meaning strength and health!! Bec you are truly an inspiring person who’s light shines so bright and true. I can imagine there have been and will be many days that you yourself don’t feel that beautiful, beaming light radiating from you but I know for a fact those around you do.  I know that because I a stranger to you can see it through video, which speaks volumes. All my love ❤️
I’m sending you all the good vibes. You guys got this.
🙏🏼❤️
You do rock bald! You’ll have a whole new appreciation for sun roofs,windy days,less shampoo. I remember sitting in the shower and crying for months as my hair fell out. Not from cancer,Alopecia Areata. A disorder brought on from stress. We bobbed it first too then just watched it fall out. I’m not as brave as you to shave it. You are an inspiration Bec. I continue to knock on the sky and send good vibes to you.
You look beautiful!!
You guys are so awesome together, you really embody the term “partners”. Stay strong, and eff cancer. You got this Bec!
Some people have badly shaped heads , you are not one of those . Looks good. 😃
The bob is darling and the wig is crazy awesome. Hang in there...no doubt losing your hair is incredibly stressful. Glad you’ve been able to embrace the process. 🙏🏼💕
You look beautiful!!!
Sending loads of love from Chintsa, South Africa 🇿🇦 ❤️ you are BEAUTIFUL Beckygirl 💙❤️💜 you rock bald
Bec you'd be gorgeous no matter what. Stay positive, stay strong 👍
Sending ❤️
Crying my eyes out here in Las Palmas reliving my friends Cancer/hair journey and just sending you all soooo much love
You are a absolute brave person and you have great support from your Eamon, which is invaluable. Stay Strong!!!!! Better days will come!!!!
This is a great learning experience for you to be able to teach young and older ladies to love themselves not their outside appearance. You are a beautiful lady. Lee is so proud of you right now and so are your followers. Eamon I love you tooooo
Bec you are so amazing! Watching your videos I cry with you and I laugh and smile with you guys!! You are beautiful!! Sending positivity and love💛💛
You are so amazing!! Both of you!!! I have been thinking of y’all and praying!! When Bec had on Lee’s sweat shirt…. ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Thank you for sharing your story with us.
You have such an inter strength that you probably never knew that you had until confronted by the horrible disease. Hair does not define who you are as a person, it doesn’t take away your spirit and your amazing attitude. Stay beautiful, bold and brave in your heart and mind and it will carry you through.
Watching your video for a second time. Beautiful, smart, brave, positive attitude and so much more comes to mind! Xoxox
Love you both so much 🤍 I’m so proud to be able to be part of this journey with you ✨
❤❤❤
Bec, I just discovered your channel today and you already brought so much joy for me. I just want to say you are beautiful no matter what. You are very brave, and It is all going to be ok! Hang in there, we are all here to support you!
Just wanted to say how strong and beautiful you are.  Thank you for sharing this journey with us. So proud of you ! Hang in there !! You have a million people pulling and praying for you  Johnn from Niceville FL
I don't think the word beautiful does you justice Bec, courageous, vulnerable, authentic, strong, inspiring, truly talented and amazing. Eamon you're ok too 😁
I am from Morocco, and i have been following you guys !  I LOVE YOU BEC, you are os beautiful inside and out and we are with you. we will support you, I cried during all the video, and the n I realised how much, am so happy and grateful to watch you guys going trough ups and downs in life. I love you so much !  BEC YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL, please read it and reread it again, because it is the truth.
You have a perfectly shaped head.  I always say that God has only made a few perfect heads, and he put hair on the rest of them.  Own it, believe me, it's easier, funky, and fun.  You got this!!!!
Bec, you look incredible 💜
I’m a bit of a silent subscriber, don’t comment much but I just wanted to say wow, you two are so amazingly strong and brave for sharing this vulnerable journey. Bec you are gorgeous!! Absolutely gorgeous inside and out! I’m so glad you feel all our support and love. We are all cheering you on soldier 💪🏼💐🤍 what a damn champ
You are young  and look fantastic with the bald look. Ear rings  and make up on good days are a must.  Take it from a women with alopecia, my hair will not grow in full.  I will always have patches.  I DO have several wigs and we have fun.  Go Girl with your  journey,  🤗 hugs.
You are the strongest couple ever. You deserve the world. Stay strong and amazing. Xxx
BEC You are beautiful. Amon is a Prince. U R AN INSPIRATION!
Hello from the City of Smiles🇵🇭. I admire your being brave through all that's been happening. May those who go through some difficulty in their lives right now draw strength from yours.   God bless you both. Our prayers go to the both of you from the other side of the world.🙏🎭🇵🇭
Bec you are such an inspiration to women who are going through similar issues. So proud of you and to have Eamon inspiring you and making things humorous as he too is going through emotions.  Bless you both for being there for each other.
Oh my goodness! What an emotional journey for you both! ♥️ Can I just say though, how absolutely BEAUTIFUL you look bald!!! 😍 Your face shines through so much! Wow, this video made me cry! The strength of your relationship between you both is so inspiring! Thank you for sharing, this whole experience is really bringing out SO many of your strengths !! 🌻 x
Bec, we are so honoured that you are sharing your journey with us all.  You are such an inspiration. You will have down days and up days but always know that you have thousands of people who are supporting you in the background and you are going to win this!🥰
Sending love and light to you both, lost my wife to this terrible disease and the love of friends and family truly does help ease you through the journey wherever it leads you 🙏🏽❤️
AWWW BEC!!! The big sister in me just wants to just hug you and protect u as best I can 🥺🥺 my prayers are definitely with you 🙏🏾
Bec you are so strong and brave and beautiful. It is incrediable that you are sharing your journey. Your energy is inspiring, sending so much love xx
you look absolutely beautiful 😍😍 you absolutely shine, your positivity and outlook on life really make me want to be a better person everyday!
Bec, you are rocking the bald look, but youare so gorgeous anyway you could pretty much grow a mullet and rock that too!! Eamon is such a rock! Be strong for each other, you're a great team! I know many survivors and they are all doing really great. You guys have got this!
What makes you absolutely stunning gorgeous to me is your soul shines through your eyes and smile as if it explodes outward and can't be contained. The hair , or lack there of right now just can't squelch down the beauty of you 💜
Just a huge shoutout to say not only are you going through this journey like a badass, you're also taking us along with you - curating, filming, and editing footage to create a story of your journey. Making content for YouTube is hard, fighting cancer is harder, doing both is proof of how amazing you both are. Lots of love from Yorkshire, England xx
Stay strong both of you, you'll get through this.
You....you are so strong. And so beautiful. And my heart is with you through your whole journey. I will carry you in my thoughts and prayers. Thank you for being such a beautiful inspiration.
I just love you guys, bold, hairy, with or without wigs... Thanks so much for sharing this to the world. Bec, you're so brave and strong and you've got a wonderful team around you. Warm embraces 💕
😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you look amazing with no hair!!!! You’re beautiful
Thank you ♥️
Watching this video I am crying right along with you.  It reminds me of my cancer journey five years ago.  I feel for you!  I am cancer free now and living life to the fullest and you will too.  Love you!
You are both such a blessing sharing your journey. Beautiful inside and out. Eamon I agree Bec rocks it, such a hottie! Love and prayers Lou 💖🙏🤗🌻
Wow you are truly rocking being bald and your wig, you so would not know that's a wig. thank you so much for sharing your journey, you guys are totally awesome and I loved the moment wearing lees sweater ❤️ she is with you guys all the way you are so beautiful and so strong 💪 sending love from Australia 🇦🇺 ❤️
Bec you look cute 💚 you have a beautiful mind, body and soul and nothing can change that 💚 I love you guys💚💚💚
You are strong and brave and so beautiful! 💪🏼💪🏼
Love you both. You are both so strong and it is contagious! Sending all my love and best wishes x
This is so unbebelieveably hard to watch. Can't imagine what you are going through ♥️
I thought the bob looked amazing on you Bec BUT then I saw you with  a shaved head and it was like HOLY, this girls outer beauty has been hiding behind her hair. You TRULY look beautiful AND of course, most importantly you ARE beautiful on the inside. Eamon is so supportive and amazing. Much love to you❤️🌸
BEC! Can I say YOU WITH A BOB IS STUNNINGGGG! But you are also absolutely lovely without hair and 100 % rock it! I know I would have felt the same way you did when you had to cut/ shave it and I am so proud of you for feeling your emotions and facing such a hard thing! Yeah, it grows back but for the time being, you don't have it so of course it was sad to say see you later! Eamon you are such a lovely man and so good to bec, I hope you are taking good care of yourself too <3
BECK! You look so cool honestly I couldn’t pull this off 😍 so badass
We all se your beauty ,hair is just an added bonus .it will grow ,and so will u. Xxxxx
You are so beautiful. You're also attractive, but that has little to do with your Beauty.  <3
Bec you are so strong. I was crying with you this whole video. So beautiful! Stay strong you have an army praying for you 💕💕💕
Your fierce girl, no more tears 💖
❤❤❤❤
this guy is really putting the rest of us to shame
It's so special you let us be a part of your journey. thank you so much to both of you for being so open, honest and inspiring. sending all the love and light. kisses from the netherlands x
I'm praying for yall everyday.I know we all have a reason and purpose for what we go thru. BEC U ARE SHOWING COURAGE AND HOPE 2 OTHERS FACING THE SAME JOURNEY..U R AMAZING N BEAUTIFUL..Eamon u are one strong man,Bec is so lucky.As are u to have such a strong beautiful soul mate. I LOVE U BOTH N U CAN GET THRU ANYTHING TOGETHER. Sending u both love n prayers..Now go kick that cancers butt.
Bec you look incredible, Eamon is right you are rocking the bald look. Thank you to you for having the bravery to share your journey on this platform. I hope that your story like many others will encourage women and men alike to check their breasts for lumps or changes. Its so empowering to see you share the truth of it all and i know that I and everyone else here is sharing in this journey along with you and all the emotions. I lost a dear family member to bowel cancer in 2012 and I know she would be so proud if I could show her your story. Stay strong, you have this. Sending love and thoughts from Scotland
You are amazing!❤️
Stay Strong lil Lady! You are Beautiful!!
❤️‍🔥😍🥰✨
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
We love u you are the tops god bless
I also have a mole on my head, a bumpy one, had two on my face but those I took of years ago. My molel will stay for a long while I think. It is perfect for not making my side part to big. Got to protect it from the sun though, don't want any melanoma. Thank you for allowing us to follow you on your journey.
I love you guys. Beck and Eamon, you are incredible 💕 keep that positivity that defines you. You are both big rays of sunshine.
proud of you guys, be strong guys.
you look beautiful with your shaved head!!  you actually look like Millie Bobby Brown from stranger things! you look amazing!! xoxo
I just happened upon your channel and I’m so glad I did. You’re so brave to document this for the world to see.. Ive shed a couple of tears with you today. Eamon is so wonderful …so glad you have such a great support system. 🙏🏾  you are rocking the bald looks and it’s vibezzzzzzzzz
Well Bec. I'm a recovered Cancer person myself so lots of prayers to you and that  Hubby of yours. Glad he's with you. But can I say your beautiful with or without hair. Be strong as your Hubby and the 2 of you will come out on top. Best wishes to you. Been vaning with you guys gor years. Jesus be with you. 😎😇😇
Bec you are such a brave and powerful woman. You will get through this. You will. I am sending all my strength and power to you sweet girl <3
This is the only video i ever felt like I was experiencing while watching.  You two are so so brave, Sharing it with family and friends is hard enough, But sharing it here on a platform as big as this is just mind-blowing.   Two days from now my gf (soon to be fiancé) and myself will both shave our heads and I'll think back of the same moment in this video and how brave you were. I'll watch it again with her to inspire her on the journey ahead.  As I mentioned on your first video of the process, You two are inspiring and set an impeccable example of what true love and support looks like.  Thank you so much for this video, Thank you for sharing and I wish you two an endless amount of strength to keep on going until you beat it together.   Love and support, Tom~❤💪🏽
Bec you are truly amazing & inspirational! Xx
I just want to hug both of you!!
You look amazing with and without hair, just like my sister did! Thank you for sharing such a difficult journey in your young life! You and Eamon are truly amazing & blessed (although it may not feel like it). Sending you two 💕💕💕 and support.
Bec you are insanely beautiful with and without hair! When I went through chemo I looked as if a boiled egg and yoda had a love child! Stay strong gorgeous 🤍🤍
As one of the many who had a 'quarantine buzzcut' back in 2020, I actually found shaving my head for the first time liberating in a way I didn't expect. While I didn't have long hair, I've had my hair colored different bright colors for the last 20 years and getting rid of that (something people knew me by) was scary. Obviously in my case it was just something I chose to try and not chemo related, but ultimately it really taught me a lot about inner beauty.   Plus, honestly, I personally think bald women look amazing. Maybe it's just me, but I never automatically think they're in chemo, I just think they're a badass. In fact, the cancer part rarely comes into my mind. I just think: 'Wow, what an awesome, strong person'. And since I already knew you are already an awesome person from watching your vids for many years, your shaved head just emphasizes that even more to me. <3
Bec you are my role model. You inspire others to keep pushing like you did and do. You are one of the strongest females ever and I'm forever greatful for you. I love to you wanted to wear  Lee's jumper. Congrats on 1 million and love you to the moon! 💜
I'm attached to my hair too. You've given me courage
This is so brave!! So vulnerable.... you two are absolutely lovely and I hope it's nothing but plain sailing from here! The pot plant gift made me sob... is that weird?! Sending you all the best juju xxx
I love you bec♥️
You're beautiful, inside and out...thank you for sharing your journey.  It's YOUR journey, and you need to do it your own way.  I appreciate that you're showing the lows as well as the highs...and Eamon is such a loving support to you, it's beautiful to watch your relationship (sadly) at it's best through this challenging time.  Sending much love & many prayers your way, for both of you.
Yesssss! E is amazing, they are an amazing team!!! Beck, you really do look cool, like those bald models, not just saying😮. You have a beautiful face, 🥰!! Glad you are feeling better😇
Girls with shaved heads look amazing and badass! Love your new do!
❤️
Bec, you are so beautiful, with and without hair. Thank you, to you and Eamon, for being so brave, and so vulnerable. I'm praying for you to have rapid healing, and send lots of love, from across the world, in Australia.
Sending love to you, you look beautiful xx
You look like a bad ass 😎
Mantra .. I am not this hair , I am not this skin , I am the spirit within , repeat ❤️ I am beautiful,  I am healthy , close your eyes , fall in love , stay there ❤️ x
You are unbelievably beautiful bald babes, you're rocking it so much xx Stay strong we're all routing for you and Eamon  xx
I am humbled to be here & share your journey. Love you both & so proud of you. See ya soon. XO ❤️ ❤️
So proud of you, Bec. You are beautiful. Eamon, you are a rock star. Much love and prayers to you both.
We are crying with you and cheering you're strong journey on from all over the world. Thank you so much for sharing such an intimate time. You rock all the hair or no hair. The bald is very chic in you 💜💜
Stay strong! Good vibes from Brazil 🥰
Looking good Bec. Eamon ur such a powerhouse of support, make sure u take care of yourself too. Much love & prayers to u both 🙏🙏🙏
Bec you are so strong but to have Eamon by your side - man - he is amazing for you xxxx
Bec your beautiful. No matter what. Ypu got this. Your strong. You will get throught this
Bed when you shaved your hair I dryer and when you put the wig on I dryer you are a some and you can do it I am praying for your and keeping you in my prays and you got this and your so pretty
There is one thing I think we can all agree on…. You look super cute with a Bob!  F cancer!!! Sending you love and strength during this emotional journey.
Hey Bec and Eamon. Sending so much love and appreciation for your courage, sense of humour and willingness to share. I have a friend and a sister going through treatment right now. We're all way past middle age and its interesting how everyone copes with the tough stuff. I so admire your love for each other, your support for your darling Bec Eamon, and your concern for Eamon Bec! You two really are amazing. Been following you since the beginning- but wanted to just send a huge basket of Aussie sunshine and love to sustain you on your journey. 'You raise me up"  comes to mind about you two!! I've only popped in the 1st two (repeating) verses - but I'm sure you're familiar with this beautiful song... well I guess its traditionally a Hymn, but I think of it as an ANTHEM!. Sit together and listen to it- it might make you cry a little.... but it will also sustain you. So much Love from Australia darlings.  When I am down and, oh my soul, so weary  When troubles come and my heart burdened be Then, I am still and wait here in the silence Until You come and sit awhile with me.  You raise me up, so I can stand on mountains You raise me up, to walk on stormy seas I am strong, when I am on your shoulders You raise me up to more than I can be
Sending love and prayers❤️❤️❤️ hang in there you two🙏
I´m so sorry. All the best
I wish you both all the best guys. Just, stay strong. Bec, you can do this! 💪 Send you lots of love fron Granada, Spain 💕
Honestly your face is so elegant that shaved head just makes it even more feminine look for you. 🌞
Bec you’re so beautiful bold! omg😍
Sweet love, your beauty, love and compassion come from within. We all see that no matter the length of your locks. Sending you both love, hugs and healing energy! ❤❤❤❤
🤣😍🥰🤗🇦🇺
Bec,  I am an Indigenous person of Canada 🇨🇦 and I want to say our hair is a big significance to us it represents strength, wisdom and reflects our identity. And in hard times theres also a big significance to cutting out hair to represent a new beginning, new growth. That allows us to be free of the past and to regrow our own future❤️ You are incredibly strong and so damn beautiful with and without your hair,  everything that matters lies within your heart❤️ keep shining like the star you are💫
you're rocking the bald look like millie bobby brown, you're so beautiful! absolutely love it. you are so strong. this wasn't easy for you and you did it anyways. so proud. sending all the love to you. 💚
Sending you love from the depth of our heart!!!!!!
Hey Bec! Maybe we have cried with you today but tomorrow, we will smile for sure!
You genuinely look hot! You are doing great! Keep going, its gonna be happy endings!
My heart goes out to you both as you go on the many stages of this journey .. I had a mastectomy last year , but I am 80 and had the first one back when I was 70….not the same as when you are as young as you , but I have a little idea of what you are going through…I think you are beautiful any which way and I love you both.xoxo❤️🥰🌹
Bonjour de tout cœur ❤️ ❤️ avec vous. français plein de bisous 😚 pour vous encourager.
Look amazing with the short hair, sending you 💗
Bec you suit al them styles .Just remember its just hair it will grow back .My Daughter age 12 shaved her hair off for teenage cancer research. She still hates the thought even thou i tell her was amazing thing she did they also donated the hair.. Keep positive   Warrior empress forwards only   .Oi Eamon get ya hair shaved :)
You both are beyond Extraordinary people!  Y’all are touching so many hearts ♥️ with this journey.  Definitely mine ❤️ y’all’s relationship is so beautiful and strong! Bec you are beyond Gorgeous in every way you look, even more breathtaking showing us your journey through this!!! Keep touching hearts ♥️  God bless you both
Bec you’re rocking the shaved head! I think you she definitely keep it even after chemo!
Brave & Beautiful ❤❤❤
sending biggest love you two - you are beautiful. thank you for your incredible bravery. x
I am sorry Bec that you have your hair, you still look so beautiful though , fierce beauty actually ❤️ remember too ... I am not this hair , I am not this skin, I am the spirit within ❤️
Love you guys xx Stay strong.
"Is this for you " Eammo<3
The Salt Of The Earth ~ Much Love ~ to you both
Hugs from Australia ❤️
Bec, you are you with or without your hair…beautiful 💕
Omg you can pull off any hair cut even the buzz cut! You are such a sweetheart.. wishing you lots of health and good luck with your treatment 💕
you are so strong- thank you for sharing.
I love you both so much.
❤️🥰
Your look beautiful and you are such a beautiful person! I strive to be as positive as you in daily life. Xo
Aaaw guys you made me cry. Courage Bec! you're brave and strong!
Many Many Blessings to you  both .  All will be well in your world. 💞💞💞💖💖💖💖
Bec, your strength is amazing.  I was crying right along with you. Sharing such a personal journey - I have no words to express my thoughts properly. Thoughts and prayers for continued strength….   And Eamon, you’re an awesome support system!
Bec, Mate, I know exactly how you're feeling hey. When I had my cancer I was in the Army, so short hair anyway. It still felt super shit to lose it, so I felt every emotion with you, even 8 years on, that dragged it up. I'm glad I got to go through this roller coaster again, but this time I felt it was with someone, and I hope you know that watching this video, I was tearing up WITH you. When this is all over, come to Australia, go for a lap, if you're in town, we can talk about our experiences, get it off your chest. Can't wait to see you guys travelling again! This is no more than a bump in the road. Remember, Cancer is a word! Just a word! It's not a sentence!
<3
You look beautiful! You are an overcomer!!!
You look like a British singer in the 80s, Sinead o'Connor.
You look amazing Bec. Keep strong ❤️
You are going to beat this. Your positive attitude will heal you and others too!
Muchas buenas vibras y fortaleza!! Abrazo de 🐻
We have followed you guys for years and enjoyed coming along on your adventures. It is so humbling watching you as you navigate this difficult chapter together. Thank you for sharing. Remember that you are loved, you are strong and you both have a million people who have your back and are sending positive healing and love your way. 💜
Stay strong you amazing warrior.. You're not alone!
Bec, you don’t need hair to be beautiful. You are stunning with or without it. Believe it. P.s you looked like Kate Middleton in the cap eamonn got you.. stunning x
Your hair will grow back stronger, and so will you.
you are so strong and always beautiful with or without hair and you have so good boyfriend. love you both
Another brave and inspiring video , kudos to you both for your generosity in sharing this challenging journey … lots of love ❤️
💪❤
You are both handling this journey with so much grace. And humour! Wishing you both all the best from the other side of the globe (Sydney, Australia)
Im literally crying when eamon shaving bec's hair.. best team tho😭🥺
Bec, at every stage of your hair loss journey you look beautiful!
Thanks for sharing this moment! You are fantastic
in the craziness of it all.. how freakin cool is it that you´ll have a wig with your own hair combined?! so cool!
You are just incredible Bec! and you too Eamon - what an amazing partner you are. Cried with you many times and my heart is warmed by the love you have for each other and that everyone has for you both.
❤
I cried watching this. I hope all the treatments are successful and that this stupid cancer goes away.
You're very trendy now! you look like all the young girls who are shaving their heads right now, its a sign of strength, you're hair doesn't define your beauty!
You are so brave 💕 I’m truly encouraged by your strength  and motivated by your ability to stay strong 👏🏼. Be blessed and know you are so loved 🙏🏼
It's ok Bec, you got this. Bald doesn't mean sick, it just means bald. It's a choice of many people even women! Hang in there, each day you are closer to this dumb C being over. Thanks for the wig link too!!!
Its mad how beautiful you are! you could pull off anything!
You are beautiful, you are beautiful, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!
You look incredibly great.. It´s all about your smile
God will heal U soon Bec.
I have never cried because of a youtube video but you really made me emotional! It´s so painful seeing someone you care for going through so much pain... YU ARE SO STRONG! And I truly believe that the universe only gives you things you can handle. You are strong, You are beautiful. You are going to grow from this. You are going to get through this. a tragedy is only a comedy that isn´t finished, yet. You will have a story to tell. And you are incredibly incredibly brave. I LOVE YOU!
Bec, nausea is the worst. Hair grows back but I hate not getting to rest, sleep, etc. Hair is only one part of the journey. Don't let the people who specialize to get your hair in shape let you feel better. My girlfriend specializes into hair and she's at Disneyland. Let us go meet up with you to go to Disneyland. She make my hair build up.
You guys are amazing! You are so strong Bec. Sending lots of love to the both of you. Thank you so much for sharing your journey xxx
The way Eamon hypes you up is just everything ♥️
What are you talking about, you are damn hot & Eamon is a luckily man
I just thought that a good idea would be to put some of your hair in a resin and have it in a necklace
Hey Bec and Eamon, loving your updates always.  Bec, take it from someone who has never been able to grow long hair due to extremely hot climate, lack of voluptuous long thick hair dna and other imperfections.  I took an 8 blade to my head recently and when hubby noticed it late in the day I heard him ask “what did you do to your hair? “It was too hot, I cut it off and it feels amazing” I replied.  He walked away without a word and my gf says to me today…..”I LOVE your new hair cut”.  The moral of the story is, it’s NOT about the hair.  You are so beautiful love.  Your hair is not your beauty.  Beauty comes from your heart.  God bless you both and carry you through this time.
God bless you Bec.
One of the reasons to why the monks shave their head to to prove that external appearance does not define who they are. Our looks are temporary and so are our bodies, to be attached to them causes suffering.   To realise and actualise this fact is a rare but beautiful awakening, this powerful lesson will have an undoubtedly positive impact on your life and others around you.    You’re strong and these lessons are hard, but not everyone will have this immensely insightful experiences during their lifetime. You’re beautiful because of who you are and not what you were born with.   I’m sending all my love, you got this 💪
Both of you guys are incredably beautiful and brave!!!❤
Damn, not easy at all
Bec looks AMAZING!
Bec, not many people can pull off the Sinead O'Conner look...girl...YOU can. You look amazing!!! 😍  Ps, I'm so, so,SO in love with Big Bear!! He is an amazing pooch and I'm sure he brings you guys much comfort in this time. Please give him a big hug and kisses from me, a fan from Down Under. Love and light to you three xxx
You can do it you are both amazing what a blessing to have Eamon as a support person god bless you both you are in my prayers xx
Loving you two guys 💖
❤
Bec you are amazing and so brave sharing your story. You look amazing and very beautiful, Eamon you are amazing too giving Becs’s so much support and love. Sending you both much love
❤️❤️❤️
I'm 16 was diagnosed last year of lymphoma went through 5 months of treatment , but the thing is that I did not tell anyone after moving states I told none of my friends because I felt as if they would pity me and I didn't like people to feel bad for me . After those months my hair has grown back (different texture) but hair and to see you sharing your experience really makes me happy because you are saying all of the things I was saying behind my shell THANK YOU!  Im cancer free now and will be praying for you throughout your journey
Bec, you look stunning as a ‘nude nut’ (Aussie for bald)!!!  I know you probably won’t see my comment amongst the 10k other comments, but I am curious what the side effects are of the cold cap therapy that you were talking about. My mum is going through chemo and using the cold cap. But she is only getting one type of chemo, which is much easier than multiple types (which I assume you are receiving). She has kept her hair so far…  Totally respect your choice not to use it. I can’t imagine how hard it would be for it not to work.  LOVE you are still putting on your make up. If you look good you feel better!! Maybe ask your local breast cancer support organization… they might have make up artists who can help with doing makeup without hair. They have them here in Brisbane Australia who are absolute angels.
You did really well with loosing your hair  bec, and  as eamon has said you look beautiful, you looked great when your head was shaved and look even more beautiful now bald  💜💜
You are a amazing Bec and how  Eamon and Bec how cares how you look like but you do look amazing
Man. How incredibly beautiful  you are. Love to you both.
Bec, you are beautiful & you are both so full of light, even on a video it radiates through. You wonderful people, I’m sending so much love 🌞🧡🧡
Bec you look like the strong and beautiful woman you are when you're bald. The wigs look great too. And I love that you let yourself cry and feel whatever negative emotions you were feeling that's really the best way to deal with it. I've been following your journey but haven't commented before but i just wanted to say that you're so strong and inspiring for handling everything so well, and sharing your journey so that those who may be going through the same thing as you feel less alone. Much love❤
ask Capt B for wig names :D
Bec, you are so incredibly stunning with short hair and no hair! It makes your smile and eyes pop so much :) you’re amazing, you should be so proud that you’re sharing your journey. Good luck!
You being so raw with ur experience in a different aspect but very serious voice for others. You are speaking for lee and making her very proud.   ( I didn’t even hear you and you said you’re wearing lees sweatshirt to feel strong when I typed this I got chills. Wow)
Love you guys. All the love from Australia ❤️
Maybe Eamon should shave his head?
You are such a beautiful amazing person❤️
You look amazingly beautiful with no hair Bec💕💕💕
Bec you look beautiful no matter what. Eamon you are an amazing person and partner.  Recently my uncle is diagnosed with leukemia and me and my family are worried for his health, but we are all trying to stay positive and whole heartedly praying for his full recovery.  I am also praying for your full recovery and praying for Eamon to have the strength and positivity throughout this journey.  We will all get through this hard time together.   Lots of love, well wishes and prayers.
Let's face it! I knew you would be beautiful because you radiate it from the inside out, in every video, so does your man. I had 4 wigs. Each had a different prasanna. I used to joke that my cancer side effect was multiple personality disorder. It's definitely scary at first. Then just embrace it and have fun!!! ❤️❤️❤️U
Eamon is such a supportive partner omg 🥺  I met you guys at your van meet up in Portland, Oregon a few years ago. I didn't know who you were at the time, my partner and I were just driving in our van down the road and saw like 20 other vans parked along the road and knew we had to stop. Forgetting I'd already met you guys like 10 minutes prior, I'm the girl that introduced myself to you guys a second time. Bec said "wait we just met!!!" 😂 Ever since then my partner and I have been following your journey and I'm so glad we happened upon your meetup that day. You're both such incredible, kind, genuine, and inspirational people with huge hearts. Thank you for sharing your story ❤️ I can't begin to imagine how difficult this is for you. I know that you're going to kick cancer's ass though. Sending you so much love.  Ps. you look incredible bald 🥰
You look great, bec! 💕
IM CRYINGGGGG YOU LOOK SO GOOD
Big kisses from Australia!  You’re a beautiful bright light Bec.
you are both so brave and amazing ❤️
❤️‍🩹❤️💕
Congrats on the 1 mil subs! Also, Eamon, you're an amazing partner, and Bec, you're a warrior 💪🙏
I’m so grateful to you both for sharing your lives, all of it. You are beautiful people.
❤🥰😘😲 you look amazing
God made some perfect heads, the others he covered up with hair...Just saying.. you rock
I used a lint roller after I showered to get those little pieces off after shaving my head. You look amazing! You got this :)
You rock the shaved head Bec. You and Eamon are such a beautiful couple ❤️
Bec you’ve got this. I am a 11 year breast cancer survivor and an 9 year endometrial cancer survivor. I did both radiation and chemo treatments over a 9 year span for both types of cancer as they overlapped for a time. Stay positive and I will start sending you positive Reiki energy. I became a Reiki Master after learning about it during my crazy health spiral of one life threatening health issue after another and multiple at the same time. It started with the discovery that I had been walking around with multiple spinal cord injuries for 20 years. My eldest sister introduced me to Reiki. During my radiation treatments I discovered that the comprehensive cancer center offered free Reiki treatments to patients and car givers and I was hooked. It made a huge difference in how I felt and how my body responded to the treatments.
You're the most beautiful person I've come across since I started watching all these youtube travel channels and I swear it takes so much courage. It made me cry just looking at you cry and almost have no imagination how hard it must be for you, to sit there and cut it off. You're the strongest, take all our love and get well soon so that we can aallll get happy with you, soon ❣️✨ You're awesome!
Bek you have a pretty head shape
Ok, you look stunning! Not just saying that, you and Demi Moore look amazing bald..this is your badge of courage and you wear it well with grace and beauty. Stay strong, youve got this and we’ve got you!
Bec there is no one more beautiful than you today!! Hair will grow again but the kind soul that you have will remain forever. I pray for your full recovery! Love from Greece
Love you guys.you are the best
you are of extraordinary courage, we love you very much, our prayers go out for you.
In this heartbreaking and sad situation you guys are truly lucky to have each other. Best of luck to you Beck, you’ll see,  soon all of this will be just a memory from the past, a hard parenthesis of your life that made you stronger then ever…
Wow you look stunning bald - you are beautiful
So much love to you both. Eamon, you are an amazing partner. All the strength to you Bec you are so beautiful no matter what ❤️❤️❤️
One thing about being bald... is that your beautiful ears are more visible and you can dress them up with cool earrings... which you rock BTW! And for some reason - at the very end of the video your eyes are bright and your smile is so beautiful. Not blowing smoke... genuinely - without the hair all your other features stand out and you look beautiful.
Watching your videos warms my heart - you're both such strong and beautiful people xxx
Sending all my love to you both! Bec I have always been jealous of how beautiful you are and you are so much more beautiful now! Inside and out just an incredible woman and I strive to be like you! Eamon you are so supportive and I am so happy that you have found each other! I cried with you both and laughed with you both through this video! ❤️
Thinking of you from OZ💚
Bec you look amazing totally have a Sinead O"Connor vibe. Always remember this is temporary and you got this Chica!!!
so impressed with you both, so many people go through this in private and i understand it's extremely hard for you but i am sure so many people are grateful that you are sharing this so that they can see that you are all not alone.  sitting here bawling like a baby when you started shaving your head, thank you for sharing with us xxx
Love you guys.....
BEC, Bob,Bald,BEAUTIFUL, BOLD,BRAVE, BADASS!!!! Sharing the way you do as individuals and as a team is THE most positive boost ever – thank you for teaching me to see something beautiful in every day😇❤️🙏☀️
You are beautiful Bec... 😍You are both lucky to have each other ❤
You go girl! Even though I don't know you personally, I can't help but feel proud of you. Massive love to you and to Eamon. X
Sweet woman. I'm a 4 time cancer survivor. Here for you. Please, please, please, buy the book, "Cure for all Cancers. Dr. Hulda Clark. She was not allowed in the US but was allowed in Toronto. I wish you heard of her sooner.
And the award for most beautiful shaved head goes to.......drum roll please.... BEC!!! <3
I was not emotionally prepared for this video 😭😭 You look awesome Bec with a bald head! 🥰🥰
I think I’ve been a watching ur channel since around maybe 2015 could be wrong but I’ve been watching subscribed commenting and always following ur guys journey since day one so much respect and I’m so invested because first wig dosnt need a name it’s incredible that it wasn’t made of your own hair looks so much like you her name should be bec 007 and your second wig if they’re able to incorporate eamon and your hair will be like becmon 2.0or something fun and bald bec is a goddess that at her core represents unconditional love, genuine personality, understanding for people no matter their journey, human connection, and a role model for all. Along with that I do feel the same about the strength of a energy eamon with the reversal role of need support I hope ur shift is beautiful and natural ur in my deep prayers and unconditional love and support. I may never meet u but know I truly support and love you guys, family, and ur other supportive friends. Lee is always with u too and being ur angel I can feel it.
WOW Bec, you have fantastic facial bone structure - your cheek bones are more evident now that they are revealed. Gorgeous.
This hits kind of close to home. Cause I'm recovering from covid-19 and I am back better.. breathing but I don't wanna compare myself cause illness of any kind the pain is undescribable. I just have so much less ane thin hair now. My hair was the only thing I liked about myself,
Eamon - You are an absolutely amazing husband!   Congratulations on 1 million subscribers guys!   Bec, you are gorgeous no matter what! My kiddos have been watching your channel with me for the past four years, and they said that you are so beautiful in all of your forms! We are thinking about you all!   And definitely keep that wig hat, Eamon! We miss your long hair! 🔥
Just think of all the awesome head scarfs to could wear on days you can't be arsed with a wig! You look stunning and like Eamon said it's just hair. Sending big hugs *I added this comment before you revealed your head scarf collection :D
Both of you look gorgeous! Not just with or without hair but the vibe around you is inspiring.  Having a partner like Eamon is all you could wish for in a situation like this…Thank you for sharing your story!❤️
Bec, your short cut looks so freaking cool. u should honestly consider that as a legit cut for the future! all the best!!!
Bec you are such an amazing strong beautiful person and you can literally rock every single hairstyle imaginable and Eamon you are the dream partner to have so strong and incredible. Both of you keep strong it’ll be over before you know it. Love from Australia 🇦🇺 💗
Love you beautiful people 💕
Bec you are beyond brave, thank you for sharing your personal journey with us. I know Lee’s looking down on you hyping your new do up too! Can’t wait to see your recovery progress and your smiles grow bigger!!
Your so beautiful and such a great role model Bec. I hope you know you help so many of us find the good in the bad and find the light that shines through the storms we all face. You remind me to find peace, happiness, and love during hard time. I'm so grateful to exist in the same time as you and so blessed to have you as a role model. You are an astonishing woman and person, thank you ❤
You are so awesome, strong and beautiful inside and out! Sending good and healing vibes for you all the way from Hungary! ❤️🥰
You have the right face for that look!!
you two are amazing! thx from italy for sharing your hard-time life!
Sending you all the positive vibes. You are beautiful with and without hair.
Bec , you are beautiful and so strong. Sending you both lots of love from Melbourne, Australia. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
We Love you guys, you are both doing so well. Bec you are stunning, hair, no hair, wig, bandanna always.
Hi Bec & Eammon!  I was in tears watching the video. Thank God for having such a loving & cariing husband you got.  Don’t worry, you even look more beautiful w/out your hair. We’ll be praying for always. Keep the faith.  We love you Bec!
You are still amazing, Bec! You are beautiful inside and out. 😍
You two give me so much strength 💪 ❤
Your look stunning hunny
So much love to you both. I feel like my best friends are going through this and I’m crying with you every step of the way. So much love 🥰😘
Aww Bec you are seriously so brave, beautiful and honestly cannot believe everything you are going through right now - our hearts go out and thank you so much for sharing your journey with us all!
You have a perfect shaped head! When I was a punk I shaved my head, and conservative type men loved it and told me never to grow it :)
Stunning inside and out. The “I look kinda cute bald” realisation was everything. You’re both sharing this journey with so much grace 🙏🏼
Wow! Thanks so much for sharing your journey with us, both of you. I love that you just love on each other through the good times and the shitty bad times. I wish you both all the best.
You are amazing
Come on Bec ... stay strong we don't need your hair... we need your heart ... as Eamon said, We don't need hair to love :) , so you still look beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
You babe, 100% look bad ass and super hot with a shaved head and I am so grateful you are sharing this journey with us.   People say “it’s just hair” and it is, but you Becs look so killer.  And who knows you may wanna keep the look it looks THAT good!
❤
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
You are still a hottie Bec! Hair or not!
no surprise to me you guys have reached 1M subscribers ... you are both so full of life and fun loving... what a beautiful couple... truly an inspiration to us all! keep being yourselves and sending plenty of love your way the USA....  stay strong.  cheers
Was Eamon going to shave his head in solidarity? Then get some heavy metal t-shirts and embrace the look. Honestly, you are doing great Bec and Eamon is right, you still look cute. When this is over, I wouldn’t be surprised if you decided to keep short hair.
Long Distance Hug!
Much much love to you both ❤️❤️
You are brave - what you are going through is beyond difficult. You are beautiful w hair and a shaved head. Today some woman choose to shave off their hair, so I do not think it makes you appear “sick” as you stated. Remain positive as you shared in your last video about your body taking the treatment well leading you towards full health. You really are a good looking woman (hair or not), but more importantly helping so many with your courage and outlook. Blessings to you ☀️
I love you both so much. Sunday is the highlight of my week because of you both. Bec, you are so strong, brave, and so beautiful with hair or without hair. Eamon, you are such a kind soul and I thank you so much for being so sweet,  patient and caring. We don't deserve you both. I'm so thankful to get a glimpse into your world. Sending you both all the love in the world. I'm praying for you guys and sending you so much love. I know when my mom was going through this, losing her hair was the hardest part for her. She is on the other side of this and she is stronger then ever. You got this Bec! love you both.
You and emmon are the best my sweetie sweetie girl you will loose every hair on your body you are butiefull and always will be butiefull bec I was like you I had stage 4 breast cancer with a mastectomy I embraced the bald you will power through you are tough sweetheart.the chemo is tuff but you will do it..❤️❤️❤️
Demi Moore in GI Jane.  Strong and beautiful!
You guys.....just too damn cute.  Love how Eamon is such a great person and tries to be for you Bec, what he thinks is best for you at that particular time. Funny if it helps, cuddly and emotional he is your rock.  Two beautiful souls, sorry to see you go through this Bec but Your strength is amazing. You are an inspiration to others.  You are so strong to share your journey with all of us and we all know you will come through this. Just remember "Cancer isn't a death sentence rather its a life sentence, it pushes one to live"
❤❤❤❤❤❤🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏Praying for you love..may you heal completely in Jesus name.
I've been watching you forever. Never commented before. I have to this time. I love you guys.
bec we all have cancer in our bodies all the time its a balance right too acidic creates disease alkaline heals it, cancer cannot exist in an alkaline environment.
I was in tears at certain points and really felt for Bec. You are strong and  courageous. And Eamon ... much respect for the incredible support. Your relationship is going to continue to flourish even more!
I went through the same process and with time you will find it very liberating to not identify yourself with your hair style. Stay strong and positive and time will go faster
Talk about crying like a baby 😭 ugh I can’t say it enough. Love you guys.
My mom had a hard time losing her hair for that same reason, she thought of it as a marker of being sick. I thought and still do, that it is a marker of unbelievable strength and courage. My mom went onto remission with stage 3 and had been cancer free for 15 years. You got this!!
Thanks for sharing your story, bec you can wear any hairstyle, you are beautiful, eamon you are the best friend and I am in love with oso
You look great Bec! You’re so strong, you got this!
Love you both so much💕
Dear Bec, I remember my mom crying when she shaved hair, because of chemotherapy (stage 3, breast cancer), it was in 2019, and after chemotherapy, surgery and physiotherapy her hair is all grown back, now she laughs when she looks back, wish you to laugh at this situation soon ❤️❤️ I exactly know what you are going through, but please remember, after rain always comes sun ❤️ and if you wish follow this amazing couple, Dilan and Delia Chatwin, Delia had stage 3 breast cancer as well, she is freaking warrior, her story will help you, god bless you, and keep in mind that your mood is very important through this road:  https://www.youtube.com/c/DylanandDeliaChatwin
Bec you amaze me with you constant rawness and it’s must be really hard to poor your heart out. I also agree with eamon that I love you with no hair you really pull it off. Maybe you should shave Ramon’s head too lol
You are so brave, so proud of you.
You’re so beautiful Bec, always will be. You look stunning! If I ever have to cut my hair off, I hope I look like you! I was crying all the way through, wish I could squeeze you! You’re so strong🤍🕊
I can’t tell you how many times I started crying
loving the look girl... nothing compares to you. first woman who rocked that look. look up the song not just for strength but for a little motivation.
You guys are amazing.
i’m so proud of you bec, your so strong, remember we all love you ❤️
I lost a lot of hair last year and i thought i had cancer but it was because i was pregnant and ended up miscarrying.  a side from the emotional clips, oso’s broken cone was the funniest thing. woah! Bec you look like a badass with the new look, own it.
💕💕💕💕💕
Hair no hair your just beautiful and eamon is lovely too
You should get a wig!
"I am cute" yes you are Bec, not just saying that you are beautiful and its not because of your hair or lack there of 😊 the beauty people see is you! ❤💯❤
I know we shouldn’t focus on looks but YOU LOOK AMAZING … your face just pops and you look so refreshed if that’s possible with what your going through … but really … stunning … and Eamonn is incredible !  What a wonderfully positive and amazing couple you both are 💕
Both of you are amazing!  Thank you for sharing your journey ......Eamon you are so wonderful with how you are supportive in this journey of Bec's.  Hang in there Bec.
Henna head tattoo next week?
U are beautiful 😍😍😍😍
Rocking the new hair-do Bec! Looks awesome!
Sending all the love ❤️ you’re both AMAZING 🤗 these things are sent to test us, and just know you’ll soon be the survivor who can offer true insight and support to others who need to fight it. That’s a lifetime of love ❤️
I feel like Bec is family and seeing her breaking down made me cry with her and I just want to give her a big hug. You're so beautiful with or without hair!
Thank you so much for sharing your journey! 💜stay strong x keeping you all in my thoughts xx
Bec you look beautiful long hair, short bob, or bald.  You are such a beautiful soul with a huge heart, just keep being you.  I'm in awe by your openness and honesty.   Eamon, you rock, it's hard being the support person, especially because you can't make Bec's cancer go away.  But you can love her, hold her and help her through this. Which you already are so incredibly beautifully, you're doing am awesome job.  Be sure to give yourself time too, it's extremely important. Sending you both much love and healing energy & prayers.  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Sending all the love ❤️ you’re both AMAZING 🤗 these things are sent to test us, and just know you’ll soon be the survivor who can offer true insight and support to others who need to fight it. That’s a lifetime of love ❤️
We are right there with you ,all the emotions im feeling ,you are beautiful and thank you for sharing ❤❤❤
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Embrace it all. Good and bad. You both are killin this and God never gives us what we can’t handle!! Powerful & phenomenal woman Bec ☀️
Going through the tough times shows our true colors and Bec was so adorable and sweet telling him she wanted a Mohawk first through tears and then asking Eamon If he was okay when she was going through something traumatic. And I don’t even have to mention how awesome Eamon is being to her but I will 😜
When I got to same stage (having to shave my hair off bc/o chemo) I reminded myself of all the women my age I´ve seen with shaved heads and how cool and badass I´ve always found them to look. It helped me alot, and it was actually worse for my kids than for me. Im really happy to see you embracing the bald head and choosing to let it show. No wig in the world is gonna be as beautiful as the natural you, and you are absolutely stunning. (And badass too, never forget!).
Sending all my positive happy energy towards you and loads of online hugs to help you go through this tough phase.
💛godess 💛
❤❤❤❤❤
Many hugs to you both this is so raw and extremely brave for you to share with us all my heart send vibes my brain send vibes x
You look amazing bald❤️ you got this girl 💪🏼
You could so pull off a Wednesday Adams
Much love to you both.
Sending you guys lots of love, you've got this! ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️ sending all the love ❤️
Never seen anyone suit EVERY hairstyle better than Bec does. Just shows that beauty truly is within. 🙌🏼🥰
All my aroha to both of you. Bec you are amazingly strong and powerful 💖
those blue medical masks have been recalled they are full of morgellans aka graphene nanobots, sure it science fiction but isnt poisoning yourself to supposedly cure you kind of warped? yep its warped and it doesnt work and you arent going to have any more nipple action by the time they are done chopping your boobs off to pay for their wages. thats all it is a big money scheme satanic ritual of suffering look how much you are crying. that might be the first clue bec that your soul knows better ,,, that you are killing yourself. its not too late to stop. just stop and take baking soda 3 times a day,, its easy and it works. i have scars and a huge boil popped like a giant pimple in my boob but i was in the tub at the time and it all went down the drain.castor oil on the lump drew out the poison. also you have hundreds of lymph nodes in your armpits and chest area and a swollen one only means you need to detox if infection causes so called cancer than your body is too acidic and like i said you eat way too much soy aka estrogen for your age. its just so sad you are doing this to yourself when med beds are coming ,, hospitals will be phased out ,,, those pushing this killing treatments well im not sure what exactly will happen to them ,, remains to be seen but canada is getting the med beds first for some reason. tesla healing frequencies and you dont need the med beds to get started on that . also its very possible those so called therapists you are talking to are AI.
Hello to you both.  I'm glad you got  through your hair loss beautiful  Beth, with the wonderful  support  from Eamon.  Lots of ❤  love Geraldine  England  xx
You never cease to be stunningly beautiful. You both have such wonderful souls. You are both so strong and brave and I love you guys. You've got this.
you can do it🙂
Bec you are so amazing and Eamon you are so supportive ty for sharing your life together❤
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out! I keep thinking how you guys were lucky with covid because now you have this beautiful oasis to call home during Bec's treatment. Sending much love!
You look amazing
Your true beauty is inside you.  Your hair is not a part of you and it does not define you.  Stay strong, and I am sure you will power through this as just one more little challenge that life throws your way.
Let me just say, how amazing and strong and brave, you both are! I know losing your hair, had to be hard, Bec. But Eamon's right...you ARE beautiful with hair or without! And you're doing wonderful with all of this! Of course, you've had sad days. You wouldn't be human, if you didn't! But with Eamon's wonderful support, there's no question, you CAN do this! Eamon, take care of you, too! Sometimes, the caretaker tends to look after everything, but himself. Do reach out to a therapist, or a good friend, if you feel you need that extra support! Both of you please know, that this stranger in far away Missouri, continues to keep you both in her prayers!!! 💗
It's hard to see how much you identifyed yourself over your hair, Bec. The pain you felt there touched my heart. But it's so awesome to see how Eamon backs you up and how much you two love each other. Bec, you are beautiful whatever happens to you. You are both so strong and your relationship looks so healthy. You will get through this. I believe in you both. Love from Germany.
Hang in there bec!  We love you ❤️
Can I just say you rock both the bob and the bald cut! 😍😍
Shave in solidarity
I cried through the whole epizode, you are both so beautiful and amazing 😘
I cried 75% of this video. Went through the exact same thing with my little sister and her bc journey not very long ago, actually I was the one to shave her head… I think I took it harder than her, but she looked amazing with a shaved head and eventually a completely bald head! She is super young like you Beck, and her hair grew back more beautiful than I had ever seen! Stay strong, and positive and never look back. I am sending my love, a hug and positive vibes to you all the way from Hawaii! You got this!!!
This  sent me on an emotional roller coaster, I’m a breast cancer survivor and I shared my growth of three years. Bec it is hard but eventually when someone says to you “ it’s just hair” one day you truly will see that it is. I try so many styles now because I’m like well if it falls out at least i know i can rock a bald head lol. I’m praying for your strength and endurance on this journey #pinksis  💓
Demi Moore G.I. Jane that who reminded me of when you shaved....It looked amazing on you.
I think you look amazing! Now you cant hide the beauty behind the bangs or the long hair :)
Gosh Bec, in response to your words, "I look great bald." I totally agree. You look stunning. What a beauty. And u are both such a beautiful mutually supportive and loving couple. All the essential ingredients for this healing journey. God bless.💖
I'm sitting in a train, crying and laughing in public, watching your journey😄😍 You're both doing so great and Bec you are so beautiful without hair. Your evergrowing, lovely partnership is amazing to watch
You areeee soo beautifulllllll to me with or without hair.🤓. Your beauty lies inside and out.  Who wants hair anyways? To hide your beautiful face!! Sending healing vibes your way my friend!!!  Eamon what a great idea for a gift!!!!  ❤️U xo
I literally cried through this whole video with you Bec. I know how much you loved your hair. And it will grow back. But you look amazing now. I know it's hard to embrace it but just take it one day at a time. And Eamon is such a great hype man for you. He always brings out the best out of any situation. Bec always remember you are loved by many on and off social media. You are strong, beautiful, courageous, and powerful. I can't wait to see the video. See you next Sunday 💛
You’re so beautiful 🥺
well your making big bucks off it look at that 11000 comments already,, chemo kills becca, remember that please. i have no other words for you at this time.
Becca, you are strong, brave, and beautiful.  I don't know what you are going through but I am about to shave my head just for you.   A good thing you don't have to worry bout washing, drying, and making hair nice one less headache now.   Prayers for you every day.
You look AWESOME, you made me cry. You guys are so sweet together
Not sure if you will see this but just wanted to add to what everyone else has been saying which is the absolute truth and that Bec you are truly beautiful inside and out! You are rocking that buzz cut and you are so, so brave for sharing this journey with the world. Wishing the absolute best for you and your recovery. 💪❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are such an inspiration Bec! Such a strong, brave woman! You have got this! 💛💛💛
this reminded me of before you even had cancer i had a dream of you being bald and it looked just like this it was beautiful but you are, it really is hot!
I started crying when I heard Bec singing 😭 We love you buddy! stay strong 💪🏻
I appreciate you guys taking us along this journey with you, i am always anxiously waiting for these videos and an update on how you both are doing. Thank you for being vulnerable and allowing us to be a part of your healing. Always thinking of you two and your family, sending so much love and healing your way.
you both bring so much strength and happiness to this world. You're both the most beautiful people sending all the love and positivity, always xx
I was crying with Bec this whole video, thank you for allowing us inside your beautiful, warm, huge hearts. 🙏❤️💕
Her face is so beautiful and real it made her haircut look honestly so fantastic she is rocking it. I hope she is so proud of herself. Love too you Bec ur beautiful you really are.
Aw, Bec…I’ve gone through through the journey of losing hair from chemo,  twice! Watching you go through this brought me right back to all those emotions- I cried right along with you.  For me, the fear of “showing up” bald (especially to work or to see friends/ family for the first time) and being identified as “sick” was absolutely one of the hardest things.  I never felt sick in anyway (except from side effects of treatment).  BUT!! Ultimately isn’t such a revelation once the hair is gone to see how beautiful we are without it?  Amazing.  *Btw, I have a mole on the crown of my head too…which annoyed me to no end!  Happy you were able to get yours removed right away!  One less thing to be bothered with!    Please know that your grace, humor, strength and bravery in sharing your story make you even more, next-level, badass beautiful than you already were! Wishing you ALL the best!
You are both beautiful people – even more so on the inside. As my yoga teacher says: let your inside beauty always be the place where your beauty is coming from. And that's so true for you both. But then: I mean, how pretty can one be with no hair?! So digging your style, Bec!  Also: I have the same mole on my head, and I've been self-conscious of that all my life. Now researching where I can get it removed. Thank you for sharing your journey!
You are so brave and beautiful and so lucky to have Eamon by your side. It breaks my heart that you're having to go through this. I'm praying for you. 🙏
Beautiful bald! Own it Bec, OWN IT!
So happy you are doing well with your transition with your hair. It was hard. I remember the day my mom gave the OK to remove her hair. We did together. She looked amazing too! Oh my gosh it was hard to do. My mom loved her hair. She’d get it done every two weeks at the beauty salon while dad sat in the car reading while waiting for her. Like my dad, Eamon is so supportive. I’ve been praying for you both. You’re doing amazing! Keep your joy, your gratitude, and you’ll keep your peace. Father God, continue to love and keep Bec and Eamon as they travel through her healing progression. In Jesus name, amen. ❤️
you ARE beautiful, you ARE strong, you ARE amazing Bec !!!! Eamon you are an incredible partner !! Lots of love & strength to you both xxx
Oh how I love you two............ Sending power/strength and LOVE to you both!!!
You look fabulous ❤️ You are both amazing humans ❤️
Bec- I love you. You're so strong & you got this! And omg- shout out to Eamon as well for being the most amazing supportive partner that anyone could ever ask for. You are both blowing me away with the love & compassion & comradery you have between you. I know you don't know me, but I'm standing here with you!  Sending all the love & support!
It’s such a blessing you guys have Ossa right now- for Eamon too. Dogs are so intuitive and give us what we need. Sending so much love to you both, you make my heart full.
You look great. Beautiful inside and outside. Big hug.
😻😻😻❤️❤️❤️😘
Strong women, like you Bec, are what makes the world a better place!!!
Sweetheart you are so beautiful and not just from the outside but also from within. Know you are being showered with prayers from all over the world, you are loved for who you are, and you can’t ask for a more loving and supportive husband❤️❤️❤️.
You really do suit a shaved head, you look stunning
You look beautiful!! Amazing couple!💚💚
You look absolutely stunning with no hair!  I’d probably look like a man bald 😳🤣
GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO ! You guys are super strong and I send you great vibes, positive energy, and virtual hugs from sunny Sicily!
You do look beautiful Bec
you guys really *deserve* a million-plus subscribers   i never miss your content   i’m always amazed and impressed and inspired   keep rockin it !
Bec, I cried right along with you, as Eamon shaved your head. I wished I could give you a big hug. But, you have a wonderful support person in Eamon. I love watching the two of you together, you are such a beautiful couple. And yes Bec, you ARE beautiful bald.
You are beautiful just for being you!!   Prayers for you
Prayers!  You've got this!  My sister walked the journey and self care is so important.  We love you.
Hair grows back quickly,and you get thicker hair,,,curly thick hair…you look so beautiful…it’s a bad phase,you will get through it …..trust me…lots of love ❤️😍❤️💕🥰 from Indian aunty who went through chemo twice
What a beautiful man Eamon is - so supportive. You wear your baldness with pride! I can imagine that transitioning from  such long hair to short is very difficult. U actually look amazing in that short wavy bob!  I look forward to your videos ! Oh, just curious, why  does your doggie wear that cone sometimes?
Sending lots of love and prayers. You are braver than you know. And YES 👏🏾 embrace the journey. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec, everything about you is beautiful, you exude light, and now we find you have a perfect shaped head, what a blessing. For a moment when you had the wig on I forgot about the situation because you looked like you always have. Beauty and the beast LOL. Love to you both from Calif.
I Wish you both a happy healthy life ahead Eamon and Bec! Loads of love for both of you!
Bec you could honestly pull a ruby rose look and look super hot 🥵 you are totally rocking the amber rose look too! Just realised they are both roses 🌹   Eamon, god bless you for being such an amazing and supportive partner. You may not realise it but your strength is her strength also. It may not feel like God is with you, but I know he is if you allow him. Sending prayers your way and a positive outcome ❤️
I love you guys stay strong ❤️
Wig name: Embecka 💖
You both are just amazing people I appreciate the joy you can still give off even through tough days. Bec your absolutely gorgeous bald and can completely rock any look that’s thrown at you. Ramon your the best partner for Bec I love your encouragement and your so uplifting. It’s great you guys make me so happy and I’m so proud of Bec and her journey so far!
Bec you are shining with more beauty than you ever did with your hair. I would like to say thank you to your parents for “raising” such a beautiful young woman. God bless you. All will be well. A virtual hug.
Shedding tears for you Bec
I cried with you. You are beautiful inside and out.  I wish you didn't have to travel down this journey. Love you guys, sending tons of love and hugs. ❤❤🤗
❤️
This is the hardest video I've watched in quite a while. I just want to jump through the screen and uplift you Bec. If you only knew how gorgeous you look with a shaved head!!! There are some people who have perfect shaped faces/heads who can pull off any style they choose and this is definitely you. How does every single haircut look amazing on you?!?! I'd like to share that I have been taking "hopefully" hair-saving medication for about 4 months now. About 2 years ago I began losing my very long, super thick hair for seemingly no reason at all. My hair is extremely thin now and I am very self conscious about it. I hate it. I too might be facing wearing wigs and head scarfs in the future until I can figure out what's causing my hair loss at age 33. No family history of female pattern baldness. I have severe iron deficiency anemia and I'm trying to correct it. I just hope I will find some answers after I have some diagnostic testing done in the near future. So far the medication to help retain my hair, regrow it, and stop the loss is not working. I don't have much hope left at all. It's crazy how much a woman's image and the feeling of beauty comes from her hair. I chopped my hair into a reverse bob at age 20 when I was feeling brave one day after a terrible break up. I felt like a man and very ugly for some reason. I wonder why we are so attached to our hair from young ages. And this goes for men as well. It's devastating for a man when he loses his hair.   I'm so glad that you are feeling a little better about your shaved head now. I hope your positivity persists. We all know you are strong and will get through this. Bec, you're a saint to me....it touched my heart when you asked Eamon if he was okay after he shaved your head in the bathroom. At a time like that you were worried about him and how he felt. You two are amazing people and I wish my husband and I had friends like you. You are both made from special stock, that's for sure!
You look amazing and beautiful without hair. You're a strong loving lady you will get through this. There are no words to make you feel great but know this you're loved and acted for by millions.
Just fyi....you're stunning!
Congrats Bec for getting through the hair loss. You’ll soon be able to comfort other women as having had the same [hair]do! Cancer levels the playing field so-to-speak: there’s no one kind of woman who gets breast cancer. Luv to you fellow survivor!
💖💗
I believe the greatest form of love is shone to us by sacrifice. What we are willing to give up for the love of someone else. Too often and too frequently is life filled with bitterness, anger, hatred, and jealousy. Just imagine what kind of world it would be if we all loved one another, if we all cared, and had concern for each other. That we all did our best to make sure life was good for everyone.  That no one was homeless, that no one faced despair, rejection, or pains of loneliness and self-doubt. That there were no more wars, wars built on greed, and man's fear of each other, fear of the unknown. I think of the ultimate sacrifice when a carpenter named Jesus Christ from Bethlehem faced beatings, whippings, insults, injury, and crucifixion for our sins. who died so we could become righteous, to never again face the fear of death or the nightmares of the pains of hell ever again. a righteousness we could never earn unto ourselves, not based on our performance, but given to us as a gift of mercy. Call unto the Lord Jesus Christ, forsake your sins, believing with all your heart that he is the God who created heaven and earth, and he will gladly forgive you and welcome you unto the family of God forever. ''For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life'' John 3:16   "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;  Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.  For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,  Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth"  2 Timothy 3:1-7  ''The Lord is not slack concerning His promise, as some count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us,  not willing that any should perish but that all should come to repentance'' 2 Peter 3:9
the most supportive man one can ever have , Eamon hats off to you man! I wish I had a partner like you!
Hair doesn’t make the woman.
Lots of love and strength Bec ❤️
Bec you take it all with so much grace and Eamon your love and protectiveness over Bec shines.
I was thinking Furiosa Mad Max during the shaving. You are rocking it Bec! It’s so sweet seeing how gentle and kind you are with each other. Sending love and light xx
Hi from Vancouver! Thanks for sharing your journey. I am sure that you are reaching so many people who need to hear you right now. Take care!
💕💕💕
I cried with you so much. I love my hair and I know if I was in your shoes I would be crying too. You are so strong and you do look soooo good bald! You’ve got the bone structure for it for sure!
Man I hope your good, I’ve been feeling pretty bad lately but can’t go to the hospital:( get well soon
Get well soon bec,.. Eamon is the best partner for sure
I'm loving how you're sharing with the world the power of positive thinking. I fully believe mind over matter makes a difference. I have Alopecia and have been wearing wigs for nearly 3yrs. One day I'm wearing a red bob the next day I'll have a brunette pixie cut. It was a feeling of freedom when I shaved the last of my hair off. If it has to be and can't be changed than damn it, embrace it, get on with it and maybe even have fun with it.  Wishing you both all the best in your journey.
I cried every time with you. You are so strong and it's beautiful to see, how you stay positive and grow with this situation. You are both so loving and I love you. Sending love, light and hope to you guys, every day. You are amazing!! Looves ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec is so beutifull
Beautiful souls, both of you.  Sending much love. ❤️❤️
Eamon, you are a real man. I love how you treated this situation. You sir have my respect, which is way harder to get than a like. you sir are a true gentleman, and I love that. I hope you both are doing well.
Oh, and I think Eamon should shave his head, too!
Get Oslo an inflatable neck thingie. :) Sooooo much easier on them.
Your beautiful! Praying for your journey!
Sending you lots of love and prayers! You're looking amazing Bec!!!
You are amazing person you can get through this .
I didn’t shave mine because I figured longer pieces would be easier to pick up all around the house than fuzz. Most of mine came out overnight one night, and my wonderful husband got rid of it before I saw it.  We’re three years out now (yes, we… we found out four months into my treatment that my husband also had cancer) and it’s all a distant memory. My hair is back to it’s original length, just curlier. You’ll be there someday, too. :)
We love you both!!
I could not make it through the entire video without commenting. Bec you are so strong, I had to pause when you mentioned Lee. She is there with you from your treatments and also you resting at home. Lee is with you every step of the way giving you the support you need. Even if she’s not physically there with you. I’m deeply sorry this is happening to you, even though I do not know you personally. I have had several thoughts through out my everyday life that you will get through this. Your current state will make you stronger and past love  one are GOING to make sure you get through this and have an amazing family for very many years to come. ❤️❤️❤️💙💙💙
Congratulations on the 1M mark... You two are amazing, continued love and support... Great big warm hugs...
Your story is here for a reason. You both are so beautiful and never ever let anything make you feel like you aren't passing on a special emotion to all of us. We are here to share your journey as much as we can. Prayers to you both.
Oh, Bec, you are beautiful no matter how you wear your hair! All we see now is those beautiful eyes! I'm a great granny and have not experienced what you are going through but I cried with you. I have watched you for a very long time and now I'm praying for you that God will bring you through this well and 100%! My daughter watches you, as well, and she will be praying, too. Much love to you both! 💕
You look spectacular “ bald”.  Please don’t wear a wig.  You don’t look like a “cancer” patient.  You look like a strong woman!
What a beautiful, amazing woman you are 👍  what gorgeous man you have by your side 💚
You Bec are absolutely stunning and I hope you know it. Eamon is an amazing man and your love is truly beautiful. ❤️🇨🇦
Get well soon...😢😢😢
Just saying  Bac in ✨shaved✨ hair looks so good it’s unreal !
You have a beautiful shaped head. This will pass. And thank you for sharing.
Hi there guys love to see bec with the new hair do i have been with u since your journey started if i may say im from south africa and i just saved my hair of to to support you through this your hair will grow back and you look stunning the way you are love bertie joubert bye guys
You look beautiful Beck, stay strong and may you beat this asap, God bless.
Bec. You look absolutely gorgeous! Not to mention short hair too! I believe through every change you make you still look so beautiful. Your strength shows so much and that it’s self is so powering to me. I love you guys ❤️
So resonate with that sick looking identity. I am glad though that you are openly sharing your journey. I hid mine so well that most people judged others for being so sick after me, I felt bad about that.
Bec, you got this. you gonna beat the shit outta this. but seriously, this was a hard video to watch. I'm so sorry your dealing with this, But I'm glad You have Eamon to be there for you.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You both have been in my prayers from the beginning. You look totally stunning with or without hair. I knew it would be  painful for you to go through it but the experience has made you stronger you can see it shining in yr eyes. Bless nurse Eamon he is doing a grand job and just love your new planter, he is sweet. ❤🇬🇧👍
Bec you are beautiful with or without hair but the world would not be as beautiful if you weren’t in it,cheering for your strength and health and it will grow back more beautiful,longer and stronger just like you 🌈
Oh Bec you are beautiful inside and out!! Eemon you are a sweetheart! Hope you get better real soon!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ I LVOE YOU GUYS!!!!!!
Can we appreciate what a kind and amazing partner Eamon is to Bec. Well done both of you. I am so sorry for this news and I know you are going through a hard time but I hope everything will get better. We love you and always will support you with or without hair. Through the easy and the hard during the happy and the sad times.
You are both lovely kind people with hearts of gold, I wish you both the very very very best for your journey ahead ... Lots of LoVe from Down Under
Being a cancer survivor for 14 years now, this video brought back all the emotions I went thru as well when I lost my hair.  As a woman, our hair creates an identity for us and it’s so difficult to go thru that transition.  But I can tell your spirit is strong and you will be the catalyst for so many others who have yet to travel this road. So many blessings for you dear Becca.  You’ve touched my heart. ❤️
The amount of panic when I accidentally hit the unlike button was unreal 😱😂   You look beautiful Bec❤️  So wonderful to see how much support a partner can give, Eamon creds to you, and just seeing you two go through this together and support each other is beautiful. I am crying along in this video as you two are so sweet to each other in the ups and downs of this journey 😭❤️🥰
That bob is sooooo cute and flattering. I hope you think about keeping it afterwards.
Guys you are both amazing praying and thinking of you daily and you can do it xxx
You look beautiful Bec❤️😍  You look great in your wig, looks like your hair before the bangs. But you’re so beating, embrace how you look bald,l because your gorgeous❤️😍 A pair of big loop earrings and you would look badass❤️🥰  Losing a big part of yourself that you have been used to all your life will be hard. Cry when your sad, smile when your happy, cry happy tears, its totally okay to feel whatever you’re feeling and allowing yourself to feel it.
Why did I watch this after putting makeup on in the morning? Now I have to make it all again from crying. All the love to you ❤️❤️❤️
I love y’all!!
🇱🇹❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m literally sobbing
You look amazing with all lengths of hair.  I’m sick.. (not cancer) and a side effect is losing my hair.. big chunks.  I’ve always been known as the girl and then woman with butt length hair. It’s part of my identity.  So I can kinda understand that aspect.  You are handling all of this with such grace. Thank you both for sharing it all with us.  I send you healing vibes and happy thoughts.
OMG! You look amazing ❤️! I love ya'll and ya'll are always on my thoughts. Keep rocking the bald look cause you are rocking it 🤙🏽🤙🏽🤙🏽
You Make you beautiful!! Not your hair not anything xx as you repair, your hair will one again return and flourish. But you don’t need it Bec for people to see how beautiful you really are
Bec and Eamon, thank you for sharing this and being so vulnerable with us. Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out. ❤️
💛
Wish you the best  ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Eamon I just want to say you are doing an amazing job as a partner. And it’s beautiful to see your support and love.
You do look great bald!!  I think you are both rock stars.  You deserve the 1 M subs!!  I love how much you love each other!
Mucho Amor!!! Desde Puerto Rico! 🤟♥️🇵🇷
You are strong & blessed! Sending you love 💕
Bec I'm so so so sorry <3 As it stands I think the hair rocks. I don't know how you're feeling, but I can appreciate what you're going through and know how hard it is. My mum had breast cancer in 2020 and as tough as it was she has come out the other side a completely different and better person!  My mum is currently van lifing on a solo trip around Tasmania in Australia. We love you so much Bec xxxx
Well hello Ms. GI Jane!! You look absolutely stunning!!!!
Love you both so much...💜💙💚💛🧡❤🌈
I’m so sad that you’re going through this, but man are you a ROCKSTAR!! What an inspiration! It warms my heart that you have each other! Big hugs! Sending healing vibes 🌟🌷💕
Honestly your vlogs are so raw and intimate it gives me so much respect for people battling and survivors! You both got this!
YOU ARE SO CUTE !❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇨🇦
You are amazing , beautiful and strong
You’re a beautiful girl you are gonna look good no matter what👍
Hang in there - You got this guys!!! You are beautiful!
You are so goddamn brave for sharing your story so intimately. Although I luckily have no experience with cancer in my family/friends, I am very sure your story helps a lot of people.
Bec! My mom would like you to know that you look beautiful. That we are right here with you in every step giving you our strength and positive energy. You got this.
I don’t think I have ever cried so much watching a video… your vulnerability and eamons support is amazing! You really do look so beautiful with ever stage of this hair journey! ❤️
BALD BECS IS A LOOK!! 😍😍 wow wow wow! You are beautiful for the same reason that Lee is! You shine from the inside out 🥰💕
What a team you two are. ✨
My heart goes out to you! Prayers and love from South Africa! BTW you rock! And you make bald look awesome, pure, beautiful and sexy!
Bellisima Bec!
You look like a European model with a shaved head. It looks awesome!! ❤️❤️
You can name her "EaBe" how cool that would be 😍  More power to you both ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️
You do look gorgeous.
Yes you are beautiful!
I don’t think I ever watched anything harder then this . Please be strong . You are going to get through this I know it . You are going to be just fine .
It does look beautiful. Its your face that's beautiful 😍  Without your hair also makes you look stronger. 👌
yes you  are BEAUTIFUL!  LOVE YOU!
Ik that it probably means very little as I have no idea how hard this must be for you but I shaved my head in support of you and all other cancer patients
Oh Bec, I'm so sorry I commented on your last video about cold cap therapy. I know it's probably no big deal to you but I feel awful that I even bothered you with what I didn't know was yet another suggestion to try cold cap therapy. I'm so glad you touched on this topic in this video though because it makes me feel so much better knowing that you did have this information and made a choice accordingly. Wishing you the absolute best outcome possible on this journey.
Wow, honestly, one of the best videos I have seen! How vulnerable and brave you are, Bec! You really look amazing, bald! What an inspiration to all the women going through this! 💜💜
Ms. Bec! My girl you are absolutely gorgeous with or without hair, not every girl can wear the bald look, and you are doing it like a superstar!  I think that you could wear a frying pan on your head and still rock the look!  💕BTW, Eamon you are absolutely awesome, what a rockstar ⭐️⭐️⭐️ xoxo 💋
Bec you are so beautiful in body, mind and soul. Eamon what a crazy trooper you are, the perfect example of strength, positivity and filled with so much love. You two were made for each other! ❤️🙏🏻 for a speedy recovery sweet lady.
Love you Eamon and Bec! Stay strongggg ❤️❤️
Los e seguido hace tiempo desde aquel paseo qué tuvieron con Lee ustedes se veían tan felices nunca me imaginé que pasarían  por esto, la verdad no entiendo porque a personas tan buenas tienen que pasar por pruebas tan difíciles ☹️ Les deseo que pronto pase todo esto y estaré orando por ustedes .🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
This support is so amazing. I'm bawling. I freaking admire the hell out of you both. What a dream to have what you two have.
Once you are over chemotherapy your hair grows back fast. My son's hair grew back quickly after chemo. Wash your hair after your next chemo. Your hair will come out in your hands. Save it for your wig.  Much love to you Bec.
Bec.. you are such a beautiful strong woman.. with and without hair. You're strength shines so bright.. sending you so much love.... thank you for sharing this every hard part of your cancer journey.
Beautiful as always Queen! 💛✨
Bec with short hair=super cute.  Bec with no hair hair Absolutely beautiful. Thank You both for Sharing
Simply beautiful inside and out! You are blessed, you are loved and you are light!
Wow, you're both amazing!  My heart just breaks for you as I watch your journey. Bec, you honestly rock with or without hair. Wishing a complete and full recovery. Sending hugs x
That is so awesome making hair from your hair!!! Cold cap is NOT good you are right!  It’s heavy and it doesn’t work.  Wearing a wig is awesome they feel and look so good.
Every time you cry, I cry. Every time you smile, I smile. Every time you laugh, I laugh.  You are soooo lucky to have such a strong and loving relationship !  This is your true strength ! NEVER loose that and you will ALWAYS be fine !  Have a wonderful day !  Sending you lots of love and good vibes from France 🇫🇷 💕💞💓💗💖
I love it so much that Bec  just let all her a motion out with out caring what people think and i know that is something i could never do so props to that. I love you guys so much and can i also just say that eamon was rocking those wigs aswell.💕💕💕
OMG you look stunning … what a beautiful face and soul. Big hugs from Melbourne Australia
Bec, you look genuinely beautiful.  Then, of course you are beautiful inside and out but woman, you bald is extra special.
Bec you are such an amazing person and taking all of this with such grace.  Eamon, what a rock star!  And by that I mean you have been such a  🪨  and a  🌟 for her even though I know it's gotta be so difficult.  I can't even imagine...  Lots of ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Sending you both so much love. Bec you look beautiful and Eamon you are amazing too. Bog hugs 🧡
You're finding strength you may've never known you had. Praying for you and yours and sending love. xox
Real beauty radiates from the inside the outer shell of us is just packaging and you Bec, are STUNNING!!!  You got this girl, fantastic to see you both so so positive. ❤
I feel like I have a whole new perspective on cancer now. I’ve had family with cancer, one currently active. And I never in a million years would have thought how much of a mental battle it was. I knew it was hard for people, but there is so many people in the world who would NEVER know half of the information you are so bravely and generously sharing with the world. You guys are a freaking power house, and this is so emotionally touching to watch. I hope you guys are keeping the puppy, he seems like such a good addition to your family and a good emotional support pet for this situation. He is adorable as well! If you can update us on that in the next video too that would be amazing, because I know he was originally a foster pup. You guys are incredible, and your videos mean more to us than you know ❤️
Love & strength to you two!!!! 💛💛
Bec, I swear you look sooo beautiful. ISTG!!!
Bec looks STUNNING with the short hair. Infact, when it grows back she HAS to wear a bob for a bit it looks so adorable. Best wishes and all the love to you both <3
Bec you look stunning, like a high end model.  Eamon, you are so sweet!  Sending love... 🏵️
You’re so beautiful, both of you. Inside and out. ♥️💪🏻🌻
just remember we.are here and be strong❤️
Love you and i think you are a SUPERWOMAN!!! STAY STRONG!!!💕💕💕💕
OSO Needs a New HALO
It's not the physical looks that makes us beautiful but  the positivity and beautiful hearts helps glow to our face that makes us beautiful. Fight and be strong both of you. #Subscriber🙂😘 Love you both.
You have TOTALLY built a rad place on the internet! This episode brought all the feels. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are empowering so many and Eamon is such a wonderful example of how to support your partner though hard things. Thank you, both, for being such a bright light in this world. <3
Love the love
Sending much love ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you look amazing. Take it from me, I've had several moles removed and you can't tell they were there. Good for you removing that tiny bit of insecurity. We are praying for you.
Bec, you're a beautiful person with hair or no hair. It doesn't matter. Just continue to be you and get well. And Eamon is a champ who loves and supports you. We wish you a speedy recovery.
It's incredible how undeniably feminine you look, even without your hair! You are blessed with a beautiful face Bec. You are courageous. You are inspiring. You are authentic. I for one, am down with a makeup tutorial. You don't need make-up, but sometimes it's fun to play!  Go for the French red lipstick and minimal eyes one day - then rock some fake eyelashes and big hoop earrings the next. I'd be all over a shoulder-length auburn wig, and then a platinum blonde asymmetrical bob!!!  Congratulations on your million subscribers!  I hit the red button!  Now you have a million and one!  :)  XOXOXO  -- Kudos to Eamon! What an amazing partner!
First of all, I think the world of Bed and Eamon, I know this is scary and hard on both of them. Bec, her hair will grow back, and she DOES look GORGEOUS with a ‘bald head” (i have the worse head, so I’ve always admired ppl who have beautiful heads and rock that look.) BUT, I really have tremendous compassion for Bec’s aversion to having “strangers” project “negativity’ , in anyway. It violates her privacy, her approach to getting through this, and I wouldn’t like being “exposed’ to ‘random ppl putting their ‘crap’ on me, be it sympathy, or fear, or God knows what, it’s negative and it’s an invasion of privacy. I’ve  been typing b4 Bec mentioned the ‘wig’. And I was going to suggest that just for ‘certain times’, it might be a ‘fun thing’ to purchase 2 or 3 ‘less expensive wigs’ that are kinda funky and fun! Just as a way to ‘play with fashion’, and to ‘play’,  period! - just for Bec! (And for Eamon, too! ) I think of springtime colors, pinks and purples, rainbows, .... something a cool artist would wear. ... For when Bec needs to have a ‘change’. Plus some of those ‘funky, wild’ bobbed wigs, are very sexy and tons of fun!!  AS Bec gets past chemo and has more good days where she feels okay and would love to ‘indulge’ in a ‘dress up’ party, and go out with a new ‘look’. But - I will say, Bec is BLESSED with so much LOVE surrounding her. To have her hair made into that wig is stunning, I was shocked!!! It’s so well done, 100% natural!!  That is very kind of whoever helped to make that happen!   For myself, Bec is beautiful ALL THE TIME!!. I’m not just saying this. AND - my fav.look, truly IS that ‘bald head’. Bec is ‘stunningly beautiful’ without hair, Her face, her EYES!!  - just pop, and her SMILE - she is radiant without hair. And, I’m a ‘low-maintenance’ person - so,  rolling out of bed, and looking that good! WOW!!  Bec is just  stunningly gorgeous and STRIKING!!, without hair; I’d go that route. - And, I’d have to take advantage of this situation, and rock a couple of ‘fun, wild wigs’. Please don’t think I’m not keeping  foremost in my mind that Bec fighting, right now; and I think she’s a ROCKSTAR for battling this. And, I’m always thinking of her and praying she gets through these treatments without too much discomfort, stress, and fear.  I just think, if she and Eamon have enough support to ‘maintain a goal of positivity’, then - let them kick ass!!  LOVE, LIGHT, STRENGTH, COMFORT, HEALING, and; let’s aim for Bec getting all this poison out of her body - AND SHE WILL!!!!  Btw, I had a mole on the crown of my head since I can’t remember when, and, I finally made the appointments, went to the hospital, and had it removed. I also had (at that time) long dark brown hair, and the mole was more ‘annoying’ than visible, BUT, they just froze the area, and I don’t even know how they removed it, but they did. And that was many many many years ago!!    Not to over do it;  I feel bad talking about  Bec looking “absolutely stunning” because I now the reason behind it.  But, if this bald head was NOT as a result of ‘the therapy/chemo treatments”, I’d say, “Wow!! I love what you did, Bec.”   And I’d be thinking - Bec looks like a ‘KNOCK OUT”!!!! Without hair. She is beautiful bald!!! - Having said that, I totally understand that “Bec’, (wow, I’m delayed - she already zapped the mole. LOL) - anyway, I totally understand that, Bec wants  to look,feel and BE ‘how SHE likes’, which is ‘as she always has.’  (Even though , I’m with Eamon on this one - She is HOT with a ‘shaved head’!!! Very sexy!! I’d shave it all!). But, I guess she’s not suppose to, OR, wants the process to happen, as it happens. I support and love her, whatever she decides, and I know  this therapy will pass, and recovery will begin, and it’s going to be a process.  OH!! She did it, she’s fully bald and BEAUTIFUL!!! - EAMON, are you inspired?!?? - Have you been thinking of shaving your head?? Just curious.  Listen, I know i keep commenting on ‘Bec’s “look”, but that’s what this video is about! - So, is hard not to.  Believe me, I’m aware of how challenging think must be.   Actually, I’ve been waiting for the video and thinking of how Bec and Eamon are doing.  I’m so thankful for this video. I’ve truly been worrying (i tend to worry, a lot, sorry.) - So, this is so great to hear from you guys. And, I know vlogging & editing may not be what you guys feel like doing, and if that’s true, I totally understand. It was has to be unimaginably scary and difficult times - IF ANYONE CAN DO THIS, - AND TONS OF WOMAN DO - AND SOME MEN, TOO! - THEN BEC WILL GET THROUGH THIS, WITH THE STRONGEST OF THEM!!!  Hope you have more good days than bad. Hang in there, This TOO, SHALL PASS!!! Thank you for keeping up with the vlogs. We love and care about you both so much, even though we’re strangers. But, you’re not complete strangers to us. I know that’s weird, but it’s ‘being a youtuber” and for us, it’s a joy to follow your weekly vlogs and I know, for me, I very much enjoy them & appreciate all that you guys do. You both work really hard. 🙏 OH!! - AND,  HUGE CONGRATS ON HITTING A MILLION SUBS!!!!!! THAT BLOWS MY MIND!!!! Not many achieve this goal/marker.  Shows how special you two truly are. I watch about 5 vanlifers, (or, former vanlifers).  I started watching around time Covid hit, maybe a 4 months before ... because everyone was still ‘traveling’, - and NO ONE HAS HIT, 1 MILLION SUBS!!!! (There’s maybe 1 other, but apparently they’ve been doing this for a very long time and the content is a little bit different , but not that much) ANYWAY - - CONGRATS TO EAMON & BEC.ON THE MILLION SUBS!!! - I realize this therapy and entire process is going to take a bit of time, but, keep receiving & accepting all the LOVE, POSTIVE ENERGY, HEALING THAT WE ARE ALL SENDING, And more importantly - ALL YOU RECEIVE FROM YOUR LOVED ONES !!!! Soon enough, just when you’re ‘really over it’’,  this will be “in the Past”, and Bec & Eamon will be on to a wonderful FUTURE!!! I really KNOW THAT! I just know there will be so much in their lives, in the future .... and ...along the way. Every day matters, even if some are a little hard sometimes.  🥰 ☀️🤗 🌟 🌹 🏝 😊 💪 ❤️ 🥰 ☀️
Love to you💕
Bec you are beautiful, strong and brave. Eamon you are wonderful, supportive and caring. I love how you both are able to communicate with each other instead of trying to keep it all to yourselfs. It is great to see a truly strong relationship. Thank you for sharing your story with us it is truly inspiring.
Eamon here’s a big virtual hug for you bro, my partner went through a cancer diagnosis and it’s a tough gig. You are a super supporter and are being amazing for Bec. But you need to know that you are supported and loved and makes sure you are taking time out.
Just love you Bec, so worries about being identified as sick being bald…but shouting it to the world in video. That’s pretty ironic and funny. We have been on your journey since van life and will be with your baldness journey through to recovery. You’ve got this! You’re still gorgeous. Love and prayers from Australia 🇦🇺
You are sooo beatiful Bec💛
So strong and beautiful both of you. What a great couple, so happy you have each other. Bec you are rocking the bald, beautiful in every way. Take care 💕
Sending prayers to you and fast healing in the name of god ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Welp... I cried like 12 times! Love you two sooo mucho 🙏🏽 keep rockin it, you got this Bec! And Eamon!
First time I ever shaved my head, I did the "mohawk for just a minute" too, so I had to laugh when you said that. You're stronger than you know Bec! This is just one more challenge you'll overcome.
Beautiful bec ❤
You are such an inspiration Bec! You continue to amaze me with your ability to see the positive in any situation. You are so beautiful inside and out. I’m sending you all the love and healing vibes. Thank you for being so open and sharing your journey. You are helping so many people who are also struggling out there.
I'm just a small follower but I prayed for you today. I want you to survive. I want you to live more. Cancer has taken so many even my step sister, my best friend's mother, my partner's mother and my best friend's partner's father. I want you to survive. I want you to have children. I want you to have more adventures. I don't want it to take another beautiful soul. I've been on this journey with you and I want the best. I balled my eyes out this entire video. I feel your sorrow with you. I wish you the best. I pray for your. Thank you Eamon cuz support is important. My partner is my happy place. Be that .....continue that. I love you both. I'm sorry this is happening but I hope my small prayers reachs you.
Sending you both so much love right now <3 You are such a beautiful human being Bec
In the words of my bf who's tuning in for this journey- what a bald baller 😎
Can you name one of the wigs Lee so she is with you every step of the way
Oh Guys. I just finished praying for your health plan and strength to make it through. I really appreciate you for allowing us on this journey with you two. God has you both 🙏🏼 🙌 💯 ❤️  in JESUS name AMEN!!!
So beautiful ❤️
Bec, I don’t think I’ve seen you look more beautiful than with your new shaved/bold head. You got this, the hair will grow back before you know it.❤️
Honestly I can now see your beautiful face. You were hiding behind all that hair.
❤🙏😊
I wish I had had someone like Eamon when I was diagnosed so support. Within 3 months on being diagnosed with stage 4 my husband jumped ship.
Bec YOU LOOK AMAZING BALD , / HAIR doesn't matter your soul shines brighter each vlogg thru this journey
Thank you for sharing your journey!  You are amazing and you will beat this 🤗
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” — Aristotle  My love and affection to you both, stay strong!
You are so brave and beautiful hair or no hair. I cut my hair last year in a menopause moment of been so hot over summer I couldn’t bare it. I cut it and I cried and cried. It’s now grown to my neck a year later.  Hair doesn’t divine you …you are so beautiful and so fortunate to have a man lovingly stand by your side every day holding your hand ♥️♥️🙏🙏🙏🌼🌼🌼💪💪💪🥰🥰🥰 love from Australia Perth. I’m praying for you and your healing over your body and mind and spirit xxxxx
... im just in AWE OF YOU. i have no words. LOVE YOU BEC> you WILL get thru this and on the other side of this youre going to be even more of a bad ass... i just love you!! *crying now is just how you have to watch these vlogs*... Youre amazing. Eamon is AMAZING! I just love you both so much!
Aww Bec I cried along with you, I've only ever had long dark hair too! However girl u look stunning 😍 some mascara on the eyes & some hoops in your ears changed the whole look. Eamon  u are the most caring partner any one could possibly ask for. Kia Kaha beautiful people, sending much love & positive vibes all the way from SA, Australia ❤❤❤
strong energy for both of you
no but Bec you are beautiful, u have legit the perfect head shape to be bald 😭😭😭 ur incredible girlie!! love, prayers, and positive energy from toronto💓💓💓💓
You are such a beautiful person and such an inspiration. Much love Bec.
Wow Bec, you're such a star, well done on taking things step by step and now look your boldly owning it, feel all the feels sista, many of us out here don't! Eamon your such a rock for her too, if only I had someone half as supportive as you are, what a man!!! 🙏🏼✨
Bec I love to see the confidence you have in this video. Thank you for sharing this journey with us.   Love to see that Eamon is so supportive and loving! I’m so happy you two have each other. Your love for each other truly inspires me.
Bec ♥️ you are so beautiful in and out !
Your so amazing and powerful and badass and stunning !!!
You are a soldier kick cancers ass also my wife and I send hugs and best wishes you both are amazing people
Lovely lady, you are going to nail this.  Sending healing energy from nz
I was watching holding back tears until “I wore it because it’s Lee’s sweater and I wanted to feel strong” I totally broke down. What a beautiful moment. You are so strong pretty girl!  Love you❤️
You are beautiful ❤️prayers for you precious girl ❤️🙏❤️
When my mother in law got diagnosed with cancer again (15 years after her initial breast cancer) we sold our house, put our things in storage and moved in to take care of her and her husband who had Parkinson’s. When she started her chemo and they told her about 14 days, it was 14 days and her hair was also falling out in clumps. She sat down in the chair and I shaved her head. She had thin, very fine hair. I took the cape off from her neck and dropped it to the floor. I didn’t want her to see it. She lifted it up and took a bunch and put it in a sandwich bag. When her hair came back in it was a beautiful silver and super thick with a wave to it. That’s been 10 years ago and her hair is still just as thick and beautiful. You got this girl. You will find your own comfort zone and you will be just fine. We love you. Eamon you are an inspiration. I have a guy who is so loving and my rock too.
You’re in my thoughts. I wish you good moments. 🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡
Hair cannot take away any level of your beauty Bec! You look amazing. You remind me of V for Vendetta badass babe Natalie Portman. Thank you for sharing your honest journey and your bravery. And thank you Eamon for repeating what we are all thinking “you look hot, I’m really digging this look on you.” So valid. Sending love  , prayers and giving you guys a virtual hug! Lee would be so proud. Your friend you haven’t met yet, Shelby.
I pray you journey through this with positivity & love!! I say this because I too went through it. I loved my hair & but I loved life more!!! Embrace the trip w/a smile GOD IS HOLDING YOU UP!!!! You will NEVER be ALONE!!! You'll be STRONGER than you know!!! Your hair WILL come back!!! 2 yrs. Of chemo. I made it & so will you!! FAITH IN GOD & FAITH IN YOURSELF!!! Put a 😊on your face!! YOU ARE LOVED❤GOD BLESS YOU🙏🙏🙏
Bec! You look AMAZING! Sending you all the love.
Your so strong ! Regardless off what is in your path there is always a better way of over coming it ! I truly believe this is a beautiful path that will enlighten your life in so many ways ! May god & Lee stick by your side through all the tough days ! 🙏✨
❤️❤️❤️ 🙏🏻
You are incredible. Seriously so honored to get to see your whole life and journey led by your positivity. I do have to say the way you handle the duvet days in an inspiration. I know I can never truly relate to you through this but your story is resonating with me so much. I am currently abroad and decided it was time for the annual hair cut, this time I cut it all off to help other badass women like yourself. Thanks for constantly sharing, even through the tough days. You don't know how much it truly helps. xx Alicia 💛
We love you both! Continued prayers for healing and strength for both you. Bec you are amazing!
You are beautiful❣️
Bec, as Eamon says, you really are HOT with short hair. All of a sudden your beautiful smiling face is the focus. You truly are gorgeous!
Honestly though, the bald looks fricken awesome!  You absolutely rock it!
I love you guyss... bec your a badass and you have the best partner along for this ride with you you got this girl ❤💪🏽
You're gonna get through this!!!!
You legit look STUNNING. You have such a gorgeous face to pull off bald (and short hair)! I shaved my head 2 years ago and can really relate to  the feelings of insecurity around beauty, it helped to look at bald femme stunners (Natalie Portman in V for Vendetta is iconic) to remind myself how gorgeous bald women are. 😍
Nothing but blessings and healing vibes
This made me cry, please stay strong beautiful we are all here to support you through this incredibly rough time🤍
You are so beautiful! 🤩 ❤️
That look is so you and very beautiful
When I went through my cancer scare my first thought was my hair. It’s a big part of my identity since I could remember. I am always doing something with it (color, fun cuts, different stylings). Our hair is insignificant in our everyday until we realize we are going to lose it. Seeing and hearing you go through all the emotions brought me back to that time in my life. It is scary. I’m sorry you’re having to go through this! You really do pull off the bald look! I can’t wait to see yours and Eamon’s hair in a wig. It’s going to be so special!
So happy to see you are doing well with the hair loss!  Stay strong and you are always beautiful inside and out.
You’re a beautiful human,. Thank you for sharing your story and for your strength. #fuckcancer
I have a mole on my scalp too, been something I’ve been insecure about. Now I’ll think of it as my little brain too, smile, and think of your strength and light. Love you guys and thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
Love you guys, the positivity is beaming from you both. Keep up those spirits guys. ❤️💙
you have a very nice head shape
your kind of love together makes me smile so big <3
Thanks for sharing your journey.  You guys both are very amazing.  Bald is beautiful on you Bec.
When I shaved my head my best friend said "Does your boyfriend like his women the way he likes his eagles....... BALD?" and it made me laugh so hard! You look quite a lot like Millie Bobbie Brown and I love it! Stay strong, we're rooting for you! <3
You have an awesome round head! Eamon is right!!  One day at a time sis
Bec you look so beautiful. You are both so strong, inspiring and honest. I hope you don't mind me suggesting something, but have you heard of fasting, as it helps reduce inflammation and enhances cell repair? Please refer to David Sinclairs work for more information. Lots of love to you both. Xxx
I agree with Eamon- you look like a Warrior Goddess!! Stay strong sweetheart. 💪
From one Bec to another, you are so amazing for sharing all of this! If you guys ever find yourself in Sweden in the future, mi casa es tu casa ❤
So so so thankful for these people in my lives. Even if it is just from the internet here and there I feel like better person knowing that these kinds of people exist❤️❤️
Hey Bec and Eamon, Bec, I wouldn't say that I completely understand how you're feeling in everyway, because I haven't had the same journey you're having, BUT, I can tell you this: Beauty isn't an exterior thing, it's an interior thing. The exterior is only a compliment to the true beauty of a person. It's the person who is either ugly or beautiful.  I do understand a small bit. When I was in my teens, I was a singer/ guitarist in rock bands. I started growing my hair out when I was 15, and I did it because I was in a band and growing my hair out was my way of rebelling against the norm. I wasn't a shit disturber. I just have never shared all of societies view points. By the time I was 25, my hair was at the crease of my knee length. By that time I was touring the world as a Stage Tech, Instrument Tech, Production Manager, Road Manager, long hair on a guy in the business then was a status in stupid ways.  At around 28, I began losing my hair, which I couldn't except or admit to myself as to myself, my hair was an identity. When I look back on that concept now I realize how damn stupid a thought it was. By my mid 30's I had a skin island in the crest of my head and hid the island with hats. By 40, the island had become an isthmus connecting one side of my head of hair to the other side of my head of hair. And when I would look in the mirror I could see a double reflection of who I really was...a reflection with just a slightly different point of view. That point of view being...that my hair wasn't who I was. That all this time I had been kidding myself...my identity was my skin...hahahahahahaha!!! I turned 50 this past September 2. And last summer I gave myself an early birthday present... I completely shaved my head, not to the skin. Actually I didn't shave it. I gave it a new hairstyle...'the peach'. And for the first time in many years I finally became comfortable in my own skin as I have a pretty damn good shaped head when all the hair is out of the way. And I look at it this way: In truth, I didn't really lose my hair in the first place. Something else happened, which you most likely will never experience. I began to realize that all these years I never really lost my hair, it just migrated south and colonized the rest of my body. The good thing is that the colonies are sparsely located, but evenly spread out. And If I was to shave my whole body and weigh it, it would probably equal out to the same weight as the head of hair I used to have that did nothing but hold me back from realizing who I really was. And that is: A guy who isn't defined by his hair, but by his shine.  For you Bec, you're lucky, your hair will grow back. My hair on the other hand, grows on my back. I think you got the better deal. It's just hair. It's not who you are because you're greater than the sum total mass of your hair. Your Bec. Who you are isn't what you look like, it's who you are on the inside. And you got lucky both ways, Eamon is right. You're beautiful, inside and out. Never forget that. It's just hair Hair today, gone tomorrow, Ya know! Bec, you are who you are not because of your hair. You're who you are because of the joy, compassion, love, empathic, curious, adventurous, thoughtful, spontaneous, caring way that you are you. You don't get that from your hair. You get it from your 3rd brain. Be grateful of that too because there are many people that don't have 1 brain, your gifted, ya got 3, heeheehee, I have a 3rd brain to, mines on the right side of my head just above my ear. I thought about having it removed, but realized it's great to keep my hat on during wind. Everything in life has a purpose, so they say. It's obvious 'they, have never been f'n bald... so I don't give a flying bald monkey's a#* about them. I just care about the good people. The people who make a difference in so many other peoples lives, like you and Eamon do to your subscribers like me. The last couple years there have been many times that both of you have given me some sort of sanity, crazy as that might seem after reading this comment to you. Bec, your short haircut really suits you. Makes you look more mature, yet playful. The shaved head, you have a great shaped head, just think if you were more of a conehead and never knew it. Imagine the shock that you would have had with a very defined pointed head when Eamon shaved you!!!! Ya know what I think of the shaved head look for you?  It's your way of giving breast cancer the finger and telling it go f itself. YA LOOK BADASS!!!!! Your new name is BB, for Badass Bec.  Bec, I hope you got some laughs out of what I lft in the comments for you, but even more I hope the laughter I intended gave you energy, made you feel better about the situation, and helps you on this short journey. You're gonna be alright. Just a bump in the road. You are seriously lucky in that EVERYONE that watches the channel are all collectively throwin good vibes and good energy your way. And luckiest of all, you've got Eamon, who is quickly becoming a legend for how he's there for you through this. He might get his own spinoff channel on YouTube from this. He is in negotiations with YouTube for the rights you know. OHHHHH SH*# EAMON, SORRY MAN, I wasn't supposed to say anything, DAMN.  Eamon, bro, seriously, you are a rockstar for how you've been there for Bec through this. And it's not just Bec, it's also effecting you, but you're totally being what a good husband is supposed to be, and more!!!  Bec, Stay Strong, Years ago I had a football player from the Miami Dolphins, Brian Walling, give me a poem he used to get through the hard times of his life, and in turn made him successful. The poem is called 'Don't Quit', written by Edward Albert Guest here's a link so you can read it yourself: https://www.poemhunter.com/poem/don-t-quit-10/
Bec you are so so beautiful, but sweet sweet lady it's the inside coming out!  And your radiant beautiful lady!  Stay strong through this fight, your life depends on it and you have absolutely the best support group!  God Bless you both!
You ave such a beautiful spirit
You are BEAUTIFUL, both of you. Bec  you are strong 💪 and you can fight this 💗. Eamon you are grate support, and I know that all of this is hard for you to!!! So I send a lot of love for both of you from Serbia... and one more thing,  the name for the vig  is VICTORIA, because it is strong and symbolizes a victory! 💌
Love you both and both of you inspire with your courage and strength 💖 Bec you look dorp dead gorgeous in every single stage of your hair journey. Thank you both for sharing your story.
Sending you lots of love and healing. 🤗💜🤗💜 Btw you look even more beautiful if that’s possible Bec. Xxx
You’ll get through this guys. Take care and keep going. Wish you all the great health and success in life ☺️
Hang in there! I lost mine after 2nd chemo, it's mentally very devastating. But remember it will grow back when it is over. Just remember we all are with you, your health is more valuable than your appearance. Your family is with you and they also feel the pain you are. It's a hard time and "Stay Strong".
Sending much love from Washington State  You are so STRONG you’re in my thoughts and prayers 💜🙏🏻
You are so beautiful! Thank you for your courage and transparency during your journey! :)
You are so beautiful bec and you are surrounded by so much love ❤️
Bec you are a beautiful woman with it without hair, you are a very strong woman and you will beat this and when you do your hair will grow back. Smile and stay positive!
Always Beautiful ...inside and out yourself .
Thank you my beautiful Bec 💛  Thank you for guiding me to be a strong woman. All the best to you and Eamon.
💜💜💜💜
Wig name roxy
All Love what a real channel. love you guys God Got you in this hard period. till we back on the road again
Bec you are a champ, a strong beautiful woman. You look amazing. Eaman is so good to you. It's wonderful you have such a supportive man. We are rooting for you❤
I love the new look Bec, you look amazing, you are gorgeous. To be honest the new look gives you badass vibes which is soooo cool. YOU GOT THIS!!!!!!
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. Stay positive and strong.
I cried watching this… wow Bec! I think you are one of the strongest person I know. I don’t actually know you but you are always so positive and caring. I wanne say you look awesome and you are rocking this process! Also how supportive is Eamon? He is something we all want in a person. I send you guys so much love from the other side of the world!
You are both so inspiring!
bec you look gorgeous! thank you eamon for always being so supportive. ♥️
Eamon you rock big time for telling Bec that she is Beautiful and stunning and just being you 😘😘❤️❤️
Bec I cry with you as you experience each step. May you truly feel the collective love of a million plus people. Sending robustness and energy to Eamon as he supports you.
I have been quietly watching you two and Lee and Kara  cutting her hair for you. Can't quit crying . My three daughter's are your age. Bec, it was so hard to watch you lose your hair. That was a big deal, cutting your hair adorable then shaving and losing it. You looked as cute as a button. And you have your hair for later. You are so special and precious. You are going to get thru this part, and you will be free .💕
You really do look grate♥️👏♥️
Doing such an amazing job Bec. So proud of you for embracing whatever you are going through and just getting on with it. You do look beautiful bald. xo
You are my hero! You look awesome! Stay strong:-)!
So we all agree after this is all over Eamon should grow his hair back out and Bec rocks a mean bob. Right???   Sending so much love, as always 💛
Your strength is amazing. You are rocking no hair and in my thoughts and prayers. Your ability to still have positivity in these moments is a testament to your character. I love you!! Side note - Eamons love languages show more throughout this journey. The gift giving and words of affirmation😍 along with his acts of service.
Oh I just want to give you a hug! I have struggled with minor hair loss, and it can really take a toll. You are wonderful and beautiful no matter what the status of your hair, or lack of, is!!!
I think Eamon ist the partner that you need in this situation. You two are so blessed that you have each other!
Such a strong team & such an inspiring video💛✨🌿 love you guys so much!
You're a beautiful warrior. <3
Can life get any more raw and real than these videos. Love you guys both and love how you hold onto Lee so tight. Big hugs❤️
❤️
you are so very beautiful!!
Hair has nothing to due with beauty. Beauty comes from inside. Just imagine a pure white light coming fron from above and just immersing you and the light healing you
Really you are beautiful in any case...with your kind and big heart...Thank you for your video for your work...Thank to Eamon,his and your parents...Love and hugs..
Eamon's plant gift had me in tears - so sweet. You're incredible Bec.
Sending love from just south west of your border- Seattle WA ☔️🌧💙💚
I can’t fully relate because I chose to shave my head because I wanted to but having a shower with a saved head is so cool!! It feels awesome
You are amazing- stay strong.
You look great in everything, Bec! I have always wanted to have a shorter hair but I had put that off due to my weight (I am very self concious about looking bigger). I have a bob cut now and I can relate to the difference in my showering habits 😅.  We are all with you in this journey! Sending a huge energy boost to Eamon as well for being the very thoughtful, caring, and loving partner in crime anyone could ever ask for! Wishing you both all the best! See you next Sunday! 💜
We love you both and thank you for sharing your journey 😊
Get four wigs, you call one yellow, one blue, one red and the last purple... you have your own WIGgles group, hot potato, hot potato....good luck Bec, we are all with you guys!!
Bec, you wear your life beautifully.  Thanks for sharing this journey. With no hair your eyes shine even brighter. I go to my 4th chemo this week. And my head is shaved. We got this.
I dont know you guys… but i’ve been watching your videos for a while now… let me tell you, i love you both! ❤️ keep strong!
I know this is entirely beside the point in many ways, but you genuinely look so so cool with a shaved head Bec! Some people just have the head for it and I think you do!
What incredible people. Sending prayers every day!
As said by many other commenters, I was crying along with you. You are beautiful regardless of the state of your hair. Eamon is amazing too! Embrace your inner mad max (aka bald Charlize Theron)!
Bec you are so strong and you don't need hair to look beautiful
You are a total babe Bec , hair or no hair !!!!
Just remember Bec you're beautiful inside and out. However, it's your beauty inside of you that matters the most. So keep nourishing your beauty within and it will show on the outside too, with or without hair.
I’ve been watching you two for such a long time and here I am watching this at 12am on a Monday morning crying with you ❤️❤️❤️ you are so strong, beautiful, resilient and I’m sending you all the love in the world in this chapter of your life ❤️❤️
I love the look! you look like a very high end super model 😍💯👌🏼
when i first shaved my head, it felt so great!!!
Bec looks gorgeous with a shaved head
😭 i love you two! ❤ Thoughts and prayers! You are perfect, Bec!
Your personality shines so bright Bec!! I am a new follower and love watching you to!! We’re all here for you!
If there is one thing you should be thankful for is that you are a very beautiful woman, and having no hair makes no difference what so ever, its your smile that lights up a room  !!!!
I'm a man that started losing hair so I buzz my head almost daily. It's crazy how we men force ourselves mentally to tough it out and not care.   I hope you get past this and stay mentally and physically strong as you can.   N I can't tell someone else what to do but If I was Eamon, I would've shaved my head with Bec at least until she is more comfortable with the situation. Simply out of support and love.
Much much love!
You are so beautiful and strong Bec with or without hair❤️🙏🏻 loving those headwraps and also just the bold 🤩🥳💪🏼 you got this girl! Sending you hugs and love😘
I am so proud of you!! You are so strong
Bec you look beautiful bald. It's just hair, think that it'll grow back even stronger.
You are literally so strong Bec. We are all here for you, sending you every punch of positive energy to you and your journey through this. Amon is such an inspiration to be an even better support to my loved ones as well. Wish you all the best love and energy 💜
Bec honestly you look better bald because you have such a beautiful face that glows. Stay positive and God Bless you!
I'm so in love with the bob cut on you!! It looks amazing on you!
I knew those head wraps would look good on you!
Heart to you!
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out!  You always have been. Women have always been taught that their hair is their crowning glory and I think that’s why it’s become so important to us. With long hair and your bob both you were absolutely beautiful. You are absolutely stunning bald!!  I see your eyes, heart and soul like never before. Thank you for sharing your journey with others and for keeping it real. I have no doubt you are helping other women in a similar situation by making everything less scary. Eamon, you play an often overlooked but important role model in this journey as her support system. You are knocking out of the park!  I have no doubt that both of you will come through this experience stronger and more united than ever!  Praying for God’s healing and blessings for both of you. You’ve got this!! ❤️🙏🙏🙏
I saved this one for last because I figured you two would make me cry & you did.  But I so appreciate you exposing your vulnerabilities and fears and grief and loses and growth.  You are amazing, both of you.  Beautiful in every way.
When my mum had cancer when she was losing her hair she said it was like a headache on the outside of her head
Bec seriously you’re beautiful with long hair, short hair and bald… you SHINE so bright and together you and Eamon are like a million stars, I feel so privileged to be a part of this journey with you, to be able to send you love and light and positivity and all the healing vibes possible.  God Bless You both..  Now for OSO that duct tape chewed up cracked Cone of shame had me almost peeing my pants in laughter.  🤣 love Gina 🥰
Love you beckkkkkk girl stawp you look absolutely beautiful with and without hair! But with anything in life it’s a journey, and there’s no telling how and where the journey is gonna take ya; i’m sure it’s easier said than done for all of us to say oh my gosh you look so pretty without hair but when confronted with that myself I’m not sure how I would react I’d probably have a similar reaction, but your courage and your strength and your transparency is beautiful as always and you are amazing you guys keep fighting the fight!
I love you both so much your so beautiful no matter what ❤️ be strong 💪 you got this
💛💛💛
You are a goddess. Brave and beautiful inside and out. I wish you all the universe's best to aid you on this healing journey. Thank you for taking us along on this most personal time.
I cannot imagine what you guys are feeling or have been feeling. Sending much love<3 I also loveeee seeing Ontario in the vids :) Feel closer to u guys.
Damn I never had cancer but I went bold for a joke and you inspired me to post the face shot I got of my self when I was bold as my profile pic. I can’t imagine what your going through. Also your dog is so fucking amazing.
Even when becs hair grows back she should so keep the shaved head! Looks hot 🥵
Tearing up the entire way through. Wow thank you for your vulnerability and sharing your journey with each of us. Sending so much love from yyc ❤️
I am praying for you ever single day Bec.  You amaze me with your strength and positivity, and you and Eamon have such a beautiful love.  I know you will come out a champion.  Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us.  I am sending you lots of love and hugs.  And a special kiss for Oso!!!!  What a beautiful boy he is!!!😘❤💪🙏
I completely understand how you feel. Although my brain tumor was not cancerous I was so self conscious about losing my hair even though it was just a quarter or a third of my hair. I felt lucky that it was longer so it was easily hidden because I didn't want to feel any less than. Also, I've probably got scars from having chicken pox in high school... Everything itched SO bad! I allowed myself some relief and itched my scalp freely since I figured I'd never shave my head. 😅 Little did I know! Bec is stunning regardless of her hairstyle! 😍🥰
You guys are getting the love you give. Right back!! Beautiful humans! 💝🙏💝prayers for your family and recovery!! You go this Bec cheering you both on!!
Bec you are beautiful. I have long hair that I really love also. I felt all your pain when you were shaving your head. I think you are beautiful. My Mom went through Chemo 5 times and her hair came back different everytime.  She embraced it as you are doing. Your smile makes you beautiful. Keep on keepin' on. It's OK to have bad days. I am in awe of your strength.
Prayers and blessings to this woman and her partner
I know that you guys never read comments, but I took a chance on writing this one.  This video bought back so many memories for me ... Luckily for me, my oncologist was a research doctor and informed me about things that other doctors didn't tell their patients.  Please LOVE you for whom YOU are and becoming, the journey that only YOU can tell because there's no 2 stories that are or will ever be the same. I chose not to join any support groups or do any google/internet searches because they scare the living hell out of you. I was orginally diagnosed as stage 3 (2cm from stage 4), prior to my first treatment I was informed that I was stage 4 which meant that my treatment would be more aggressive. I too had to take the AC cycle which I call "The Red Storm" ... my entire world was turned upside down. I know how you're feeling losing your hair, but you hair doesn't define you, just think ... each day, you can become whomever you want to be (with wigs of course) ... have fun with it. Anyway ... after 4 rounds of the AC cycle, TAXOL was next (which had less side effects and much lighter on the body) ... guess what ... I was allergic to it and had to do the AC cycle all over again for an additional 6 weeks ... I thought my world was ending or God was playing a trick on me, because of the little break between the different types of treatment, my hair had begun to grow back and I had more strength and energy ... back to the AC cycle ... anyway, I did it and I WON THE BATTLE WITH THE STORM, and so can you!!! Virtual Hugs .... here's my email address if you ever want to just talk, I will give you my telephone number if you ever decide to email me (myquerio5@icloud.com) and I will just listen to you cry ... no words, I will just listen. I have been there and I had great family support, but there's nothing like someone that knows exactly what you're going through.  OK ,, my book writing is over ... Hi Eamon (I know that you're the one that's reading this .. give Bec a "just because kiss" on her forehead and say ... "that's for being here with me another day" Love you guys!!!!
I am sorry that you are sick but quick question why does your dog have a cone on his head?
I really love how you share your stories with all of your viewers, it makes me feel like im part of your life and i feel so close to you guys. Bec, you are so strong, amazing, and beutiful with or without hair, you are so awsome and you will get through this!!!
I agree with Eamon, you are so beautiful! Bec you are so strong 💖
❤️❤️❤️ just sending love and support. I know you’re gonna kick cancers A$$ ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you always look stunning. With your hair, your wig, your hair when it grows back. Your are always beautiful!!
Sending you love and strength and hope on this journey you are so brave and strong thank you for sharing and know we are supporting you!
I started watching as you guys got the cabin. Every week I look more forward to the Sunday vids. Your channel has so much diversity. It is a true joy to watch you relationship in its ups and downs and constantly growing to new levels. You guys are so RAD!! Beck is a   Doll. Eamon is so supportive and just a stellar guy.
I bawled like a baby watching this ❤ Thank you for sharing. Psalm 34:18
Bec you are a trooper ! Eamon tottaly came through with the plant pot ! My heart melted 😊💜  Sending warm hugs 🤗.
You are beautiful .. lots of love ❤️
I cried the entire time watching this. Bec, you are gorgeous with and without your hair ❤️and you certainly are beautiful inside & out. The love you both share and capture on screen for us all to be apart of is so special. Thank you so much for sharing. I know you guys are going to get through this. I’m sending so much love & prayers to you both always. 🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️
You're such a amazing couple!!
Sending so much love and prayers for healing this horrible disease.
I found you guys thru Kara & Nate & your raft video with them. Blessings 🙏🏼💖
Ok but can we appreciate how good you looked with a fringe and with a bod and bald!! I’m
I’m so glad this is high up on trending!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
I knew my little buddy would find her strength and shine brightly! Bec your absolutely beautiful!
You guys are such a great team..so beautiful bald!
Bec you are rocking it and continued prayers for you both. Thanks for sharing your journey.
This is incredibly inspirational ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Your soul is what makes you beautiful!
Love you guys so much!   Praying daily for you both
You look beautiful !!!! With or without hair. You’re gorgeous
You look fierce. You ARE fierce. You are one of the most beautiful women I’ve ever seen.  And hair is just hair. It will grow back. Hugs and love and healing thoughts to you.
Truly some of the most beautiful souls :) If only everyone had an Eamon to their Bec (and vice versa) the world be that much better for it. Much love <3
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful inside and out. Either with hair or without. Love and hugs and prayers to you on this journey. Eamon is being amazing, being so patient and kind and loving to you. I'm so thankful that you have each other.   Lots of love to y'all 💕🤗🙏❣
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life
💗💗💗💗💗💗
Your love and support for one another is an inspiration. You are absolutely beautiful with or without hair. You are strong and extremely courageous throughout this stressful and scary journey. Keep your head up. You’re going to come out of this even stronger than before💗
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. Love to you both.
Praying for you guys. May God's healing power be on Bec.
Bec I just knew you'd be beautiful bald! You are rocking that bald look. Eamon  you are the best! So supportive and loving. I love hiwcyou two support each other in life's journey! #kickcancersbutt
You are brave and beautiful. Thank you for sharing this emotional journey. Wishing you all the love and strength as you continue to get well. ❤ ps you look so pretty bald.
Bec is seriously stunning bald!!! It really suits her! ❤❤❤
Hi Bec 💕😃you look super hot and sexy with a shaved hair!! Really!! You are so lucky!😍🌼🤩  Not everyone looks good with  shaved hair!! I did it ones and I looked like an ugly boy😔😂🤣    But You Look Amazing Gorgeous!!!🧡💖🤩😘😎   I understand you are attached to it since ever, but Don't let the hair be in your way of happiness!!!  Happiness is what will help you to heal faster 💖🤩 And if you really need it, play with the amazing styles with the wigs like Amy does!!  It's Super Cool!! 😃🥰😍😎🤩  It's just a short stage in your life !  It doesn't going to be like that for ever. Remember it ! Love you!!!💕💝
Your beautiful God bless you both I hope you both believe in God
Love to you from Vancouver Island. God bless : )
I'm Sending You Lovely Healing Thoughts and Prayers.  Your Courage and mind set is Gonna serve you well on your Journey.  Blessings, Peace and Light on your Way.
God…how I wish I could simply hug you and tell you that it’ll be alright ❤️. It feels so surreal watching your journey. Your strength is absolutely amazing. You are amazing. Stay strong. Love to the both of you 😀
You are an inspiration to everyone.
You are absolutely beautiful with or without hair! Your beauty comes from within and anyone who watches you knows that! Continued prayers for y'all! Sending hugs and love to you both from Tennessee! 🙏🥰🙏
You guys are so strong, you’re gonna get through this. Sending much love and strength to you
Awh, Bec. You are so beautiful and strong. Breaks my heart that you’re having to go through all of this.. keep your head up!! ❤️
So gorgeous Bec, we are all here with you 🤍
Aw Bec I’m crying alongside you throughout the whole video, so beautifully documented. You look amazing every step of the way🤍
I was crying with you!  You are beautiful inside and out!!!!! And  so brave.  If I ever had to go through that, I wish I had an Eamon with me
❤️🙏
You were Bob is amazing! The way you and Eamon are approaching this it’s inspirational.Keep strong. You have all of us behind you
You look fabulous love it   I get emotional watching your video from start to finish literally like every video you have posted about your journey just keep your faith in god he has big plans for you <3  eamon is so supportive and his positive energy is everything you need in this moment  Sending all the positive energy and love your way
Bec being seen by others when your bald i think is cool.  I like seeing other women that are bald.   Keep your head up you are beautiful.
Be strong bec, you only lose it temporarily, it will grow back. you are a good person, you are still very beautiful.
Honestly Bec, you look gorgeous with or without hair 💗
You are an amazing, brave and beautiful woman. Thank you for sharing your journey. ❤
It has been so fun to watch all your adventures from the beginning. Stay strong Bec! sending healing prayers <3
I remember when my hair changed from brown to grey not recognizing that person in the mirror. I can identify with the idea of hair being a signifier of our identity. You are lovely with or without your hair. I hope you get your hair and your health back as soon as is possible. Thank you for sharing this journey
We love you Bec! You are so strong and such an inspiration to everyone!
Bec you are so beautiful. I couldn’t stop watching. Love you and Eamon. If you have to go through that then having Eamon with is special. Love from Country Victoria Australia 🇦🇺
I start loosing a lot of hair when I was just 20, then I decided to shave my head. 25 years later, this is something that I keep doing every week. Honestly I have been very happy without hair for all these years. It is super practical. I don't have to think on how my hair looks. Do not need to go and pay for haircuts. I can go from shower to work one minute and a long etc. Also people recognize me easily everywhere, very quickly, and that is kind of nice. When my friends are currently suffering with air lose for many years and trying to cover in different way, I give a fuck many years ago and move on :). This all to say that just look on the bright side. Enjoy this period of time. you hair will come back. As Eamon, say you do not need hair to be beautiful.
I’ve been here for the long haul, and I can’t wait to see what your future holds. Thank you for sharing your lives with us. Sending you all the love and healing, continually 💖🌈💖
❤️❤️
Il never forget the day that i started losing my hair with Cancer. I was 15 when i was diagnosed with a stage 4 brain tumor. I had Radiotherapy before chemo and because they were irradiating my head, the hair started to fall out. And it came out in clumps. I got up one morning and brushed my hair. I remember the entire brush being covered in a thick clump of hair. I cried all day but not because i was attached to my hair. Like u said, its the physical indicator that someone has cancer. Especially for a female. It was like everythong suddenly hit home and became real. Yes, i really do have Cancer. Up until then, i had dealt with my diagnosis by just going thru the motions, doing whatever had to be done not feeling like im sick with Cancer. Now it was literally staring back at me thru the mirror.  As for sleeping with the sensitive bald head, o girl i hear ya. It hurts. I wore a beanie to bed for nearly 18 months. But as u say, there is a plus side to it all. No hair anywhere else on your body. No need to shave. I still to this day 16 yrs on only need to shave my legs 1 maybe 2 times a week. And the wigs are so fun. Somedays id wake up and decided i wanted to be a blonde, others a brunette. I even had a shop assisstant compliment my haircut one day. Mum n i look at each other and smiled. Its not all grey clouds and gloomy days. Sure, there are some really crap ones but you learn to search everyday for something positive to hold onto.
YOU'RE SO AMAZING!!!! So strong and beautiful. The bob cut was stunning! you looked so fricken RAD! & the baldy, you have such a nice shaped head hahahaha... I envy ya... you guys are the coolest man!
You are so beautiful Bec with or without hair... you are not defined by your hair, but by the amazing personality that you are and that we all love!
Love both of you guys SOO much.
Beautiful and inspirational Bec you give meaning to life, Amon you're a true hero, the support and understanding you give, the world needs more people like you!!
Think I prefer the bald look tbh
Talk about beautiful at every stage of your process! I know my good friend used satin pillowcases throughout her process too, and it helped with scalp sensitivity at night especially. She said it felt cool to the touch and no friction on her scalp-as well as satin lined head wraps/turbans/scarves helped her too! So many awesome options for when you’re not rocking that beautiful bald head! ❤️
🥰😍😘🙏🙏🙏
Congratulations on 1M subscribers!  And you are doing such a great job-both of you. Many blessings 💜
You are so beautiful with or without  the hair. So please no more tears...it breaks my heart to see you cry.
You look beautiful with or without hair bec!! Love your guys videos! Love your attitude with all of this,and I like the parts of being emotional and upset and stuff, it shows the real side of life and its awsome. Love you guys!
Sending lots of love and prayers and hugs to both of you. ❤🙏❤
It takes me a while to build up the courage to watch these videos because I know im gonna bawl my eyes out 😭 ohhhh bec you look absolutely stunning you have a very cute head 😁👍🥰  just remember you guys are so strong an you got this ❤🙌🥰
I lost my beautiful long red hair due to an illness 11 years ago so I totally understand how you feel. I was also a hairstylist, so it made me double self conscious. My husband was so supportive & kept telling me how beautiful I still was. Hang in there lady!
Bec you are so beautiful internally,  but i think you are super brave and a role model for others journeying with you ..we've got you gorgeous 💜
you are so Beautiful Bec.
Eamon, i've got a lot to learn from you!
Sending good energy and love to you both incredible people. Being so honest and vulnerable in your sharing is such a gift to anyone who watches the video. Continue to grow strength and love from within and each other. ❤️
I teared up when Eamon was shaving your head. You are so strong and so amazing. Thank you for sharing.
Sending you hugs.
We used to have fun every single videos you post guys.. you made us so happy every Sunday. right now, I am crying.. i am crying not for pity but because Bec is being such a strong woman. I WILL NOT EFFIN LEAVE THIS CHANNEL. I will stick with you guys! support you all the waaaaay!!! Bec, you are so fucking BEAUTIFUL 😍 Eamon, you are my STANDARD of having a husband. I love yoy guys!!!!!!!!!!! The wig is awesome!! 🥺
You are so beautiful Bec… many blessings!
Your beautiful with or without hair.  You really look badass with no hair.
Oh bec! Honey. I know for me personally my hair is what makes me feel so feminine and beautiful. I’m so attached. I can only imagine how difficult and heartbreaking that was. I just want to hug you and tell you how stunningly gorgeous you are! I have an odd shaped head, I can tell you not everybody could pull off that look like you do. You’re seriously one of the most beautiful and brave women I have ever seen, with and without hair! No joke! I know you don’t know me, but know I and so many others are so so proud of you and rooting you on more then you’ll ever know! Sending tons of love, prayers, and good and healing vibes your way!! Stay strong, and remember it’s also okay to not always be okay too. Sometimes you have to take the time to be sad and grieve and just wallow in it!   Also, that wig looks just like your hair before it was removed! It’s stunning! Hang in there, and thank you for sharing all of this with us. We are here cheering you on buddy!!
Thank you for sharing your vulnerability and your journey with us. Bec, Eamon is truly a keeper!  One can't help but feel his admiration and love for you when watching these videos. I admire what you two have and what you are building as you go through this trial together.
this entire video had me in tears, but your strength throughout is shining. cancer, especially breast cancer runs in my family, so seeing your journey brings out a real fear that I have for my future. despite that reality seeing your journey and the way you push through each day, calms my spirit. thank you for beautiful content.
You’re so beautiful!! When you smile we don’t even focus on hair or anything else! ❤️🇧🇷
Hair always grows back. People love you for you. Not your hair. This is a pure example for anyone else worried about losing their hair. And you made a wig from your own hair. So yay. 🥳 and you are blessed with a beautiful shaped head. 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
you still look beautiful even without hair Bec. we love you
Congratulations on hitting 1 million subscribers. Both of you are very special people.
I freakin love you guys. so much positive energy no matter the situation. I'm praying for you Bec! I hope everything goes okay.   Love you guys!!!
I love you both so much! You are an amazing and strong women beck don’t ever think you are not.!! You are Gorgeous and you eamon your an amazing soul and the greatest supporter! I love you and positive vibes and beautiful energy and light to you both! 💛☮️👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👸🏻👑
Y'all are such amazing souls. Been so worried about y'all, haven't stopped praying & hoping for the best. You're beautiful, absolutely, no matter what you do girl. Always  💜💜💜💜
Bec you are the most beautiful, brave and tuff WOMAN!
Bec I just want you to know that you are the most amazing person I've ever seen. You're handling everything so gracefully and with so much positivity you truly are a warrior! You look beautiful with or without hair because not only are you so beautiful naturally on the outside but you are also so beautiful inside as well. We're all rooting for you and sending prayers and good vibes your way. Also am very proud of Eamon for taking such good care of her and being a strong supportive partner through everything I'm sure it can get very heavy and hard on him as well. Love you both so much your videos got me through the hardest 2 years of my life after my moms suicide and I hate seeing you go through this but I know you guys will make it through and it'll only make you stronger!
Oh I just love you two so much. I started following after your first van tour on a channel I can’t even remember the name of… you both are so incredibly strong and strikingly beautiful souls. Thank you for sharing your lives — the adventures will only get better from here 💛💛💛
Bec you are a beautiful and strong woman. You are a big rule model for me. Watching you throughout your whole chemo therapy and new journey of your life and see how you are handling it all makes me so happy for you. I just love how caring and supportive eamon is throughout your journey. I just wanted to say that I love you guys❤️ and can’t wait to see your next video💕💕 -Alexis
You are gorgeous! Watch out GI Jane!
You look good with short hair. It's the in style lately
You are doing great!
Eamon: "..you don't need hair for love..."🥰🥰 That's profound.
Love love love
You're beautiful that's true...There's a song with that and I was singing it in my head while watching this. Bec you truly are beautiful with or without hair. Your beauty shines from within. Prayers and blessing to both you and Eamon.  I's sure all us women where crying with you to see you go through this horrible thing. Where ever you are no matter what you have to do remember you are loved. Stay strong.
You guys kick ass. That is all.
You are allowed some bad days🌸
Your beautiful you look like a movie star.❤
You are beautiful sweetheart 💕
Beck you’re beautiful all the way around You look amazing!
Happened to my buddy Eric.
as i’m watching this i’m rubbing the back of my phone. makes me feel like i’m rubbing Bec back and comforting her like my best friend. you rock emen for being a very supportive husband. #becstrong
Bec I love your look! It’s so beautiful ♥️ honestly you look like a supermodel with your new look. I LOVE!
When my 20 year old daughter, ANgie, had chemo and lost her hair, it was very emotional and difficult. So her older sister, Janella and her brother David ALL shaved their heads in solidarity. This scared Angie’s 3 year old daughter, Alyssa, because she thought she would have to shave her head too. She was happy when we told her she didn’t.  Now she has thick long beautiful hair again. I love how you look bald.
Bec you are fabulous!
Hey I love watching your channel and I just wanted to say that I shaved my head when I was 9 bc my friend was going through childhood cancer at the age of three and I wanted to show my support. And I just wanted to say that hair does not define you and that it only matters what’s on the inside and your one of the most uplifting and kindness person on YouTube
wow!! Beautiful ...radiant!!!
Beck your beauty is not defined by your hair, yes you had beautiful hair but you acually are a beautiful person your featchers are stunning.Congrats on a million subsribers. Love Eamons new look, hat and long hair 😀
You are beautiful Bec and you're killing this cancer isht. Continued blessings to you. Eamon, you ROCK!!
All of your hair looks in this vlog have been beautiful. The honesty and emotion you have bravely shared will go a long way I think to help others that must take this journey as well.   There’s another possible wig source I thought of. It might only be available to those of you in cities with a large Orthodox or Hasidic Jewish populations. For religious reasons, married women are required to cover their hair, so many wear wigs out in public.
Greetings from Chiapas, México. Thank you for sharing your journey. You have a beautiful face, a gorgeous head, but most importantly you have a beautiful soul. Get healed and healthy.
Bec you look freaking AMAZING! I mean you've always looked beautiful, but dang girl 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Thank you so much for allowing us to be apart of this journey with you. It take courage to share and be open when you’re faced with painful situations. The content you guys create is so much more than beautiful. Sending love to you🥰
So beautiful Bec ♥️ so beautiful inside and out ! You and Eamon are very inspiring and I pray you guys continue to stay strong through this all. Btw you guys DEFINITELY deserve the million subscribers and more always amazing content I’m never disappointed. Love you guys ♥️♥️♥️
The power it takes to share your personal struggles through this experience is the most amazing thing to watch. I am so thankful for you Bec! I have been struggling myself with my mental health and you have been such an incredible inspiration to watch! You are not alone and you are loved by so many! 💕
She looks like a supermodel with her head shaved. She has such a beautiful face.
My wife has lost her hair twice now. She has a wig that she wears occasionally. Most of the time she wears her scarf hat. Turns out the beanie is a badge of honour where people who know are drawn to her with love and support.
Hair isn’t beautiful  You are.  I cried this whole show  I’m cheering you on praying for ya N I already said it   U super hot 👩‍🦲 bald
You look like Demi Moore bald. It actually does look really great on you . I love it.
Bec you look beautiful and strong
Yes, you look great bold! Not very many women can pull off not having hair. You look really beautiful.
Praying for y’all!
You are beautiful bec Love you 🙏🏽❤️
I've been there Bec, lost all my hair, to chemo. Still growing back, it's going to be ok and you're absolutely beautiful..
YOU R SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL I SIDE AND OUT💜Eamond u r an amazing person and partner 👍🏼
Wow! Having no hair really makes me realise how beautiful your features are!!! Bold does you good Bec!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
I went bald because nz govt stopped me from getting haircuts.
this was brutally beautiful.
We love you Bec! You are beautiful no matter what ♥️♥️
I'm here for the bob and bald and the hair journey! Looking gorgeous every step of the way! The most important thing is that you will be around to grow that beautiful hair back Beck! Be healthy and happy, that's the goal and you're loved and supported by so many ♡♡♡
You are beautiful Bec, with or without hair.
It looks black.
Hi Bec crazy cuz i have a mole on my head on the exact same spot !!! I’m praying for you for a speedy recovery, you are a light and crazy how people can see that through a screen! You are a beautiful inside and out 🤍 keep shining my girl
This was the hardest, so emotional vlog ever. My heart is with you both. ❤️
You two are definitely soulmates. Sending love, God’s blessings, and light your way. When I first saw you Bec, I said she’s absolutely gorgeous. You still are! You’re an amazing human. So is Eamon. And Oso is a doll.
Sending you both lots of love and hugs 💜💜💜
Sending good vibes and energy your way. Be strong yet faithful and they’ll never doubt your beauty. Love ya Bec!!!!!
Your beautiful
Bec you are so so strong. I am sure you know this but  your beautiful inside and out.So proud of you. Hope you get better soon 💕
Bec you are stunning!!! truly.   Eamon you're the best partner ever.  Please name the wig Brigette.
Your beautiful and brave women, by the way I was curious what was your mold was like since I have one too and wanted to see if can have it remove as well. Thanks for sharing the real you. Praying you recover fast.
I am new to your channel and already love how strong you are and it’s OK not to be strong sometimes you’re beautiful inside and out. Embrace every day stay strong and those days you’re not strong reach out.
Keep going girly!!!!!!! Proud of you💕 And you look so cute bald 🤩🤩🤩
Bec, you’re a beautiful warrior princess that’s gonna kick cancer’s ass! 🦸‍♀️
Big hugs Bec ❤️❤️
Aww your the strongest woman ever!! Even tho if u don’t seem like it to you in my eyes your so fkn awesome! I never even broke a bone and I’d be sucha baby. But ur doing it, your crying but that’s the process of your. You’ll get past this stage, and in the next little bit your going to love ur new dew, hey. U can always get ahead tatt. Make it look awesome eh. Lol
How about calling the wig The Aimee - she’ll be sending so much love from afar and then she’ll also be a bit closer. And Bec - you’re rocking the bald… it suits you and you have a perfectly shaped head. Xx
You are gorgeous bec.i love you my queen 👑 Always in my prayer beautiful soul🙏🏻
Your bold is awesome, so perfect and beautiful head! Blessings for you! You are going to be ok!
You’re both amazing. Bec I am glad you are embracing your new style. Early in the pandemic I tried to cut my hair. Disaster ensued. I had my daughter shave my head. It was the most free feeling ever. Swimming was never a hassle. Walk out of the lake rinse and go!
I am so sorry you are going through this. You will come out even stronger once you defeat this crap disease. Stay strong.   You look like eleven from stranger things.
you guys are Beautiful. ON ON!!
Don't cry please...we love you a lott..u r sooo beautiful..I mean it...u look beautiful dear...❤
You look amazing Bec! You’re so fortunate to have such a strong support system around you! Continuing to send you love ❤️, light🌞, and prayers 🙏 for continued strength.
You are both amazing and strong and we love you.
You are so inspiring, both of you!The amount of courage and love between you guys is something we all strive for but few achieve...you have a rare and special bond!Bec,I admire that endless smile thru the fear and pain,it's amazing to see you shine....God Bless you both and you are always in my thoughts!!!!
You’re both the sweetest souls. ♥️ Wishing you a strong and good recovery. We are crying and smiling with you.
Guuurrrllll, you are rocking it with no hair, it really fits you! Eamon, just keep being you, cuz you are awesome!!
we all wish we were as strong as you two. so amazing. one love!
You look so so cute with short hair
Awe. I'm so proud of you Bec. You really are such a strong woman and you continue to amaze me. And Eamon you are such an amazing partner 💜
You hair will look great in a few days.  Wondering why you didn’t have the professional shave your head because Eamon didn’t do a great job on his first attempt.  However, he’s right…you look amazing with shaved head.
I absolutely adore the both of you. 🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️🙏🏻♥️
You should name ur wig lee!! 💛💛
Sending you all the love Bec!!! You really are beautiful, what we get to see comes from inside, literally you just look like you! Blessings to you both. 🙏🏼😘❤️🥰
Bec is so  beautiful inside and out such an inspiration! You are incredible!
❤  love you Bec ❤
🖤🖤🖤🖤🌻
Dayuuum gurl!! Love the wraps too! BEAUTIFUL!!
Bec you rock ♥️ praying for you ❣️
My sister-in-law started chemo last month and lost all her hair 2 weeks after her first treatment.  We both buzzed it all off. Me in support because I love her so much. I love my short hair. So easy showering.  Hang in there. You are both in my prayers and thoughts. She also felt the tingling on her scalp.
Love ya back 🇨🇦❤️ praying
I love you guys so much❤️❤️❤️ never commented before but I’ve been watching for years. Bec you are BEAUTIFUL with hair and without hair. And you both have such beautiful spirits. 🙏❤️ thank you for sharing your journey with us and for being so brave. I’m praying for your speedy recovery.
Bec, your video took me right back to when I lost my hair to AC chemo. It was traumatic. But then I grew to appreciate how easy it was to shower, dry my head off and put on my wig. Soooo much easier than blow drying my thick curly hair!  I felt like people knew I was wearing a wig and identified me as sick. One day in a dept store the cashier kept staring at me and it made me so nervous and sad. Then when she started ringing up my purchases, she told me she thought I had the most beautiful hair and she loved my highlights! Also…..your husband is super special. I love how encouraging and loving he is!
All the love and light to you both during this challenging time. You are beautiful and brave Bec, you shine with or without hair. Stay golden.💛 Big Hugs to you and Eamon.
Eamon is right you are beaut, and don't be afraid to show who you are because you are not alone in this. Eamon still manages to make you and me laugh. Silly man. LOL
BEC!!! you’re so insanely beautiful i’ve always seen that in you, inside and out. your smile and your eyes radiate so much joy and love. when you got the bob i was like DAMMMM MA! then when you shaved it off it hit me again. feeling in awe of your beauty with each stage of this journey. so grateful you choose to share these intimate parts of your life with all of us. so much love and appreciation for your sweet soul!
You look beautiful,  hair or no hair. Just continue to be your awesome self. ❤️
omg, thank you fir sharing this heartfelt journey. we are sending you SO MUCH LOVE. Bec you are such a sweet shining light, and gammon, our love and respect fir you as a partner has gone through the roof. so glad you can feel, ALL THE LOVE coming your way gorgeous Eamon and Bec. bless sweethearts. xxx
Love and hugs
So I’m a pediatric nurse who has cared for so many babes with cancer. Bald is beautiful. I also suffer from a chronic illness that has disabled me at this moment in life, I’m 39. I decided almost 2 yrs ago to shave my head because one of my symptoms to my illness is a constant migraine. Funny part, I wear an ice cap nearly all day every day due to pain. Anyway, my illness has taken away my ability to stay fit so my worries without hair was that I’d look too chunky. Well in the end I said, oh well, hair is hair and that plus my body weight does not define me. My aunt is currently going through chemo for breast cancer. Showering without hair is even better than short. You feel free. Sending you healing. I just wanted to share, not compare. 🙏🏼🥰
Gosh the 2 of you are so so amazing. Sending you both so much love and positive thoughts 🥰🥰
Bec my dear. Please take my advice. Use a vaporizer with medical marijuana. Believe me you will be better. The marijuana will help with you're nausea and you're chemotherapy. The canniboids will protect you're cells and help kill the cancer. Take it from someone who had stomach cancer in fact I had no stomach. Vaporizing regenerated my stomach. Please give it a try. Love you guy's.  God bless
I think what make you so beautiful is that even when you are going through such a hard time emotionally and mentally you still come off in the video as a vibrant human who loves and care so much. Bec you will be beautiful on the outside no matter what stages you are in but the energy of positivity you have me crying for you at the end of each video. 💕
. Please look up “Dylan and Delia Chatwin”. Delia has documented every step of her breast cancer treatment and I think it would help anyone just receiving a diagnosis.
One of my best friends used to have long hair and I convinced her to cut it all off and it was a life-changing experience for her. She use to hide behind her hair and didn't realize it until she had this dramatic visual change. So losing your hair can be a blessing in disguise whether you believe it or not. Just look on the bright side your morning routine won't take as long without all that hair getting in the way.
See you Sunday!!!!❤❤
Nothing but beauty!
okay here i am ugly crying in the bathroom with you when he’s shaving your head… then i get MAD because it actually looks amazing like wtf!!!!! you are a fucking queen!   i have dreadlocks that i was planning to brush out (whenever my journey w them ends) but now i’m for sure shaving my head completely. being bald is such a fucking vibe. wow. ✨
The hair loss was a hard journey for my mom too!  Like I told her, screw anyone who gives you a Keats look.  Their bad manors shouldn’t drag you down.
Love you two 💛
You are beautiful!
The love you have for each other is heaven sent!
oh my gosh you are so beautiful and you will get though this !!!!!!!
Actually pretty hot   With a bald  head  Whistle whistle  It’s almost over honey. U got this  🤗 hugs♥️♥️♥️🙏🏻
You are amazing Bec, with or without hair, and Eamon is amazing to. love you guys.
We are all standing behind you cheering you both on. I’ve walked my daughter thru similar experiences, so your video made me both laugh and cry. Don’t look too far ahead…take things a step and a day at a time. There will be a day that this will all be a thing of the past and you will be on to new adventures. Sending you both love and hugs.
your Maturity is showing you guys! going through this ordeal is really showing your strengths for the future. Bless you guys.
Bec sending u tons of hugs.
I like the bob and you look great bald as well.  So many cute options with the wig and hats and scarfs. You've got this!!
without thinking about cancer, you're fucking hot with that look plus earrings on both sides ughhhh! ok im going to chill coz you're not single haha but yeah, you look beautiful bec! stay strong!  PS ditch the wig. you dont need it. seriously.
Listen lady I just wrote but now I’m watching the end and I’m like omg do you see yourself???? Look at you on that couch. You are just beautiful kid!!
You are a rockstar!! And i really appreciate seeing you go through this journey, I can only image how difficult it is! Love you guys so much!!🤍🤍
You don't need hair for love ❤️ We are all with you Bec
Keeping kicking cancer ass together you guys! You got this all the way to the moon!
Bec you are always in my prayers.  I love you both! You guys are truly inspiring.
you look amazing shot hair or not
beck you literally look like a supermodel! absolutely gorgeous! your face is simply stunning!
You are such a courageous, beautiful soul.  Thank you for sharing your journey with us.  Also... side note.  The way Eamon looks at you is everything.  You have truly found the one. ❤
Your so strong and beautiful Bec! I know it may seem like everyone is saying that but you are such a beautiful person inside and out. Your strength through all of this is so inspiring and I’m glad you have someone as wonderful as Eamon by your side. Sending all my love! 💕
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I worry about bec because I lost my aunt to cancer but I know bec can pull throw she is an very strong woman and she will not be endentedfied as a cancer patient to me and they both are lucky to have each other
Bec, your inner light is shining through. Sending you so much love!
You are absolutely stunning with or without hair! I love you guys so much <3
Thank you for sharing your journey. I know it would be easier to live your life and put down the camera with everything you are going through. However, Watching this episode made me cry with you, laugh with you and celebrate with you the small victories! If I were going to name the wig I would name it victory. To remind you daily of the small victories like getting the wig without having to wait, having a supportive partner along for the ride, the doctor who you met who dealt with your mole right away. Watching the video a second time made me really appreciate the small victories I saw throughout a journey that some might not see as victorious. You are strong, you are brave and damn it if you don’t look better bald than I do on my best day! Lol! Sending lots of love and prayers!
You are beautiful! I love your honesty through all of this.... It is real!! But you have lots of love and support going your way! I'm waiting for Eamon to join you in the "bald" look? That would be so sweet!! Hugs!! ❤️
Name it wigasus!!!! 💕😄 you are beautiful!!!!!
The wig is awesome . I wouldn’t know it’s a wig if I didn’t watch the vlog  Bec your amazing xxxx
also, holding onto eamons hair, was totally meant to be. <3
😱🤜🤛✋✌️✌️👍👍🤔😊😊😊😊😊😊😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🥺🥺🥺😲🥵🥶🔥🔥💦✨✨🙀🙆💇
My heart goes out to you and Eamon. You look absolutely gorgeous in every hairstyle you've tried. You are both in our thoughts. We are so proud of you both.
You are beautiful!
Did you see the movie with Demi Moore when she is in military and shaved her head?? Well now that’s you! You are a bad ass just like her with so much power and strength . We are all so proud of you . It will be ok!!! You are blessed to have two loves there with you . Some are all alone in it. Not you my dear. Blessed!!
I am a cancer researcher and I am so moved by your honesty and your willingness to share your experience. You are both so brave and inspirational. Know that there are scientists out there trying to make better less toxic treatments for cancer patients. Much love to you both.
Bec my heart goes out to you! You are gorgeous no matter what. Your hair does not define you. You are an inspiration to everyone! Eamon you are so supportive during all of this.
You both are amazing!! Bec you are beautiful no matter what! I am so sorry you are going through this but you got this girl!!! ❤️
Personally I'm not a fan of wigs because they never really look good. I think you should go natural because it will show the world that you're not afraid of your diagnosis and it's also a form of empowerment. I view females with short hair as badasses who refuse to conform to societal expectations. You can totally rock a shaved head.
Girl, you with a buzz cut is fierce! absolutely georgous! <3 Hope youre doing well today. xx
Bec I am so proud of you ❤️❤️❤️❤️ you are so nice and cool
Bec is so beautiful
Oh you guys! What a beautiful, tender video!!! Bec, you are beautiful!!! Sending hugs!!
Bec you are amazing  You rock no hair . You are a superstar you have amazing strength  You got this girl 💕💕💕
Shout out to Eamon... I know this is SUPER hard for your too.... We see and appreciate all your positivity and hard work and taking care of Bec.
She looks great! 🥰
I really felt all of that, can't imagine what you both are going through but you're really amazing and strong. Keep going!
Love to you guys❤️🙏 Bec ..honestly your beautiful!
Love. You.
So proud of you both, you're doing amazing xx
Bec, you're amazing for being so vulnerable and sharing your story - thank you for being brave. Eamon, respect and hugs to you for what you must be going through.
Bec, I am sending you hugs and prayers. If you need to cry, do it. Crying cleanses your soul and releases your body of countless toxins and hormones that contribute to elevated stress levels.
What an amazing team. You are amazing - love you guys x
Name suggestion: Moira Rose
I LOVE THIS VIDEO! You exude confidence, Resilience, true beauty, classy, and bad ass gal vibes. Thank you for showing us how it’s done. Falling in love with you kids more and more every step of the way. Been riding with you since Mexico!
I’m amazed and in awe of how vulnerable you’re allowing yourself to be, especially in front of the camera.  You’re both amazing beautiful human beings.  Sending all the love and positivity ❤️
I have been deeply impacted by you two! In the absolute best way! Thank you for sharing these moments with us all. I see the best possible outcome for you girl! Your such a beautiful soul, and your husband is deeply in Love with you. Your relationship helps so many! The positive, and healthy example you two have set, in this hurting world is the best gift you could give us all.
You are beautiful.  Thanks for being vulnerable and open.  Your positivity means a lot to me personally. You are both in my prayers. PAX
You got this Bec!
Gorgeous!!! Sending love, hugs and prayers!
The love that you guys share every single video is my absolute favorite 😍 keep powering through ❤️
Name your wig sunshine or hope. I shaved my hubs hair on our anniversary. It was a harsh reality. Luckily your hair will grow back!
Love you. If anyone deserves a million views it’s you both and your beautiful friends and family
With or without hair your beautiful Bec!!! Celebrate the good days, self care on the crappy ones. Your gonna be alright Sweetheart. Much love from the Rockies!
All the love to you both. God bless you Bec…..you are fierce! I adore you two. You’re wonderful together. And together you can overcome anything.
U luk beautiful.stay strong
I didn’t have your condition but I did develop Alopecia areata a few years back due to autoimmune issues and stress. It was so hard on me mentally. I had developed huge bald patches, losing about a third of my thick long beautiful hair. Looking back I should have done what you did and shaved it all off. It would have been better for me mentally than see my huge bald spots everyday and feeling ugly, hiding behind hats for over a year. Stay strong. You’re beautiful.
Bec i think you look beautiful! Im so sorry you are going through all of this! Also wanted to say i think eamon is the most beautiful soul and he is so amazing with how he is so supportive!
U r so brave.
stunning 😍  ... really your inner beauty shines thru
You are the most beautiful couple. Sending love ❤️
Bec, you look beautiful. Thank you for sharing the ups and downs of your journey and being so real. Sending you lots of love and prayers. You got this girl!
Sending love you look beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
When I had my first alopecia balding I was frightened. I relate so much to this video. We love you Bec!!!! I'm holding your hand in spirit. Thank u 4 being brave and filming this. You look beautiful,  strong, holy Monk style, jada pinkett fly, madmax kickass!!! We love you Eamon!!!
You are one of those fortunate women who have beautiful heads.  I’m with Eamon, you look gorgeous!
I love you guys! And Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair.
I'm literally crying while watching this. Your strength Bec is incredible! Seeing how Eamon speaks to you and supports you through this whole video shows that it will make it so much easier to get through this. My grandmother just turned 89 years old and beat breast cancer this year. I believe in you Bec! My thoughts and prayers going out to you!
Love you both. So much. Thank you for being so authentic and raw with us. Congratulations on 1 million … truly some amazing stuff you’re doing together and I’m so happy and honored to be apart of it and watching it come to light right in front of my very eyes. See you someday ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
I’ve never commented on here before but this was so emotional and I just wanna say that you can rock any thing from a bald to extra long hair. Sending you so much love and strength for your journey.
As I watched this I just felt like I had to say this-the blessings you have thru all of this are amazing. 1. You caught this. Instead of it waiting longer for a doctor to find it during an exam, you found it and were pro-active. 2. You have options for healing 3. You have a partner who is taking good care of you, is supportive and encouraging. 4. Your family is able to come and help and be with you 5. You have a great team of doctors, nurses, etc that are supportive and there to help you thru this 6. You have a whole lot of people, some who know you, some who only know you thru social media, who care about you 7. You have the sweetest fur baby 8. You have a beautiful view to either look at thru your window or to walk thru each day. There are so many blessings. I know during down times they may be obscured, but they are there. Stay positive, focus on your blessings and know this-you flipping rock the hair styles. How many people can say they are gorgeous with long hair, with a bob and with no hair? I mean, dang girl, you are gorgeous -your hair doesn’t define that! Sending prayers and positivity your way!
You both have such beautiful souls God bless you both
You are so strong! Such a great team you two are too! Proud of you!!!
Oooh Beck. You are beautiful!
She looks beautiful 🤍
Bec, you are so stunning.  Eamon, you are such an example of a great partner.  Wow
You are amazing Bec! I teared up when you got your head shaved. I know my hair is a big part of who I am and I can’t imagine losing it. You are so brave and strong! Don’t ever give up! Love from Texas! ❤️
You look absolutely amazing! It’s suits you so well. I hope the both of you are doing well. Eamon is amazing! Having such a supportive partner makes such a difference. Love you guys
Light and love to you both. Positivity and sunshiny. Bald is beautiful.
I was so glad to see you today I love the short hair it is so beautiful on you because you are beautiful and the wigs look like real hair …. Eamon you are a good man to love Bec so much you to are so blessed to have each other and I love you so much as well honey you are beautiful even with the really short hair, I love the wig.  You are beautiful people as well I just love you so much I love the way you are embracing things and as always sending much love and prayers your way always ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🌈🌈🌈🌈🦮🦮🦮🦮👒👒👒🧢🧢🧢
Bec and Eamon..you guys are badass!!
Bec you rock girl!  Prayers and positive energy still coming your way!
youre so incredible bec, and you look f*cking beautiful, always have and always will. sending you love, prayers and strength. thank you for sharing your journey with us, we love you and eamon <3
I’m so proud of you. I also have a mole on my head and I hate it! My cousin called it my nerd. Like the candy. But 2 yrs ago I shaved my head and it was such a freeing experience. Sending you so much love 💗 you look beautiful! And you are so lucky to have an amazing partner to go thru this journey with. You’re incredible Eamon!
You don’t need a wig!!! You go Bec!!! So beautiful!!!👠🚌👠
I remember the day in 2018 when I was diagnosed - then days before my birthday when we shaved my head. I bought a wig too but I barely wore it - I had a lot of hair previously and I missed it for sure - but I found that I liked my baldness - it was a symbol of strength for me. No matter what I endured I felt I was going to win! And I did! You can do this! You are strong!! Kick Cancer’s Ass!!
You are so stunning the hair will come back . I pray God will bless and comfort you on every step of your journey . And Amen you are so supportive. Hope you are holding up okay , one does forget sometimes that for the spouse it is also so hard to see the loved one go through this .  Bless you both
You are still very beautiful with hair or not, and it will grow back you're going to beat this. Stay safe stay strong and keep your positive attitude
So, so beautiful! and TOUGH!!! you got this, plus just imagine how you would react if you saw someone walking down the street clearly bald from treatment - with love and empathy, concern and admiration - that is how people will react towards you too PLUS, bonus - imagine how fantastic it is going to feel when it grows back - something to look forward to.  It gets easier in a way.  The firsts at the moment are big though biggest love xx
Bec-a-licious!!!!! Is all I can say, OK,  and that I love you guys so much!!!
I feel for you Bec, so much! Facing having to go through cancer and hair loss on top of it would really throw me for a loop. I can't imagine how it must feel... Sending you and Eamon so much love. ❤️ On another note, my husband has a "3rd brain" as well. 😉
So beautiful!
Your the MOST inspiring person I have EVER come across, YOUVE got this baby girl 💜💜💜💜sending you sooooo much love and strength 🕊
You are such an inspiration to others going through this journey. Your an amazingly strong and beautiful couple. Always remember God only gives you what you can handle and you are a strong woman and you will overcome this obstacle. You two are absolutely amazing.
BC sister here. I'm 6 years out! You are amazing! Much love to you♡
My sister is going through the same exact thing with breast cancer. she’s  little ahead of you with the chemo. I had to shave her head. I guess that’s when I felt like it was real. I’m just glad I get to have her longer. It’s hard to see her go though it. I’m thankful for her. ❤️
You are beautiful
my aunt had breast cancer when i was very young. my family says i used to rip her hat and scarf off and just rub her bald head for hours. she is so strong and inspires me everyday 🤍 thank you for sharing your journey.
Sending you tons of love from Texas! I was diagnosed with non Hodgkin's lymphoma when I was a teenager, 9th grade in high school. I still remember the day my hair started falling out like it was yesterday. You got this!!
You are amazing
You are beautiful Bec and you are such and amazing person.  You are so strong and We all love you 💖💖
Soon all illnesses will be exploited on the internet for money.. oh wait it's already happening
Bec!!! You look so Cuuute bald…It’s really kinda sexy looking!!!👠🚌👠
You are so strong ❤️
You look beautiful!!! ❤️❤️
you look so BADASS with a shaved head! Not just saying that, I'm honestly jealous how well you pull that off.
This made my heart break to see her loose her hair. But it made it even more wholesome when Eamom was there :)
That pot with the glasses was so sweet and thoughtful. You both are so lucky to have each other. 😍 you’re both such beautiful humans
Your beautiful Bec😍 hair doesn't make you who you are, your bright smile and personality that we see is what's beautiful and the amazing support system by your side proves how amazing and beautiful you truly are💛 and Eamon you rock🤙✊
Love you guys!  You are beautiful Bec no matter what!  Thank you for sharing your life journey.  You are touching countless lives and you are amazing!  Love and Plants!!
Love you so so much Bec. You are a beautiful soul.
Keep strong girl!! 💕
You are beautiful no matter what Bec, and Eamon props to a wonderful partner. I’ve been tearing up here. You guys will get through it !
u look sick af u got this!!!!!
True Beauty doesn’t come from hair… few have demonstrated the fact more than you, Bec!
Sending a ton of love, strength and courage to you three!💝💕💙
Bec, you looked GREAT with each haircut AND without hair. Not everyone is as lucky. So happy you did the laser too - perfect timing for it, especially if it bothered you. Stay strong. Eamon, you are so sweet to her. ❤
Yeah, holy crap, you really really really look amazing. It's now a style you can keep in your repertoire forever!
You are rocking that look! You are beautiful and no hair confirms it. By the way Eamon and you are RELATIONSHIP GOALS!!!  Praying for you both!!!
I see it in her that she's really Trying to be strong and Go by this in a positive way, but its okay to feel it and let yourself have a good cry. Were only human. You got this girl! Sending you all the support. You already have a great support system though ❤️😊 Your Loved, your beautiful and this will all pass very soon❤️ We love you💗💗
Oh sweet beautiful girl 💗you are so strong, don't lose hope love 💕 you are so brave to be sharing these challenges with all of us!!! We are here for you. You're going to be ok! I truly believe that 😘😘😍stay strong, have faith! We are all praying for the best for you 🙏💞💞💞😍😘
I actually cried when Eamon gave you that plant and said it will remind you that it will always grow back. That’s true, pure love
Since she has an extra large head, I would call the wig, "big wig"
I’m sooo sorry this is happening to you. I’m sad but at the same time amazed by your strength. I first met you guys (not really) through the Matneys.  I’m praying for you and Eamon.  I can’t wait for this chapter to be over so you can move on to the next one. Love you both sooooo much!!!!
This video came at the perfect time for me. Today I am donating my hair for cancer patients and this video just solidified how important this can be for some patients. Stay strong!
💕💕
Oh my...I am crying with you. Just praying for you Bec. Just know we all love you and are sending loving prayers.
Currently losing my hair to different circumstances, but it feels like I've lost so much of myself. My curls are gone, the color is changed, I miss my hair. Thank you for sharing your courage and strength❤ I've been following you for years. You inspired my travels, to go vegan, to find joy in the small things. I am blessed to feel like I'm on this journey of losing our hair together. Thank you for being my friend ❤
Oh sweet, beautiful Bec! You are beautiful with or without hair. I’m sending both of you love, hugs and positive thoughts, prayers.
All i have to say is you both are incredibly strong, Bec you’re going through this life changing event but this will make you a stronger person in the end. Eamon, man your just as strong being there for your woman; you’re the rock for her right now. So proud and happy for both of you in this new journey (because that’s what this is, a journey) and i wish you all nothing but happiness and the best. ❤️
This is so hard to watch. I haven’t watched any of your videos since I saw the one where you announced it. You will be in my prayers ❤️
It doesn't matter if you have hair or not you are beautiful inside and out and you look beautiful bald as well!
Bec, your laugh is unmatched. You are bald and beautiful and STRONG. You’ve got this.
Guys, I'm not sure which one of you is more courageous; you are both troopers and you are loved & prayed for!
Bec I just want to tell you that a persons hair doesn't make them beautiful, it's the person inside. Don't let your hair define you. You are such an amazing person and you and your family will be in my thoughts and prayers.🙂
Love your love and courage, and love you both. You’re perfect! 💕
This is hard for me to watch, to see Bec going through this chapter, but I gotta say she looks like a total badass with a shaved head. Big hugs and love to you both ♡♡
I watch Kara and Nate and saw you two in their videos. Loved ya since then. Learning from your cooking videos. Prayers for you all. Bec you're strong I could only wish to have your strength.
I can honestly say I miss having a bald head.  After a while I loved it so much. Saved a lot of money on shampoo!
Wow Bec. Thankyou for sharing this with us all💙 Being vulnerable is one of the hardest things to do and you are having to do that infront of thousands of people! Sharing this experience is allowing a thousand times more love your way. We are all sending you the most healing and positive vibes and raising your vibration🦋💙☯️
You are beautiful Bec inside and out! You absolutely pull off the shaved head.
I’ve been watching since the beginning! I’m a Canadian who lives abroad and you guys bring me a bit of happiness and home each and every week. Seeing Bec go through this just makes me want to fly home and give her a big squeeze. You are strong, you are beautiful and you got this girl! Sending all the good vibes from NZ (from a Canuck abroad🍁)
love u guys so much, u got it Bec we'll kick that cancers ass all tgt
Wanted to share a bible verse that might encourage you Bec! "Your beauty should not come from outward adornment, such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or fine clothes. Rather, it should be that of your inner self, the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is of great worth in God’s sight." 1 Peter 3:3  Your inner beauty is what makes you beautiful, and of course you look gorgeous outwards too. Keep glowing girl <3
I just wanted to say it’s the transparency for me! I admire how you guys force yourselves to be present in these undesirable situations!  Bec the effort you’re putting into your life is so pure and beautiful! I love it love it love it !!! 🥰 And the icing on the cake is that you have such a loving and patient guy like Eamon with you on this journey! I’m thankful to be a witness to such greatness!
Awww Bec, I cried several times watching this video. I totally understand your sadness/fear to loosing your hair, I want to let you know I see you. Wherever you go on this cancer journey, know I am thinking of you and caring for you from afar. So happy you were wearing Lee's sweatshirt, she would of loved that.
Bec you are absolutely beautiful, strong and brave! We are all standing by you always and forever🥰
youre right emon she rocks the bald look!
Omg!!! Bec!!! I’m loving your haircut!!! You are so Cuuute!!! Yes!!! Women are doing the bald thing…I’ve been thinking about doing it a lot lately because I have Alopecia…my hair is too…but I’m tired of hiding the area of baldness…You guys are amazing!!! So inspiring!!! Love you both…👠🚌👠
I cried a lot watching this which I didn’t expect to but Bec you seem like such an amazing human being you inspire me a lot I know you will be fine and keep flourishing thank you for being you & you too Eamon❤️❤️
Sending you, Eamon and both your families so much love 💕
There is nothing in this world that can make Bec not look absolutely beautiful, inside and out!   It takes a very brave person to show his/her "less brave" sides, and Bec masters this too! 💗
your badass beautiful! you got this girly.
Bec--yep!!!! you are so beautiful with a shaved head--Eamon is speaking truth when he says it!! Love you! Love you guys!
i always always always had waist length hair. i am 66. after menopause and ovarian cancer diagnosis, i cut it. short. very short. and i don't think i'll ever go back to long! i love it! and it is wavy!
I watched the whole vlog with tears in my eyes. Thank you for sharing your journey. You're in my thoughts constantly xx
I love you guys
You ARE BEAUTIFUL BEC!
You are beautiful and strong.
Pausing the video mid mascara to just acknowledge how difficult this must have been for you. You are going through so much, Bec. And Eamon. We all LOVE you. We ADORE you. We are ALL here rooting for you sending so much positive light and energy your way. Also, you look amazing with a shaved head!! I'm with Eamon, looks sickkkkkk!!!
I couldn't be more proud of you than if you were my daughter.  You are amazing, and no shit, you look cute as hell with the new hair style.  Love it, and the two of you as well.
Hair, No hair! You're still the same beautiful, amazing, stylish, Strong Bec that we know ❤️. Eamon it's okay to let it out (how you're feeling) even if it's not to us, we all need to keep some things for ourselves which is understandable. But don't keep it in. I know what it's like to walk with a love one who's battling cancer, you wanna put on their shoes and fight this cancer for them!! But I'm letting you know it's going to be okay!! ❤️. ✨Stay blessed ✨
You’re beautiful Bec no matter what!  You’re beautiful inside and out❤️ you’re the strongest and bravest women I know. Sending you all the best wishes.
You're sharing a very intimate thing ...I admire your courage... You're both Angels so name your hair piece ANGELICA
You rock that bald look. !!
You guys rock.
Bec, you rock every hairstyle.  You’re badass bald!  You’re both beautiful on the inside which is where it matters most!
Names to consider: Courage, Faith, Strong
I love you guys!  You’re such beautiful people with souls to match!  I’m praying for you every day Bec 🙏🏻.
What a wonderful emotional journey and thank you for sharing. Kia kaha. Stay strong
You are so beautiful inside and OUT!! You both have embraced life in a way that I cannot fathom for myself. You ARE empowered . And sharing your journey has empowered women like me who suffers from chronic pain to embrace my strengths and not forget that nothing will tear me down. Thank you for sharing. I pray for you everyday as part of my list of those close to me. You are amazing. I would be so blessed to have a daughter like you. Your parents did good!! Much love being sent to you through the universe. Hugs and kisses to you and Eamon.🙏🏻👍🏻❤️❤️❤️
You look beautiful. You still do.
Through your difficult journey you are an inspiration.  My mother is battling this same thing and went through her hair loss about 4 weeks ago.  Thank you for sharing your life.
Your smile still lights up your face and your beauty shines from your eyes!
You are a beautiful girl inside and out Becs and we are all sending you all our love and blessings and prayers for the tough journey you are facing. ❤️🙏❤️
💜💜💜💜wish you all the best.
You are beautiful and strong!  You shine like a wonderful beacon.  How great is Eamon, though … I imagine this is super difficult for him too but he is ab awesome support and cheer squad for you Bec.  He is super sweet and he really does rock the red hair and baseball cap!
You are the true  Sunshine here..Your positivity shines so brightly. You are an amazing woman, and you are VERY BEAUTIFUL BALD. Your Husband is a wonderful man, you are a wonderful Couple. I pray for your peace, and health.
Hot Damn! you look good Bec!  You mentioned Lee - If she was still here I could see her shaving her head too so you two could be twins 💛
Keep being you and best wishes. You are so strong.
you're way too hot bald! one breath at a time.
You seriously look beautiful without hair no worries there, and your face is just glowing! Yay you did it, and I can’t help thinking of all the people you’re helping as well by sharing your journey with us. Both of you are beautiful strong and courageous, cancer has got nothing on you! Sending Huge healing hugs your way🙏🏻💕💕🥰
STRONG, BEAUTIFUL AND KICK A$$!!!
My advice get yourself something warm to keep your head and neck warm
Your vulnerability is so inspiring. Sending you love and light on your healing journey ❤️
Absolutely beautiful bec
Bec you seriously have the most beautiful bald head ever
Eamon you should shave your hair too! To be Brave like her. And show her its only hair. And when this is over you can both grow your hair at the same time. It would be sweet.🥰🤗💞
Very brave to share this! Youre beautiful. So is your buddy! Glad to see you handling it so well.
He is so good to her
You are a beautiful woman. It does not matter if you have hair or not you are simply beautiful. Your smile and your charm is stunning. You are going through quit the battle but yours and Emmon’s love story is amazing. The love and respect you have for each other is touching. Wish you the very best, Bec. I am sending hugs and prayers.❤️🙏
😍❤️
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; Proverbs 3:5  Praying for you 🙏
You are so beautiful 😍   Stay strong hon.
I wholeheartedly understand,  I've been down that road, my hair was down to my backside, on the 10th day after I cut my hair to an inch all over, my scalp still hurts sometimes after 9 months after the last treatment,  I saved my ponytail but didn't send it away
Wow, you're so beautiful. I love you both so so so so so much
Not to make light  of your struggle but your will be freezing now lol you look gorgeous though
New viewer and subscriber here. Bec, you are truly bald and beautiful! All the best to the both of you...
Bec is bold and Bec is beautiful 👸
We love you both!!! You are so beautiful bec!!!!! Emon you to 🤣
Prayers for your journey. You are beautiful. I had to have the front half of my hair shaved when I had a craniotomy to remove a tumor behind my left eye. My scar is from ear to ear.  After surgery I wore beautiful scarfs and then I just decided to let the bald shine through until it grew back.  🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰
You look like a warrior - I hope you rock it with pride for yourself and all others.  All I see is pure strength.
Bec, you really are just gorgeous with or without hair. When one of my best friend's lost her hair from cancer, she said using her eyelashes was the hardest for her. I am really glad you are sharing this part of your cancer journey. There are so many people going through this or loving someone going through this and it helps to have build a greater understanding. Just praying for you guys and rooting for you both. This is most definitely a journey for you both. Big hugs.
Bec, your bravery in documenting your journey is so beautiful. We are all here to support you emotionally. And, you are one of few people who can rock a bald head. Love you both! 💕
You are pretty with or with out hair
my mom has breast cancer too and her journey started three years back. she tried all kinds of natural treatments and more conventional medicines and is still battling. but anyway, I just wanted to comment because every time I watch your videos I break down crying. It reminds me so much of what our family had and continues to walk through. And it means a lot that you are willing to share this intimate journey with the world. you are giving strength and hope to so many people. I want you to know you are NOT ALONE. there are people out there who know how it feels. and I know you can never fully understand unless you are in this situation. but please know you are doing an amazing thing by raising awareness of breast cancer(cancer in general) and bringing to light how it feels to walk through a journey like that. you guys are so inspiring, impacting and so much stronger than you know. you are so courageous and beautiful. I know, no one can say anything to truly make it better. but I want you to know you are not alone. God is right there beside you. and there are so many people who love you and are praying for you. keep going never give up no matter what. you guys are so cool!  hold on to lee's sweater she is right there beside you :3 we are all crying with you. xoxoxo
Bec, you look like a rockstar with the shaved head, beautifull and bas ass! Eamon stay strong, i can see you're trying really hard, i can tell from experience that being there for others in this kind of situations is really hard. I'm praying really hard for both of you. Lots of love.
This is truly powerful. Just so moved by both of you and your love. Sweet Shalom to you ♥️
You look awesome and I’m not just saying that. My husband shaved mine for me too in July due to chemo. Aren’t we so blessed to have such great partners. It’s 33 years for us. You’ll will be stronger and grow closer! My hair is just now growing back in and the whole journey has gone faster than I thought. Hugs!
You actually have the bone structure and a gorgeous face shape for a bald head. Rock it, and own it!
💕💕💕
❤️
Sending love to you both! Thank you for letting us in, it’s an honor.
You are so strong <3
Bec, you continue to shine! <3
Prayers for you
❤️❤️❤️
Amen.
May I recommend a good joint :) You two and your family are in my prayers
Sending you all the love, positive thoughts and warrior spirit that lifted me up a few years ago!!!!! <3
Sending lots of love from Kingston Ontario ❤️
You truly are beautiful bald and it makes you look like your twenty!
You look great bald!  Rock the earrings!!!  And Lee is your guardian angel...
I just want to thank you so much for letting us be apart of this. I have so so so much love for you guys. ❤
Massive props for being honest and showing the truth. Stay strong and keep fighting. Sending positive energy and prayers to you both.
GI Jane....your rocking the look and strong as a soldier. You've got this!
🙏❤️🌹
You guys are cool people for real
Bec you look hot! Your looks never define who you really are. Eamon you are a man among men. I don’t think there is a word to describe how a utterly amazing man you are. It has never been more obvious you love Bec soul and the person she is. I have never seen a man more committed. Just remember this a difficult moment in time that when your both are old and gray will look back on and say it was so hard but we did it. I’m so glad to see you both doing yoga together. That positive energy will help you both threw this difficult time. And keep you both grounded together. Sending love and positive healing vibes
Thank you for sharing your vulnerability and honesty. You are so brave in just sharing your experiences with 1 million+ subscribers!  Crying with you and sending peace and healing thoughts. Curious when Eamon is shaving his head 😉
well you actually do look great with a bald head
Your so Beautiful Bec…  I just want you to know I love you guys.. and will be praying for both of you.. My heart swells with love for both of you
You look so rad bald
Eamon why don’t you shave your head to match bec
Bec, you look BADASS!!! You are badass and that bitch Cancer has nothing on you. Sending you so much love from Vancouver.
Your love shines so brightly. 💕
Bec you're doing absolutely amazing, your outlook on life is truly an inspiration. You absolutely rock your new look
Beauty is within you, and it shine through you, Bec. Don't worry just Breathe and relax. This to shall pass. Much love 🤗🥰💞We are all here with you. Bec 🙏🤗😍
You look like Charlize Theron in Mad Max, kickass and beautiful!!!! You’re a tough woman…. you got this!!!
Hugs, love and positive vibes all coming your way. You are loved!!
I shaved my daughters head when she was going through chemo treatments, I can remember her asking me several times if I was OK. She was & still is such a bad ass ♥️
Long time l don’t cry and you Make me cry , Bec you look like you are so pretty.
With the wig on, you are so beautiful.
Bec you look so badass! Super punk rock, tough woman! You have the perfect face for the bald style. You are so much more than your hair, your beauty shines from within! 💛💛💛💛💛💛
Eamon, you are being such a great support and care taker. Keep up the positivity and Becs head looks great. Thanks for sharing with us and diverting your energy. I’ll be sending positive vibes your way.
We don’t love you for your hair. We love you for YOU and your personality and all your qualities. You are beautiful. honestly❤️
My mom is going through this right now too so watching you go through it is so raw. You are so incredibly strong. I can’t tell you how much your positivity about this has helped my mom with her battle. Losing her hair was rough on her but she got so excited about her wigs and caps too! Thank you so much for sharing your journey.❤️
Head mole twins! <3
You can make this girl!💕💕💕💕🙏🙏🙏
YOU LOOK SOOO AMAZING 👏
You are so beautiful and so freaking brave to share this journey and I was definitely crying along with you. I completely understand the feeling of attachment to your hair and I commend you for being so open and real about what your going through. You are both so special and Eamon your are the most amazing example of what a supporting partner should look like.💜
Just watched your video and I know you get lots of comments and you probably won’t read this. Our son is a dual organ transplant recipient and I know things may be hard. Just keep being as positive as you are. Our son got his transplant 4 years ago.  You are so brave and thank you for sharing your journey   You guys are so cute.   We at in our 50s and don’t like to see young people struggle like this.
What's "trending" is living!!! You are so beautiful! No hair, short hair, bangs or long hair!!! Y'all are so amazing together. Stay strong Eamon & Bec! I love you guys 😘
Stay strong
U look even more beautiful. I worked on a woman's caner ward for years and I specifically remember one lady used to trick me and wear a different wig every day she had som many styles and colours they were amazing. Do the the same and trick people have fun. Also invest in some  ginger sweets I think you can get them from ginger factory in brisbane. ( if you know anyone) wishing you strength,care and happiness lovely lady. Xx
The fact that your trending has me tickled pink!!! Been following you for years. Love you like your my siblings or something. I feel like I know you as my own friend and I thank you for continuing to share your life with the internet, and me!
Bec you truly look so cool!!! You guys are literally the sun to me. I am so so so grateful that you brought us along on this emotionally difficult journey. Sending you all the love from all of us in the community.
Sending more love and positive vibes. You're still gorgeous. Also, everyone needs an Eamon 😁I glad you have one for your journey.
❤❤
I worked as a nurse in a major cancer hospital. I had many breast cancer patients adjust to losing their hair by thinking about what their hair will come in like. Curly, wavy? Maybe straight as rain.  Good luck, Becks. Your journey is your own, but sharing it can help many others.
Oh honey...you are so very strong. God bless and bald is beautiful as you are, inside and out!
You are such a beautiful person, and are going to rock your beautiful self with no hair! Peace and strength, hugs and prayers. I worked in a medical office and we dealt with a 28 year old young lady who had breast cancer, very similar to yours and she is doing very well and cancer free 10 years later.
Wow how beautiful 🤩 with or without hair. You are so strong Bec. And so is Eamon your love shines through always and it's beautiful to watch. Your positivity infectious. You both are fabulous people and I send lots of love healing and positivity back to you both but especially you Bec. Keep smashing it what a woman 💓💓
Love  you 😍  be strong
Can't wait to see Becs hair grow back out on the other side of treatment with all sorts of cute and edgy styles
You guys are amazing .. BTW I am straight female but.. ...  becs you are look amazing . I mean like smoking hot amazing. Am crushing on your new look atm . Bald suits you .. hothothot . Keep up the possitivity ...truly inspirational
You are so amazing and strong, you have such a support husband, there wasn’t a moment during this vlog that I was not crying. I wish you all the love, light, strength and healing ❤️
🙏🏻💕💕💕
Much love ❤️
Sending you love 💗
You are such a beautiful couple; the love between you shines as a bright beacon of light as you travel this cancer journey together
Each phase; fringe, bob, bald has looked amazing! You probably didn’t know until now you could do anything with your hair and you would look so completely adorable!  This video is reminding me that over 11 years ago when I went through this journey, throughout chemo I had so many dreams where I suddenly had hair again! And I read that since you do loose your hair everywhere, your nose runs constantly, cause you don’t have hair doing it’s job in your nostrils. That turned out to be so true for me. I could not do anything without so many tissues in my pockets! All these details coming back while watching this!  🤗  (If you’re doing ice gloves for hands and feet during any of the drips, I kept ice chips in my mouth as well and it helped A Lot with not having my taste buds as affected.)
Hugs🤗
I always comment prematurely, because I feel like I want to have a conversation with you as I watch your videos (then typically I go back and edit my comment to add more) but OMG the bob!?!?? Bec, your soul shines through regardless of what is on your head, and I want you to know I FEEL the warmth of your light each time I get to watch another snippet of your journey in this life. Sending love and healing vibes! <3
Bec you couldn't be more beautiful and I just love the way you two look after each other so well. Truly awesome couple.
What a beautiful and heartfelt video. I especially loved when you shared that you had Lee's sweatshirt on. That brought even more tears. I know how difficult this journey can be. You are so blessed and so beautiful sweet Bec. We are attached to our hair. I didn't go bald but it got so thin that people just stared at me head as they spoke to me. And when Eamon was shaving you, it reminded me of my moms head shaving party we had with all us girls. We love you and thank you so much for sharing this journey with us all and allowing yourself to be so vulnerable. I know it's not always easy. Remember, you are a beautiful warrior and we are cheering you on. Blessings to you all.
14:00 I burst into tears when you said you were singing. When i have panic attacks i start tapping and saying "i want to go home" even though I am already home.  I really like the idea of singing something instead...if i can.  I have PTSD and the tapping lets my husband know i am being triggered even before I do.  So E, make a note ... there are signs.
Bec, you look like eleven in stranger things (tv series) in short you look gorgeous! No joke.  you are beautiful no matter what. Im a silent support of yours and no matter what happen I’ll support both of you. I hope you got a chance to go to the Philippines
Bec, you are so beautiful. And brave. Sending healing light and love 💖
You both bring such positivity to your channel, even when times are so difficult. I feel that love, I want you to feel it back ❤
Good luck! You are beautiful 💕
You are beautiful with or without hair. Love to you both!
Bec, you look awesome. Prayers for strength through your recovery.
so beautiful!!!
💖 You are so beautiful Bec Even more so bald !!!  Enjoy your freedom !! you'll have hair again before you know it. What a WONDERFUL partner you have. Big , big hugs to you both.
You are strong and beautiful!  Keep it up and let your body do what it needs to do. It’s all part of the healing journey.
🥰🥰🥰😘
Continued prayers for you both 🙏🙏
Hang in there Bec, we are all there for you. Big hugs for Eamon for being there for you.  Love you. 🤗  Love the planter.  Thank you for keeping us informed on everything. You both are such a beautiful couple.
Warrior Woman!
Well if you thought showering with short hair was great - just you wait, no hair will be mindblowing!  No blowdryer, no curling iron, no tangles.   Remember behind every cloud is a silver lining.
You are so beautiful and strong, Bec. Your beauty is timeless and does not change no matter how you look 🙏🏻 but you look so badass without hair it’s amazing 🤩
No, Bec you are the one that is beautiful inside and out, whether you have long hair, or short hair, or are bald you are one badass chick oh yes we can't forget Eamon, you are one in a million buddy the perfect partner you both complement each other
You look amazing!  Vibes and prayers coming your way!
I'm a 19 year Breast Cancer survivor. Watching your videos bring back to my year of surgeries and Chemo. I had support like you from my wonderful husband. I remember the day he shaved my head. It is hard and a journey for sure. You are strong and will get through it. Listen to your body and rest as much as you need. I have now been with my hubby for 30 years. We have 3 beautiful daughters, 25, 22 & 21. They were so little when I was sick, they were my inspiration to fight and stay strong. Bless you and your healing.❤️🙏
I thoroughly enjoyed yalls travel videos. And I’ve always seen the love y’all have for each other but seeing yalls love thru Beck’s journey with breast cancer is so heart warming. I now look forward to your videos ❤️
Honestly Bec I've always thought you were beautiful and now I see it even more. Inside and out. I love you both so much. Your strength is so inspiring ❤️❤️❤️
Why am I tearing up over ponytail being added to becs wig
You are absolutely beyond beautiful no matter what love!! And such an inspiration of grace in the face of such a battle. While I am not going through cancer I am going through my own health battle right now and am using you as inspiration! Much love to you and healing prayers and vibes!! Hugs
Becca, are you kidding me?? You are so dang gorgeous.  I didn't think you could get any better looking. But that head of yours is phenomenal!!! Rock it. I wish Eaman was my brother.
you both look great. Bec you can really pull off having no hair. Eamon I really like that hair hat too.
You look so good you’re such a brave soul I’m so proud of you
You are so powerful. I’m incredibly proud of you. Also, your bone structure was made for a bald head, babe. You are stunning.
i love you eamon and beck❤️
Eamon and Bec, you two are amazing. You both are so brave to put this out on the internet and to share your journey with us. It really impresses me and encourages me. You are both so positive! I've had a few friends who have also gone through this journey and they are now healthy and have a head full of hair. Bec you are a fighter and an inspiration to us all. Sending love from Mississauga!
I shaved my head last year just for fun (and for actively combatting the patriarchal idea that you need long hair to be/feel feminine). It was one of the best experiences of my life!   I know this reason is different, but you are beautiful inside and out, and it will grow back! I’m sending you so much love!
I cried with you watching this. I think of you alot. Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. You are absolutely beautiful bald. Your beauty comes from within. I'm praying for your complete healing!
Beck, please listen to the song "I am not my hair" by India Arie 💖
Bec... your truly gorgeous with or without hair! Beautiful!
We all love you, keep your head up
Bec if you want some strawberry blonde hair for a wig I got you!! I’ll mail it to you no joke. 💜
Dear Bec, thanks for sharing this journey for anyone that might need it.  You are so gorgeous.  Sending you healing energy.
Aww Bec you are seriously so brave, beautiful and honestly cannot believe everything you are going through right now - our hearts go out and thank you so much for sharing your journey with us all!
Bec, you are totally rocking bald and I love it so much. You make bald beautiful because you are so so beautiful inside and out!
I’ve been following you for several years. I’m from Nl and I am so impressed with how you handle everything… before and after your cancer diagnosis. You are such an amazing team and I hope that I would handle what you’re going through with half the grace you guys are demonstrating❤️I’m a nurse as well and your attitude will get you through this!! You are amazing and beautiful !❤️❤️
What a great episode.  Thanks you so much for a being so real and helping everyone understand more about the process of cancer treatment.  Lots of love to you both Eamon and Bec🥰
Yes you look great shaved
❤️ ❤️❤️❤️
I'm happy you embraced your baldness. You truly are so beautiful and pretty. But more importantly you are such an amazing person.
GORGEOUS 💗💗💗💗💗
Beautiful, raw and honest! We are with you both! You are never alone! I suggest the wigs name be Esmeralda. Sounds exotic :) Continued prayers...
You both are amazing!!! Rallying behind you and sending so much love and peace and joy!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I love you guys and all my prayers and love go out to you!
Gorgeous inside and out 🤍
I watched Kara & Nate first before this. I was already crying when Kara said she cannot be with you guys. Now I am literally sobbing. You are so brave Bec. Much love & light from the Philippines. Kodus to Eamon & Oso
love and prayers sent to you guys, love watching you guys. Hope life treats you well!! you look amazing bald. <3333
Eamon join her with the bald head she looks great not sure how you'll look but give her the company. More power to you girl
Your amazing, and gorgeous. Keep being strong. I cry every time you cry...but your absolutely gorgeous
You def fight like a girl!!! Stay Strong!!! ( you know thats a good thing … right???)
You are an inspiration to others who are fighting the fight!  Thank you for sharing your journey with this breast cancer!  I was also just diagnosed!  It is scary but helpful to know that others are struggling and make it thru!  Thank you!  You got this!!!
Oh beautiful Bec , I pray for strength for you and Emon. Prayers for healing🙏 Stay strong and happy as you can.
You look so beautiful Bec sending 💕💕
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH GUYS
I love that you share all of the raw emotions of your journey. You and Eamon are quite the team!!!
You are an inspiration. It is an honor to go through this journey with the both of you ❤️  All my love coming from Washington State!
You do look good with short hair, and even with no hair.  I love that Kara took her latest hair cut and donated about 10" of hair for wigs, in your honor.  I wish you guys could have gotten together.  But you are beautiful, don't forget it.  You have a good man with you as well.  You two will be just fine, sooner than you think.  I'm glad you are getting treated, and I just feel whole heartedly this will be over with soon.   What a partner you have Bec...  and your strength is growing all the time.  I'm more familiar with this than I want to admit, and I won't talk about it here.  However the results were as good as they can be.  He's a good barber by the way!  The wig does look good also... but you look good no matter what Bec.  I need to quit typing, but I'm going to enjoy watching you come completely get over this.  Good luck you two.
Your vulnerability is inspiring. My heart was breaking along yours. You are so brave, so courageous, so uplifting even while you're going through so much. I have so much gratitude for y'all. ❤ Both of y'all are so beautiful inside and out.
Beck, with or without hair neither way you are just gorgeous. Your smile is just radiance through this whole process and never lose it.  I must appreciate how incredibly strong emon is in this whole process. Being there for bec physically and emotionally. I was just tearing up. Sending you lots of love and strength. When feeling low, please listen to Buddhist mantra chanting that will give you peace 🥰
Eamon you have to take care of yourself so you can be there for Bec.  Bec you are beautiful!!
You are so strong and beautiful Bec sending you my love <3 Also Eamon looks like Jared Leto at the end with ur wig and hat.
You're crying, I'm crying, we are all crying together with you. Love you sooooo much. Keep up the good fight, rest, cry, laugh..do all the things.
Bec you are rocking every look. I’m praying for both of you.
Sending so much love and many hugs y’all’s way. Your positivity through thick and thin is beyond inspiring for us all. Never give up and never stop being you. Y’all are changing the earth with this beautiful energy.
Love you and praying for you all the time! From Moncton NB
It is SO great to see you! ❤Sending you all my love from Lethbridge, AB ❤
Thank YOU for this video. Thank you. Both of you.
Oh Bec you look absolutely stunning. Having no hair makes your beauty really shine.  You rock the bald look!! Hope your both doing OK and sending healing prayers and love ❤️  xx
So much love for you guys💕💕💕💕
Way to go Bec. Eamon you rock.
It's so heartbreaking to lose your hair, but your identity is not limited to your hair.
You look amazing.. but your soul is so much more than hair and your shines brightly! Praying for you!
You both are so amazing and such an inspiration. You are beautiful inside and out !!!
So much love 💕 to you. Beautiful souls are beautiful no matter what!
You’re so beautiful and strong!! Eamon is such an incredible partner to  have through this journey!! You guys are amazing
I have to tell you that you are so beautiful without hair!!!! I only hope that as I get older and loss my hair I look as beautiful as you.
Sending a big hug. I went through BC treatment in 2020 and understand how scary, frustrating and out-of-body-experience it can be.
Aww Bec thank you for sharing such a vulnerable part of your journey. Also wanted to add that you are so luck to have such incredible support and unconditional love for Eamon 🥰. You rock your new look x
Beautiful.   Prayers stay strong.
That's Bec. My auto correct acted up
You are soooo beautiful bec 🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡
Ohh my you are so beautiful !! You two are just precious  love your energy  ✨ 💕
Bec you're so beautiful with long hair, and with Bob hair you're so cute and bubbly but when you're bald you look so sexy and elegant you rock it. Bless your journey to recovery.
You look amazing!!  Beautiful with or without hair.
Sending prayers and positive thoughts your way in the midst of the many tears that I cried right a long with you on this video. Thank you both for sharing your hearts with all of us. You guys are such a beautiful, bright spot in this world! And Bec you are stunning as ever!
Because you look like a Gi Jane bad ass fierce and beautiful if you have not seen the movie you should :)
Sending lots of continued prayers and love.  ❤️💕❤️ You got this Bec. You’re a brave and strong woman! Thank you too, Eamon, for being strong and supportive as well.  It definitely brings you closer as a couple.  I am 3 yrs post surgery and treatment for head and neck cancer and my husband was a huge strong and steady support, was with me ever step of the way.  I does make all the difference.  Hang in there. I love your smile! And Eamon’s right,  you ARE beautiful!
stay strong guys :)
I'm surprised that you guys didn't know about the Gerson Therapy. Sad to see that you're losing your beautiful hair due to the treatment. I wish you best of luck and a speedy recovery. 🙏
I'm here from Kara and Nate before you ever came out about this and I'm sticking around because of this because it hits home. My sister is currently battling breast cancer so seeing your story helps me understand what my sister doesn't share
God bless you honey on your journey through this. You are absolutely stunning and gorgeous with and without hair! I think anyone going through this, my mom included, deserve the highest kudos. Thank you for your transparency and giving those who are or will be in the future going through cancer, hope and a light at the end of the tunnel.
God! You are an incredible woman!
I was crying right along with you Bec. I'm glad you have a great companion through this difficult journey. Best to the both of you, and Oso too.
You are both amazing. I started watching for your adventures. I continue watching because of how special you both are. Both individually and as a couple!❤️
Your hair or lack of has not baring on your beauty. Love that radiates is the beauty.
him making that first cut made me cry!!! you got this you two are amazing
I don’t know about y’all but I am so excited for the day she beats cancer !!!! YOU GOT THIS ❤️❤️❤️💪💪💪
We love you, prayers comming your way. Love from Oregon USA
Only BadAss Babes can lose their hair and still rock on.
Lol bald
This episode had me feeling so many emotions. A part of me feels so sad watching you both go through this incredibly difficult journey. The other part of me feels inspired because of how gracefully and brave you are handling this everything. You are both such beautiful souls inside and out. Wishing nothing but the best for you Bec you are so so beautiful ❤️❤️
you've always been beautiful, the hair being only one small aspect of that.  And now we can all seeeeee you are STILL beautiful!  The looks that caught my attention (in a goooood way): Bald looks GREAT on you :).  The redhead baseball cap - oh my god. And wow, your wig looks pretty much exactly like your ("real"?) hair.  You rock em all, Bec :) What's awesome about you two, is how well you two work together thru everything.  Super glad you have each other in this and thru life.  Love to be following along on your journeys!
I’m so glad you have a wig for comfort and to feel like you’re true self but please don’t be ashamed of your beautiful head 🤍
Omg I was in tears when Bec told Eamon to stop pulling her hair and he reassured her that she was beautiful 🥺
Thank you for sharing your journey; your reality is filled with courage and valor! Eamon, your the most remarkable man with Beck and your love will see you through this from beginning to end! Stay positive my friends! Hugs from Tennessee-EH!
Seeing Bec's smile is so precious ♡
😘😘😘😘
You are a beautiful angel!! We love you Bec!!
Both of you are beautiful!
Loving those scarves 👍🏿💃🏿❤️
During the whole hair shaving scene I just kept saying “She looks like a literal badass”. Bec you are drop dead gorgeous. With all the hair. With none of it. And all the wigs. :) And thanks to Eamon for being as pumped about the bald head as I feel.
Your beautiful always 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹🥀🥀🥀🌺🌺🌺🌻🌻🌻🌻🌺🥀🌹🥀🌺🌼🌷🌷🌻🌻🌺🥀🌻🌼
Bec, you are SO BEAUTIFUL inside and out. Hair grows back. Don’t think that your hair is what makes you so special. Your inner beauty will always be there for everyone to bask in. We all love you and are so glad you have Eamon to love and support you.
As someone who is very attached to their hair, this is my nightmare and I hope that if I ever go through something like this, I will have even an ounce of the strength you did💛
you look amazing!!! and you are so brave and so strong. Sending you lots of love.
Thank you for sharing your journey. You are helping so many people!
❤️🇨🇦
Sweet Bec. You are a star. Sharing such a vulnerable experience gives so much strength and love and soul to everyone who watches. We are here with you, sharing space, I hope you feel it.
You’re so strong Bec and are surrounded by love both in person and online I hope you know and remember that❤️ Also thank you Eamon for being so supportive and loving towards Bec during this time. Not a lot of people are blessed enough to have a support system like you but eveyone needs one so I’m glad Bec has you☺️
My wife is in tears with a huge smile on her face. Thank you, you are really beautiful. Always have been. You too Bec.
Praying for you Bec, and you look beautiful! I'm a Cancer survivor x 2 , I had Kidney cancer in 2011, and had  1/2 of my right kidney removed, and I had Thyroid Cancer in 2012 and had my thyroid removed! I have been clear e ver since and they do tests ev ery year! I'm in my 60s, so you've got this Bec!!! God is Good.  Love yours and Eamon's videos.
You are still beautiful inside and out! May God continue to be with you! You got this!
When you lose your hair, it makes it more real somehow. It can make you feel more exposed, like people you don't even know,  know your most personal  struggle. It can leave you feeling vulnerable.  Hang in there. It will grow back and be beautiful.  You are not your hair. Just focus on getting  healthy.  I'm 2 years cancer free now. It's not easy, but you can do this. Hang in there.
Big loves at you Bec. You share your experience as a TRUE warrior. Including the whole roller coaster of emotions.  Eamon, you're a wing man par excellence! Good on you brother! <3
I lost my hair due to covid. Hair loss is really hard. Just like you, I lad really thick hair all the way down to my lower back. You are not alone babes❤️ we are here with you
Your absolutely amazing Bec!!!
💕💕💕
I feel like Lee would be proud of your vulnerability AND your resilience Bec.  I could “see” her right there with Eamon cheering you on and trying on wigs. 💕
Everyone can use a good cleanse day. You rock, girl! Beautiful soul, amazing personality, beautiful person. Your eyes have it!
🤟🏾
You two are so beautiful ✨ inspiring in every way.
Love you Bec! Congratulations on your 1million subscribers.
I find myself saying one thing this whole video & it’s “oh my god she’s so cute, I can not!!” Bec, you are absolutely beautiful in & out 😍  your ability to stay so strong through this whole process is just envious!!!!! Keep staying strong & praying to god. As this is just another bump in your path…and you have someone amazing to tackle those bumps with ❤️ Eamon, you are so good to her & such a good support!!!! Keep that positive attitude as these times she needs it the most❤️❤️
And I am not just saying that -- 'You look absolutely gorgeous' :)  Keep on truckin' you two :)
No hair -  really shows how beautiful your face is.
sending you much love
😁👍🏻❤️🥰🙏
I "met" you guys on Riley and Elayna's channel. And now, I have laughed and cried with you both. Sending much love from Florida. Bec, you are a beautiful young lady! Don't let "hair" get you down. You WILL get through this, and then it will all be over. Peace and Love....
You are Beautiful and Courageous Lady! You have one loving husband. I'm praying for you sweetie! 🙏💒💗
Two of my friends were recently diagnosed with breast cancer and both start chemotherapy next week. I will share your story with them. Just gotta say, you ROCK that look. Bald sure is beautiful on you! Thank you for sharing your journey.
I shaved my head a couple years ago and it was hard at first. I had pretty long hair. Instant regret. But it didn’t take long to get used to and I ended up loving it. I grew my hair out and am thinking about shaving it again. Eamon is right. You do look rad bald.
I stumbled on your channel just now and your hair loss journey triggered similar emotions of mine now 14 years ago to alopecia.  I was so enthralled with how quickly you have come to embrace your bald beauty. I still struggle so much. Having a wonderful supportive partner like you do is such a blessing. Of course I’m not battling cancer like you are and getting your health back is the most important thing. Sending you healing vibes forever.
You REALLY do look great bald! You have such beautiful bone structure and you are strong!
With the metallic taste use plastic silverware. That’s what they told my mom. She had cancer 3 times. Stay strong. Sending hugs and prayers.my nephew had leukemia and shaved his head and all of his teammates from the football team shaved their heads in support.
Totally punk rock Bec! Wear a leather jacket, a bracelet with chrome spikes and a really scary upper lip snarl and you’ll be the lead singer of every punk band of my youth! Rock on Bec!
Bec you are incredible, Eamon, you are a good guy🥰
I laughed with you,  cried with you and aside from my daughter who also lost all her hair to brain cancer you have the second most beautifully shaped bald head that I have ever seen. You are beautiful bald !!! I know we don't know each other but I am letting you know that You have been in my thoughts and prayers.  Sending you Strength, :)
Beauty comes from the heart, and you are beautiful inside and out. You are amazing! Been praying for you both. Be Blessed!!
Eamon’s l💜ve for you Bec is just just just the most special. I cried not for your loss of hair but for how you two love each other.
Grief hair loss is very normal and necessary. While you are beautiful, it is a loss. Walk through the grief, it is the only way through. You have a great community around you. Lean in as you are able. You are coming through this, girl!
Wow- you do look great with a shaved head! It must have been so hard that day, I was tearing up with you too❤️ hoping your third treatment is going well!
You are Beautiful with or without hair .. embrace it you are strong and you are gorgeous 😘😘❤️❤️❤️
This is so difficult for me personally to watch.  I lost my bestie a year and a half ago to colon cancer.  I relate totally to all you are going through.  I care took her.  She had a beautiful bald head, just as you do Becca.  Rock it girl!  You have one life and you need to enjoy every minute of it.  You got this and I see many more beautiful years ahead for the both of you!
You are such an inspiration and so beautiful inside and out Bec ♥️
you are beautiful Bec with our without the hair. If only the company I work with would allow us bald, I would shave my head cause I envy your looks. :) God bless you with strength.
Oh Bec, you have me crying with you! You look so beautiful! Sending you two so much love ❤
You guys are the BEST!! Bec, you are absolutely beautiful!! Saying so many prayers for you! ❤️
STAY STRONG 💪 AND POSITIVE EVERYTHING WILL BE OK
PS. You have a perfect shaped head!! ❤️ The wig is SO natural… it’s crazy’s you look like your old self! ❤️
Hey Bec, I'm using my husband's phone to send you my message. We have watched you and Eamon for the last 4 years.  We will be sending you all of our love and hugs EVERY single week through this journey of yours . You ARE beautiful  inside and out.  As I said before when you cry I cry. You are so genuine. Keep those spirits high and you will make it through anything. We love you!  Eamon you are a GEM!!! We love you too!
The bald makes her more appealing  it suits her .
Even though your hair was beautiful, it was not what made you beautiful. Your love and passion for life is what makes you beautiful, your love for Eamon makes you beautiful, the fact that you care so much about the earth that you buy recycled clothing makes you beautiful, the way you share yourself with all of us, the good and the not so easy to deal with, Bec, these are just a few of the reasons you are beautiful and I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. Sending you and Eamon lots of love!
My mother had breast cancer ,and lost her hair because of it.     She is now cancer free
Love you guys!!!
Unbelievable!  U CAN ROCK ANY LOOK!  U have a beautiful head, DAMN!!!!!  U GUYS ROCK!  Eamon u r incredible, huge hugs to u both!!!  LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE U GUYS!
A friend went through chemo and lost her hair. It grew back curly! Hang in there, you'll have beautiful hair again when you get to the other side of this.
Keep powering on!   Thanks for sharing.  Love you guys!
Not me crying
I love you both so, so much! Eamon you are such an amazing partner and you are both so wonderful together!  Bec you are gorgeous with hair and without hair!  You are one of the lucky ones! GORGEOUS! ❤️ Sending you lots of love, you got this Bec! You are such an inspiration!!!! xo 😘 ❤️ Love to you both…..🙏🏻
Bec, I’ve been following you guys for 2 years now. I never miss a Sunday. But this journey has been so raw, power, and real, that when I see you’ve posted catch myself holding my breath, then I slowly decide to take the next piece of the journey with you. I send love and light to you daily, and I just wanted you to know that you are so VERY VERY loved! I understand the pain of this. I cried throughout the entire 30 minutes of this. Thank you for trusting us to walk with you through this.
You had me laughing, crying, & smiling with you throughout this video! Love to you both, beautiful humans! 💗💗
❤️❤️❤️
okay but i love you two so much!!!! have been watching you for a very long time I feel part of your family have been here when you lost Lee and  through this and ya bet will be here when you get to ring that bell of cancer freee woop woop <3
By the way I use an app called Planta and it tells you exactly when to water what plant, how much sun it needs and if you need to move it because its getting cold outside (also as a Canadian it really helps lol) also you look stunning with or without hair <3
You look so beautiful in short hair and without hair at all! Though I'm biased, I love short hair :D
Your head is the perfect shape for going bald! It looks amazing!
Eamon was making me cry so much, she's so lucky to have him!
Watching the love you have for each other makes me tear up with gratitude. I have my own honey bunny and feel so lucky. I can only wish we’d be as graceful and humble and courageous and loving in facing health challenges as you both are. The two of you are truly lovely. Sending heaps of love! You’ve got this.
I am a cancer survivor and I will just let you know your scalp will be very sensitive to pillowcases so I would suggest a silk it helps a lot
Your beautiful no matter what your hair or any part of your body looks like. We love you 😘
Girl, your look is so versatile! You Rock it all! That yoga sesh shot was so golden. Love you both.
You are so inspiring and brave!
We love you , we love you, we love you…and EAMON rocks those long wigs..that was epic!!
Love and hugs to you and yours ❤️
Ahh Im crying so much 😭 we don’t even realize that our identity is build with many parts of our body. You look beautiful
Can I just say how proud I am of her going through this very crazy journey and you look AMAZING
You both are amazing! You are gorgeous Bec, inside and out! Every time I see your beautiful smile and hear your laugh it lifts me up! Thank you for sharing your story with us! Love you guys!! 💖
You look beautiful with and without hair.  Your strength is palpable!    You are an inspiration!!!
You are so beautiful!!! God is amazing!!
Love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️. Bec is an inspiration, and so is the future hubby!
I'm so proud of how strong you are bec! My thoughts and prayers are always with you :)
Bec, your so beautiful and your beautiful soul That’s what shines through.  Lee Is with you every step of the way. Just wait she’ll give you signs if she hasn’t already. Rock this chapter of your life with your head held high. You’re a true super star.
What an inspiration y’all are!  You are beautiful Bec!  And Eamon is the best!  You’re both blessed!
I love you Bec. You are a warrior with such grace and beauty through this whole thing. Lee would be so proud of you. Emon, ,  you are  an awesome  partner,.
Looking great Bec.   Prayers to you.
You’re both absolutely beautiful inside & out. There aren’t even words for people like you two. Sending so so much love, Bec you are beautiful💛!!
Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us, good days and bad days, the raw hard emotions and the glowing beacon of positivity that radiates from you both. I love seeing all the natural ways you are still treating your body, the walks, the yoga, the natural foods etc. What an inspiration to anyone who is currently struggling with anything, wether it is cancer, another physical Illness or mental health - you show that no matter what, we can all make such positive actions throughout our days and fight for total happiness and health. You’ve got this Bec! Your a beautiful lady, and that  comes from your soul <3 Gorgeous with long hair, Gorgeous with short hair,  Gorgeous with shaved hair, Gorgeous Bald, Gorgeous with a wig!
You are a beautiful and kind and sweet  woman. Hair or no hair. Rock some big earrings now 😘
YOU ARE GORGEOUS!!!!! 💕
Gorgeous! 😍
Both of you are simply put “fucking strong and fucking amazing!”
You are so beautiful! I couldn't girl crush any harder!!!! Congratulations on 1 mil you guys, I can't think of anyone who deserves it more, love you guys!!
You look beautiful without hair!!!! Legit gorgeous!!!! Work it girl! ❤️❤️❤️
I suggest naming the first wig "Bella" for beautiful.
I'm at the part of shaving... And like.. Damn once hair loss is over you could go side shave for life 🤣 looks hot.
This shit gonna make you two way stronger no more is eamon gonna leave the dishes for her to wash like a lil bishhh. Smoke that Cali weed for the naseua
Wig name = Hope... obviously. Hey Beck.... You got this. Let's go!.
We are not just saying that Bec. We like it…and we 💕 you!!!
I agree that you look RAD!!! And I think a Mohawk in your future is funky fresh
Bee you will ALWAYS  be BEAUTIFUL inside and out. And Eamon you are just an Awesome husband! We Love you Both!  Stay Strong and the Brave woman you are Bec!
Just so you know some of the most beautiful women in the world wear wigs (Dolly Parton) YOU.  You are amazing and remind people what being yourself is all about.  Being a cancer survivor myself, some days are not easy but know that with each day you go through them you get a little stronger.  Sending all my family's love you, Eamon, and the rest of your family.  On a side note we love our hair as it is something we could always control and some of us (me) really felt more attached to it than we thought of.  That is ok, Because hair grows back (had four cancers) and mine did too.
💖🤗
Having many family members that have fought many types of cancer I just want to say you got this!!!! You are gorgeous bald or not.
You got this!!!!!  Hugs and prayers 🙏
You are not your hair!!  You’re beautiful inside and out!  Embrace every minute of it!  Continue to be strong and when you can’t, try it again the next day!  We’re all here cheering and praying for you Bec!!!  Thanks for sharing!   Remember your journey is going to empower so many others that’s going through this that may not have a strong support system!!  See u next soon!!!
You are so strong to share your journey, thank you for being you.
Bec, Sweetheart! I don’t think you realize just how strong and beautiful you are! Last year my uncle who is like a father to me was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. He is still fighting it. You are a warrior. As I watch your videos of this journey all I see is a strong woman being polished daily by this experience. You are a diamond love! Keep shinning bright!
You are so beautiful. Prayers for you both. 💕
You both are so amazing!! Bec, I admire you and how strong you are! You are so wonderful and patient, and so incredibly caring. Eamon you compliment each other so effortlessly. To see how incredibly strong your love for Bec is and watch the amazing things you do for her and how you hold her at her weakest is just so heartwarming. You are both amazing amazing people! Wish we had a world full of people just like the both of you. Lots of love on this journey! We’re here with you and for you!!! Love you both!! Xoxo
You look amazing!!!
You're so blessed to have your supportive hubby. You're so beautiful with hair or not! You're blessed beautiful girl. You look good in scarves, wigs, bald! Empower yourself! Some of us don't look good in wigs, scarves or balded. You're strong young lady. God has you and Eamon, just don't give up! I gain so much inspiration from you both. I'm an old black grandma and I enjoy your blogs. Keep it up!
You are SO brave and SO strong. ❤️💕
Bec you really do look like an absolute badass bald! These videos are so inspiring and I admire both of your realness and vulnerability! Sending so much love to you <3
I see you and acknowledge your pain, you are so brave and strong.  You are lucky to have such an awesome partner.  Love you guys.  You are both beautiful inside and out !
How are you Eamon? I know it is hard for Bec, but I also know that Eamon is suffering with Bec and at the same time pulling all the strength that you both need. You are strong Eamon, you can do this with Bec. Love you both.
Bec you rock Girl!!!! So brave and strong even when you don't think you are, you are such an inspiration. Eamon your love and care for Bec is incredible,  I love how you both take care of each other. I'm praying for you through this journey your on, take care and I love all you hair do's
Bec just know that you have so many people who love you and are behind you 💯. You’re beautiful no matter what inside and out! ♥️♥️♥️
Congrats guys for 1 million! You deserve all the views! You look so beautiful bald! Inside and out beauty!
🌹❤️❤️
Sending you so much love.  I also hold so much of my identity in my long hair. I wish we could all give you a big hug - you are so strong to share your journey with those you don’t know, but also may need it. Love to you and Eamon ❤️❤️ (and the cutest puppy)!
Bec, I just love you. You’re so amazing and beautiful and just a bright light in a dark world. Love you so.
You are beautiful! And a light💕💕💕
<3
Right here with you guys. Every step along the way.
Oh my ..watching this was sad and so beautiful at the same time !  Bec you are so beautiful!  And what makes me cry is how much Eamon loves you and supports you . That is so much more precious than hair ! I know you know that and your love is returned . Yup …crying again . Thanks for sharing this very personal journey with us . I lost my beautiful husband of 45 years to a very aggressive cancer two years ago ….so I am so happy to know that your treatments will result in a long and beautiful life together . Yeah for Cancer research and clinics in Canada !
Watching and listening to Eamon take care of you, shows us one of the reasons you fell in love with him. Such a beautiful love you have for each other.
Bec, your absolute 💯 Beautiful ❤️
I have been watching you both now for 3 years and have felt blessed to be able to watch yall be so strong and genuine. Bec and Eamon you guys will forever be an inspiration! The support in this video coming from all sides of you Bec is truly incredible and you deserve every ounce of love! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL IN ALL THE WAYS! <3 Stay strong lovely!
Thank you for sharing your hair journey.  You are so beautiful with long hair, short hair and you absolutely rock the no hair look!! 💜
Thank you for your honesty and sharing the very special love you have for  each other , a most inspiring love story 💜
I love you Bec Truly I am Crying and Lauging and praying with you Queen !!!! This to shall pass !!!
You are beautiful!
You are beautiful
hair or no hair you're beautiful  I'm so glad that you have Eamon by your side thorough this journey, youll be in my prayers
Bec your so brave I lost all my hair when I had chemo as well my hair kept my head warm  I wore beanies and scarfs  I found different colours of scarfs  when chemo was finished my hair grew back slowly got super curly  and so soft  my heart go out to you love and light sending healing thoughts  I love your  bald head it’s beautiful your a beautiful person inside and out 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰😘😘😘😘😘❤️❤️❤️❤️🫂🫂🫂🫂I love your scarfes
You are SSSOOO strong!!! And you have the most AMAZING support! Lots and lots and lots and lots of love!!! 💕 and applause 👏🏻
God bless Eamon, on occasion he has to be strong for the both of them.  Love them both.
Every time I have seen a woman with the shaved look, I never thought  "oh she must be sick or something". I always took it as " what a badass she is, she must be in the military". Never, ever gave it second thought. Either way Bec, you rock with or without hair. Sending prayers to you both and much positive energy.
She kind of looks like Katy Perry now.
Oh my gosh! When you put the wig on I cried! You look beautiful with all hair styles, but that wig looks like your natural hair! I'm sending all my love and support to you and Eamon!
You are so beautiful Bec and so brave!  Love and light forever!
I know you might think people are just saying "you look so good" to make you feel better...but honestly, you fucking rock this so well!!! You look absolutely stunning. Powerful and badass! You are beautiful inside and out and I just love u guys. - Kristen
That plant holder with the glasses is the sweetest thing ever. ❤️ So thoughtful. I can’t imagine how hard it is to lose your hair. To go through what you’re going through. I do think you look like a bad ass G.I. Jane though. 👊🏻🔥 You both are amazing. Sending you love from Saskatchewan!
I've been following you two for awhile now and nearly broke down to learn of your diagnosis. I can't thank you enough for sharing your journey with the world! You look beautiful hair or no hair!  Watching from Vancouver, BC <3
I just recently discovered you guys and really enjoy watching your videos! Thank you for sharing your vulnerable moments. That just shows how strong you are. Keep rocking the new look Bec and enjoy less hair maintenance while you can! Much love ❤️
My thoughts and prayers are with you for a speedy recovery!  You are beautiful, you are brave, you are Bec!
This took me back to sitting in my kitchen drinking champagne while my husband shaved my head with my two little boys and my girlfriend looked on. I tried to be brave too but needed a moment to cry alone in the bathroom too. I didn’t want to be “that” girl either, but you do come to terms with it as you continue the journey. Cudos to Eamon. This is very hard on the partner no matter how you slice it. Love to you both.
Bear is starting to build a following. Just saying. Bec- you're beautiful.  Period.  Eamon, you're pretty too bro.
i well keep you in my prayes for  , your family with love .
You're beautiful. And your fiance is awesome
First thank you so much for this special video. Eamon you are the best man to this women that walks the earth. Bec you are so so strong and so beautiful. I fell so blessed to have found you 3 years ago. I have always looked forward to your videos but this one was the best. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. #becrocks
We’re crying and laughing with you Bec. Thank you for sharing this journey with us.stay strong, you’re beautiful 😍
The two of you though, Be Still My Heart 💜😊 Thank you for sharing your journey, God Bless and continue to give you strength, laughter, love and Health. 💜💜
You are so pretty. Bald looks good on you!!
Love and positive vibes ♥️ you both are Beautiful souls and I’m so proud of both of you
I’m sort of late to the show and only started following you guys since you hopped on La Vagabond.  I loved watching that whole interaction with the nurse sharks and I watched it twice and almost peed myself😂 I have never watched a video and laughed so hard!  After that I saw the post about the ca diagnosis and I thought is this happening?  I have been following along ever since.  I’m a nurse and I think you are an amazing person of strength and perseverance.  You are an example for anyone who struggles with an adversity in life.  None of us are immune we just have different ones.  I pray 🙏 for you and your amazing husband.  After your better…Eamon for president? Stay strong!❤️
You guys are such a beautiful couple, Beck girl, you are gorgeous no matter what! Embrace it, I love the bald look on you; with that gorgeous face of yours, you definitely rock it girlfriend!! Also love how Eamon is there for you during this process and journey you're going through. Because this is something you guys will go through together as a couple. You're gonna have your good days & your bad days through this journey but always remember that there's always a bright light at the end of every tunnel. Just keep pushing & believing in yourself & that you can get through this & you WILL. Sending all of my love and prayers to you beautiful girl, I hope you keep that bright beautiful contagious smile of yours & don't ever let it go! Even during the harder trying times like these. One day you will be able to look back at this journey & see just how strong you really are & how far you've came & are willing to go in order to fight for your happy ending. You shine bright like a diamond 💎 everytime I see you & your personality & energy is just so infectious in the greatest way possible. I hope you do see this comment & I wish you & Eamon both, peace, love & happiness for an eternity. Bless you both. 💗🌺💮🌷🌸🕊️☮️💜😊
Okay I'm going to say it. Bec you look freaking amazing bald!! I actually prefer this new look.
Bec! You're gorgeous, and your bravery and gratitude is the most beautiful thing.  Praying God's blessings over you.  Much love to you both.
Bec you are truly beautiful at ever stage, inside and out! Congratulations on 1 million. 🥳
I FREAKING LOOOOOOOOOOOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!! 😁😬😇🙃😊😎🤟🤟🤟
Would Eamon shave his head with you? Love the bedroom shelves! Go the wild big earrings, clip on ear covers, etc. might as well enjoy what you can. My dear daughter went through this. Hugs.
I shall call you "eleven" from now on. (Stranger Things).  Your super power is being able to rock the new look!!!
Thank you for sharing, I think of you all the time. Xoxo Adrienne from Montreal
you are so strong and you look amazing your so bright and your personality is the first thing anyone would notice about you
I cry with you bec. Your so strong and your bright bubbly personality is amazing!
You are so honest and real sharing the details of this journey! I have a lot of empathy for you. I agree with a lot of other comments that it is your personality that always makes you radiate! You are beautiful!
omg bec you're totally serving robin tunney empire records vibes or sinead oconnor. classic 90's babe! im living for it <3
You do look Great bald. I mean, you look great anyways, but it's not a bad look, I'd say.
we love you both so much. i look forward to seeing your faces, everytime there’s a new video. we are all here with you on your journey, and always thinking of you two. sending so much love!
Oh Bec my heart is breaking for you! So many changes, I’m praying for you! Eamon you are a treasure!
You are beautiful Bec! Your hair does not make you the person that you are. It is what is on the inside that counts most and you are awesome! Allow yourself to feel whatever it is you're feeling, but know that you have so much strength and so many people supporting you. Eamon you are so incredible with Bec and I love watching how much you two love one another. Sending you both hugs! Thank you for sharing your story with us.
Thank you so much for sharing your full journey with all the emotions. You are brave and you both are such an inspiration.
Goddess bless you both infinitely...
Bec….YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and Eamon is a SWEETHEART. ❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so incredible. Your honesty and strength and vulnerability made me tear up for sure. You look stunning and your guys love for each other shines so brightly in every video. Sending loads of positivity your way! You are both loved!!
You are truly amazing and beautiful people. So much love, strength and positivity. Thank you for showing the good and not so good. Thinking of you guys ❤️
Long hair, short hair or bald, you are beautiful. I can’t imagine how difficult this is for you but you are handling your hair loss with dignity.
You are strong and beautiful!
you rock girl you are an inspiration and the most beautiful woman and for Aemon you are an unbelievable husbands and support  for Bec you got this girl and thank you for sharing your journey for others that may be going through this our strength and support are with you all love you keep smiling
Bec, I cried with you and felt your pain.  But, honestly you are rocking the bald look.  You are beautiful ❤️
Bec, you're so beautiful and strong. Emmon... I commend you brother. Youre an awesome man and so lucky to have such a strong woman. Prayers and hugs to you two.
love you so much Bec!❤❤❤So many prayers for you.
What makes you beautiful Bec is your loving heart, your kindness, compassion and courage!  I pray that through this you will discover just how much more there is to the wonderfulness of you!  Stay strong!!  All of us are loving and praying for you!!
Bec u are beautiful. Your LIGHT shines brightly. You have got this🥰 Love heals all and Eamon radiates his for you. You are Love, Loved and Beloved🙏💖🌈HO🙏
We are all there holding your hand!
Thanks again for just being you! 💜
There are few people I would HONESTLY Tell them they look beautiful with a shaved head but you are by far the most. Almost making me want to shave mine!!! Honestly, your smile is the brightest part about you and now we can see even more of it. I am so grateful you both have each other, truly a love story like no other. Love you both. Thanks for creating this community of beautiful lovely people <3
i chose to take what i was given by god, no treatment , didnt tell anyone, no kids no wife,   never wanted to be here anyways. first person to comment  deal with your own issues ,
Every stand of hair is a new beginning. ❤
Not everyone call pull off a shaved head but you look absolutely stunning! Sending you both so much love 💕
B c you really are gorgeous, hair, no hair, hair, no hat..... you just are!
You guys rock.  I knew I would share tears with your story ….but also be encouraged by your strength and bec … your beauty inside and out ….the way you film is like watching a movie …..and eamon your should produce amd direct for sure 😉…. From a fellow Canadian in BC .. all the love to the moon and back….jules 🇨🇦👍🏻🙏🏻😉♥️♥️♥️♥️
Please know we are all sending you love and health.
Im one of those subscribers who watch all your videos but don't comment, Kinda just vibing on the side lines but today I wanted to mention that I've been thinking about you guys literally everyday !! Love you and you both and very strong human beings ❤️❤️❤️
Tears are falling down my face right now watching that scene of you coming to terms with and shaving your head. Your strength to overcome in the face of darkness is truly inspiring. Watching Eamon support and love you and build you up is the kind of partner that one could only dream of during a time like you're going through. Sending you all of my love and prayers. Thank you for sharing your journey.
I am crying with you Bec. I can’t even imagine. I wish I could carry some of this weight for you. Sending all my love. Eamon, thank you for being so great to her
Love you two...I could say so, so much but I will just leave that here *big hugs*
You DO look beautiful bald! I started watching you guys during my recovery after my double mastectomy and chemo!   Was looking for positive people and I found you two:)   I found that my head was sensitive too and my husband shaved it with an electrical face razor all the way and it was less sensitive.   Feeling so much of this with you! So proud of you for getting outside each day . Proud of you for sharing and being real and raw.   You are right in saying that some days are overwhelming and you wonder how you will make it through so many rounds! I truly feel like I managed better and better each time. I also fasted 72 hours before chemo and it helped to much with AC nausea. Sending you love and peace and healing. 💕 Also, keep leaning on your loved ones. It’s beautiful.
You Guys are so Awesome ,strong and amazing !!! Bec you look beautiful no mater what !!! Everything will be OK soon !!!! 👍
Sending you so much love Bec ! Your so strong ❤️ love you both ! Been a fan of you both for such a long time and seeing you shine and go through everything together with the love and support of each other is incredible 🥺❤️ YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL !!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Your beautiful with hair and without hair, you are strong, resilient, and what a beautiful man you have standing by your side, thank you for being there for your beautiful lady. Thank you for caring for a woman who's going through a challenging time in her life. I'm  praying for the both of you, love you both.
Much love to you baby girl
Bec, You are a beautiful and strong Women. Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us. Please stay strong! Sending hugs and kisses your way♥️
I am one of those new viewers, piggy backed from La Vagabonde a few months ago, big fan of K&N too.  I love you guys, Bec, you can do this!! It's a battle you WILL win! You are very brave for putting this video out and I have no doubt it will help many people out there struggling with Cancer. I can't wait till' the next video!  On a side note, Eamon does look better with all the wigs.. hahaha.
You are strong  and I know it is not easy.
YOU are beautiful Bec!!!!
Such a drama Queen
W you have chemotherapy?
You are so strong.
The shape of her had is perfect. She looks so so good bald! Good health to all of you, and positive thoughts!
Stay strong guys ..you both are beautiful
SERIOUSLY and i mean SERIOUSLY you look soooo beautiful.You are still loving, fun, caring, sweet, beautiful Bec..and nothing can ever take that away from you. Look at all the people who have never even met you, and we are all thinking of you with love and sending you our love and good vibes. That’s what an amazing soul you are and how you have touched us all. We are all on this journey with you Bec. Much love to you both!
Love you Bec!! Oh, you too Eamon!
this whole experience you are going through makes me glad yall have the cabin to call home, even more.
We love you Bec you are going to get through this. Thank you for sharing this journey
LOVE the cut
You are so Beautiful and brave and oh my gosh you made me cry
You guys are such an inspiration..in every aspect of life. ❤️
There are no words I have to express the amazement of Beck’s strength to show all this. Like I CANNOT wrap my mind around it and for sure know I’m not even kind of close to strong enough to show what she is if I were in her shoes. The beautiful way she continues to be an inspiration throughout all of this but yet showing those low, hard times truly blows me away. Wishing you both all of the best and truly thank you for sharing this!! PS. The “bald everywhere” had me cracking up ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you Eamon and Bec ✌💛
You are amazing! You are both such beautiful souls!
Love you guys so much!💜
Bec looks like that badass woman from Mad Max !
How do you look soo good bald???? ❤️💕 girl you look amazing 🤩
am i the only one who cries every time bec cries. thank you so much for sharing your journey and being so raw and open and just yourself. you are truly inspiring! YOU GOT THIS <3
Oh man, you look STUNNING with the bald … WOW!!!!!!!
STUNNER!!! 😍 Rock it girl, if anyone can it's you!!
Your positivity as a person (Bec) and as a couple is so beautiful. I loved watching Eamon supporting Bec as she broke down shaving her head. He seems like the best partner to be going through such a trying time with and you can see how much he adores you Bec. I started following you guys a few months ago through Kara and Nate and it sucks they were unable to visit - hopefully they can soon. Praying for you both and sending healing energy. Hugs and positivity.
You’re prefect! And so brave
Praying for you two. ♥️ You guys capture the complexity/highs & lows of going through this journey so beautifully. Bec, you ROCK long, short and buzzed hair…such a stunner! & Eamon you’re such a supportive partner, bless you!
You absolutely look GREAT bald. We see your beautiful face!
Well dude you could go bald as well that would help her feel much better cuz she sees you with a full head of hair and it makes you sad because she can't have it right now so you did same thing with her it might help her more ok ok
Hair or no hair, you are beautiful Bec!
Eamon and Bec such beautiful couple. Love your vibes and the love you have for each other. Sending healing prayers , thoughts and hugs. 🌈💕🙏💐
Guys, I've been following you for a while. I have to admit, I saw what was happening with Bec and I didn't watch your vids for a while. My friend went through the same thing recently and I found it hard to follow her social media too. She decided to share her journey in a similar way to Bec. It's hard because I love my friend but it hurt to see her struggle. I then felt so guilty for not engaging with it. And then guilty for making it all about how 'I' feel in my own head. Anyway, my friend is doing great and is well past the worst of it. She also has a really cool and supportive boyfriend and a sunny disposition. In fact, I recommended your channel to them over a year ago because you guys remind me so much of them. Anyway, I watched this vid, and  you guys continue to bring sunshine into my world. I love your positive energy and passion for life. All the absolute best to both of you. <3
You look great bald. I love it!
You guys have such a beautiful love, especially going through this unfortunate journey. Eamon is such a beautiful support for Bec every step of the way. You guys are truly blessed to have each other! Bec really looks beautiful! ♥️
You guys are an INCREDIBLE team. All the love and energy sent your way. Sending so much love and Bec literally you look amazing!! 🤎
Hey guys, I already loved you so much, before bec's cancer, with or without hair, you are really inspiring. I'm so glad that you decided sharing this journey with us. Of course Bec : you're beautiful, I was crying with you on the "valentine day" but as Eamon said, you're stunning. So glad you see it after a few days!  Anyway, stay strong Bec, you are going to get better <3 It's a great life lesson you're teaching here, thank you.
You’re beautiful beck. And a wig name for ya: Stella
Thank you for sharing!! 💓🍻
I think it's time we start to speaking out about the guidelines that our countries allow in our food, drinks, body products. In America companies are allowed to use aluminum, arsenic, cancer agents, lead, and other metals. Just recently baby companies were tested and they found these substances to be 3x over the limit. The fact that it's allowed period is upsetting. Vegans are now being exposed to these dangerous substances as big corps over the last few years have jumped on the vegan train. I hate to bring it up on such a video but the truth is we are getting sick from what we are putting in our bodies. We need awareness and we need change. Bec I'm praying for your mental and physical health. No one deserves this.
You are stunning, strong and a soldier!
You deserve all the good stuff, you guys. Bec... ya, totally hot Bec... Thank you so much for taking me along with your journey. You inspire me to be a better person; that's one reason why people love you so much.
Bec you are so beautiful and you rock the.bald look and you look really cute. Eamon. I admire your love and commitment to  Bec. You guys are rock stars. ❤
He really isn’t just saying that Bec! You look absolutely beautiful! Your strength is amazing, I couldn’t help but break down with you durning this video, but you bounced back! You are super woman!!
You totally rock the bald head for sure and really happy for you that you have such a supportive partner in Eamon. He is taking such good care of you and gets the husband/boyfriend of the year award. I know you will get through this with flying colors. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Love you both!
You got this Bec!
Your amazing no matter hair or not! Keep the faith and you’ve absolutely got this! Sending prayers and hug’s!!
Bec, you’re so beautiful 💞✨ inside & out, you got this
You’re so beautiful inside and out no matter what, Bec 💕 I’m praying for your full recovery and my special thoughts are with you. Eamon, you’re an amazing and a wonderful partner. These are both your test of times. You’ll both endure and definitely rise above this. Stay strong. Much love and prayers always. Hugs! 🙏🏼💖✨
You got this ! Stay strong girl 😘
Beautiful young woman, beautiful couple! Here's to the rest of your long lives together!
Your beautiful Bec. Your a beautiful soul. Prayers
Amen go forward cut your hair off to support your woman you guys are so hip I love it and so positive be brave continue
So much love for you, Bec.
Radiation i  Would not wish on any one stop using your cancer to get views i been threw this its not fun you should be ashamed i won't watch you disrespect cancer victims shame on you
Athena, a strong name for a wig for a strong woman
Welcome to the bald club!!💜💜💜 you look so good! Your head is the perfect shape! I shaved my head in September last year because my illness made it too difficult to care for and it got matted. It was the best thing I could have ever done for myself! I just get out of bed and am ready to go. I’ve actually gotten compliments from random strangers which totally shocked me. At first I was worried it would make me stand out even more because I’m already 24 with a walker but honestly people are so wrapped up in their own lives that they don’t care
You look absolutely beautiful #baldisbeautiful ❤️❤️
You are my hero - I’m so sad for ur difficulties but you have been beautiful thru all the changes, inside & out…
So beautiful! Thank you for sharing. Bec you look gorgeous always and Eamon, you are seriously awesome and kind. 🌸 sending love!
I LOVE the red baseball hat wig! You rocked it Bec, and Eamon, I’m sure she’ll let you borrow it!
Bec, you’re so freaking cute with short hair or no hair. Don’t lose your contagious smile. Eamon, I am glad Bec has you by her side. You are both awesome!
So grateful you are sharing your journey with us….you are both so inspirational & vulnerable 💜
Bec and eamon I have been watching you guys for four years ! ❤️ and you two do not get enough credits of how amazing both of you guys are as individuals ! I love you guys and I wish only but blessings to go your way🥺❤️
You are beautiful, everything is going to be fine, you have an amazing human being by your side, a family that loves you, and a wonderful future.🙏🏻😘🥰
Your head is beautiful!!! Perfect Shape❤️ I've got moles on my head too!!
You both are brave and beautiful! Praying for you and a quick healing.
Please use a satin pillowcase. Black girls wear satin caps. I know it will feel so good on your head. Love you. Y'all got this.
You are gorgeous Bec! 🤍
Bec, you are beautiful because you love and care so deeply. Lea is always with you. We are with you. You and Eamon are wonderful together. I appreciate that you share so much with us. May all the positive energy guide you through. Hugs.
Your beauty is within inside of you. Embrace it. Know it. You are wonderful! You have a beautiful partner who loves you.
We love you ❤️ I knew Bec would be hot bald. I mean the girl is gorgeous!
when you started crying i started crying
You are so brave Bec. You always look fabulous! Eamon is just wonderful! Such a loving and caring husband. I’m praying you will have a quick recovery ❤️🙏🏼
When I saw This I thought “I’m getting a bob in the morning.” Then I saw Kara And Nate’s clog I said “Great way to lead the way. “ Mine will be a mini bob. Will post photo tomorrow. #Bob4Bec
All the looks were/are good looks.  Y'all are amazing.  Much love.
You guys are amazing.
This blog is so brave and honest.  The connection you have with each other is inspiring. I am touched and inspired by the two of you.
Love wins ❣️
When I was 24 I developed alopecia due to untreated underlying health conditions. At it's worst I had three bald patches, the biggest was 2 inches wide and four inches long on the top of my head. Another was on the side of my head. I ended up having a comb over for two years until it started to grow back in. When you say that your hair is a part of your identity and who you are I understand. It brings me right back to tears in front of the mirror and knowing that if people saw they would know I was sick. I just wanted to say:  It's okay to feel that way. It's not silly or shallow. But you're still a beautiful wonderful person and it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. You're loved so much and one day your hair will grow back and this will all be in the past. **big hugs**
GORGEOUS!!!!!! Sending lots of love your way! 💙🌞
You are so beautiful inside and out Bec. Lots of loves sent your way 💕
Love to you both! Bec, you are a true beauty, inside and out, hair or no hair. Thank you for sharing your story.
I have breast cancer losing your hair is no big deal as long as you still living you being over dramatic for views shame on you
You are a warrior! Claim it. You are well! This is temporary.
Eamon is right, you are beautiful 💕🇨🇦.
Bec you look amazing! You're glowing and smile is bigger and brighter than ever <3
I saw the thumbnail of the video and thought that’s Bec
So sorry you are dealing with this.   Remember it will grow back and this experience is short term
Eamon and Bec you are both such beautiful people inside and out as many have already said. Women grow up with so much emphasis on their looks. While everyone can be beautiful, as far as generally celebrated aesthetics is concerned Bec, you are blessed. You are literally classically beautiful with or without hair. While this is not the experience you would wish on anyone, I can see you both growing. This whole experience is expanding your beautiful characters. It is bringing out more and more beauty and depth of character in both of you. There are so many positive things I can see coming out of this whole challenging situation. And on another note, if you haven’t come across this yet do some research into medicinal mushrooms, turkey tail and possibly others. Very supportive for cancer and even helpful for Chemo I believe. If you haven’t watched “Fantastic Fungi”. It’s a documentary that’s well worth watching. Love and hugs to you both. You’re both Warriors!! 🤗💖🌻🌻
Been through this (breast cancer) recently and my hair is just now growing back, thank you so much for being honest about all of the things you are going thru, and agree, there is something very empowering about letting go of the hair, and knowing that the chemo is going to do the work, and you just need to be, to let the professionals do the work, and take care of yourself.  Beautiful that you have family around you and an awesome partner in life!!! And he is lucky to have you that is certain!!! (and yes it does make taking a shower a lot quicker, so for me, I may keep it short, it makes life and getting ready easier!)  Agree on the cold cap, did not do it as it was more than enough to deal with chemo  I DID do Ice Packs (available on Amazon as socks and glove situation for ease of use, just took them in a cooler to chemo with me) for hands and feet to try to prevent neuropathy, my doc (in the US) was supportive of this and would advise anyone to discuss with their doc to see if it applied to their situation regarding hand and feet ice packs. You are truly an inspiration Bec !!!
You are always beautiful Bec and you're such a strong woman. And for Eamon you're such a great husband, im glad you two are with each other. SENDING LOTS OF LOVE AND PRAYERS TO YOUR FAMILY <3
Bald looks AMAZING on you Bec! Eamon thank for continuing to love on Bec the way you do. ❤
I honestly think bec looks like such a bad ass with her head shaved
Bec your gorgeous in side and out and Eamon is the best!!! Much LOVE and prayers!!!!!
I’m sending so much love to you both! Thank you for sharing y’all journey. ♥️
While you were crying as Eamon was shaving your head I cried with you. You are so strong and this bump in the road will only make you stronger. You’re loved. 💛
Oh Bec, my heart hurts for you. But you, you are a brave, beautiful, strong, and amazing woman. Sending you all the most amazing love and strength. Eamon's turn to shave his hair with you.
Bec, I know it's a rough road you are on but God will see you thru.  I LOVE the bald head, you look amazing!!!!  I hate, hate washing my hair, fixing it and contemplate shaving it off all the time, sadly my head shape isn't that great....hehe.  Prayers for you for strength thru this journey.
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.  You've shared your ups and downs.   Sending you 💓 ❤️  and strength for this battle ahead.
Your in my prayers bec, your such a strong and beautiful women, don't let your crown slip, your beautiful no matter what, it is your amazing personality that shines, I love you because ♥ .
Despite what you’re going through, you still take the time to create such inspiring and calming content. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. And you look so beautiful and fierce!
You are beautiful inside and out. You are a strong, amazing, wonderful person Bec. I cried with you. I also think you look gorgeous bald.
Omg wtf that wig is good, you can’t even tell it’s a wig! I loved it but you also look so good with no hair, you have a beautiful face and nobody can take that away
I so love watching your channel, I started watching you from Kara and Nate. I love that you share your true life even though I know it’s hard. Just know we love you guys so much and pray for you recovery. Stay strong and positive thoughts from Ohio !!! ❤️
Hi beck  u are a beautiful person no matter wat you loose ur hair we are praying  for u and to keep strong and we are here for u love u lot
Bec ❤️
Wishing you good health Bec
If you want to check out some really fun head scarves, there's a company called Tie Ur Knot who make headscarves for those dealing with hair loss and also for Jewish women who cover their hair for religious reasons. They have some beautiful pieces! There are also so many wig options, especially lace top wigs, that are so natural. Sending so much love <3
Eamon, you are inspiring because you care so much! Keep it up. Love to both of you!
You are so beautiful Bec - both inside and out! And you are so strong and such an inspiration. Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us and for being you all the way. And Eamon - you are such a wonderful partner and you can see the true love you both share for each other. ❤️
Hi Eamon and Bec! I have to admit I cried watching the last couple of videos.  I have had friends and family go through cancer so I understand the sadness that it brings. I am praying for you guys and hope that you see the light at the end of the tunnel very soon.  Keep up the positive attitudes that you guys even on the days that you feel like just sleeping all day. I actually like your new hair do!  It is amazing. Thinking of you!
Your openness and willingness to share such a personal part of your life is admirable. I can only imagine the amount of people your story is touching and helping. You both are showing so much strength and courage. Praying for you both to stay strong and heal. Love your channel!
Thank you for continuing to share your lives with us, even when it is hard. You look strong and beautiful and your teamwork is really inspiring!!
This is possibly the hardest thing you’ll go through, and I really hope it is because after this you deserve nothing but paradise and rainbows in my opinion, but the way you are handling this with the public and being so vulnerable with your fans and friends is so beautiful. You are strong, beautiful, empowering and brave. I know you don’t have a choice in the matter and if you did of course you wouldn’t choose cancer but you handle it with such grace that I’m amazed. You’re always in my thoughts.
<3
So brave of you to share this journey. Definitely emotional as it is similar to the emotions my mum experienced losing her hair during chemo. But grateful you shared all the same. Needless to say you are beautiful with or without hair but I also understand the pain in the process ♥️♥️♥️
Bec . You are a beautiful human being that's so genuine. Eamon, you are a god send. Harriet and I  (Jim) are so honored to be a subscriber and Patreon of you channel. Harriet and I  knew, we were watching something special  between you two.💖💖  Our Thoughts and Prayers go out to you everyday 🙌🙌  OM!   . Namaste!
❤️❤️❤️✌️🤪
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Just keep being brave.  Thank you for sharing your journey.
Please remember how beautiful you are. You are strong. You are a warrior.
It's just f*cking hair. There's plenty of awesome bald women out there. My #1 favourite was alyways Sinead O'connor.
This is so raw. It hurts my heart so much watching knowing you’re going through this. Plus all the other people who also have and are journeying through this. 💔
Sending you lots of love, Bec!
You look beautiful Bec !
You are blessed! xoxo
Lee is with you always supporting you along this journey ❤️❤️❤️
!
Blessings and love to you both! I have to admit I cried with you Bec as you went through your journey to bald and I have to say you handled it with such beauty and grace..  Thank you for continuing to share your story and yes you are beautiful bald💕💕💕
Totally rocking the Ronaldo look when you had just your bangs. You’re a badass Beck. Your strength is an inspiration and outlook on life makes me look at my life in a more positive light. Thank you both for sharing so much of your intimate life on here. Eamon you’re so dope btw, my standards go up when I see how you treat her. Praying for you both <3
I cried all throughout this video. I m so very proud of you and your man for taking so well. You give me strength in just day to day stress. I love you guys. God bless your always.
You can rock all hairstyles 🥰🥰
I love you baby becs
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
BEC YOU LOOK AMAZING I LOVE YOUUUU❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I ended up pulling all my hair out, as it was all falling out anyway. I found it was cathartic for me. Everybody is very different. My friend who had breast cancer lost no hair. I, on the other hand, lost mine in chunks. Deciding to cut, pull and finally shave my head helped me to feel in control of something when everything felt out of control. With my own journey with cancer, I took one goal at a time. If I can just get through this…then I planned something fun. Sometimes it was just really good food at my favorite restaurant or a drive to a place I’d never been before around my local area. New plant for every chemo round sounds awesome too.  Side note, if you have massive issues with nausea, Xanax worked for me. Completely stopped the nauseous feeling. Keep up the good work. Your doing GREAT!
Still look great and beautiful
For you bec I have cut 6 inches from my hair!… be strong cuz we are all here for you!
Beautiful!
I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone so beautiful bald! Honestly! 🥰
My son has a birthmark like yours. We called it his “bear  bite “.  He loves it.
I went through this exact same thing in 2008 at age of 34. You are so fortunate to have a thoughtful and supportive partner. I was not as lucky. You are beautiful with or without hair. Embrace this challenge , be ok with being upset or angry, never feel guilty for that. You are allowed to be human. Wishing you nothing but the best in your journey.
you got this guys, sending much love and strength. remember, one day at a time  <3
Call her Hope. You two warm my heart, sending hugs and squishes.
Sending you both love,  great big warm encompassing love. 💞
I cried with you!! But I also can’t decide which cut I like the best. I can’t wait to see all the wigs you get. I hope you try all the new styles. This is the time to go crazy with your hair!!
Dang your beautiful!! 😍
Much love Bec ❤️
BEC!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! Your confidence is inspiring! Love you both ❤️
You look stunning! I don’t know you. So you know I don’t have to say that like you felt Eamon did. This is Halle Barry level pull it off!
Brave brave girl!
Maybe you're too young to remember when Demi Moore shaved her head for GI Jane...Bec reminds me of that.  Going bald can be a powerful thing. Everyone knows that anyone on chemo might be weakened physically,  but they do have mental super powers.  Give'r.
I’m am preying for you bec❤️❤️
Light and love to the power of a trillion...ty
<3
You legit look so bad ass bald.
Bec, Sweet Thing, you feel what you feel with full force. Eamon, I am where you are. I love the way you love. It’s what will get you both through this. Strength, love, and hope from Texas.
I’ve never seen a more beautiful woman with a shaved head… even MORE iconic than when Demi Moore did it.
You look A.M.A.Z.I.N.G! I am SO PROUD of you! I had cancer and never lost my hair, you….you are so STRONG! Hugs, love, and positive vibes to both of you! I have been here years! Way before the cabin, and with Lee, just regular travel, thank you for sharing! ❤️
I love you bec so much. These videos hit too close home for me so I’m not able to watch them. But you’re recovery is always on my mind.
You look beautiful. I don't have to say anything. Your inner beauty shines through even more.  The universe will only give what you can handle. Sending healing love
You Dont Need Hair For LOVE 🧡🧡🧡
bec you look amazing!!!
You have the most beautiful bone structure and look absolutely adorable. Love to you both ❤️
You both are so beautiful inside and out!  Sending you love and hugs!
Diosa! You look like America’s Next Top Model 😍😍😍
You are absolutely gorgeous, Bec!❤️
You are so strong, sweet, and caring you can do it
Oh Bec if anyone can pull off a bald look its you lovely! You inspire me with how open and raw you are. Thank you xx
You are so beautiful! You and Eamon are inspiring. You will get through this!
Your face is perfect for no hair! You look amazing😍
Love you all so much ♥️♥️♥️
You emanate love and kindness and your vulnerability is making the world a better place.  Thank you for sharing you journey. My thoughts and prayers are with you 💛
Wow! I’m almost taken for words. Bec and Eamon you guys are amazing people and to be able to walk this path with both of you is so beautiful and raw. Thank you for being so positive and also showing us that it’s okay to have those bad days as well. Bec, no matter what you look like you will still brighten up any room you walk into and call me a moth because I’m glued! Lol Eamon, the amount of love and support you give to Bec is absolutely incredible.. this must be just as hard for you and yet you still remain so positive and loving. The internet doesn’t deserve you guys!!
“It’ll always grow back” 🥺
Had Chemo and went bald.  Now going bald again due to age.  You are who you are.  You'll be fine because of your inner strength. Don't let the superficial things trip you up or bring you down.
You have my pray’s
Bec,  You’re so beautiful!! Honestly your positive mindset throughout this journey is such a beautiful blessing to witness. Your moments of joy in the chaos of life is so freaking amazing. You’re strong, you’re beautiful, you’re courageous. You’re going to help others through their own journeys just by sharing yours.  Eamon,  You’re strong, too!! Your faithfulness to Bec is so special to watch. You’re such a blessing to her, especially right now. Keep doing what you’re doing and keep your head up!! You’ve both got this!! 🤍🤍
You are beautiful inside and out Bec!  Sending you healing love and energy.   🤗 You are both so amazing!
Thank you for sharing this. I think one of the hardest parts of going through cancer treatment is learning to accept and love our new bodies. It's so wonderful you can see all the silver linings throughout your journey. Stay strong 💜💜
Hang in there guys, You WILL come out of this stronger then ever!!!!
Sei sempre bellissima  tranquilla i capelli ricrescono sii forte e coraggiosa , questo  periodo sarà solo un brutto ricordo 💖💖💖💖👍👍👍👍👍
It takes a strong beautiful woman to look good bald and you my dear look amazing!!
I never comment but had to say genuinely you look gorgeous bald! Your face shape really suits it :)
Sweetheart! You are gorgeous! Marvelous. Wonderful. Inspiring. Adventurer! I love you. Have walked this path. Thank you for your bravery in your honesty.
Stay strong! You’re beautiful!
Stop using deodorant with aluminum in it
I so understand the emotion with the hair - but dang, girl - it really shows off just how beautiful your face IS. It is actually FLATTERING! I admit I was surprised!! Many hugs on this journey -- we're all praying and pulling for you. Sending love and healing light -
When you said the doctor was a breast cancer survivor I just completely burst into tears, what a divine providence to have that exact doctor be the one that helped you to feel more beautiful as you go through your treatment!! Sending so much love and prayers and you look absolutely stunning my dear!!
Sending our love to you both. You are brave and incredibly inspiring. I’m so glad you have so much love and support around you. ❤️
Bec you are so awesome hair no hair it does not matter. Sending you much love and healing energy.
Thank y'all for sharing. We are behind you. We stand with you in this journey. We send all the healing energy. :-)
Hi Bec , Eamon, you are in my thoughts and prayers. Bec its your spirit, energy , smile and sparkling personality that makes you beautiful, it shines thru no matter what. Shaved head think G I Jane and the strength and determination she and you  represent. You are getting thru this one day and one challenge at a time.
Name the wig emmi or bro so The babies from the fertility treatment will have a friend
You !are beautiful! You are well. You are going through a very temporary situation. You are loved! Know how much you are loved. Believe in yourself and how beautiful you are.
Name her CANDY 🍭!
Two words... just beautiful.
Great to see you again l have been so worried about you not seeing you now l can stop worrying.. Relieved and Bec you look cute without hair..l love short hair and l am white was a transition as l age..please love you guys..
Get well soon. Stay safe and be lucky.
I live in Ont not to far from you I am going tho the same thing kinda beck your so Beautiful I just started watching your channel for some time now you have given me the strength over the past 2 years I have had two back sugers lost a toe and just found out the same thing my aunt went tho it and happy to say almost 5 years cancer free I love u stay strong baby girl
Looking very French ,cute
I never loved 2 strangers more.  You both are beautiful.  God bless you.
Bec you're beautiful inside and out side 💓
You are truly such a remarkable beautiful woman Bec. Been watching for the last year but seldom comment. Just wanted to send you much love and healing light to you and Eamon.💕💕💕
Eamon you are the best person EVER!!!! I was with my best friend as she went through her journey.  Bec your days will get better and the support you have will continue to help you alone. I hope and pray your journey is done with no complications. You and your family are in my prayers.  Love you both. 💗💗💗💗  #kickcancersass
May god bless you bec  Don’t worry after the typhoon is passed you will see the beautiful light after this curing journey Sending you lots of positive energies from welland Niagafalls Ontario Canada 🇨🇦  May you feel healthy asap  Our prayers are with you , we fold our hands in this times  Much peace and blessings  Dillonz 🙏🙏🌈🌈🌹🇨🇦🙌🙌🙌🙌🧘‍♀️🧘‍♀️🧘‍♀️👏👏
I cried with you then I smiled with you.
Oh Bec you are absolutely beautiful and amazing.  Thank you for sharing your journey.  I have been cancer free for 6 months and you will also get there.  xo
Your honesty and vulnerability are what make you beautiful.  Watching you go through this will help so many people who find themselves on this journey.  I hope you can feel all of us, sending loving thoughts your way
This video was super emotional to watch, but so beautiful. Seeing your confidence and smile shine through everything you guys are going through is truly amazing. I’m so glad I found your videos almost 2 years ago and I’ve loved watched you guys every step along the way. ❤️
Sending love and prayers to both for everyday and Bec you are beautiful!!!
Bec you are amazingly beautiful bald!  Eamon you are so supportive.  The love that the two of you have for each other brings smiles to my face.  Congratulations on 1 million subscribers!
You're beautiful, amazing, and inspirational! I cried, laughed, and smiled! Eamon..Thank you for being you as well!!
Y'all got this. I'm so proud of you. ❤️❤️
i love you, Bec. i love you, Eamon. ❤️➕❤️
YOU ARE SO STRONG
I cried with you sweet Bec! You look amazing with no hair! Eamon, you are so amazing. I love y’all so much.
Ustedes son pura luz. Todo va a estar bien!
I was ok with losing my hair (thank goodness for wigs) but there is nothing like having your young children screaming and running out of the room because they're scared of bald mummy.
U R Nost Beautiful N-side as Well as Your Outside Bec!! 🕊💕💖
You're beautiful ! I shave my hair every year once because I wear Hijab. I am American Muslim.. doesn't matter how you look like. You're beautiful inside .. love and greetings from Minnesota.
I love you guy's!!!!!!! I've been watching for years. You're always in my thoughts. I get scared when you miss a vid. But I understand!! Bye!
I sooo admire your bravery through this journey.  You are an inspiration to so many women.  Keep loving each other because love is the greatest gift of all.
Emon and Bec, just wanted to say you are both so beautiful & sending my love! Thank you for you being you! I appreciate you truly❤️
Bec you are so inspirational, strong and beautiful.  Blessings
Your mole is a skin tag. I had one and it can easily be removed. I had one removed like that. You  look so darn adorable with your buzz cut. Don't sweat the small stuff. You got this! I'm a breast cancer survivor.
Bec, you are such an inspiration!! I cannot even imagine what you are going through and your strength is so inspiring. Thank you for sharing your story. ♥️✨
When mine all fell out I chose to believe that was a good sign,  that the chemo was reaching everywhere, even to the top of my head, roots of my hair.  😀
Bec you look amazing!!!!
You DO look cute with your bob and you rock the shaved head. You are beautiful in all ways.
Eamon.  Thank you for being so amazing to Bec.   Hang in there both of you.
You are beautiful Bec!!! Thank you for sharing your journey so genuinely.
🥰😇🥰😇❤💯❤🤍🤍🤍
I cried through this whole video, not because I am sad for you, but because of how beautiful you truly are.  You don't have to share this with anyone but your family and close friends, but you are doing this and I can't imagine the people you are helping.  What a true gift you are.  Also, you seriously do ROCK the bald look!! Also, your relationship with your buddy is so sweet, I love it and I love your channel.  Thanks guys.
You guys are amazing ❤️❤️
Love you guys so much and Bec you are are such a strong soul and emon you are doing amazing with everything that is  going on!! So much love #bald&beautiful
Bec you are more than beautiful, you are powerful!!!!!!!!!! Keep fighting, we are behind you!!!!
We are crying and selebrating with you..  Your both so strong.. stay strong..
Bless your heart Bec💜 you’re such a beautiful, brave, and strong soul!
Because you are a warriors! You have no idea how important and powerful what you are doing by documenting your journey.  You will help thousands of people. A big shout out to Eamon. You are an amazing support to Bec and I love you for that.
You look amazing Bec! Keeping you guys in my thoughts
I’m so proud of you Bec. I am a nurse and went through breast cancer 2 years ago. I opted for a nipple sparing mastectomy and it turned out beautiful, way better then I expected. Though I didn’t lose my hair, the loss of my breast sort of, was very hard for me too. Your so lucky to have such a awesome husband and support group. You are strong and I was very impressed with how beautiful you looked bald! Your head is gorgeous and remember, it will grow back as soon as your done with chemo. That is a good thing for sure. 😊 Saying prayers for you but I am positive you’ll beat this cancer, kick it’s ass to the curb!
You are very very beautiful!!! ❤❤❤🙇‍♀️
This is so unfair and we send our love to you guys and everyone out there fighting this fight.  Bec - you are stunning.   Eamon - we love you.
So beautiful inside and out. A love of a lifetime and an admirable strength. ❤️
I too always had long hair till cancer - I know exactly what you’re going through God bless you beautiful this too shall pass and Eamon you are a great buddy to have !  Love you both
You are beautiful.  Badass and beautiful.  Eamon's right - you are rad.
Eamon should shave his hair for BEC, my daughter shaved her head.  When her friend who has lupus. Started losing all her hair. And  shaved it
Ohhh Bec ♥️♥️ you are absolutely beautiful 😍 when you flipped that wig on I burst into tears ♥️♥️♥️ it looks amazing and you would not know!! I am so proud of you and you are doing so well 🥰🥰🥰
You are beautiful!  Thanks for sharing your journey with us.
Bec, you look AMAZING bald!
Bec you are stunning! Thank you for sharing this journey with us. I want to send a special blessing to Eamon. I was a caregiver for my husband through his battle with cancer. It was an honor for me to do it but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t one of the hardest things I’ve ever done! Eamon you are showing such grace, kindness and love to Bec. I know it means the world to her. Make sure you’re also taking care of yourself. ❤️🙏
Thank you for building such a rad place to be on the internet !     Btw I’m not sure any YouTube video has ever made me cry for an entire 31:56
PS, wheee can we buy that planter???
Dudeee you look so cool bald like you'll prob assume I'm saying that to be "nice" but no srsly not many ppl can pull off the bald look but you look ABSOLUTELY AMAZING I wanna shave my head for fun now!!! Ur gorgeous!!!
You are so beautiful no matter what 😘😘
Thanks for sharing your journey. I really find peace when I watch you both interact. The love is VERY obvious in each and every video. The little laugh I got was your fur baby waiting at the door in his cone, like let me in mom & dad. <3 love from Utah
Hey No Hair. Why not. You have a beautiful face and soul. You just shine! Love you to the moon and back!
Love you Bec!!! Was just wondering how Tim is? Haven’t seen him in ages since you guys stopped building things.
And Bec you have the perfect head shape for bald!
Literally so beautiful wow.
❤ you guys! Sending love and light!
You guys are amazing! And bald is Boss Bec!!!💕
I have always contemplated getting Function of Beauty and finally did it because of you!  You are beautiful inside and out and I feel so encouraged watching you and the honesty of your journey!
❤🙏
How is it possible that you two are so darn cute even in a crisis? Bless you both.
It’s Sunday!  Yay you two are here. Congratulation on your U-tube award!  Sending cyber hugs, good vibrations and prayers!  You got this:)
You look like GI Jane and she’s bad ass. And you know it’s ok to cry, it just makes you stronger.
You are a beautiful woman and you are so brave. You look like Demi Moore in GI Jane, she’s a total badass, just like you. You are such a strong woman. Praying for you!!
You look amazing Bec…listen to your man 💓
You’re so beautiful. Sending you both virtual hugs
Eamon keep up the good work my man and Bec you are so beautiful long hair fits short hair fits you to no hair wow 🤩 magic 👌🏻 love you guys
I cried right along with you Bec through this whole episode. But dang girl, you are GORGEOUS bald!!!!!!! Sending so much love and positive vibes your way and praying for you both!!!!! So much love! 💕
Bec - you are gorgeous.  You are incredibly strong. Praying for you sunshine ❤️
Of course you are beautiful without hair, but you're feeling the grief and loss that goes with having cancer. My daughter lost her hair 4 x and it grew back overthe 11 years she battled with her breast cancer. She lost her eyebrows too, along with all other hair on various parts. The eyebrows were the hardest for her to deal with and she had them tattooed on. It did so much for her self esteem. Your courage, your wonderful support person, and your faith and strength will help you thru this struggle. It's a horrendous journey you are just beginning and I send you love and prayers
unbelievably beautiful
Bec, You are so beautiful with or without hair.  You have an in inner beauty that shines through.  Sending love and hugs  to you and and Eamon.❣️
you guys 💛💙💛💙
I have been crying and feeling every emotion with you. Bec, you are so naturally beautiful no matter what your hair looks like. Eamon, you are being an incredible support system. Keep staying strong ✨
As I was watching todays video I was imagining both of you guys shaving your heads... Best wishes to you Bec.... You'll come through this...
I love you 💕 you are so strong 💕and so beautiful 💕
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful! My Mom had chemo in the  ‘70’s. She lost her hair but when it came back, it came back thicker and curly; even more beautiful than before! It’s like God rewarded her! God bless you!
So brave❤️
Tokyo strong for the wig.
Thank you for sharing your journey & love❤️
Nobody Cares
You are a beautiful women… in and out … and Eamon is amazing too ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are absolutely stunning, with or without hair! You’re so raw and real. I love how you said at the end of your video that you’re feeling empowered. ❤️ Eamon, you are so incredibly supportive and truly a rock. You two are amazing. Thanks so much for sharing this journey, so brave!
Eamon if i were to have to ever go through anything like this i woulr want you by my side! You are so supportive, positive, and loving and i know it is making all the difference in the world for bec!!
💗💗💗
So much love to you both.
I love this channel and adore you both🥰 Girl you're absolutely beautiful!!
Aw you're such sweeties, keep kissing and cuddling, sending hugs from Lake District in England... remember when you were here! All the lovexxxx
I'm crying. You look amazing with or without hair. Hair is only there to have fun and now you can have fun with wigs and more.  Also I think you guys said that the pupper is a foster but I hope you keep him. Please be a foster fail. He just seems to be fitting in with you guys so well. Sending love from NB
Thank you for been real ! you look beautiful and you are strong!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
It's the little gifts for bec are so cute ! Really shows how much love and affection Eamon has
both of you are sooo awesome...love you both.  thanks for the videos.
Love you both! Eamon, you are a star! 🙇‍♀️❤
love you so much Beck! You are awesome
Love you guys so much. Bec, you are gorgeous. Your beauty is the kind that radiates from the inside out. Nothing can touch that kind of beauty.
Your sooo Beautiful! ❤️ thank you for sharing 🥰 fellow short hair queen here 😘😘😘😘 love you guys
Oh my gosh BEC YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!!! The strength you show even when you're dealing with so much is incredible. it must be so difficult sometimes to share this with a camera but thank you so much for sharing every second of it. Sending you all my love from a different spot in Ontario <3
I love how you look with no hair but omg the wing looks so natural!!! That’s crazy!
Bec you’re a badass bald babe!!! You’re walking sunshine ☀️
Please don’t shampoo your hair daily. God bless you to be healed and made whole. In Jesus’ mighty name…Amen 🙏🏾🎀🌷💖🙏🏾
You can so totally rock the bald head! I’m losing my hair again from the meds. I’ve come to the conclusion the I can always just put a beanie on it and keep going. I have a whole collection.
Bec you are one of those people who does look beautiful with a shaved head!!
You are a warrior Bec!!!!! You give us strength!!!
We all love you 2!
I've been watching your journey here on YouTube for quite a few years and I've fallen in love with you both. I just want to give you a big hug Bec! 🤗 you are so beautiful. I've been crying with you while watching you go through this. ❤ it's really sad that Kara and Nate couldn't come see you. :/ Stay strong you guys. Much love. (Btw, Eamon is the best partner ever.)
You get all the virtual hugs. I have a father dealing with cancer, so I feel the emotional ups and downs you guys are going through. Wish you all the best.
Very Hot!! Very Strong
Wow... sooo... beautiful 😍 right away I was like Senaid O'Conner (sp?) Your one of those people Bec that can Rock the micro short/bald "Do" also.. your beauty radiat es n  comes from with in (((♡&☆))) sent your way
You are so amazing Bec 😘❤️
You are so beautiful bec!!!💛
Thank you.  You are beautiful beyond words, both of you.
You both are pillars of light in this world. We are lucky to know you. BEC YOU ARE ONE HOTTIE BALD.!!!!!!
Being  bald is being a worrior, a survivor you are strong 💪🏾 👏🏾 🙌🏾 and I love all your videos of this journey as a proud sister to a breast cancer survivor. Thank You for sharing your story Bec!!!
You look beautiful as always!!!  Wear big earrings💕
I just chopped my hair off an yea Bec it feels amazing you are amazing and sooooo strong. Eamon it’s ok to not be strong it’s ok to not be ok but your personality is just phenomenal an funny an soooo supportive you guys make the best team!!
You are so very beautiful. No matter how much hair you have you rock all the styles! You're gorgeous. You're strong. We love you and we're here supporting you all the way!
That hair hurdle is a BIG BIG step to get past, so major CONGRATS!! You did it!!!!💪🏽🥰
Love you both !
Wow your an AMAZING person♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦😁😁😁
I love you both 💕
Sending much love and hugs your way! Bec you are beautiful in every and any way! Your strength is inspiring!  💚💛❤️ just so much loves for you two!
Hi bec, I don’t know if you’ll see this but I wanted to comment anyway. I want to start off by saying that you look beautiful, and that while hair is such a big part of our image, it is not all of us, it’s just an accessory that helps us reflect who we are inside 💜. Secondly I want to thank you for helping me. My mom was diagnosed with cervical cancer recently, and watching you has helped me digest her diagnosis better. It’s felt like We’re going through this together, and helped me stay positive and be the support my mom needs right now. I really can’t put into words how much you sharing your story has helped me, which sounds kind of selfish considering my mom is the one who has the diagnosis, but it’s true. You showed me that cancer doesn’t have to be this awful and scary thing. Thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart 💜 love you.
You look exactly like Millie Bobby Brown. So youthful.  Be Brave, You Are A Warrior.
Bec you are beautiful no matter what! And totally rocking the shaved head! Love you guys!! Literally cried watching this. The relationship you and guys have is amazing, my heart and prayers are with you both ❤️
You are just beautiful with no hair.   I continue to pray for you guys.. and wish you all the best.
“You don’t need hair for love” ♥️♥️♥️
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So super cute bald!
you look SO badass!!!! you are so so wonderful, wishing you all the best on this journey <3
You are just beautiful!!!!!!!I'm going through week 1 so thank you for your videos Bec (I'm Bec too) - GOD BLESS YOU & hugs!! xoxo
Hey Bec im currently going through radiation therpy for my prostate and colon cancer til my surgrey at the end of April. Just know that your not alone, thank you for being so open. You have helped me stay positive
The world is a beautiful place full of lots of awesome people but, some aren’t. You need to ignore the people who hate on you cause you re beautiful, since you have over 1m subs congrats you’re going to get hate. Just remember you are strong, trustworthy, kind, cool, Compassionate, and so much more I can’t even say. Never stop believing in yourself. You look great and it’s awesome you have an awesome husband who will always be there for you. Hope everything goes well and you are strong!!💪🙏🙏👍❤️❤️
This video had me in tears. The love and support that Eamon exudes is so inspirational. You’re strength Bec is palpable, one could only aspire to be as brave as you. Non-stop thinking about how incredible you both are. Thank you for showing the journey. ❤️
Bec... You are Beautiful, You are Strong, You are brave and you are an inspiration. Don't allow those insecurities to ruin your spirit, you are stronger than them.
Yep......you can rock any hairstyle! Hugs
I've been there twice. Many emotions. You two got this. Cancer is a community thing.
Oh Bec - you are such a beautiful person, and strong. God love you!  Eamon, you are such a supportive significant other, I love how you and Bec are so close.  Love you guys so much!
Send you love and prayers it really hurt my heart to see you in that pain cancer really hard
I love it you are a badass queen 👑
Bec, just wanted to say you have a really nice head shape! You really do still look gorgeous bald. Wishing you the best, hope you are feeling great. I hate that you have to go through this journey but feel lucky you are sharing it with us.
Bec, you are a stunning woman. While the experience is different, I fried my hair really badly a few years ago and it started falling out in chunks. I also never thought I was so attached or placed so much of my identity on my hair, but I did. The only solution for my hair falling out in clumps was to chop it all off. Hair isn't just hair, it has a lot to do with our idea of who we are and our feminity. I tried wigs and spent days crying as I lost my curls and couldn't afford or find a wig in my price range that would match my curly hair. I had a lot of issues not feeling like myself.  I was also so ashamed of myself for placing so much of my identity on my hair. It blew my mind that I had attached some much of my self worth to my hair.   This is not something easy, and your handling it with such grace even if it's hard. You really beautiful in and out. I've loved watching you and Eamon's adventures. From the van life to the cabin. While I don't have a van and I'm in a really really small Chevy spark I often take that out on adventures through the southwest now. And have taken that car off-road way to many times. It's seen more dirt than most of the folks I know who own jeeps lol. Your videos helped me be confident to travel alone, to go on adventures. You both are amazing people. And while this probably wasn't part of the plan or journey in either of y'all's minds. You both are going to get through this. Truly you both are wonderful folks.
You are absolutely beautiful!!!! And so so strong Wow watching you go through this journey knowing how much stronger you will be after blows my mind because I've never seen a woman have such beautiful radiance shined on her than you. Remember it's just a journey you will look back on with your kids. Sending all my cyber hugs & Love. ✌️ ❤️ 😊
When I was sick I saw my husband struggle so bad and try to put on a brave face for me… that was so hard for me to handle… the stress I was putting him under.      That was hard for me… I had to pretend things were better than they were.  He couldn’t fix it and take it away and he felt helpless. Take care of each other ALL LOVE ❤️ ❤️❤️ (I know you will and you both are already)
You are beautiful. You have such a kind and gentle nature and that shines so bright.
I wait for your news. You are awesome!
Bec, you really look awesome bald. Enjoy these moments with no hair. When people look at you do not assume that they see a person that is going thru chemo, because what they see is a beautiful young and loved woman. Go thru your treatment with a light spirit. Believe me. It will be over soon. I had a very aggressive cancer 5 years ago. One year in hospital. Chemos and transplant. Only memories now.  Keep your Good and Fresh spirit
I know you guys probably won’t see this but I’ve been praying for u and u look so beautiful and you guys have a beautiful relationship and I aspire for me and my boyfriend to be like you guys one day you truly are an inspiration
I have never commented on YouTube ever before Bec but I watch your videos every week. Thanks for sharing your process through this fucken horrible disease. I lost one of my best mates last week to bone cancer and got to share his treatment and all the shit that goes with it. You still look gorgeous but know the inner beauty is what we watch you guys for. Lots of love from Australia
I know what you're going through is one of the most trying times, but you are truly beautiful. Both inside and out. Just remember that your hair doesn't define who you are.
God I just want to reach threw the screen and give you a hug
Bec, you are beautiful no matter what the look. You completely rocked the bob! Absolutely gorgeous! Bald is beautiful on you too. And Eamon, you are the sweetest! Wishing you both good things, the best of things. Sending love from far away. 💌
Bec, you are so inspiring ! Also, beautiful no matter what!! You can literally pull anything off ! Although I’m not going through the same thing as you, I will continue to watch and support religiously ( my cat has lung cancer right now and it is refreshing watching these videos)  🤍 I know if I am struggling with this one day, I can come back and watch these videos and not feel alone in the world !! Also, Eamon is such a freaking sweetheart! His love for you really shines through in this vid…you both are so lucky to have each other & I love your love 🤍🤍🤍🤍 Stay strong, beautiful 💕💕
Congratulations on hitting 1M subs, quite an achievement! Bec you are beautiful, hair or no hair and Eamon your soul is as beautiful as Bec's. Love and hugs from Mississippi  🥰🥰
The way they love each other is so beautiful 💖
You two are AMAZING! Keep being you!
YOU are awesome ! ! ! 😃
My husband and I are 68 and 70.  We love you guys and cry with you.  We think  you are beautiful inside and out.  We think that you are so brave taking everyone along on your journey.  Eamon is doing great at being supportive.  Our prayers are with you guys.
You two are so dear.  So brave of you Bec, to share such vulnerable moments and watching the way both of you honor each stage of this process is inspiring.  You are taking such good care of yourselves and Eamon, what an incredible support you are to your sweetheart.  Sending you both so much love.
You are the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen
Wow Bec,, You are so beautiful. You shine in all rays, Pick a color a day of the rainbow and be radiant. LOTS of love.  Phil&lebo
Bec, you are an extraordinary woman, and you are so ROCKING THE BALD LOOK!!! 😍. Only a beautiful woman in and out can pull off the hairless look. You are not your hair! (There is a song by India Irie.I am not my hair...hope you look it up.) Feel empowered by knowing beauty is more than skin deep, it pours from the soul.
Your beautiful inside and out ♥️ bec, you are so genuine and so sweet. I am so proud of you for sharing your story
You look Stunning🇨🇦😁❤️
Every single video I find myself crying my eyes out. I’m so proud of you Bec, you rock every single style! It’s crazy to me how you look absolutely incredible with every hairstyle (even a Mohawk!). 🥰  Beautiful inside and out.
Girl you're putting us to shame looking that damn good!!! 🔥
Eamon, I love you too! The support you are giving Bec is beautiful! You are both strong and beautiful souls! ❤️
Bec, you look amazing no matter how you wear your hair, or no hair. A lot of people could not pull off the look,, but you look spectacular.  Do you know why? Beauty comes from within. That is why. Eamon, you are a fabulous man and supporter. Don't forget to work through your own feelings too. You are BOTH going through this experience,  and you are handling it with beauty and grace, however, don't expend so much time being strong for Bec that you ignore your own feelings.  If you have to go outside alone and cry, scream, meditate...do it. That is how you stay strong. I am a new subscriber,  but I have cried right along with Bec. You are an amazing couple.
Also beautiful makeup and earrings. That really shows up with no hair to distract from. Your beautiful  self. Kentucky grandma
Bec, that's G. I. Jane badass fearless rad! Shout out to Demi Moore 1997 movie. Go watch it!
Bec : omg I look kinda cute bold too ! Eamon : dude. Totally.  💖💖💖 Love you guys sending love and support
Bec Oh my gosh! You look so great!  Especially when you smile, your whole face lights up!  Oh Eamon you are such a great partner.  Hang in there you two, there are so many prayers being said for you. ❤
Stay strong many inspired by you.. and your smile... My mother in law had 6 times chemo for her limphoma cancer when she was 58. Now she is 83 and Alhamdulillah healthy and happy.  She too lost her hair but now has more beautiful hair 😃
Absolutely gorgeous, inside and out! Your love is beautiful, your attitudes… so beautiful
You’re so beautiful Bec! You’re okay Eamon lol  Sending our love over to you both!
Forgot the makeup the hair, you do you and keep being honest and true, that’s what we love. Show us how it is. And ‘bec you are hot…………. Love from the granite planet ( Newfoundland and Labrador)
Bec looks super stylish now! And Eac's such a great partner. Much love to you both~
Always Remember it is what’s on the inside that matters not what’s on the outside
omg BEAUTIFUL BEC! Love you guys the most!! ROCK ON
Bec your gorgeous inside and out❤️ Sending you love, hugs and healing 😘
Sweetheart just keep smiling….your energy and smile are the things that make you gorgeous…i started following you guys in March 2020 when the pandemic was just hitting Italy your videos were my escape and i always found the positive energy you both have and always keep..inspiring…you’re a ray of light…keep shining…sending you the biggest hug and all the positive energy and strength
You’re beautiful Bec! God Bless! 💭💜🙏🏻
As I watched, I found myself saying, "oh, sweet girl!" again and again. But what touched me the most is how beautiful the two of you are together. You complement each other so well, and your relationship is lovely to witness. God bless you both.
You look stunning! (So does Eamon)🥰
You are absolutely gorgeous Bec !!! Eamon is such a fun and wonderful person !! Love both of you!!!🥰🥰🏆🏆
I whish I was half as a great husband as Eamon is. The support he shows for his beautiful wife is truly one of a kind. What Eamon and Bec invites us to share here is fantastic. It will help so many of us to realize how important love is.
This is one more big step toward getting better ❤ each of these painful moments is a sign that you're fighting this and you're going to get better. We love you and you're so beautiful ❤  Eamon's right you know, not everyone can pull off a shaved head and you look fucking cool! 😍
Thanks for sharing your lives with us all. I wish you the very best
Bec your beautiful and vulnerable and so, so brave! 🤗
Bec, honey, I've been losing my hair since my 20s. The doctors couldn't figure out why. Finally decided it was  male pattern baldness. So I've ha a little old man fringe for years. I've worn wigs but after menopause hot flashes I just shaved it completely and felt liberated. My husband said he loves me fir me. Not my hair. You're beautiful sweetheart.  You're so adorable.  You can wear beautiful scarves, headbands, and awesome hats. Be a bald diva like me. Prayers love hugs and kisses. My darling girl. Love your kentucky grandma.
I think what really warms my heart is the love you both have for each other!! The news of bec’s cancer has been heartbreaking but knowing that eamon is there right beside her is so comforting!! I know that bec is going to kick this cancers butt.. but she’s not doing it alone!! She’s got such amazing personal support as well as a whole community that has her back as well!! You’ve got this Bec!! Thank you for sharing this journey with us!! ❤️
This is going to be really difficult to watch. I can’t imagine how hard it is for Eamon, you being his everything, to watch you suffer 😔 Alas, I will watch and I will cry with you, probably a lot. I just wanted to leave more of my heart here, more prayers and a lot of love as I join you in spirit on this difficult journey. But I can’t wait for future Bec to look back at these videos and see how fucking far she has come 💛 Edit: ok I’m a little into the video. Bec, please promise to have a bob like that in the future 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
I will cry @ 14:00 every time I think about it for the rest of my life
So inspiring on so many levels. Love you guys
im so proud of you, you are so strong this sort of things can happen out of no where but you will get through it and you rock a bald head
EAMOM SHAVE UR HEAD FOR BEC I BET U IT EOULD HELPP HER MENTALLY SO MUCH
LOOK AT THAT BEAUTIFUL HEAD!! I’m so happy to see you embracing the situation with such grace! You are an extraordinary woman Bec.
You really are stunning bald!  🤩 wow!  Love you both!❤️
I don't know you guys personally, but the fact that you let people into your everyday life is incredible! No matter what the vibe, no matter what is going on with you guys, you let the viewer into your most intimate moments! I can't imagine the pain and suffering you are going through, but know that you have an audience who is there for you and only wants to send you good thoughts!
You look amazing as always 🥰
You are so gorgeous 😍!!! Love you  girl!! Kick cancers ass!!!! I have been praying and sending positive vibes!!!
❤️❤️❤️
Please just know whomever you may pass that sees you bald, will just be someone else that will say an extra prayer for you🙏 You are beautiful🥰
I was an oncology nurse for 30+ years. This is the most honest and on the spot representation of what happens with hair loss. You emotions are so normal. Our hair is such a part of our identity, and losing that is so painful. You are gorgeous with and without hair. I always told women that most women are more beautiful bald because then the focus is on your eyes, not your hair. I wish I was still working, I would refer women to your episode.
You look so tough. And, you ARE beautiful!! You are a beautiful, tough, and strong soul! Everything about you ❤️. You got this, strong lady! I LOVE you 💗
You’re beautiful inside and out! We all love you and are rooting for you every day! Thank you for sharing your story with us 💛💛
Bec you look beautiful  ful and can you make Eamon wear wig again he look great
I cried happy 9 times. I love you both so brave and so encouraging. Made me feel so strong and excited to have a relationship that you have. True love at sight 💙
I want you to know that I saw my mom go through loosing her hair and it was so hard. This is not easy and it’s totally okay to get angry and cry it out. You will get through this!
I’m so sorry you’re going through this but truly you look so beautiful!! It reminds me of Americas Next Top Model when they shave a girls head and she looks amazing. Honestly it suits you so much!! Sending healing and good vibes ✨🙏🏼❤️
YOOOOOOOOO WHEN THAT HAIR STARTS COMNG BACK ITS SOO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!! IT GETS SOOOO SOFT! ITS A BLESSING!
Well done Bec! We're our own biggest critics but you defs look amazing either way. It's your facial features that pull it off and the hair is just an accessory/compliment. Love and prayers to you guys ❤❤
Just finished the video.  You are beautiful and your man is doing his part ❤
If Eman shaved his head with you. It would be awesome.  I'm so sorry, love you keep standing and you keep going strong.
Sending love to you both.  Becs Lee would be so proud of you. As we all are. You are so so strong.
I pray so much for you ! You are beautiful with or without hair.  And Eamon is such an awesome husband! Prayers are with you. 🥰🙇‍♀️❤
Amazing, inspirational…you both have got this!
You are absolutely beautiful!!!
I can’t even begin to say how amazing this video is! Bec you have a beautiful soul💜
you’re so beautiful!!!
I love you guys, Bec I'm here for you and Eamon you are doing such a great work, in my comment on the previous video I didn't say it enough but you are doing everything you can and believe me that's more than enough. You are an AWESOME team. Quick recap I had leukemia when I was 8 y/o and now I'm 24 and after two years of treatment I made it and I like to think I'm healthy right now so as I watch your videos I remember everything, the hair loss, the nausea... I just want to say that both of you are really strong and full of love I admire you guys and I will keep supporting you through every video. ♡
What a amazing & strong woman you are Bec. You are going to have some hard days but, just focus on the future and the bright days. Just always know we are fighting with you and praying for you.  Eamon, you are a rockstar and one hell of a great guy. You two beauties make one hell of a great team!!  Here in South Texas, when us gals are going through a rough time and are a little down, we like to say “COWGIRL UP!!” Dust off those jeans and get back on the horse!  Sending love, positivity and good vibes your way! 💗
Bec you’re a beautiful badass woman!!🧡😍 sending you both SO much love!
Thank you for sharing Bec, you  look amazing 🤩
You can totally get some Glam medics magnetic eyelashes that's what some women  with alopecia do. I love how mine look and they are pretty easy
You two are so sweet and there is no doubt in my mind you will both make it through this stronger and happier than ever. Bec you are so beautiful inside and out what can’t you do?????Eamon you are such a beautiful partner to bec you guys are so inspiring I love you 🥺
I think Eamon should shave his head too, keep it bald until you are finished your treatment and then have a contest to see who grows their hair the fastest. Decide on a length and see who gets there first!
I’m literally crying rt now with you.  Your the most BEAUTIFUL woman I have ever met.  Your touching people around the world.  The God who created the universe is going to take this horrible trauma and use it for good.  God is with you every step of the way.  I promise I will be praying for you - the battle belongs to the Lord.  Jeremiah 30 vs 17 “But I will restore you to health and heal your wounds,’ declares the Lord, ‘because you are called an outcast, Zion for whom no one cares.’” ‭‭Jeremiah‬ ‭30:17‬ ‭NIV‬‬ PeaceAndLove  Lori
Bec, you're so sweet and beautiful, I love the hair cut (:
Just love and more love… y’all got this!❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful never doubt your beauty and it’s not just skin deep it’s in your soul stay proud sister
I’m a silent watcher and this bought tears to my eyes. I love how you guys love each other. Bec you’re beautiful.
ya sometimes life truly sucks but you don't throw a pity party really ,  i help children going thru this as well as many other horrible things many are alone there family's shy away yet I have never seen nor heard of any child feeling sorry for themselves the hole pity party so what exactly is the excuse of all the adults behaving like this ya life sucks you change what you can and you accept what you can't without seeking pity
You're beautiful and strong, Bec!
💛💛💛
Sending you both so much strength, kindness and deep appreciation. Mas vida!!
Bec, before your hair was ever considered a beauty feature, it was your soul first. 💜
Bec, you are amazing. This is so hard. I have had to shave my mothers head 3 times through a 7 year journey with cancer, and it is hard every single time. You’re amazing. Praying for strength for you, mentally, physically, emotionally, and spiritually.   And Eamon. You’re an incredible partner. Thankful Bec has you in this insanely hard season. Praying for you too man. It is next level hard to watch your love go through something like this.   Big love to you both. 💛
God bless you thank you for sharing your experience
You are so strong!
We are here for you Bec!! For every tear, laugh, wig and journey! <3
You look beautiful✨❤️
Bec, you're beautiful either way. But the most beautiful part of you is your soul. Feeling well or sick, with hair or without, your inner light shines through. And Eamon, you are a saint. Brightest Blessings to you both.
Bec, you look so beautiful with or without hair❤️🥰 Eamon, you are doing such a good of taking care of Bec… you rock❤️🥰
God bless you both ... and you will be okay soon Bec... we love you.
💗
Omg bec, you can really pull off a bald head!!!! Gorgeous
You definitely look cute bald too.
Thank you for sharing this journey.  I cannot put into words how inspirational you both are. Keep kicking cancers ass!!! Hugs from MN
Why is Oso in a cone?
I feel really happy for you that you have someone like eamon supporting you and sticking by your side. I don’t know what it feels like to go through this but you sure make it look easy and I’m praying for you guys! 🤍
Bec you look stunning with a bald head ! It makes your eyes look even bigger and so sparkly !!
My heart broke so many times. It's so hard to watch someone, that has been such a positive influence in my life, for so many years, go through this type of pain.  Losing your hair is an ego death, it's painful, and it's okay to cry. It's okay to not be okay. Bec is an angle for sharing this vulnerable side of herself.
Bec you’re an absolute babe!! Happy to see you found the Loft too! And if only we could all be so lucky to have an Eamon by our side. What a cheerleader ❤️ You’ve got this girl! 💪🏼
You are beautiful  and strong  luck to havr each other stay strong guys 🙏👍👍❤❤
You 2 are amazing ! I love you both!
You are both so adorable…. Bec, you are beautiful & such an inspiration. Eamon, you are such an encourager & support for Bec during this difficult time. Sending you both much love from PEI ❤️
Bec and Eamon, thank you for letting us be a part of your journey. The love between the two of you is so amazing!! I am in awe of how strong both of you are!! Sending hugs and prayers!!!!!
Every single video chronicling this journey has given me so much inspiration, I look forward to each and everyone. Bec and Eamon, you have an amazing partnership and love. Bec, you are a badass warrior and your beauty, both inside and out, radiates through each video.  Thank you for sharing this process with us and being so vulnerable in allowing all of us to see what you're going through... sending the most positive and healing vibes!! ❤🌻
You look absolutely beautiful Bec!! You are just such a strong women💕
Bec, you are seriously beautiful, with or without hair!  Don't let your hair loss get you down.  You are loved, no matter what!
Wow, you two are so amazing.  Thank you for being so open and sharing this journey.  Congratulations on the 1,000,000+ subscribers.  You deserve it!!!!
You are beautiful.
I commented before I watched I want you to know i cried with u everytime u cried n said beck it's okay ur beautiful. I'm not just saying that i actually did. Thank u for sharing ur journey. Kick cancer's butt love love ya
Well Aimee fell in love with wigs after she had cancer, the two of you will be rocking your wigs cancer free together in no time at all ❤
raw feeling of this all, just shows that YouTubers/influencers/ and the famous are very much human. We tend to nitpick everything that is shown to us over the internet to expect everyone to be perfect
Breast cancer does not define you! You are gorgeous!
You both bring me to tears...your strength, the way you love each other and what you have brought to the public...the realness! ❤ I pray for you both and send love and may you both be surrounded by the white light of the Divine!!💫❤
Bec, you are so courageous and beautiful! Sending you both lots of love.
I’ve been watching y’all’s videos for a long time. I just want you to know that you are very much appreciated and loved. ❤️
Hair does not define someone’s beauty. It’s your heart, love, and pure intent that make you beautiful. Lots of love and healing energy sent to you both! 💞 Congratulations on a million subscribers!
I want to hear more from Eamon and his point of view, his raw emotions and how hard this is for him that his "love in this life "is going through all this...your a courageous woman and a beautiful babe bec!!!!
L
I just want you to know I’m still praying for you! You look absolutely beautiful and your wig really does look just like your real hair. You are one strong kick ass woman! My heart is full watching Eamon each week watching how much he loves and adores you. You two were meant to be! You’re going to kick cancer’s ass Bec!
I have never cried so much, watching. I feel for you so much. You are doing so amazing. 💕😘💕😘💕😘
Eamon, with all do respect (you’ll see where I’m coming from and in no way harmful) but Bec.... you’re hot! With or without hair. Very beautiful. It’s your personality and facial features that glow. Not hair! Again Eamon, please do not take this the wrong way! As you know, you have a beautiful woman!
OMG, you are so beautiful!!!! 🤗
You look stunning Bec, it really accentuates your strong bone structure plus you look like a badass. The short bob looked so cute and chic too, something to look forward to when it grows back one day, or even a pixie cut! Also it's so awesome you can have a wig made out of your own hair! It also might be fun to try different colours like Aimee - I mean she really has fun with it. Also thank you for sharing that not everyone's scalp is perfect and blemish free. I always thought that people with shaved heads had perfect flawless skin and it's not true. And a plus side, you may not have bothered to have it removed before and now you don't have to deal with it anymore!
You're so blessed to have a man like Eamon. He's so supportive and doesn't let you alone. God bless him for having such a beautiful heart but God bless you with strength Bec you're beautiful inside and out. Stay strong love❤ Cancer is one of my biggest fears ever. Throughout this video I cried so much. We all love you Bec!
may I add Bec that you truly look amazing with a shaved head! way better than id ever look.
Hello gorgeous! What a beautiful opportunity to find new ways of creative expression; makeup, jewelry,  hats, wigs and scarves. You can embrace all these new Bec versions of yourself while rooted in the incredible person we've all grown to love. Your strength is astounding and it's also ok to mourn the loss of parts of us we are used to having for so long.   Eamon, you're an incredible partner. ❤
So in love you guys…. Both so amazing and incredibly brave!!!
Bec, you are doing so amazing and honestly had such a raw and natural reaction to your hair loss. Your are absolutely stunning and girl do you ever rock a shaved/bald head. Eamon, your supportiveness is coming through the screen. You are doing such an amazing job and its so beautiful to watch how much love and support you have for Bec. You are both doing amazing and I am continuing to send you all the positive thoughts, feelings, and vibes I can. ✌🏻🖤  P.S. congrats on 1 Million!!!!
Thanks for sharing your Journey,, We send you strengthand love
You really are beautiful with or without hair.  You have the attitude of a warrior and I know you will be just fine when this is all behind you.  Then you can decide if you want to remain with a beautiful bald head, short hair or locks down to your butt!!!   GOD bless you mightily, and you too Eamon.  Don't forget about your self in this process.
It’s amazing how sex is a tonic
So beautiful.   I work in healthcare, and am also a hairdresser.  My sister is a cancer care nurse as well. She called me the other day and asked if I was busy.   I took my clippers to the ward and helped an amazing woman face  her inevitable fear. Being bald.  Her hair was her shinning glory. Long and red and wavy and just beautiful.  Her Dr told her when she felt she was ready, she as well would shave her head.   So that’s what I did for them.  And what an amazing experience.    So many emotions for all.   And she is beautiful. So beautiful.  Just like you.   They both looked like bad ass beautiful warriors.   Just like you.    Thank you for sharing.  I am sending you both love  and strength.
So sorry Bec that you had to join the club that so many of us are in. Stay strong, stay focused, stay “you”  and you look gorgeous. Thanks for sharing your journey and just remember you are not alone.
❤️
Beautiful fighter!
Eamon and Bec - guys, I love seeing in a few hours that hundreds of thousands of people have wacthed your video, tens of thousands have liked your video, and several thousand people have commented on it.  What??? That is so amazing and speaks to the community you both have built, and how many people truly feel invested in your journey.  We are all hand in virtual hand sending you both amazing juju.
I LOVE THIS VIDEO ❤️
It’s amazing how sex sorts things out
You are BEAUTIFUL! ❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Just ordered the new cookbook!! Cannot wait for new recipes!!!!
🙏✌🏽❤💪✊🏽
Hott girl looking fantastic. Like really those tears . sweet girl ya got this.love y'all happy adventures. From great falls Montana we love you
Bec you look beautiful! You are so strong! 💕
The two of you are such INCREDIBLE people! I’m amazed at your strength and support of each other. Much love to you both. ❤️
You are such a good loving couple Emen loves you you love him and you support each other just stay strong
Looked good Bec.
Eamon. You made me cry while watching this video. Your love for Beck always shines through every episode but this is the true definition of love! I love you guys 💕
Well, now that I see you with your head shaved, I think you're absolutely beautiful. The weird thing is you were cute with long hair but you're really beautiful !!
Bec you look stunning!!!  And you are an Amazing young woman!!
Oh sweet girl u got this! And remember its only for a season and it shall pass! Love u! U look beautiful like a warrior ❤
I love both you guys so much. Bec honestly you look amazing and you are shining 🌟 and i know that you are dealing with this with the most beautiful supportive man Eamon. I think its easy to forget how our other halves are coping with seeing someone they love so much going through a difficult time. Thank you both for keeping it real ❤️ send you love and hugs ❤️
There are three people who look gorgeous with "slim hair" - Sinead O'Connor, Annie Lennox and YOU.  Gorgeous.  Seriously gorgeous.  That would NOT be me.  You are amazingly beautiful.
Please take care you beautiful soul ❤
Thanks for sharing! <3
Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful, God Bless both of you! Thank You for the inspiration, you both are good people!
I have been following you guys since before 2020 when you weren’t in North America. I think this might be the first time I have left a comment.  I watch on my smart tv and don’t have easy assess to a keyboard.  I have watched your journey and have really enjoyed all that you have shared   I just want to send all the positive vibes at this hard time of your lives.   I must say that you are both beautiful people inside and out. I can’t imagine losing my hair and having to go through the chemo. My only experience has been when my dad went through being diagnosed with lung cancer and upon having chemo, he also lost his hair.  This might not seem seem such a big deal especially for a male, but my dad had a “comb over” for many, many years. The type of hair style that was comical when the wind blew. It was very traumatic for him, although it really did him a favor as his new hairdo really looked much better on him and the ladies gave him favorable comments. He never went back to his”combover”.   Bec, when you smile, you are so beautiful. You have a great smile, great skin and you look so beautiful even though you don’t have the long hair that you had.  I just hope that you are now feeling as good as you look.  I was very worried after the first treatment, but you seem to be feeling much better now. Thank you for sharing your journey.  I know it is hard but I am sure you are helping many feel less isolated.  My heart goes out to you.  I only wish you the best of days going forward. Love you guys. Take care❤️
“I am bald & I am beautiful..” 🥺- Bec, you are more than beautiful.. you look absolutely stunning bald!   I just wanted to say thank you for opening up and sharing your experience thus far with breast cancer. I know it isn’t easy & at times would be a an incredibly confronting experience, but you are so strong & I truly admire your strength & positively so much. You are going to kick cancers butt SO hard.   Sending my love from Australia & a big virtual hug ❤️‍🔥
Love you guys!!!
Sending love and hugs to you Bec and Eamon.  Both of you so strong in your love for each other.  Thank you for sharing your truth.
So basically you’re a bald supermodel😏…still beautiful even in the face of adversity. You’re amazing Bec! Ramon you’re a gem. You’re both so lucky to have each other. Continuing to send healing vibes and lots of love. ❤️❤️❤️
Looking good.  Have a healthy week.💗
With or Without, You’re Gorgeous!
I cannot wait for the complete remission video that WILL happen :)
Bec is the bald rocker chic and Eamon is the long haired country western star!  JK you are adorable....sending lots of love ❤️
You are both beautiful, inside and out!! Endless love and prayers for you both!
You are beautiful inside and that radiates outside.  My husband is now on hospice after fighting for almost 7 years.  At first he was very self conscious about what others thought. After fighting and pushing through 6.5 years we have learned that we just don’t care about what others think. All that matters is love, your health and living. Cancer taught us how precious life is. Cancer gave us so much more love and understanding and quality of life then we ever thought possible. It’s amazing how beautiful people can be when you tell your story and share your journey. Your in my prayers.
Look forward to your next video. Continuing to pray for you guys.
Eamon- you did not shave your head??
Thanks for showing your strength and vulnerability. 💕💕
Bec you are beautiful inside and out!!!  I will continue to pray for you on this journey you are on.  You two are just AWESOME!!!  Love to both of you!!  A fan from central NC (Troy, NC)
Bec you look amazing and thanks for sharing this journey with us it’s very much a teaching experience for so many. On side note didn’t you learn anything from kinging it🤪🤪🤪🤣🤣🤣 sending you lots of love and positive vibes as you go through this personal journey. Lots of love guys you got this 😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
My heart goes to you beck! I am always so excited every week to see your new adventures. And though this one is the most difficult yet, I know you are strong and will make it through. Thank you for sharing your journey with us! P.s. you look beautiful no matter what DONT forget that 💕
You two are so inspirational! My prayers are with you…YOU ARE AMAZINGLY STRONG & BEAUTIFUL… both of you 💕
me gusta ver y sentirte positiva en medio de la situacion, go girl, bless you
ur beautiful no matter what hun & ur such a strong & positive person.. & u have such an amazing man.. may God bless ur beautiful union and give u both a lifetime of nothing but happiness…🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻 and honestly look good without any hair, it’s really suits u love…💕💕
You look absolutely gorgeous!
Watched all your vids, Im so praying for you two!
silk pillowcases help
Bec you totally rock any look and Eamon, great support. Praying for you🙏
I am crying with you but you 2 are very 💪 and my mom went threw this 3 times she is a survivor. You will be great after your finished your treatment . I keep sending you positive vibes your strong 💪. And I agree it’s only hair the Bob cut looked beautiful 😻 on you !
Some of that was hard to watch - but you guys are just amazing and beautiful and the love you have for each other is so beautiful. Sending love
Smile and fight on
You remind me of Ripley without your hair. A beautiful strong badass woman.
You both are such amazing people. Beck you are beautiful with or without hair. You have such a sweet amazing man by your side. You are loved.
Much love to you guys - from 🇨🇦 🍁
And this too shall pass. Stay strong, positive and whole hearted. 🙏❤️
OMG… that wig looks just like your natural hair!!  ❤️❤️❤️ suggesting a name:  Vanessa
Your journey is me two years ago. All the emotions and how I felt when my husband shaved my head. How vain I felt, but I couldn’t shake it. I tried a few wigs but they were so hot, ended up in scarfs. They have some beautiful ones out there. I do have to tell you, you are so much braver than I. As I Never looked at myself bald. Never… crazy right. And the first hair that grew back was that nasty chin hair that you pull out, that is an inch deep. True story. I started following you when I was sick in bed after treatments, thank you for your travel adventures. And by the way, you are Beautiful. Praying for you both
My heart is aching for you Bec. I understand why losing your hair is so upsetting. It’ll be ok,  Eamons love and your lifestyle are such assets at a time like this. And you absolutely do look beautiful with that shaved head. Sending you guys love and positive vibes.
I was diagnosed with stage 3 BC JAN 12th. Jan 31 that changed to Stage 4 metastatic with Mets in my spine ribs hips and femur. I did like you did a bob then full GI Jane after my 4th chemo session (Belleville) I’ve heard the same about cold cap not working. When my hair started coming out in clumps it hit hard.  With me the isolation of this journey hit this past week going to Kingston general for my pity. Going into those appointments although like you I have an army behind me but walking into those appointments alone reminds you of the warrior we are in this journey. I was shocked when I went for the buzz I didn’t lose my mind and now I’m comfortable going out in my buzz cut glory.  You are an inspiration
Gurrrrl! You are rocking the bald👩‍🦲🔥🌶
Much love to both of you. I really bow to your braveness and acceptance. And yes you look beautiful  Bec <3
Some people experience the same thing and it’s the worst thing in life for instance Landon experience the same thing as you did. Watch the ACE Family and search Landon chemotherapy.
You do bald very well. Thank you for explaining/showing the process. Bec, you’re such a beautiful soul.
You probably woke see this but please know your are making a stronger. I am may have tonsil  cancer  and love when a brand I since to work out.
You are so beautiful and strong Bec and Emon is an amazing support ❤  love you guys
The Lord bless you and keep you: The Lord make His face to shine upon you, To shine upon you and be gracious, and be gracious unto you The Lord bless you and keep you: The Lord make His face to shine upon you, To shine upon you and be gracious, and be gracious unto you The Lord lift up the light Of His countenance upon you, The Lord lift up the light Of His countenance upon you, And give you peace,
Bec you are truly amazing, you are in my prayers. Keep kicking its butt. Also if you have Netflix, I would recommend watching Alexa & Katie. You may connect with the show during this journey. Lots of love ❤️
❤️
You have a beautiful soul, which is much more important than having hair. I wish you all the strength to get through this
Literally crying with you Bec. My heart goes out to you, you are beautiful inside and out. 💕❤️ we’re rooting for you buddy 💕
Girl you look so bad ass with your new look. kick cancer's butt girl we love you.
You two are so beautiful. God bless you both.
Bec you are amazing and Eamon you are too! Keep on trucking girl! You've got this!
“Okay stop” broke me. We are all crying with you, Bec. You are absolutely stunning! Inside and out. With or without hair. Please feel these big (hugs)) I am sending! ❤️
I love it, I think it makes you look like a model, just think, you will get fresh brand new hair, when it comes back!
I have NEVER felt more connected to 2 human beings I have never met! You guys have no idea how much joy your videos bring to my life! Your love and light is soo radiant! Thank you guys for SO much more then you know! Love love love from your fellow Canadian 💗 ❤️ xo
Love y’all so much!!! Praying and thinking about you both!!
Bec, you are beautiful inside and OUT. Your baldness is badass like you! Prayers for you and Eamon ❤️💞
Jesus Christ is Lord confess with your mouth that he is Lord get baptized put God first seek him with all your mind body and soul love your neighbors as yourself. Seek God while we still have time. Be blessed brothers and sisters
Beautiful inside and out! 💖💖
You look like Furiousa from Mad Max.  Stunning.  So strong and funny.
Bec, you really do look so, so good without hair. This is the only YT channel my wife watches with me and we love all the good times and the tough times. Things will get better, your hair can only grow from here and you have an amazing partner to hold and help you through it. You guys are beautiful inside and out, here’s to your health and continued happiness. 🤙🏽❤️
Bec you’re so beautiful
Stay strong Bec. You are beautiful with or without hair. 🙏🏻🥰
Bec can honestly pull off any look there is!! Thank you both for always taking us on your journeys in life! You both are the strongest couple I know! And bec you are 100% a total badass! I love you guys!
Gotta say, Bec looks hot AF with a shaved head. I know that doesn't make it any easier though. ❤
you look bad ass better than Demmi More
you literally look AMAZING bald!!!! you should've done this years ago!! haha, always praying for you :)
I am in tears 😩😩😩😩💔 omg we love you guys
I cannot believe you’re sharing this. It is so raw and I really feel like I’m with you in this. You are unbelievable brave I struggle with crying in front of people let alone sharing this with 1 million!! We love you 💛
when it starts to grow back and you get to rock that pixie cut, that's gonna be so cute and i hope you take time to enjoy it! sending all of the best energy your way.
it is okay your stay the same and pretty
Bec  you are a strong, beautiful, amazing woman.  You are loved and valued.   Eamon, you are an amazing partner and person.
Bec you look amazing and so powerful- wow. Sending you and Eamon my love. Thank you for sharing your journey. Congrats on 1M. I've loved see your channel grow
Bec!! You are a freaking beautiful GODDESS and a Rockstar! And I have the feeling that Lee would have been there beside you, shaving her head in solidarity. ❣️ (I'm at the part where you're doing your makeup and talking about having days where you just have to get the feelings out - and you are RIGHT. I've been having issues with my depression lately and have had some days where .... I'm just breaking down like crazy put of nowhere over the slightest thing, and I just have to let it happen and get over it, and I feel better. I don't know. It's weird. I know it's not the same journey, but it made me think of what you said.) I love you guys. Still sending light and lots of love!!
Bec, even through the tears I can see your courage. I love to see Eamon’s encouraging words.
Bec - I am so proud of you. Tears are pouring down my face as I watch your journey. You are so brave and you are such an inspiration. You are beautiful bald! I wish I could hug you and Eamon both. I think Eamon should shave his head too. Love you both - I pray for you daily!
Your so beautiful  and .your a  amazing parson bec send all my love and hugs your a amazing
Team Bec!
Hair, short hair, no hair. You look great.
Hi Becca and Eamon,, I just want you to know I’m in your corner cheering you on.   I think you look great bald. Perhaps you’ll consider leaving it that way forever? I’m sure you will find it’s much less trouble? Hugs and love to you both from Don .
Wow, was litle off of the channel news, hope you doing well, you guys are strong! you will be healed of this cancer...  my dad had a cancer too it's hard but you guys have each other, everything will be fine!
Wow u are beautiful with or with out hair prayer for ur journey.
Eamon shave your head now to 😃
God bless, you are both in my prayers! Lovely as always!
I'm about 7minutes I think this video, the hair cut is done a d you're outside.   Wow you look great!!!!!  When is Eamon out of town?  Hahaha   Still an inspiration and I'm still here.
Bec, you look amazing with a shaved head! You're gorgeous, inside and out! Eamon, that planter with the glasses was outstanding!!! You two are so wonderful. Hang in there! Sending love and light your way 💕
You’re beautiful Bec! Praying for you ❤️
You are rockin’ the baldness beautifully Bec! Sending you and Eamon lots of love! 💕💕💕
❤️❤️❤️ We love you Bec, no matter what!
Looking strong and beautiful!!!
Praying to the Indian Gods . They will shower their blessing to you Bec! You look badass!!! Lots of love . We are with you
bec bald is beautiful having hair is beautiful beauty is not just about looks. its about how you make yourself feel about you.
I'm so glad you got that mole removed.
Oh my goodness. You rock the short hair! Can you name it "History". One day it will be history! Bec, you are a beautiful soul! You are more than your hair. Such beautiful kids. love you guys
I met alot of people who were bald I never thought of the sick. I think fuck she's brave
you are beautiful inside and out.  You both are so lovely to watch.  Sending hugs
we love you guys! thanks again for sharing your journey!
You are incredible Bec!! Sending all my love from Ottawa.
You genuinely look amazing bald! You should keep the look, you really pull it off!
Your beautiful hair may be gone, temporarily but your beautiful spirit is so strong❤️.  Love both you and Eamon.
Your look GORGEOUS balled!!!
You have this both of you. The love you have for each other is inspiring. Thank you for sharing your journey. May God bless the both of you.
YOU r beautiful!
I send you my positive energy for complete and healthy healing and may you have a long fulfilled life.❤❤
You look so cool with shaved hair oh my God 😍
You are beautiful, be strong and you can get through this, I know it, believe believe in yourself. I have a fan of your videos and we are here for support. All of your fans are here.
Sending good thoughts prayers and comfort . Bec you are so lucky to have eamon
Thank you so much for sharing your journey, I can only imagine how difficult it is to share. I’m You are both beautiful inside and out. 💕
I love you so much Bec, you are so strong. I'm sending prayers for happy, healthy, and fast recovery. I love you so much!
❤️
You look beautiful!!! Like a baby GI Jane ♥️
♥️
I just admire how eamon is so supportive all the way to bec 🙌🏻
I buzzed my hair in the shower yesterday morning.  I've lost 12 -14 inches in the last 7 months.  I don't have cancer but I have a chronic illness and I am in crisis mode right now.  This has been so empowering and helpful watching you.  My body is not my own right now and I feel so lost right now but I know I will get better.  I'm working with my great team of doctors and I will make it through just like you.  I am sitting here watching you with tears and a smile.  I have enjoyed following yall for a few years now and I am so thankful for your bravery in sharing this with the world.
I have to tell you, coming from an 80 year old that still rides my white horse; you rock Bec.  I wear my hair short and have people stop me all the time complementing me.  But the bald headed women I have seen are stunningly beautiful to me.  I had breast cancer in my early 50”s and my husband didn’t offer one ounce of support.  I drove myself 60 miles round trip 5 days a week for 6 wks  for my treatments.  .  Eamon is a doll.  This is what life is about.  Loving each other and supporting each other the best we can.  Blessings and its one day at a time for all of us.  Bec you are beautiful.  Your soul shines through.  💝💝💝🙏🙏🙏
Love u all 🥰🥰🥰🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Your smile is so radiant Bec, it is so contagious 🤍
You are so brave. You are an example for other women ❤️
Oh Bec, you are so beautiful, strong and such an amazing loving person. Praying and thinking of you everyday.  Stay positive, stay strong we are all here for you.  💖
gorgeous lady! I don't have a hair problem... it turns grey, falls out... no problem!
As someone who lost her hair at 18  has been wearing a wing for over 4 decades I know how hard is it to lose your hair. For me it will never grow back.  If you want tips for wig care, hit me up, happy to help. Hugs Becca.
Eamon is so right, you do look beautiful and I am also not just saying it….I thought of you this week while doing a devotional and I prayed for you!! I know you will get through this and you are going to be such an inspiration to so many… it’s just so beautiful to watch how strong you are. And I I know I speak for so many others, even though I don’t know you personally I am here crying with you but also with a lot of hope , good thoughts and lots of faith that all of this will soon pass…you are strong , you are beautiful and I know for a fact that you are loved by so many, more then you even can imagine.. ….
You are very strong for putting this video out, sending love your way for your journey <3
you two are amazing, much love!!!
My cousin went thru similar circumstances so while watching your videos I think of her. BUT WHILE WATCHING THIS VIDEO, at 4:11 there’s a picture that pops up and what do ya know, THATS MY COUSIN! I have so many questions 😹
I am so proud of both of you!! You are both taking this so well!! You are both in my prayers 🙏🙏 ❤️ ❤️
You look beautiful bec 😊
your a goddess Bec! so Beautiful! much love and thanks for sharing your journey
What are the words??? You guys are amazing!!! Bec you’re such a strong woman ❤️,  Eamon you are an amazing partner!!!  This journey is so difficult, but every step you take brings you closer to the finale!!!  Soon it will be history, and you’ll reflect on it one day and wonder how the heck did we make it through??? You’ll glance at each other and you will know it was because you did it “together”!!! ❤️❤️
I have 2 moles in my head and you’re not the only one have mole in your head. You’re beautiful with or without hair.
Bless you Bec you're beautiful. Eamon you're an amazing partner and are so kind and caring for Bec. You both bring joy and hope to others showing how you're enjoying and appreciating the simple things in life, like just being in each others presence. Sending prayers, love & hugs from Australia.
You are so beautiful Bec  and Eamon you"re not too bad(lol).The love you have for each other will carry you through all obstacles.Many prayers and love for you two.
Love you guys ❤️
OMGosh. I'm so not kidding.  I like your hair short better !!!!
You look like a rock star without haaair🤩🤩🤩😍
You look like a baddy! <3
You do look really cool!!!! Hip and young!
Thank you Bec!
This was a powerful video 💛 God bless 🌻
i love the full bald!! you look amazing, not everyone could carry that off but you do it well!!!!! God Bless you! Eamon you are an amazing partner as well!
I have to admit that I thought this video would be emotionally taxing but I am actually smiling as I watch how beautiful Bec looks! Each time Eamon offers his love, support and compliments, Bec is at her most beautiful when she smiles back and her eyes light up! This is a story of sickness but it's more a story of love and spirituality. Thank you for sharing your journey.
Love you guys. So proud of you both. Wow!! What inspirations ❤️ You’re so beautiful too!!
Bec, you are so brave to share your story and honestly, you are incredibly beautiful with or without your hair. Your personality and energy that you show when you feel empowered and happy is inspiring and contagious and I hope you continue with this beautiful mindset throughout your jounery because you absolutely deserve it. You've been on so many advendures together with Eamon, and what's one more right? :) Cheers to both of you and well done Eamon on being such a supportive and wholesome partner throughout this process. You both deserve the world. Love you both! - Eco
Praying 🙏🏼 Thank you for sharing your journey!
Becca….I was so touched by this video. Please know that hair doesn’t define your beauty. You were beautiful with hair and you remain beautiful without it…in fact, even more beautiful. You’re an inspiration to all and the strongest warrior I’ve ever seen. ❤️
♥️♥️♥️
Wow, you got a great melon.  I've never been through anything like this. I just wanted to say "Enjoy the Bald," everyone should shave their head once in their lifetime . Much love ❤️
Your a beautiful baldie! Something to perhaps look forward to - after my chemo. my hair grew back black and very curly! I love my hair now. Others I've run into said the same thing about their post hair. Be brave, be positive, and keep that smile going! Love ya.
you look so beautiful bec..no worries on losing the hair..it will come back million times more beautiful🥰🥰
🙌🙏🙏👏👏👏❤❤❤👋
Bec: you are gorgeous!! Eamon : you are something special! 💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟
Love the cute cut. Hang in there Bec. When you grow your hair out again, you could keep it short if you want and wear wigs. I’m losing hair in the front and have been looking at wigs. Like you, my head is extra large. I have long hair otherwise and so need to wear a mesh cap. Can’t find one for my large head. Wigs can be fun though. Sending you hugs.
We're cheering you on Bec! 🧡
Warm hugs and love from Mascoutah, IL  STAY STRONG WE ALL LOVE YOU GUYS! ❤️❤️❤️
You ARE BEAUTIFUL AND BRAVE
Yo I'm 30 seconds in and I've always wanted to see you with a shaved head I think you would look super cute bald or with a little bit of stubble like the length of the girl from Deadpool
Wow!  Bec, you’re amazing!  And beautiful with & without the locks.  Eamon, so strong & supportive.  Both of you are amazing for showing the true, raw emotion that you’re going thru.   Love ya both!
Please don’t feel bad about being “tied up” in your looks and your hair. I’m not a very fashionable or image concerned person and I would be absolutely devastated to shave my hair. It’s completely normal and your hair was very beautiful. Mourn it all you want. You look amazing all ways and your hair will be back. Hugs.
Positive positive positive vibes! ❤️
You are stunning!  I really really love it!
Brother, get your hair removed for support please 🙏
You are so beautiful, inside and out!  Your head is the perfect shape for it!  Ninja cancer warrior uniform!
Why is this gorgeous girl crying while looking so awesome bold.. doesn’t make sense 💕
You are so beautiful Bec. We're praying for you. 🙏❤
Stay strong! 🤗
I lost all my hair 3years ago. I was sad when I shaved it but found out I loved being bald. You don't realize how much energy we put into our hair. Not having it gave me time to do the things I really loved!
Bec, you are a badass, beautiful warrior princess — not just because you’re a fighter and are going to kick this c-word to the curb, but also because you’re willing to share your most vulnerable moments with all of us. I’m going to go find some Kleenex now. Keep soldiering on, you two. 💪 💖
You look so so beautiful
Thank you for sharing. I really appreciate it . Very Beautiful always take care . God bless you both
You two are so amazing.  Bec, you are gorgeous no matter hair, no hair, short hair or long hair.  Your soul shines through it all.  Eamon is such a warm and loving man.  You are both lucky to have each other.
You look awsome bold, Bec. I if I look that good with hair on me xxxx You gus are amazing, inspiring and brave.  Lots of love.
Can I just say that Eamon is the bomb?!! What a supportive partner!
Oh bless your beautiful heart ❤️ you're so beautiful, sweet and BLESSED 💕 Thank you to both of you, you're willingness to show your journey and share all the ups n downs. It seems crazy to this, knowing you guys don't know me at all, I really love you and Eamon. You guys are such great examples of Canadian Love❣️
You're so beautiful inside and out. You really truly pull off having no hair.  I love your positive attitude . Your wig looks stunningon on you.. it matches you perfect. God bless you and Amen .❤❤
Love you guys!!!  I vote you call the wig DOLLY. After Dolly Parton, a famous lady who rocks wigs, who is strong, a pioneer, a legend. All things Bec is ❤️❤️
Remember Sinead O’Connor and Skunk Annansi? You look so badass beautiful like a supermodel. ‘Lost money when I was 50 14 years ago and am blonde mousy, also head shape OK but somehow didn’t quite suit.  ‘Had acrylic long wig from a Japanese company, it was very good and a lot like my previous hair, ‘had always thick fair to blond long. Fake fur hats good especially as head feels even colder. My son did the same as Eamonn, donning my violet faux sheepskin swing coat and looking like Jimi Hendrix! It was great just sticking my head underwater in the bath too!😉😎🥰💕💕💕
💟💗I'm kinda jealous.  You certainly do rock the bald look but you also rock the wigs! Sending loads of love and prayers every day for you and Eamon too so keep strong and stay positive.
It really does look good.  You  are beautiful
Bec this journey is so special and beautiful to join you on, thank you for sharing and being SO vulnerable!! Many tears were shed with you 😢 Would love to hear from Eamon how he is throughout this journey also! You're both so strong and authentic and amazing!
Keep strong lady!! 💗👋
Bec, you are so gorgeous with or without hair!😘
I'm not a crier.  It's been years, but damn my eyes were leaking.  You are a brave, inspirational, beautiful person to share your journey like this.
Love love love ya !
You are absolutely beautiful.   Nothing can ever take away your beauty.
Enjoy the short bob, it’s very freeing to get rid of the extra weight of long hair, plus it’s so much easier to wash, dry, & style. Perfect for tiny living & water sports! You are stunningly gorgeous with or without hair. I don’t think someone is sick when I see a woman with a shaved head. I think, she’s a badass, and she probably shaved her head in solidarity with a friend or family member. My friends who have lost their hair are beautiful strong women, just like you! As unfair as this is, you will emerge stronger and more in touch with what is important in life. So happy you have a love like Eamon to walk by your side through this challenging time. YOU ROCK, STAY 💪🏻. You will persevere! 🤗❤️🤗❤️
OMG YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME! I have watched you guys 4ever ! You guys stay strong and you are sooooo butifull!🥰🥰😍😍😍❤❤❤❤
Beautiful! 💜
love you guys
Gorgeous!
So much love to the two of you!! ❤️💗🌳
Bec, you are still beautiful without hair. After the chemotherapy, your hair will start growing back. Prayers for the healing from your cancer.
Bec you are so bad ass, you look beautiful with or without hair and Eamon is such a gem...hugs
You are beautiful! Hair or no hair. Stay strong.
All the love for you both!! Bec you look incredible bald!!
It looks amazing
I want to thank you for sharing this journey you're giving so many people hope and The Willpower to push through no matter what the circumstances is losing your hair feeling sick having a bad day and then you come out in and say I'm better today I've gotten through those feelings and I'm just pushing through it's amazing you're very strong person and a positive role model and I love you both
Hi Bec I was wondering how far in advance you post your videos?
Bec, I had no doubt that you would be stunning without hair!  Mine grew back curly and I had a lot of fun with wigs too.  You are rocking it!!!!!
I went to put mascara on on for my daughter's wedding and I had maybe 3 lashes on each eye.
loved the short hair in you, it looked so cute. When your hair grows back you should keep it short for a bit.
Beauty comes in many forms but the most important is inside beauty and there, you are very very beautiful. Stay strong and positive.....  And hats off to Eamon who is so supportive and always by your side.....
We love you guys!!! Bec, you are beautiful no matter what!
I relived everything you said and went through in this video...   I lost mine on my second treatment.  Take a picture of your eyebrows now while you still have them.  When I was home I never wore anything but when I went out I wore my wig.   As you said people look at you and know you have cancer.  And I never wanted to be that person that everyone felt sorry for me.  Be strong,  you got this and attitude is everything.   Your rocking this bec...
Eamon and bec your  journey is so beautiful. I lost a friend to suicide in middle school.. It’s such a heavy burden to carry. Lee is the sunshine and you are the rainbow that comes after the storm Bec. Praying for you and sending you nothing but amazing vibes. You are a champion and freaking rockstar and I hope you remember that. We love you 🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼🤞🏼
So much love, love, love love headed your way.
Bec you  look so  beautiful bald! Seriously!  Hugs and strength to both of you!
You look great bec! Healling looks great on you 😍
Bawling my eyes out watching this. You are so strong and ad somebody with crippling anxiety/health anxiety it’s so empowering to watch how strong you are even when you have your human vulnerable moments. Xoxo ❤️❤️
Brings back memories ... You have a beautiful head.  I have a small flat top with a dent in back!
Your light shines bright Bec! I’ve watched your channel from the beginning, can’t believe you’re having to go through this. Sending you so much love and healing thoughts.Big hug!!
Sending tons of love!! Hope you will have some rad clothing drops about being strong!
When you said you were wearing Lee’s sweater I ugly cried. I’m so sorry you’re going through this and I admire you so much for sharing.
coming from a 16 yr old boy (one of the most brutal types of humans 😭) you look soo good!
I've been following your channel for a long time, following your life in motorhomes. so fun and exciting, but today I was so surprised to see a video about your health. I hope you are always excited and can get through this ordeal. May God always bless you both. Greetings from Indonesia, Assalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh. "May peace be upon you and may Allah's mercy and blessings be upon you"
Joe Tippens!!!!!
You are beautiful for what I've seen from the van days inside and out, you're also a strong woman and you have a beautiful support group as well, Eamon shows so much love for you in everything he does, he's so thoughtful and caring. God bless you guys and I pray for continued peace, strength and courage. Love you guys 🙏 ❤️🤗🌷🌻🌹
Yess Love Love 💕 sending more Love 💗
Love you Bec you are beautiful inside and out. You have the best smile and way about everything in life.  Don't ever lose that. Stay strong!  Eamon - every episode you inspire me to be a better husband. Keep making us all laugh man.  Dan and Shannon from Syracuse NY ❤️
So proud of you! I know that getting long hair cut can be pretty emotional for some. I'm really happy that Eamon was able to donate too. Your hair (or lack thereof) looks amazing on you no matter what cut or style. I hope that you have fun with your shaved head, too. I've shaved my head a few times (not because of cancer) and there's so much you can do like accessorize or even use make-up if you like. And going au natural is great too!
You are beautiful. That is because of your love for life and Eamon`love for you and you for him. What would complete it is to realize your need for a savior. Jesus Christ came to earth and died for 9ur sins so that we can spend our eternity with him. We can`t. Do it on our own.
Hang in there kiddo!!  You've got this!!
I don’t think that I’ve EVER loved any strangers as much as I LOVE YOU GUYS! I prayed for you both throughout viewing this video. I’m so glad that you guys randomly popped up on my YouTube page while I was recovering from surgery in 2019. It’s been a journey and I just can’t wait to see how GOD blesses you and your family throughout this part of your journey. Sending lots of love, peace and healing energy your way!
Bald bec looks so badass! Like Mad Max Charlize Theron badass 🤩
You are beautiful..inside and out. Both of you are. You've got this!!!!
What a journey. Thanks for sharing. All the best to you both.
You are strong. And beautiful. You genuinely pull off a shaved head really well!   Sending you healing, positive energy 💖🌞🌟⭐️🌙   From your far west neighbor in Bc 💖❤🧡💛💚💙💜
Stay strong Bec! You got this!❤️❤️
You are going to get beautiful hair back. You have beautiful people going on this journey with you sending good vibes to you.
@21: she made me cry Bec you are beautiful and Eamon is the best partner ever ♥️♥️‼️‼️💯
You're a beautiful person but it's not just your physical beauty it's your heart.
You are amazing and so beautiful! Eamon is also so amazing and supportive. Sending you positive vibes, love and prayers.
❤️ Sending love and support to you guys.
Your strength and honesty is amazing. You are a rock star! And yes, you ARE beautiful bald, no one can take that away from you.
I wonder why a woman’s identity is so tied to hair! Sad isn’t it?
Sending so much love to you both. I laughed and cried with you.I think you are an incredibly strong couple. You’ve got this!🙏🏼👍🏼💝
Bec and Eamon i cant continue to watch your journey without letting you know how much i admire you both. Your incredibly strong relationship and the support for each other is so beautiful. You look absolutely gorgeous Bec ❤️
Bec you are an amazing person!! You care what people say about you, what matters is how you are on the inside. All your fans love you for you. You look absoluly stunning!! Sending hugs and prayers <3
I was tearing up with you as I went through the same thing with Non Hodgkins Lymphoma. I also cut my hair first.. then when it started coming out in chunks decided to shave it. My husband shaved his too which was so sweet. It will probably grow back curly which I loved! It eventually stopped and now just a natural wave. You’re doing great! 🥰🤗
You two are so awesome. Lots of love
I've been with you two for such a long time. Your relationship and support for one another is so refreshing in a world that is in a crazy time.   Your cancer journey hits my heart in every video I watch, but you are an extremely strong woman and a gorgeous soul .   Normally, I don't comment on anything YouTube wise, but I felt compelled to this time.   I have always loved your hair and been in a stage to grow my own longer, but when I see you with your head shaved I feel as though you show courage and strength, not sickness.  You are a great inspiration for all those going through a difficult time.   Please do what you guys do best and keep your awesome vibes spreading to the internet. We all appreciate the raw content of hard ships and the gratitude you have for everything in life. ❤❤
Bec, you are one amazing, beautiful, strong woman and you have a great man beside you.  Thank you so much for sharing your journey and you are just beautiful inside and out! You have a great dog also! :)
I can't imagine going through this while doing Van life.  It's so timely that you guys have a lovely place for you to heal up it.
Bec your hair will grow back & you will iive -- come on my warrior friend you got this!!!!  That "c" word will never define you my warrior friend!  It is only a temporary situation because you are going to be moving to permanent status with no more of that "c" garbage!  I believe in your warrior sister!!!!  Remember we love you & support you 100 percent!!!!
I almost forgot, that planter and the included plant, cool gift Eamon.
It’s giving me Charlize Theron Mad Max vibes! Completely a bad ass look! You look stunning!
You look so young and edgy! Like a rock star! ❤️
You are an truly amazing woman.  You are beautiful with or without hair. And are fearless and so strong. I know what you are going through my mom had breast cancer too.  As the song “I am woman” says I am woman, I am fearless, I am sexy, I am divine you are all that and more. ❤️
So beautiful and brave... Hang in there...
Powerful stuff.    Thanks for sharing.
Keeping on moving forward!!  U got this! BOTH u guys r awesome!
Tears coming down with you. The raw emotion of what you’re showing is so real. But I’ve never seen a more beautiful bald woman. 😍 ❤️❤️
Oh, Bec… I am so sorry you’re having to go through this. You’ve got this.   You look so good with literally any hairstyle and look absolutely stunning bald. Thank you so much for sharing this journey so others going through this don’t feel so alone.   When you’re feeling rough, don’t forget you have so many people rooting for you who love you all over the world! Sending love and strength from East Tn!
You got this, Kid!
You got this 💪  I'm also a breast cancer survivor.
I agree you are a beautiful person . You have a dog there that does not care if you have hair he comes to you with love.
You’re so beautiful Bec inside and out! Silk scarves are really soft to the scalp as well and just remember to stay hydrated 🥰🥰🥰 you’re so strong! 💪🏽 💪🏽 you got this! 💕
Bec and Eamon heart is
Ok, started bawling when you mentioned you were wearing Lee's sweater.  BEC YOU LOOK SO FRICKIN AMAZING AND SEXY WITH THAT BALD HEAD!!!  Seriously.  I teach at the College level, and two of my female students shaved their heads bald this year.  It's the look girl.  And those eyelashes.  WTF with those?  You are beautiful in your soul, even more than your gorgeous face and head.  Thank you for your vulnerability and sharing this journey with everyone.  Onward to two million subs.  Love from Windsor Ontario.
Praying for you Bec.  You’re going to get thru this. ❤️
You're like GI Jane, you look great and you're strong. You're going to beat this!
Bec honey, you look gorgeous with no hair. Plus, your head is cute! Love you honey.❤️
Lmao.  Why am I taking your journey harder than you.  I cried so bad my eyes hurt.  I been watching you and Eamon for so long (from georgetown Ontario) that you guys almost feel like extended family to me and I'm so proud of you.  Love you both.
Thanks for sharing your journey! You are amazing!!!!!!!! Keep it up!!!!!!  ❤️❤️❤️
Freaking gorgeous.  Your eyes Bec!   And my young daughters are learning so so much about courage, and beauty, and compassion because you are willing to share.  Thank you.
omg i’ve never seen anyone look so natural in a wig!!!
She is amazing and strong and she looks georges
We look at the person you are and not solely on your hair.   I agree with your hubby....you look gorgeous with or without hair.
Want to make this easy for how all your subscribers feel: 💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💯💯💯💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
You two are amazing & we love you so much! Thank you for continuing to share your journey - I hope you feel the love & prayers coming back your way ❤🙏
Eamon, you rock mate, that plant pot is the coolest gift!
From watching you guys traveling through Mexico to now fighting cancer. You guys still have these amazing positive vibes no matter what. Praying for both of you ❤
looks awesome champ!  you are so much more than your hair!
What a wonderful person you are Bec....to share your journey with all of us....you look stunning with and without your hair....it doesn't define who you are....which is a very strong women....lots of hugs...
Sending big hugs and love from Texas Bec! Your rocking every look! Makes me want to go buy a head scarf!
You are so strong Bec & beautiful, take care, love Karen from Australia 🇦🇺
Cancer is so ugly, but YOU are so beautiful!
Wow guys , you are the best , my family and I are praying for you!!!!
You look like the actress that played Joanne in the hunger games! So cool
My son joined me for this weeks video. I have to say ehmon is such a great example to any partner who’s watching their love go through this hard battle. Continued prayers to you guys and everyone else going through this. ❤️ all of my love
You are so strong and such a beautiful soul and inspiration. You’re my hero Bec!! Sending all the love & good energy to you! You look beautiful & bad ass! You got this…❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Watch that 1979 Star Trek: The Motion Picture.  The hot robot looks a lot like you.  Very sexy.  You're naturally beautiful, hair doesn't change that.  Anyway, hair is coming back in a few months, will be softer than before, like when you were a kid.  Very nice.
I just have to say Bec, you look SO GOOD with a shaved head it looks so cute, and you are so strong.❤️
You are such a shining like and so brave sharing your story!! ❣️❣️❣️
You will hear this till it annoys you dear girl.... You are freaking gorgeous. No hair needed.💙🕯💙
Sorry this might sound strange but you have such a great shaped head and Eamon is so right you are beautiful hair or no hair .
You’re an incredible person Bec! So beautiful inside and out and Eamon is a rockstar 🧡 love you guys and sending my love ⭐️
Please don’t hope and stay positive. You’re hair will grow again.
Bernadine for the wig!
Look gorgeous with short hair and bald also 😘🌺 your so strong proud of you and you are such an inspiration to me ❤️ on my hardest days I think of how positive you guys are with anything that comes your way
Girl you look HOT!!! I can't even express how proud I am of you and Eamon and every one of your beautiful support team ❤
Sending prayers, positive thoughts, vibes and love to you both and to Bec's medical team. This was a very inspiring video, thank you for bravely telling your story, it will make people going through the same thing feel less alone. xoxo
I absolutely love you guys!! I cried through the whole vlog....I don't know you guys from Adam, and you have no idea who I am,but I feel like I know you as close friends....I've been following you for quite some time and the love you have for each other is unmatched...Bec, you are so inspiring and strong.....Eamon, you're the best.....keep up vlogging the journey....it is so inspiring!!
You, my dear, are even more beautiful if that's even possible. 😘
you are giving to those like you strength and hope which is not easy to impart, going through this ordeal.  I hope you feel good about this.
You are beautiful inside and out. Sending love and hugs.
You are so beautiful it’s absolutely unbelievable. You are so strong and brave to post your journey, at such a horrible f__ked time. Beware of psychological stressors, your #’s would be high due to this. Wow congratulations on 1M you are so beautiful in your special way. We all love you, be blessed with love 💕
You are strong, brave and beautiful Bec.   Some little girl who has cancer herself is watching this, and you are giving her someone to look up too.  “You don’t need hair for Love.”  Got me right in the feel goods with that, Eamon and no truer words have ever been said.  ❤️
Everyone should have an Eamon.  In good times and in tough times. Thinking of you both.
The two of you are simply amazing. Beautiful people. 💕❤️
Sending you ❤️
Sending prayers, love, and power out to anyone and everyone struggling in this life. 💖 You are not alone
Hey Guys.  I love Tokyo also.  That was a good chapter, but this chapter is great.  I'm a lesbian, I would like to say, Bec you're gorgeous to all genders.  Man if Eamon wasn't around.  mmm mmm  Haha.  Seriously, you 2 are so brave to share this very personal journey with us.  This is way past sharing your day-to-day lives on YT.  Congrats on the 1million subscribers.  When my sister went through this, same as your cancer, the hair loss was the same.  She decided, like you, when it was time to shave the rest because it upset her more seeing the loss of hair every day.  It was going to happen, so just give it a push to get on with the next step.  Bec, you are rocking the bald head with confidence and I believe it will help you in the long run, keeping positive.  My sister is good, she had reconstructive surgery right away.  My sister later gave her wig to friends and family who needed it.  She passed it around for good luck for each of the women.  Poor Oso and his cone of shame.  He rocked that too.  Love you guys. Continued good vibes, thoughts and love for your journey
Oh Bec, you look beautiful! Not that that’s any surprise. I’m a long time viewer, infrequent commenter but I had to come on here and let you know that your inner beauty is truly shining through more than ever. I can feel your empowerment and strength from here. Shine on, lady! ✨☀️
Name it the HAIRESS!!!!!!!!!!! lol, Love you Becs!! You look so adorable with short hair.♥ Please don't cry Becs, you are awesome and you got this and your gonna conquer this. I love you and think of you as a sister. I know this is hard for Eamon too, so glad you have a soul mate like him.
Bec, you shine. You would shine, wearing a black bin liner in a dark room. It must be incredibly hard to make so many adjustments, very quickly but you always shine. Lots of love to you both and your families x
Blessings to you on this life-changing journey.  I have cried throughout your vlog, you are incredibly beautiful with such a positive personality.  To have your support family and friends surrounding you is lovely to witness.  My DIL was diagnosed a few weeks ago with breast c and I have not stopped crying.  She and my son have two little ones under 5.  Watching your vlog is helpful to know what to expect for my DIL's journey.
🥰🥰💪🏼🌹🌹❤️❤️❤️🌹🌹🌹🙏🏻
This so powerful ❤️❤️ we love youuuuu.
🙏❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️
Sending tons of love from Fort Mac. I love you guys! ❤️
You two can do anything together!  You keep proving that over and over in everything you do.  Stay strong beautiful people!
Bec you are a strong and beautiful young woman. You will be stronger for this.
Hey beautiful listen to https://youtu.be/rt6bEsu-iLE ..India.Arie I'm Not My Hair on your hard days 🙂
Bec can i actually just say that you are so strong and that you look so pretty with ur shaved head..you have such a perfect head shape it looks so cool. Love you 💕💕
I know that this journey has been hard for you bec but I am so proud of how you're handling it. You are a beautiful ray of sunshine during this journey and I'm so proud of you. My mom went through the same thing, so I understand how hard it is but you're powering through this like a champ! Sending much love and support your way! You got this girl! Also, you are rocking the new do and I love it! 💕
You look so beautiful! Hugs!
I love you both!! You are young, strong and beautiful!  And Bec, you look soooooo beautiful!!!  Thank you so much for sharing, and letting us know you are ok!  My family continues to pray each day!!  Love you!!
Honey you are such a beautiful woman with or without hair. Just another adventure....
Her energy is my absolute favorite, highs and lows 😍
Man- I'm not saying this happened for a reason but covid bringing y'all home and buying the cabin and fixing it up for yourselves was clearly meant to happen! What an incredible place to spend your days healing together. Sending you many many many hugs and well wishes and good vibes <3
Dearest Bec, and Eamon...you two never cease to amaze me with the love, strength, and optimism that you both have, and your mutual support for each other. I know this sounds weird, since you are both going through this journey right now, but you two are so lucky to have what you have between you. Bec, you really are sooo cute with a shaved head!!! Your head is perfectly shaped, and it shows off your beautiful face and eyes so much more!!! I know it's weird for me to say this, since we've never met, but I really love you two... And I want to thank you for sharing your lives with an old lady from Cincinnati, and the rest of us... Love and kisses from O Hi O...  💙💜💖💜💙
All our prayers go out to back that she has a quick recovery cover love you I had a uncle who passed away from cancer so I know what you’re feeling
❤❤❤
You do look cute 🥰
I know you feel super emotional right now from everything going on, but girl you are doing your thing and looking beautiful while doing it...I picture you as badass Furiosa from mad max and just kicking ass. Much love to you guys❤️
I found your channel earlier this year and I am so inspired by your bravery and positivity Bec! And Eamon - your support throughout this entire process has been so lovely to see. I am actually from Kingston, so I am so happy to see you guys are from the area (I know you are a little bit out of town). Hope everything is going well! You guys are staying so strong. Much love to you both.
As a survivor, I know how you feel about losing your hair.  I made the decision to just cut it all off to save me the anxiety of watching it fall out in clumps.  Sending lots of hugs to you Bec!!  You look beautiful without hair 💖
Sending love to the both of you all day everyday ❤ it's understandable how change can feel so unsettling, but in the end who cares about hair, you're you and you're radiant as always 🌻
My sister is going through chemo for breast cancer 🎀 also...our prayers 🙏 go out for you.  She goes bald and like you looks awesome!
You are very beautiful with or without hair! Keep on rocking and rollin through life, you got this!
Bec kinda looks like Kara! I just keep commenting when something happends
Wow…. Wow, wow. I have always admired Bec for her positivity and strength and wow, I just don’t have words for how much respect and the absolute amazement I am in that a human can be like her. My arms are wrapped around you!
You look like one of those high end models...beautiful!  I don't think I can add much more to all the other comments..so it's just a thumbs up in agreement with them all. You both are in my thoughts with love .. <3 <3   Sorry to hear that Nate & Kara were unable to come cheer you on, but I'm sure they will try to make it again soon.
When my 16 year old daughter first cut off her hair ...Due to her Brain cancer ... I wish I had joined her and cut mine off as well... God speed 🙏🙏
Thank you for sharing during this hard times. I have two BFFS i helped go through this with. THEY like you embraced the baldness. I remember getting a call from one of them said i needed to come back over and the hair to go. GOD is with through this journey. BEC your sharing is helpi g other beautiful women. I must say you are do beautiful bald. THANKFUL  you have a partner like Eamon.
You are absolutely beautiful with the bald head.  You’re also very brave.  God bless you for your humility and to have the ability to share this very difficulty journey with others that may be going through the same thing.  God bless you.  Embrace the journey as you have done.  Appreciate Eamon you couldn’t have asked for a better husband.
Everything will get better... I hope 1 billion of your followers wish you the best
You got this bec
You look banging hot with a shaved head 🥰🥰🔥
I feel very sorry for Bec and Eamon but shes gonna look amazing with the wigs and without and Eamon has been very nice and caring for Bed
I can so relate to this. I’ve lost my hair three times now in over three years of getting chemo. Don’t ever give up! You are not alone. Praying for you. And Bec, you are so beautiful. ❤️
You do look cute with bald head plus so many woman are going bald just to show empowerment. You will fit right in…..just own it and be proud of where you are at in life. You have come a long way already. You have so much support behind you. Praying for you all. Stay strong you got this.
With your eyes and bone structure Bec, you would never be anything other than beautiful.  Sending all the best vibes possible from the UK xxx
We are here with you guys through this journey, praying with you, crying with you and we will be celebrating with you soon when you beat it!  Also you look absolutely gorgeous ♥️
Bless you sweetheart you are beautiful inside and out. Lots of love from New Zealand
You had made a comment about how surprised you were that you identified so much with your hair and the color and the length. I can absolutely understand that. Although I am not going through the Health challenge you are going through, I am older and my hair is turning a completely different color than what I was born with. I’ve always had this vibrant red hair that people would stop me in the street and comment on. I remember going through phases in which it irritated me because I wanted people to see me and not the color of my hair. But as I’m getting older and it’s fading and it’s turning more blonde and then white I was so shocked at how I identified with being a redhead. And now that I’m something different I am so happy how easy it was to just let that go and realize I am so much more than that. You are so much more than your hair, and you know that but it’s still going to be hard to mourn that loss; temporary as it is. I know you know that but I just wanted you to know that there’s a lot of us for varying reasons who can absolutely identify with the emotions tied to these external things about ourselves. Also, I love how you each check in with each other…love and friendship.
Such an incredible couple. Bec, I admire your courage to share your story. You are so strong! Eamon seems to be such a gentle, supportive partner. “You don’t need hair for love.” What a beautiful encouragement.
Bec you look incredible and punk rock with a shaved head. It shows off your incredible cheek bones!
You guys are the best thing on the internet. I laugh with you and cry with you. Eamon you're such a loving caring partner, and Bec your such a strong beautiful woman. Love you both xox
Bec, you look like Alli McGraw! Hair no hair, long wig, bob cut! YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL.
Hair does not make you beautiful. God made you beautiful. You are beautiful! God bless!
You are beautiful ❤, Im digging it. Your hair was a beautiful part of you but now that you had to go through your journey and do the tough thing getting rid of it. it doesn't change the bec vibe. thank you for sharing this journey with me. Much love 😊😄😄
You are so strong and beautifu Bec. Jesus loves you and got u Eamon truly is the best love from Trinidad 🇹🇹 💖 ❤
Bec I pray that you heal fast and so you know. You look amazing with no hair and you are a song woman!!!!! You inspire me all the time to be just as strong as you are. And Eamon is amazing for being there for you. You two are just wonderful one day I wish to meet you two. So keep it up and be the most amazing woman and man you two can be.
Bec u r an inspiration! U look beautiful no matter what and you’re heart is pure gold! Eamon thank you so much for being the best partner to Bec through this difficult journey. U truly r couples goals in every sense of the word. Bless u both!
Lee is always with you like a pair of wings to carry you in weak moments.  Submit to her love.
Love and prayers for you both♥️🤗♥️🙏🙏🙏
This video was very human and very touching.  About 2 years ago I went through a very deep depression and suicide attempt. I struggled with my body, sexuality, and beauty in general due to past SA. In recovery I decided to shave my head, I wanted to get rid of the things that made me feel like a sexual object or feel like a "pretty" girl. Shaving my head helped release me from all those negative emotions about my body and let my mind heal. I felt like even though others didn't see me as beautiful I could finally see myself as beautiful.  I had a choice, and you did not really, so maybe it wont be the same, but I hope that you can learn to love yourself even when you feel "ugly" the way I did. I hope that being disconnected from your physical beauty temporarily can give you a deeper insight and connection with your inner beauty.
Sending love to both of you😁
Still looking gorgeous!  👍🇬🇧👀
Bec you look so wonderful with or without the hair. We are here for you two. Keep the positive spirit. Eamon keep up the loving. I know this has to be hard on you too.  We’re rooting for ya!
Bec, your smile, energy and confidence is contagious! You’re a badass. Keep kicking butt.  Eamon, your support and encouragement is so wonderful to see. Make sure you are also getting the support you need, too! You’re both in this together.
You are amazing. You are brave. You are beautiful. I’m continuing to send prayers and reiki healing to you both. ❤️
What can we say about Eamon.  If someone needed to be supportive who could ask for more.  Bec it is so beautiful watching the two of you on this journey TRULY HOW LOVE CAN BE DEFINED!  You are both in my thoughts and prayers❤️🇨🇦
Healing Energy and lots of Love sent to you Both!
I sat watching this crying my eyes out for you but bec ur an amazing strong beautiful woman xxx sinead O’Connor was bald ur amazing and BEAUTIFUL xx. Love from uk 🇬🇧
Thank you for always being so vulnerable. Stunning on the inside and out. 💕💕
aw bec i know how difficult this must be for you but you are such a strong beautiful person. the way you’re always trying to look at the positive just proves how strong you are. you look beautiful with every single hair style, your shaved head, and your bald head you’ve had in this video. sending all my love <333
Love being able to be on this journey with you guys, you are so incredibly strong and empowering and such an inspiration to us all! Good Bless You, praying for your strength🙏
You truly are beautiful all ways, long, short, bald, wig, head wraps and scarves!!! Continued love, prayers and support ♡
You are beautiful bald! You have such a perfect head shape. You are totally rocking it.
You are beautiful Bec. You are strong. I first shaved my head at 15. Im 38 now and I'm planning on doing it for the 4th time. Love to you both xx
I have loved you two since I started watching you years ago.  You have only made me love you more.  May every thing go well.  You are both beautiful.
You’re such a badass, Bec!!! You should both be SO proud of yourselves for your strength and vulnerability. You’ve got this!! Sending so much love from Van <3 xx
You are a warrior. And absolute warrior. Thank you for sharing your journey. It can't be easy. Sending you love, light, and lots of positive energy! ❤️
I just spent this whole vlog crying and being so proud of you both . Bec you are so gorgeous,  I mean really stunning . I’m praying for your quick healing and an great results . Emon you are the best partner , what an angel. Love you both 🙏🏽❤️
thank you so much for sharing!
I hade a Ewing sarcoma about 10 years ago and watching your journey is bring back a lot of memories. From the red chemo we called the red devil to loosing my hair. I hope hearing I got though it brings you encouragement that you can to.
I LOVE YOU GUYS!!
Bec, thank you for sharing your journey. You are a beautiful, brave warrior and I appreciate you sharing all of your vulnerable moments. I think you are an amazing human being. You and Eamon have a beautiful love story and I think Oso has come into your life at the perfect time. You are in my thoughts and sending you all the love and positivity. 💕
Thank you for keeping it real. Bec you are a bad ass! You look beautiful
see hair is so over rated love it n your more beautiful
Bec, You are beautiful both externally as well as internally. I can only imagine how difficult it was to cut and then shave your head but your positive attitude carried you through. Sending love and prayers ❤️
well i know it doesnt matter very much but I think you are stunning
Bec, there is such a beautiful aura of light around you & Eamon. Thank you for sharing your very personal journey of strength with us!🌺🌈🌺 We are so grateful to you both!!!!
G.I Jane badass vibes you are so couragous and beautiful! Eamon is a sweet man!
YASSSSSSS ❣️ Bec you are fire 🔥 YOU CAN DO HARD THINGS and you inspire me to also do hard things 🤲🏻 THANK YOU!
My heart is with you! I usually don’t comment, but I want you to know you are both in my prayers! God Bless!
I couldn’t pull off a shaved head but YOU are ROCKING it!!!! You are BEAUTIFUL! ❤️
God bless you 🙏
Oh my heart. You are both incredibly beautiful.
Girl, you wear it well. Sending so much love to both of you.
I'm ugly crying and laughing. Love you both so much
Bec you are an incredible person and an incredible couple
I cried with you💕 you got this Bec
We all strive for Bec’s courage and we all long for an amazingly sensitive &  supportive partner as Eamon.   So very proud of you!  🍃💗🍃
Bec, I have a bump on my head….it’s a “fat” deposit!!! I have shaved my head twice, fully bald and I loved it. It’s so freeing, I was worried about my ‘flawed’ skull but it has passed.  You are 100% right people assume that you are sick
Hey Bec I was just the opposite of you with my journey, I was all gunho, I was gonna be cool.  Then the day came when I had to shave my head and as my husband was shaving me I cried like a baby.  We all go thru it.  And your right bald is beautiful,  you look fantastic.    Take care💗
I’d like to reiterate, you are so beautiful bald! I’m sure there are some additional tough times off camera but oh my lord you are so strong!
Your still beautiful ok
Bec your soul is beautiful, so that makes you beautiful. Losing my hair in my early 30s was devastating for me. Went to Hair Club for Men and paid $217 a month to have a toupee glued to my head. Total nightmare. I have been rocking a shaved head for the last 2 decades, Bec rock that shaved head look. I saw Kara cut her hair, for you before watching this. Love her new look. Love you guys, stay strong.
You are beautiful with or without hair! ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love you both so much!💕💜
You are GORGEOUS. Inside and outside. With or without hair. Sending you both tons of LOVE.
Be strong fight don't let this bring down you are a brave beautiful adventurous woman fight
You are absolutely beautiful and make bald look damn good, Bec!!! Sending so much love to you both! ❤️
I am watching this video and bawling my eyes out. You rock the bald head Bec. Love you, stay strong. This journey couldn't have been with a better partner by your side. Eamon is your sunshine 🌞
🥺🥺🥺🥺
Bangs, Bob, Bald; Bec you are BEAUTIFUL in all stages of your journey!  Thank you so much for your vulnerability and for sharing your life.  Your positive attitude and the love you surround yourself with will get you through this, and your story will help others in multitudes.  💜
You are stunning Bec!  And Eamon you are a partner every man should strive to be.
omg it looks AWESOME should of just shaved it I  thefirst place
Bec you have such a beautiful face you can pull off any look, and Eamon isn't just saying it, you look totally rad! I'm also so in awe of your strength and spirit, thank you for sharing this experience with us. Sending all the healing energy your way <3
😭 I’m crying with u sweetie! Be strong! U got this! Sending tons of love ❤️ hugs and prayers. New singer of Eurythmics🎤👩🏻‍🦲
THANK YOU for being so brave and sharing your journey. You are so a beautiful woman and Eamon is an angel helping you through it all. I truly believe you are a warrior and have shown such strength. Lee would be proud of you and would be supporting you, love your beauty!!!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL BEC!  Your strength shined through the whole video. I cried with you, thank you for sharing your journey with us.   Eamon is so supportive and it really shows.
Your beauty shines from the inside Bec🥰 no matter what, you are always fabulous.  Sending you tons of positive energy and love 💘
Bec you're rocking that shaved head look! Truly, I think you should keep it even when your hair grows back!
You guys are beautiful ♥️
You look like Eleven from stranger things! Super cool and beautiful. My heart is filled with so much warmth and love watching you two on this journey. You are so brave and powerful and Eamon is being an amazing supportive partner. Love to both of you.
Listen bec you beautiful with or without your hair and no matter what we are here with you we love you ❤😊🤗😇
our hair  amebavk I  white like old lady bright white itsjust hair remb it's just hair no big deal
Bec you look awesome!!!! And so grateful for eamon for taking such good care of you!
Awww sweet Bec!! You look gorgeous always 💖 But thank you for sharing such an incredibly intimate, and for that moment, self conscious experience. I wanted so badly to reach out and just give you a hug! You’ve got this chica!!! 🙌🏻♥️
you look so beautiful with all the different hairstyles you've tried, for real 💛
Bec I kid you not I have a mole just like yours in almost the exact same spot! You look beautiful :) Also, the cap with the hair attached looks awesome!
You look amazing! You guys are so strong! Also I can not wait to see the beautiful wig yours and Eamon’s hair makes! That is a very cool option to have! Praying for a wonderful and fast recovery!
So very brave, so incredibly beautiful, so seriously badass!
Beautiful strong and a badass girl! You can do this !!!
You are gorgeous inside and out!  ❤️
Having a wig is about what you live, BUT yet having fun with it! You should and can change the colors and have fun with it.
Sending love to you guys… ❤️❤️❤️
Omg Eamon...the freaking cutest. And Bec..wow...insane rockstar you are
I couldn't stop crying whilst watching this video! But remember you're a strong beautiful woman and you're not defined by your hair !! Wishing you all the best <3
bec you are freaking amazing!!! you rock whatever you wear. i went shopping the other day and  i went through your channel to get a bit of insporation you look so so so good i love looking forward to watching you guys channel every sunday!
I've thought you were really pretty, but there are a bazillion really pretty girls.  I was not prepared for the stunning transformation.  Your face, your head, you were meant to be bald.  You are just so, so gorgeous without hair.  Don't ever grow it back
Im so sorry to hear that Kara And Nate were unable to come and visit you. Hope they come and see you soon
You look amazing no matter what. I wish you the best of luck throughout your cancer journey and soon to be cancer free. I love you go so much and I can't wait to see you grow. I will continue watching your videos :)
You are absolutely beautiful!  I’m praying for both of you going through all this.
call me crazy but i like you better bald and + You're beautiful no matter what
Bec you look absolutely beautiful bald. Eamon you are an amazing support for her during this time. Sending love and prayers your way. ❤
You are beautiful 😍
Congratulations on reaching 1M keep it going guys and stay strong everything is gonna be fine.🙏😍🎊🎉🥳
Oh my goodness Becca your amazing, you are someone who can wear your hair anyway and you look beautiful. My love and hugs, hugs and more hugs are coming your way. This journey is so hard but your so strong and positive. I continue to pray for both of you, thank you for keeping us informed. I come here to tell you your beautiful, kind, positive and most of all incredible ♥️🌹 Congratulations on the million that’s huge♥️🌹
The love you and Eamon have for each other and your two beautiful spirits shine to light up this world, Bec. So glad you have Eamon (and I am sure many friends and family) to reflect back to you that your beauty is not defined by your (admittedly lovely) hair. Praying you heal quickly and with as much ease as possible.
welcome you without hair wete not here for your hair. prayers
Bec, you really are beautiful no matter the hairstyle. You are so strong, vulnerable & full of kindness and beauty. Thanks so much for sharing your journey and being so real. I love you guys! P.S. Eamon you're a rockstar partner ❤️❤️
Honestly Bec you can really pull off the bald look
Just simply want to say as a YouTube viewer, I not only admire love, love, and support you Bec, but also equally admire,  love, and support you, Eamon, for you as you journey with your Buddy. Hope you ALL are getting the support at all times but also at this timE. To you both...🫂
❤️❤️❤️❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
Bec!!!!! You're unbelievably beautiful!!!! and incredibly strong !!!!! Love you both!!! Stay strong 💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
Eamon is such #partnergoals though. I think we need a video from his perspective and how he stays so strong to support Bec! Sending healing thoughts. Always look forward to getting an update from you guys.
I have a friend who is just at this stage with her breast cancer treatments as well.  She didn't think she was as attached to her hair either.  I saw her last week for the first time without her hair.  She was beautiful and strong.  So are you.  Physically beautiful and spiritually.  Be well Bec.
i remember losing my hair with chemo..it will come back luv.  Hugs to youxxxx
Bec you really suit both short and long hair you still look lovely,but I’m happy you have your own special wig with both yours  and Eamons  hair you are a brave girl going through what you are at your age God bless.
Also you look SO beautiful with no hair WOW
Bec you're beautiful no matter what. Love your videos and I wish you both well on your journey. You got this!
It’s literally incredible knowing you 2 found each other all those years ago as we all think you are perfect ! If the world was full of Eamon & Bec’s it would be a fabulous one! Inspiring and incredible! You will beat this!😍😍
Dearest Bec, you are so brave and you shine a light  for how to deal with adversity. Eamon is right you look empowered, brave, honest and beautiful with a shaved head. Sending you all the positive thoughts I can muster. Best wishes Russ xx
Bald is beautiful, girl. And you have tipped the scales we are all on this journey with you and Eamon XXX
You are rocking the look Bec. Eamon you are awesome
You're amazing gal!!
I don't know if they told you, but when your hair grow back, it maybe a different texture and color than it was pre-chemo. My color is close to what it had been but it's softer and curly now. I count it as a bonus for powering through. I'm a 15 year survivor who sees the world through a different lens now. I am so much stronger but more importantly, my perception of what matters is much clearer. You are in my thoughts and prayers daily.
Not sure if you guys are fans of Schitt's Creek, but if you are I think Moira would be a fun name for a wig.
Your face, smile and attitude is what makes you hot.... Not your hair
hairette  goodname
beautiful with or without hair
You are not defined by your hair Bec, you are just beautiful as you are. Eamon you have to be the funniest and strongest support for Bec, stay strong you two you are just amazing. Take Care & Stay Strong, Hugs UK
I pray for you both every night and think about you often <3 Love you guys. Thank you for taking us on this (and all) your journeys with us. We care about you and want to feel with you. <3
I know it broke Nate and Kara’s heart to miss their visit with you. As a chronically ill and disabled person, I appreciate the authenticity of the way you are sharing your journey. You are amazing partners to each other. I’m so sorry that you are going through this! But being able to support you just by watching your videos (and by sending love and prayers your way) is wonderful.  It also makes me feel less alone in my journey. Thank you 😊
You literally look amazing with long hair or no hair.
Seriously… you fucking rock this. I don’t understand how all phases of hair genuinely look so good
You are AMAZING! You have a wonderful support system.
You are beautiful!❤️
While I was watching, my 5 year old son noticed Bec crying, and asked me what was wrong. We’ve now had a conversation about cancer, chemo, and some of the side effects. We are also both sending you light, love, and most importantly, healing for Bec.
I didn’t think you could be any more beautiful, but the bob, the shaved head and now the bald head, you rock them all.  My heart is breaking for you both right now, thank you for sharing your journey with the people that you share your lives with, the people who love you and feel part of your life xxx
EAMON IS GOALS!
Watching you guys is so good for my soul, you guys are amazing 😻
Damn you guys!!!  I mean holy shit you are both so amazing and your love is such a joy to watch!  Eamon- you doing OK pal?  You are a rock.  Take care of yourself too.  I've never me you guys and I probably never will, but I this old broad loves you and supports you with all my heart!!!
I didn't have to go through the long process of hair loss. It was all shaved off during my brain surgery. I was more concerned about the cancer than the hair. When I got home, I decided to rock the bald head. Eye make up and earrings were my new favorite things. You look great! Keep on rocking!
Wow, thanks for sharing such an emotional and powerful journey. You have so much grace.
I know you're going to hear this from all your many subscribers, but you look awesome!! You look bad ass and you can totally rock this look.
Continuing to pray for you both. Thank you for sharing your journey. So brave 💪💕!
You might also be identified as Buddhist.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. Both of you are just so incredible,  just know both of you are loved by all of us! ❤️❤️
That was supposed to say you look great Bec and Eman.
You look great with all of the styles. You rock!!!
Bec ... you look bad ass !  Good job guys .
you are both stunning...inside and out! such bravery to share your journey
Bec you look amazing!!!
You’ve got this Bec. You’ve got this! And you look absolutely beautiful 🙂 💕
First of all you definitely HAVE built a RAD space on the internet and I'm so grateful to have found you.    I have never smiled, laughed and cried so much during a video.  Thank you for sharing your beautiful story and lives with us!   Continuing to send all the love, good vibes and prayers to you!   You've both truly never been more beautiful people, inside and out.   Your beauty and light within shines so bright!  <3 <3 <3
🤍🤍🤍 love u both guys...
Bec your karma, braveness, vulnerability, honesty and spirit are the most inspiring and courageous moments I have seen. You are so brave and so loved!! Eamon! I am a caregiver and please know you are just as inspirational and brave!  Love to you both!!! All my good thoughts are going your way.
<< breast cancer nurse. I don't mean to blow smoke up your butt, but...You have a great shaped head!! the hair will grow back and perhaps even curly....you got this girl! and a great cheer leader in Eamon and that cute pup!
He's not lieing, hair DOESNT define beauty, who you are, how you treat others define beauty! Any issues others have is just that THEIR ISSUES!
remember it's just hair who cares . I'd rather have you alive with no hair then sick with hair. cancer sucks
You look beautiful I love both of you and am praying for your healing we cry with you when you cry laugh with you when you laugh know that we are all here for you
You're gorgeous and strong. This was so raw and real. Thank you for sharing. 💗
Thanks for sharing this journey with us.  You got this.
You look great back your name and are really inspirations. I wish you all the luck in the world
We Love you guys...your in my PRAYERS Always!!!!!
Bec…..Your external features may be judged on a scale of beauty but your actions are the truest scale of beauty, and girl you’re fudging GORGEOUS!!!!!! FACT.
Have you thought about preemptively microblading your eyebrows just in case? So they will match your natural brows?  You look ✨gorgeous✨ Bec!
From one cancer survivor to another, prayers love and positive vibes. You got this! 🙏❤️❤️
ONE MILLION SUBS!! Amazing. A THRIVING couple. Amazing. ❤️
Thanks for sharing your recovery journey! I’ve been recovering from a stroke and although they are different, I’m finding such inspiration in your story. Sending you healing and loving thoughts. You’ve got this, Bec! 💕
Bec you are amazing and beautiful.
We love u. Hair will grow
sending so much love your way Bec ❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful inside and out! I admire your honesty and strength and am sending all positive vibes your way💖
Much love ❤️many blessing!!!
It is crazy how well she can pull off being bald at first I didn't know how it would look and that it would take time to get used to but she looks like she's been bald her entire life it looks that good it looks weird to see her with her wig on because she really is rocking being bald so well.
You look beautiful, love from Indonesia
Bec U look like Snead O'connor. U look great
You're beautiful inside and out Bec! And you also have the perfect shaped head to be bald:) You're gonna come out the other side of this stronger than you ever knew possible! And everyone going through this should be as lucky to have someone like Eamon by their side. Much love from Puerto Rico 🤍🤍🤍
You look amazing 😍 your both inspiring from the view as the patient and as a caregiver. Sending love from wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 ♥️♥️
Bec, you are so strong.
I send you both and your families/friends so much love, light, and healing!  You are so brave Bec to share all of your raw emotional journey through your healing process and may not realize it, but I am sure you are helping and inspiring others who are going through a challenge and that is beautiful, just like you. :-) Much love and may you be restored to your most perfect health quickly, and in all ways! Prayers for you sweetie! :-)
This was so hard to watch, I have followed you for a few years now & Love All that You do, the Beauty of your Love for each other & Thank You for sharing w all of us your journey❤you are def Loved❤So Happy you have each other❤stay strong both of You, I will keep You in my prayers🙌may God Bless You & keep You safe,& Heal You completely in Jesus Name.big Hug.
When I went in the Navy....they made me look like you ....for many months. Guess what, it grew back. Fight the cancer.... whatever it takes.
Bec it’s so courageous for you to share this journey. Thank you for sharing 💕🎗
My respect for your relationship has grown so much seeing this. I strive to show my partner the level of love and support you two show each other. ❤️
You are so beautiful Bec. Nothing can take away from that. With love and support  ❤️
You are  a strong and beautiful  warrior fighting a battle that has already been won, you just have to walk the steps to get there. This is what I told my husband when we went through his cancer, it was scary but we made it through. Eamon I know how hard it can be as a partner and supporter to your spouse, you are amazing and Bec is very lucky to have you with her through this hard time. Keep going guys, sending you all the healing vibes 🙏🏼😊
Love and hugs. 😊❤️
Name your wig after Lee ❤️❤️❤️
you look so beautiful
I did not want to watch this, but I am glad I did. Eamon’s support is so lovely to see. Love you two. Wishing you all the best.
Congrats on your milestone! I love watching you guys every week! You are both so brave to share this very emotional time with all of us. Keep up the great fight, and keep being awesome!💌
Bec why haven't you become a model yet???? Your look is adaptable and you look stunning either way! Lee is here with us all telling us to be strong. You got this girl and look forward to all these other wonderful things in your life.
Bec, you look like the f***ing warrior that you are! you rock the look!
You took the non-vegan toxic (not vegan) jab that and now you're taking mustard gas now...are you in complete denial with TRUE health principles?  I'm not saying this to be mean, I'm saing to poin to the fact and you lack SERIOUS re-education, you still hold on to the lies of the system that indoctrinate you and that is harming you. Stop trusting "authorithies" for your health. There's documented cancer cures out there (gerson therapy, essiac, cds/mms, cannabis oil, whole food pb, etc), you would think I wouldn't need to say that to a vegan but who are who's supposed to have uncovered all of that, yet here we are. Chaos is emerging in your life because something is not in order. Is it nutrition, emotions, that's for you to introspect on and explore.  Hope my comment trigger some reflections, only you have the answers.  Wish you well and a speedy recovery.
Wow, what a powerful video . Powerful because you are so brave to share this journey with all of us. After watching this video I realize that I am not sad that you lost your hair because you showed us that step by step you became more and more beautiful . It made me sad when you were sad but again you showed us that your hair was just along for the ride, but it doesn't define who you are and although sad when it left you ,it took with it your insecurities it seems. Many many Blessings to you Bec and to the Good Man by your side Emon! Your a Bad Ass! You got this!
Praying for you Bec! 🙏🏻
Your so brave Bec! Hugs love!
Admire your strength so much. Stay strong and know that you are loved by all.
Bec you are so brave for sharing your journey. I pray a speedy healing for you. Amon you are a jewel, God bless you for being her support ❤️
You're beautiful no matter what! Sending love and healing vibes 🧡🙏🙏wishing all the best!
Bec, truly, you suit a shaved head. You’re so beautiful and thank you for being who you are.❤️
You’re beautiful no matter what Bec! You both are amazing human beings! Sending so much love!❤️
You are right:  you DO look good bald.  But that bob looked absolutely stunning on you.  It made your neck look long and elegant and highlighted your pretty jawline - in short, you looked like a Paris model!  Very chic!  Something to consider when your hair grows back.
This is such a raw experience… Eamon, you are amazing… of course Bec, your doing a wonderful job sharing this journey..✨🙏✨
My prayers go out to you for a full recovery. I commend you for sharing this process with all of us.     When this is over, you will have it to reflect how strong you were when your emotions being so strong to realize it. Hugs and love to you and Eamon. ♥️♥️
Bless you, Bec…you look beautiful and you are such an inspiration for others going thru your same path….Eamon, what a sugar you are tooo…..sending healing love…
All I can say it sucks that you have lost your hair, my Dad's sister (my aunt) is going through cancer treatment as well, my Mum found out from her cousin that her uncle was told that my Grandfather had lung cancer (it had spread and he was in his 80's and decided not to have treatment), also my sister-in-law just lost her father to cancer so now my nephew's have only my father as a grand father left.  So yeah cancer affects a lot of different people.
I think I read once that  human hair actually holds memories from our past. When some people are going through a major shift in their lives they can feel like they want to cut their hair off as part of letting go of past memories that no longer serve them.  Don’t quote me but I think I read something like this…So it makes sense in a way that you feel attached to your hair, perhaps for a deeper reason then just the visual attachment. But.. on a positive note, think of all the room for new memories that you will make when your new hair grows back :) I think u are so strong and brave. Sending healing positive light to you ✨
I've said it before and I'm saying it again. Beck is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Inside and outside.
Bec you are SO BEAUTIFUL with or without hair!! Sending strength and love
You are so brave to share your cancer adventure, Eamon your such a rock for Bec .You two show  real love and seaport for each other .
I didn't even notice that you had so many subscribers until you said you hit a mln. I haven't been following for very long but i want to say you both ROCK!!!! Gorgoeus poeple too.. Good luck on your cancer journey and after that your recovery,. I will follow along and will be thinking about you all the way from Holland xxx kisses..
You are so beautiful no matter what your hairstyle!
I know it’s not the same, but in 2015, my son and I shaved our heads in honor of a friend who was going through chemo!  It was hard giving up my hair and all the comments from people about my hair!  I will say, you look way better than I did with a shaved head!
Bec and Eamon., I see my comment is #7999 (wow)  so hopefully you will see this. I'm sure there's nothing more I can add to give you assurance of how truly amazing you both are. I am sending all the positivity and good vibes I have, with a side dish of healing juju, up into the Universe, Special Delivery to you. I love you both so much. You are in my  daily prayers. <3  PS: Congrats on the FIRST Mill ! Luv ya's!!!
You look stunning Bec, with AND without hair. I shaved my mother's hair for her on her healing journey. It was emotional. I'm so glad you have each other. Sending all my love and good thoughts your way. 💗💗💗
Beautiful and remind me of Sinéad O'Connor and the girl of Empire Record. I should be grateful of all I have.
Omg so cute but when my mom started to lose her hair it was the worst because she was confident with her hair and when she did lose her hair her confidents went away. But after a long time her hair has just started to grow back and ever day we see it get longer and it just signifies that this is coming to an end. So just a few days ago my mom went for her scan and she has no more breast cancer in her but now it’s the month of radiation ever day but it’s the finale stretch but the thing that my mom has been in love with day one is acupuncture. It will come back but ur journey has just begun and it teaches u life lessons on the way but you guys will be just fine. Allegra 12 years old
1st of all you're earthy/minimalist esthetic goes with long, short, pixie or even bald, so I knew you were gonna look good. plus thank God you have a great shaped head!! Also if you're still bald by summer I can't wait to see how your fashion style evolves!! ✨️ shine on Bec.. what can't you overcome!?! 🥰
Bec, you are beautiful and so inspiring.🪴You are a wonderful couple. 💕Lots of love. Sending hugs and prayers.🪴🪴🪴🪴🪴(and plants!) 🪴🌳🌴🌱🪴🪴🪴🪴
I have alopecia and I 100% understand xxxx
I've been watching your channel for quite a while. It's hard for me to watch this part of your journey, but I just wanted to say you look truly beautiful. Thank you for being a light.
You are beautiful!!  I love the short hair cut!!!  Stay strong and take one day at a time.  All my love!
Bec, you are so strong ! I literally cried the whole way through your hair cut … I felt your pain & I don’t even have cancer I felt every ounce of your feelings… your so strong ❤️ I know to some .. it is “just hair, & it’ll grow back” but to some of us women who take such pride in our hair it means a lot to us . It can sometimes even define us & our pride…. we spend years growing it & nurturing it with vitamins , the right shampoos/ products , foods, even the right amounts of heat , down to the type of brush we use… so to some of us our hair is everything ! & to loose it so fast in the matter of days/hrs/minutes it means everything because we spend a lifetime carrying so much for it & finding the best ways to care for it just like we do our bodies & to not have that control over it can be so sad… so don’t ever feel bad for crying over something that means so much to you ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥💓💓💓❣️❣️💖💖. Your so strong bec you have taken this on like a champ. 🤍🤍 I’m rooting for you 😇😇👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼 . Your such an inspiration even to someone who doesn’t have cancer . You’ve shown the worst of things down to the saddest things down to the things we should always be greatful for 💙💙 I wish you nothing but the best 😇❤️❤️👏🏼👏🏼
I didn’t watch your previous videos it breaks my heart watching you .I am so proud of you Beck
Yes you are beautiful
Bec you look so friggin hot with short hair!!!
Praying for you 2. Love from the Philippines 🇵🇭
Looking good Bec, you make me want to shave my head again. There’s nothing like the feeling of a shower spray in a shaved head 🤗
My heart goes out to both of you❤
To hair is human, no hair is divine.
GORGEOUS!! I’m inspired to shave my head!! You look incredible 😍
Thank you for taking us along on your journey. Just know this Canadian living in Thailand is sending you positive thoughts and prayers
Your hair is not your essential. YOU are your essential.  Priority 1: Fight Bec!  Fight this disease!  What ever happens NOW with your looks is really just a minor thing.  People LOVE you and people will support you with and without hair and what ever comes on your path..  It really does not matter!     Once you are healthy again you will be the star you are and by then also like you were before.  But it is just looks.  It does not alter who you are.
Bec, you are slaying it! Our hair does not define us; short or long or none at all we are strong and we are sending you all our Love! Thank goodness for Eamon and his humor and joy. Beautiful with how much you are going through at the end you checked in with him, bless you and stay strong!
I cried when you had to cut your hair, watching you lose your hair, seeing the wig on you that looked so close to your natural hair and how cute the beanie looked on you after Eamon shaved your head. You look so gorgeous and edgy bald! As painful as it is to live through, it’s been amazing to watch one of my favourite couples be their loving and strong selves for each other. I’m so proud of you both! All my love and sunshine vibes ❤️☀️❤️
YOU ARE AMAZING. I mean I know you’re Bec and you’ve always been so powerfully optimistic but watching you just crush every step of this is ridiculously moving. We’re rooting for you. Thank you for being so vulnerable with us. ❤️
You are so beautiful with or without hair. You are so strong and such an inspiration with such a wonderful spirit. You got this! Prayers and goodvibes to the both of you on this journey. 🙏
I just see STRONG ❤️
Oh no, I hit dislike but I DEFINITELY DIDNT MEAN TO! Loving the videos and seeing your journey. Thanks so much for sharing and so MUCH LOVE TO YOU!
Bald is BEAUTIFUL.  You are BEAUTIFUL.  🦋💟☮️🦋
I'm so touched by your journey. I've been subscribed for a few years and am stoked by all the love you've received by your followers (new and old). You're so strong Beck ! Lot's of love and positive energy xx
I understand how hard it is to lose the hair because more than anything it is a visual confirmation of the illness and struggle against cancer.  It is so hard to see yourself in the mirror with this thing that happened and you can’t ignore. But you could also eventually spin it around to show yourself how much of a warrior you are Bec! It’s like a large scar on your body, you can either spin that it is ugly or you can gab hold of your inner self and tell yourself the words that you would say to someone you love like Eamon if he had to go through this.  We all believe as subscribers of your channel how incredibly strong, positive, kind, giving, incredibly beautiful inside and out!  Thank you for your transparency but also your sweet spirit that adds life to those around you. Much love ❤️ to you and Eamon. Warm hugs!
Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out. Your sunshine and personality beams through. Sending so much love to both of you, every day. 💛
So Sinead   Beautiful x
Looking good Bec, you make me want to shave my head again. There’s nothing like the feeling of a shower spray in a shaved head 🤗
Bec you are absolutely beautiful and I must say your balled head is so beautiful! And I know this might sound weird but you have a wonderful head shape. Thinking about you always. Sending so much love <3
Sending love and support to you both!
when you said you’re wearing lees sweater to feel strong.. TEARS 😭
Praying for you and Eamon. Thank you for sharing this extremely hard journey.  I hope Eamon knows that he’s been amazing, strong and positive!  Keep hanging in there you two! 🙏❤️🙏❤️
So much love and hugs to you bec 💜
You are amazing ,and you look so beautiful. You go girl.❤️❤️
Bec you are beautiful and strong woman! Sending much love and prayers to both
How about a big shoutout to Eamon who is supporting Bec throughout this whole ordeal. They are so good for each other it is a beautiful thing to see. Praying for you Bec to find the strength you need to continue your treatment. Much love to you y’all. 😘🥰
Stop letting your hair define who you are.  IT IS JUST HAIR.
With or without that hair Bec is beautiful... with or without the wig she is stunning... ur personality shines through everything... keep being beautiful Bec...😍❤
I didn't know you lose your eyelashes to. But you do look good bald or with short hair. You guys are such a lovely couple and I know Eamon loves you and he will never just say something to make you feel better if he didn't mean it. Stay Strong Bec you will get through this and look back on these days.
Bec you’re beautiful! Eamon is such a great supporting partner! I love you guys, sending lots of love your way ❤️
I love you Bec. Your inner beauty shines through and is much more beautiful than your hair ever will be. I just want to give you the biggest hug and cry with you. xoxoxo you do look awesome like a you d beautiful Demi Moore when she shaved her head. You rock it!!!!! Eamon you’re awesome for being there for Bec. It’s beautiful 😍
So raw, and beautifully vulnerable. Thank you for sharing such an intimate journey ❤️
So many things to say, I don’t have the words. But we love you and we’re here for you. Bec you look like a model 😍
You are cute with short hair💕
Beautiful, inside and out
All you need is love 💕
Hey Bec, you look amazing without and with hair. Being bold due to chemo isn't a weakness it is a strength. I love how you share your journey. I think you and Eamon are amazing in this difficult time. You both are an inspiration for me to keep going and do better. I wish you all the best and luck in the world. With love Rebecca aka Becks
I’m not sure if this helps, but as someone who hasn’t been touched closely by cancer (which I know is SUCH luck omg) I don’t even think cancer these days when I see a bald lady. I think DAMN I wish I had the confidence to rock a shaved head! It’s SO beautiful and bad ass and omg I just LOVE the way you look no matter what but you do absolutely rock it.   Not that our external experiences truly matter when it’s all said and done, but I know for each individual person it can really matter. So I hope all this support from everyone makes you feel as strong as we all know you are.
Losing my hair after chemo really hit home and that’s when I realized just how sick I was. But it does grow back and it grows back thicker and healthier and in my case it grew back curly. My eyebrows and eyelashes fell off too. That was 13 years ago and sometimes I have to remind myself of everything I went though. I feel for you and I support you every step of the way. Hang in there you are a stronger than you know! 💖🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
Short hair don't care
You look like a prettier Demi Moore (when her head was shaved).  Bec, your hair will grow back, enjoy the spring & summer with short hair.  Hugs.
Honestly, the moment I saw Bec with a shaved head I thought "Oh my gosh she looks like a model". Keep being strong! You inspire us all. Sending lots of love ❤️
Bec you’re a👏🏼beauty👏🏼queen For real who looks like that bald?! Gorgeous❤️❤️❤️
Must be sad to see big chunk of your beautiful hair falling off quickly…you still look so beautiful Bec. Much love and healing to you. ❤️❤️
I am 64  and was just diagnosed with Breast cancer, and I  know exactly how you feel as I will be losing my hair as well! ❤️🙏
Stay strong!
You look incredibly without hair ALSO just imagine all the bad ass pictures you’ll be able to show your kiddos!!  You’re such a strong woman and you’ll beat the shit out of this. We’re here for you 🤍
You two are in my heart and on my mind. May the blessings be. 🦋💟☮️🦋
Absolutely stunning!
You’re both so amazing, and I love that you were wearing Lee’s sweater. She is definitely fighting this battle with you from the other side ✨💜I also would like to know what happened to Oso’s cone 😂 was he just wanting to be free or what?  He is so cute.
The fact that you Eamon & Bec inspire me during your toughest time in life says so much about your soul🤍 I love you guys!
my mom was just diagnosed with colon cancer a month ago. watching what you're going through makes it feel even more real and kinda prepares me for what she'll be going through. i enjoy watching your videos and im routing for you<3 i know that everything is going to be okay. you've got this bec
I praise you for your strength, and for your husbands. You are so beautiful, thank you for sharing your journey with us 💖 You got this girl!
You look absoultley stunning Bec! Thank you for sharing all these intimate moments, you are so strong and inspiring. You're really kicking Cancer's butt!
How can you also have the PERFECT head shape!! You look so hot girl❤️ thank you for sharing this journey with us sending all my love
You are so amazing and so inspiring
you’re so pretty , Bec. for real. honestly.
Name your wig John, because the name Rambo is already taken by you. You are an absolute badass and never stop being you. We are all rooting for you two!! <3
Eamon you are doing such a wonderful job! But it’s okay to have your down days too and lean on each other!
I m a Buddhist monk n I m personally affect because of your kindness n I pray for ur recovery
💖💖💖💖💖💖👩‍🦲💖💖💖💖💖💖 WE ARE HERE FOR THE BALD CUTENESSSITYYYY YESSSSS!!!
Vibes! & Love.
Oh Bec 🤗 you have got this. You look beautiful.
OMG you are so beautiful . You rock a shave head look ! ❤️💜❤️💜
You look Beautiful! Blessings
I'm laughing and crying during the shaving segment. And, Eamon's manic desire to make it okay.  When I had cancer and chemo, I thought I could be more Zen about the hair loss.. I could not.  I didn't get over the bald head - I looked like a syphilitic old man.  Thankfully it did grow back.  Thnaks for sharing your journey through this challenging journey - transformative journey.
I absolutely love you with short hair! You look amazing!
You are absolutely BEAUTIFUL ❤️
It will always grow back (and it will be silky soft)That's the sweetest gift ever! You've been on some journeys, but this one is by far, the best? The farthest? I appreciate your sharing the most of all.
Bec you could rock anything 🥰and Eamon “ you don’t need hair for love’ awesome you’re a totally unbelievable partner, your both brave and beautiful love you xx
Bec you're beautiful!
Continuing to pray for both of you. Bec you are a warrior. Aemon your total support of her is beautiful.  Such a beautiful couple, such strong love. So happy to be a member of your YouTube family. YOU ROCK! Hang tough and cling to one another. Bec you are beautiful  with or without hair. Your beauty from within shines brightly.
Two very beautiful souls!
What a beautiful soul you are, Bec. You are so strong and inspiring. ❤ And it's evident how much Eamon loves you. It's truly touching to see how supportive he is through this journey.
HUgs Bec ... :)
Your so strong bec and you have such an amazing partner who helps you
Hi! i just wanted to say that you are so beautiful bec. I have decided from following your journey and having many family members go through the same process, I am going to trim my hair to nice and healthy and grow it out until I have as long as it takes for me to donate it. Thank you for being such an inspiration to all. you are so loved and appreciated!
Bec you are such a beautifull soul! Beauty really comes from within. You are going to overcome these hard times with your beautifull attitude towards it! Stay Well Love❤
YOU LOOK SO GOOD holy moly
OF COURSE Bec would look amazing as a baldie! 💝
You rock a bald head!! Gorgeous!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Keep shining, loving ……. ☘️🌷🌿🍄🌈🐁🌙🍀💜🌷
You look ahhhmazing!!!
<3
Awwww my heart!!!! Bec you look soooo Beautiful bald wow your sooo very strong and it looks great on you. I know the hair means a lot but fr bald is the new beautiful. 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰  You look so good. Your so strong keep fighting sweet women you got this!! ♥️❤️♥️❤️♥️
you are beautiful inside and out. you have one of the most amazing heart.
Bec you look amazing with a shaved head. Stunning! And I'm so impressed and awed at how genuine and raw these vlogs are. I know it's helping so many people. I hope it's cathartic for you to share too. Sending you love xx
You are so pretty with any type of hair. Your so beautiful
Keep smiling beautiful
If you want some good bald head inspo Jeana Turner is the best. She has alopecia. She also has a fantastic wig company that includes eyebrow wigs.
You’re great guys! Bec, you’re strong and so beautiful. You can with that and much more! came on girl power!!! And Eamon, you’re the best boyfriend ever in the world. You two are so lucky to have each other. Enjoy it. Enjoy life! We love you two! All my love, and Positive energy for both. From Spain 😘😘😘
wow i just want to say although everything you're going through is very tough and i could never understand what you're going through. You are strong for keeping your head up and looking at the positive, The short hair looks AMAZING on you like oh my gosh you pull it off so well. <3
Bec you are beautiful! 💗 sending so much love to both you and Eamon. 💕
Love to you.
Go Bec! You are beautiful and strong 💪🤩
Her name should be Bec, cause she is beautiful.
Bec if you have been vaccinated it spikes your proteins so if you can find it there, drink white pine needle tea
appreciate your willingness to share your experience.  You truly are beautiful, and my prayers are with you as you go thru this challenging time.  Blessings!
You guys are amazing and are beautiful inside and out, no matter what hairstyles you're rocking. All the best :)
GET BETTER!!!! Stay strong!
Sending you guys so much love and support!❤❤❤ Bec you're such a beautiful person inside and out!😊😊😊❤❤❤❤
You are amazing.
❤️❤️❤️
I don't comment on videos often, but you look amazing and rocking all the different looks.  Giving so much positivity to the world while going through so much, which in itself takes so much energy. Sending positive vibes to you both.
Doing the bob was such a great idea and you rocked it! I wish I’d had the courage to do that when I started losing my hair during chemo, but I wanted to cling onto my long hair as long as possible.  It’s traumatizing losing your hair, even though you do look stunning bald. We don’t realize our attachment to such things, regardless of someone telling us “it’s just hair”. No, it signifies that we’re sick and we’re a cancer patient, and for me, that made me feel like people would see me as weak or less than. Hang in there. One moment at a time. Y’all got this. 💕
Keep fighting
Love to you both. I know you guys are helping so many people!
I am going through bladder cancer. Your husband is so caring.
You’re absolutely amazing. Both of you. Love you both x
Girl u rock that hairstyle ❤️❤️
I remembered that same exact feeling.  I am crying with you.  You are beautiful inside and out.  I am sending you positive thoughts and major hugs!!!!
🙏🏾❤️
He speaks the truth;you  really do look VERY KEWL!!  We all can be our own worst critic at times , but you really do rock!🎸 Power thru!!
My wife was lucky she didn’t lose her hair , doesn’t mean it was easy though . I admire you so much.
You are amazing,  we love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu uuuuuuuuu
you guys are the reason i started van life 3 years ago..i love you so much..bec you are a warrior goddess, bald is beautiful!!!!!
Love you Bec, hair or no hair.  Fully supporting you on this journey, and so so appreciate and honour your sharing it.  🇨🇦🙏❤️💛❤️
You both look great 🤩 prayer's for all of you from Texas ❤️
I felt so much better when I shaved my head - but it was so cold! I now have lots of beanies to match my outfits xxx
Wy wonderful wife went through breast cancer in 2016.I have always called her "buddy". and still do. Looking great wig or no wig. Keep up the laughter and the fun :)
What a warrior. Such a beautiful person inside and out. Eamon you are an amazing caregiver and such a support for Bec. Many prayers and blessings coming from Pennsylvania in the United States. #becbeatscancer
You look SO GOOD!!!  Sincerely!!!
Bec - I hate the reason you have had to lose your hair, but I hope you realize how deep your beauty goes - it comes from your amazing soul, and you are so, so luminous. Sending you so much love and strength. Eamon, you are a wonder and a gift. Thank you to both of you for allowing us along on your journey together.
You guys are so amazing!!! Your courage and love is bottomless 💕💕💕
Bec you absolutely rock. Absolutely gorgeous.  One day at a time and you will be fine. Positive thoughts your way from Pennsylvania. We love the both of you and keep you in our thoughts and prayers. ❤️❤️
I know you probably won't see this, but i wanted to just give the support. I can't even imagine how hard it is for you to get through this but just know that your audience will be here all the way. I only recently subscribed to your channel after watching kara and nate for about a year and a half, but now i will be sure to be here for all of your videos liking and commenting as much as i can. Bec, you are amazing and you got this! also oso is so cute
thank you so much for sharing your journey in the most vulnerable of times. you are strong and beautiful and thank you for inspiring us all!!
Thank you for being you!  You both are kind, strong, wonderful people and I appreciate you sharing with all of us.  Sending so much love!!
I salute both of you for having the courage to tell the world of your journey. I went through lung cancer with my husband so know about hair loss. We ended up just shaving his head. I pray for a positive outcome for you, Bec. Support her Eamon she is going to need it.
You are absolutely beautiful inside and out!🥰
❤️
You’re so strong Bec!💕
You're beautiful Bec with and without hair ! ✌
Thank you for sharing your journey!  You’re both such beautiful souls.  Hair or no hair you’re so beautiful!  I’ll be praying for you 🙏💜
Bec you are 'rad' as Eamon says, your courage and dignity has really touched me tonight.  Be very proud  of yourself, it was emotional watching as it brought back so may memories of my sister who had beautiful dark hair like you, it was her 'crowning glory' as she described it.  Sending much love to you & Eamon, look forward to catching up again when your ready.  Congratulations on reaching a million subscribers xxx
Hi Bec! Watching this I had tears in my eyes remembering how I lost my hair this last year undergoing chemo for pancreatic cancer. I went through all the same emotions. Tough as it was,  you made the right choice - I didn't cut mine right away and having big combs full of shedded hair each morning was far worse than taking the plunge and cutting it short soon. You look awesome! And it will come back - my chemo is less now and my hair is coming back - and I know yours will too. You and Eamon are in my prayers! God Bless you!
So sad we couldn’t see your beautiful face during the haircut.
your strenght is my strenght
You look amazing bald! It's tough seeing a loved one going through cancer treatment but Eamon is so supportive xx
You are an incredible couple; an incredible Woman. You look absolutely beautiful. You are strong and are going to kick this journey in the butt. Sending you love and hugs from Victoria BC
My prayers are with you Bec! You are a beautiful young women with or without hair!! Look at Snead O’Connor she’s beautiful. I love her music also.
You make bald beautiful!  You are a bright light and nothing can dim that.
You are beautiful Becca.....and Eamon isn't too shabby  too!
I am so touched and appreciative of your journey of love for each other.  Seeing you both embrace this challenge to grow deeper in your love for each other is amazing.  Witnessing the way you both open up and experience each moment in your own individual way.. is truly from the heart.  May God continue to bless you and guide you through each moment and provide all you need to step through the next thing.  thank  you for being such great examples of what true love looks like.  crying... btw Bec your hair doesn't identify you... you give your hair its definition, and it is a part of you ... your true beauty is still with you.. :)
bec you look amazing
This video is making me cry and laugh at the same time.
it fills my heart to see how much you both love each other. there is no way to compare that to anything, god bless your love always
You look stunning! The raw emotion you've shown in this video has brung floods of tears! Eamon is right you look amazing with or with out hair!🥰 My prayers are with you 🙏
We love your rad~ness!!
Bec you’re like a hot hot hot canadian Ruby Rose aaaauuuhh aaaauuhh aaauuhh baby!  Sending you guys lots and lots of sunshine and love! Eamon you’re the epitome of what a partner should be in this wild c-journey, thank you so much for showing us your side of this circus   Love love love you guys!
💖💗💝
You look like Trinity from the Matrix. I love her. Keep your head up Beck it'll be alright. Sending love and prayers your way.
You are so beautiful and brave.  As someone just diagnosed, thank you for sharing your journey x
It's amazing how attached to vanities we are until we let go of them. Bec, you are absolutely stunning without hair! And!!!!!!! You and Eamon are right! You can be whomever or whatever you want to be. 💙   I'm new to your channel (I come from Kara and Nates channel!) And I'm just tbd? I'm glad I came when I did, surrender is everything and while I'm sure it's still a struggle it's beautiful to see. 💙
Wow!!
You look sooooo amazing Bec! Truely beautiful! You’re such an inspiration to everybody.  My husband and I both love watching your vlogs and we absolutely love you guys.  Xoxoxox
So I'm going through some new health issues as well and while it's not cancer it's life altering and very difficult.  I just want to thank you for sharing because one thing I got from this video was to keep positive thoughts going and talking to my body and if Bec can go through what she is, then so can I.  I can do this.  And so can you Bec.  Praying for you and your team!  And you look amazing, Girl!
You got this!! You can do it!!
had tears in my eyes watching this, love you both so so much. hope everyday is a blessing for you 💗💗💗
I had stage 2 Her2 Positive breast cancer...stage 3.  I understand your feelings.  I truly do.  After week 2 of chemo...I started to lose my hair.  I just went to a regular barber shop and had them shave it.  I also had a wig ready.  I was definitely a wig-wearer....until I went to bed.  I also lost my eyebrows, eyelashes, most of my fingernails and several toenails.  If this happens to you - don't panic.  All these things grow back.  Most times stronger and healthier.  Just stay POSITIVE!!!  That is super key to your journey and recovery.  Stay Brave!
<3
You look beautiful even without hairs. The state of mind is very important for us when we are sick, you can overcome that illness, be positive and God Bless you, do not cry, you have to ask God for strength to face the illness, the word is strong.  Blessings Shalom
I’m so angry that you went from no cancer to where you are at now. How did that happen? I love you guys so much. I’m 66 and encouraged by you both. I’m praying for you.
You are beautiful brave & strong! You have the best support on earth and in Heaven. 😘❤️ Much love from Arizona 🌵
Sending 💕 light & healing energy! You are both beautiful souls!! Thank you for sharing your journey to help others!! Xox
I’m going through bladder cancer. Love you.
I love wigs and I love your beautiful bald head xx Have you watched Schitts Creek? Moria and her wig collection always brings such joy into my night when watching her fuss over them like her children and all their names hahaha "Christine"
We Love You both Bec and Eamon!!! Sending you continued Love and Light ❤️
Add Bec to the list of badass chicks with shaved heads. Stunning!
The wig is perfect
I just found you 2. I am 78 and Gramma Lois . God bless you, praying for healing of “C”.
There was no doubt in my mind you would still look beautiful without hair, but you blew my mind. Your hair was actually hiding that gorgeous face! Keep fighting, sending you lots of sunshine and good vibes
I shared every tear and every smile. So proud of you both.
I love your new look.  I am not just saying this to make you feel good.  I think you look like a badass beautiful woman.
All I can say is that you are still beautiful.
You look amazing in all the phases!  Yes, I named my hair topper (wicked hair loss not associated with cancer). Her name is Priscilla and she makes me feel complete cuz I had such thin hair with bald patches. I felt embarrassed, but when I put Priscilla on, I feel like my old self. bonus: I look 20 years younger. Hang in there, Bec. You’ll make to the other side with all the love and support from your friends, family, and community. ❤️ I saw Kara cut her hair into a cute Bob in solidarity!! (I was kinda expecting Emon to shave his head too, lol)
Luvya
Ahhh I love you guys ❤️
Bec girl - i’m sorry but the shaved head totally suites you. you absolutely rock it !!!! 🤍your a insanely strong women, keep going !
You are beautiful! Hair or no hair. You got this!!! Sending love 💕 and healing energy.
You look amazing with or without hair. Your hair doesn't define you. That wig with the hat looked fantastic, you would never know your hair was gone. Eamon's support for you is huge. Take care!!
Bec, you're so blessed to have Eamon supporting you in your journey. I wish I had a man like him in my chronic health journey. ❤️
Now you get to rock some beautiful earrings!!!!
Bec you look amazing! You look like a strong bad ass! ❤️
You're inside is what shines the most no matter your hairstyle, and that shows all how absolutely beautiful you are.
Look how beautiful you are. No hair shows your amazing features and gorgeous skin. You rock it. You are amazingly beautiful inside and out. All my positive vibes and prayers to you guys.
Y'all feel the love bc you both give the love. I'm so humbled by your authenticity. FYI...Bec YOU ARE SUPER SEXY BALD! OMG!
Beautiful with hair. Beautiful without. Beautiful as a woman. Beautiful as a cancer patient. Beautiful with or without the labels.
💖 you guy's got this! From an RT Nurse in Calgary
You are strong. It really sucks you have to go through this
Bec you are so brave! And Eamon you are the most supportive partner! I want to give you both the biggest hug possible. ❤️ keep hanging in there. Sending all the light and love I can from Kansas!
Bec, you are rocking the whole cancer, chemo, loss of hair thing.  Eamon is absolutely an awesome supporter.  Praying for you both.
I'm eating a chickpea salad sandwich tonight as inspired by Bec's cravings, I'm eating to her health tonight hoping she can enjoy whatever food she wants to fuel her body. 💕
Oh wow… amazing how beautiful you are with a shaved head… my face is so round… but you are beyond adorable!!!!! Love and prayers to you!!!!❤️
Bec you’re so beautiful with hair and without it ❤️ Giving my love to you both. Thank you Bec for being so strong and Eamon for being so supportive! You’re going to get through this 💪 and I laughed so hard at “have you showered lately because you’re armpits stink” 😂
Sending love to Eamon as well <3
You look adorable !! Do possible  ❤️🙏🏼🇨🇦
Besides enjoying watching how close and supportive you 2 are with each other on this journey ive also enjoyed all your hair transformation you look good in every single one!
Your love for each other is beautiful! Being honest,  vulnerable & so real will help others.  Bec does look rad without hair! People subscribe because you’re both such lovely people on the inside. Much ❣️To You!
Bec, you look stunning no matter the hairstyle or amount of hair. It is unbelievable how strong you are being and how inspiring these videos are. It is also so inspiring to see how supportive and strong Eamon has remained through this all. I love you guys!
I'm praying for you guys every night.  You truly are an inspiration.  Keep up the good fight.  So what's up with Oso and the cone?  I saw him chewing at himself in bed.  Is he super itchy.  My German Shepherd and my daughters Pomeranians are suddenly chewing themselves up this winter and we have no clue why.  Is some dog allergy making the rounds?
You are so strong! Praying for you both xx
Bec, hold your head up high, shaving your hair took control over cancer, it was on your terms not it’s terms. Sharing your journey is inspiring to watch.
OMG BEC!  I am a professional portrait photographer outside Philadelphia.  I have photographed woman in all stages of cancer. Almost all the ladies want to wear wigs. But you absolutely rock the shaved look!  Your facial lines are so amazing. Your eyes pop and your cheekbones are something that model agencies die for.  Without your hair, it is definitely pronounced.  When you showed the second pic of your hair a week after shaving and it was coming back in spots, I was hoping you would shave off the part that is growing back!!  If I were in your area, I would love to create drop dead gorgeous model photos of you!  And by the way Eamon...... how bout you surprise your model partner and dive into the bald pool?  LOL!
I love you both so much! Xox
Bald Bec looks great ❤️❤️
Thank you so much for sharing your story with us.
This is so inspiring! Bec you are so strong and full of so much sunshine! LOVE IT!! Eamon, you are one rad support system for Bec! I'm so glad that you check in on her and Bec you took time to check on him. Its hard in this day and age to do that sometimes! Still sending so much positive vibes and thoughts!
YOU LOOK SO FCKING GOOD WTH. You literally look so beautiful, it is insane how you can pull off anything! Giving you much love, you are indeed a badass rockstar 😎
Heyo I am also a bald queen. Welcome to the club! I think everyone looks hotter with a bald bean, embrace it!
We love and wish well ❤️
GO BEC ! You look soo cute w a shaved head!! It will grow on you. At least u dont have to worry about doing your hair. Just wake up & go
Sending loads of love. You look great Bec! It really suits you. Eamon you're a darling the way you love and care for Bec.. thanks for sharing. Wishing you all the best x
!
You are SO beautiful inside and out! Everything you are doing is a testament to how strong you are. Your face is so pretty Bec. Your hair will come back…as beautiful as it is! Your eyes show your wonderful soul. I agree with Eamon… it is really rad!! ❤️💕🪴  He is an amazing man. 😀 Hugs! 🤗
Awwww Bec you look gorgeous❤XOXO
I just want you to know I am crying with you. I have lupus and I have so much hair coming out. More than handfuls. My father feels so bad for me that he offered to buy me a wig. You are so in my heart. I had thick beautiful hair and now it’s falling out. I went and got a haircut and I feel like I need another one.
Beautiful ❤️ both bec and eamon.
Bec you are beautiful.  .  Sending positive vibes.  💕💕💕💕
You are an incredible couple!  Bless you both!
Bec you are so beautiful your hair does make you that way your heart does I feel everything your going thru I have kidney cancer but because of other health issues I'm not a good candidate for the operation I have lost a lot of my hair due my health and meds I have to take you have good one in Eamon he's a keeper I'm praying for you to beat this and continue to have a great life together with love to you both your friend ann
You guys are so amazing.  Bec, you are incredibly brave, and you look great with a shaved head. I just wish you knew how inspiring you two are.  Love you guys and praying for this to be behind you soon. You got this!
Love you chick stay strong!! Eamon seems to be a great support team and that’s beautiful in itself!!! Take care love ❤️
Very touching how you both navigate this.
You are beautiful Bec. Sending positive thoughts and prayers.
You’ve got this, Bec…!  You’ve honestly got a great head shape, and look absolutely bad ass with a shaved head!  My neighbor was losing her hair to alopecia, and as an act of celebration and defiance, she shaved it off, and we took her to get a scalp henna tattoo as a way for her to own it.  Eamon, you are doing so good…such an amazing supportive partner…make sure you fill your tank, periodically, too, so you can continue to be there for Bec.  Love you both
Bec you are beautiful and I am 77-year-old male who's been shaving his head since I was 17 and saw Yule Brenner in Taurus Bulba the movie. I been to HELL and BACK and as of 2022 I am letting my hair grow back for this YEAR. You have a BEAUTIFUL FACE and GREAT BODY so be strong and SURVIVE!! as I know you will. The Good Lord is with us all and if he brings you to it he will see you through it. Stay strong and know we all LOVE YOU! Biz
The amount of courage it takes to traverse this harsh moment in your life is phenomenal. Respect and love to both of you guys for loving each other and being with each other during this . FYI you look amazing with less hair . Keep goin and keep striving and we are all praying for your better health and recovery.
Girl you are rocking the do. Stay strong Bec. Lots of love to you both. and prayers.
Bec oh my word Eamon is right you rock bald, you are beautiful without and with your wigs. My friend said when she was loosing all the body hair it saved her shaving she laughed too pet. Eamon i knew from your adventures Bec had a special young man,but seeing this journey you really are a kind,caring and attentive young man, Bec and you are both beautiful people. Well done on so many viewers. Sorry i did laugh when osso fell off the bed, bless him, like a dog we had, he too didn't realise his size, he is such a good dog to have around ye. Keep strong and know we are routing for you the whole way. Many hugs from Ireland.
Not me bursting into tears when she brought out his ponytail
I couldn't help but cry with you. Bald looks amazing on you!!! You're beautiful with hair and without hair, inside and out. Sending positive vibes to you both!!
I love the positivity you shine with bec, truly my hero.
Wear it like a battle scar.  I shaved my wife's head after a brain cancer diagnosis (surgery, radiation, chemotherapy) and she paraded through public like she was a MF'n queen.  I know everyone is different, but strength on the outside is just as important as strength on the inside.
Just wanted to let you know that you look beautiful and bad ass like Demi Moore in G.I. Jane !! And your vulnerability and your strength is beautiful as well
Your head is beautiful!
Hairy maroth
You are so strong Bec ❤️ God bless you both. 🙏
Thank you for continuing videoing your journey.  You are helping different people in many different ways.  ❤️❤️❤️
Hair will grow back.  Hang in there. My granddaughter has alopecia.  And everyone always ask if she had cancer.  Nope.   She got the MMR shot and lost all her hair. At the age of 2.   Shes 17 now and still no hair.   She Wears a hat.  Hair doesnt defind you.  Your beautiful with or without.
Xxooxx
Love You Both! Such beautiful Love & Admiration you both have for each other. Bec, your inner beauty is amazing. Sending you an abundance of Love, Light, Strength & Positive Healthy Vibes ♥️✨💪🙏
You're incredibly strong even when it may not feel it. Sending so much love and healing. <3
You have such a beautiful face and a well shaped head it really doesn’t matter whether there’s hair on it or not you go Bec
You are so beautiful Bec (and Eamon)!❤️
Because, bless your sweet heart. My big sister has battled  breast cancer a year now. She goes for her last target drug therapy this week. Her mammo and surgery to take her port out. She lost her hair and rocked it. Hang in there girl. God love you.
Hang in there Bec! Its gonna grow back.!!!! Just keep that in mind...!!! it will be back!!!!!!! Hugs
Wow Bec, you are so beautiful! And such a badass 💗
I can only imagine how tough losing your hair was but wow you have quite literally the nicest and most perfect bald/shaved head Iv ever seen! You are so strong and you’re looking utterly beautiful whilst you power through, it’s so inspiring how strong you are❤️
Your my warrior princess love you both. Continue Prayers. Hugs ❤️❤️❤️
We know you can do this!! You are amazing sending love and wishes
You two full my heart. It's this love you have that is going to get you through and thank you for sharing it.
I can't imagine having someone like Eamon during "regular" life, let alone during the hard times. A partner we should all aspire to find and also to be like ❤️
We have an adopted dog named Oso too. Looks just like yours
You are so beautiful Bec❤
Ah, Bec...you are such a beautiful soul, with or without hair.  And Eamon...you are a solid rock.  Just love how you two love and care for each other.🥰💞 As for Oso....have you never fallen off the bed??? 😂
We are rooting for you Bec! You’re such an amazing soul! ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, don’t worry about it!!! You look beautiful without your hair 😍
you are beautiful no matter what !! I love ya'll energy!!  sending good vibes and thoughts your way !!!  you are so lucky to have some where there that love you as much as eamon does !  you are so bless and you bless other each and every day !!    sending you both lot's of love !!!
I love you and am so inspired.  You are both beautiful inside too.
It’s so beautiful to see how much you love and support each other! You’re so strong xx
Bec, you are SO SO SO beautiful! You look adorable bald! Celebrate your battle, and celebrate your strength! You are an inspiration!   Congrats on the one million subs. I can't think of two more deserving people!!
Bec, You are beautiful! Your light shines from within. Don't doubt it. Go kick it! 🙏💜
You look amazing with short hair!
I’m sooooooo happy you went with the bob cut, & that you were brave enough to shave your head before it got too difficult, because you look like a badass rockstar!!!! 🎶🙌🏻👏🏻🔥 It is adorable, even if only for a moment, & if you don’t decide to keep it after this is all said and done. I think I would also embrace experimenting during this trying time as well, because it’s the perfect time to try things you never thought you would… not only have you found a couple of hairstyles that you may never have known look amazing on you, but you were also able to get rid of the mole that I was causing some insecurity. The fact that the woman who removed it was also a survivor, is saying everything about your situation!!! You shall overcome!!!!!   I’m not good going to pretend that this is fun for you, but I’m proud of you for being strong and venerable at the same time! You are an inspiration to soooo many people, & it would be hard for any woman to loose her hair! We are taught that we need it to be beautiful, & it’s not true! You do look amazing bald & like a 2022 version of Sinead O’Connor from back in the day! She was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen at that time back in the day, & I knew in that moment that hair didn’t mean as much as we think it means. The wig is absolutely identical to your former hair, and I’m glad that you have it in case you want, or need it, but the fact that you are embracing this journey is what makes you even more inspiring!!!!! Please stay strong and know you are loved beyond your family IRL, because you have a whole other family cheering you on, and looking forward to the day that you can finally say this journey is over, & it’s time for the next chapter. We all want you to be happy healthy, and living your dreams the way you have planned them & I have plenty of faith!!!!! Sending love & prayers daily!  💞🙏🏻🥰  PS: like most people on the planet I have known many people who have gone through the same thing, and even had clients who came to me for massage therapy when they were ready to try to heal their body. I love that you do yoga, eat healthy, and live an active lifestyle, but if you ever get to the point where you feel like you need some more healing, massage therapy can be very beneficial. Even something as simple as lymphatic drainage can help flush the toxins out once you can stop them. I will be looking forward to the next chapter, and anticipating the end of this book, because you have several more to write in this life!!! 💞💞💞
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🌹🌺💞🎈💕🌸You are Beautiful Bald or with Hair,, makes no difference in your Beauty!!Praying for Complete Restoration of Health ,,sending Lots of Love !!Love Love You Both!!🌸💕🎈🎊🌹🌺💞❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are awesome! You both are amazing!
Bec, you're stunningly beautiful.  Keep your head up. .
You look absolutely stunning! So proud of you and praying so hard for a full recovery and for eamon’s strength during this hard time. We love y’all and feel like we know you personally. 🤍
We love you Bec. ❤️ you Beautiful always. Hair or no hair . GORGEOUS ❤️❤️❤️
You’re BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!☀️🥰🌞🌸🌼
BEC YOU ARE BEAAUUTIIFFULLL🎶 yuhhhh
Wig name suggestion: Mary . I think it just seems like a perfect name 😊 for that part of the journey . It goes with everything! ❤️☮️   Isn’t it so wonderful to have that love that you just can’t quit describe? 😊
The love you 2 share makes me so emotional. Such a strong team. You are beautiful Bec❤️
It's OK honey your hair will grown back again I promise  my hair did so will yours. Walking beside you on this journey with love for you and my arms around you.
Oh Bec you look so beautiful bald, those cheek bones and eyes of yours really pop now! Congratulations on a million subscribers you guys totally deserve it, I vote Eamon shave the rest of his hair off 😂 gob bless,be strong,believe in yourself 💃🥳♥️
You're gorgeous!  Continued prayers for a quick recovery and uplifting thoughts when you're down.  You got this!
You are both are amazing - your love and support brings tears to my eyes every week - Bec, Hair - no hair Your light shines through and you’re beautiful and amazing
You two rock!!!  Keep the beauty you have in yourself coming out from with in. You are beautiful!!
More amazed by you each video. You are SO beautiful. Sending all the love.
i just cried for 32 min straight.. i love you so much. you're both like family to me <3 hugs across countries
This video was so touching, real, and courageous. Thank you both for being your true, authentic selves. Who knows how many ladies you have encouraged with this video. I also wanted to leave you with a few words from India Arie's song, I Am Not My Hair....be blessed. I am not my hair I am not this skin I am not your expectations, no  I am not my hair I am not this skin I am the soul that lives within
You are more beautiful than ever. You have such a light that radiates beauty. . Peace and Blessings to you and yours💞
I'm loving the short bob. You are sooo cute! And you are rocking the bald head! So beautiful inside and out
Love you guys! Thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
You look amazing girl!! Better days are up ahead! Promise you
Holy crap Bec!! You look absolutely stunning with a shaved head!! And since many shave their heads for fashion and sass, it doesn’t necessarily identify you as a cancer patient. But what you are is a survivor and a fighter!! You got this!! And next time Craig and Aimee visit you can share wigs!! Fun!! So happy you’re embracing it and feeling empowered. You are an inspiration through your vulnerability and honesty and YouTube is a better place for it. You and Eamon are such a beautiful couple!! ❤️💚
Your So Strong Willed & Absolutely Beautiful Bald Or Not! 🙌💋❤ You Have So Much Support & Love Surrounding You!!! I Truly Admire Your Confidence & Go Getter Attitude 💗 Keep On Fighting, You Got This Bec! Much Love From NB East Coast Canada xox 💋❤🙌
Dude you are the hottest short haired girl I have ever seen! .........  @ 20:00 You are the HOTTEST shaved headed girl I have ever seen!...........@27:21.......... You are the hottest raven haired girl I have ever seen!      Simple truth... You REALLY ARE absolutely beautiful either way!       Much love to you guys! We are all in your corner!
I think it needs to be said that Eamon is RAD, too! ✨
You look amazing bald!!! Rock it!!!!
Of course you look great bald, lately I've thinking about it for me tho!
My husband and I have been following you for about 4 years now and we both sat crying with you today whilst watching, hubby said " she still looks  dang beautiful "
You Look Great Bec, Hair Does Not Make The Person Your Beautiful No Mater What Sending Love From New Zealand
The strength of character that both you and Eamon demonstrate is something I admire so much! Thank you so much for sharing your vulnerable moments with us. I am sending you soo much love, strength and hugs. You are doing amazing 🤍🤍
Omg, Bec spirit is so beautiful. She looks beautiful. It's like now I can see your beautiful features. I could not help but cry with her. I can't imagine what you both are feeling. May God truly cover you both during this time.
Hi Eamon & Bec!  I have been watching for quiet a while but I got really hooked while you guys were in Morocco pre-pandemic. I feel oddly connected to you guys through your videos and just love your guys vibes! You guys live a complete opposite lifestyle as me but i just really enjoy watching you guys.  I know you mentioned in a past video about getting genetically tested. I was wondering if you got any answers from that? I personally have an odd relationship with cancer. I got tested along with my mom for the gene mutation and we both have it. My mother had cancer at a pretty young age so that’s why we got tested.  Wishing the best for you and an rooting you on! Stay strong you definitely got this!!
I've been thinking of you tons Bec, love you lady!! I'll keep pushing all the positivity to you.
Omg you are still so beautiful😍 . the hair can always grow back the fact your still soo happy and bright minded open to what's going to happen even though you don't like it you go head on and get it done is so amazing, I love your journey, an oh my Eamon is a great support. vary hard finding someone who cares and supports any and every decision you make ❤ I love you guys.
Bec you are badass and truly beautiful inside and out
You’re both precious. Xoxo
I've cried along with her. 💕 My mom decided to shave her head as well...she wanted to be the one who took the hair instead of cancer taking it. Prayers for you both!
Wearing Lee’s sweater, she has her arms around you too.
You look absolutely gorgeous!! I love the shaved head. Much love for all of you!!
I have to say you look AMAZING bold. WOW  you are beautiful wow
😘💖🐱‍👤
You are beautiful soul. Beautiful inside and out. Thank you for sharing your journey with us <3
Aimee, knows all about naming wigs. Osso is adorable
Brave and beautiful always, inside and out xx
Love you guys! ♥️♥️ such a good reminder that we are not how we look and the beauty is on the inside
Honey, you don’t look great bald, you look absolutely STUNNING bald. 👨‍🦲
Bec sweetness you're doing so well. Ive so much respect for you and how positive you are no matter what life throws at you. We are all backing you up hunnie. Remember that you are so loved by so many people all around the world.  I know its easy for others to say who aren't or haven't gone through hair loss but you will get your locks back eventually  this is just a wee stop gap see it as a trial on different styles. I think you're an amazing person 💕 💋 😘   Eamon, you're an amazing husband you're doing so great. Your support just echoes through the whole process.  Keep going handsome 😘
Been stopping myself from watching eamon and bec for i am unable to see bec so sad.  Bec we have never ever met in life but i love the friend you are to people. When i saw how you treasure lee i felt like i want a friend like you in life. Sending you love and magic to help you heal. Bec you look so pretty without hair its not a joke lol i feel if anyone its you who could be a biker chic model look right now. Keep your head high.
You’re beautiful Bec, inside and out!…
You’re so brave, Bec. I cried with you..I had a really bad hair day today..but I didn’t sweat it, I just rolled my eyes at it and thought about you and your journey. Hugs to you both..and sweet Oso. Bec, you’re beautiful 🧡🧡
💕
Another thought, it just occurred to me that if I am ever faced with cancer and the treatments this is the series of videos I am going to reference for strength, grace, vulnerability and the need to sit in all the emotions and not try and bury them.  I am in awe.
Love you lots guys!!!! ♥️ bec you are bloody gorgeous 🤩🤩🤩
You look incredible and are so so strong! ❤️ You've got this both! sending lots of love 💗💗
You're a badass Bec and we love you SO FREAKIN MUCH!!!
Chemo is the cure. Hair loss is the side effect. It's a part of the journey to wellness. God Bless x
You totally rock a bald head! You're beautiful. But more importantly, you inner beauty is so evident and that's what matters most. Eamon, you are an amazing partner. You both are so blessed to have each other.
Girl, that beautiful bone structure!
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you’re beautiful.  Sending love and everything positive to you both. I cried my eyes out watching this.  You’re strong, awesome and everything is gonna be alright. ❤️
Channel your inner Tank Girl, she will give you strength!!!  And, just remember, when men go through this, people don't tell them they are still handsome! You have a inner light that makes you a beautiful person no matter what!
Bec, you look so good and are so beautiful! 🥰
I adore you both. You are so courageous. Thank you. 🙏🏾
Your Beautiful🥰🌺
You totally rock the bald look!!! As far as the mole on your head, it’s an angels kiss. When you are born with a mark like that God had an angel place a kiss in that particular spot. Embrace every step of this journey because so many women are looking to you for their strength and guidance. Love and prayers!!!
Man so inspiring, and the fact that you guys are documenting the whole journey is so inspiring for everybody and anybody who is going through the same process. Thank you for inspiring me and inspiring everybody to push through the hardest of situations.
We love you guys! Lots of good vibes sent your way!❤
Love you both so much.😍🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 your gorgeous inside and out Bec's, and your not to bad yourself Mr E. Xxx
You are a beautiful lady... Xxxxxhugxxxxx
Hello Charlize Theron Fury Road vibes!!! You look badass.
You are so beautiful no matter what and honestly being bald suits you very well 😍 ❤️
If I were her, after all, after she surpass cancer (she will) I would leave shaved head style 😀, really looks amazing! The best of luck in this process 👍🏽
Bec you look totally "kick ass" with no hair, reminds me of Demi Moore in GI Jane, You are going to kick cancers ass!! Oh and by the way, Oso is just the most beautiful big bear, love him and what the heck did he do to that buster collar 😂😂😂
I love the cut.  You look so much younger.
You look beautiful I don't care if you don't have hair or not it's your personality that makes you beautiful
You are both so gorgeous in every way! I went through 7 months of chemotherapy treatment for a blood disorder in2018. I had some hair loss but never lost all of my hair. I am so inspired by your strength and beauty. I am thinking of both of! All the best from Londonderry NH.
Your so beautiful bec u really inspire me sending so much love as well 💞
If I could be as close to beautiful as Bec is with a shaved head I’d be so lucky♥️ stay strong, we are cheering so hard for you!
You look so beautiful Bec! Keep fighting! Stay strong! Sending love and support!
❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful bec inside and out no matter how your appearance looks. What’s importance is your strength and support from those who care for you. We love you and appreciate you especially sharing this tough journey with us. You bring me to tears by showing your strength and positivity throughout this journey. Shoutout to eamon for being the best support for you and shoutout to you bec for being you 💜❤️ be strong
Girl, you look like an amazing warrior princess! Wear that badge of honor proudly! ♥ Cancer sucks! You got this warrior princess!
we love you bec stay strong ❤❤
Omg, Bec YOU ARE GORGEOUS!!! On the inside and out! Granted your long beautiful brown hair is so stunning, but you truly are beautiful bald!!! IT’S LIKE YOU BEING BALD LETS YOUR INNER BEAUTY SHINE SO MUCH BRIGHTER!!! Hang in there, your totally rocking this journey! And a BIG SHOUTOUT TO EAMON FOR ALL HIS LOVING SUPPORT!! And I have to mention how much I love Oso, Bec he looks at you like he totally gets it!! Praying for you daily!!👍🏻🐶🐶💕🙏🏻
Indeed, the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Don’t be afraid… Luke 12:7  Continuing to pray for you both ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You 2 are so in love together and it shows  so much its wonderful
So beautiful with or what out hair beautiful women!!! You have such a sweet and kind soul and we are all here for it. ♥️❤️♥️❤️
She does rock no hair , but You are beautiful inside & out ! Wear Lees sweater , rock her fierceness
You r so beautiful Bec with or without hair.💖🤩
Bec, you’re strength is AMAZING! Please remember that and how much we all love you! Bald or not you’re HOT 😍 Also, Eamon????? C’mon with the great support system!! You’re such amazing human dude! Im happy Bec has you by her side 🧡
You are beautiful Bec no matter if you have hair or not!! You are so inspiring to so many! Much love from NW Oregon 💕
Bec you are a super model! Just stunning
You remind me of Persis Khambatta, the bald actress in the first Star Trek movie. She's beautiful, but you have a cuter head. 🙂
Fuck yeah bec. Love to you both and Eamon, you are on hell of a good man. ❤️
You two are amazing. Stay blessed and positive!!!💗
Beca god is whit you my love and you are beautiful and strong woman 👩
Bec you are so incredible! I know you don’t have a choice right now for what you are going through. But, you are doing it all with such gorgeous Grace and dignity, even the hard “duvet days”. So much love to Eamon too. He is the most kind, patient, encouraging, loving partner to you. I tried to eat and have water while watching, but I kept choking with crying and sniffling. Sending so many prayer of healing and joy to you both. Congrats on 1 million subscribers!!! Thank you for sharing the hard parts of your life as well as the easier ones. Peace. 🙏🏻🥰❤️‍🩹
❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are beautiful inside and out! I am saying a prayer for you to make a full recovery.
Sending you both Love, positive and healing energy!!  You are absolutely stunning Bec! <3
weeping to this video because i love you both so much and have been watching you for years now and to know that you both truly love each other is beyond heartwarming. please keep fighting, your optimism is so inspiring. i can’t believe how resilient you both are. your love is so pure and amazing and just ahh i love you guys have a blessed time on this chapter of your story, it is still unfolding and this is just a moment
😘😘😘😘
💜
You rock girl.  My hair is just growing back after the second time.   Are you Millie Bobby Brown?   You look so much like 11 from Stranger Things.   You are beautiful.
I love you 💕 thank you so much for sharing your inspiring journey. Hair schmair, who needs it? You’re gorgeous!!!
Sending you both lots of love. Debbie xxxx
It's such a relief to see your beautiful face - and to see all of the smiles is even better!!!! Sending all the love and good vibes in the world your way!! XOXO
Both of you are so strong and beautiful people. I love you even if we haven’t met in person. You have opened your lives to us and make us part of your family and that’s a really big gift. I appreciate you guys, I really do. Kisses 😘
I’ve been with y’all since you started the trip to Mexico , with  The Matt nets years ago .  Bec you are living proof beauty is from within , and radiates our . You’ve never looked better . There are no coincidences.  Bet you didn’t know , you have a lot of people in a no where town in Mississippi, USA and the greater New Orleans area praying for all of you ! Love y’all
Stunning.  Regardless of your hair.
Bec, let's not even pretend you're not gorgeous: bald, bobbed, or anything in between. You look like Eleven from Stranger Things' beautiful older sister. And can we just talk about how much that man loves you??
Bec, u look beautiful! Not everyone can pull off that look. Also, I want to give ur buddy props for being so kind, caring and loving to you on this journey. You guys are so adorable!! Sending u both love, strength, and positive vibes♡♡♡
Sending you love Bec. Also wanted to ask what brand your bed sheets are? I notice them in all your videos hope that’s ok to ask x
Thanks for sharing your journey.  Feel all the feelings.  You looks great with a shared head! Also kudos to Eamon, foe being a great partner. I predict he will have a shaved head soon.
You look great bald !!!
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are so strong and so loved. ❤️
I feel like I’m part of your family  seeing in your ups and downs.  You guys together are stronger that an army!   Big hugs from northern Ontario
You’re gorgeous inside and out. Thanks for sharing your strength.
girl you look stunning!!! i guess you could wear any shape of hair! (the hair cap looks cool too though!) I feel you so much with identifying with your hair, when mine got cutten way shorter than I wanted, I didn't want to leave my house for weeks 😂 (I was 17-18) you're soooo strong in so many ways! so much love and courage to you guys, you rocking this journey so much!
Your such a stunner 💕💕💕
Honestly I agree with Eamon, you truly look amazing! Is it your beautiful face or the brave attitude? Probably both! Much love xxx
So much love to you guys! Bec IS smoking hot with her shaved head, she kinda looks like sharlize sterron
Prayers
Bec your hair looks so cute, it amazes me your great energy your great spirits the way ur taking this journey is absolutely amazing , you couldn’t have a better man by your side through all of this, u both amaze me , it’s great 👍 the way u take every min of this journey and put such positivity and love ❤️, you are an amazing person!! So much prayers to you🙏❤️💯
Hey guys, I never ever comment on anything. I'm 62, and just never do.   First you guys are awesome people.  And second, Aemon ain't fibben. Bec, you look great bald, especially with the head scarves Wish you both the very best♥️
Happy thoughts, blessings and courage from Denmark 🇩🇰 Stays strong and stay weak. Live it because this shall also pass. Just a bump in the road. Thank you for sharing.💝
Bec looks amazing with a shaved head! Very Natalie Portman in V for Vendetta. ❤️
You are beautiful Bec!  Prayers for healing.  And I ugly cried worse than you did!
This video is the definition brave. Not because you lost your hair, but the honest sharing of your grief process working through it. Such healthy emotional displays of grief are rare. ❤️
You are so beautiful, Bec. You’re so much more than hair. Your beauty and light emanates from your soul, hair is just “frosting”. I’ve mentioned her before but when my grandmas beautiful wavy silver and gray hair fell out, it grew back curly and red with no gray!
Stay strong girl
Still beautiful! ❤️🤟🏼
Oh Bec, how I love your spirit! You are a light. Pure sunshine and so so soo beautiful! I keep you in my prayers 🙏
You’re beautiful with or without hair Bec. Your strength alone enduring this difficult phase of your life is admirable. Keep fighting. Can’t wait to see you well and joyful again.
I second Eamon, Bec no 💩 you look absolutely bad as* keep it up guys. Sending love your way
Eamon is the best.  So supportive.
Bec, you really can skip the wig - you look good any style.   Now you have options!
Oh Bec and Eamon thank you for such an amazing video! Bald is beautiful Bec!!!🥰🥰
so strong! I actually have had 2 brain surgeries which is quite a bit different but I basically had to beg for them to not shave all my hair off, they just ended up shaving where they would cut my head open, because as a 19 year old, my hair is literally my identity and honestly could not stand the idea of having no hair. you look so good tho bec!!
Thank you Bec for being so brave to share your journey with us. You are so beautiful bald!!! I love it. You're beautiful no matter what. I appreciate seeing how much Eamon supports you, loves you, takes care of you and empowers you. You both are such an inspiration. 💕
You truly are beautiful with long hair, short hair or bald. Praying for you.
I love you two and you are so beautiful Bec and Eamon what a great guy you are. She couldn't ask for a better partner. 💕
Bec is fucking sexy with a shaved head 🔥🔥
Bec you look amazing ! Your face is so feminine without hair. I'm sure that one comment can't change the way you feel so I'm sorry it's hard on you to lose your hair. I hope you will come to see how beautiful and strong you are !
Bec! You look so SEXY! Oh my goodness! So sexy!   I asked my husband his opinion and he said "She IS beautiful bald...but you know, a cute girl is cute girl. It's more about her heart than her hair."
Stay strong Bec. Your still your BEAUTIFUL you!
Bless y'all. You are beautiful, Bec. Straight fact. From one cancer survivor to you. The next survivor.
I feel like she was making too much about the hair, she is a wealthy person she can afford to buy a good wig, what about the poor women that can't afford a good wig, they tie their head with a scarf and go on with life. She is getting the best health care.
Having a shaved head made me feel more beautiful than I ever have. I hope that happens for you. 💛
You look amazing! 👍👍😊
Hair just frames the beauty …remove it ….beauty still remains!  And all those cool hairstyles you can try out on the journey of new growth! Thank you for the update! Sending love from 🇬🇧. 🙋🏻‍♀️🇬🇧💕jane
Your Beautiful
Love you Bec! This was an emotional video to watch. Sending you love and light!
Just wanted to drop some love ❤️ in here - you're both truly beautiful people inside & out.
You look amazing!!! Stay strong Bec!
You are so beautiful!!! Big hug!!
Love the skin beck it looks beyond awesome I love the new look you rock it girl
Your resilience and strength is truly inspiring. I’m getting Furiosa Vibes from Mad Max Fury Road. That’s bad@$$!!
There is definitely something to be said for taking the time to mourn hair loss. It is "just hair" but for so many people it is a big part of who we identify as, it's something you see on yourself everyday. That being said, I agree with Eamon, you look fantastic bald 😊 very edgy. It did bring some tears to wath you go through this, reminding me of my own hair loss (not cancer but another illness) and how it can be a fun thing - trying new styles and thinking of wigs to change it up. Hope your guys mixed hair wig brings you joy and know you have so many people supporting and sending good vibes to you ❤
I love you guys. I’m so sorry you are going through this. God will lead you through it
Sending prayers and blessings your way.  #BaldIsBeautiful
Bec, you are such a trooper and you look amazing, but Eamon is such a great partner, so positive and so loving, you are so bless to have him! Praying for you two! 🥰
Thank you for sharing your journey Bec. You’ll never know what it means to all of us individually. And yes you are a beautiful baldy and that wig is dope! 💕
You guys are such a beautiful couple! Praying for your continued journey of healing! 💕🙏
When Eamon said, “Lee’s Here”❤️ 😢
Bec, you've always been beautiful but now....damn those cheek bones are poppin! You two are the best. Sending so many good vibes
Thank you for sharing and letting us be part of your journey.  Sending you positive energy, thoughts and prayers from New Mexico.
Thought for today - God made a few perfect heads...   The rest, He covered in hair...
I cried through this entire video.
BEC, YOU LOOK AWESOME NO MATTER WHAT!  YOU ARE STRONG AND BEAUTIFUL AND I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!  You're such a fighter.  You're inspiring so many people by sharing your story.  Sending you all the love and strength and positivity I possibly can!
A chick who can rock a shaved or bald head looks sooooooooooo amazing!!! I tried it from permanent hair loss with mold illness and Lyme and it looked horrible lolol I’m quite jealous of your new style!!! It’s so freeing, new age, liberated, free of stereotypes, I think it actually has major health girl yoga instructor vibes. 🧘‍♂️
You are so strong and beautiful!! I am amazed at how you take every new step in your journey with such grace💕
you look beautiful with and without hair Bec!
I bawled throughout this. Bless you both ❤️ so much strength and love… just beautiful.
you look class bald!
Your so awesome and beautiful. Your rocking and so much much love and many blessings. So much healing light to you guys.❤❤❤
Emon, is the world’s best cheerleader ❤️
I always thought you could just get moles removed? Surprised that with all of Eamons support and positivity about shaving it, that he didn't want to shave his too! He is absolutely right, you looked stunning at each and every stage. Loved the bob for after too!
Here with you every step ❤️ strongfuly!!!  STRONGFULLLLLLY
Will you be as smart without the second brain...  Just kidding, of course.  60 year old dude here.  Started watching you because I enjoy van, bus & home remodels.  Now I am on a journey with you.  Your soul (heart) makes you, you.  I've been with my lovely wife for 34 years and love her more every day.  I can tell by watching Eamon you all will be there some day too.  Love you two!!
We love you, Girl. We're with you all the way. 💛
I love you Bec!!!
You know sweetie I watched this when it posted. But I was just now able to comment. Bec please never ever forget How absolutely Beautiful,Amazing and Wonderful you really are. You are becoming such an inspiration to women going through the same thing. Honey I went through chemo 35 years ago. You are right it was the hardest thing to let go of my hair. But believe me it will come back. Mine came back thick and curly. I keep you in my Thoughts and Prayers. Luv,Hugs and God's Blessings to you both.
YOU LOOK AWESOME 😘❤🌹👀
Keeping you all in Prayer 🙏🙏🙏 Sending Hugs,Love & Prayers Your Way ❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏
I had to take a break to collect myself during the shave. I'm so proud of how well you guys are doing with this. The support you're providing Eamon is astronomical and Bec, you're so fabulous and beautiful. I'm incredibly grateful that you have each other in your lives. My love and support to you both <3
❤
you guys should defiantly name the wig Lucinder  that would be so cute
Dude you really rock the shaved head for real! You could seriously pull off any look in an issue of vogue 💓 ANY LOOK!
After going thru this myself this is both beautiful and awful to watch. You looked amazing with hair but you look bomb without it!!!
Bec you are  beutiful and Eamon is a woderful husband! You are gonna beat this!!
You were beautiful and you are beautiful and you will be beautiful!! Your soul is beautiful,stay strong sweetie!! A big hug from a Greek friend!!
Eamon you are doing amazing  and I send my regards to you have watched you for years.i know how hard it is for you as my auntie is going through the same thing .continue supporting each other.x
Bec you are a very strong person. You and Eamon are such a great couple I simply love y’all. Your going to be fine Bec so your big decision will be do I rock the baldness from now on or grow my hair out. Either way would be cool you look fantastic bald 👩‍🦲  Be safe out there see you soon.
You’re honestly so beautiful with  and without hair! Stay confident and strong lovely, your hit doesn’t define your beauty ❤️
You fully look awesome with your head shaved! You're really lucky, you fully rock that look. I'm totally with Emon on this you look absolutely awesome!
Gloria should be the wigs name
You are do beautiful and strong!  You looks so beautiful bald.  You are inspiring.  Sending positive vibes and healing thoughts.  ❤
I'm sure you have heard it a million times but you really do have the kind of face that suits all hair styles, even shaved. Beautiful inside and out. Eamon, you are just a star the way you have been so strong and supportive. Keep it up guys. I thinks Bec is right when she speaks about having to let the negative energy out when it builds up and then move on. The same goes for you Eamon, you don't have to be strong all the time. That would be exhausting. Im sure I speak for ALL of your fans when I say we are all right behind you both thinking of you and sending you both hugs along this journey. xx
Bec ❤️ ur BEAUTIFUL…with hair but even more WITHOUT!! U just don’t even realize HOW AMAZING u are!! And it’s not just because this whole breast cancer thing…Uve ALWAYS been an amazing soul and that’s NEVER gonna change ❤️ so proud of u BOTH!!
Bec, I'm so sorry you're going through this - but you honestly look great with a shaved head! You have a great head shape ( Weird compliment but there it is).
I love how you two are handling this whole situation. Giving hope to anyone else going through something similar. You’re doing brilliantly!!!
Gorgeous with or without hair.  And your Eamon is AMAZING!  Love and prayers to you both ❤️
I am honestly so moved by your story.  And sharing the vulnerability.  I feel it with you and I am so proud of you both.  You are amazing humans and I love you both.  🙏🏻prayers
You are so beautiful and so strong Bec. I admire you and your vulnerability so so much. Sending you all my love and healing 🤍
Oh Honey! My heart is just breaking for you right now, and I am crying right along with you!! I think my pile of tissues is bigger than yours 😭I have had long hair (for more years than you have been alive) so I COMPLETELY understand what you are going through in this video!!! You are so, so, so, so brave! Plus, Eamon is right, it will grow back and you really do rock the shaved head look and not many women can pull it off. You are beautiful inside and out, don't ever forget that. ❤
You look great Bec!! And wow Eamon you are such a great partner! ❤️ thank you guys for being so open and real ! Xo
Bec you are so strong and so stunning !!! You inspire me every single day !!
Oh Bec! You look amazing with a shaved head!  When Eamon was shaving your hair, I was crying right along with you, I wish I could give you a big hug!
gurl slaayyy u look soo goood bald!
You look amazing Bec . Really . You are a rock Star ✨✨✨.  Your beautiful with long hair and without . Eamon so great in supporting you . Hang in there. Thank you for sharing. You got this .you really do 😂☺️👍👍👍
Have you read the book hair love? I think you'd love it even though it is a children's book. Sending love always
Eamon you are such amazing support for Bec. You both are amazing. Just keep loving each other. I lost my husband Martin almost six years ago and it's a struggle every day.
Thank you for sharing this heartfelt journey,,,,  PRAYERS and HUG,S,,, You are beautiful inside and out💞💞
You are stunning Bec.
Bec you just have one of those faces that you could literally pull of any style. Even a trash bag will look good on you! I hope this all end for you soon and you walk out healthy and happy! ❤️
You are beautiful with out hair girl wow i just love you girl i love you both
To me seeing a girl who is bald, my first thought isn't that oh she's sick. It's fuck she is strong! I watched my mom go through this same hair loss journey & to see all the shit she went through & what that bald head signifies it definitely goes well beyond just being sick! You're killing it Bec!!
Bec, thank you for sharing in your journey.   The raw honesty is emotional and a process that we will all support  you with.  We all love you!  Fight like a girl and kick A$$.  You got this!
I weep almost every single episode. Your love and tenderness for each other is life bringing. Thank you for sharing with us.  Prayers and peaceful, sunny energy for you both 💜
Bec.....you ARE very beautiful inside and out.
🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
You guys are so lucky to have each other… you’re so sweet and special it’s actually unbelievable and soooooo inspiring. Stay strong!! You absolutely got thiiisss. We love you so much!!!! 💗💗💗💗💗💗
Thank you so much for sharing such an intimate journey! You have no idea how much your rawness will help so many women, for years to come who come back and view this video! 💞
You can get through this, GIRL POWER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wishing you good health! Love is already there, near to you!
I didn't realise how fast hairloss happens whatngoing through this. Sending love ❤️
I've been thinking of you two a lot.  You're such a sweet team and I applaud you documenting the rollercoaster of emotions.  Congrats on 1M+ subs; I had no doubt you would get there!  ❣
This was hard but beautiful. We are all sending you love. Bec, you are so strong and it's incredibly inspirational, I'm sure to those of us who are sick, but even to those of us who aren't! Thank you for being vulnerable enough to share this with us; we're all in your corner rooting for you!  Side note, even after your hair grows back you should totally rock a shaved head look for a minute because it looks friggin amazing!!!!  Love from a fellow Canadian ❤
Bec, you've got this! I am a 3 time breast cancer survivor. I found enjoying nature, going for walks, comedy movies helped the best.
What an absolute beautiful couple. Bec you are stunning.
I have no words to explain how incredible you both are 💖💙 much love xx
of course you're still drop dead gorgeous as a bald woman. You are FIERCE!!!
Bec you look great and like a Badass.  Did you see Charlize in Fury Road?    Aemon, your support is awesome.  Just don’t buy her another lid with hair!   🙏🏻❤️
So proud of you both, stay strong, praying for you ❤️
❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
💜
Eamon is the best, how he kept telling you how beautiful you are. And you know what, he is 100% right. You are gorgeous and strong! You will get through this!!
Your strength is amazing Bec! Keep staying resilient, empowered and shining that light of yours. 🥰
You guys are amazing!!!!!!! Bec you are such an example to everyone!!!!!
thanks for sharing your story.  I remember when i  shaved my head 2 weeks after first chemo I looked in the mirror and said now you look like you have cancer.  Big hugs to you - you got this!
Awww Bec, you look AMAZING, and more than that you exude strength like I have rarely seen in my life. Your beauty is in your heart and your soul, your fortitude AND your fragility. YOU ARE MY HERO! You are so much more than your hair. Hang in there, sweet girl. You've got this.
This is the most incredible and empowering video I’ve ever seen. I cannot grasp Becs strength, weakness and rawness in this video. I could only wish I looked this amazing bald. They are both so powerful…
A beautiful video ♥️ sending so much love
I actually think you look really beautiful bald. Not everyone can pull that off but you seriously do 😍 stay strong bec 💪🏼
You have a beautiful shaped head and look amazing without hair and now Eamon needs to shave his head in solidarity. BUzz it Buzz it, come on Eamon.
I really just have to say that this video was so empowering and beautiful to watch. I have been following you guys for years and every chapter, from van life, to Covid, to cabin life, to Lee, to cabin life and van life again… this though might just be the most impactful content ever. It speaks to mental health, physical health, mindset, relationships, family, EVERYTHING. My husband and I are sending you so many good vibes and I can’t wait to see your videos every “someday”. I know it’s a like a dose of sunshine. Much love
Bec honey.. you look amazing.. you are a beautiful person inside and out..you are also strong and brave.. you will get through this and it will all pass   Eamon you are an amazing guy.. the support you provide Bec with !! I could only say that I hope that someone will be there for me  when I am in need the same way you were there for her.. love you guys ❤️❤️
Bec, I can’t begin to tell you how much I admire you for sharing your journey with us. You rock. As for as naming your new wig I suggest DOLLY. When I think of wigs I think Dolly Parton.  Prayers for you and Eamon as you fight the fight.
I have tissues this made me cry so much Thank God for you Eamon...i love how you love her and Bec you got this girl you are so beautiful.
so amazing. the strength and vulnerability it so beautiful to watch. you are incredible <3
Thank you for sharing this intimate journey. We cried with you. Love to you both! PS you look so good with a shaved head.
Because you are a beautiful soul and you look amazing with no hair keep positive xx
You are  very very very very very very very very very beautiful whether you have hair or not get well soon don't be afraid we love you
Millie Bobby Browns sister
It was hard to push the like; the like is for being so strong during such a sad time. Keep it up, Gal, and I'm always sending good vibes and prayers ur way... xoxoxo
You look AMAZING!
Stay strong your beautiful people
Proud of you !!  Thanks for sharing.👍🙏
You are so beautiful Bec!!! I admire Eamon for being amaze balls!!!
Name it Julia!
You are both just so beautiful. Despite all…you both just make me smile from the inside out. ✨🌈✨
❤️🤗
I am thinking of you. you will kick its but sending all the love
Prayers, Peace & Strength for you both!🙏🏼 I love & can't wait for the next video! God Bless you both. Have a Great Day Bec!🙏🏼💪🏼❤️👏🏼
Your gorgeous bec and such an inspiration 💕
I’m crying. I just appreciate how authentic you are and can you imagine the compassion and empathy this video can provide for women going through the same?! I absolutely love that you guys call each other buddy and your relationship seems so kind and honest. Thank you for being so vulnerable. Your strength and your honest emotions are incredible!! You look absolutely beautiful and I’m so happy you have the support and love around you that you need ♥️
You are both amazing, beautiful people. Bec your beauty shines from within and you both have such strength and power. Thank you for being such a force xxx
Wow, you are stunning girl!
ON GOD Bec looks AMAZING with her head shaved! Are you Kidding? STUNNING. Sending all my love to you both!!! <3
I'd love to donate my hair but have no originations who I agree with.....any recommendations?
🤗🤗🤗🤗
Even if you had a wart on your nose you would be  beautiful, because beauty  comes from within 😉  Your doing a terrific job, cry all you want if that helps , scary is scary  Love your love ❤
Just going to say Love you guys
Hey Becky what amazing story of. Your cancer story oh my goodness this is such inspirational story for us teenagers girls and women I love your spirit and your brave to this video around the world wow😘🌍🥂❤️😍💋we are all here for you xxxxxx 😍🍾🌍🍷
I think and pray for you and Eamon daily.
Beautiful ❤️
Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair. Sending well wishes and much love!
you are both so damn brave! I love you both and send you healing prayers.  Bec, you are amazing, beautiful and so kind!   Eamon, you are the best partner, and my heart breaks because I know how hard it is to have someone we love suffer.  I know you would trade places in an instant.  Again, wishing you all the best and I KNOW you will beat this!!!
bec, you are incredible.
You’re so beautiful in every way!  ❤️❤️❤️😊😊😊
I’ve literally never seen someone rock a bald head as well as you do Bec. You are so amazing and so inspiring. I think a lot of us never realize how much value we put on certain aspects of our appearance to feel beautiful and forget it’s really what’s on the inside that counts. Bec, you have the most beautiful soul. Here for you. Sending love as always.
I don’’t know what happened to my post but long story short, I hav been in remmission for the last twenty years.
You are doing so well Beck! We are right there with you, loving you and praying for you both. Keep up the good work, you are an example to all of us out here. You are not alone. If I ever get sick, I am going to hang around Eamon, who is amazingly supportive and so kind. Lots of love flying over the miles to you both. 💕 Australia
This obviously self-centered, spoiled lady acts as if she is the first / only woman to go through this.
You always looks so gorgeous. Hairs doesn't matter ♥️♥️
You have a beautiful face and head, so that's a good thing! I loved the shaved look .... but I know it's hard. The long brown wig looks fantastic on you.
This is a true testament to how pretty Bec is! She’s sooo cute with long hair, short hair, shaved head! Crazy! But when her hair comes back and it’s that bob… I’m gonna low-key crush on her for months. 😋❤️
Such a beautiful person with such a beautiful heart❤️
This is a phase in life you have to go through to because you need to inspire others out there. You are the voice of so many out there, your energy your positive attitude is something so many plp need right now.. you are gods angel never for get that ❤️❤️❤️hugs and kisses all the way from Orlando, fl …..KEEP SHINNING ❤️❤️🙏
Your amazing heart and beautiful soul make you beautiful and strong, the hair is just an accessory. We're here for you, every inch that falls every nch that grows. It'll come back, even shinier and stronger than before. Love ya😘❤
I bet your sharing of this time is going to help so many people feel less alone.
I've never met you and probably never will, but I truly love you both so much.  Thank you, as always, from the bottom of my heart for sharing your journey with us and for sharing your strength, bravery, talent, and wisdom.  You both are beautiful individually but together hit a level that few ever do.
Bec, I love the bold head!! My best friend shaved her hair off 2 years ago and she doesn't even want to grow her  hair back. I actually even consider doing it. You look beautiful!!  Also I almost cried when you revealed that you kept Eamon's ponytail. That is soo amazing and sweet!!!
I cried so many tears watching this. I know I would cry too if I lost my hair. But Bec you look amazing and Eamon you are the best hype man! I know it’s real! You guys are beautiful people. ❤️
I completely agree with Eamon: Bec, you are amazingly beautiful, no matter what! WOW! And the strength you two are together is so empowering, even for me, way over here in like ole Albuquerque NM! Thank you for your authenticity. Thank you so much for being so real with us. I love you two *so* much 🌹
Anne Hathaway in Les Miserables all the way ❤️❤️❤️  Bec, you do look great. It's not just a "fake saying". You are lucky for your big eyes and overall beauty in the face💝
The most beautiful woman I've seen! Thank you for sharing your journey with the world. My prayers have continued for you both. You got this❣ 💪
Lots of luv from thus side of the world. 🇿🇦♥️♥️
Back in 2001 I got chemo for Multiple Myaloma.. After two rounds I had to surrender my hair by shaving my head. Cool thing was that Katy Harmon, Miss America was touring the hospital. She came to my room an showed me her crown. All the news networks were following her around and one of them was taking camera shots and gave some copies. I felt so good in that moment. Later in the week I started the process of harvesting my stem cells. One more round of chemo and then they injected them back into my blood stream. Beck
You are pretty with hair, but you are beautiful with no hair! You eyes are more expressive than before.
I’m crying sooooo much, love you guys ❤️
Eamon is right, you have a feminine facial structure and you do still look very beautiful without hair.
I love it
Bec u are beautiful. Loved that Bob u were rocking. Remember hair is just an assessort  extenuate ur beauty. And u dont need it. Ur beautiful inside and out. Now eamon on the other hand he may need the hair. Haha just kidding. Keep shinning like the diamond u r. Peace love good vibes ur way
You’re beautiful Beck ,wish you all the best one this journey and you are strong 💪🏻😘😘😘😘
It’s amazing to love two people I’ve never met. You’re genuine. And, because of you, Bec, I did a self-exam and I’m waiting for diagnostic testing for some lumps I found. You’re making a profound difference in this world. Praying for your well-being, BEAUTIFUL lady❤️
Girl your rocking the bald head!! You look freaking gorgeous!! 😍🥰
I lost my hair although its too late, there is what's called an ice cap.  If you have a very cold head during chemo you dont lose your hair.  I have no idea why it isn't mentioned to patients.  You're strong and have a good support system, it truly helps to get through cancer.
You're both in my prayers - stay strong
we love you bec 😍😍
Just stay bald and wear wigs
Bec you are a very strong and courageous woman to be open to shaving your head so early into kemo therapy. You look so beautiful no matter what your hair looks like and I know you will get better soon ❤️💕💗💗
From a youtube audience guy.  The bob is a good look for you.  Gotta say - this whole sharing of your story takes some serious courage.  Proud of you!
So many beautiful moments we get to witness along side you...much love and support😘 long time subscriber, first time to comment. I was compelled;)💕a beautiful love story! Stay strong...your story matters! Pat
Not a dry eye here. Bec, you are absolutely beautiful inside and out. Eamon, you are unbelievable with your support. Love you guys💕
Zending  Love and strenght from Amsterdam 💕💕
Been a subscriber for probably about 4 years or so now and never comment on anything, think you're handling the whole situation amazingly and are being an amazing inspiration to not only people going through cancer but also people with low self esteem or low confidence in general. Massive well done and keep the living you're best lives!! Peace✌
Good Evening....I am watching your video on your hair coming off. Myself and 60 other women last year that were going to the chemo room. Loved being bald. Your look great! Ps the wig thing didn't work for any of us. Your scalp will be too sore and hot. We all tried it and a cool scarf tied at the back works the best. Silk if you can. The journey is 1/4 through...thinking of you Heather from Cambridge.
We love you guys from the bottom of my heart you are gorgeous inside and out you guys are so inspiring to all of us watching and i will pray for you and your family and once again i love you guys stay strong we can get through this together!!
Bec, stop and look at yourself... truly look at yourself!  You are so beautiful and so strong!  We all ache for you having to go through this, and you are in so many prayers around the world.  But your beauty is so much more than just external appearances, so please take comfort in the love and good will pouring out to you from all of us.
You look amazing Bec!!! Please walk around with your head up...ENJOY THE MOMENTS. Love you guys. :)
Oh I cried, I smiled and cried some more. You are a very strong woman! You have a strong man by your side and very strong fan base. You got this beautiful. Hair or no hair, you are absolutely stunning. 💕💕
sending positivity your way, every day Bec ☀️ 💛
It must be so hard there is no way I can even compare I struggle with mental health you you are such good people and I’ve watched for almost two years now and seeing you go through this made me cry. Good that you wear her sweater because I’d think she is watching you now and saying you go girl.
You're beautiful Bec.  Inside and out.
You are amazing! So inspiring! You go girl! Keeping doing you! 😘xxx
Honestly you look like someone out of a Cyberpunk era, cool asf. Stay strong ❤️
You look very good with no hair. I felt your sadness. But I know you will keep getting up. You two will stay in my prayers. Your awesome your sweet. Be blessed friends.
Bec you look gorgeous with or without hair! It is your heart that makes you so beautiful. Not everyone can rock a bald head…but you lady…can! Eamon  was telling you the truth. His love for you shines bright!praying for the both of you through this journey!❤️🙏🏼
I've been thinking about you both and sending positivity your way.   You ARE beautiful... never forget that.  The love you two share is beyond special.
You sooooo rock that style Becs!!! 😍🥰🤩😎xx
Omg Bec you are STUNNINNGGGG!!! Keep rockin it. I loooveee ittt 😍❤️🔥
This video made me cry, laugh and feel all the emotions.    This video showed how much he cares about you and loves you 🥰 he is so supportive and he is like a rock you need right now. I wish all the love to you guys 😍😍 Love from Estonia guys 😍🇪🇪
You are beautiful Bec.  Thanks for letting us join you in this journey.  We are all rooting for you.   Sending love from Nova Scotia.
Get well soon bec. Hugs far far away from borneo❤️❤️❤️
Keep rocking it \m/
Your gorgeous hair compliments your bone structure so well. I bet you could pull off any style because your face is so versatile. I’m glad that you let yourself feel these things, they’re important. If I were there, I would do a full face of makeup on you to show you how beautiful you are
My heart breaks for you and I feel your loss. ❤ You do look STUNNING with a shaved head, it really highlights your gorgeous face. I'm proud of you for sharing your most vulnerable moments, you are brave, strong, tender, and resilient. Love to you.
So incredibly thankful that you have such a peaceful place (at the cabin) to go through this journey. WOW, a little spot of light in the dark - imagine van life + Reno at this time. Praying for you Bec! So much encouragement ♥️
Bec, I’ve been in the “Hair” business for over 40 years.  And you are the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen with no hair.
Bless your hearts❤️
Eamon, Bec, you are both Rockstars.
Beautiful. Praying for you guys!
Okay, 1st, Oso didnt want you to leave him behind because he thought you might need the moral support.  **swoon for good boy** 2nd, that planter is freaking AWESOME!!! 3rd, Eamon, your love of Bec is absolutely amazing and I adore seeing your love for each other and 4th and foremost, Bec: Keep up the amazing attitude.  The down days will happen, but they will be followed by Up days too!  Keep your chin up and know that you are gorgeous no matter how your hair is.  Your hair does not define you.  You ROCK!  F#ck Cancer!  Kick its a$$ girl!!!
I am sorry you are going through this. Sending love your way…
You should name the manikin head Becca, since its Bec's head basically its her but it shouldn't be a junior because that's just a no. Like if you agree!
wigs gotta be called Beatrice
Wow the wig looks so normal!!! Have fun with this girl, It’s an adventure!
You look beautiful!
Bec, you are so much more than just your hair.  I have been through Chemo 2X in my life, and take it from me - Hair is not that important in the long run!  You are beautiful on the inside, and that is what counts ultimately.
Bec you are so freaking beautiful and strong! AND you’re helping so many people putting your journey out there, I know it’s empowering a lot of people. Love you guys! Stay strong 🤍🤍🤍
Bec, you are amazing, beautiful, strong and empowering. Eamon thank you for taking care of our girl. Love to you both!
Thank you for sharing your journey.
Just incase no one knows about the Princess Charity 🧡🤗 on their website they give guidelines how to clean, bunch up and cut your long hair to donate. This charity make wigs   (from your hair) for children who have lost their hair from chemo. My daughter grew her hair for two years and donated4 x 12 inch bunches this Christmas 😀
You have natural beauty with or without hair xxx
Dude, you look amazing bald! P.S Eamon is such a supportive fella and you can tell his hype for you comes from his heart 😍😍💜💜
Youre beautiful xx
Oh my gosh.  I am 62 great grandmother and I am sitting here crying with you.  How wonderful that you both are doing this together and with all of us that do appreciate your transparency of what you are going through.
You're doing great
It’s crazy how totally amazing you look, just WOW😍 Thank you for sharing your journey and you look like you’re doing well which puts a smile on my face so, thank you for that🙂 Sending love and positivity your way🧿
You know what is totally cool Hanna tattoo on your head it wears off and you can customize it look them up on line some of them are beautiful. Know it girl you are rocking the bald head looks better than when Brittney Spears did hers!
Hi Bec, you look great without hair. Boldness is just another way of hair-due and it suits you.   I don't know if the latest discoveries of way's to treat cancer (or better to help the treat against cancer) is known in Canada, but in Europe they found evidence that cancer cells live on glucose (sugar) and the need lots of it! The human body can survive without sugars and can live on protein and fat. As you try to eat very healthy you may try to live free off added sugar. I'm not a doctor, so inform yourself by asking you doctor or dietician. There are studies with show a very positive effect off low sugar diets, or even intermediate fasting. Some specialist still not believe in low sugar diets as a way to help the fight against cancer, other say some people could not been cured is they continued eating sugars.  Just search the internet for more information if you are interested.
you have no idea how important it is that you're sharing it. As a woman, hair is such a part of our identity, and it's scary to not know what's going to happen. But watching you go through this with grace and positivity has been incredible. Thank you.
I'm so glad you have your honey Eamon by your side while you maneuver this obstacle in life. He's been a prince. You've got this Bec and we're all rooting for ya girl! BTW YOU FRICKIN ROCK BALD GIRL! SO SEXY ON YOU. WTH?!   So much love, light, and hugs your way.🥰🥰🥰
I’ve been watching your guy’s videos for the past few years and Bec you look absolutely beautiful with a shaved head, your beautiful on the inside out no matter what. You truly shine so bright ❤️
In April of 2020 I was diagnosed with stage four colon cancer. The chemo treatments didn’t make me lose all of my hair but I remember standing in the shower pulling out handfuls of hair. It’s so thin now I have thought about shaving it all off so many times. Unfortunately the chemo didn’t work and my cancer has metastasized to the bone. They say I have about 6 months to a year left. I guess my point is I think about you every day. Cancer is such an awful thing to endure. All we can do is take the time we have and make the most of it. ♥️ BTW you really do pull off the bald look. Girl, you are hot!!
❤️🤗
I am sending you Reiki healing light. You will power through this❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing your journey it is helping so many.❤️❤️❤️
you could be bald and put a black refuse bag on and still look beautiful, looks mean nothing when your beautiful from the inside anyway, best of luck with your treatment, I've read that if you put an unwaxed lemon in the freezer then the following day grate the rind over a salad and its meant to be 400 times more powerful than chemo, worth a try
Oh my gosh you're so beautiful with any hairstyle!! I am cheering you both (and your families) on so much always, but especially right now <3 Thank you for sharing your vulnerable journey, I know it will help so many going through so many things.
Honestly listen to strangers! You’re gorgeous!!!! ❤️❤️ Eamonn is so right!!
Bec you look so so beautiful with and without hair❤️
Beautiful girl, we are cheering for you from all around the world! You seriously look incredible despite everything you are fighting through right now. If I’m totally honest, having hair is so overrated and just hides everyone’s natural beauty which you are rocking!  + there couldn’t have been anyone better then Eamon to walk through this journey beside! Sending so much love to you both 🤍🌿
Beatrice…Bee..at ris..
You do look awesome minus the hair!!!! I like it better than when you put the scarf/beanie on.  Seriously you look great.
Stay strong bec , feel for you , but your still a special lady !  Jobro  fro Scotland  xxxx
Your buddy is right you do look beautiful xxx
You’re amazing. You look beautiful. Stay strong and get well soon!
All I can say is WOW your sexy as *uck without hair,not that you wasn't before,it's you personality that make you anyways.stay strong Eamon needs you,look at that guy,just kidding your the man Eamon,love you guys.✌️❤️❤️✌️
OMG Bec you look like a young Sinead O’Connor. Love all the messing with the wigs Eamon. Keep rocking you guys. 💗💗
You do look absolutely amazing bald.
Hey I just want to share that when I was little I had cancer and I lost my hair but they regrow so much more strong and with more volume. So keep fighting and keep being amazing.
My sister grandma and mother in law all had cancer and beat it. And yet I sit here and weep with you watching this video! I want you to know that you’re not just a badass but your amazingly beautiful! You’re in my prayers and you have our love. I’m signing off now because I’m just a pile of mush. Keep your head up and rock on with your badass self! #yougotthis
Beautiful! 😍 ❤
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out!! ❤️❤️
This was a great video. True and raw and brave. Sending you strength and healing.
You both look like rock stars now.
Carmen
So beautiful with or without hair! Stunner! ❤️🙏☘️
So adorable!  When I had my hair loss to chemo in 2002, we ended up going to a salon to have it shaved off.  However, the stylist thought I was going for the GI Jane look from the movie.  My husband almost lost it.  All good!  I will say it was kinda of nice not having to style hair before going to work each day.  I wore hats & scarves because it was during summer.  Theater funny story was on a trip while flying TSA made me remove my hat for checking for drugs.  LOL!!! You look beautiful!  🥰❤❤  Eamon, the planter was awesome!
You are loved.  Stay strong!  ♥
Love and hugs
You do look great bald Bec. You are gorgeous. And taking control of it on your own terms was the best way to go. You’re both still in my prayers and I love you guys. Also let us know what the chances are for keeping Bear! 🤞🤞🤞
You are both so amazingly strong, raw, and real!  Also may we all have a significant other that is as big a hype man as Eamon. Very inspiring how genuine and supportive you both are for each other!
Be healed in Jesus Name
Looks fab 🤗You could rock any style 🙏 Oddly you look more like Lee💚 even though she had long hair. ✨☮️🙏💚🐾
As a fellow (for life) bald guy, I can't wait until you are no longer one of our cool bald group. G-d speed in recovery. You are strong and have a strong man with you. Can't wait for the vlogs showing you back in your own hairstyle(s) as it all grows back.
In honor of Moira Rose's wig collection,  I think you should name your first wig, Moira!
you do look beautiful. sending lots of love from Australia
💜💜💜💜
You’re beautiful inside and out! Stay strong ❤️❤️❤️
you still look amazing!!!! hair dosent define who you are you're still amazing or without even if it seems it sucks rn it will get better love you bec and lemon is so sweet for supporting you <<<33333 much love
Love y’all!
Bec, I am so afraid of that day where I will get diagnosed with breast cancer...but watching your journey is making me feel so so ready and prepared. Thank you a million times over for sharing these very personal and intimate moments. Luv you. ❤️🇨🇦❤️
Like my wife, you look awesome without your hair!  She also had a wig made out of her own hair, which in the end she never wore and instead donated .... Good luck and all the best to you. June 2nd, we're celebrating it's been seven years. Chances of it coming back are less than 10 % now. I hope you guys can have the same celebration  a few years from now. Hang in there guys!!
Bec you are beautiful inside & out! 💖 You have an incredible personality & you’re so strong. 💕 I admire both of you for sharing such a personal & emotional experience . You & Eamon truly are a perfect couple. Thinking of you guys & wishing you all the best. Big hugs to both of you!
You have a great shape head and you look amazing. I know it’s hard and I can’t imagine but you are so strong and beautiful!
Love you Eamon & Bec! Bec, you are doing AH-Mazing! You look SO GOOD with no hair and I am so impressed and inspired watching you move through this challenging time.  You and your whole family are in my thoughts. I wish you both the best! <3<3<3
Even more stunning with a bald head! How is that possible? You rock on ma belle 👏🏻💕👍🏽🌈
ABSOLUTELY Stunning!!! Y'all are such an inspiration. A BEAUTIFUL Power couple. Bec... You beyond beautiful inside and out! TY so much 4sharing your journey... Howdy there Texas🥰🤗
All my love and support during this time and always. So you look amazing bald!
Omg you look totally bad ass fabulous with shaved hair !!! X
Before I watched your video today. I told myself to go to my sunny spot in the house where I pray. I sent the sweetest prayer of sunshine, positivity, beautiful vibes & love during your journey. You are beautiful! Much love to you both.
You are SO beautiful Bec.  Inside and out. Truly.
You look bad ass girl !!! Rocking it 💪🏼💕💕. You kill it in a scarf wrap!! You killl it and make it look amazing and the big earrings also alone amazing. You need to try different color hair!!! That be soo cool even pink !!!!
It's crazy how much love you can have for someone you've never met - you're both absolutely wonderful and my heart is so full for you guys 💖 it's so brave sharing something so personal, thank you for being so open 💕 sending so much love 💕 xxx
Honestly your head has the perfect shape your hairline everything just so beautiful
You are such a brave beautiful woman! You truly are rocking the bald look, the last shot in the couch remembered me of my new born, with his cute little almost hairless head. You can conquer the world
What are some good words for you to hear you are a fighter!
Your beauty comes from within and you glow. You guys show that love conquers all.
You are so lovely Bec! You two are a lovely team. Healing energys for you Bec!
your so strong and you are beautiful no matter what. stay strong and I love you so much ❤️
Bec, you make everything beautiful, everything!!
Eamon you are the best man and Bec you rock the baldness. There is no shame in letting out all of your emotion Eamon  and Bec. I am sending prayers and love.
Just want to say when Eamon shaved one side of your head and you had the bob on the other, it looked great! Somehow you made it still feminine😊 I would go for that cut once your hair grows back😊
Sending you all the positive vibes and love Bec. You are so strong and you’re kicking cancer butt!! Also I feel like the name Gwendolyn for your wig would be so lovely.
My heart breaks for you bec but you look like a bad ass, beautiful, boss lady. Ride those emotions but just know that your gorgeous soul makes you glow, with or without your hair. P. S eamon you are an angel! Youre doing a great job but dont forget to look after yourself too.
❤️❤️❤️🤩🤩🤩
I cried buckets in sorrow… but also in joy!!  Watching this video.. You are all things beautiful inside and out!! Your courage and bravery is inspiring!! ❤️
Beautiful!
You guys are SO amazing. SO inspirational. Thank you <3
Eamon, you deserve a huge HUG for shaving Bec's head.  Bec, you are beautiful!
The two things that come to mind when I see a woman with a shaved head is a: how it highlights the face and eyes and b: how strong they look.  Stay strong, think positive and love each other. You got this 👊🏻💪🏻
Tank Grrl is a beautiful look and always has been.  Bec, have Eamon buy you some combat boots and a leather jacket!
You guys are so precious. Wishing you all the love and support. It’s amazing to see how you’re going through it all. Hoping the universe will grant you all your future wishes.  Hugs and kisses x
You actually look amazing without hair.  :)
💜💜
So beautiful with the most beautiful soul. My heart is with you guys❤️
Your in our prayers.  WE love YOU both very much!
You are an amazingly strong and beautiful woman, Bec! Eamon is the perfect person for you! Stay positive!
Prayers I totally understand how you feel. I've been growing my hair for years and I'm so attached to it and I totally relay it is my identity my sister is a hairdresser and she bugs me all the time to cut my hair short to cut my hair short. I am so proud of you for being who you are and trusting us to ur journey through this cancer battle. Much love!
You look and ARE bad ass!  Suck in all of your badassness:)  I feel so honored that you have allowed me to come along this journey with you.  I hope you feel all of the feels that are being sent out in the universe, just for you (and Eamon and Oso, too).  Listen for Lee's laughter surrounding you.  Peace be with you!
Bec, you are so rad, you can do any look 👏
You look truly beautiful bec! And congrats on the 1 million! Thats a happy milestone to celebrate! ❤️
Bec has rocked every hairstyle and the bald head looks amazing on you!!
Eamon . . . you are THE BEST champion and support system anyone could want!  I know this time is very stressful and frightening to you, too.  And heartbreaking.  But you are positive and encouraging and supportive to Bec 24/7.  Bravo . . . what a guy!
Bec you are such a courageous, beautiful human and the strength you have is incredible!!  Thank you sharing your journey.  Sending much love and support. ❤
Bec it breaks my heart seeing you go through this. It's not fair that this is happening to such a young, beautiful, kind-hearted person like you. I also wanna thank Eamon for being such a supportive partner. Please hang in there.
❤️
We love you Bec! You got this. Eamon is amazing.
Absolutely STUNNING!!!! My love and prayers are out to you always! Bald is beautiful
About a month in I started having weird dreams some of them were crazy fun!
Sending all the thoughts and best wishes your way … can’t get over how cute you look and how strong you are to share your journey with the community. Love how the genuine connection between you too always shines though in your videos …you got each other’s back and will smash this
Hugs to you as you journey through cancer.
Pray for God to heal u darling  more strength more health  more love u guys 🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨🇱🇨👏💐💪❤❤❤❤
Unfortunately society has made having long hair such a definition of beauty that it becomes a crippling thing when something like this happens. You look beautiful like we knew you would.
So beautiful with and without hair . You rock .❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Sending you lots of healing love .⭐❤🌸🍀❤️
You guys are so incredible, strong, beautiful and I now you will overcome this obstacle like many before. Take care and smile. It makes people happy !!!
You look like a badass with a bald head. You can pull off any length, and you’re still incredibly beautiful. You’re radiant, and your strength with your journey just makes me admire you both so much. Sending all the love!
You are beautiful inside and out . I am in awe of your strength. Eamon i hope you are taking some time to look after yourself have someone to talk to allowing you to process everything Bec and you are going through. Much love to both of you ❤️
Congrats on 1 mil. Love you guys.
YOUR BEAUTIFUL!!💋💗💀🫂 <- huggs
Sending love to you Bec and Eamon too!! Eamon, don't hold it all in yourself, I know you feel like you have to stay strong but don't hesitate to feel your feelings.
I think you look great and can carry off the bald head.  You're one of those woman who look great with the bald look!
gorgeous strong woman
You guys are amazing … I’m in awe of you both, you should be very proud of the strength you both have together ❤️
Girl your cute with no hair.  One day y’all’s  kiddos will be playing with all your wigs for dress up.  Continue Prayers for God’s healing.  Congratulations on a million subscribers!!!
Bec, you’re gorgeous! Hair or no hair 💜
Sweetie, you look really cute with short hair.
Sending all the ❤️  Bec you are truly amazing,  you got this!! U couldn't have a better partner for support 😊
Oh, Bec, my heart was breaking for you during this video.  I am sending you MUCH strength to continue thru the journey you are on.  And Eamon is right . . . you look FABULOUS without your hair.  Truly.  It compliments your lean frame and sweet face.  Courage, my Dear.  You are doing great!
Bonjour du Québec.  We love you guy. 😊😊😊
keep your head up bec you are strong and having eamon as your partner  i cant imagine having the basis of love you have behind you with your family and subscribers. it may not get better quick but its a part of life. Wishing you the best with chemo treatments and hoping you'll be strong soon
lots of love... you're so lucky to have met each other... all the best
Bec I'd like it known you are beautiful. The strength that you have shown through your journey is amazing.  Thanks for sharing this with us. You rock keep it up stay strong Queen
You guys are fricking BEAUTIFULLLL😗🥰😍  Sending love & light to you everyday✌️ Rock & roll baby😁💞💯
Love you guys❤️❤️❤️
Beautiful, all of it, all of you guys and Ohso....you've built a beautiful life and living it to the fullest.  Look forward to each week and CONGRATS !! on 1M subs !!!!
Name for the wig- Esme
Just sending you so much love.
Bec - you are gorgeous in every way!! I am in awe of your strength as you share your journey with us. And Eamon, you are a rockstar, dude. Seriously!! Much love to you both ❤️
Sending you both so much love and positivity. Remember, you are SO beautiful! Thank you for sharing this journey with everyone and again, sending immense amounts of love ❤️
I’m a brand new subscriber to the channel. Your videos prior to your diagnosis were kick ass and inspiring but moreso now while you are going thru your journey. You are so beautiful inside and out and I wish all the best for you and your recovery. Your videos are very empowering and touching and do cause tears to drop but your journey is so admirable. Wish you both all the best. ❤️
Bec you are amazing and beautiful 😍 💖 💗
Bec, you are gorgeous with hair, without hair…doesn’t matter! Your energy is so positive and beautiful! Eamon, you are such an amazing and supportive partner. Love seeing the love you have for one another. Very special. Sending love and healing energy. 💗
wow bec you are so gorgeous im praying for your health but your strength will guide you
Her eyes look amazing just so highlighted i love the shaved look!
Bec you look beautiful without hair. My thoughts and prayers are with you during this difficult journey
Wow you are so beautiful Bec and not just saying that. Most of all is the beauty that radiates from within you. Stay strong ❤
You're beautiful, you're strong, you're amazing.
🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡👸🏻
You have to name the wig “Dolly” for the Queen of wigs. Dolly Parton.
Bec, you look amazing with no hair and no, I’m not just saying that. And come to think of it, you’d still look amazing if you lost every last bit of hair on your body. Keep being you 💙
I'm not sure that you are aware of the extent of your inner strength and beauty. The energy that pours through your eyes and smile are intoxicating. You and Eamon are one of those couples who can certainly exist alone, separately, but generate much more positive energy together. Love you both.
More power to you emon and Bec ♥️♥️♥️
Inside
You're beautiful bald with hair with a wig anyway you wanna rock it rocket because it doesn't matter what's on the outside at matters which on the
Bec you are so strong and your emotions so raw. Eamon you are such a rock star. The love;support and compassion you continue to show Bec is incredible. I know you are suffering as much a Bec yet you stay strong for her. Bec you totally rock bold. Your stunning features pop💕💕💕💕💕
Don’t know if others have said this, but you ROCK the GI Jane look!!! You look beautiful!!!
Love you guys! You both are soooo amazing! Bec, please stay strong. You are such a beautiful person inside out, and i mean it 💗 Eamon you said the best again: "you don΄t need hair for love". SOOO TRUE, ΥΟU ARE  I N C R E D I B L E !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Kisses from Greece
Sending you love
I cried the entire way through this. My mom had been battling cancer 2+ years now. I took her for her pre chemo hair loss appointment and have helped her pick her wigs. But we've also now been stationed overseas and I can't be there for the day in and day out. My mom never realized how significant hair was until she lost hers, either.
Thank you for showing  us both your hard times and you good times. You are an inspiration to millions of people.
I love the planter that Eamon bought with the glasses
You look beautiful Bec ❤️  We Love You!!!!!
Sending hugs from the Philippines ❤️ So much strength, love, faith and truth in this vlog ❤️ loveyou both!
Bec, your whole entire being throughout this process is so amazing, you are strong, fierce and powerful. I think whatever you name your first wig, should reflect this inner strength. Since you've nicknamed chemo "liquid sunshine' perhaps the wig should be called Radiance because it is who you are, through and through <3
The shape of your head is beautiful!
I will never forget when I heard someone say that a woman who looks just as good with all her hair pulled back is truly beautiful. You look just as beautiful without hair as you do with it, I swear! ☀️
You guys are beyond amazing, just amazing x x x
❤
Stunning as always Bec! Love you
You look beautiful in each stage. Sending all the Positive energy your way 💜
Love you guys! You are amazing.. hang in there !
I send You both lot of LOVE! ❤⚘
A beauty with long hair, a pixie with short hair, and I'm sure a looker with no hair..  Your beauty is contained within, Bec.
I love you both so much. ❤️
You are so brave for not only fighting cancer but sharing your story! keep fighting! I also have a skin tag mole on my left armpit.
After the chemo, I really think you should keep the bob look! You look so adorable in short hair!
Sending so much love your way ❤️
You are both beautiful ♥️ your gonna get through this. My heart is with you both.
HOLY SMOKES, YOU LOOK SO GORGEOUS WITH A BALD HEAD!! 🤩👏🏼♥️♥️♥️
I think Eamon might be living out a few fantasies with all your different wigs! lol I have a friend going through cancer treatments and her husband loves all her different wigs and colors. He says she is really sexy! I believe he shaved her head for her too! Some people - men as well as women - can rock no hair! You are definitely one of those. Your smile makes you shine! Keep your positive outlook on life and one day you will be rocking that little one in your arms! Continued prayers for your journey!   🙏🏻💜🙏🏻 From Texas
You look like a rock star...no, you ARE a rock star!
We love watching your videos. We are so sorry that you guys are going through this difficult time right now. We are praying for you guys. Hang in there. Love  and hugs from the United States.  By the way, my husband had 2 of those moles on his head. We always said that his brain was coming out because he is has so much knowledge. Lol! He recently got them removed and burned so that they don't come back.
the shaved head makes your smile even more prominent then before is that's even possible! you're so gorgeous!!
Bec  you are a beautiful spirit.
You two are amazing & an inspiration ❤ & you really do look beautiful!! & like Eamon said, I'm not just saying that ... you really do ... He's an amazing partner to have on this journey .... you two have got this & I'll be in the rear view mirror before long !! ❤🤗
You are made of sunshine gold. You both are so very strong! Being able to feel and show your emotions as you do is so beautiful and inspirational! I enjoy watching the universe work in your favor throughout this process. I wish you comfort as you continue moving forward!
You look amazing! I watched my mom go through this and it was traumatic for her. We cried together. I cried for you too, knowing how it feels to be attached to hair and not having it making you feel not as beautiful. Since having Covid last year, my hair has been shedding more than normal and already thin hair is thinner and I’ve cried over it and I cannot imagine how losing it all must feel. You’ve got this, you are strong and we’re all glad you’re here ❤️❤️❤️ Eamon is the sweetest, you are so lucky to have each other!
We are standing with you on this journey.  We send you are prayers.
My similar journey had me shaving my head on Halloween. It was strangely liberating to take control of the hair loss.  I hated wigs and went the scarf route. Now, 26 years later, I miss the super short hair and obviously not the chemo. Blessings
Kudos to a brave young woman, Bec! I feel bad that you are going through all of this. Eamon, I can only dream of a guy like you. You are sometimes so incredibly funny. But kudos to you for the kindness and care you are giving Bec!
stay strong love u guys❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec look we love u no matter what my whole family watches your guys video and we all love u<3333💘💘
I balled my eyes out. You do look cool though. Total rock star.
As a woman it's hard. I understand but hair is just a casualty of war in the fight against cancer. You are so strong and you look amazing. 💗
Cheesy comment: Damn, girl! You are pretty with long hair. The pixie cut was cute. The bald head looks like you're ready to strap up and kick cancer's ass.   Fight like a girl!
I cried the whole time with you in the bathroom and your strength is so empowering. You shine from the inside out Bec!!! Eamen you are wonderful and so in love with this beautiful lady. I admire the journey of support you are proving to be the ultimate hero and Bec’s number one. You both complete each other.  I love you guys and didn’t know that complete strangers would bring sobs and laughter and prayer to me at the same time. God bless🙏
If anything Bec, it shows your natural beauty off even more.
You are both so very beautiful. Warm hugs. Love you.
💓💓💓💓💓
You are so brave and beautiful
Bec! You look like such a beautiful bad-a**!!! 😍
When Eamon started shaving i started thinking of the old "free Fanta with haircut" video.  (Oh yes.  i did rock that for like two weeks just to mess with people back then)   You will rock this Bec. So damn strong still making videos on top of it all.  Never give up and continue to push forward.  Waiting for the next video allready.
Aw lookin good hun ❤️ always so beautiful.so proud to follow your journey with U an Eamon your so strong an positive an we love ya.been watching for 2yrs now and you both have grown so much.how U make times like this inspirational I have no idea but U do.just two truely amazing people ❤️your Australian family.❤️🇦🇺
Your amazing person Bec your hair is only about 5% of you so just remember you are amazing, kind, beautiful, a ray of sunshine, and are loved so very very much! 👴👣😇💖💗💓💞💕🤎❣💛💚🧡💜💙💯
Bec I wish I was there, I just want to give you a great big hug and tell you how much I love you!  This is the hardest journey you will ever have to go through in your life and you are handling this with such grace and optimism ....thank you for sharing your cancer journey with all of us....there are hundreds of people watching who also have cancer and are drawing strength from you...you are a wonderful person and you ARE beautiful with out hair....when you wear your wig it looks like you.....like nothing has changed...and I think the ball cap with the hair is really cute! But with all that said about your wigs when you decide to just be free and empowered and take your head coverings off GOOD FOR YOU!  I love you so much even though I have never met you....I have been watching your channel back when you traveled with Trent and Allie and Jordan and Kaylee.....in your van....I have watched all the adventures and they will come about again!  hang in there sweetheart we all love you and want you to be free from this cancer...
Guys you are amazing people. Bec, u beautiful human being all I can see and feel through the videos is how pure energy you are emitting. You are blessed and alive and remember that in every single second. Love from across the continent from a little country called, North Macedonia. <3
Bec, you are sooooo strong and sooooo beautiful. 💖💖💖💖💖. Sending my prayers x
Bec, you look amazing. Not just saying it but being truthful.  I feel honored that you both are sharing this with us. I am also grateful that you are feeling the love. Prayers continue and sending my my heart to you both and your families and friends. "The Lord bless you and keep you. The Lord make His face to shine upon you and give you peace". We used to sing this in our high school madrigal group, and I used to sing it with my mom and brother.My prayer for you both today. ❤ ❤
I’ve always known this, but this video cements it: you two are beautiful human beings. And def made for one another❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful Bec! You are a strong woman.  You got this. Kick cancers a**.
I cried too. It’s not an easy road. Just know even though many of us don’t know you personally, we are part of your life just from behind a screens distance. Your beautiful Bec and don’t forget that. Praying for you and Eamon. 🙏💕🇨🇦
Bec you are amazing. Thanks for sharing your most intimate parts of yourself with the world.
Can I just say…We all could use a hype man like Eamon! Bec you are so STRONG 💪🏻 and absolutely STUNNING with or without hair. What makes you such a beautiful person is your personality, your courage, your strength and your vulnerability to document this journey. #BecBadass 🥰
Thank you so much for being brave enough to do this Bec. It would be so easy to just take a break from you tube through this. But as a health care professional who fairly regularly sees people at different stages in their cancer journey, these videos, more than anything else are helping me to understand what it's really truly like for them. These videos would make a great learning tool for all future healthcare professionals! You are doing an amazing job Bec. Xx
You have a great head!!
Prayers for ya Bec
You are beautiful, Bec! A very lovely head indeed. 😍 I have two moles on my head and have always worried about exposing them as well so you’re not alone. It’s great to know that it can be taken off easily in case of hair loss, as many of us have them! I know Lee is rooting for you. I also lost my best friend and I think of her often and she sends me strength in challenging times. And lastly, Eamon you are the bestest buddy. 💗
incredibly inspirational.  the both of your genuineness'' is off the charts. thankyou four being so wonderful in sharing this for those of us who remember, or who are just in the beginning stages, or haven't yet been touched by this reality. We are all one. thank you with much love and hugs
Bec The Beautiful ❤️
You look beautiful 😍!!!
Could you two be any more wonderful, any more loving and inspiring.  I don't know you irl but I just love you so much. By the way, to reiterate on the fact that shaving your head is the hottest new style, my daughter insisted on shaving her hair off.  I was against it at first but as Eamon said "it's just hair", she looks as gorgeous as you do Bec.  So glad you love it.
OMG a you look amazing. BTW Eamon is a keeper, what a wonderful partner.
You DO look great bald!!  Blessings are following you every step of this journey.  You are setting a great example of humility and gratitude for life and the thankfulness you have for just small appreciations should be something we all can learn from.  Continued blessings to you and yours and for allowing us to tag along.  Your optimism is free therapy, thank you.
I just saw your thumbnail and said out load….Becs you are sooo beautiful x x love following you guys just wish you weren’t facing this current challenge ❤️❤️
Stoppp I’m crying you both are so strong and Bec looks amazing in every single bit of the video! Praying for you and sending the best energy your way🤍🤍 much love
Bec,  It's cliché but, you are truly beautiful inside our.   In addition to your physical beauty, Like me,  Ithe fans of the channel are in love with the beauty of your heart, then your spirit, your smile and then the rest including your hair.
You both are amazing 💛
I love you bec!! Keep Fighting 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
You can get some cute wigs on Wish cheap!
Bec you are strong and beautiful and Eamon you are a great supporter and partner, sending love and prayers your way! Also Oso is a good boy!
You are going to be…always beautiful! ❤️❤️
Bec in a hair salon with breast cancer   Eamon ‘you look sick’  Nice choice of words there bud
Your head shape & face structure are perfect, not many people can put off shaved hair & you look absolutely gorgeous ❤️❤️ sending love from wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 UK 🇬🇧
A lot of Love to you Both
Bec thank you for sharing your journey of chemo …you are beautiful with a shaved head just as Eamon said.  You will get through your coming months with flying colors because you are facing all the challenges with acceptance.
Not even kidding, Bec literally looks so good though
Eamon I pray to god if I ever become sick my husband is half as amazing to me as you are to bec we love you guys stay postive my mom had small cell lung cancer with an inoperable tumor it did not kill she did pass 16 years later she was murdered but I still can't believe how strong she was during her cancer. She chose to be positive she worked as long as she could and chose to kick cancers ass you will too!
Your amazing and so strong bec you got this you are inspiring so many people
Bec, the bald look looks good on you.  Personally, I like it as a change from your long hair.  Both suit you.  I'm sorry you have cancer.
My favorite part of this video is 25:40. When you look at yourself in the mirror and for a moment, you smile. It was such a powerful thing to see. You are a rockstar Bec. Your soul shines so bright, brighter than hair, brighter than anything.
love you guys. stay strong
Eamon you are brave too, great love to you both.
Hand on heart that bald head is gangster and you should keep it permanently.   Not only does it not detract from your looks, it makes you EVEN more of a smoke show 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥.
I don’t know you IRL but I feel I do. I’ve said I’m a cancer survivor too, a million times in my comments to you, so I bawled and bawled during this video.  Thank you for sharing this journey with all of us. I have PTSD from when I had cancer, so watching what you’re going through is helping me to heal my mind, heart and soul.  Love you Bec ❤️. Eamon, you need to shave your head too 🤗❤️
You are so beautiful from the inside out Bec . Sending you and Eamon such positive vibes from Toronto 💗
You are just amazing xxxxxx
I cried , I remember …. You look adorable with the bob! Hang in there when mine came back it grew twice as fast and is now down to my hips…. Love you girl!
I Love you guys!! That's all I know ❣️❣️
You’re simply beautiful! I pray for you. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are beautiful Bec! You and Eamon are just amazing! Lots of hugs!
Ramon is right you look beautiful with or without hair. I knew lady who would shaved head and some people can do. bald and look good. Praise God you get another blessing of a breast survivor and could take care of your mold. Glad you have a good support.
I am battling cancer now, and know exactly what you have been through. Hanging in there, pray everyday, God bless you!
Bec, You are so brave to share - you ARE beautiful - and I am betting that you are being a huge blessing to other women going through this. Hugs  Oh - and Eamon is just an adorable sweetheart.
Bec you really do rock the baldness, you're beautiful and Eamon you are awesome.
Love you guys 😘
Love y'all bunches, Bec you're beautiful inside out, Eamon is blessing,an amazing and awesome loving compassionate one of a kind partner you have in your life Bec. Bec, again, your are beautiful and a gentle soul, stronger than you know. Sending lots and lots of love hugs and prayers daily to y'all from Odessa TX USA 🤗💖🤗💖🤗💖🤗💖
You are absolutely beautiful with or without hair Bec. You will fight this big C . You're so lucky to have the best support! Love you Bec and always praying for you. Hugs ..
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you guys got this!!! Super proud of you.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💝💝💝💝Bec and Eamon kudos for this !
you absolutely DO look fabulous bald.
I look forward to ever video!  You both are amazing people. So beautiful souls.    Thanks for making me feel like your family. ❤️❤️
Prayers from Arizona to all of you....
I was crying .because I am always so blown away by the love you both have for one another. When Eamon said "Buddy...when you were in the shower"....I thought wow I wish I could be in a romantic relationship as strong as the both of yours. To see Eamon standing by you every step of the way is the sweetest thing. Also Bec thank you for showing all the emotions....the world needs to see how hard having an illness can be so we can learn to support one another better...and maybe inspire others to help more via donations to cancer research & etc. Bec you are so inspiring....you're fighting spirit is amazing!! Praying for you & sending so much love & positive energy!!
😘😍❤️
You are such a Queen lady!!! You got this!
You really TRULY ARE beyond beautiful!!! You actually are pretty amazing & brave!!!! Love and prayers for you both! From WV, Sherry
You are so beautiful and sending you SO much love!! I think you should name your wig Moira, if you’re as big of a fan of Schitt’s Creek as I am, what a perfect fun tribute to beautiful wigs & sass!
You’re soooooo brave dear Bec and what an amazing partner you have. Just the two of you❤️ Love from the Netherlands ❤️ Nicole
Beauty has less to do with hair and more to do with the heart and spirit within.  You totally have this.
Bec.  You have such incredible bone structure as well as your eyes and smile.  You are beautiful on the outside but what shines out and is evrn more beautifuĺ is your amazing spirit and personality.  Thank you so very very much for sharing your journey.  Im storing your example of beautiful courage and spirit away as a picture of how to walk a hard journey.  💖💖💖
You look beautiful always Bec and I admire your strength. I’m sending so much love and support to you! You are such a strong beautiful soul. 💖
This video was beautiful and you are so beautiful beck!❤️
Crying all through out the video Bec 🥺 You are beautiful no matter what the hair situation is. Stay strong we are here to support you 😘😘😘 🤎🤎🤎
Your bravery and positivity blow me away. Your gorgeous inside and out.
You look fabulous! Thanks for sharing your journey. So inspiring.
The bob is adorable Bec. Also I wish I could pull off the shaved head look. You rock the shaved look. And Eamon, ❤️you are an amazing support.
We are all here for you Bec! And yes it is sad to see you go through this, but it will be okay in the end. I believe in you and Eamon does to, you are lucky to have him by your side. Love you guys and we are here every step of the way with you 💗💗💗
Beautiful in every way. ✌️❤️
This was an awesome insight, I really enjoyed all you shared, the ups and downs. The quick showers must me amazing. On a side you look amazing bald and on a weird note your head is nice and round/symmetrical. I always felt if I shaved mine off I would have flat spots. You look fab. Also enjoy all the little head wraps and wigs/accessories. So fun.
You are SO SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Idk how many times I’ve cried watching you two! That gift was so thoughtful
You are4 amazing and stronger than you know!
It is very strong and encouraging by you to go through all of this in a very public way and share with the whole world. Wish you the best and a lot of strength for the nexts steps of your journey back to health.
You look so beautiful! Makes me think of some sort of super strong badass sexy warrior from a postapocalyptic future movie.
You’re both so beautiful and thank you so much for this rawness and emotion ❤️❤️❤️ Blessings and awesome vibes to you both!
You are beautiful and it had nothing to do with your hair ❤️
Long hair...short hair...no hair...no matter which way you are beautiful. And that's just the outside  BECAUSE you are the same inside...BEAUTIFUL!!
Bec, you are gorgeous! And Eamon, you’re a super partner. You guys are very inspiring!
U are so strong and you look amazing bold
Love, love, love to you both!
You are so strong. Thanks for sharing the downs as well as the ups. Best of wishes from close by in Gatineau.
You are soooo strong and you look amazing bold
Love you guys, hope you know deep down you’re beauty is so much more than your hair. Both are in our prayers and good thoughts.
You should name the wig - Gwendoline ❤️ #StayStrongBec
Bec- you are absolutely beautiful! The shine in your eyes is just amazing. Eamon you are a wonderful partner and the love that shows between the two of you is the kind of love that is to be celebrated. Hold on to each other as you make this journey.  You got this! Love and hugs to both of you.
Obviously very emotional time but this was such a wonderful video, Bec you are so strong and still light up the room & shine through every new obstacle you face. I love you ❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for this powerful video. Also, could you share where you get your bedding? I'm chronically ill, spend a lot of time in bed and yours looks so comfy!
Sending love and light. We know its just hair but its ours just the same. You look amazing. I cried tears with you ❤️😘
YOU'RE SO, SO BEAUTIFUL..... 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Bec, my heart goes out to you. <3
I am so so proud of you guys and I'm so proud of how supportive for her it brings me joy to my sadness I get chance to smile when I hear you guys's voice how loving you are to keep each other Faith up my prayers are with you and forgive me if it took me so long to say what I want to say you guys I love you guys and I'm so so grateful your conscience every week and mommy you keep your head up you look fabulous whether you have hair or you don't you are beautiful inside and out love you guys and happy Sunday
You both are amazing! Much love to you both! ❤
Eamon is as supportive as my husband was during my chemo. cancer treatment. ❤ Bec, you're doing great!❤
🥰❤
Bec you are amazing! This video had me crying, smiling and praying for you. You are in my thoughts and prayers.
❤️
Hey Bec, about 3 months ago I started losing my hair by the hand fulls. It was for no apparent reason, but it wouldn't stop, and it was getting so thin you could see my scalp. I also had long hair all my life, but I cut it off to just above my shoulders. I started taking biotin and hair skin and nails vitamins.  My hair stopped falling out and started filling in and getting thicker. I know it was falling out for different reasons, but when you finish the chemo, it might could help you grow it back faster! You definitely rock the baldness, and Eamon rocks the long hair! Love to you both! ❤️ 🤗
eamon is seriously so sweet and supportive— sending you so much love!
I went through chemo and rarely wear my wig. My same struggle was that people would know I had cancer. You look great but ways! You sound strong and resilient !
Bec, I lost my hair mysteriously a few years ago,it’s since come back but never been the same. Throughout the process my doctors didn’t really understand what was happening. I know how hard it is to loose your hair. It’s a weird thing and a big blow. I know this isn’t the same as your situation- but I was really touched with how brave you were to share this. You look amazing, you’re radiant, powerful, beautiful and totally rocking it!! ♥️🥰 you got this!!!  Joy, love,  Maren
I cried throughout  this video. U are so loved. Thank you for sharing  this. U are Beautiful ❤️.  Plz believe  this.
it looks really really good.
With this amazingly brave journey you have been going through lately I think it’s only fair to take some pressure off you guys and help you name the wig you got. So I was thinking Stella the stunning wig. Hope you like it!!❤️
The shaved head really shows off your beautiful face, I absolutely love & adore you ❤️
You will always be beautiful with or without your hair!!! You’re beauty will always shine through!! I absolutely love the bald look and you’re definitely rockin it💚💚💚
I have been sad with you but I didn’t cry this video, you are so inspirational and look amazing & strong. It will grow back not only beautiful but thicker. When they see you, people will be sending positive vibes in hopes of healing and comfort. Best wishes.
You're beautiful. Rock your look. More beautiful than Sinead O'connor.
You're so beautiful Bec. Hair or no hair your beauty shines bright!!!
You are amazing Bec, sending you loads of love and prayers. Eamon is right you look so beautiful 💕💗
Bec u are strong and u are beautiful!!! Eamon u are wonderful and u take good care of your girl!! Much love and respect! #BECSTRONG💛💛💛
Sending you so much love and healing energy <3 You look amazing with all the hairstyles you've had in this series!
Bec - you are such an inspiration with how brave you are to share your story. Eamon is right - you look every bit as gorgeous bald as you look with a full head of hair. I am so glad that you have Eamon by your side. I love how supportive and caring he is and I love how you both express so much love for each other. You are both in my prayers as you navigate this journey. God bless you Bec and Eamon and I pray He gives you continued strength to conquer this beast.
You both are loved!  Thank you so much for sharing your life.  You inspire me. ❤
You have a beautiful shaped head, you suit it ❤️❤️
Love u both. Stay strong  xx
You are absolutely beautiful inside and out. Love and positive vibes sent to you through this hard time 💜💜💜
🌞🌞🌞What a journey! I love your attitude and that your so strong and happy. UR SO BEAUTIFUL 💛🌻💛 all the love and light coming your way.  🌞 🌞🌞
You got this
You are both so beautiful, inside and out. You're an awesome example of true, supportive, and unconditional love. Thank you for bringing us on this journey with you. 💝
I love them so much ♡
Love the pot . Where did you get it?
You’re both beautiful…and inspiring 💪❤️
You're beautiful no matter what Bec. It is your amazing personality that shines. Sending you love!!!!!
I'm crying so much yes my dear your beautiful ❤️ My name is Lorena and I'm a cancer survivor  But I'm losing my hair ☹️ I wish I can't buy the shampoo and conditioner I work at Walmart and don't make to much money. Remember God is good.
Bec you are so unbelievably beautiful
You are beautiful 🤩 the hair will grow back you rock💕❤️
You do look beautiful with or without hair and Eamon is such a prize.  You are very lucky, Bec, to have Eamon as your partner.  Every woman should be so lucky.  Your devotion to one another is so admirable and  heartfelt as an outside observer.
❤️
U look amazing and your so lucky to have the husband and support of your family I love u guys and wish the best 👨‍👩‍👧👨‍🍼🤱 can’t wait to see the baby journey..
❤️
Bec you are so incredibly lucky to have such a great support system. When going through challenges, it really does make all the difference ❤️ Also, obviously looks aren’t everything but holy cow you look incredible with a shaved head! Wishing you all the best 💕☺️
Omg you look cute with a bob and you look beautiful bold. You’re just gorgeous and I so admire the positive and honest energy you put out 💕
Bec at 25:33  It’s really more than just physically  Ah. A.(How do Canadians spell that?)
you are so brave and beautiful........you remind me of one of my favorite singers, Sinead O'Conner, who was rocking the bald hair look long before you. and i think she is beautiful just like you!!!!!!!  stay strong
Love you guys! You’re beautiful Bec! And Eamon you’re a wonderful partner. Love love love your dog as well. It’s great to see you get support from the presence of the dog. I struggle with depression and I also get so much support from hugging my dog. I really wish you guys all the love and support
You look GORGEOUS!!!!  You remind me of Demi Moore in GI Jane. Totally badass!!!
Bec, you are gorgeous with or without hair. My prayers are with you Sweetie!! Eamon gets an A+++!
I cannot tell you how much this video meant to me.  My teen son went thru chemo several years ago, and I did not anticipate the drama and pain associated with his hair loss. Assuming that because he was a teen boy, he could just get a buzz cut and move on.... but so much of his identity was tied up in that beautiful, blonde floppy hair of his! Of course, I'm grateful and thankful that he is in remission, and he has a gorgeous head of hair now, but I sure wish I could re-do some of my missteps during those hard days. Your video really opened my eyes to the emotional aspect of this side effect from "liquid sunshine." (Adriamycin is a bitch, am I right??) Thank you for educating us all! Much love and best wishes - only good things to come!!
Absolutely beautiful Bec!  I love the shaved head.  Eamon you are a strength that Bec is lucky to have. Don’t worry Bec, Lee is always with you ❤️ Sending love from Connecticut
Your natural beauty shines through any of the physical elements you are dealing with, Bec. You are and will always be beautiful on the inside and out. And yeah, you rock that shaved head! ❤️
Eamon is so right Bec! Beauty is inside, and your amazing. We follow you and Eamon because you SHINE Stay strong. Love to you both.
You are stunning! You look so sexy shaved... You remind me of Demi Moore in G.I. JANE. I think you need to watch that movie Bec... Sending you so much love and respect. Both of you!.
You're hotter than Demi Moore in GI Jane, Bec! I had a total hysterectomy in 2018 due to endometrial cancer. I was 48. Even though I was done having babies and everything ... it's still a part of you that is gone. I cried and mourned for it too. It's ok to be upset even if your hair will grow back. You're going through something and the hair falling out brings you face to face with it in a very real and powerful way. It's ok to mourn that loss and feel those feelings. Sending you so much love and hugs!
You are so brave to share all of this with us.   There is much beauty in this vulnerability and strength in all this.     Lifting you in prayer in your journey!
You are absolutely gorgeous. Sending Love and hugs to you.
So much love to you both. Laughing and crying right along with you.
Watch "Alien 3" or "Mad Max: Fury Road" for shaved head tough women who kick arse!
Sending love, prayers, and good vibes!! You both have great attitudes towards this whole situation! Stay strong, stay happy, stay courageous and know we support and love you both! 😍
I just want to hug you. You both are so strong ❤️ bec you look beautiful
Beautiful!!!! Stay happy! Big Love!
You look so beautiful💙
I’m sending you lots of love ❤️
you are stunning with or without hair!
Bec, no joke. You are gorgeous with no hair!  I pray for you every night!
You are so strong and brave! You look amazing 😻
Your hair does not define the person you are or your identity. You look like a model with a bald head. Absolutely stunning. Take away from this journey that you can rock being bald! ❤️
You look beautiful! You're strong and loved and you will get through this. Sending healing energy, xxo!!
Warrior 💝
Bec, you are beautiful not only in the outside but in the inside. You are very Brave. Keep on smiling forever. Kisses from Spain
You know it's a very North American thing to think women like better with long hair😉, keep it up♥️
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You're so inspiring. You look beautiful with hair but you REALLY ROCK the bald head. I love it! I wish you all the best.
You are so beautiful and brave- and you look great without hair!!! God bless you both!!!! Continuing to pray for both of you during this journey🙏
You are so cute, hair or no hair! 🤗
❤️
OMG, Bec, you REALLY look great with shaved hair!
Remember sinead o connor when she was young and bald...and we all tought she looks sooo cool??? Well, this calls some memories...reminds me of young sinead. You look like her...and it looks cool.  And I never tought you look pretty because of your long hair. For me it is your smile 🤩🤩 keep shining 🤘🤘🤘
Shout out to Eamon for being that awesome and good support for Bec! Bec is so pretty bald and you can truely see Eamon love her short hair look and bald look. Not just because her love her, but because he teeling  her the true. Bec can have all styles of hair 🥰🥰🥰
You're amazing and a truly stunning person inside and out Bec! Thank you for continuing to inspire others even though you're going through difficult times!
Love you both so very much. 💗 you are so incredibly strong Bec. You have been beautiful at literally every stage of this journey and you will continue to be gorgeous no matter what. ALL of my love and strength your way!!!! 🥰💗🥰💗
Stay strong, your rocking the shaved head x
Bec you look gorgeous, every step of the way!! You have that external beauty, paired with your internal beauty, that shines through always. Much love and support to you guys! ♥️🤘
Bec each and every vlog I’m in awe of how much of a force you are, you are beautiful. You guys are sunshine even on your bad days. Such special humans 💛
You are absolutely beautiful
I worked at a plastic surgery office for years where women would get their reconstruction and one of my favorite parts of my journey with my beautiful patients is when they got to grow their hair back. It is a long journey back but it is an amazing one! The most interesting part is that so many womens hair texture was different coming back. A lot of my patients use to have stuff straight hair and always wanted curls and when their hair grew back the had these beautiful curls. Love watching you and am praying for you and your journey ❤️
You are beautiful with or without the hair.   Sending love and positive energy from Ottawa!
Eamon can u shave your head. Bec you are the most strongest person i ever seen
You look cool Bec ! A strong kick ass girl !!
He is so loving and is taking care of his girl like he should. Specially during this time. Is so hard the process you are going thru but you are a warrior and you will overcome this. 🙏
Wow! Badass Bec vibes lol you really do suit a shaved head! Stunning.
I was thinking I bet Lee is around you ✨☀️✨ and then you said it was her jumper xxx
You look great Bec! 😍😍😍
What wonderful amazeing people you both are!🥀❤🥀
Bec, you are a Rock Star! Beautiful Girl! Eamon you are such an awesome partner! Xox
I'm just blown away by you Bec.  What an amazing woman you are.   Love and my very best wishes to you.  Remember, you are as badass as they come!
You are both beautiful inside and out , wish you all the best in your journey x
You look soooooo beautiful bec. You are looking at a brand new person, so much lively, so much inspiring and soooooo gorgeous. Go for it power girl, you are going to live a long and healthy life. Love you eamon and bec muahhhh
You're gorgeous and strong! ❤️💪
you both are amazing 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
With or without, either way, you look wonderful
❤
You two are a beautiful force and your love and caring for each other is inspiring ❤️
Bec, you are going to conquer this “bump in the road”.  Also, Eamon is a true champion and you’re so lucky to have him in your corner during this fight. I’m a 11 year cancer survivor and can relate t all that you’re going thru.  Your positive attitude and support is exactly what you need to whip this. You are definitely allowed to have your “pity parties” if you want because they also help…YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL WITH NO HAIR!!!  I wouldn’t be surprised if Eamon doesn’t cut off all his hair also. And as for the wigs, just look at it this way, Eamon can have have a different woman each day of the week. Love to you from and old lady, (old enough to be your older mother) in Louisiana USA
Abrazos desde el corazón a todos los que compartimos este momento . Los amo mucho todos estamos juntos.
GOD BLESS YOU BOTH... you look amazing
A few years ago I shaved my head for charity and it does feely really weird. The difference is as I am sure many others will say, you look beautiful!
And ya know you’re gonna have to have a wig fashion show with @wearekingingit :)
bob you look gorgggg!
You rock
You are both beautiful inside and out.  It takes so much strength to share this with a million followers.  Sending 💗💗 and light.
Jesus is the only way truth and life 🙏Turn to Jesus
Gosh you’re so inspiring. Thank you.
Thank you far sharing the journey. Plenty of people can relate ♥️
You're beautiful ❤ I totally thought Tokyo when you got the bob! You're hot rocking any look, kinda like when Jennifer Garner played a spy in Alias. Secret Agent Bec ❤
Brave, beautiful woman!
Gah! So strong and so beautiful. Both of you xxx
You look absolutely stunning Bec. Not to mention that shaving your head is very trendy at the moment.
You are such a bad ass woman. Your strength shines through it all. You are such a inspiration to woman that are going through what you are going through. Thank you for being you Bec. You are simply amazing. Sending positive vibes and lots of love. Keep shining girl. 💕
I was eating when I first started watching this but had to put my food down....because I was crying with you.  I don't think you are vain at all when it comes to losing your hair. I think it's more about what the hair loss represents rather than the actual loss of your hair.  Either way, you are entitled to each and every feeling you have.  I wish every girl going through this had an Eamon by their side. He's pretty amazing.  Thinking of your parents through this as well. It must be hard for them too.  P.S. I was thinking of shaving my head in solidarity with you but I won't look anywhere near as amazing as you do!
Thank you for allowing us to tag along for this chapter of both of your lives.
Eamon you are such a beautiful soul. The way you uplift Bec and just give her all the love she deserves and needs is just beautiful to watch… seriously like watching a real life romance story. Bec, you are STUNNING. I can’t imagine how devastated you felt in that moment but I hope you realize just how beautiful you are inside and out💜💜💜
My son had leukemia at 16.  His hair was a bit longer than your bob.  The morning he woke up with hair on the pillow and in his mouth was when he said ok - this has to go- and we shaved it off.  He is now 31 and still keeps his hair short!  Sending much love your way!
you look great bald, beautiful   youre in my prayers
I’m probably old enough to be your Granny… God bless you both. Sending so much love to you from England x
My best friend had leukemia and the hardest part was losing her hair too. I would always tell her, and now I'm telling you.  Your hair does not define you.  You are still the same strong, beautiful, loving woman and you make bald sexy as hell!!!!! Remember, you're a bad ass and you got this!!!
You don't need a wig. You look lovely  😍
When you lose your eyelashes, try the new self adhesive reusable lashes!
Yes Bec you are Beautiful ...Keep strong ...Lots of Love xx
You are beautiful and look so stunning bald AND with hair :)
Stay strong Rebecca. Eamon will never leave your side.
Sooo much love sent your way!
You're strong and beautiful. I'm praying for you 🙏 ❤️
bec you are so beautiful
Bald is beautiful, sexy, bold, gorgeous, fearless!!! Think about all the magazines that cover beautiful bald women. People, Vogue, NewBeauty, Essence, Allure, Sephora, Women’s Health, New Beauty, Salon Today, Girl’s Life, Hype Hair, Star, Vanity Fair. Take some Glamour Shots and hang them up; this will give you inspiration to hold your head up with so much confidence and express your bald look.
It is so so traumatizing, I am so sorry. It was one of the most devastating experiences for me, no words can describe unless you have been through this.
Yo .. Bec is a bad ass !!! ♥️♥️ You look amazing girl!!!!
Been on your journey, each day brings you closer to getting your life back!  One day you’ll ring that bell and we’ll all celebrate with you!!!
But I had heard many times hair come back even better . But lord your beautiful any way at all !!! Wow 🤩
My dear, dear,  beautiful baby girl...  I  shouldn't say this, but I have to be truthful to myself and to you.  Since the day you told us of yor diagnosis,  a day hasn't gone by that I don't think about you.   I've been sending you my most sincere positive vibes and I included you in my prayers.   And yes, I have cried.   In my prayers,  I  ask the Lord for strength for you during this process.  I have prayed that you can be able to embrace the lack of your beautiful hair with strength and pride.  And He has responded my prayers.   With,  or without hair,  you  are the very same beautiful woman.   And as days go by, you will only get stronger and stronger.   I  also thank God He has given you that amazing man that has been at your side during all of this who has been simply so supportive.  May the Lord continue blessing you both.
Bec you are so beautiful. I’m glad you are feeling a bit better. There are always going to be bad days but good days will follow. Girl you got this. You are amazing and strong. You are a beautiful soul. Hair doesn’t matter. You are so much more beautiful without it 💕❤️
Hair regrowth will be awesome, trust me. In any case you rock seven the bold look.
Oh my gosh you look stunning!!! I can’t!!! 😍😍😍
Shout out to Eamon.
You guys are so great together.  Eamon is such a great support person for you. Love the wrap, wig and even the cap with hair Eamon got you.  I would not be surprised if he went bald with you during this journey.  So much love and compassion you have for each other.
Bec, i love your hair.  We love you
You look great with short hair AND bald! Rock it😎 Focus on getting better, family and FUN!💖
Beaming with Positivity ... Stay Strong... You are our teachers....❤🧡❤
I can imagine how you feel Bec losing your hair. My hair is down to my bum and I'm sad every time I have a decent haircut. I cried along with you watching this video. You do look amazing bald though. You're so brave going through this, even if you don't feel it sometimes. Stay strong ❤
Love to you guys, you BOTH are so brave and beautiful
Bec, I have been trying to find the words. I don't have cancer but I do have unexplained hair loss. I've had test done and everything. I never thought about how attached I was to my hair until it thinned. I was self conscious. I cried. I tried new ways to hide it. In the beginning I felt less feminine. Like my hair gave me that femininity. It's weird to explain. I felt your emotions. It took awhile to see that my hair didnt make me who i am. I'm praying over you and your courage. You are so beautiful.
Inspiring
you are strong, you are beautiful , you are amazing,  you are selfless, you are phenomenal you are gorgeous and you are perfect Sending so much love  , light and positive vibes 💗
❤️🙏
You are honestly amazing Bec 😍 and you look stunning with or without hair, a true beauty! Love to you both xx
You are both so strong and wise and beautiful inside and out. Love you ❤ You really are beautiful Bec. Thank you for sharing.
You are beautiful Bec.
You look super hot, wishing you to get well soon.
Oh Bec, you are so beautiful.   My prayers for you both in this journey.   Much love to you.
You are beautiful Bec ❤️😍
Sending love and so many prayers ❤️
You look beautiful Bec.  And I’m really impressed with the incredible support that Eamon provides.  You will do great.  I have good news to report, I had my follow up 6 month post radiation diagnostic mamogram.  NO CANCER!
yes Bec, you are beautiful and so strong.  Eamon, you are such a great support system, you are the best and Bec is so lucky to have you.  just know that we are here for both of yall <3
Your EYES just dance with beauty 👀💕🎀
*O-U-T-S-T-A-N-D-I-N-G  Miss Bec* !!  Congrats on your journey successes to date. We 'are' so blessed to live in urban/suburban areas of Canada during such an illness.  Luvvvv the new adapted tresses for when 'you' want to wear such.  Congrats to you both and your familia/friends for all the support you have.
You look amazing! Your beauty doesn't come from your hair, it comes from your soul! ❤ , all  of my life I always wanted a Mohawk but was to afraid to get one, well at  40 years old ,  before I was even officially diagnosed...I ran out and got a Mohawk! I loved it, Best decision I've ever  made! Lol
You look beautiful shaved. You don't need a wig. You two are a beautiful couple.
Having someone as supportive as Eamon is so rare. Your strength is so inspiring Bec.
I love you guys both! ❤️ Bec don’t worry at all you are still just as beautiful as before!
You're naturally beautiful, and your beauty shines through even without the hair.  Your hair doesn't define the essence of you.  Sending good thoughts and prayers your way.  This too shall pass.  God Bless!
i'm sorry for what you ar going through but i love that you keep us updated in this hard time. I know it's hard to see yourself this quickly but i love that you try to keep your mood up and try to be strong but its okay to have bad moments... I LOVE THE HUMOR!!! I don't think it was suposed to be this funny but when Osso fell off the bed i was almost crying laughing.
Bec could never be less than beautiful if she tried.  Her beauty comes from her beautiful soul, her spirit, her personality ❤ she's still beautiful even though she doesn't think so. ❤
Bec, I think your amazingly strong and very beautiful woman.  Keep up your glowing personality..   I cried with you, and Eamon is so good for you...  Stay healthy and happy. Your gonna get through this.  Many of us are cheering for you!  We Love Yous...  cheers!!
I have watched so many women in my life go through this process you are now...  I cry along with you, and pay for your health and emotional strength ❤️ Eamon you are such an amazing strong supportive man.. I hope you are getting the support you need as well...
You are so strong and beautiful Bec. Sharing this journey is so beneficial. And it explains always be something you can look back on in the future, to watch the journey you've been on and how far you've come.  Eamon, you are also extremely strong. You deserve all the praise for being the most supportive partner.
❤️👍
❤️❤️❤️
You look so stunning bald. Love you two!!
I'm so stinking proud of you Bec! I can't imagine the journey but you are incredible, most beautiful, and sincerely a treasure in my life and everyone you touch! Eamon I'm not leaving you out buddy! Thank you for all you do and continue to do by being the inspiration of an amazing partner and being. Much love to you guys and I'm so proud of you both! I almost want to shave my head now not only because of how freaking cool it is but in support of your journey! You both are so beautiful..thank you so much for sharing ❤️❤️❤️
When my mom was going through chemo and lost her hair, she said the biggest complement she ever got was when someone told her that she had a perfectly shaped head. So, in that spirit (and being 100% honest), you have a PERFECTLY shaped head. You are strong, powerful, and brave ❤️
As everyone else has said, you look great, it was just hair x
You look FABTABULOUS BALD!!!  Btw Darcy is A great wig name!
Peace love and good vibes from us to you. All the support we can send your way is coming with love and care.
I think your wig’s name definitely needs to be Buddy.  Much love and healing beans.
Sending all the love!
Eamon is soo sweet🥰
A few years back I remember stumbling across your channel. I was new to watching vlogs. The both of you drew me in. Eamon’s high energy along with your radiance kept me watching. I started looking forward to Sundays. You journey has been amazing! You’ve travelled and seen so much of the world. I appreciate you taking the time to share your experiences with us, whether good or bad.  Bec: your smile and inner beauty is bigger than your hair. You are such a beautiful person inside and out. I’m am so grateful to you and so proud of you for sharing this raw, personal story. You are braver and stronger than you give yourself credit for. Keep up pushing through as you still have years of story left to share with us. xoxo Heather
So many girls are going bald just for fun. I’ve been bald for half a year and no one has ever thought I was sick. I really wouldn’t worry too much that people are thinking that just cause it so much a fashion statement nowadays.
You need weed for getting appetite up.
I read the title and I just wanna say you are beautiful with and without hair. You are awesome
Oh Bec. I cry with you but can see how strong you and Eamon are. I had a few tears in my eyes as you were talking us through each step but really lost it when you said you wore Lee’s sweater for strength. She is your guardian angel. Prayers from RI!
Your courage is so inspiring and you are so strong! I will continue to pray and I am sending you all the love and wish you all the best❤🥰
You're still beautiful even with G.I JANE short hair.  Your true beauty is in your soul.
Continuous prayers for you both. Love y’all so much. 💝 Bec, you look amazing. ❤️
I noticed Amen grating fresh ginger and I’m know I don’t have to tell you about curcumin buts it’s found in turmeric which pairs nicely in ginger chamomile tea. I also like to add lemon balm for stress. #teambec
You have never looked more beautiful 😍
Sending you both ❤️ and healthy vibes.
You look sooooo beautiful. I love the makeup tutorial, you are right, Mascara, big hoop earrings and Vaseline on your lips or lip gloss, BAMM, very very cute!!!! I'm 68 and slowly losing my hair and cried with you. A friend that is also going thru chemo, got false eye lashes and she looks hot. You look about 17 years old. So cute. God bless you in your journey of chemo. This too shall pass 💜
i cried along with you this whole video but you look really beautiful with every haircut you had through the video you are so amazing <3
I feel like the bob was your best look. I love you Bald and also with long hair, but when this chemo journey is over I feel like you should explore life with the bob some more :) she was insanely cute on you. So happy for you with going for the consult for your mole. It's amazing how a small insecurity can have such a big impact on our lives and take no time to solve. I had something similar with a calcified scar on my lip. I thought it would just be a weird white bump on my lip forever and it ended up being so easy to remove and deal with. This is going to be such a hard and enlightening journey for you, but I'm excited for you and Eamon to see how much deeper your emotional connection will get from going through this as team Beck. You're braver than you know, and more stunning everyday <3
Bec eres un ser hermoso! Que el universo te llene de energia de amor y fuerza para continuar tu experiencia humana. 🥰
I want to thank you for sharing this personal and painful process with us. I found out yesterday my cancer has spread beyond my hysterectomy and will be starting chemo soon and the doctor told me I will lose my hair. Watching this helps me on so many levels. It was down to my behind and recently got it cut off to upper shoulder length which makes my hair naturally curly which I love but now I'm going to lose it and I feel I'm more attached than I thought. I know I'll face the same thing you so kindly shared with us. You do look great with a bald head and your amazing wig with both your hair! ❤️ God bless you both and prayers for complete healing! I will watch this again when I have to be brave and shave it so that I can find strength from you both! What an amazing partner you have and the support he gives you! I wish you both the very best on this both physical and emotional journey! Thank you again for sharing, I found this at the perfect time!
Oh Bec, you look fabulous. But your inner beauty has always been what’s shone through. Holding you and Eamon in my prayers.
bec, you look absolutely beautiful. truly rocking the shaved head!!! you're more than your hair <3 and it is so clear to everyone
sending so much love and positive healing vibes, the plant and pot Eamon got was so thoughtful🥲
Beautiful is always about who you are inside. The package I just extra glitter. And you Bec, are glittering and shining, inside and out
You look awesome with no hair Bec! I think Eamon should shave his head as well, in support. Come on Eamon, shave your head!
You look so amazing  xx Emon you a rock star. BEC YOU ARE STUNNING XX HUGS XX
YOU are both so beautiful, however I think your real beauty is from the inside.  Bec I am so glad you have such a supportive partner through all this.
you are beautiful
Bec’s resilience and strength through this time is incredible and beyond words💖  But shit, the unconditional and fearless love that Eamon shows her gets me every single time 😭
do you like barber eamon or nurse eamon more
you go girl you go shine your so beautiful no matter what ❤❤🤍🤍
i can not even imagine the hurricane of emotions that a process like this can be... you're very brave, you know?... everything will be fine
Bec is literally stunning with any hair!!!!
Eamon is such a perfect partner. So caring and supportive. We should all be so lucky
You are a champ.... it will grow back..you are strong girl...get healthy and come back and let er grow..be strong..God has you.. nothing wrong with any emotion you are feeling.  Love you girl.. Eamon you are such a sweet man. ❤🙏🇨🇦
You look great bec!!
You’re strong, keep being u, ur shining ur light ❤️
Good ole Aimee❤️
Bec, You're so beautiful no matter what. I remember when my dad lost his hair when he did chemo and then again when he did radiation. My dad had colon cancer back in 2013 and had his right side of his colon removed. He still gets skin cancers and have to get them removed. My dad and I both have Lynch Syndrome which causes some cancers. I actually go March 14 for my yearly cancer screenings and my dad goes this week for his yearly cancer screenings. My dad was so mad and upset when he found out i got Lynch Syndrome but I told my dad it isn't his fault and that I am fine with knowing that I have it as I get to go for cancer screenings every year and at least if they find anything they can get it removed. 2 years ago was my 1st colonoscopy and they found a polyp and they removed it, but if i never knew i had Lynch Syndrome that polyp would of likely turned into cancer within a few years.
Thank yiu for being so authentic through this journey. And eamon you are an example of what a loving man shiuld look like
You look amazing Bec!! xx Absolutely stunning, you wear that smile proud!
AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ strong powerful and brave 🤍🤍🤍🤍
You are rocking all the looks!
Oh my gosh you seriously look amazing! No joke you pull that off better than anyone. Stay strong❤️❤️❤️ you’re truly an inspiration
You are beautiful Bec stay strong 🧡
Bec you look like J.I. Jane!! Total badass. You're going to kick this cancer's ass!
I only four minutes into your video so far but I was inspired by your last video to cut about 7 inches off and donate to make wigs for free for cancer patients. I love your positivity you have keep smiling your awesome
When you first shaved your head it reminded me of when Demi Moore shaved hair in “G.I. Jane”. Damn girl looked hot!!! Made me tear up. Keep your spirits up and rock that wig!! Eamon is such a sweetheart and caring man! Much love.
You are beautiful. Both of you! Thanks for sharing your journey!
Love your hair do about 10 years ago I went through the same cancer and to me you look fantastic. You cannot change the problem so you may as well embrace it the best way you know how, and you are doing just awesome. What ever you decide is between you and Eamon and your DR.. and I and my spouse of 40 years decided like you did to go ahead and go to a buzz job because you know what  was coming did not make it any easier but went along way towards healing my thought and my heart . Glad you have a great upbeat to your life and it will go along ways on how you do during your chemo. Live your life to the fullest and always remember you are loved by a lot of people.
Bec you are an amazing and beautiful women. I cried with you each step of the way. You got this! I'm sending you lots of hugs, prayers and love! 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖 Eamon you are one hell  of a great support system. Your love as a couple is so beautiful. I hope some day to find a man as incredible as Eamon! You both shine and always have each others back.
I truly respect you and support your difficult and life threatening journey. I just wonder how far from yourself your job as social media content maker has drawn you. Maybe you don't want to show your inside journey, which is totally fine, but in your videos it seems as if there's no inside journey. You are worried about how you look, that's all. Are you real or playing ? This whole video was about your look and what  will people think of you. Your worry  about cancer was how can you become sick if you have such a so called "healthy  life" with over-prized green powder bs, whole foods, yoga, nice affirmations and cool attitudes. The answer is that you are being an actress of your life and that's not healthy. Cancer is a deep calling for help of your body and your mind. Cancer wants you to fight and live a real life. I do wish you the very best, but please, think about this. Take time, look into your inside, listen to the real you and you will find the resources to heal.
Bec you are such a beautiful & wonderful person inside & out. You are such a fortunate woman to have such an amazing partner in Eamon. God Bless u both & I am always praying for u for both ur health & happiness. I enjoy watching ur videos & u all always being me joy. Blessings to u. ❤🙏
You have such a beautifully inspiring relationship ❤️ 😭
Lots of love for you both guys! You are being amazingly brave showing this to the world. A huge hug from Spain ❤️❤️
You are beautiful always x
Bec really is beautiful isn’t she. Like she was hiding behind her hair before. Sorry if it’s not topical, but her face is truly stunning.
The strength you have as a human being is out of this world. You’re a super human. I could say so much but you’re outstanding in every aspect of life.
sending you love and kindness! you’re both so amazing and I know you’re inspiring many others going through the same thing with your strength and bravery bec and I take my hat off to your beautiful self for sharing all of this! I wish you the kindest of weeks ahead of you!   Also congrats on the 1million guys, when I started watching your videos 4 years ago I knew you’d make it one day so I’m so glad to see it’s finally happened, you’ve taken us on amazing adventures and I thank you for it :)
Unfortunately I have had breast cancer twice.  While i didn’t go through the same type of chemo or lose my hair I can understand a lot of what your going through so my prayers are with both of you.
So beautiful Bec!!
Wtf.... Bec... You really really look great bald! You look like a bad ass punk girl!
I had chemo nine years ago. A day after the first treatment, I was in the shower and shampooing my hair, and it came out by the handful total of it, and it was hard, but I didn't want a wig. When it first came back, it came back curly I loved the curls, but after a year, the curly hair was a little gone. Anyway, one year after losing my hair to celebrate cancer-free, I buzzed it off myself. I had the head for the look. I worked at Macy's in Men's Tailored Suits, so all my clientele were men. I got so many compliments from men. Older men and young men too. Now I keep it buzzed, and at 72 years old, I still get compliments from young men, and now it's in style. Good luck, and you'll get through it just fine, but that chemo is nasty shit. Prayers 🙏
This was all kinds of emotional, inspiring and amazing. ❤️❤️
ahhhh you look so good bec! literally just gave me the courage to cute my hair!
You guys are so amazing!n love you both!
Your bald head looks beautiful.  It’s so wonderful for you to have your wonderful partner Eamon by your side. Sending all of my love and prayers. Stay strong.
You look incredible bec!! Vin Diesel's got nothing on you! Sending love and light to you hunnys 💜💜💜
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful. Looking like a strong warrior ....which you are. Sending both of you love and positive energy. 💞
i lost my hair to cancer 11 years ago, on the dot, this was the first of many clumps that i lost 11 years ago, loosing my hair and even seeing my grandmother loose her hair was definitely one of the hardest parts. but now i'm 17 and have the thickest and curliest hair. in the end, it will all turn on ok. and i know literally all anyone ever says to a cancer patient is "everything will be ok" and "i'm always here" and "i'm so sorry" but from one cancer patient to another, it will all turn on amazing in the end.  and embrace the baldness. i did and wouldn't change it for the world. i just recommend hats, lots of bennies and fake hair visors are super fun. ❤️❤️❤️ you're beautiful no matter what!
I wish I had had an Eamon or a Bec in my life as a partner for even one year of my life. Then I would have know what true love felt like.
Thank you for showing the UPS and DOWNS of this journey. Its beautiful. It's helps normalize the release of emotion that so many of us tend to see as something we need to keep private. You are amazing.
Wow…you look stunning but your beauty has always shone through from who you are not what you look like ❤️
Thank you for sharing this journey with us. I just want to hug you and hold you. Praying for you and loving you sweet girl!!
Praying for you. I Lost a lot of hair with evil Covid.  😟
Your shaved head is the hairstyle of a warrior. Don’t forget that.
Sending love from The Bahamas! ❣You look so gorg Bec!
We love you, we pray for you, you are in our thoughts. <3
Relationship goals!! The beauty of you as individuals and as a couple is inspiring! Sending continued love, light, support and prayers! I love the plant idea and that pot was sooo thoughtful and adorable! ❤️
Honestly, I think the short cut is way more cute than the long! So Audrey!
You are one tough cookie and through the tears I had to laugh when Eamon  said,  “that is not a good look.” 🙄😂 You’re going to get through this just ask my husband I’m never wrong 😬 God bless you and continue to give you strength.  All my love and prayers.  Vickie
Fckn hell she is stunning! 😍😍 She looks seriously amazing 🥰🥰
These videos are going to make such a difference to so many people's lives for years to come. This is just so amazing what you guys are doing. The past 2 years of watching have made my life better. Bec has retained every ounce of femininity with and without her hair and Eamon did a great job of getting that point across. You guys are the best.
You both support each other in such a balanced way, it’s beautiful to see! I’ve admired you both for years and are still my favourite creators to watch! I wish you both a swift recovery and Bec is rocking every hair style and wig! ❤️
Eamon cracks me up...Bec rocks the bald look and he snags the wig!😊✨btw Bec, not everyone can rock the look like you are right now! Beautiful!😍
every step was beautiful Bec!
Hey friends, we don’t really have a long common and I somehow have fallen in love your channel. I am rooting for you back from the bottom of my heart. I first saw you guys redo Kara and Nate‘s van and I was so happy. I don’t know how they were living with such a small fridge. Anyway, you’ve drawn me in with the new content and I’ve been advocating for people to come over and watch your videos on my Facebook and at the corporation I work for. This content is so meaningful and Bec is handling it with such grace. Eamon, you are also the example of an amazing husband, I don’t think I know anyone who could do the role as well as you.
I think Eamon needs to shave his head too !
I cried through the entire vlog because the love and support you both have for one another is a true gift.
YOU ARE SO STRONG!  If you can keep a smile and still be in gratitude after this, you can beat anything..there is NO stopping you now.  You will be a role model for many young women out there.❤️
Thank you for sharing your journey <3 Sending lots of love to you both!!
You are so beautiful Bec! Hair or no hair🌻 xx It lives within your soul
With the bob Bec looks a lot like Dawn O’Porter.  Both are stunning, intelligent and funny women. Stay you! ❤️
Darlin' your beauty made your hair look good, not the other way around. Hang in there sweetie, we all love and support you.❤️🙏
So brave!  You rock!
Sending lots of love and hugs sweetie. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are helping so many. And that puppy is the best medicine!! #becstrong
Sending lots of love ❤
I went through chemo two years ago for endometrial cancer. For me losing my hair was not that emotional, I knew it would grow back eventually, but the emotional reaction from other people was surprising. I got some really cute chemo caps and already had scarves and I rocked out with my bald head at home and it felt kinda good being bald during the summer. It's different for everyone and you're beautiful with or without hair. I do understand being bald is a visual recognition you can't get away from once it's happened. Cancer sucks!
so ?? ... did eamon said at the end he also got bold ?   ;)
I keep crying! Urgh Bec I love you so much girl! Your strength is amazing!
Bec!! You can literally pull off any look! You're so gorgeous! 💜
Bec you really do look wicked bald
You look absolutely gorgeous but your strength is what I find beautiful. Thank you for inspiring me and literally getting me through the pandemic with your videos. Your community is here for you!
i literally never comment but bec i just had to say - you look very gorgeous and inspire me constantly. so proud of you <33
Hey Bec, not seen your vid yet, just the thumbnail. You two are amazing. I’m thinking about you about you both, stay grateful.
You look awesome Bec. Wishing you well. X
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️
i sobbed watching this. bec, you are absolutely stunning and such a light in this world 🌞 continued prayers coming your way💗
Bec, you look amazing 😍
Both of you are beautiful! I knew Bec would be beautiful bald - no question! And Eamon is so beautiful on the inside, being as supportive and loving as he can (plus, yes, he can pull off those wigs hahaha)
💟
Thank you for sharing your  chemo journey, I did it 4 years ago, I shaved my head and went bald although I hardly remember it now. Look after yourself, get plenty of rest and you will be out the other side in no time.  One step at a time.  Eamon is doing great too.
Look at being bald as being free and bold. That's how I felt when I shaved my hair off for awhile.
Eamon and Bec.....you are both doing an awesome job! Bec, you look so adorable and cute with a shorn head! This journey and the loss of things like hair could never be preciously imagined, but you are going through it and doing it so well. And Eamon, you are passing through it so well also...giving the shots and now shaving her head! You probably should have been a nurse/doctor/surgeon :) Hugs to you both, super abounding grace, many prayers and much love for you both <3
Looking  beautiful  without  hair !!!!
Mucho animo y fuerza desde Santander (Spain), you are powerfull !!! 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Why does Oso wear cone of shame?
Your hair is part of your identity. Regardless  your being so strong. Amen bro your the man!  keep being there for bec she needs your strength love and support more than anybody  will ever understand.
You are so strong and so beautiful!!
The 2 of you are simply AMAZING!! And Bec....you really are Beautiful bald!💜💖
Sending warm hugs from Houston.
I cried along with you watching your head get shaved. You and Eamon are beautiful people. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending you lots of love from San Diego, CA
Oh my your so beautiful, and so brave! Praying 🙏 tv hat everything will go well and that you stay strong!!❤️
Well  Beck’s wig can be Becky! Get it Becky with the good hair.
When my mum went through chemo, all she would eat was ice lollies because although she couldn’t really taste anything, she could feel the cold and it made her feel a little normal. ☺️
Eamon you are a rockstar in my mind. Bec you are a warrior. The love between you two is so strong and just beautiful. Hair was hard for me too but Bec you are just beautiful bald. You remain in my thoughts and prayers.
Bec you look amazing!!! And you're amazing!!!!
you guys are just.....  💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗 💗
My dad's a cancer survivor. He just took a different approach. He built an experimental machine that eradicates cancer  without chemo. Even so, you can do this...BOTH of you, because you're a team & you rock! Hugs!
You will always have us. You will get through this ❤️❤️
Prayers sent up love!! ♥️ This proves we can ALL do hard things! You got this!!
Bec you are such a beautiful human inside and out. I can’t imagine how hard this entire journey is and you still radiate joy, kindness, and love through it all. Sending love to you.
You are so beautiful,  this is the first video i have watched of your channel and i cant wait to watch more! You are so inspiring sharing your hardest moments with people who supports you in your journey of breast cancer. You and Eamon are so brave as you have been sharing these moments . You are so beautifull in side and out Bec.
you have a beautiful head,,,you are so lucky. Mine is bumpy and scared - plenty of accidents as a small child.  Eamon, why do the wigs look so good on you too???????
You look good  I have a bald head too keep saying prayers for you
My heart breaks for you Bec. Your journey really takes me back to my first go around at cancer. I want to lovingly warn you that your eyebrows and lashes are also going to fall out. I'm battling cancer a 2nd time and my hair has been thinning like crazy, I have about a 1/3 left of what I started with. Stay strong girl this won't last forever and I hope you can cling to that. This time next year it'll only be a distant memory. Lots of love.
Sending positive vibes Bec, you look lovely no matter what ❤️
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out...with or without hair. I look forward to you guys video so much, You and Eamon are a great couple. We love you guys 💖
sending you all my love and support 🤍 you are beautiful just the way you are Bec <3
First thing I noticed when your videos came up in my feed was your incredible smile that will light up a room anywhere, don't worry Eamon your next (Lol) your smile is just as electrifying and combined the way you both look at each other is priceless. One can only pray for the kind of love you share. 🥰🥰🥰🥰. We love you guys so very much !!!
I’ve always been a believer in that beauty comes from the inside - and seeing the way you are handling your diagnosis/treatments proves this. Your hair may be gone for the time being but you are more beautiful than ever; your positive outlook and spirit is shining brighter than ever. Change is beautiful and so are you. Well wishes to all xx
Idk what it is but you looked so yourself with your shaved hair. Your bright eyes and smile shines!! And your wig looks SO much like your long hair.   Your videos feel so empowering and honest. All the good energy that you put out I hope you feel it back tenfold!
You are a gift to the world! ❤️ God bless you both and I pray for Him to continue to guide you through this health journey. 🙏
YOU LOOK STUNNING BALD!!!!   I LOVE IT!
Gorgeous!!!!! Sending love!!!
Bec, Eamon is sooo right, you are stunning with or without hair.  This video is amazing in so many ways. Helps families going through this, gives people who aren’t going through it some perspective. Eamon, even though Bec is amazingly beautiful inside and out, you do an great job making her feel even more beautiful. I love how supportive you are of her and how caring she is to ask how you’re doing.  This is definitely something that affects both of you. Sending tons of prayers for healing and strength.
🙏🏼
Bec, (and Eamon), it's your souls that make you beautiful, not your hair. And the love you have for each other is shining through. Sending you love, hugs and prayers x
Beautiful with long hair, beautiful with short hair, and beautiful bald! This video had me so emotional. Thanks for sharing your journey!
Watching Eamon get in the first cut brought tears to my eyes, it brought memories when I had to cut my own hair because of my own cancer.  I remember messing up so bad that I called my sister who tried to fix it.  I could tell that she was having a bit of a hard time because every time she would comb it, more hair would fall out! Having a bob worked for a few days but it was evident that my hair was no longer mine but chemo hair. My husband told me if it came time to shave the hair let him do it and so on a Sunday he did the honor. I knew then it was time and like you I cried about it, but once it was done I felt like a whole new person and that the next step would be to face my cancer head on with nothing standing in my way, chemo hair included! I learned early on not to worry of what I lost but what l’m to gain….my life. You are beautiful even without hair and I hope this part of your story ends on a positive note. I am rooting for you! Chin up you got this woman! 💗💗
❤️❤️ E, looking good in long strands again… and B, beautiful short or bald. Take care.
Bless you both 🙏🤗🙏🤗
You are beautiful with and without hair.  Sharing your story is helping so many others.  I think you are both amazing and I wish you peace, love and light x
Wow. Y’all are so inspiring. Thank you for your authenticity and vulnerability  with us. ❤️❤️❤️
Bec definitely pulls being bald off!! I say have lots of fun playing around with the wigs, different styles and colors!!
Bec is stunning without hair 💜 I just fell in love with Eamon during this vlog ❤️ and Cecily is my wig name suggestion. Good vibes and healing thoughts sent your way.
Amazingly beautiful ❤️, inside out! You got it girl, ROCK IT!
Hair or not ,you're beautiful inside and out
I cried with you when Eamon shaved your head.   I’m praying for you.   You are so very brave to share all the struggles with us.
Love the bob, it is really you. You are beautiful long hair, bobbed or without any. Take care of yourself.
you have to love doctors. they will hold your hand and kill you.
Hi I hope you feel better soon, and you cute outside and inside
You are soy beatiful!!!
bec you are a badass and you rock the bald look.
There is literally no way that Bec could be anything other than beautiful
If you think about it, hair loss is a sign the chemo is working, stay positive ❤️❤️
So grateful for this warrior ❤️
I got sunshine on a cloudy day. 🌞
You rock bald!
Bec I have no words for just how beautiful you are. You have so inspired me with your strength and courage. My sister is a breast cancer survivor and I know you are going to beat this. Remember you are loved. I will be praying for you every day. Eamon you are taking such wonderful care of her.
Bec u r beautiful no matter if u have hair or not just be positive and believe in god and i will pray for u as well get well soon angel lvu loadzzzz…
beautiful brave bec....
You both are so strong ❤️ you both got this and I definitely believe lee is there with you guys ♥️♥️🙏 thank you for sharing your life with us we all love you guys ❤️♥️
💖
The Bob and bald are so cute
I am so proud of both of you ❤️ How you both embrace each other and life is beautiful. I felt everything during this video. Bec you look beautiful no matter what. Love you both so much!  Sending much love and Aloha from Maui ☀️🌴
HEART to HEART ❤  I have had 26 hours of reconstructive surgery on my face. In that process... Over the last 7 years. I have realized  what true beauty is. It has nothing to do with how my skin looks, my hair, or my body. It has alway comes from within. It always has. And always will. Love you Bec. You are now more beautiful than ever ❤
Tears in every video you post. The way you’re walking through this…just the picture of grace. You are so strong and SO beautiful Bec.
awww! Your sweet, SWEET partner saying “you don’t need hair for love”! I’m sure you realize he is a gem! I wish we all could be so lucky to have such a supportive, loving partner in our lives. You two are incredible ❤️
Love you guys xxxxx
23:57 🫂💋xoxo🥺😢😔 YOU’RE A WARRIOR 💪🏽🎗!!!
While watching this the song that popped in my head was I am not my hair by India Arie. Bec you are such a beautiful soul and I'm praying for your strength and recovery.
Love from Australia 🧡
you are so beautiful with or without your hair Bec....praying for you and Eamon!!
I wanted to write something separate from the post I posted below on a more serious note. You had asked "what causes cancer" and if I may, cancer is an emotional dis-ease in the body. It is suppressed emotions from past hurtful and traumatic experiences we have not given ourselves permission to feel acknowledge and release and often times do not even remember. When we go through hurtful and traumatic experiences as a child we fragment and with it goes the memories. All experiences are held in our energy field and bodies, physically, emotionally, mentally and spiritually. Over time it festers and becomes acidic to our body, causing an imbalance, so allowing ourselves to feel everything without judging ourselves or explaining away why we should not be feeling what we are feeling is imperative. These energies and body memories must be released outside of the body through your emotions as well as your throat chakra, through expression, through really getting real about how we feel about things. This is not being negative, it is us being honest with ourselves and honoring this part of us. Slapping positivity over hurt only suppresses more. We Love ourselves by allowing what needs to be felt. Once we start releasing we will feel more elated. I have a website with some free information if you would like let me know. I do not want to post anything on it in respect to you and your journey unless asked for. I am an Energy worker/Shaman/Psychic and have years of experience with this. All the best to you Beck and Eamon.
Eamon is truly a gem! He may not always say the perfect thing or do the perfect thing but the amount of support and love coming from his is unreal. As lucky as he is to have Bec, she is just as lucky to have him 🥰
You guys are hilarious😂🥰🥰
Bec you are such an inspiration to everyone, my love! You are such a positive, beautiful, light to us all!  Eamon you are the truest example of pure love buddy! 💖💖
I cried from this and I don’t even cry from the begging of up
You look gorgeous bec! Should have shaved it years ago. Not kidding you look like a hot bad ass B xoxo
Hard video to watch, but you are a strong woman... courage, be positive, it'll be ok.
You are so strong 💜💜💜💜
You guys are amazing xxx
In 2014 I got what I thought was a death sentence when my doctor told me that I have Colon cancer. My wife of 25 yrs couldn’t handle it so we ended up divorcing. It felt like my world was ending but I Soldier on. I received radiation and chemo which did help a lot and yes I lost all my hair too. I thought that I was over the hump but no so I ended up going into surgery and having a right Colonectomy where they removed my whole right side of my colon. Between that and getting some mental health therapy I’m blessed and happy to say that I’m now a happy and cancer free 60 yr old gentlemen. If their is one thing that I’ve Learned is that I don’t take my time for granted and I celebrate 2 birthdays every year my day of my birth and the day that my doctor told me I was cancer free. It may take some time but it does get better. I’m wishing you nothing but the best and sending you some good vibes.
You look beautiful Bek ❤️
Sending prayers for a complete healing! Bec, you’re beautiful! With or without hair. Get better. Your hair will grow back!
You are gorgeous no matter what  I can’t imagine what your going through but one thing I do know is you CAN get through this! Thank you for sharing your journey and being open with us, stay strong and beautiful <3 ❤️❤️
Bec the queen of bald is beautiful!!  We should all start a fundraiser for breast cancer and shave our heads!!!  #becbaldbeautitiful #shelooksrad
You ROCK that shaved head and now you don't have to buy shampoo (:
Держись малышка , все будет хорошо 👌, ты поправишься 🙏🙏🙏❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
You look beautiful ❤️❤️ Thank you for sharing your journey with us ! Sending you all my love ❤️💙
you rock Rebecca
You are stunning Bec! Hair or No hair! Beauty is within! ❤️
Every time I watch your content, it feels like I watched a high budget, great quality show. Thanks for sharing your journey with all of us, I envy your positivity! Cheers to your health ma’lady
Your eyes look so big and beautiful with your short hair.
You are both such beautiful people! Ive been crying trough the whole video and I'm really seeing som much love and prayer for you both! Thank you for sharing and encouraging! <3
You have a great shaped head! My friend started going to a barber for a straight razor shave and her head is smooth. She didn’t have to see the patchy parts of shaved hair after chemo. Plus I told her to visit a black hairdresser for longer lasting wigs, they do wonders! She also had her eyebrows micro bladed before she lost her eyebrows. BTW shes free of cancer 2 years now and still keeps shaving her head lol You look beautiful like Delia Chatwin.
Is it bad that I have that much hair loss when I shower?
I’ve been watching you guys for years now and I’m quite attached to both of you. Bec, it broke my heart to find out you were sick. I cried with you. I think of you often and I’m sending all the healing energy I can.
Bec you are such a strong beautiful soul and you are rocking the bald head beautiful inside and out. Eamon you have shown the world how a man should be always supportive and her biggest hype man. Love you guys have a beautiful Sunday
You have a lot of support…would love to meet you guys someday. As an r.n. Reiki master and Jin shin jyutsu practitioner there’s so much out there for both of you. Reach out if you are interested, if not sending prayers, and healing light
You will love the hat with hair for the summer!   I loved mine and wore it most of the time.
What super strong woman you are. Bec, you looked beautiful. Xxx
Your both so strong and I honestly becs hair looks amazing shaved she is so beautiful
Bec you look beautiful hair or no hair.  All the best friend.  Keep trucking!!!!  Eamon's hair will blends nicely with yours.  I pray every day for complete healing for you.  God bless you both.  I pray that one day they will have an alternative to chemo for cancer.  Bec remember one thing you have travelled the world,  so many people wish that they had.
19:02 Yoga Class is over 🙂😌
I love the bob Bec,  it fits your face beautifully.  I love you guys. Prayers.
You are the cutest
💕💕💕
I see how difficult and painful it is losing your hair and the overwhelming emotions that you are feeling yet you just bounce back the next day with your beautiful light. You ARE absolutely beautiful. ❤️
Love the shaved hair Bec. You suit it to a T 👌
Bec you’re beautiful with long hair, bobbed hair and no hair because you’re a beautiful person inside and out. You’ve got this!! 💗
I love you guys so much ❤️❤️❤️
I’m sorry it had to happen this way but li love  that you now realize just how beautiful you are …it’s not the hair!
Thank you for being so vulnerable and strong. You are beautiful. Sending prayers and love
Keep taking care of each-other. 😊💚
Thank you for including us in your journey ❤️ You are so loved by your inner circle and the 1million, sending all the power from Nova Scotia 💖
Sending you all good wishes on this journey❤
Becs just sat watching this and sorry to say  ive cried every tear with you.i can remember doing this for my beautifullDaughter.but you look stunning  and you have beautifull eye's .praying for you and eamon you are a rock.take care .love from England💜
Bec you look absolutely beautiful!!!!!
SENDING POSITIVE ENERGY ⚡💛⚡on a continuos loop! Beck you are beautiful inside and out. Eamon you are an incredible partner to Beck. Both of you are awesome human beings. This 1 million subscribers milestone is very well deserved. CONGRATULATIONS 👏✨🤩
Bec you’re so beautiful ♥️
It's interesting how much we get attached and have our hair as part our identity. Sometimes you have to find a new way to identify or express yourself. The great thing is that we change and grow to find new ways to be as ourselves. You are blossoming in new ways. My heart goes out to you as you go through this process. My dad had cancer many years ago and went through surgeries and chemo when I was a kid. It was scary for all of us. I remember my dad saying how much he enjoyed the convenience of being bald once he lost all his hair.  I didn't really care if my dad had hair or not. I just wanted him to be around. As a result of nothing tasting good while in treatment, he learned to cook to find things that tasted good to him. He was a wonderful cook. You will find new things to explore as you go through this. I send you and Eamon good energy as you continue the treatments.
I never comment on YouTube videos but I have been watching you guys every Sunday for years. I just wanna say you are incredibly strong for sharing this journey with us Bec. I just know you are so inspiring for others that are going through similar things. I wish you happiness and good health throughout the rest of this journey Bec!
Sending so much love and prayers! 💛🙏  Bec you are beautiful!! Love you guys.
You are incredible, Bec. Your strength, courage and optimism is truly inspiring. You are so beautiful in and out ❤️
You are gorgeous ❤️
Sweetie you are beautiful inside and and out . Hair is just hair it doesn’t make you beautiful it doesn’t make the beautiful woman you are. You have an amazing husband and family supporting you . And we all love you and praying for you . Your a strong amazing woman so proud of you . Xoxo 😘 sweetie you can wear beautiful scarfs on ur head or headbands or hats you have a beautiful face you can rock a shaved head . I think ur absolutely stunning I mean truly
Bec you are gorgeous with or without your hair. Your heart is what shines through the most xo 😘
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
You are absolutely beautiful bald or with hair. I continue to pray for you daily. I just thought I’d let you know Eamon totally looks like Jared Leto with the wig on. Love you guys🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
Congratulations!  A million subscribers. Awesome!
You are gorgeous ❤️
Sending much love 💕
It doesn’t matter how many times you cry or break down… you are still the most strong and beautiful woman. We are proud of you Bec, not many people can pull off all hairstyles ☺️ praying for you and sending love from Poland
Your head is a PERFECT shape to be bald!   Not everyone is so fortunate!
You are a beautiful brave woman Bec.💛
I love you guys ❤💪❤
I think your so brave and Eamon  is an amazing husband. Story : My daughter is 1/2 black, when she was 18 her and her best friend who is white made a dare. They shaved their head. Man I was shocked.  She looked good her being black, but her friend not so much so when I saw you wow you look good bald, you still are beautiful.
Bec your beautiful always! I miss my hair but I’m looking forward to seeing it at all different lengths as it grows back!
Over 6,000 comments so I don’t imagine that you will be able to read every one of them; however, I just wanted to say Bec that not every female could rock a bald head like you do. Your face is so delicate and beautiful that it doesn’t matter if you have long hair, short hair (which by the way also looked adorable!) and bald, you look so gorgeous!!! And your strength in sharing this journey is inspiring. You are so blessed to have Eamon with you on this journey, he is a rock; and Eamon, even though you are not going through the chemo, you are still experiencing cancer as the loved one of a cancer patient. My husband had cancer in the early ‘90’s and he often said that he thought it would have been harder to handle if it had been me with the cancer. And finally, I’m positive that Leah is with you both as well, giving you her strength and love.
name the wig exhairea
You look great girl! who knows maybe you'll start rocking the shaved head or side shaved or some other style like that once you've beaten this and back to traveling/cabin projects! You're doing great sending out good chi/energy to you!
Wow! You are one strong and beautiful woman. So brave to let people see your journey and see you 'needing a moment'. Bald Bec is gorgeous. The support you have for one and other is really inspiring. Sending you lots of positive vibes from the UK.
Just love......just love
You're both incredible and your relationship and journey is so heartwarming and inspiring to watch.
Bec - you are so courageous sharing your journey.  You are beautiful with long hair and beautiful without hair.  You are a beautiful beacon of light.  Stay strong and confident in this time.  We are behind you and supporting you!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
your pretty no matter what my bestfriends mom went through the same thing your not alone love u guys so much!!<3
You’re an amazing woman and gorgeous with hair or without hair you . have the best partner in the world and he’s gonna help you go through this Journey
Both so amazing!
🤍💚🧡💜💙💛
Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair. Hair doesn’t make who you are. My father lost his beautiful wavy hair and he was just as handsome as with hair. His hair came back more healthy and beautiful and like baby hair, his hair color was black but it came back a beautiful silver color. I want you to know you’re beautiful and strong. Embrace your baldness because it shows your are strong, a fighter and a survivor and Emon, you’re a wonderful husband. God bless you both and you are in my prayers ♥️🙏🏾🙏🏾
16:50 😲😦😬😓😟 oh no 🙈.
Bec, you’re so so beautiful 💗
I cried the whole video , I’m sure they told you that you might have super curly hair when it comes back and you will totally rock that too , you’re truly beautiful .. eamon your doing great , you’re a solid rock .. I love you guys nothing but goodvibes for you both  you got this Bec .. mind over matter ❤️ always 🥰
Bec you seriously rock the no hair!! You are beautiful inside and out!! Eamon you are so supportive ❤️
You’re so beautiful bec❤️❤️ love from Tennessee ❤️❤️
You need red lipstick rock the look
Bec, you are gorgeous! Eamon, you are a great support! Thanks for sharing ❤️
You look beautiful. Sending love.
You two are so amazing, thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
Emaon you may want to shave your head also with Bec. Well done guys.
I love how comforting and supportive Eamon is to Bec. Bec you are a beautiful woman and you are just as beautiful without hair. It shows the true beauty of your face, But I think Eamon should shave his head as well to show even more support than he already does.
Beck you are really pulling it off! ❤️
Three little words: WE LOVE YOU ❤️
You guys are doing something so special with these vlogs. I have never seen anything so emotional and poignant in vlog format and although this experience is extremely hard, you’re channeling it into something so unique and special, really taking this medium into uncharted territory. Thank you for sharing, and you look seriously amazing without hair Bec!
Vlásky dorostou , hlavní je zdraví , hodně síly v boji s nemocí přeji 😉
Fortes émotions en regardant cette vidéo ! Bon courage à vous 2 ! Dures moments à vivre, mais vous êtes forts !  Bises de France 😍.
He wears them well too 😜
Bec & Eamon, I'm a long-time subscriber but never commented on your videos before.  Bec, you are an inspiration to all women the way you decided to put it all out there and be vulnerable with your audience.  That's gotta be the scariest thing imaginable. (2nd to being diagnosed with cancer).  You are loved from all corners of this earth and I hope you feel the support we are sending.  Emon, there's nothing more important than a supportive partner though these times.  The tender way you support Bec is the mark of a true man.  You, sir, are a rock star and I wish nothing but the best for both of you moving forward on this journey.
honestly though, she looks soooooo cute bald.
God I love you guys so much!!
I am so thankful that your video came through today. I have been thinking about you both and praying for you! You are both very brave and I appreciate the raw honesty of these videos. Sending good vibes, prayers and hugs your way.🙏🏻💜
Oh my gosh Bec, you have the most gorgeous head. You really do! I’m so proud of how brave you are. Not having hair shows off your stunning face. I’m praying you feel God near you as you go through this!
I just love you guys!!!
honestly, you are SO beautiful anyway <<<333
I was crying and smiling with you!! Such a roller coaster of emotions.. you two are so strong and definitely make a strong power couple. It’s something to aspire to 🥺💕 You look banging Bec 😍🔥🔥
Bec looks like furiosa from mad max fury road now
💗💗💗💗💗💗💪💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🥰💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🎊💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💐💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🙏💗💗💗💗💗💗💗😘💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🎉!!!!!!……..
Bec you are the prettiest bald person I've ever seen! Stay strong girl. You got this!!
I LOVE the bob !
All the feels 💫 Bec, you're so brave and Eamon, you're so supportive. Been thinking about you both and just wanted to remind Bec that Lee is with her, EVERY step of the way! 🧡 Of she was here in the present, you KNOW she'd have shaved her head too! 💜🎗️ All the best and much love 🙌 💚🎗️💪😘
Who needs beauty vloggers when we have you Bec.  Beauty really does come from within. Eamon your support is amazing.  Love you guys xxx
I’m holding your hand in spirit 🤝 and mind. 😌😊
Bec you are so strong and beautiful with or without hair. You have a perfectly shaped head and look like such a badass without hair!
You are so strong! You can fight! ❤️
Eamon shave your head!!! Such an amazing partner and so supportive!
Becs you are a trooper you look absolutely gorgeous honestly you really do. X🤠
You are so beautiful and so strong!! ❤️😍🙏💪
Your strength is harder than the difficulties. Be patient! Kisses from Catalonia. Abel
So far you've made it through 100% of the bad days keep going you're doing great. #Baldisbeautiful
First-you are a beautiful woman with it without hair-your face, eyes and smile are amazing. And second-if I see someone out who has lost hair, I just say a prayer for them and wish them health and peace…❤️
Biggest Hug Ever!!! Now you can be a Super Spy; "Master of Disguise".
Awww.. You hair will grow back after therapy. YOU, beautiful woman, are NOT your hair. Your hair was not your ONLY beautiful feature. You are strong and lovely inside and outside. You have a handsome, loving, supportive husband who is AWESOME! Best wishes sweetheart 🖤
You actually do look beautiful, you can rock that look
Your beautiful and your alive and you have a husband who love you. So stay encourage and know so many are praying for you and your sharing your journey will help so many who are going through this same thing.  Stay strong 💪.
I hate that you have to go through this.  Love you both.
You just look great xx
you're such a beautiful person you don't need hair. my heart goes out to you and you lovely man, your support  love ya bet xxxxx
Been watching you both for a long time. Hard to see you all going though this but you're both doing an amazing job. Im a cardiac ICU RN and see lots of hard things, experience lots of hard things with families everyday. Stay strong, keep up the great vibes. I wish you both all the health and happiness one can dream of-
Hey Bec you’re are a very strong women. From my heart I wish you a speedy recovery and may god bless you with the strength to come out of this. You can also write a book once you’ve recovered from Breast cancer. I guess your words of wisdom , your entire journey through this will help many more people. Not just who’re suffering from cancer but going through any other situation in their life which is challenging right now. I don’t know but somehow I feel very connected to you. You have that energy or vibe which can heal or soothe people around you. Good and blessed days are waiting for you ahead.
Eamon said “even though you won’t have hair it’ll always grow back” with the little head planter, that’s the sweetest thing ever 😭😭 you guys are so strong and incredible
Trust bec to look beautiful no matter what ❤ You're such an inspiration!
Bec you are strong you got this  my aunt also has breast cencer and also lost her hair we all support her and i support you and Eamon. Stay strong. Love you all
Bec you are so freaking Gorgeous all the time!! We love you guys so much!!
Wig name. Hairyette.  You no look great!
Truly beautiful ❤️
The shaved hair really brings out your features!! It’s a beautiful look on you!!
Thank you so much for sharing your journey with us, the care you have for each other is inspiring. BTW you look gorgeous bald, like an edgy model. Sending you lots love and healing energy! 💕
You truly are beautiful with a shaved and bald head!  I am sorry you are going through all this and in no way want to make light of your pain as you need to grieve during this process.
Wow I do like the look. 👍💖
Beautiful inside and out- regardless of the length of your hair. Sending all the good healing vibes your way!
God bless you both! ❤️🇬🇧🙏
Bec you truly are gorgeous bald, your eyes! Wow! Keep shining ♥️
You are so radiantly beautiful and beyond strong. You rock!!! Good vibes being sent your way💜
I am only a minute into the video and already have tears in my eyes. Bec, your bravery and strength are beyond this planet. I continue to pray for you (& Eamon too) while you are on this journey. Thank you for sharing your story with the world.
You look Beautiful xx
You are beautiful. I love your guys videos and I’m keeping you guys in my thoughts and prayers
love you eamon and bec, thank you for sharing this.
you are incredible and strong remember its temporary when you beat this your hair will be back and beautiful as ever thank you for sharing your journey with us
BECSHINE You hair was beautiful, but it isn't what makes you beautiful. (Although I do understand how it's part of our identity). You are a warrior. All warriors have battle scars. Wear them with pride. EAMON You are an amazing support and caregiver. While your scars may show up as tears and anguish at Becs suffering, you are also a warrior. Warriors all need to retreat and rest sometimes. 🌞🤗❤
Sending loads of prayers and love your way! More power to you 💪
I know it is a big thing in your life right now but wish you had shaved your head first so you could have had a wig of your own beautiful hair
Bec you are exceptionally beautiful inside as well as outside.  You are rocking that bald head. Your beautiful face and spirit shine through more than ever.  I see you.  Rock it Queen.
💗💗💗
While shaving your hair you reminded me of Charlize Theron in Mad Max and Eleven from Stranger Things! Clearly you look badass! 💪 But also really beautiful too! 🥰 And Eamon’s a goof with the wigs 🤣🤣🤣
Wow, Bec you look stunning without hair, good on you, embrace it. Eamon is also being such a superstar supporter 💚💙💛
Bec ya look amazing and remember you will beat this, Eamonn keep up the amazing work in caring for your lady. Stay strong guys ❤🇮🇪
I've been following along and I have to say this video I was crying along with u beck, I cldnt stop the tears when u started to cry. Ur so brave love, ur still very beautiful xx
Praying for you Bec. I admire both you and Eamon's strength. I hope you beat Cancer! 🙏♥️🎗️
You guys are awesome your in our prayers!!
Bec thank you for sharing your experience. I know it will help so many people. Sending you love and strength x
You both are so beautiful!  Sending so much LOVE!
Been smiling and crying this whole video
Find yourself someone who loves you as much as these two love eachother 💛💛
You are beautiful, please always remember that . We all love you so much💜xx
Bec, you are an incredible woman and I am praying for you❤️ We all are❤️ You are so strong! 🙏BEC STRONG🙏
Sending you all the love from Sydney, Australia. You two are a beacon of love and light in a world that can often feel the opposite. Thank you for sharing your journey in such a raw and beautiful way. Keep kicking ass!
You handled this better than me. I wasn't on chemotherapy however my epilepsy meds did the same thing to me. My aunt rhough went theough exactly the same thing. She got it back once in remission.Ty for sharing with us your grace beauty.
Eamon, wake up early one morning and shave your head and surprise her.
Yes Bec you are Beautiful.
Eamon when are you going to marry Bec?
You have a damn good man supporting you.  And you look beautiful and strong.
Ne pleurez pas Rebecca, parce que j'ai envie de pleurer en vous regardant ! Vous êtes une belle personne (avec ou sans cheveux), ce qui compte, c'est votre guérison. Et vous êtes si bien accompagnée, vous êtes si mignons tous les deux ! C'est dur, mais tenez bon! Je vous embrasse, et Orso (est-ce la bonne orthographe ?) aussi bien sur, il sait que quelque chose ne va pas. Encore gros bisous a tous🌞🛩🛥⛵🌅🏖🐞💙💚💛❤💜
Bec you are truly amazing. I pray for your quick healing. You are gorgeous and Eamon is such a wonderful support. Love you guys
You are a beautiful no matter what bec, and the support Eamon gives you is amazing, your get through this- thank you for sharing your journey xx
You're beautiful, Bec!   Nothing can change that.
You. Are a Rock Star.  Beautiful from the inside out!
Bec, you are an amazing, beautiful woman!  I am truly, truly sorry that you are having to experience cancer and chemo.  Both are horrible.  Thank heavens that Eamon is there for you
Bec you’re so beautiful! love you so much guys ☺️ all the blessings and best wishes from Argentina ♥️🇦🇷
Bec you are beautiful with out with our hair and I love Eamon you have a good man there!!!
Bec, you look beautiful!! You are my Hero!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Also, Eamon is a rock star. Sending love and healing vibes your way. ❤
Oh Bec, you still look gorgeous, hair or no hair. Eamon, you are so awesome! God bless you for your strength and the support you are giving Bec. I’m praying for you Bec, may your treatments go quickly, may you return to full health, cancer free! 🙏🏻❤️
Beautiful inside and out🥰
BEC YOU LOOK SO FREAKING COOL! Seriously you look like a badass. I would not assume you are fighting inside, I'd assume you are kicking someone else's ass.
Weeping with you, smiling with you. It's an honour to walk this journey with you. I am blown over every video with how truthful and raw you are in sharing. We stand with you, beside you, infront and behind. You bloody beautiful rock star 😍 xx
Aww Bec, your an amazing woman. Eamon is a fantastic partner too. Sending love ❤️ from the UK 🇬🇧
Your such a beautiful person Bec. Your soul is beautiful, the amount you love you have and show for your friends and family is beautiful, your dedication to veganism is beautiful, and so much more ❤❤ sending so much love and even more prayers ❤❤ keep rocking girlie
I didnt even realize, congrats on a million subbies! Bec you look AMAZING babe, its kinda giving Jada Pinkett Smith 🤣. No but seriously I'm going to continue to send out good energy and love your way.
Rocking your lovely new look, your a beautiful lady. Love your strength with your journey to share your health experience and awareness. Sending Love, prayers and strength to you both. 💜
You really do look cute. Your eyes "pop." I'm a praying lady. I'm praying for you. The wig looks cute, too!
Rocking it bec you are amazing 👏
Love you Bec
Bec you are beautiful and such an inspiration! Eamon you are awesome too and such an amazing support! 👏
You are beautiful without hair for sure!!!!!!!!!
Bec you are a very STRONG & BEAUTIFUL lady!!!!!!!! Don't ever think different sweetie.  U keep doing what u need too do to keep your body 💯 % , you will BEAT THIS !!!!!!! MY FAMILY AN I ARE PRAYING 🙏 FOR YOU EVERYDAY......LOTS OF L💗VE from the Drury family 😘😘!!!!!!
I think u look beautiful bald❤️
You're just so incredible ! All good waves to you guys !
Brave beautiful Bec,  you have documented your hair loss journey so well, using all of your YouTube creative skills.  My first sob slipped out when you said you had Lee’s sweater on.  I loved that you brought out Eamon’s hair and that you’ll incorporate it into a wig.  You rocked every single “look” for someone who has no hair, chemo or no.  As you said, a bald head is an “in” look for 2022 and you don’t owe anyone who questions your look a single thing…just say “I love my ‘in’ look” or some such.  Share about your cancer/chemo at your own comfort level.  Oso is such a great addition to your family during this time, what the heck has he done to that collar? Much love to you all.
Wow, to share this profoundly personal experience with the world is so amazing. Bec your inner beauty shines so bright so knew you’d rock being 🧑‍🦲.  Sending you love and positive vibes ❤️
Bec you are such a courageous and beautiful young woman.  I watched this video with tears in my eyes.  I went through chemo for breast cancer 13 years ago and I remember losing my hair.  I had ACT and my hair fell out the 2nd week of my 2nd AC treatment.  Like you I bobbed my hair after the first treatment and then waited for the rest to fall out.  I thought I had prepared myself and I told myself I never really cared for my hair but when it actually fell out, In the shower, I was hysterical.  My entire body was covered in hair and I was scooping it off the drain in handfuls.  I was sobbing.  I was trying to keep quiet because I didn’t want to alarm my kids.  I called my friend who is a hairdresser and she came over with her clippers and she got to work.  I must tell you that once my hair was gone it was a HUGE weight off my shoulders.  I felt so powerful and at peace.  I had a wig but never wore it once.  I loved being bald and I never let my baldness hold me down.  BTW, pro tip, I never rubbed my eyelashes and eyebrows and I would just pat them to dry, very lightly, and I kept them throughout my treatment!  You got this girl!  We are all behind you 🌻
BALD Is BEAUTIFUL !!!!😍🤩🧑🏽‍🦲 BALD Is SEXY!!! BALD Is GORGEOUS!!!! Afterwards you should get Glamour Shots made. Sponsored by Almay, Sephora, Lancôme… 📸
Sending love❤️
Sending big big hugs to you both and extra hugs to you Becks , you look amazing and are very brave and a big inspiration  xx
I love the love between you two.  It is such a rare thing to see.
Shaving my head was the only time during chemo that I bawled. I was extremely blessed to have a hairdresser that I had used for years.  When it got to the point of needing to shave the rest off, my angel cleared her schedule so she could do it herself and cried with me and held me for an hour until I was composed.    I can now laugh at my daughter’s comment that I looked like my brother.   I went the next day and bought my wig.     Blessings to you and you have my prayers
Your last statement at the end brought me to tears. You are remarkable and all the other things you called yourself you  truly are.
You are a badass woman. Thank you for sharing your journey ❤️
some people just look good .    bloody annoying
Bec, you are absolutely stunning 💛 (side thing: the plant pot thing made me legit tear up 😭💛💛💛)
You look absolutely beautiful Bec, so inspirational to watch you on this journey and see your energy shine so bright! Eamon, you rock! Loving the plant gift, so thoughtful x
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL and so strong❤️ its always okay to cry and break down but then you handle everything with such a great attitude.
Bec, you are a beautiful human being. You inspire so many people. I love you both.
what a warrior and beautiful inside out! you gotta beat this !
Lots and lots and lots of Love to both of you!!!
Love you both!   Warriors
You are so brave! Sharing your journey with so many is amazing. You have been such an advocate for mental health and now for positivy. Stay strong You look terrific bald!
eamon you should shave ur head with her
Your a beautiful  young woman  with hair and without !!!! 😊
💕
You got this girl....
Hair really becomes an integral part of your personality when you’ve spent so much time growing it out. BUT the best part of wigs is you can get whatever color you ever wanted without the commitment!! Pink hair! Purple hair! Green hair! And no extra work of braiding the long hair back! A new Bec every morning 😉
BEAUTY!!!❤
Bec your hair doesn't dictate who you are, your heart does. From what I have seen yours is huge. And just for the record I shaved my head just for you. You are in my prayers everyday.
I love you so much!! You are amazing Bec! And everyone deserves an Eamon! ❤
I think was one of the most moving depictions of being a woman who's living with cancer I've ever seen. It's brutal, yet beautiful in it's authenticity.  Thank you for fo sharing your - both your journeys with us. You're both balls of bright vibrating energy and love and gorgeous inside and out. Much love xx
In God I pray you get well you're a beautiful woman and strong from Fresno California
Name for your wigg BEE stands for Beck Eamon Everone Looking good Beck Stand strong.
Bec you look amazing!! You are so strong ♥️
I'm so in love with how supportive and genuine eamon is. We would all feel so loved if we all had partners like eamon
You are such a beautiful human inside and out and i am so glad you are sharing this personal part of your life! So much love and positive energy being sent your way to you and eamon!
You got this Bec!  You got this Bec! You got this!  You are outstanding, inspiring, and beautiful.
Bec, you are not defined by your hair but by your attitude. It's all about what you are feeling in your heart and soul.
Go bec go bec  You looked amazing and you are the strongest futher mother and baseline cancer
You are beatiful as is in and out.
You are so beautiful Bec hang in there. Yoga and meditation are excellent daily practices. Eamon is so good and supportive.  You two will be stronger forever because of this.  Love triumphs over everything ❤️
Anyone else just cry every time Bec cried this video or just me. We love you Bec. 💙
You look as good if not a bit better.
I don't usually leave comments but I wanted you to know that you're both so inspiring to me. No matter what activities or adventures you embark on you always manage to leave a smile on my face (and many others 😊). Your positivity and outlook on life is so beautiful and refreshing I know it will help you on this difficult journey. Thank you for all you've done for us. I'm sending lots of good energy and smiles your way.
❤️❤️❤️
You are rocking the shaved/bald look but also just think of it as a badge of honour. You are a warrior x
Where’s Tim?
congratulations on the million subscribers! I send all my love and prayers. Bec, you are so beautiful. Your best attribute is your smile and your kind soul. All blessings to both of you!
Your recovery journey is gonna be so powerful because of your amazing energy even in the hardest of times. Keep kicking ass Beck.
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
I'm a Stage 4 Cervical cancer survivor.  After a modified, radical hysterectomy followed by 5 weeks chemo and 28 radiation concurrently, then 2 brachytherapy, I am now 2 yrs cancer free.  It's a hard, life changing battle but when you come out of the war victorious... you'll look back and see how powerful, sharing your journey is to others that might be going through it.  I applaud your courage and bravery ❤ I had weird cravings too.  For 2 solid weeks, I could only eat brownies 🤷‍♀️😂.  Then of course, I couldn't for a long time.    Prayers sent up for strength, grace and full healing.    You two make an amazing team.  🥰
Super personal but I have a birth mark/mole right smack in the front center of my thigh. As a kid I had a more dark olive skin tone because I was always outside, but I did not even wear shorts. Ever. Because of that mole. At the pool when adult swim would be called, I would try to get to my towel as fast as I could to cover up my thigh. I have never been self conscious of the size of my thighs, just that bean sized mark. Now that I am older, my skin is very pale and my birth mark is just as dark brown as is has always been. No one in my life besides my boyfriend knows how much I hated it. Although I don’t love it now, I do feel like my thigh would look kind of basic without it. My boyfriend says it’s actually super cute. I get his point too sometimes. He says how he loves that no one else has that same birth mark, and how it makes me more special or whatever. I do get your insecurity of your mole, but tbh I rather have that than a perfectly shiny bald shaven head. You look so beautiful and kinda hot with a shaven head anyways. That mole just says and tells people more about you. You’re weird, adventurous, resilient, beautiful and so much more. When Eamon says it’s kind of endearing, he’s 100% right. Watching your journey through this every Sunday is kind of weird. I’ve been watching for years and I kind of built and idea of you guys in my head. You have a vlog in Morocco when you guys were packing, and Eamon was kind of being a Butt and not helping. You told him to go for a walk while you made some food. That understanding and communication truly blew my mind. Now, seeing a whole new vulnerable side of you, it’s broken the bounds of what I think a strong person looks like. You guys are so inspiring. It’s actually crazy that you actually exist on the same planet lol. You make me feel like I can achieve anything. This is way too long. I love you guys so much❤️
Your hair looks beautiful no matter what bec. I’m only 18 but when I turned 16 i made the choice to completely shave my head. I donated my hair to a wig company in Canada that makes wigs for kids with cancer. All 19 inches and made a full wig for kid was the best choice of my life. I’m so happy to see people embracing being bald
MAD RESPECT 🙏
I wish I could give y’all 10,000 thumbs up for sharing this! And you honestly look great bald.
The reduction in hair makes your eyes look huge and even more expressive.
Bec, i just love you and your strength..i will continue to pray for you..you and Eamon are a wonderful couple..Bless you both! Your wig is amazing! Eamon your love patience and support brought tears to my eyes...
You actually look very good without hair. Chin up kiddo 💝 You’re going to be fine.
Absolutely one HELL of a BEAUTIFUL  head you got there Mam !!! You look beautiful hun, keep smiling ,you are a bright light so let it shine !!!
I mean this with the most sincere flattery… take the wigs off, you look gorgeous! Your smile is what lights up the room, not your hair. Your personality radiates beauty. ((Hugs)) I hope you continue to heal as you go through treatment. ❤️❤️
Wow!  Congratulations, Bec (& Eamon!)  You're powering through this.  I must admit, having had a radical hysterectomy 6 weeks ago, and finding out I need radiation now, I'm a bit more freaked out... I thought radiation was way better than chemo.  Now, seeing how well you are handling chemo, and knowing that my vajayjay is going to be burned to a crisp (in my head, that's what's going to happen,) I kinda wish I was going to lose my hair!  The struggles - we survive!  Our men - we love you!!! Thanks guys.❤
Thank you so much for sharing your hair journey bec! You look incredible! Sending love and prayers!
Eamon’s back, baby !😂😂 Love you guys.
I was crying with you Bec. Can't imagine what you're going through. Thank you for being so strong and sharing your journey. Love you so much! Sending lots of love from Norway <3
Thank you for sharing your hair transformation Bec 💗 What a raw & emotional rollercoaster you’ve been on, hair holds so much of our identities doesn’t it?  You’re so strong and we can see your soul shining through all this heart ache.  Best wishes x
Bec you look like a hot "Ripley" from the movie Aliens!  You got this Bec, your bad ass, destroy this cancer crap, yaaaaaa!
Love spending time with you guys, even if it’s watching you go through some tough times. Seeding love and light 🌻
❤️❤️🤘🤘
Completely blown away by your absolute strength.   You are, without doubt, stunningly beautiful.  My very best wishes to you both.   You are going to get through this.  🙏
I’m wishing you both the best❤️
You are a beautiful, strong and courageous woman, Bec! Sending you much love and big hugs 🤗
Oh Bec, I’m praying for you. You are so brave for sharing your story with the world. You are so beautiful!
You are so beautiful Bec , Thanks for sharing you are helping so many people . Team Bec and Eamon are strong sending our love Cathy and Gord Ottawa .
You are beautiful even without your hair Bec, you are both so amazing, Bec you are so strong and the positivity you express even in the most trying times shows you are a beautiful soul, and Eamon you are such a supportive partner. Sending positive vibes your way.
You are beautiful Bec, no matter what! Eamon is a Prince! Prayers and blessings to you both!
Where to start? First of all - lots of love to you, Bec. You are showing so much strength - especially when sharing the challenging moments. Your positivity shines through all the time, and I can’t tell you how much I admire you. (And I am much older than you, so there.) I also wanted to say that I can imagine how hard it is for you to lose your gorgeous long hair. But - without your hair, now your eyes are shining more than ever! They are so gorgeous, and your gorgeous light shines through them. Thank you for shining it on us! Secondly - congrats on cracking the million, Eamon & Bec! I am not surprised in the least. I came to you for van life and reno, but I stayed for *you*. You two are just a lovely couple, and it is a joy to watch the content you are sharing with us. Love to you both!
Sweetheart you look beautiful!! Eamon is right you so rock the new look!!!! I’ve followed you guys as a staple for several years but have never commented until the overwhelming urge 🥺 to tell you what an incredible beacon of light you are and I’m so proud of you-both and for sharing your journey’s whether that be in vans, in a lodge or smashing the arse out of this new ‘gremlin (which you absolutely will!) sending you both so much strength love and light and I’m so glad 🙏🏻 you have each other and you got this! Support form 🇬🇧 😉✊😘❤️
Bec and Eamon you are both such beautiful people. I cried with you and laughed with you thru this video. Bec you are stunning and have a beautiful head.  Step out with confidence. Sending love and prayers for continues strength and health.  ❤️
You are an angel, Bec! You are so strong and you can get through anything! Thank you for sharing your journey, you are helping more people than you know. Many many prayers and blessing sent your (& Eamons) way! 💗💗💗 Stay strong!
Big Hugs Bec 💕 love you
You look beautiful !!! You are a gorgeous person and not many women look like that without hair. God bless you and your journey to freeing yourself from that monster of disease. Remember God is walking with you through all this. I love you guys, and your amazing relationship. Prayers to you !💕
The love between you both is beautiful. You look beautiful Bec's. Eamon you're a star.
You really do look beautiful,  stay strong,  your courage helps us all be strong to obstacles in our life, thank you,  God bless you.
I never cried watching your video before but you made me cry this time. I have been following you from a long time and never miss any video. You look amazing and beautiful bec, Get well soon, your all beloved friends family and us is with you 🎉🎉❤❤
Love you guys so much!
I love your strength. You're an inspiration.
Next up - Bec goes rad in neon pink! Film at 11 !
Sei bella, sei forte!💪...forza ..💪...forzaaa  !!!!!💪💪💪💪 ❤️un abbraccio grande dall' italia
You look so beautiful Bec. Also, I've been thinking about your mom these days since I am struggling with my own daughters health issues, so today I'm sending all my love out to her. Whichever Sunday you guys come back I will be here. Love from Mexico.
Rockstars!
Okay Bec we all knew you were beautiful but WOW! Long, fringe, bob, bald—you are genuinely STUNNING in all phases!!! Eamon, your constant love and support is the most inspiring and beautiful thing to witness. I am so proud of you both for how you are processing and powering through all of this! Sending you LOVE!!!
Thank you for sharing this with everyone. You are SO strong. You got this Bec.
You both are BEAUTIFUL people 🥰
You are so beautiful, You look amazing.
You guys are a gorgeous couple!
You guys have so much love for yourselves and each other and this community is truly just a reflection of how beautiful and loving you guys are. You are so inspiring and so full of love and it's just so beautiful. ❤️
Y'all are amazing!!
Bec, ive always thought theres something so beautiful in you when i first watched your vlogs at the start of the pandemic… i didnt know what exactly it is but you have a certain charm. now i know it is not your hair because even if you lost your beautiful hair, you are still the same charming, the same gorgeous, the same beautiful, and you still light up a room whereever you are… ❤️❤️❤️
You’re like a  ”Dora Milaje” A Strong beautiful bald warrior !!!!  You’re awesome and incredibly Gorgeous!!
I see a warrior. You wear it well. ❤️❤️❤️
I'm crying with you sweet girl. You breath. This is temporary. ❤️
You are beautiful inside and out. You got this lady. Stay strong Bec. Sending healing prayers and positive vibes.
I have watched you two for years. You have traveled to some of the most breathtaking places, but this, where you are now, is the most beautiful place. The love you share can be felt through the screen. I cried at how much you two love each other.  I’m continuing to send all the love to you guys and cover you in prayers. You two are warriors and a light in a dark world. 🤍🤍🤍
I can just imagine how difficult this must be 😔  But I think you are the most beautiful bald girl I have EVER seen 😍 🤩 Lots and lots of love 💖
My daughter was diagnosed with cancer a week before her 18th birthday.  She had very long hair, quite as long as yours. She knew that she would lose it to chemo so wanted to donate it before chemo started. She was quite happy with losing her hair, everybody is different and that's perfectly OK.  She had her hair shaved quite short but it didn't all fall out. We were quite surprised but everyone has different reactions to chemo. Oh and you may get the chemo curls when it grows back.
Sending lots of beautiful positive energy your way 😊🙏✨✨ Xx
OMG!  Bec.  You are so BEAUTIFUL 😍. LOVE THE SHAVED HEAD. SUCH A GOOD LOOK FOR YOU. xoxo
The 1.06 million of us are here for you. I thank you for sharing this very personal story with us. Those of us that have been following  you for a while would definitely have missed you like crazy and worried, if you had chosen to stop your weekly content. Sending you as much healing energy as possible through all the treatments and recovery. xoxo🤟
So much love for you both 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Your strong and lee is watching over you. Prayers always. Your beautiful no matter what .
You are such a brave and beautiful woman inside and out! ❤
You do look great bald!!!!
You are absolutely gorgeous without your hair!! And yes, your long hair was beautiful. The lucky thing is your hair is going to grow back. I am so happy you can put your hair and Emon's together to make a wig.  That bob is sexy Bec. I love that long hair wig . You are so positive. You radiate.
I think you look beautiful Bec, and I am so glad you are feeling confident with your new look. My thoughts and prayers are with you and Eamon.
Eamon you are the dearest, sweetest, most powerfully gentle man! Thank you for being such an amazing helpmate and sweet natured example of courage and love!
Cancer truly stinks, but you are a warrior, and you are going to be victorious you are stronger than you know. And you are beautiful bald.
Don't you need a PICC line to receive chemo? They strongly suggest I do because chemo can burn your veins. I haven't seen any when you had your towel on, when you came out of the shower. I don't know if it's a common procedure or not. I am on my last rounds of chemo, (i am on the "white chemo"), the first part of the red chemos are a bit hard, with the white everything will change, you might get dozy while you receive them though, but it will be much much better , the day after feels like normal. don't you worry.  sending you positive thoughts
My heart is with you  and you are beautiful xx
you look beautiful Bec! No hair really magnifies the gorgeousness of you! way to support one another guys! praying for continued sense of humor and strength!! ♥️♥️♥️
Boo you are so strong and beautiful 🥺 thank you for sharing your journey with the world. Your an incredible woman 🖤 sending your all the love, prayers, and strength.
I think I will shave the rest of my hair 😍 for your extra support!!
I literally cried the whole time while watching this. Seeing how amazing emon is when your at you lowest. You are so lucky to have him by your side. You are super strong and you ARE beautiful!
You are so beautiful Bec with and without hair inside and outside!!! I love how you both went through this process together. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are helping so many people. 💕🌷
Oh wow  When you first share the news I could not see the videos. I was just crying and crying. My mother had breast cancer twice and now she is just fine thanks God, but I think I have a trauma and I cannot see when someone get cancer. My first time watching your videos since then. You are so brave. You look beautiful with or without hair. God bless you always. 🤗
Gorgeous truly!
Continued prayers love and good vibes 💜 you both are so strong and amazing!! And Bec you’re gorgeous bald!!!
Bec your so beautiful inside and out! You are both so amazing 🙌❤️! I literally cried and giggled with you both throughout this video 🥲.
Hey BEC ! I'm here to show you support! Your a very beautiful woman no matter what. Plus you can have any style hair plus you'd be amazing in a bandana/bandannas, try also beanie hats. Plus look at fashion girls today. This is Amy ng suit for you , SO Have fun with this ... Your really beautiful inside and out ! We all love you so so so so so much!!!!!
Beautiful ! All of it! Congratulations on 1 million!! I loved that you wore Lee's sweater, Bec. Eamon you are the best! You, really are. The both of you are power houses. Take Good Care
Truth is Beck, besides being courageous, you are a gorgeous woman and hair or not, all I see emanating from you is beauty. Keep on shinning girl ✨💗🌸✨💞💖☀️
Bec, you are an amazing example of how positive a person could be going through cancer treatment. And Eamon is a rock and a true best partner.  Sending prayers and positive vibes that all goes well in treatment.  You are such a survivor!!  💝🙌👍💪🥰
You look beautiful Bec!!!
You definitely look rad! 😎🥰
Eamon you are such a super star supportive partner!!! It makes me cry every time I see how amazing you are with Bec. I have a pretty good partner and I’d still trade him for an Eamon 😆. Bec you are stunning bald! Makes me kind of want to go bald just to see. Stay strong sister you got this  ❤️
U are solo blessed to be financially soun d - my neighbor going through the same thing has the constant worry that her landlord will kick them out and she should be working U got your covid shots before all this - so u are sitting g pretty Count your blessings !!!
Bec, you are such a beautiful soul and truly stunning inside and out! You both are such a wonderful couple, I’m actually commenting; first time ever on You Tube😊 Thank you for both being so real and who you are. You will have adorable babies and be wonderful parents someday! You will get to the other side of this….Many prayers and blessings to you both!
So just as I was typing "Beck just wear wraps and hoops earrings" 15secs later shes doing it!!! You look great!! Play with dangling earrings and lipsticks you won't even miss the hair!!  I'm loving the look
So happy to hear you, Bec at the end say “I am bald, and beautiful” You are!! You were beautiful with your hair and you are beautiful bald and EVERY stage in between!! Much love, thoughts and positive energy to you and Eamon, stay strong even on the toughest days. ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🖤💗
Dear Bec, you have such a beautiful perfect head form that allows you to be so beautiful even without hair. And you are so blessed with Eamon, this man is a rock and how he takes care of you is admirable too. You both are an inspiration, many thanks for that. Sending you lots of „cancer-disappear-hugs“ from me.
I've never seen anyone more beautiful bald!!!! You rock every single hair style <3
Gorgeous inside and out! So proud of you.  You are so very strong.  I cried with you. You are doing amazing stay strong and positive. I am praying for a full recovery Bec. 🙏🏼❤️
You are both beautiful people inside and out. I will pray for you both.
Guess Aaron didn’t get the memo that he is also suppose to shave his head so you can be team warriors!
you are so beautiful but you should try silk pillow cases
Bec thank you for sharing your story. You're such a light. You had me laughing when you were shaving your head and you still said to make it a mohawk first even though you were upset. You've got this 💕 and Eamon thank you for being the best support. Love you both. Also Bec, you are stunning with or without hair. You can rock anything my love!
Bec, you are stunning! Hair, no hair, short hair, bald, or semi bald. It does not define who you are, as you know. Your strength, bravery and positive attitude is truly inspirational. You are such a bright light and may I add that Eamon is the most amazing guy who is in this 100% with you. Your love for each other is so beautiful to see. Love you guys ❤
You two are such a beautiful couple. Bec you look hot with out hair. Just saying. Always sending love prayers and positive vibes your way.
Oh Bec! I am crying with you sweetheart. You are still beautiful without hair. It will grow back. You are gorgeous! You are strong! Now kick that cancers butt! 🥰
You’ve gotta watch the sex and the city episodes when Samantha gets (and beats) breast cancer! There are some good hairsodes. ❤️
You look beautiful 😍
Your courage is unbeatable  …most of us understand that your journey is not an easy one  and we are aware that there are many ups and downs on this journey… just know that I think you are a warrior and I’m thinking positive thoughts for you … FYI you look great with or without the hair and or wig♥️🙏🏻
We don’t know each other Bec, but I see you. I send love from New Zealand. And Eamon, you’re doing a fantastic job. The love is very obvious. Arohanui 💜🇳🇿
❤️
You are so beautiful Bec! Eamon grow your hair again for another wig!
Eamon should shave his hair, too
I have long brown hair, it’s healthy and never been died. I’ll cut and send it to you if you need it to supplement your wig.
You look so cool bald.
Yal are an amazing couple and your home is beautiful.  Send love n prayers
this is soooo sad I had coved now loosing hair.... I know that’s not the same but soooo stressful as well.. u r beautiful Bec with and without hair... soooooo beautiful... gorgeous 💫u have huuuuuuge support. U r amazing huuuuge love from me❤️🎈 to be honest I thought Eamon gonna shave his head as well... 🥺
Bec when I first watched your channel, I thought you have such an attractive face, I never looked at your hair, to me it was your eyes. Having now no hair has not changed anything except now I can see more of your face. You are so beautiful.
You truly do look amazing whether you have hair or not. The two of you are incredibly strong. Thank you for sharing your story with us.🥰😘
You both are simply beautiful
You both are such beautiful people inside and out Take care of both of ur self ❤️❤️
Your bone structure and features are fire!! You're just beautiful 🥰
What a badass! You rock every hairstyle! Shaved head Bec screams strength! What a beautiful human!  Your beauty always came from inside you Bec, it always will!
you are so beautiful...... prayers with you
Bec, you have beautiful eyes and a gorgeous bone structure. The shorter your hair gets the more your beauty shines. I’m sorry you had to go through this, but I’m glad you shared your plan to show that there are steps people can take to transition through this challenging experience. I’m sure it will help so many people.
My sister is going through the same thing. She completed her first round of chemo last week and is gearing up to cut her hair this week. Like you, she is nervous about the change. Thank you for sharing an honest account of your journey, and for sharing your resources. Your videos continue to have such a positive impact on those watching. You are beautiful, you are strong, you will get through this! ❤️
I love you guys and I love the way you love each other and feed off each other. I wrap you guys in my soul love! ❤️
Bec! You rock it! Your spirit is sooo radiant and astounding! Sharing each and every emotion with us is so brave and beautiful. You are a magical being and we are all sending you all our love and healing mojo!
Sending big hugs❤️
You are so beautiful!! ❤️
Sending you both so much Love.  Bec, you are so courageous to share your journey. Eamon you are a rock.
Becca your STRENGTH is overwhelming and empowering. Our prayers and thoughts are with you. You are awesome and truly beautiful, both within and on the outside.  💕
Im kinda new. I came across you guys after watching a collab video with Kara & Nate this month. But love y’all already. Ahh Bec from the start you’ve always looked sooo stunning to me & now is no exception. Everything about you is gorgeous & your always radiate positivity on my eyes. Wishing y’all the best !
Honestly bec , you rock the bald look. It’s so high fashion. And the bob? Might be my favorite look on you 🥰
I’ve never seen a more beautiful bald woman. Now your sweet soul shines more than ever. May God bless you and Eamon on this journey.
This episode hit me right in the feels. Bec you are a superhero and thank you for sharing your journey with us. Eamon god bless you for your heart and your support and your love and positivity. Bless you both.
Things will come out in your favor dear! Youre gorgeous with and without hair!
BEC YOU ARE A ROCKSTAR😍😍!! Your transparency is inspiring. You look STUNNING bald; you carry it so elegantly. Eamon as always, you're the truest definition of a friend, gentleman, partner, and all-around amazing guy!! Bec keep kicking ass girl; your strength is awe-inspiring. Thank you for sharing🥰🥰🥰
AND YOU ARE STUNNING BALD, an actual QUEEN.  you go girl
You are beautiful! Thank you for sharing with us. I have similar struggles. But my cancer will never completely go away. You have helped me face the struggles that may come. I love you both. Stay strong. Sincerely yours missie
❤️❤️❤️
I am continuing to pray for you!! I am so stinking proud of you Bec. Sending all the love!
Bec, you are beautiful because you are you!  Take care of each other.
You look gorgeous! For real. Not many women can pull it off but it looks great on you!
You look amazingggggg 💖✨
Eamon’s unconditional love and support is the most beautiful and touching thing I’ve ever witnessed.
Bec, I had cancer when I was 16 years old and had hair down to almost my behind. I kept my hair in a bun for the longest time after I started chemotherapy as I couldn’t find the courage to shave it off. You are so brave to share this part with everyone. You are gorgeous with or without hair! Eamon is an awesome partner also! Love you guys!
Thank you so much for sharing all of these parts of your experience.
Bec and Eamon i feel so much love for you two even though we have never met. The shower was such a real moment. So vulnerable. My hesrt hurt when you said you were not brave enough. You are being so brave 💞 and so courageous. But let me tell you when i saw oso's cone and how insanely mangled it is ... i did chuckle. Just so much love to you both! And how lucky you both are to love each other like you do! 💞 grateful that you guys are still posting !!! Thanks for your intentional action to keep posting !!
You look incredible!!!!! Thank you for sharing this with us <3
First time commenting to any of your videos. I am not saying to make you feel better Bec but you are sooooo beautiful with or without hair. WOW! just WOW!
All the very best to you both ❤️
You thank us all the time; we need to be thanking you!  Thank you for your transparency and sharing nearly every part of your life with each of us.  I know I speak for a lot of people when I say that we are praying for you both, sending positive and healing thoughts and do think of you often hoping you are a having a good day every time we think of you.
Bec, I started following you both only a few months ago but I dove in and watched most of your videos going back 3 years! You are truly amazing. I’ve loved watching you guys and I’m a life supporter now. I also wanted to say I have 4 woman in my family who have kicked cancers ass and you are truly inspiring. I’ve laughed with you and today I cried with you. Sending so much love and prayers for you both thru all of this and you have a army behind you! as a fellow Canadian and supporter we love you!
Wow! I think it is so amazingly beautiful you could use yours and Eamons hair for your wig. How sentimental and bonding for  you both. OMG I so love this. The wig that was made seriously looks exactly like your own hair and style before the fringe. wow so awesome. And by the way Beck, you are stunning bald. You are stunning long hair, stunning fringe and stunning bald. You are one of a kind. Much love sent to you, Eamon and your pooch Oso. Who I know chose to be with you through this. And Eamon .... that gift, that plant and pot..... so thoughtful, so meaningful, so bang on. You have a heart of gold kind Sir and are an amazing support for Beck. Blessings to you.
I love hoe Eamon is supportive.  I know he's suffering with you. May God give you both strength
You look amazing bald! You look like a warrior princess!
you're beautiful and wise and powerful. Shining light through darkness. Lots of love from Chile
Bec I don’t know you but I’m just so glad you have such a great support system around you especially right now. You are so strong and so beautiful! Eamon is so great at reminding you how absolutely stunning you look no matter what! Sending so much love and positivity your way!! ❤️❤️
You are beautiful Bec and Eamon you too! 🥰
You're gonna be remembered
I hope you have a small idea of how much you add to a Sunday given all that is going on in the world. Bec, your inner beauty is incredible and Eamon, never mind the award for a million subs, you win the award for world’s best partner.
Bec you are rocking your bald head, I’m so inspired by how positive you have been throughout this journey, I can’t begin to imagine how hard it must be. You guys are amazing.
You are an inspiration to share every part of your story!
😍😍😍😍
Bec, you look amazing,  so fierce! Sending love and hugs to you!
I came across this video really scared to watch it, seeing as I lost my mum and aunt to the same thing. You guys are so beautiful and just really humanized this whole ordeal. Thank you for sharing this experience. Power to you both! And Bec you look beuatiful.
Both of you are such lovely, loving people.  I wish you'd revert back to when you would remind us to call someone we love.  The sorry state of the world right now could certainly use it.  Stay positive, stay strong & rock your baldness!
I can’t wait for the upload saying “I am cancer free” rooting for you bec. You are absolutely beautiful no matter what hair style you have. Eamon you are an awesome husband. It was like fate you guys kept Eamons ponytail
You look beautiful bald!  Your lucky I didn’t look so great bald. Lol I had the big ring around my head like an old man. Lol  Hang in there beautiful!  Hang in there Eamon!
My mom went through the same thing when she was diagnosed with breast cancer at 49 a few years ago. Her hair is now back and is stronger and healthier than ever. We celebrate her being 4 years cancer-free this summer. Sending you lots of positive, healing energy and well wishes! 😊
❤️❤️❤️ take care of each other❤️❤️❤️
Wish i looked that good bald ❤️ you’re beautiful Bec ❤️
You look amazing and are so strong!! Love you guys x1000000❤️❤️❤️😘😘
You got this Bec !!!  I have to admit it's not easy to watch you as it makes me relive my journey in 2003 but hey I'm here and so is my sister who was 30 yrs old at the time .  Your smile overshine the do.
Four words ,  Girl Power, Hair Grows. Hang in there you will make it !!!!!
Bec, Eamon, you guys are helping me so much. my grandma is going through breast cancer who is going through the same process, i’ve gained all my knowledge from you, and seeing how hard it’s for my abuela and my grandpa, thank you
You guys are both amazing people and we thank you for letting us in your home and accompanying you in this journey called life. As hair goes, well, it will come back but you are a very beautiful lady with or without as long as you put your beautiful smile on that’s it you are the queen.
OMG Bec....ok so I am just going to say I am slightly annoyed that no matter what you are so dam pretty...I should have known you would have the perfect shape head for being bald....and this is really genuine that there are some women who can pull it off....and you are one of them..you got this <3
Bec, this will help so many people on the same journey as you. Thank you for being so vulnerable. You are amazing. Plus, you are the cutest with a shaved head! You can seriously pull it off!!!!
You are stronger than you think 😘😘 Your beauty shines through!
You both are so strong, beautiful and empowering. Send love and good vibes your way.
As far as baldness goes, YOU 100% look great! I've been through the same process and I didn't realise how cold my head would be! Much love x
Bec, just in case no one has mentioned it… 🙂 you are GORGEOUS! You could literally wear any hairstyle and still be the foxiest girl in the room! By this time next year it will just be a memory, so wishing you the very best on your journey.
Bec and Eamon, you guys rock! The world will be a better place if we had more Bec and Eamon. Good vibes, aloha! Eric
Thank you so much for opening your internet window and sharing this journey with us.  You’re a wonder woman Bec.  I’m so proud of the way you’re handling all these new challenges.  Eamon - you have earned the most supportive partner award.  Both of you are a true example of a loving partnership!  Stay strong!
One of my daughters shaved her head for a role in a play and decided to also embrace the baldness because the wig was such a pain (I don't think it was a custom wig). Anyway, her experience also indicated that men really like bald women, so I think, Bec, that you can really believe Eamon.
You both are amazing 👏 💕
You are so amazing and brave , good luck for the future🥰👍 you are both so brave
WE LOVE YOU! You got this! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️we are right behind you!
I am crying right along with you Bec! You are stunning Bec and you do look cool without your hair. I have thought about how I would react if I ever loss my hair and you are such an inspiration to others. Your life story is touching so many people.   Eamon is so supportive and kind and sweet and such a best friend. You are beautiful just the way you are, you are a strong woman and this is just a bump in the road for you.
Beautiful as always 🥰
You are beautiful 💕
I don’t normally comment on videos but felt so moved by yours that I had to. Your honesty about your feelings and the stages you’re going through is incredible. You will be changing so many peoples’ lives with this. You are amazing! Thank you so much for making these videos
Bec, you’re so sexy, and beautiful with your shaved head. It defines your face. I love it. I know it’s hard. But it’s a new beginning, a new chapter. As a woman who cut off all her hair 28 years ago, as my rebirth out of a bad relationship. You’re sexy with you shaved Head. I love short hair I think it’s sexy. You’re in my prayers.
You look amazing. You are so strong.
You are so strong
sending so much love to you both <333333333
You are beautiful inside and out. Praying for you. ❤️❤️
We are here with you Bec & Eamon 💕
Bet you are so amazing and so strong, a true inspiration. I watched your video and thought of my sister in law who went through the same thing. Hang in their. One day at a time! All our thoughts to you both. X
Your such a beautiful, amazing person Bec, inside and out! Your hair will grow back once all your treatment etc is over with…You can and will fight this horrible cancer!  ‘Stay strong sweetheart’! My next door neighbour has exactly the same as you, plus 3 young children and such a supportive hubby….Your Eamon is also such a wonderful, supportive guy, who loves you very much and with his love and support and all your family, you will get through this…..With much love and best wishes honey, hang on in there! Xxxx 💕 xxxx
Bec you look amazing My son went thru chemo a few yrs back and for the longest time refused to shave his head finally after having lost the majority of his hair he finally relented to shaving his head n look greatt His hair has grown back now n cancer free for about 2 yrs now You have n amazing support gruop behind from Eamon to his family your family n alll your youtube subs n friends but most all your guardien angel LEE you is sednding you love from above n saying you can beat this you are strong n amazing Weall love you
Girl you are so so brave, an inspiration to us all. You are so beautiful inside and out hair or no hair. Watching this video was the most emotional experience, I cried with you throughout. I have watched and loved you both for years and I felt your pain throughout you are such a goddess and eamon.. what a kind loving wonderful person, the best support you could ever wish for. I am sending so much love and positive vibes to you both, I know you will get through this but in the meantime ❤️❤️ to you both xxxxx
I have never met you two but absolutely love you…more now than ever…
You look great bald. It brings out the features of your face. I had a friend that took the opportunity to have fun and go a little wild with her wigs. One day she would have a short blonde pixie wig. The next day she might have long curly brunette hair, and the next she was a striking redhead.
You are incredibly brave Bec.  Sharing your journey is going to help so many people.  You are still beautiful AND now you are so much more badass!  LOL 😉
I lost my dad to cancer in 2020, so when this got released I was honestly afraid to watch. The hurt from losing him still feels really raw sometimes. But seeing you embrace it gives a different perspective, Bec. You’ve always been strong and beautiful, and this just makes it more obvious. We love you. Btw I’m crying like a baby and have been the whole time watching this
Such bravery and strength! 💪 ❤ 💪 Sending our prayers!
Bec your beauty extends beyond your looks.Your spirit is so full and it radiates so much goodness 🌸🌸
Dear Bec and Eamon … Continuing to send up prayers while you go through this journey.  Love from the Hansen’s, Fenton MI ❤️
You look beautiful no matter what your hair length.💕
💪🌸🤩
You are a beautiful person inside and out❤️
Bec you are a rockstar and such an inspiration! You're so beautiful, strong, amazing and I know you will make it through this!
I've been watching you all for so long that all of these videos have made me so emotional. Sending so much love and light to you. Literally bawling with you for your strength and for your confidence.
You’re beautiful. That’s all.
You are so beautiful Bec and I admire the love you have for each other. The wigs look amazing and the scarf, well, you rocked it!! Be strong; will continue to pray for healing and a full recovery.
Bec you are gorgeous no matter what you do!!  Eamon you are such a bright spot and the best support Bec could get. Love how supportive you are. Bec You got this! Continued prayers from Tulsa, Oklahoma!!
Congratulations on a million subscribers! Bald is beautiful Bec!!! ❤️
That plant pot was soooo thoughtful!! I love it
Lots of love
You are blessed with a beautiful face, even  without makeup,  and a splendid head shape! Hair is only an accessory  to your beauty! Remember Sinead O'Connor  and Persis Khambatta who was on the first Star Trek movie. Natural chic, Chica! Brittany Spears  looked like shit bald.  Not you!
I've watched your videos for about 7 years.  I was just thinking about how it's weird to feel like I know you both so well... I know your family, friends, I've been on vacations with you, traveled, ups and downs.  These recent videos have been very emotional for me.  Thank you for allowing us to continue to be a part of your lives.  Bec,  you're so strong and you're going to get through this no problem, and thrive after it.  Eamon, you're so supportive and I'm so happy Bec has you, especially through this experience.   I really liked the plant and plant holder you bought, great reminder that hair grows back.  I hope to one day be able to meet you guys if you do end up offering some type of meet and greet camping experience.  Can't wait until the next video!
Honestly bec really suits the bald look. Very empowering
I can’t tell you how much it means that you are sharing this journey with us. So so so much love being sent your way. And can I also say that you are stunning with or without hair and I know that it is not just because of your physical beauty, Bec. Meanwhile, Eamon is being a true example of a partner and I am so happy you have him. Love you guys both, even though we’ve never met.
You inspire so many ppl .  I know you will beat cancer :)
Its not your hair that makes you beautiful its your heart. I wish you a speedy recovery and a healthy future xx
Wow, Bec you look stunning with a bald head. I know you are maybe still sad about it, but I hope you can still accept that honest compliment
Bec…you look freakin amazing!!! You have an amazing head to carry the bald look…you could keep it pixie when it grows back…seriously girl you look so beautiful and while I totally get being attached to our hair as part of your identity don’t let that hold you back…really and truly a beautiful soul inside and out!!!
Bec, you look dynamite! when you glance in the mirror... not sure if your smile has the same effect on you, as it has on everyone who looks at you. you rock! (PS... hope you're doing OK Eamon.. caregivers must have herculean power and hold it all together xo)
you look like halsey without your hair some woman arnt so lucky to look as beautiful as you bald. im sorry for what your going thru and eamon youve got be one of the best blokes getting around
You have an amazing supportive relationship. Both of you have such strength. Bec you are beautiful with and without hair. We pray for you both every day.. Sending love from Washington State.
Bless you Bec , your a beautiful girl and you have a lovely husband who is so supporting.❤️❤️
Sending all my love❤️ so proud of you! You look beautiful.
Blown away by the vulnerability that Bec is willing to share with us ❤️ She is so amazing and powerful.
Side note: you rock the no hair look so much, you have the most beautiful eyes and it brings them out ❤️  Also I cried with you all the way through the cut, I think I feel a similar way about my hair and it being connected to my identity. But more than any other video I’ve seen, I could see how damn strong you are. It’s amazing. Your spirit is inspiring. So much strength to you in the next part of this journey❤️
Bec, you will always look amazing with or without hair. (Btw you look AMAZING bald and I'm not kidding).
Bec, I truly think you are absolutely and positively stunningly beautiful with your head shaved❤️  Not a lot of people can pull it off, myself most definitely included but you.....you ROCK IT!! You have a light to you too and that light just shines even brighter. You are such an Inspiration - you and Eamon both. You two and some of my favorite people and I don’t even know you. We need MORE people like you two in this world. Sending you lots of love and light from Virginia. Also, as someone that volunteers and works in dog rescue thank you for loving amd caring for Oso. He seems like such a perfect kiddo and I adore himz big loving self. The big kids are just my tribe🤣
Sending love and light
I discovered I have a lyme disease, it is the most sick I have physically ever being which is not too sick at all but taking antibiotics is also making it harder for me, with layers of chaning my life completely with moving to a community and having Russia invading Ukraine basically next door. Watching your journey is really giving me perspective , I have been watching your journey almost a year now and I really appreciate you. Thank you for being and doing. All the best wishes and love from Estonia
“It will always grow back buddy” - I lost it 😭😭😭 most thoughtful gift
Get her String of turtles plant
I just want to say, I love you Bec. Sending you love and light. ❤️🙏🏻
Showing this hair and breast cancer journey to the world is so brave and selfless.  You are going to kick cancer's butt and help so many people come to terms with similar experiences, along the way. Bec you are beautiful inside and out!
Bec you look effing great and congrats to you both on one mil!
You look amazing Bec!!!! Sooooo beautiful! Your love for each other is so admirable.  Keep up the spirit; will continue to pray for healing and a full recovery; you’ve got this!!! Love you guys!
Eamon & Bec, I'm 21 and have been living in a van full time for the last 5 months and it's because of you both... I've been watching your channel since June 2019 when my life fell apart and I felt completely hopeless, but your videos literally SAVED me by introducing me to van life. Anytime I think about that time in my life 3 years ago, I always think about you both and how your channel changed my path in life.  I am eternally grateful that you started your YouTube, because I don't know if I'd be living my dream life right now if you hadn't, so I'm really proud of you for hitting 1 million subscribers, I mean how cool is that ?!!  I didn't realise how emotional this video was going to make me but I feel so sorry that the people who helped me get out of the lowest point in my life (without even knowing it) are now facing such challenges. I really admire both of you, especially to share such a scary and personal journey with the internet (and go through the effort of filming it all aswell...). My heart truly breaks for you, but you will get through this because you are truly brilliant people. Thank you for being so open and honest all the time, even when it's hard. Btw Bec, I dig the shaved head  ;) ❤🤟
i love bec ❤️🇩🇿😭😭 I wish you will be great 🥰🥰❤️❤️❤️
Go for a cap look!! I’m obsessed with this look xx  We love u Bec!
Bec you’re stunning hair or no hair!!! Sending you so much love 💕
Your new growth may come in curly Bec
We love you so so much Bec, you are so beautiful, inside and out. You are brave and strong and loved. Like Eamon said so well: ´you dont need hair to be loved’. We love you. Sending so much love and support to both of you guys, we love you ❤️❤️ hope Eamon is doing well ❤️
Your eyes pop with gorgeousness, light & love!!  This video speaks beyond cancer journeys…thank you for being authentic & generous.
You guys we are sending you big hugs🤗. Bec you look amazing with a shaved and then bald head.... You look like the stunning singer Sinead O'Connor🤗. Eamon you are such a great partner, I wish more guys were like you 😊. I hope you guys keep your dog. You can tell how much he loves and wants to be there for Bec, and it must be hard for him to not understand fully what is going on🤗.  🎉 Congratulations on hitting 1 million subscribers 🎉
Bec you are such a beautiful woman inside an out. I am praying for you daily. This past February I celebrated 20 years of a breast survivor. You got this. Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us.
Kara Cut her Hair off too ^_^
1.06M subs! You guys so deserve this. Wow, Bec, you look amazing bald!! You are so incredibly brave, sharing your cancer journey with us.
Eamon...modlimy się o Twoje zdrowie...Jesteśmy z Tobą ♥️
My positive vibes are for you daily💕
Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out! You are just the best to share all of you with us! Eamon, what a wonderful partner you are! Thank you for posting today!
You look AMAZING!!! You are such a light in this world!! Eamon is such a great partner! Thinking of you both!! ✨☀️
Bec you look amazing, you are so strong and inspiring to others. You really do look beautiful with no hair 💕. Eamon you are amazing the way you are supporting Bec and we hope you are also doing ok. Sending love and healing thoughts to you both ❤️‍🩹
You need to watch the movie The Legend of Billie Jean with Helen Slater. When she cut her hair, she became a warrior! Also, my mom was fully grey when she lost her hair due to chemo. It came back silky and black. It was like a reset.
Sending so much love your way.
I'm crying with you 😢
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. You are doing this with so much grace and beauty inside and out. Eamon, you're a beast too! Hang In there! I don't have cancer but dealing with some tough diagnosises and you both are an inspiration to choose joy in the rough times.
Cut your hair too Amon
So in love with you two x
Bec your so petty and I know this can be hard but you can do it and your going to be a awesome mom and I love watching your videos ❤️
Sending you so much love and strength. You are a rockstar Bec. YOU GO GIRL!!!!!!
you are so beautiful with a shaved head
God Bless to you both! Prayers! We are with you and for you on your journey!❤️
Bec you are so beautiful, truely ❤️ we love you bec xxx
Love to you too, you're beautiful
What an amazing pair you two are❤ Bec, you are truly rocking this journey 🎉🎉🎉
This was such a powerful video. I really appreciate you sharing and the letting yourself feel all the feelings spoke to me personally. Thank you.
Hey Bec! My mom had the same "mole" in the same area as you. I have not had the experience you are having now but I get it! Our hair is our hair! You are stunning sis!! You can rock anything! Wig name....Felicia! Fierce Felicia! I am praying for you. Eamon you are the ultimate partner. 🙏🙏🤗🥰
Bec I’m in tears for you you are not your hair though beauty comes from who you are as a person from the inside and how you present your self to others treat others prayers are with you and Eamon you are a lucky couple to have each other have a blessed day hi from Melville Saskatchewan
❤
You guys are so awesome I hope that one day I can have someone as amazing as him in my life... You guys will get through this
Hey Bec. Your bone structure was made for short hair you look amazing. Thank you for having this infinite strength during such a trying time. Your ability to share transparently & authentically is inspiring. So happy to see you pushing thru. Love you loads 🥰
Love you both! Have a great week!
You are BEAUTIFUL with or without hair. Your strength and positivity blows me away. Eamon is such a good man-so proud of you both. Hugs and love to you both🎵
Sending love and prayers!!!
Bec you are beautiful with your hair shaved. Omg So strong like a Marine!!!! Which is amazing in itself remember Debbie Moore she’s got nothing on you you got this girl!
How beautiful is she that she can rock every hairstyle!  You can do this Bec!
Oh my god you look like Demi Moore!!!
Bec, even though you are outwardly beautiful, it’s your inner beauty that is so attractive.  Keep shining from the inside out and know that prayers and positivity are being sent your way everyday. 🙏🥰
I love you 2, and this test will be your testimony. You are looking so beautiful, sis. Please keep your head up, ok☕☕☕☕💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👍👍👍❤🥰❤🥰🙏🏽🌹👑
Eamon is right you are beautiful all 3 ways.  The wig looks exactly like your real hair and loved the “bob”.
Crying happy tears to see you’re powering through and feeling as beautiful as you truly are. ❤️❤️❤️ eamon and bec you’re so loved.
I wish I could create a hundred more accounts to like these videos a hundred more times. Hitting the like button one time doesn’t seem enough.   I wish there was a an option like on the iPhone where you can echo emojis and have them appear on the screen hundreds of times.  Even then it would pale in comparison to the good thoughts are being sent your way.  You will get through this.  Thank you for sharing this journey with us.  We are grateful for every minute,  You look amazing!
Beautiful in and out! 🥰
Oh my god, that was such an emotional roller coaster of a video. I am a hairdresser and I've also lost family to cancer so I was basically crying the whole time lol. Thank you so much for sharing your journey. I hope the days are getting easier for you. I wish I had perfect and amazing words to make things easier as just a viewer. I also have family in Toronto with property in on the lakes so I k NJ ow how healing that itself cc an be so take in those nights and enjoy that beautiful energy of the lakes melting and spring arriving you in my opinion couldn't be in in a better place. I hope all amazing things for you and your families. You are BOTH such inspirations to me and my goals. Thank you again for being such positive people in a time where we really need it. I personally really need it. Love you!🥰💝
Beauty comes from within❣️ You're lovely Bec.
You are killing this!  Thank you for sharing.  Many of us are going to experience something like this and it’s helpful to see reality.  Also can’t wait for you to get some springtime up in there!!
You look stunning. I am also bald right now because of chemo. Hang in there.
You guys are amazing
Thank you so much for both of you sharing this journey. It is helping so many people now and in the future. Hi from the 🇬🇧 xx
I fully admit that I don't know much about this stuff at all, but the way I get through tough times is to "look for the blessings even if they're small", that said to me one of the blessings of this is realizing that you actually like how you look Bec with a shorter bob hairstyle, this is a blessing because when one day you are healed and able to do vanlife again, having a bob would be much easier maintenance living in a van than super long hair ever was. Another blessing is discovering the fun of wigs, so if for example you want to see what you'd look like with multi-coloured pastel hair (just a colour scheme as an example but you get what I'm saying) you'd buy a blonde human hair wig, and there are hairdressers who would dye it the various colours for you or if it's a more simple look you could dye it yourself, lots of options really. That's the perk of wigs, you can experiment and switch up your style as often as you want.
Your strength is inspiring!
💕💕💕
You look beautiful Bec. My daughter had three brain tumour surgery and her hair shaved .  Three months  later her hair growing . We love you .
You both are so beautiful inside and out!!! Congrats to the 1 million 👏 🙌 ❤ u guys rock
Bec we all love you no matter how you look I had breast cancer for 1 year  then 1 year later I donated a bit of my hair for people who need wigs we support you no matter what ❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰
BEC YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!
The name should be Rosie , from the Rosie the riverter poster, because you are strong and you got this!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL, BEC!!!!! In ANY LOOK!!!! 💖💕💓 Always sending good vibes to you and your wonderful supportive group!!!! YOU GOT THIS!
Literally was on ur page yesterday checking to see if you’ve posted but the bob looks so sick on you!!!! U can pull off literally any look ❤️❤️
You are INCREDIBLE.  Both of you.
Bec you’re a warrior. You’re absolutely gorgeous with no hair. You and Eamon are two of a kind. If only everyone could have the love you two have for each other! Embrace your journey and one day soon, it will be a distant memory. It might be tough right now but remember, it’s part of your story. 🥰🇨🇦
OMG, you look beautiful without hair. I was going to warn you that we often lose our hair during a shower, or washing it. The good news is that most of us regain a thicker and healthier look. Some even get waves and curls when they didn’t before. My sister had a great saying when she lost hers. “Sure means that the drugs are in full attack mode, it means we are half way there, since the cancer is being assailed in equal worth.” Your hair is beautiful, it will be awesome as a wig.  You, my dear, are beautiful!!! You look fashionably European!
I burst into tears at 31:55 when Bec asked Eamon “are you ok?”  You beautiful, strong warrior girl - Love, Love, Love ❤️ your pure & selfless soul 💕
Girl don't even think of being bald as being sick! You should check out Mei Pang on YouTube, she's a makeup artist who happens to be bald by choice but she embraces herself as who she is. Bec you're a beautiful women with or without hair! Eamon's right about the plant, hair is just hair and it grows back. Keep your spirit high and everything will be okay. <3
Love u Bec  and love Eamon such a wonderful couple - with u guys all the way through your journey - just watched Kara and Nate hi wanted to b there with u and cut her hair for u  - know what u r going through - cancer survivor as well - had surgery at what is now the 4th best hospital in the world - Toronto General Hospital - had surgery 2007 - 15 years ago - Pancreatic Cancel - love u guys - all the very best wishes Bec - lots of love and blessings 💕💕🙏🙏❤️❤️
I understand that you are going through a much more intense situation, but a couple months after I recovered from a sever case of the current plague, I lost about 80% of my hair. It was waist length and super thick. The amount you showed after the bath and brushing was what I lost every time I showered or brushed for the first week or two. After that, it just kept getting worse and worse. After about 6 weeks, people were asking if I was going through chemo, and suggesting that I get a wig or hair piece. I didn't do either. I got a layered bob, and ended up with the shortest hair I've ever had in my 55 years of life. Fortunately, it is growing back now, but I kind of wish I would have just shaved it all off and waited to start over. If you've ever seen an animal with a double coat, you'll understand what my hair looks like now. I have a short, thick "undercoat", with a much thinner and longer "top layer".  It's impossible to make it look good right now, but I'm not brave enough to shave it all down to the same length yet. I've spent many a day crying on the floor of the bathroom during this last 4 months, but I never felt as brave as you are right now. Best wishes and keep rocking whatever style you feel like going with.
Your a rock beck you got this!
You’re beautiful with or without hair. I remember when mine started falling out between my 2nd and 3rd dose of the red devil. I opted to have a friend shave it all off so it wasn’t a long drawn out trauma. My hair was also in the middle of my back at the time. I soon found out that I was so much more than what I looked like. Good news, I have been cleared by my onco as cured. Mine was triple negative with a 92% proliferation rate. My diagnosis was on 10/1/2018. My onco assured me that if we hadn’t beaten it, I would have known long before now. Be strong, my pink sister. 💕
You are so strong and so beautiful! I admire you so much . Such an amazing soul . We are here to support you and send you positive vibes and light throughout your whole experience❤️ you are fearless ! Keep that shinning smile and it’ll all be over soon!! We love you ❤️‍🔥
I don't know if it's any consolation, but I'm pretty sure many of us are crying with you and cheering with you and incredibly moved by your strength and beauty.   My dad use to give his cancer patients Essiac Tea. It's an immune booster, but it also helps with side effects from chemo. I'm sure everyone is giving you unsolicited advice, and I apologize for being one of them. He just stood so strongly by this option, and I made it for my mom when she was going through chemo from her breast cancer. Blue Moon Herbs is my go to these days (in the states, although I believe Rene Caisse was Canadian—so you may have better options up your way), you want to do the whole brewing yourself process vs buying the extract to get the most potency. It's become a sort of ceremonial 24 hours when I brew a new batch — likely because I feel closer to my dad when I do it. But as you do so many things in your life with intention, I knew you'd appreciate and get that part of it too.    Even during your most challenging times, you continue to be this brilliant light of love, Bec. To be even half the person you are would be a blessing. Hugs.
Bec, you are so strong and brave. Your willingness to share the most vulnerable and intimate moments in this journey will give so many women hope and strength for their journey and that is a gift beyond words. Continued prayers for your complete healing.
Thank you for sharing your journey. I know how painful it may be to share but you are probably helping more people than you know. ❤️
You look beautiful, no matter what.
Bec you are beautiful inside and out, with or without hair. Stay strong, you have an amazing man by your side going through it with you. We all love you. Thank you for being so brave to share your journey with us. Xx
What an amazing woman, God bless you. God brought this to you, he will bring you through this.
Amazingly captured guys <3 Just remember hair loss it just another stepping stone to getting better :D
When you said that you were wearing Lee's sweatshirt for strength that day, after you took it off, I imagined her being annoyed that you weren't wearing it anymore and bouncing around the bathroom instead, encouraging you and Eamon. Of course I lost it. I wish I could be there for you and give you a hug anytime you need one. It's great to see you without your hair, you look like a bad ass now <3
Eamon so honest you look amazing it fits you
It is really cute and I know how hard it is to lose it Stay positive it helps
you are both so beautiful and incredible and strong 💙💙💙💙
You look great!  My daughter-in-law went through the same thing.  She has an attitude like you and she's doing well.
Love to you!! Both of you have always been  inspirational and I'm not sure how to properly articulate how much I admire your strength, your vulnerability and the courage to bring us along on this latest journey.... I cry with you laugh with you and gain so much from your vlogs.  I use to struggle on sundays( from childhood hoopla) now I love Sundays 😊 watching your channel  I just really wish the world had more Eamon and Becs  you warm my heart and seem to be truly kind, considerate, compassionate,and humble people. My appreciation for sharing everything that you do I'm sure it must be challenging at times please know you help so many people in so many different ways. Your loved.    Prayers and well wishes one day at a time  or one minute if need be, but together we got this!* FYI  1st comment EVER on anyone's anything!!  Yaas I'm obsessing over sounding awkward and possibly weird but I'm gonna press send and let it be. Thanks again for all the content you put out. Much love
Eamon…shave your head! ❤️❤️❤️
❤❤❤❤
❤️ So Beautiful. Love you guys with all my heart. Think about you both every day.xxx
Beca is beautiful with or without hair!!!!!!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍 After watching until the end... My dear Bec, you are stunning 💕
You are beautiful inside and out
Bec you're so beautiful! And as someone who went through a similar health struggle a few years ago, having someone like Eamon who can bring some lightness and humor in the dark moments is so key (my family and I took to calling it "tumah humah" in Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice😂). Sending you so many good vibes!
Such a beautiful couple inside and out. This brought me to tears Bec but you got this baby girl. Love you both so much 💗 💓
You are so beautiful with no hair.  Your eyes shine bright and your smile is just beautiful.  Your wig is the real thing.  You are strong and you will fight the fight to get through your treatments.  Eamon is such a kind, loving partner and the love he has for you is comforting.  Such a wonderful partner to share this journey with.  I love your guys so much and am sending prayers and good thoughts your way.  P.S.  Eamon, is support of Bec, you need to let Bec shave your head.
Becky i love your new journey please know how beautiful you are. You rock. Prayers. I cry right with you.
Time to get some fantastic earrings. You look cute.  Best wishes.
stopped in to say bec you look like a model with the buz cut hun! Hair or no hair we love you! Sending energy and good vibes your way sunshine! 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Wow Bec you're gorgeous!  You're both so inspiring for so many reasons thank you for sharing these moments! And your love for each other is just beyond words.You both make this world such a better place! Sending you so much love and the warmth of a big hug ❤
your rocking it,,,,,Eamon your doing sush a good job,,,,we feel the love,,,,💗💗
This may have been the best video you’ve ever done. ✌️ and ❤️
Your hair short is SO. CUTE!!!
Beck, this has to be one of the hardest things that anyone ever goes through. But, if I may, this entire hair journey you've been serving lewks! The bob?  20s icon.  The momentary one sided shave? Warrior princess realness. The full shave? Super model snack. Be kind to yourself because you always have, and always will, be stunning.
Hey bec. You are in everyone's prayers. I bet you would look cool now in head wraps...
bec is so beautiful im so jealous that after all that she still looks so much better than me. this video really touched so many of our hearts. we love you and we are here to stay for as long as you need us too
Please look into The Gerson Therapy.
You look beautiful with or without hair.
You guys are amazing and Bec’s strength and positivity through this journey is so incredibly inspiring! You rock any hairstyle and Eamon is an incredible partner. Much love and health to you both ❤️
Oh Bec I am crying along with you! You are beautiful inside and that is what shows in every single thing you do! Lee is right with through every part of this journey in spirit, just as she would be if she would be in life! Happy Million! We love you!!! And Agent Oso
You both are such gorgeous humans. I am grateful to know you! We love both of you and are sending you our best
You look so beautiful Bec. Hair or no hair. Cause you are such a beautiful person and that is what is shining through.
When you were in the salón without hair cut, the first thing that came to mind was "Pixie!" lol
I just have to add, Bec you’re so brave! You’re an inspiration! 🥰
Did anyone else fall in love with Eamon in this video?! Wow! It is so heartwarming to see the support Bec has! You are such a beautiful person inside and out Bec ❤ Your strength and positivity shines through! 🌟Thank you for sharing your journey with all of us!
Oh Bec, I felt your pain when you cut your hair. It’s one thing to battle something internally, it’s another thing to show the world what you’re battling. It’s vulnerable. You’re so strong and you’ll come out of this realizing just how powerful you are. Sending so much love to you and Eamon during this season of life 🥰
I was crying with you Bec through the whole video. You look absolutely gorgeous i love you
You are both beautiful people and thank you so much for sharing your journey. I’m sure you are making so so many people out there feel less alone. So much love to you ❤️
Bec you look so beautiful! You are absolutely stunning! 🤩
You're beautiful Bec -- inside and out 💗
Your short hair is so cute
I just started watching I'm already crying. It will grow back. And it might grow back different!
Bec , you look amazing now !! So beautiful
You guyssss ❤❤❤❤❤
Y’all are so amazing and wonderful! Much love to you both! 💗💗💗 Congratulations on 1mil subscribers!!
Bec you look seriously badass with a shaved head. Hair grows back my lovely. It's just temporary ❤️❤️❤️
What a journey! Thank you for sharing all these emotions with us. Your vulnerability makes you a superwoman 💜💜
Prayed for u in Jesus mighty Name 🙏. Just hair
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU BEC! Thank you for sharing your life with us! We love you!
Your beauty comes from the woman you are!  Hair may compliment the beauty we have, but, it does not define us. YOU ARE GORGEOUS!  Inside and out. With hair or without!!  I am proud of you for putting your journey out there!  Because of your courage, you will help so many others!  And way to go Eamen!  You are a top notch partner.
Bec, seriously you’re stunning. You look so good with all your looks!
Oh sweet girl! I cried with you. You are an amazing, strong soul! You are incredibly selfless to share these moments.
Eamon, you are the EPITOME of a supportive partner and I'm hoping you inspire others to do same for their partner.  Bec.  I know it doesn't matter what I or anyone else says to you as it's YOU that has to feel it and know it, but I'm going to say it anyway....you look AWESOME with hair, with a bob, with a shaved head, with wigs and even with very little hair/patchiness....TRULY.  You look (and I don't mean this in a weird way as I'm old enough to be your Mom lol) sexy...bad ass....strong....and very feminine.  You have a lovely shaped head (mine is flat on the back as I'm Slavic) and beautiful jawline and such a graceful neck.  You are SUCH a beautiful woman, inside and out.   And you are 100% an inspiration to soooooo many people.   Sending my love and hugs to both of you xoxo
I know you probably won’t read this, but I had to say something😌  Bec, I just wanted to tell you that watching Eamon shave your head reminded me of rebirth. Maybe in some weird way all of this was meant for you. Maybe it was Lee giving you that push to try new things and to be adventurous, in all aspects of your life. Would you have started IVF or played around with your hair style without being diagnosed? We all tend to get comfortable with our style, but stepping out of that comfortability can allow for such amazing growth! You’re going to kick cancers ass Bec and when you do, don’t lose those qualities you’ve gained along the way. Don’t forget to be adventurous in all aspects of your life💗  P.s. Thank you for being so raw with all of us. You guys could’ve kept all of this to yourselves; Bec could’ve just worn her wig and you guys could’ve just pretended everything was still normal, but you guy didn’t. Thank you for allowing us to be here for you.
I have never watched two people radiate so much beauty. Thank you for being so amazing.
You look great, and you are great!!!
Sweetheart you are a beautiful soul!!! So inspiring. My mom had a hard time losing her heart too. But you can do this. Keep fighting and keep pushing. Good vibes and prayers. ❤️❤️❤️
I love you guys
Omg you don't know how much my family and I love you. 😥🥰😍😍😍
Bec you look insanely beautiful with no hair!
Bec you look totally badass!
I’m a prostate cancer survivor. Radiation and hormone therapy were terrible but I’m thriving now. I didn’t have to shave my hair because there was little to loose. However, hair is only cosmetic and it will grow back. Love is the best medicine and it’s clear you have plenty of love surrounding you. It is also quite apparent that your self love is at the max. I will be thinking loving thoughts and sending them to you and Eamon regularly. Cancer results in lots of loss. But you will also have many gains. You will learn about your strengths. You will also learn about your limits and how to go beyond them to facilitate your recovery. You are both beautiful people. Love to the both of you. ❤️❤️
All my love and prayers for you and Eamon. I remember when my husband of 47 years went through his journey of cancer. He said he felt like a 12 year old boy with no hair. When his hair grew back It was absolutely beautiful curly and just beautiful. Itwas a long time ago, 1984.  So you will do great. It is not a fun journey, but you have a positive beautiful attitude the both of you All my love 😍
Oh Bec, you are so beautiful both inside and out.....simply stunning my lovely. Eamon, I have so much respect for you. As a mother myself it's my wish that the person my daughter chooses to spent her life with will support, love, cherish and be her strength when needed through good times and bad. Bec has this from you unconditionally. Sending you both lots of love ❤  xxx
I'm so impressed with how positive you are. You're such an inspiration. Also I pray you keep that sweet puppy. He is absolute perfection and he seems to tune into how you're feeling so well!!!
You're beautiful! We are on this journey with you -sending love
I knew it!  You really do rock no hair.  Love ❤ you
Your gorgeous hair or not god speed love you guys
163k views in 4 hours. You guys are so loved. We laugh with you and cry with you, through it all. It really, really suits you Bec. You have the perfect face to suit most styles I think. I'm glad you didn't cover Lee's sweater in teeny bits of hair though ❤
Gosh, you look fierce bald!  Sharing your true feelings and how you keep bouncing back is so meaningful!
I was laughing and crying at this weeks blog, In November last year my hair was right down my back after two rounds of chemo the inevitable happened just like you, oh how I cried the cancer didn't bother me, my hair did, I already had a long wig ready like you (can i suggest getting a Wiggit to keep it on, not those gastly caps) anyway my daughter cut off all my hair, I felt liberated that I'd chosen when to go bald not the chemo, I was still crying by the way even though showering with no hair was still fantastic and sleeping! I still wouldn't go out of the house without my wig on, its now March my hair is 1" already I went out for lunch today for the first time without it which was massive for me, im with you Bec on this journey you are doing fantastic, i was not so good with appetite and lost four stone so eat as much high calorie food as you can while you can, take care now and Eamon you are doing ace luckily my husband is the same prayers are with you both xx
YOU TWO are beautiful inside and out!
How beautifull can a person look, with each and every hair style 🥰 Bec you are a warrior!
Thank you for your truth, power and vulnerability in your recent videos.  Growing up, two of my family members battled cancer (different types to Bec). They didn't share the hard times and kept it inside - allowing family to visit on the occasional times they could face visitors.   As a child and early teen, I did not have an understanding of their experience and was kept sheltered from their struggles.  Seeing your journey hits deeply and makes me think, feel and reflect on times now gone, and to improve my understanding of what cancer warriors are going through. In awe of you both. Your openness is powerful and echoes out into the world.   I've watched your content for years and you two are very dear to me. Sending healing thoughts, energy and peace, from the UK.
Love and healing to you Bec. You are beautiful and bad-ass no matter what. ♥️
Bec,  I think you are beautiful inside and out. A strong and resilient young lady with more courage and strength of anybody I've ever known. You are a rock star girl!!   And, Eamon you are also a rock star!! I love you both. Thank you. 🪴❤ 💞❤🪴
Looks so good Bec!! truly truly <3
You could do anything with your hair and you are still beautiful!!! Your courage is inspiring!!❤️🌹
You are more than your hair. You are lucky enough to be receiving treatment, you are obviously very loved, have a great life whilst the world is going to hell in a hand basket.
You two are one of the most beautiful and strong couple EVER! And as many people here say, you are such a beautiful person inside and out Bec with or without hair! Love watching you guys with all your projects. Stay strong! With love, Papi
You are amazing, both of you xx
We fkn LOVE YOU ! Both !!! Your amazing your fkn champs thank yu for sharing this special intimate time and space with us xoxoxoxox 🖤🖤🖤😘😘😘😘 sending yu all the love 💕
I’m so sorry:(
You look amazing in all the hairstyles and cool wig idea. You guys are the best loads of love and stay strong.
I'm glad that you found out how beautiful you are with or without hair - it's just one thing - but a lot of us see it as part of identity.  Prayers for you both, and healing thoughts!
Bec you look so beautiful you really do
I love you guys <3 bec you have a beautiful head and you look so amazing bald
Please stay strong, we love you, Lee from Durham, UK
You ARE beautiful!
💋🥰💚💜
Bec you are so beautiful and brave and loved!♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️🙏🙏🙏🙏
Your so beautiful bec 🥰
Bec you are amazing...
I truly hope to find a partner as caring and thoughtful like the way you two have. You compliment each other so well and am so happy you have each other through this journey. Your love is infectious!
❤️❤️
Love reigns in you.
you are really very very beautiful, always been and always be
😘😘😘😘😘
You look beautiful either way 💕 your such a strong amazing Purson stay strong 💕💕
The plant shall be named Harry POTTER!
I'm a Hairdresser. You have an amazing Husband.  You r a cute Couple.
Bec, I am so sorry you had to go through this but it will be over sooner than you think. I went through it ten years ago and losing my hair was so heartbreaking but it grew back quickly after treatments were done. I cried watching this video because I know exactly how you feel but you are much more than your hair and after the first shock you will get used to it. Plus you are beautiful with or without your hair. Love from Florida ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You look Amazing!!!!
Bec you are amazing!   Beautiful with hair, without hair. Just a beautiful soul!   Eamon is a dude, you guys are both so strong. Keep going
It is sad that as women we fixate so much on our hair. Beauty comes from inside. Love the flower pot. If you can get some donkey tail that would look awesome in it.
Honestly, crying and laughing along with you.  Thank you for including us in your journey through some of your hardest days. Love you both !
"Who loves you baby" as Kojak would say we do Bec, be brave and fight a good fight your hair will grow back. You are a winner with loads of support and love ❤  behind you and Eamons not bad either 🤣
Love you guys so much!!. You are both beautiful! Sending prayers and positive vibes💛. Thank you again for sharing your journey with us. We are all here for you.
Bec, your head shape is perfect for bald 💞🥺💞 beautiful
You look stunning. We are sending all the love from a different snowy paradise: Austria.
Bec, you look so punk rock with a bald head. I love it! Thanks for sharing this journey with us.
I sobbed and had to watch it in parts. Eamon your support is a beautiful thing to watch and Bec you are so strong and beautiful. I am praying for you guys. Stay strong and continue being the warriors that you are.
So much inner and outer strength and beauty .  Thank You for sharing. PS. I am totally getting Eleven vibes from Stranger Things!  You totally got this!
You are so beautiful Bec, so beautiful! And this is so powerful.. Stay strong guys, love you! ❤️
Thank you guys for allowing us to join you in this journey. Love you ❤️
You are both so amazing. Sending so much love❤️
You’re gorgeous Bec! Such a strong soul❤️ we’re with you
Because you look stunning.  God loves You and so do We
As an old oncology nurse let me say that I absolutely love you and appreciate you sharing this journey, you are helping so many people.
Eamon, I have much respect for you. The love and support you give is powerful. I know Bec is strong and beautiful, but I know you are a part of her foundation to have strength during this time, and you're doing an amazing job!
U didn’t need to do deadly chemo. There r natural things that r curing people. Why r u believing the doctor & big pharma lies.
Stay Strong. You look Beautiful. Praying for you every day. 🙏
Name the first wig Sunshine....keeping with the liquid Sunshine theme. Or maybe Bertha, or Gertrude or Agnus (the old lady names are sexy imo) ;) You're so inspiring Bec! Keep kicking cancers ass with grace!
You’re rocking the shaved head Bec. You are such a strong person but I know that you are not always feeling as strong as everybody knows you are. Wishing you all the best for the future you guys have got this.
votre succés est parce que nous sentons que vous étes de belles personnes
Bec you are stunningly Beautiful! I only know one other person that rocked a bald head and I am blessed to have had her in my life for so many years! Never ever doubt honey that you are strong and absolutely stunning. Eamon you’re pretty cute too! And a amazing young man! Hold that girl close to your heart. She’s a keeper! Love, hugs and best wishes for a healthy outcome!
Bec you look amazing no matter what you do 😍
Bec you rock the no hair look! Stay strong!
Oh sweetheart you are gorgeous inside and out ♥️ keep being you! Xxx
You are so gorgeous Bec, you are being so strong. I love you and i'm praying for you. :)
Well, I am joining you in a *proper* cry right now.  Bec, seriously --- I think that on just about everyone I have seen bald, it winds up being such a fun or interesting, or dramatic look.  And then there are those people who just look *smashing* bald.  Girrrrrrrrrrrl, you look *smashing* !!  You are learning the burdens that come with this situation you are in.  Let me tell you about just one of the gifts.  And I have seen this and have been a part of this many times.  What you all will see in each other and in yourselves - what you all will learn about each other and yourselves will be *the most extraordinary thing* you have ever seen.  It's just one of those things.  If the universe is sending you through some hell, it does so while offering up bits of the heavenly.
Bec here's the truth....You truly look more beautiful with the shorter hair styles.  I know you favor the longer hair but the short hair looks are stunning.  So keep that in mind when this is over and the hair returns.  You are beautiful no matter what.....just saying...
Bec, you are rocking the the bald head. You are so beautiful inside and out, with hair or without hair. After my second round of chemo I shaved my head. I sure wish I had your scarfs. They are so beautiful. Eamon I love the support, love and compassion you have for Bec. I know you already do all of that, but I love the way you are there for Bec. Even though chemo sucks you are showing your story so beautifully. I’m sure you are helping other subscribers that are going through their own cancer diagnosis and treatment. ♥️♥️
You guys make the world a better place just by being in it. Love you both!
You're an amazingly strong badass female love you both ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Sending love to you gorgeous people. Beck you look beautiful. ❤️
Watching you go on this journey makes me emotional but happy seeing you staying positive 💜💜💜
My wife & I went bold and man do you girls look stunning so people you don't need anything as you always have you. Have a great day ❤🧡🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍 .
💜💜💜🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 waching from the 🇵🇭
You are so strong Bec, this topic is very close to my heart and there isn’t one video that I don’t cry or laugh with you! I feel like I’m in this with you guys, and even though I am not religious I have you both on my mind constantly, i’m giving you good and strong vibes all the way from Portugal!
You are a gorgeous young woman. So strong. So very very beautiful inside and out.
Love you both!
yup chemical therapy will kill everything.. cancer doesnt do that chemical therapy does... start bathing in mineral water, baking soda sea salts borax that will help Boost pH potential of hydrogen.. i did.. #drsircus
I am in awe and admiration for the humanity and joy you bring to this journey, for both of you. Eve Osso with the timing of his cone. It's just perfect. Seeing your love for one another and the myriad of ways you express your vulnerabilities to the world fearlessly, stumbling and soaring at the same time is an awe-inspiring testament to who you both are. Thank you for bringing us home.
Wow Becca, you really rock the shaved head style! You've got great features and bone structure. You my friend, are naturally beautiful 😍.   Sending 🤗 🤗 & lots of ❤️ ❤️ CarrieJo
Brave&Beautiful& bald
Have been watching for years and have been crying with you through this journey. Hope you can feel all the healing/loving vibes coming your way and it helps you get through. I feel like I know you and just wish I could give you both a hug! Eamon does such a great job having the difficult role of supporter/caregiver, you have always made a great team. I know you will have the strength to get through it together. Love you buddies! Xo
👍 to the bob Bec.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to watch this series because of my Dad's own cancer journey but I feel so much better now that I have. You have an incredible aura about you and the power you wield being able to support others in similar situations is nothing short of amazing. By sharing the journey, you've empowered others to stay positive through the rollercoaster of emotions. And with all due respect, you look effin' hot bald!
Your stunning sweetie xx and congrats on hitting a million xx
You are so beautiful and so very brave sharing this most personal moment with all of us. I would encourage long funky dangling earrings to show off that new look!!
your a very strong and beautiful lady Bec!  you have all the support of your subscribers but most of all you have the support and love of Eamon!!   your an amazing couple and love that you share your adventures with us... Best of luck on your  journey !
Bec you are So BEAUTIFUL ! You and Eamon  truly are the most lovable and real people ! Thank you for being so open and  transparent with  this very hard emotional & raw journey ! It is such a blessing  for so many who are going through this or have a loved one who is ♥️Praying for complete healing and much strength  for you both 🙏🏻❤️
This was such an emotional one to watch for me so I cannot even imagine how you both are feeling. I appreciate your vulnerability and showing your peaks and pits. You are one beautiful warrior, with or without hair!!!! 💙   Also, the planter with glasses is everything. And the "Duvet Days" is something I have while battling depression and will borrow the term to share with others.
You've made me laugh and cry in the same video. Bec, you look beautiful hunny. Have you ever watched that 90s film 'GI Jane' with Demi Moore in it? She's a real badass woman, who completely crushes Navy SEAL training. You look like her with your shaved head, and you're crushing it like her too! Cause you're badass.
Sitting here crying my eyes out watching your hair loss journey! Bec you are absolutely BREATHTAKING BALD! We as women really do associate our identity with hair… among other things…. Eamons compassion and respect for you is so beautiful to watch as well…. Keep Strong Lovely Lady… Much Love from New York.. Kim 🦋💕
You are beautiful Bec 💚🧡  I send you are good vibes from Ireland 😊
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
We really do love you guys xxxx
You are soo beuatifull!
My neighbor had gone thru Chemo and he smoked the whole time. Apparently he did it to help with pain and to eat it helped him keep his hair and his doctor said keep doing what you’re doing. ( I just thought I’d let you know)  I hope you’re doing okay today💓.
You guys rock. Such an important to journey to share. Sending love to you both.
One step and one day at a time. Chin up buttercup you’re super sexy bald!
Wow Becks, you look hot babe, sorry Eamon, no offence intended. Becks, 'Nothing compares to you' All you need to do now is sing the song and you’ll make a million 😍😍xx
You are a beauty Bec with and without hair you rock it.
Shave your head Eamon! ❤️🙏❤️🙏
So proud of You 💪 you already know it, but when people think of Bec, , they don't think of your hair  they think of what a kind, wonderful, sweet,  fun, loving person You are❤️❤️❤️ you are rocking no hair!!!  Loved the planter, so cute.  Stay strong and take one hour at a time.  You've got this!!!  Love, blessings and hope to you and Eamon 🙏🙏🙏💙💙💙
I just want to thank you guys for sharing this journey with us strangers. It takes so much courage to let us in during this time. You are both SO inspiring. Bec, you are bad ass!!!!! Hair is replaceable but your sunshine personality is not. Keep kicking cancer’s butt!
Beauty comes from within and you are a beautiful couple and we all love you
Such an inspiration all the love ❤️
You are BOTH beautiful!,,
Wow Bec you look absolutely gorgeous. Millie Bobby Brown vibes. You didn't have a scrap of make-up on in some of these shots and you look absolutely great with a shaved head!! I love the short bob look too, that's something to look forward to in your recovery. Enjoyed the Aimee style wig fashion parade 😂 I vote you name for first wig Celeste 😍 seriously good quality, cannot tell it's a wig . Sending much love and good stuff. 💜💜💜
You look beautiful
How is it possible you look even prettier without your long brown hair??
You are absolutely beautidul, Bec!!  Without the wig your eyes just pop!!  Continued prayers for peace during this journey!
I hope Eamon don't stop telling you everyday that you're beautiful because we would love to be there to tell you but we can't. Bec, please know that you are stunning, with or without hair like, girl you look so pretty always.
You are beautiful inside and outside!
I do understand that shave your head forced by the situation and not because you want to is very hard, but...really, you totally amazing bold! There are many women that shave their head because they love the style and you totally could've done it because it fits you. Cheer up and crush this cancer.
Looking at Bec with that bald head, I'm like, Oh crap. Now the modeling agency is going to call, and next thing you know, she's going to be jet-setting all over the world, showing up on the cover of Vogue and Sports Illustrated, partying with rock stars, buying villas in France and Italy, and poor Eamon will slide slowly into alcoholism and cross-dressing (not that there's anything wrong with that) (the cross-dressing part, I mean) (probably triggered by the wearing of wigs) and they'll split up and fight over who gets custody of the dog, and it'll be on tv every night and dang it, I wish things could just go back to simpler times.
Bec you're  beautiful inside out ....and the  no hair so suits you not everyone  can pull it off but u do ....feel well soon n stay strong
Stay strong both of you...you got this! Wishing you well
❤❤❤just sending love!
stay strong Bec! you are so absolutely beautiful inside and out <3 love from Toronto Canada
For what it’s worth, after he shaved off the last bit my first thought was how strong you looked!!  And strong is beautiful ❤️
Youre so beautiful, in and out!
Big love from England - what a wonderful inspirational couple you are. So brave to share what you are having to endure, but I would imagine this is offering untold support to others in similar situations. Hair or no hair your inner beauty shines through. Keep fighting.
You are so beautiful!
Youre so beautiful, in and out!
Bec- hair does not define you- you are so much much more- you are beautiful inside and out - 💕
Good morning Beast Eamon Bec candna Ontario YouTube video 🇨🇦🇨🇦🍃🍃🍃🌿🌿☘️🐕
Your beauty and light radiates through your eyes and your smile and your actions.   That love and light will carry you through this phase of your life.  You are and will continue to be beautiful 💛💛💛
Love you guys ❤️ maybe you guys should get a cat their purring is super healing
You guys are an inspiration and Bev you’re beautiful!!
You look freaking amazing!! Thank you for the bravery of sharing your story! Sending positive vibes and love!
Bec, oh how liberating!  You are so beautiful!  And Eamon, you are my new hero!
You are so inspiring and beautiful!!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
bald is beautiful and it will grow back better than ever!!
YOU SUIT SHORT HAIR SO MUCH! I loved being bald, because it makes it no fuss, you can literally go to bed right after a shower no problem, personally my head started to irritate me so I was glad to shave it all off when it came to it, I think everyone goes through a bit of resistance I thought maybe somehow I won't loose it, dude you also shaved yours a lot sooner than mine! I ended up putting it off until getting a wickedly wide hair part lol, then I was like ahh ok time for a shave after a day of walking around like that, it was a lot more annoying have it fall all over the place for those going through the same thing, so you save yourself a lot of grief and annoyance :) everyones comfort level is valid though and each experience and reaction is unique and ok to have <3 lots of love P.S. watching the rest of the video you look incredible bald too you rock the boho shaved head! I loved getting into statement earrings, never bothered even buying a wig myself, some people say it gets annoying because the head sensitivity, also those neck gaiters you can wear over your head too :)
SANDING MOUCH LOVE BE WELL
You are such an amazing and beautiful lady Bec. I am sending you love, courage, strong positive vibes. One day at a time. Both of you are fantastic. Love from PEI, Canada.
You are gorgeous, Bec. Absolutely beautiful inside & out.... Both of you. I admire your strength. It's pretty obvious that you are going to kick cancer's ass! Love you guys!   Congrats on 1+ mil!
Short or long or shaved you still look cute
Petition for Eamon to shave his head with Bec.
You are so brave and beautiful I cried for  you hang in there
Keep being positive Bec you have got this.  You have to best support with you .  Sending best wishes from Sydney Australia
it is so painful to watch bec go through this!! it makes me wanna cry seeing her cry!! you look beautiful with it without hair!! just think this is one step closer to beating cancer ❤️
Bec, I don't know your blood type but not all people can eat vegan/vegetarian... "Blood group O According to the blood type diet, someone with blood type O is a carnivore with a strong digestive system and an overactive immune system.  In this blood group, the advice is given to choose especially lean chemical-free meat, poultry, fish and shellfish, oil, nuts and seeds, vegetables, fruit and juices.  Products that are very restricted: dairy, grains, legumes, gluten, certain vegetables such as red cabbage and Brussels sprouts, tea, coffee and cola."
bec: your bravery is admirable!; eamon: your unconditional support is next level. i cried alongside you guys. i laughed alongside you, too. thank you for sharing the raw experience of YOUR journey to healing. ♥️even during your time of struggle, you both are STILL spreading joy into every corner of the universe/internet/all the things. your strength is helping so many. you are loved & you are BEAUTIFUL!
Thank you for sharing your real and brutally honest journey. There is so much strength and beauty in all you both have done on this journey of LIFE!
Wow you guys that was so emotional i cried the whole time. Bec you look great!! Thanku for sharing this super personal journey. I hope you have a great day today x
Many blessing to you and your family.  Embrace, strong, love.
I know you know this, but you two really are so SO so SO loved! We are cheering you on!
You are truly amazing Bec. Beautiful Inside and out no matter what. ❤️❤️
Laughing with you. Crying with you. Love and prayers. 💕
queen!  you are killing the bald look!  you look absolutely stunning!
You are beautiful 😍❤️🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻
You two are seriously so amazing! I have watched you both for so long & have always loved your journeys. This one is a journey where we can truly send you both so very much love & hopefully you can feel it. You’re awesome, you’ve got this, one day at a time. With love …❤️
You are amazing I'm so proud of you both. Bec's this man loves you and it's as obvious as snow in winter. Become a strong three fold cord which is a very strong cord that is made up of you, Eamon and God  there is no stronger bond. I love you. xxx
What’s your address so I can send you stuff
Love you guys 💗
BECCCC you’re a cute lil baldie! 💓 you honestly look just as cute as you do with hair! You didn’t change in our eyes so you’re still beautiful! Also big thank you to eamon for taking care of our internet mom ❤️
You are so strong. BALD IS BEAUTIFUL ❤
Hi Guys!!!! Bec you look stunning rocking your new style. We are behind you both to get through this stepping stone in life. Your positivity and strength will get you through. Sending loads of love.
Bec is so beautiful, bald or not! I’m not only talking about her head💖💛🧡💚💙❤️💕💜
I cried so much with you Bec, this must've been so hard. But Eamon is right, you look amazing and you are so brave. it's truly inspiring. love you guys!
Yes you are Bec... You are beautiful  love you guys♥️
I started watching you because my aunt had breast cancer and I found you on the trending page, you are ABSOLUTELY beautiful and strong and thank you for sharing this with the world- I learned so much and I know others have as well as being inspired by you. I can't imagine how hard it is. You two are a wonderful amazing couple <3
My sister got a wig and never wore it ! She was determined to not shave her head (only had a few curls left), while my mom did a huge chop and dyed her hair pink! Biggest thing is to rock whatever you do- it’s not the hairstyle but it’s the confidence!
Every single person needs an Eamon in there life. He is such an amazing an supportive person. And Bec you are so amazing! And your positive light you been shedding (oops no pun intended) on this is so inspirational. Sending continued Prayers and good vibes!
Bec you look amazing!! You are glowing!!  I love you girl!! You are a strong woman 💗
That last clip of bec talking to the camera was so powerful and strong , your beautiful no matter what , xxxx
You are beautiful!! 🤗🤗🤗
Hair or no hair you are still amazing😊
You are beautiful.. Hair doesn't make you..Prayers for you. God bless... Love your videos..🇺🇸❤️🌹
Sending you all the LOVE!!! You are so beautiful and your energy radiates through the screen ❤️❤️❤️ thank you for sharing with us! you’re an inspiration xxx
Bec you are even more beautiful. Love ❤️ it!
When you are a beautiful person it doesn't matter if you have hair or not stay strong 🤠
You are such a beautiful soul Bec!!!! I’m sending you love from NC!!!!
U is Brave , U is Beautifull , U Both is Everything LOVE .... STAY BLESSED , Love from the Muslim community of Pakistan .... ❤️✨👏✌🏽
God bless you both ...i don't know know what to say .....thanx eamon for being on her side taking care of her like a King . It's hard to think about what you going through but all i can say is god is with you both and we too
beauty is in your personality , and you got a lot of that
Hey Bec! I know my journey is nothing like yours, but 4 years ago I decided to shave my head by choice. I kept it shaved and had a short pixie for 2 years before growing it back. Now I'm getting some extensions put in soon! It's exciting! I just wanted to say, even though for me it was by choice, I know that feeling of being so scared of loosing all of your hair. At first, I didn't want to do it, I was so afraid, but my body was asking for it so I decided to honour it because I knew it was important. That being said, you will be experiencing so many new amazing things that will empower you. It is so true that we are attached to our hair like it's who we are and, in loosing it, we feel like we are loosing our beauty. But that's not true. In loosing it, you will shed that part of you that held that belief and you will develop this deeper love and connection to yourself 💜 You will discover that beauty isn't outside of you, but inside. Being bald will allow your inner light to shine through even more! Rest assured that you look absolutely beautiful without your hair. You look strong, sexy and totally badass! 🙌 Plus, when it starts growing back you will have the opportunity to try a TON of different styles with your hair! Haircuts, wigs, colours, hair tattoos, etc! I personally went for silver gray, which I absolutely adored! The best part is, it all eventually grows back, but that love and connection that you've discovered will stay with you forever. Sending you and Eamon all of my love and positivity 🌻☀️
I’m so very touched by your story and I’m really missing words for what you have to go through.. Sending a lot of love to you two, you are amazing!!!
You are so beautiful and as a cancer survivor, I will say that it’s only hair and it grows back, get well and sending love and prayers. Enjoy the wigs and living life.
Kudos to Bec for literally being so bloody brave. And that wig is actually your hair, you can't tell even by a percent that it's a wig. You're going to come out of this only by the way you're handling this. You're so strong it's amazing and making me tear up a little bit. Eamon is a gem for stepping up and keeping everything as normal as possible for you. You both are lucky to have each other
You are such a tough, strong, gorgeously beautiful, humbled SUPER woman Bec.  That’s all. 💕 Sending love & prayers. ❤️❤️
With you! So much love to both of you! 💕😘✨🥰💪🏻🐬🙌🏻
I'm writing this mid-video - I actually have about 10 inches of hair I chopped and was going to donate but if you need more hair I'll certainly send it your way, Bec! Our hair is quite similar in color and texture! 💖
as a man theres nothing worse than not being able to help... we usally just approach problems with ill figure it out and here in this instance no amount of comfort can do... keep fighting eamon and bec we are here with you ❤ i feel it so much for you guys im having a hard time expressing myself through my comment
Praying for your recovery! Bec you look amazing! My mother went thru chemo and she rocked the scarves. Have fun with it!
19:10 brought me to tears. Thank you for sharing your journey Bec. ❤️
I just love you! Sending you so much love and light.
Blessings to you and your family. Bec you are amazing and strong
You guys are inspiring, you give me hope in love! Watching you guys learn and grow and do something incredibly difficult together. You both are beautiful inside and out.
hippocrates health institute  - to name one
Bec, you are a warrior Woman!  Kick that @#$%*×!cancer's  ass and never look back!
Bec is one strong lady!!! Eamon  you are a rock star!!! Your love for your beautiful lady definitely shines through.  Continuing to pray for you both!!!  And yes Bec you are rocking the bald look!!!!
Name could be Elle or Ellie for PRETTY.  BEAUTIFUL!!!!  As a girl who has always had thin hair that was so straight it bent backwards I can lend a certain understanding around this phenom.  My hair is thinning with age.  Both aunt and mom went almost bald and wore wigs for decades before each having cancer.  Aunt finally loudly demanded they quit trying to put it on her in Care Facility.  They also both lived pretty long happy lives.  Dad lost his voice box to cancer.  There’s a whole drama after that.  Your story is sweet with the love you all share with each other and us.  I appreciate you.  Namaste 🙏
Bec, you are so brave to share this with the world.  Sending much love your way. <3
you are beautiful. Love from Belgium
names for the wig; Frank(ie) Gary, jeff, Becs hair 2.0.  👩👩
I can’t imagine how you feel and I am so sorry you have to go through this..But it seriously looks so cool! You look amazing Bec! 🤍🤍🤍
Well done!! You are so brave. You'll get past this
YOU ARE STRONG. YOU ARE A WARRIOR. 🙏🙏🙏 YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL 🎀🎀🎀
Hey beautiful, Love you.
One in a million that's what you are Bec. I know you'll win the battle. Eamon you're totally amazing too. Sending you both positive vibes.
Part of me had a really hard time clicking this video. I am always happy to support you guys, though. You are so strong, Bec! You didn't have to share this vulnerable part with us and yet, here you are, sharing with us. Thank you and get well soon! ❤️ On the up side, there's a chance that you won't grow leg, armpit, and pubic hair back again! I know that's still shitty but, we gotta make some light somewhere.
Wow. I felt so many emotions watching this inspiring video. Bec, you are so so so beautiful. You just have this energy that is one of a kind. I can't even begin to imagine what you are going through but showing this vulnerability his just so inspiring to watch. You are Strong, you are powerful and you are beautiful inside and out.  and Eamon, I just hope one day I find a man who will support me, love me and be my rock the way you are with Bec. Honestly Eamon you are so strong and you have a beautiful soul.  To the both of you, stay strong. We are all with you on this journey fighting together. and most importantly you are not alone. So much love
This week touched my soul in so many ways. Your relationship is wonderful and so inspiring. Bec, you are so very beautiful and brave❤️❤️ thank you for sharing such a personal time with us. Sending love and strength your way My suggestion  is to call your wig Frida , for Frida Kahlo
You look gorgeous bald, Bec. You are truly an inspiration for strength and courage. Sending you love and healing vibes from Jackson Ohio 💜 Can’t wait to hear you announce remission. It’s coming, no doubt in my mind. Hang in the girl. You are a rock star.
Hair? It grows back 😘😘💕💕
Courage ❤❤❤❤❤
I have Androgenic Alopecia, and I wear wigs every day of my life. I also shave my own head monthly to make wearing them easier. I feel your pain, but this transition has taught me SO much. We adore you and how brave you are. I love how you combined your hair with Eamon's for your wig!
❤️❤️❤️
Absolutely Beautiful ❤️
Hair does not define who you are sugar. You are stronger then you think Sunshine. Nothing but good vibes to ya
With a face as beautiful as yours Bec you could honestly have any hair style, or no hair style. Your beauty is more than skin deep. You glow, always. Sending so much love ❤️
Bec you look so beautiful still 😍 it suits you so much. all off your supporter's are so proud of you now and and in awe with how strong you are xx
Way to go girl,  you certainly slay the no hair look!  Take care and stay safe!
You are really pretty and really beautiful and you should really embrace it because you rock it. ❤ We love you.
Sending love ❤
This may have been addressed in another video, but why is Oso wearing a cone?
I know your pain, I have very thin hair and i can’t find anything to help. It makes me so depressed.
Love you guys  ❤️
I love you guys 💗😘 Sending you love and prayers
All I have to say is 1. yall are such a beautiful couple and light and I sincerely look forward to your videos every sunday but also 2. props to Eamon, You deserve so much credit for being such a loving and strong partner for Bec. Your love for her is incredible and she only deserves the best and you are able to do that for her and its beautiful. 3. Bec, you are SO strong, so positive and are going to beat this. youre a trooper and your perserverance and courage is incredible. <3 stay strong
Looking good, no matter what stage.  Wow, you are such a strong person and you are a strong couple.
You’re both so strong. I want to acknowledge how amazing Eamon is at being strong for Bec. It’s not easy to watch someone you love be sick and you do such a great job of supporting her. You two are gems thank you for sharing your light with the world.
Missed you last Sunday ;-(
rockin' the bald!!!!  you are absolutely beautiful!!  ❤ prayers for smooth and quick recovery.
Gorgeous girl!  You are rocking it.  Hugs to you both.  Eamon, you are rocking it, too.  I know Miss Lee checks in with love!  🤍❤️🤍
Bec! You are beautiful. Loved seeing you embrace it at the end. Eamon- gosh you are so tender and caring. What a great partner. Love that I found our channel. No surprise you surpassed 1 million subscribers. Love you both ❤. Sending warm sunshine fromTucson AZ
You guys are just both so brave and lovely, I’ve been following your journey for a few years and I’m so grateful that you’ve shared your story with us all. You’re lucky to have each other, I’ve been with my darling wife since we were 16, now in our sixties and I see the same love that you have for each other that we have been lucky enough to also have. So stay strong because we all love you no matter what 🥰😘
As someone who is disabled, I see your journey. It is about attachment to hair and feeling beautiful, and having your health status be visible, but it’s also about having choices taken away. It’s very tough mentally. But you’re doing an amazing job honoring your feelings and letting yourself move through. You’re both doing amazing, sweeties 🌞💛🌞💛
You rock the bald look...such a beauty inside and out...you both are ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
You. Are. So. STRONG. 💪❤️
You guys are an amazing team.  Bec you are truly beautiful inside and out!  Thank you for allowing us to watch your journey. 💕
Been a viewer for years now and my boyfriend and I cried together watching this. Sending you both so much love. You both have an amazing ability to be positive through stressful situations. Thank you for sharing your journey with us all.
You are so beautiful ❤️ and you are so strong
Bec you look so amazing with short hair. My sister went through the same thing and her hair grew back even better than before. Your a beautiful person inside and out and that is what counts. So proud of you both for the subscriber count. Sending BIG HUGS to you both. Much Love and Appreciation.
Wow!  You look so pretty. I have so many bumps on my head, I'd look like the elephant man. Stay strong, beautiful.
We love you!
Hey Bec, no idea if you'll see this..I've been a hairstylist for 24yrs. I've been honored to do this for many women. Such a difficult thing to do that you really don't have much of a choice. You are so beautiful inside and out❤ I love watching your journey through the years.
I’m with Eamon, you are absolutely gorgeous bald.  Your beauty is more than your outward appearance but Damn, you look good!😉
Heyyy from Portugal - keep strong and all the best 👍
I am SO glad you have your cabin for a healing safe haven!  So meant to be.  I’m praying for you both!!!
You are amazing for sharing this and showing a vulnerable side of yourself.  Sending you strong and positive energy!  Thank you for this and being you.
I'm so glad you have each other.
Hey Bec! It's awesome to see your positive attitude through all of this! I just saw the part where you were talking about making a wig. I just cut off 22 inches of hair (never bleached or dyed, and same shade as yours), please let me know if you would like it! I want to donate it, and I can't think of anyone who I would rather give it to than you!
I cried right along with you.  You are so beautiful.
You look amazing and you  are!!! Much love from me to you both ❤️ ❤️ And to Oso 🐕
You are a BEAUTIFUL WARRIOR!
I love women with long hair very seldom do I find short hair sexy old mother Mary of Jesus don't worry about your hair you look so freaking hot put a lot of pics on Instagram! Embrace it you beautiful are or not!
That planter is such a thoughtful gift. Please keep Oso he's amazing.
Sending love to you both 💛💛
You're a strong strong woman! What a journey and what a strong beautiful mindset you have and share with aemon😍
Losing hair everywhere and not having to shave was a good part of it all for sure.  Losing nose hairs is something you don't think of but will happen as well.  It is really weird and your nose drips and you become thankful for  having hair in your nose normally.  It is all fine though and maybe you will have chemo curls when your hair grows back- on your head not your nose- haha...  I loved my chemo curls and when my head was bald I had some nice wigs but felt most comfortable just wearing a beanie.  Love to you!  💜
We currently have a post going on The REROOT facebook page suggesting wig names! Lots of great ideas so far! We love you!!
Beautiful in and out! Sending you both lots of love 💕
I love you both so much!  Thank you for sharing this journey.
You are both so so amazing in your partnership and your positivity in  this journey that no one should ever have to do.  AND YES, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT IN EVERY STAGE!
Bec oh love you have me in tears, you are absolutely beyond beautiful. Your beauty is more than your hair. Your beauty is your soul, your beauty is that radiating energy that I just enjoy watching. Your beauty radiates threw my screen with just your personality.
You guys rock! Eamon being so supportive is amazing to see and Bec, he’s right-you’re beautiful and we appreciate the openness in sharing this journey with us. Take care of you first!
you are a warrior and a hero and so beautiful!❤
You guys are both an inspiration through and through. It’s incredible to see you share your most vulnerable moments. Sending love and healing energy to you both.
Bec you are beautiful!  So so strong, brave, and incredible! Your positive energy is amazing!!  I know you will get through this and will be in this world for a years to come!  Eamon what an incredible partner you are for Bec!  So loving, supportive, and having positive energy during these very difficult times!  Much ❤️!
I cried and smiled in equal measure. Sending sooooo much love and strength for this journey under foot.
Eamon is officially the standard of what a loving partner is! I loved him before this but there are no words. Bec you are the standard of what strength is. The way the two of you love each other is so beautiful. Thanks for sharing the most challenging and vulnerable moments in your lives. You will survive and then continue to thrive. Pardon my French but F**K cancer! We love you two so much. Be blessed!
I don’t usually comment, however Bec and Eamon. You’ve touched my heart. Bec YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and Eamon is just so over the top supportive. Just take one moment at a time. Your doing awesome. 🤗
Your so beautiful inside, outside, hair, no  hair you are loved for who you are. All those who see you for you are LUCKY to have you in their lives. Sending hellos from Wasilla Alaska,  Tschandra   P.s. I have same head scarf lepord print all the way.  Sorry the flower head scarf is to die for made for you!
Love the cut on you! It would have been a great a great choice, just for a fun change, even if you hadn’t been “prodded” to decide to do it.You have such beautiful bone structure that you look fantastic bare-headed too! Very 2022 chic! I could feel how emotionally devastating it was on you to lose it though. Eamon’s  right though, it will grow back (and my best friend’s stick- straight hair grew back thick with a natural curl, and REALLY healthy, which she was told wasn’t unusual) Tons of love and prayers. There are more than a million of us out here who love and care about you. Big hugs💕
Thank you so much for sharing. Please know how much you are both adored and loved deeply 🥰🥰🥰
Eamon is so sweet, Bec!
God bless you Bec keep being strong you are amazing
Also like... unicorn coloured wigs are a thing 👀
Bec you are a true superstar, thank you for being so brave and strong and taking us on this journey with you. Shout out to Eamon for being a true gentleman
You power woman! You are so brave. Thank you for sharing so much with us. I sent you a pile of hugs. You are also on a spiritual journey I hope you see that. Just take a look at the Buddhist teachings of non-attachment. Take good care. You still look fabulous. and what a sweet supportive partner you have! Your love for each other and positive mindset is so inspiring and beautiful to see.  💗
YOU ARE AMAZING!! I’m so proud of you
Bec, you look SOOOOOO much better with a shaved head than you did with a fringe (or bangs). You are not your hair. Your hair is not you. Focus on keeping your energy to fight your cancer. Your hair will come back. That liquid sunshine needs your energy, embrace wigs for a hance to experiment with loads of different colours of hair!
I love you both so much! Thank you for sharing your vulnerability and showing what a loving relationship looks like. I sobbed the whole way through and now reading these comments…only you two could create such a beautiful community. Sending allllll the love 🤍🤍🤍
Adorable in your Bob 👏👏👏❤️
Your beautiful and very brave. My Prayers are with you.
Bec you’re amazing and my heart goes out to you and girl you can rock any look all live from fellow Canadian girl here from BC Canada 🇨🇦🇨🇦❤️❤️❤️
Your so strong !! Your beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
You're doing great.  Hang in there.
Bec is so beautiful no matter what❤ wishing you guys all the best and a speedy recovery
I’m blown away from the courage you both are showing the world. You’re both so strong as Beautiful Inside and Out!
You are both so awesome. You got this!
Sending so much love and *huuuuuuuuggggssssss*  I've only had 2 bad hair cuts *touch wood* and the utter frustration and despair that I went through for like 2 solid weeks... I can only imagine how hard it is to deal with, especially the emotional baggage it comes with. But one day you'll be rocking a sun hat and pushing your hair out your face and all will be well ❤   I hope you don't feel too ill if you're reading this, and if you are then here's a cuppa and a brolly to keep the rain off while the storm rages on. *huuuuuggggggssss* rooting for you ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Bec you'll always be beautiful no matter how much hair you have love you!!
Bec you’re so strong and amazing and just GORGEOUS. Thanks for sharing your journey.. you have the support of so many people. I know I don’t know you but I love you. 💛
Bec I sit here and watch you and you are an AMAZING WOMAN. I am hugging you right now. Eamon you are so supportive and every man should strive to be JUST LIKE YOU. I LOVE YOU BOTH SO VERY MUCH. OSO TOO COOL DOG
Bec you were beautiful with hair and you are just as beautiful without hair.
Keep strong from little country
Love you guys ❤️
You got this! BTW Eamon is serious......... you are beautiful bald. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cute 11 inches of my own hair in your honour. Cheers
I feel for you Bec. I hope you are doing good right now
I know she thinks he’s “just saying that” but I Love It too 😍 for real. You may wanna keep that cut ❤️ who knew right?
You are an inspiration Girl. With the love of your life by your side and your YouTube family cheering you on you will get through this. ❤️ From Sydney Australia 🇦🇺 XX
Feeling all the emotions with you two! Sending love and good vibes!!
Thanks for showing the ups and downs in life ❤
You are so beautiful with it without hair. I love your spirit! I also have breast cancer. So does my identical twin sister. I am having my radiation planning appointment next Tuesday March 8 while I wait to find out if I need chemo. I am in a “gray” area so they are doing oncotyping to see if I will benefit from it. Wishing you the best in your journey. Reach out if you want to talk to another cancer fighter xo.
Hey Bec you are kingin-it. It is a wierd and distrubing thing to see your hair fall out, especially when you know you are not well. Facing impermanence like you are is wonderful. We do spend alot of time thinking "how do I look". Once we take that inner dialoge away we realize we can dance in the world naked. The beauty shining from within is what we really are attracted to. Keep on shining Bec. Love, Karen
Bec, your inner beauty, positivity and strength shine through you. YOU are so beautiful. When I look at you I see you smile and your eyes, never your hair. And I know you will love all the different hair styles you will try 'cause you will rock any anyway Love and prayers for both of you from the other end of the world.
The strength that you guys have inspires me beyond anything I can imagine. You are such a beautiful person and you have such a great support system. Thank you for sharing this❤️
Eamon has now cut his own hair, his dad’s hair, and Bec’s hair. Pretty sure he’s starting a side business and not telling any of us lol
Thank you for sharing your honest journey! You are in my thoughts and prayers. ❤
When you pulled Eamon’s hair out, it was made for you ❤️ after my son’s birth my hair started falling out and I decided to do a pixie cut and then buzz cut it, I felt so FREE and so confident, people thought I was going through a crisis because my hair was down to my waist lol and I told everyone I was fine, I just wanted something new. When you feel it’s time you just know. Best thing to do is just embrace it and experiment, I learned to accessorize with make up and use different earrings when I had short hair, it was fun
Bec you are absolutely beautiful no matter what. Cancer does not defined who you are. You will have your ups and downs but your strength, positivity, and support of loved ones is what keeps you going. You are an amazing soul and you deserve the best. I love you guys and always stay positive.
HEY BEC… all BS aside you look fuckn AWESOME with the shaved/bald head. YOU GOT THIS SIS 💚💛🤩 sending Hugs to you and Eamon 😍💕
I know the reason behind shaving your head is an emotionally straining situation but personally I think both long hair, bangs, and shaved head all work for you. I think you look beautiful.
beck you are such a brave woman really inspiring to watch, you two are authentic. i wish you the best, lots of love💐
You can literally rock any hair style! Gorgeous! Thank you so much for sharing your journey - the highs and lows. I'm sure you are helping so many people going through the same situation. Sending tons of love from Pennsylvania <3
I can't get over how much you look like Natalie Portman in V for Vendetta! I think bald looks beautiful on you <3
I'm sobbing with you... Still watching. I'm at the part where Eamon is shaving your beautiful hair. What a strong woman you are!
why did Oso have a cone on? he looks so sad with it on...Keep you head up Bec and take it one day at a time.
You’re beautiful!!❤️
You look amazing no matter what ! I really think you can get away with any look , you’re so gorgeous !
Love you guys. Stay strong.
Stay strong and when this is over you will be stronger than ever
That bob is beautiful.
YOU GUYS are sooo incredibly beautiful!!! I cried with you and im sending nothing but postitve vibes your way to both of you and oso as well ive been a fan for along time now and Its beyond crazy how much yall have helped me i couldnt get out of bed due to severe depression anxiety and ptsd yall have helped to dream and I know one day I will have a van and ill be traveling hopefully running into you guys!! I just love yall and im here with yall on this journey of yalls. I literally look for new videos yall post because i just constantly pray and think about you all!!! your definitely arent alone!!!
Aww Bec:🤩🤩 you are gorgeous  🤩
You're beautiful and always have been Bec 💕 so happy to see you embrace all that you've gone through so far.
Bec, I just want you to remember how beautiful you are. You are genuinely stunning and the fact that you can pull off bald so beautifully is a testament to that💜
You are beautiful!
I wish I could come up with the words to express how much I love you guys, I always look forward to seeing your videos pop up even if I know I it’s a tear jerker, I even told my bf earlier “I have to watch it idc, I love them and I care!” He just shrugged and said ok lol y’all are such sweet hearts and I admire you guys sharing this journey💛 thank you for being you
I'd love to know what mascara and make up you use!
Oh Bec, you are so brave!!! So much love to you!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I started watching you guys' van life vids and UGH this made me cry! I'm so sorry you're going through this! Sending good vibes and hopes for remission and forever health!  Also OSO IS SO CUUUUTTE OMG!!!!
Oh, lol. I should have waited till the end to comment. 🤣
Bec can literally pull off anything! Absolutely every way. So strong sending love💕
Bec, that thumbnail of you bald reminds me of a Bond girl or some badass movie hero.  I have never seen any woman look so good bald.  You rock this look girl.
You are beautiful with or without hair ❤️ 🙏💐
I know the hair is gone… but Bec en s still with us.
Bec you look gorgeous 😍💗💗
You are so amazing Bec! So proud of you and your strength.
You look like Eleven from Stranger Things, maybe you'll develop some kick ass super powers :D Never give up!
Stay strong, you are amazing , stay positive and receive the love and positivity from Eamon. He has you. You have got this
Bec you may not have your hair but you still have your great smile . And you have a great guy in Eamon. What more would a woman want😊. Sending you best wishes from Ireland.
You're amazing Bec! You really do look so beautiful 😍 you pulled off every hair look!
I don't normally leave comments on videos (always a like though!), but I feel like I've really gotten to know the both of you through your journeys ❤❤ I started following you about 4 years ago and am constantly inspired by your abilities to be vulnerable and authentic. You both are incredibly strong, positive and full of such abundant love for each other. Thank you for sharing your courageous and brave lives with the world, inspiring us with your kindness. You are both such a blessing to this world 🥰🥰 thank you for sharing such immense light, even when life is hard. 🤙❤🌞🌻
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out , no matter how much hair you have! And Eamon is an amazing partner to support you through this journey. We are watching and sending all the good healing vibes, from the UK.
💛
Sending MAD love to you two ♥️
Your husband is so super.  Your doing good look forward.
Stay strong and stay positive. Laugh often and continue to hold one another through this journey.  You are beautiful Bec.  I don't comment often but I enjoy watching your videos.
Your beauty shines through.  Sending love hugs and prayers.
Not me balling my eyes out when she said “okay stop” the way her voice broke. Bec you are beyond beautiful inside and out. Thank you for letting us watch your journey in your vulnerable heart breaking moments. Thanks for allowing us to see your strength and beauty shine threw. Eamon you are a real rock being there for Bec and helping to remind her how beautiful and loved she is.
Inspiring 🙌🏻
Hello from Jerusalem. Beck, you are soooo cool and honestly - you look qmazing
😇💕💌
God Love You Bec.  😇 You are an amazing, strong, courageous, incredibly inspirational, & beautiful young lady. Hair or no hair.   Eamon God Love You  😇 You are a strong, courageous, loving, & beautiful partner to Bec.  I think about you both everytime I drive by KGH & the Cancer clinic. Knowing that you, and many others, are receiving the best treatments and care anyone could ask for.  Take Care & see you all next week. ❤
You’re such a beautiful soul Bec. We’re all praying for you. Eamon  you’re doing such a good job supporting her. Love and hugs to you both♥️🙏🏼♥️🙏🏼♥️
So strong!!!  I just want to jump through my phone to give you a hug! You look stunning Bec!
YOU are soooo Beautiful! ...😍🤗🤗🥰 I know you will get about a million of those comments on this video, but you need to HEAR and EMBRACE them ALL!!! Not everyone can pull it off, but when you gave us that close up shot putting on your makeup, wow girl! You are gorgeous!! 😍 You just ROCK it girlie!!! Eamon... first off..🤗..You are just an AMAZING man!!! She is so blessed to have you!  *** (All you guys out there need to be taking notes and learning from this one!)***😉😉
Bec you look Epic - Eamon you are the best partner anyone could wish for. Bec you are the best version of you you could be and celebrate you for you.
The courage you have, and then share with others, is simply amazing. You’ll never know the positive impact you have on others by sharing your journey. Then there is Eamon. He is the man! His love and caring for you is so heartwarming, even though we all know he is suffering too. He probably feels a little helpless, knowing you are suffering Bec, and he can’t fix it for you. You are both awesome, amazing humans.  ❤️❤️
Sending you both lots of love 💜💜💜✨
Obviously you do not have to share this❤️ I so appreciate that you do, && I really enjoy the way you are sharing your journey 💜 love you guys !!
You are both so beautiful …. Thank you for sharing such a personal experience. Love you !
Beautiful!❤️
You two just bring so much joy to the world, send you lots of love and blessings <3
We love you and we are with you. Sending you both all the beautiful energy in the world.
Your short hair reminds me of Leanne Ford.  Maybe you two are each others doppelganger?
If my mum didn't just spend $200 on my hair, I would shave it for you. Shaved my hair a few times before. Felt so nice on the scalp
You two never cease to amaze me! Your strength and love for one another is one for the books. One could only hope to look as beautiful as Bec if faced with the same path. Bec you are absolutely beautiful with hair or without! Thank you for sharing your journey with us!
Eamon is right.  You look absolutely beautiful with a shaved head. ❤
You’re beautiful with or without hair that’s because when you have a beautiful inside it shines on the outside, love peace and strength GOD is with you guys 🙏
Dear Bec, sending hugs and good vibes to you.  Xoxo
You are beautiful you have such a gorgeous face and head and you can rock this style !
Bed you look ABSOLUTELY STUNNING without hair….what a great shaped head girl!❤️
❤❤❤
Sending so much Love and Sunshine energy from Morocco! 🇲🇦 You are both Amazing!
I never thought I would say these words but you look hot bald.
Okay but honestly, you have such an amazing head shape! You are beautiful! You are strong! You are a warrior 🥰
Are you keeping that dog he is so amazing and worries about bec so much
you guys are so full of love and amazing energy. I hope you can receive twice it back to you! thank you for sharing and being vulnerable, you're strong as hell. keep going, one step at a time.
Such strong souls 🤍 all the love kindness to the both of you!!!
Wow, you are beautiful, girl, outside and in 😍😍
Bec your beautiful vulnerability and strength will show others they can get through similar experiences. I cried watching  Eamon shaving your hair off. I love Eamon trying your wig and hair hat 💗😁😂 What an amazing partner 💗🙏🏻💗 Love to you both 💗🙏🏻
Only you two would be able to be going through such a hurdle and still make people smile.  As a person who struggles with depression, seeing this fills me with hope that I can do it too. I can do hard things and I can make people smile. Thanks for being such huge inspirations. I prayed a blessing over Bec through an Instagram dm, but I keep her in my thoughts every single day. What a feeling it is to be able to see her well and powering through. Cheers to being a successful cancer survivor!! 🥂
I cut my hair into a bob! I had very long hair also! My love and and thoughts are with you!❤️🙏❤️🙏
😭 This has me in tears. She's so young and beautiful going through this. Vulnerable and strong. He's trying to be her rock and keeping it all in because he actually loves her and just wants her to be ok yet it has to be hurting him to see her so upset and feel helpless to save her. Honestly, caregivers need therapy too. And all the women in my family keep dying from the BRCA mutation so I'm wondering if I'm going to be ok or when's my turn except I don't have a guy to tell me I'm beautiful. This is so freaking deep and it's hitting so hard. I'm out.
I feel really bad for you bec
I cried with you through this whole thing. I also have a secret head mole and feel self conscious about it. You look beautiful.
You are amazing Bec. Had me mum watch this episode with me today.  She said you are beautiful with or without hair. 💚🙌🏻✨🙏🏻
Looking good 👍🏼
Name the wig Lee because she was such a friend.
Hi Eamon and Bec! I usually never comment on any social media (ever!). But as you are proving so elegantly, there is a first time for everything. Obviously the first time writing a comment under a Youtube video is much less significant and completely different from all of the firsts you are experiencing. I just wanted to let you know that I am in complete awe of the way that go about this entire journey. Honestly, I’m in awe of the way that you two seem to go about life. Some qualities that I admire most in people are  courage, optimism, humor and keeping it absolutely real!! It’s insane how well you document this journey of yours. I have the utmost respect for the way that you, Bec, have the ability to vocalize what you are feeling, whether it’s gratitude, uncertainty, fear or self-love. And my respect goes out to you, Eamon, because there is no way in the world to compare your journey to that of Bec’s, but that does not meant that it’s any less difficult. You are the human embodiment of true and selfless support. I watch your videos in awe, and I can only hope that both of you come out of this stronger, healthier and more in love with life (and each other) than you were before. Thank you for including us in your journey. I can only hope that my first ever Youtube comment adds somewhat of a tiny bit of joy. Even if it only is to see that ‘thousands’ of people are supporting you!
Get well soon
i just wented to tell you Bec you look amezing you are so strong continue being strong you and Eamon will get through this you will survive this and you will get through this stronger just know you have a lot of fans praying that you get beter.
Wow! You had me crying with you. Bringing back memories of when my son lost his beautiful long hair. I think this has got to be one of the hardest parts of going through chemo.  You look amazing without hair…not everyone can pull that of. And btw, if your mole bothers you, a dermatologist can easily remove it. I just had a big one on my cheek removed. Didn’t even hurt. Can’t even tell it was ever there. Sending healing vibes to you and Eamon. 💗
Gosh I love both of you so much 😍
Bec, You are beautiful from the top of your cute bald head to the depths of your soul. Everyone should be so blessed to have an Eamon in their lives. He is just the sweetest.  Praying strength and healing for you.  Much love.
Much Love , beautiful soul 💗💗💗
From that thubnail I thougth that's some kind of hot pop star. I might be biased because I'm into short hair, but you do look beautiful with shaved head X)
If anyone can pull off any hairstyle it’s going to be Bec! Beautiful inside and out lady, sending all my love from Niagara💚🌱
You like amazing.
Bec you are amazing and so strong. I am so incredibly proud of how brave you are and that your are so willing to share your journey with us all. When you said you were wearing Lee's sweater it made me so happy for you and I can only imagine she would've been the first one volunteering to shave your head! Eamon you too are just such an impressively strong human and the love and support you show. keep fighting!!
You are gorgeous inside and out!!!!  Your support unit is wonderful!
5.3 K comments! Wow! You have so many people around the world including me that send you so much Love and Support your way. I cried with you and laughed with you and I’m sending you and Eamon so much encouragement.
Lots of love and hugs and prayers always!!!! To you both!
💙💙💙💙💙
Congrats on 1M! Just don't start talking like Eleven from Stranger Things. IKR
Bec you look awesome! More of like Anne Hathaway, Charlize Theron, Nikita(lead), like a model who is ready for the fashion week... Very Chic! Ur simply enviable, everything looks good and fits well in you! Super love it!
You have such a beautiful face you still look beautiful without hair. I'm not just saying that!
You are beautiful! My aunt and Grammy both had breast cancer. They both were bald and I never thought even as a kid they were anything other than beautiful. It was who they were to me growing up that was really the most special thing. They both lived many happy years. Cancer didn't win! Love y'all!
dont even have the words just admiring you so much Bec! You look stunning! sending so much love and hugs your way!
Such an emotional video,  I have such a great respect for you guys. Bec you look amazing with and without hair, you have a gorgeous face. And Eamon you look the best with that wig👍. Love and support for you guys It is a hell of a yourney But you can do it 💪
this made me cry. if anyone can do it its you!!! WE LOVE YOU
Bec seriously I thought you couldn't top it off after the Bob ( cuuutie) but with the bold your eyes look massively beautiful. What a blessing to have a dude like Eamon in your life,he never disappoints on putting a smile on your face. Don't let this stop you, youve  got this ☺️👊
Thanks for sharing this vulnerable journey with us. I cried and laughed with you. Bec, you are such a shining beautiful person... all the hairstyles look so good on you! I am sure this entire journey is not easy for Eamon neither but he is such an amazing partner to you (am sure you are the same to him!). The energy between the two of you is lovely to witness. big hug and lots of light from the Swiss Alps!
So sexy!! Omg hotter than GI Jane. I love you Bec
Thank you for being so transparent and sharing your journey with all of us. You are beautiful. Your true beauty comes from within. Your spirit is loving and sensitive. That being said, you have also been gifted with a beautiful countenance that radiates beauty with or without hair. Eamon your constant love and support touches my heart. This has to be so very hard for you to watch your buddy go through this. Lee is with you. 💛
Hi Eamon and sexy lady. Keep it real.
Omg you just look gorgeous for real
You both have got this💪💕
YOU are beautiful inside and out!  With long hair, short hair or no hair! Your inner beauty and strength radiates all around you! I will keep you in my prayers.
You’re gorgeous Bec.   You’re spirit is so beautiful that it radiates to your outside.  Thank you so much for sharing your journey!   Eamon you are so awesome and love that you are her number one cheerleader.   Y’all are the best.
Praying Jesus healing for you and that you feel His Peace and Shalom in this trial.
“A woman who cuts her hair is about to change her life.”- CoCo Chanel  I wholeheartedly agree with Eamon that you look so beautiful with a bald head. You literally have the perfect head shape for it and look like a model. I also loved the short bob on you as well. I am happy you are filming the ups and downs of your journey and it seems that you are embarking on a deeper self love journey through this process. You will come out on the other side better for it. I wish you & Eamon health and many blessings to come during and on the other side of this journey. ❤️❤️❤️
First…love the transparency and honesty! Off topic…does that precious pup have the same name as your first foster pup..OSO❤️❤️❤️ I hope he’s found his forever home with y’all. He truly is a gift…especially through this tough time!Hugs and love sent your way!
So beautiful both of you I’m crying happy tears for you ❤️🌺💕
You look beautiful and strong!
🙏❤️
Gosh, the bangs, bob, and shaved head ALL look so good, seriously. You just have the most amazing vibe to pull off any hairstyle! It is your aura that radiates and I swear, it all looks SO cute.
Your so lucky to have a dog, they are such supportive creatures. Even if they don’t know i!
You literally look absolutely amazing Bec! And the amount of support you have from Eamon is amazing!
Absolutely amazing!!! Bec is freaking gorgeous! This has by far been my favorite video, how incredibly strong to be sharing this journey with strangers but I got so much from this video and thank you so much for allowing people inside your world. Love you guys!
Thank you for showing such vulnerability with all of us! You have always been so inspiring and such a ray of light. Your positivity through the hard times and good times reminds me to that we get that choice everyday to be happy and be kind. I loved how you kept checking in on Eamon even when you were crying, it’s just so evident how selfless and loving you are. It was also so beautiful to see how gentle and sweet Eamon has been and seeing how he loves you so well! Thank you both for sharing your life and your love with all of us to learn and grow from <3
Oh my gad beccc 😍😍😍 Wait you are so beautiful ❤️❤️❤️ And seriously I'm not just saying that  Remember your hair is just a hair and it doesn't make you another person you are the same amazing person as before and you're beautiful with the hair or without it ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you have stayed so strong through this process, thank y’all so much for bringing us through this journey. Love y’all Eamon and Bec!
💜💜💜 you display so much love for each other it’s so wonderful💜💜💜
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Your beauty goes so so far beyond hair and at the same time I'm so proud of you for allowing yourself to feel all the feels about this. Much love ♥️
When you take wig off keep it on the mannequin head so the hair won't tangle. You have to pull shampoo through the hair you cannot scrunch it up like your normal the hair will tangle up. You need a wig brush and stocking caps. It protects the hair up under the wig.
<3
Bec your amazing not that eamon isn’t but I cry along with you I’ve watched you for so long since you were living mobile and it feels like friends are going though this I love you both and stay strong bec you look beautiful and your wig is amazing ❤️
"You can't wait until life isn't hard anymore before you decide to be happy,"  Nightbird from America’s Got Talent. Watch her video if you haven’t.
girl, you look awesome! you seriously look like such a badass, i love it. honestly, you have such a beautiful face that you could pull anything off!
You look amazing! edgy top model vibes.
Just a reminder how lucky you still are.  My girlfriend was diagnosed around the holidays and died the 18 of February, from a nasty untreatable cancer.  It can always be worse.
Thank you  for your  honesty, you  are both so inspirational ❤
I hope you guys are both doing well today, this was such an amazing video and am wishing you both the best!! Lots of love from Ontario🥰
Just love you guys. You both show so much stength and the real power of love.  Get well soon Bec and keep up both. We are all with you. Not just a million but even more.
❤️
My heart broke watching Bec break down 🥺 you’re an amazing strong woman Bec! You’re not any less of yourself without your hair. And like Eamon says, it’ll grow back. ❤️ Take this time to play around with different hair styles, hair colours and just overall different aesthetics. 🥰
It is so incredible how you both share all this with us. Bec, the earrings you wear after the haircut are beautiful. You are beautiful and I am happy that you laugh together and have as many sunshine days as possible. You are both very brave and we all are with you with our hearts. by the way, it is very cute how the mouth from your dog watered before eating 18:05
I’m crying with you every time when you cry 🥺❤️ You look so beautiful Bec ❤️❤️❤️
Intimate hair loss for the win !!
Sending you so much hugs and love! You look amazing what ever way you have your hair.
Eamon’s support is absolutely remarkable! Bec, you are so blessed to have someone like him by your side! Thinking of you both!
My Mom had cancer and she lost all her and grow some of it back but the cancer got the best of her and now she's in heaven watching over me and my brother and sister I miss her so much but I know she in a better place
Nature made very few perfect heads. On all the rest, she put hair.
Bec, my heart broke for you when you were showering and started singing Sunshine on a Cloudy Day. The pot with "hair" was such a special gift as well. You are so far from alone and there are so many of us feeling and praying for you. I know we appreciate you sharing such an intimate and heartfelt journey with us. Thank you <3.
My wife and I are praying for you both.
Sending positive Brooklyn, NYC blessings to you. Stay strong, Bec. YOU R BEAUTIFUL, GIRL. And you will beat this with your family and awesome doctors with you all the way, but most importantly, with the power of Eamon's love and support forever by your side.
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are amazing and so inspirational to anyone going through the same treatment.  God bless you both and sending all my love and prayers from Glasgow. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
You look freaking great. Wow!
Was hoping eamon took the buzzer to his own head when bec was breaking down
Eamon should shave his head too!  👨‍🦲
That hey Baldie caught her by surprise. She wasn't ready for that just yet.
Bec, you look beautiful and continued prayers for you both. Love and hugs from Texas.
My oldest daughter had breast cancer last year. They first told her she didn't have to have chemo. Then she did. She is doing fine now. So keep fighting and keep your spirit up! I'm praying for you!
Your freckles are kisses from 😇 angels.
You R Beautiful Bec!  You R strong 💪🏽  You R inspiring  You R lovely 🥰  You R gorgeous  🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 I am praying for you, sending love 💕
❤️🌺
Wiggins
I am simply in awe of your strength and beauty, as a Cancer slayer, as a caregiver and supporter, as humans and as a couple. Inspiring. Kindness is a super power and with it we can ALL be someone’s hero! ❤️
I love you both. You are the most beautiful couple. Blessings to you ❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations on 1 million subs! You guys deserve all the accolades for sharing your powerful love story and journey with the world!
My husband sat down and held me while I got emotional watching Bec go through the hair-shaving process. It was so hard to watch her struggle but I think everyone can appreciate the vulnerability. You guys have such an incredible bond. Don't forget this is just the effect of the medicine and that those shitty little cancer cells are getting their asses kicked! Hang in there, Bec.
Sending positive vibes from the UK! You are rocking the new look, you are beautiful inside and out! Keep that beautiful smile on your face!  Eamon is certainly your rock and your followers are right there with you every step of the way! 🥰🥰
Big thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Loved the short & the bald look. 💛🤩 You guys have been so strong and brave!! Stay strong💛
Not everyone can rock short hair but you do!   I  Love it a lot.  Short hair doesn't do it for me but you look Fantastic!
🫂🫂😊
This was better then a James Bond movie.  So happy for the final outcome.
You look beautiful Bec, you are a beautiful soul, and your hair does not define you.  You are going to smash this xxx
Your hair was very pretty but it isn't what makes you beautiful.  Your heart makes you beautiful. ❤❤ Sending you love and wishing you continued peace and strength on your journey.
Bec your hair was beautiful but it’s your sprint, and kind sole that’s your biggest feature. You rock the new look. Take care xx
🌼🌅💗🌅🌼
You look absolutely gorgeous. I hate the circumstances that have led to you shaving your hair but it’s genuinely inspiring me to do the same. I’ve always wanted to simply to lose that attachment but there’s always been a fear behind it. Thank you for being an inspiration.
Bec your gorgeous with or without hair, what a beautiful woman you are, and to have the love of a good man by your side.  Take care and get well soon.
You look awesome!!!
Becca you are beautiful and brave tears are good. You are not your hair. I didn't video my journey with chemotherapy but I know you don't believe in God but His Son died for us and without Him I'd be lost I'm still very sick but He gets me through each day I'm praying for you hun 🙏 ❤ 💕.  Take care of your mental health as well. God bless
I remember loosing all my hair including my 8” beard, I even lost my eyelashes
You are the perfect duo. I just know in my heart everything will be ok in the long run of things, I'm so sorry your both having to go through such a traumatic experience,  we love you!
The good news is it’s going to grow back when you beat this.  Because you are going to beat it!!!
Bec is beautiful inside and out, with hair and without. Thank you for sharing this journey 💗
Bec telling us we’re beautiful inside and out. NO Bec, YOU are beautiful inside and out. someone’s beauty shining through from the inside has never been more apparent than in this video. You radiate strength and beauty and you are a warrior! From long hair to short hair to no hair your beauty has and always will be shining so bright because it’s your soul that we are in awe of. ❤️   Honorable mentions : Eamon is an amazing partner. Oso is cute as always. Those head wraps looks bad ass. loved your first makeup tutorial ;)
I realize that I can’t say much more than what others have already said, but I can add my own spin. Bec you are such a HOTTIE, no matter what hair, or no hair you have. Own it gorgeous, you are beautiful inside and out!
You are so beautiful, Bec.  Having no hair, actually accentuates how pretty your face is!  And PS. your short bob was awesome.  Made you look like a French girl!  Good luck!
Oh Bec!❤️ … this was a hard one, I cried so bad with you😭 but also laughing with you and Eamon😘 please please know I send all my love to both of you! ❤️❤️
Eamon rocking out in the wig is easily the funniest thing I’ve seen in months 😂
So cool you are a beaitiful strong woman 💞❤🥰💪👍
I just wanted to say you have great courage and I have prayers for you and Edmond. I wanted to say that Kinging It, Amy, she has a whole bunch of wigs and she named her wigs.  I think she had cancer also so if you need support you can talk to her.  I know you guys are great friends.  Love you guys Amy Anderson❤️🤗s
You look absolutely beautiful!!! ❤️
Waw you are so brave to share all this to the public. . You are still beautiful Bec because beauty comes from the heart <3 All the best to you both
Bec you are so gorgeous with every hairstyle you’ve tried and you look stunning bald!! It’s so incredible watching you both support one another through this 💕 Thinking of you often and continuously sending all the positive healing vibes your way!
And it will be fun you guys grow back hair together !
you guys are amazing. Bec, you're so so strong.
Bec, you are a grand beauty!  And in the words of Craig (kinging-it) Eamon you are a absolute legend!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm sorry, Bec...I remember it, and it was so hard.  But Eamon, you gotta shave it, too.  It really helps.
Love how you're finding ways to document your journey to share with us. That can't be easy, but you do it with love, compassion, vulnerability and a few laughs thrown in. What a great way to live life!
You look amazing girl😊
With or without hair you look stunning!  Your such a beautiful soul!  Your such a warrior. You go girl and you look great bald!  Aimee needs to help you need the wigs
Much love to you Bec!  We are crying & laughing along with you.  You are beautiful—with and without hair.
I think every woman needs a Eamon! He is the best most supportive loving man. Bec you are one lucky lady.  Bec you are beautiful with and without hair. (I love how on the same day both Kara and Nate and you guys cut your hair. I am sorry they did not gut up to see you)
💖You look amazing!  I’m not just saying that.  You really do look beautiful sans hair.  Love you guys
Bless you sweetheart, you look so very beautiful 💕 xxx
I did had the last two hours crying laughing . We love the close up bec because you're even more beautiful up close ! 😘❤️🤯😁🖤
Heartached for you when you were shaving it but you look great! Prayers and thoughts for your healing journey! ❤️❤️❤️
Love you guys! Bec you are so incredibly Strong and your mindset throughout this journey so far is very inspiring. All my love 🥰
Thank you for being vulnerable and allowing us to walk with you through this! We are here for you  <3
You look like those badass women who cut their hair because they feel like it and then walk like warriors. Plus you're just beautiful with and without hair so that helps.
You're incredibly strong and beautiful! Sending love to you both :)
Love you Bec ❤️ you are so strong 💪🏻 pray for you love from Julie Denmark 🇩🇰
ooh hunny.. U GOT THIS!! ROCK THIS!❤❤ Being bald during cancer is the most beautiful part of this nightmare..doesn't feel it in the moment..but does it not bring 7s to our true bare inner warrior self an shows the true battle of this fight!!!!.... u are beautiful an welcome to the warrior club we fan beat anything girl... ❤❤👑
Hi I love you for doing this you’re beautiful this will help other woman Who are going through the same thing I love your strength but if you need to cry you need to scream you need to let it out go for it you’ll feel much better and your buddy is so sweet God bless him and God bless you keep strong I’m there with you in spirit I’ll pray for you
We have been watching you from the beginning, and we loved your van life travels and your cabin remodel.  I have to say that your current ‘travels’ thru chemotherapy have been very special.  I went through breast cancer 23 years ago, and I am feeling with you as your journey continues.  You are doing an incredible job showing the stages of your hair loss.  Even though you understand that you are beautiful regardless, it’s still one of the most tangible parts of the chemo journey.  You are telling the story so beautifully and honestly, never descending into ‘click bait.’  Thank you for sharing the story for both of you!
❤️❤️❤️ Thank you for sharing. Another incredible video, another incredible story. Words can’t express. You’re both full of beauty.
Bec, when Eamon shaved your head, you looked like a badass action movie star!  Ya know, cancer is scary and it can literally shake our foundations.  But you’re beating this.  You’ve already won every time you laugh or find beauty in the face of that adversity.  And the power of the Love that you and Eamon share is beautiful.  Kick it’s ass, you bombshell beauty.  Oh, and buy wigs in every style and color!  It’s a fun opportunity to play.  You can be a different character every day! 🥰
Still sending you lots of prayers Bec! You are sooo incredibly strong and brave!! You’re truly a beautiful person inside and out!! Thinking of both you and Eamon. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm new and I already love you guys! you're so real and empowering, I've cried and laughed! Hugs from Argentina
bald definitely suits u bec. gonna be honest it doesn’t suit some people they don’t have like the head shape but u definitely do! you are so beautiful:)
You two are amazing human beings 🧡 I’m truly in awe of your love, vulnerability, strength and keeping a sense of humor. This will be just a story in years to come.
You are absolutely beautiful, Bec!!  ❤
Seriously, you Rock Bec!!!!  Great video!!! Can find enough words to express how your love shines thru…. ❤️🌟
A close family member went through this same journey. I under estimated the emotional impact the hair loss had on her. So my heart goes out to you for your courage and strength. Wishing you a speedy recovery ❤️x
Sending you both lots of love 💕
Looking gorgeous lovely lady! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You look cute
Bald suits you best.. and bald heads are no longer associated with being sick, the most gorgeous models are bald. The shape of a woman's shoulders, neck and head present the beauty of a woman. That bob was fantastic... with the angles. You are blessed with a beautiful shaped head!! You are gonna be alright, Bec <3 Eamon... what a great partner you are! <3 The thoughtful energy you both have is going to see you through <3
Bec you are literally one the hottest most badass women I’ve ever seen! I think you are so brave not because your going through this incredibly hard thing with so much grace but because you have always had the courage to live your life to the fullest. That’s brave as shit! What a legend!
Bless you both my prayers are with you but you won't need them because you WILL ABSOLUTELY GET THROUGH THIS🙏💗🌎🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Eamon is the best man he is amazing. So happy you have each other
Way to go Bec! That was a real journey and you came out on top. Keep up the good work!
I wish I could take your fear, pain, sadness, insecurities away! You are so brave. You are a warrior princess! You have a wonderful partner, family and friends around you! You got this! 🙏❤️💪
Bec you are beautiful in so many ways, your appearance is a small part of your beauty.
Praying for you two.  You look beautiful Bec!  Love y’all
Beauty comes from within and you, Bec, are beyond beautiful both within and on the outside. Your beauty shines throughout all of you in every shape and form and we are so thankful to be able to watch you and Eamon show the beautiful person that you are 💕
I just found your channel but dude you look gorgeous with a shaved head. Gi Jane! Lol I've been wanting to shave my head for a while so kinda jealous. ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
I know how you feel about the hair. I don't have cancer. But I have Lupus I started losing hair in my 20's. It grow back for little bit while I was in remission. Then again I came out of remission I developed lesions and lost my hair. Now my hair is cut low but I still have spots with missing hair on my scalp. You are beautiful I'm praying for you
Beck, you look like “eleven” from stranger things. She is the most powerful character on tv that I have seen in years.  Your strength emits from you, the power that you are carrying everyday with get you through this!.
❤️❤️
I think I speak for everyone that watches your channel in the words of Richard Marx" wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you. whatever it takes, or how my heart breaks , I will be right here waiting for you" Rebecca you are one of the few that can actually Rock short or no hair and I'm on eamon's side on this one you look super cute I have followed you guys for 5 plus years when you guys were building out the very first van ... I love your Channel its my favorite of all of the channels. ,and , you losing your hair doesn't change a thing in fact it's quite endearing how about vulnerable you are we all love you and will be here waiting ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🤙😎
Bald girls are beautiful. 🌺 Rock that headwrap!
bec you’re absolutely gorgeous!! & i promise you look great bald. thank you for sharing these vulnerable moments with us. youre amazing & so so inspiring.
You're both so strong and beautiful!!
Guys I being fallowing for so long today I 😭 soooo much everytime Bec starting cry. Be strong girl you are so blessed to have Eamon he sooo caring, sweet and supporting. Keep you in my prayers God bless you🙌🙏🙏
Love and continued prayers for your recovery. Bec.. doing a great job!
Get away from the electronic stuff!
💔❤‍🩹❤
I love how you stopped to ask Eamon if he was okay. Such a beautiful partnership and Bec seriously you look freaking gorg. You have a face to pull off any look! Wishing you all the best. Keep fighting strong
Bec you are rocking that bald head. You are beautiful anyway. You are also so brave. It can't be easy to share your journey. You are an inspiration to me! Much love! ❤💯
Bec you look so incredible bald. I’m not just saying that. Like you look so cool and unique and beautiful. Lucky Eamon to be in love with so many different versions of you and I hope you fall in love with this version of you 💕
Bec you are beautiful and killing it! Keep fighting, you’re inspirational as fck 💜💜
You look amazing bald❤️ not everyone can pull it off but you can!!! You ARE BEAUTIFUL!!❤️❤️
The beauty of your love shines brighter than the shadow of the cancer… your strength shows even with your tears …you are awesome as well as beautiful.. both of you.. sending healing energy your way 💋💝💐
You are beautiful you were you no matter what you’ll always be amazing And loving
Praying so for you. Y’all rock.
Bec, no matter if you have hair or not.....You are so beautiful inside and out ❤️ Eamon such an amazing partner! Keep Strong! ❤️ Sending lots of love! ❤️
You really do look gorgeous! We’re all crying and praying with you, you’re one of the strongest people I’ve ever seen! “This too, shall pass”💜
You are BEAUTIFUL
You both strong take care of you both. Praying for you guys. Make the most of life and love while you have it. We are here for a certain time. Hope u guys acknowledge your creator, get to know him.
yalls strength and determination are such an inspiration and im really thankful you guys are sharing it with us. Bec, you look absolutely stunning bald! combining your hair for a wig is a beautiful idea and really shows how much of a team yall are though this. healing thoughts and lots of love to you both 🤟🏻
You are so beautiful, outside and inside. As Eamon said “you don’t need hair for love” !
Sending both of you love and prayers
you are so strong beck, im so inspired by you, i love you.
When my best friend started losing her hair from chemo I remember she cried so much. She was so attached to her hair, it was like losing a huge chunk of herself. The day she shaved it I surprised her by shaving my head too, I don’t think I’d ever seen her light up the way she did when she realized what I did.   You’re beautiful Beck, with or without hair. Don’t forget that.
Always beautiful Bec. No matter what. Sending love and strength.
You are sooo beautiful sending hugs and love
Suck a lemon drop before eating to help aste
My prayers 🙏🌹😘
You have the most beautifully shaped head (yes, that's a weird statement), and I really truly like the shaved look :]  You look stunning.  Sending both of you love, positive vibes, and prayers <3.
I am so very proud of you both. All my love and prayers are with you both. Ireland 🇮🇪
Bec, you are so beautiful with long hair, short hair and bald. Your beautiful self and energy shines through with all styles because all styles are you 💕💕 sending you so much love and positivity 😘😘 xxxx
you both are so strong and positive and Bec  you’re more beautiful now than ever. You’re making such a positive change in the world and i can’t do anything but admire you two. Stay strong beautiful girl (and Eamon) and congratulations on 1M 💗
Bec you look beautiful!!!! We love you!!!!
Your head shape is fabulous!  Model cover in your future. You know, it is good luck to rub a bald head.  Looking good Bec
You are strong and beautiful- and an inspiration for all of us.  Thank you
Bec, you really do look beautiful with your head shaved. ❤️
I cried for you! 😪I ve always had long hair but like you say its part of the journey. God bless you Thank you for sharing your journey.Take a look at Snead O Connor singing nothing compares to u video beautiful  song  and she looks stunning with a shaved head xx🇬🇧
You two are incredible and Bec you look amazing!!
You are gorgeous and beautiful. I went through surgery and I lost 75 percent of the density of my hair and my alopecia flared up and I had bald spots and just yesterday I curled my hair and it burnt right off for the first time. And I watched this and cried and related so much. Thank you for making me feel beautiful and have hope. I DO NEED TO ASK !!!! Where are those caps hair wraps from because I need one of every style lol so cute ?!???? 💕
Bec I cried right along with you!! You are beautiful.  My thoughts and prayers are with you and Eamon through this journey.🥰🙏
Super jealous of how gorgeous you look with no hair! You guys are just fabulous and wish you all the best on this journey.
I had to share this episode with one of my best friends as she is going through the same thing right now. Thank you for being so transparent & honest Bec. 💖
Bec…I don’t know how it feels to go through what you are facing first hand. But you are doing this in front of everyone…you are so incredibly brave and unbelievably strong to share your story. I feel as if I am there with y’all. Please stay strong. You have a community that is rallying behind you. You might not see us…but you can feel the love we send you.
Love you Bec sending you positive energy your guys way always
What a superb and honest video,  BBB- Bald Bec is Beautiful,  thanks for sharing your journey  xx
Eamon totally looked like Dave Grohl with that dark wig 😳😀👍  Lots of love from Finland to you both!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I've been watching you guys since 2020 and during that time my parents were getting a divorce, as well as, it was my senior year of high school. It was so rough for me because I felt like my family was drifting apart and my depression had gotten worst. But watching you guys made me stronger and look at life a whole different way. You guys gave me the strength to get moving forward and to just keep smiling when times get tough. For that, I will always be thankful. P.s. I'm going to start traveling now because of you guys.
Go Bec!  You are awesome.
Becks I understand why you were upset at losing your hair, but you are a very beautiful young lady with or without hair, This is coming from a guy that loves long hair on girls, you look incredible, Eamon is a great supporter and he looks after you so well, I love the fact that you are sharing this journey with us, This is what makes you so special. So please don't get upset about your hair, just accept it and know that you are loved by thousands of people
You're strong Bec and lucky to have Eamon to support you,, as a cancer survivor myself during the highest of the pandemic there is nothing like family and friends support its gives you so much courage to face the difficult times, wish you all the best ...
omg Bec...I AM IN AWE..that isn't something that happens often to me.  I'm so doggoned proud of you, a strong, brilliant Canadian gal...from another Canadian gal, ROCK ON GIRL!!!!
Sue here, yes you are Beautiful, praying for you Sweetheart.,
Beautiful, brave and courageous.
Go Bec! You rocking it girl.. so proud of you..such an inspiration.. and Eamon you are Bec's Rock.. Together you are too beautiful..  love, light and laughter always.. cleansing tears are good too. ✨💖✨.
Becs you'll probably not see this little message. But just wanted to say can you not get any prettier seriously girl. Your actually more beautiful bald. Your just one of them girls who can dress in bin bag an look good. Now your sporting  the new 2022 hair style an again smashed it out the park 👍 👌 xxx
Oh dear Bec! It is just unbelievable how strong and courage you are. Embrace your present and look up to a bright future where you will be looking back at yourself in awe. You are powerful and beautiful ❤️ And btw, I've been following you and Eymen for quite a while now and I can barely notice your have no hair. You know why? Cuz your beautiful smile and eyes full of life is always catching my attention. (Believe me I m not just saying, I truly mean it)  And cheers to Eymen! Your love for Bec is just so real and deep. ❤️
Big love xx❤
That dog grew up with cats.  There just wasn't enough room. My thing is Polycythemia. Not the same thing but treated the same way. Thank you for sharing your life with us.
I understand.  And I'm so sorry you are going through this.  You are so brave, and so strong.  And this is your journey.  Do it in the way that is best for you.  I love so much when you light up and you say "I look good bald!"  You most definitely do.  You've got this.
Babushka
Thank you for sharing your story guys. I am so very moved by your journey. I send my love to you both. ❤❤
⚘🥇
We all love you so much bec 💜💜🤟🏼🤟🏼🤟🏼
It's funny, what you said, while you were putting your wig: do you think it looks like me ? ... It is you still, same person, same personality, same amazing personality. Love Chris ❣️
I want to recommend the spiritual teacher Eckhart Tolle, you might find what he says helpful. Stay strong and take care.
Your strength to share your journey is amazing. Hair does not define you. Sending healing positivity from Scotland x
Wow your inspiring 😜 you do rock the shaved hair. Thanks for your rawness and realness. And good on you Eamon, a great partner you are. You make me realise that the mindset that we choose and allowing ourselves to go through the journey, acceptance through love makes us only stronger. You are encouraging people along the way, thank you. Lee would be so proud.
Sending you so much love and positivity Bec💜
Bec you are so pretty!
🙏❤️☀️😊💐🌈☃️🌈☮️🎁I love you guys😉❤️❤️❤️❤️
You two are truly inspirational, true angels 💫
You look soooo good with the shaved head. G.I. Jane vibes 💛
You are so beautiful!! With or without the hair!❤️ You are so strong shearing you journey! And Eamon is such a Supportive husband both of you deserve a medal❣️❤️👏🏽
Bec, you are gorgeousssss 💜 So proud of you!  Thanks for being so vulnerable and sharing your journey with all of us. You got this queen! ✨
Bec you are beautiful, I was crying right with you. You allowed us to see such raw moments that you didn't have to share with us but I wanted to say thank you for that. I'm with Eamon, you look fantastic bald.  Eamon you're amazing at supporting Bec. Understandable this can be tough on you at times. We're always here for you if you need to unload to the camera ❤️
G.I. Bec... Total hottie!!!!
You look amazing!!!! ❤❤
You look beautiful 😍
You are amazing and look so beautiful sending all my love xxxx❤️💕
Your are such a beautiful woman! Your soul shines through your eyes
You guysss are amazing and super inspiring love you both 💕💕💕💕 wish you both health and love and prosperity
I think I had the same emotions right along with you. Of course not as strong as you are but cried when you cried. You are so brave and so strong. I think your hair phases did not take away from your beauty in any way internal or external. You rock every one of the styles. Keep strong. You are loved.
I pray the Goddess blesses you with all the love and healing energy the Green World holds!!!  You are one of the most positive people I have ever known and you have this beat!!  You're a badass, strong, intuitive woman, and you are helping so many and don't even know it!!!        🖤🖤🖤.  Love you guys!!! ♥️
Bec you are so brave. I'm honoured that you want us all to be a part of your emotional journey. Stay strong.
Bec you are so strong, I’m here crying and rejoicing right along side you! You are a wonderful human and may you be blessed in all you do!❤️
You are beautiful Bec 💓 & Eamon is  such a strong person!!  You guys are beautiful people.
❤
Also you are such an inspiration to women everywhere! Your strength is unreal 🥰
This was a tough one to watch... you are such an amazing couple, Eamon is such a sweet and compassionate partner! You are so lucky to have him and so many others in your corner!  My mom had breast cancer at a young age (35) and so many emotions came back watching this and remember watching my mom go through this.  But after a few rounds of chemo and radiation and 13 yrs in remission she has come out on top.  You will too!!!! Much love ❤️
Congratulations on the million subscribers little travel bean's and a million hugs to you both xxx you are so beautiful bald Bec stay strong ♥️
You are both so strong! Keep going! You are doing amazing
I love you both!! You both are in my prayers!!! Beck you are BEAUTIFUL!! Eamon you're so good to Beck, I live how much you love ❤️ I know it's hard to stay strong, but your doing a great job. ❤️🙏
Bad Ass
I have a similar mole on the same spot, it makes me insecure as well. However, it makes us who we are and we are so awesome!
Love your bravery in sharing this hard journey.    You are an amazing couple and love your true partnership.   Off topic question. …has Oso become a foster fail?   I think he should be a permanent member of you channel and family
You look great!! No matter what hairstyle/wig you have/don’t have. We also have a girl with no hair, she’s 6 months. Most of it I may or may not have accidentally rubbed out with hair bows 😂
There u go it doesn't matter what they think ! Ur amazing inside and out bless u both lots of prayers appreciate y'all 🙏
The hair is not who we are or does not make us someone we are not.  The joy of life is in the smile we give others.  Happy Trails to you both and enjoy each day.
She looks like Halsey looks freaking cool bald
sending love Bec!
Eamon you are so good to her ❤️  an you both are so beautiful on the inside and out
You are bald and you are beautiful. Eamon is beautiful too (in a man to man sort of way).
You are truly gorgeous no matter what's on your head or nothing on your head! Your spirit will certainly beat those cancer cells to a pulp and you will emerge cancer free able to enjoy life fully.
Beauty comes from within you and you are overflowing with beauty!! You got this and with Eamon by your side your gonna beat cancers ass!!  He is a gem, his love for you and his humor will get you through this.  You  are strong and you have all of us sending good & positive vibes to you.  Thanks for sharing your journey you are so inspiring ❣❣
When Bec cries I cry.  I miss your fun laugh.  I can’t wait till this is over for you guys and we get to see and hear Bec laugh often.
Hey guys you are both amazing and Bec’s I agree with Emon you are beautiful you soot every style and will a good Man by your side you are going to be just perfect everything in this life is for a season and your hair will be back before you know it sending love and hugs to you both xxx
You look absolutely stunning with all styles. True beauty radiates. Stay strong guys. Much love
You've got this🙂
You are beautiful and so strong. Sending blessings🦋
Your beautiful bec and very strong ,brave so proud of you . 🥰
Beck, I’m 65 and still have my high school long hair. It’s so freaking horrible how we put too much of our identity into our hair. I cried with you all through this video, but I must admit I’ve fantasized about shaving my head. I just know I’d never have the absolutely adorable head shape you have. You look amazing and beautiful, and no, I’m not just saying that. You’re a strong and amazing woman. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Yore hear is amazing 🥰
You look so beautiful in head scarves! 😍
Beautiful
You look amazing! Thank you for sharing your journey with us ❤️❤️❤️
Thankyou for sharing your journey through this unbelievably hard time, your so brave and inspirational
Sending lovelovelove
Bec, you are an amazing, brave, strong, beautiful lady - you got this 🤗. Eamon, I am amazed at how supportive and encouraging, and caring you are to Bec. You are a beautiful  couple. I also love that you call each other "Buddy", because that is exactly what you are to each other -You always have each other's backs💕. Stay strong, both of you. God bless you, Eamon and Bec.
❤❤❤
I pray these verses can fill you with hope, love, peace and strength. Know that the God who created you loves you so much and longs for you to come to him to find real love, peace, joy, hope, strength and eternal life.   Psalm 139: 13-14 For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother's womb. I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful, I know that full well.  1 John 4:9-10 This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. This is love: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins.  Romans 5:8 But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.  John 3:16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.  Psalm 86:15 But you, Lord, are a compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness.  Philippians 4:6  Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God.  1 Peter 5:6-7 Humble yourselves, therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time. Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.  Isaiah 41:10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Oh Bec you are so beautiful with hair, without, or with a wig. It really doesn’t matter because you have a light about you that shines through no matter what’s on your head!
If lee were there she would be holding you hand each step of the way eamon is really going above and beyoned to show that he loves you no matter what
Wow, your hair loss was so traumatic. I couldn’t wait to shave mine off after the second infusion. It was such an adventure.  It grows back. Trust me. The only thing that still drives me nuts is my eyelashes. They grow in, they fall out, they grow in, they fall out. Also, eyebrows. Bald isn’t so bad but bald without eyebrows is kinda tough. If I had to do it over, I would have gotten microblading before the first infusion. Anyway, it will be over soon. Chemo goes faster than you think.
You are just a shining light hair or no hair!!!! ❤️
You guys are amazing and Bec, wow you look stunning without hair, I didn't think you could get any cuter after the bob, but i was wrong, you have such an amazing personality and it shines through your eyes and your smile and no hair just ehances that fact a million percent.   You're doing great and all the feels are important as your journey carries forward, never feel ashamed for shedding tears, its just your bodies way of healing your hurts.   Both of you are so inspiring, I thank you for sharing... :)
Bec  I have went through every emotion with you watching this vlog. I watched my mom go through her hair journey it brings back alot of memories  🥰 and way to go on a million! You did build a rad place on the internet  because you are both rad  people  ❤
Wow you look amazing with the short hair.  Get well soon
You are beautiful bec. Sending love!
I started watching you when you were still traveling and van-living, through cabin remodel, then more travel, now this "real life" stuff.  Keep it strong, both of you.
You look amazing girl keep the great and positive energy 😘
@16:35 why the cone of shame?
It's worth waiting for 7 days to watch my favourite girl every Sunday. Loads of love Bec, you radiate so much love, positivity and energy.  Sunshine <3
💙💜💙💜
You are beautiful with or without hair!!!!
❤️🙏🏻❤️
i cried so many times throughout this video 💕 my heart & positive thoughts are with you both Eamon & Bec. I already knew you’d have amazing support around you during this time Bec but it truly warms my heart seeing just how much unconditional love & support you have with you every day 💕 so beautiful! thinking of you both always x love from New Zealand
Bec, you are beautiful  to the eye, but most importantly you are beautiful to the HEART.   The two of you are so special together.  How BLESSED you both are to have each other.  My Love to both of you from N.W. Iowa.
Oh Bec, beauty is skin deep not hair deep. You don’t need hair to be beautiful xx
Beauttyy always sending my french love 😘
You look amazing, Bec.  How blessed you are to have such an awesome partner and cheerleader by your side!
Bec you are beautiful!  Inside and out!  I am a hairdresser and have shaved the heads of so many of my clients and friends due to breast cancer.  I always go to their house to do it  because it is a very emotional time.  So glad you had Eamon to do that for you.  You are rocking it beautiful girl!  Many thoughts, prayers, positive vibes and love to you both!!!
"you don't need hair for love" And my tears just let loose. Thank you, for those simple but most beautiful words.
I think Bec should go ahead and get her nose pierced now. Then she would look super punk rock. 😉
I just want to say y’all are amazing. I found you last year and have loved following your adventures. Bec, you are strong, beautiful, and one of the kindest humans. I lost my grandmother to multiple myeloma 10 years ago this May, so I know you’ll kick breast cancers ass. I knit, and one of my favorite local dyers has a yarn that I picked up called f*ck cancer and is breast cancer awareness colors. I’d love to make it a hat for you if you’d like. Just let me know, and remember, as your amazing Kinging It (thank you for sharing them❤️❤️❤️) friends say: Rule your own world. Lots of love from the Rockies in CO!
You are absolutely beautiful. The courage and strength you have shines through! And I feel honored to be apart of your journey! It it’s truly inspiring. 💕  stay strong we are all here with you 🤍🤍🤍
You guys are just incredible!! Thanks for sharing this. I know so many are sending light and love your way, myself included.  But, by you sharing this, you are sending way more back. Keep the faith, Keep Sharing, Keep Living!
Man, cried through that whole video with you. You are beautiful, hair or no!
Love you guys.
where you live is so beautiful, you have a beautiful little family and life... i know shit is hard. but we all love and care for you.!!!!!!!
Punk rock beautiful Bec ✌🙏
What a Blessing to have Eamon by your side💕 When I started treatment for RA they gave me drug's used for cancer 30 yrs ago. The doc. Said I could lose all my hair 😢 At night I would brush my hair and have a large ball of hair bigger than à soft ball but smaller than a basketball but I never lost it all. 💕
It’s crazy to see people like you guys because if I had to do this I would never find the happiness. Even though this is a hard time you both find something to laugh about and to be happy about. I always though that Bec was sooooo beautiful because you had such a pretty face. Even with no hair you still look like a beautiful model. Your hair does not make you, your love for people, your personality, and your amazing self makes you. And shout out to Eamon because he is being so supportive to Bec. Whatever happens to both of you just remember that you have each other and that you have your family, friends, and us! Love you both!❤️
Your courage and strength will help others. Your hair will grow back healthier and more beautiful than before. STAY STRONG!!
Prayers are sending to u
When you were shaving your head and just sat on the floor I started crying because I just felt your pain. I’ve not gone through anything like that but I have been like that. When my grandma died I did the same thing and just fell apart. You are so strong and beautiful and I hope you continue to do well
The way you are so positive when you see yourself makes me so happy
This video made me cry. I could feel your emotions through the screen. You are amazing and brave for showing every color of emotion during this process. Stay strong so many people are rooting for you. You do look so beautiful with a bald head!
Bec, you so rock a shaved head! 🧡💛💜💙💚. You have the most awesome home to rest and recover, and a wonderful doggie to snuggle with too 🥰 Eamon, that planter with the glasses is the cutest!!! I also love the shelves added over the headboard, with all the plants
Bec. Looks gorgeous with long hair. Looks gorgeous with a bob. Looks gorgeous bold. Looks gorgeous wearing cap. Looks gorgeous wearing a wig.
I went thru cancer back in 2010 and I had the same reaction that you had and it is normal to cry let it all out but I never had a Eamon in my corner but I love the love you both have and you will get thru this keep the faith and all the best ❤️ from Germany with love
You are a beautiful woman, inside and out!
Is it bizarre that I’m thinking maybe you could make bird nests or something with the hair? I know, I’m weird - but hey, I’m vegan so it goes with the territory. 😉
So proud of both of you 💖
This was so beautiful to watch. I actually think it brings up a hugely important subject on how women are only perceived as being ‘beautiful’ or ‘feminine’ with long bouncy hair. This narrative needs to change, and whilst it’s for a shit reason that you’ve lost your hair, I hope all women and men see the beauty in every stage of your hair loss journey, because I sure did! ❤️
I cried most of this video, it brought back memories of mine 2018,. Aemon is fantastic support!, And you look stunning with your new look , well done,. Doing awesome, very proud you should be 🙏❤️☕
Love you guys so much <3
Bec, you are the most adorable bald woman I’ve ever seen. Seriously. Also, I think you should name your wig “Harriet” ☺️
It was hard seeing you so upset Bec. Thank you for sharing these intimate  and raw bits of your lives. It makes us feel closer to you. You are both incredible people and your outlooks on life inspire many to improve thier own outlooks. You are both doing so well. Sending love and hugs
I've been watching your journey for so many years now and I just love how much support and love you have ❤🫂 I wish you both the best and healing your way!
sending so much love, light and strength. Both of you I love you and how strong you are.
As always I cried with you and laughed as well. #mypeople #youarebeautiful
Wow! Bec! You look so posh with your head shaved!  So absolutely beautiful! I love you! And Eamon! I have huge ears that stick straight out. I would look so silly with no hair. You look beautiful! You don’t even need your hair. You are jaw dropping and beautiful in sweat pants, no makeup,  no hair. It draws attention to your pretty eyes  and your perfect clear healthy skin. I’m so sorry you have to go threw this. You are fortunate to be able to afford a nice wig. I like the brown wave on that one. On the other hand. It is not fair. You two are such good people. You are so strong and I am so proud of how well you are doing this. You are inspiring. It is okay to cry it doesn’t make you weak it is god to just GET IT ALL OUT.  You have got this you are going to grab life by the balls and make it your Bitch! Just like you always do!
Thank you so much for sharing this deeply personal journey with us. You are beautiful. You are loved.
💕
Recommendation.. look up tutorials on wigs. There are so many ways to make baby hairs and to thin the hairline out an to create a realistic part... if that's what you wanted
Bec!! Your vulnerability is so endearing! What incredible transparency for those going through this struggle, to see all the real parts of it. You have a BEAUTIFUL head shape and are totally rocking the bald!!
Why is Oso wearing protective collar around he head?  Has he had surgery?  I must have missed something in one of your videos.......
sending so much love your way. you’re so beautiful bec & rock any look! I cried every step of the way with you ❤️❤️ keep it up
This video made me laugh , cry and more laughing thank you for sharing your journey I appreciate it. Bec can pull off literally anything especially when she smiles. Love you both!!!
love that
I love how endearing your husband/boyfriend is towards you (just found your channel not to long ago so I don’t know a lot about your life)  I also appreciate the nicknames you have for each other, you guys have such a unique romance/love for each other ❤️my husband and I also have nicknames for each other. It makes our experiences with our spouses more intimate and real.  I can tell he takes care of you 💕praying for you ❤️
I love it! You look gorgeous.
You look so good ❤️ strong af girl!  Inspiring
Stay strong Bec, never be ashamed. You did not choice this journey but you are traveling it very well. One day you will look back and think; shit what a ride.
You look great regardless. Stay strong....
Wishing you the best 💕
You are BEAUTIFUL with AND without hair! Your strength is so so empowering and as always I'm supporting you both through this journey ☺️🌟
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are amazing, beautiful, and strong  🦋 been following you for a long time. Love ❤️
You don’t need hair for love I love that! Once I shaved all my hair off it was cool cause I was brave.And so are you!
Why was it not donated?
i. remember my daughter was the one too shave my head and started with 1 side. it was crazy but i ended up loving the shaved side and no more falling out.  I know that was the worst grabbing the big chunks but it comes back pretty fast and you will have this fuzzy head that is super soft and then short hair you will love. won't need wig much. you look beautiful
You look amazing! X
Ur strength and positivity is sooo insane I'm so glad u have all of us and all of ur amazing family to help u threw this time u are so strong bec and will just get stronger praying for u everyday
Sinead O’Connor has nothing on you! Beauty inside and out.
Call the wig Rebecc-hair!!
Bec you better rock that shaved/bald head girl! You do look beautiful! I didn't wear a wig or a scarf. You're a warrior girl! Your scalp will be really sensitive but once the complete fallout happens that will be over. I feel your anxiety around the fact that people will know you're sick now but your action/reaction will determine theirs. You got this! Positive vibes! 💗
I cried. I smiled. I prayed. You are a strong brave woman with a man and a God who loves you
Don't ever apologize or feel badly about being sad about losing your hair. I've been there and the hair is part of a bigger picture of loss and I understand it. Mine was coming out in clumps after the first few treatments and I love to cook and was terrified I was going to drop hair into the food. It is a journey and it will grow back but be prepared for chemo curls!! Thanks for sharing such a raw, authentic journey. Sending prayers your way. Keep surviving.
Name suggestion: Bebe (pronounced Baybay. Bec, you you AMAZING!
💛
You look like Katie Homes... and we all know how cute she is!!!   You look amazing and sophisticated bawled....
You are so beautiful ❤️
you really are amazing Bec! and really glad to see Eamon with you all the way #LoveGoals
Hi there I've been watching you both for a while and Bec you are one amazing lady you will get over this fight with the Big C.
I love that you let yourself feel whatever you're feeling - you give yourself space to be sad... but you always choose joy in the end. #belikebec
You actually look stunning Bec. Good on ya girl. Go get em. xx
Literally all cancer aside,  She rocks every hairstyle, hair or no hair.  What a rockstar BUDDY :)
Sending you lots of love, Bec! I think about you often and wonder how you're doing. My 4 year daughter watches your videos with me and today after you shaved your head she goes...'Mommy, she is so beautiful!' XOXOXO
Courage de France,  vous êtes très belle
It’s ok to cry and mourn for your hair❤️ lots of hugs lots of appreciation of you and your positivity. Even when it’s so hard. You are a beautiful soul. And so gorgeous with out your hair wow. Have a beautiful blessed day. Love your relationship strong together 💪👍🏼😘❤️❤️❤️
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗✊✊✊✊✊✊✊
Eamon, you are an amazing human!  There are no words to tell you how wonderful you are!  Bec, you are brave and strong and amazing!
I understand you
i felt so bad for you when you were crying but it looks really good no matter what. And youre cancer shows you're true colers and thats what makes you special
I just watched Kara and Nate's video this week.  I hope they can get to you soon.  I'm sure you're surrounded by love ones and beautiful people, but it never hurts to have a couple more.  Love from Calgary!!
Bec you are beautiful.  And that sun salutation plank a few days out from chemo, you are a badass.  Love to you both, from Kansas. ❤
Bec is so beautiful. So strong. All my love and prayers.
You are beautiful no matter what! You are so stronger keep pushing through! Sending all my love to you both ❤️
OK just FYI you are them most beautiful woman I have ever met and I have all ways been insecure about my hair I have never been able to grow hair and you are so inspiring and I love you and your videos!!  ☀️☀️☀️☀️
Wow that Bob is stunning! You so suit that cut!! Sending you all the love and huge Welsh Cwtches ( hugs) to say we love you Hunny and - you got this!! I’ve never seen anyone stronger than you ! Eamon as back up is awesome as he’s unreal as a supporter!!
so strong. thank you for taking us on your journey guys.  and i'm not sure if i'm the only one, but her asking him if he's okay after he finished literally broke my heart. her awareness of his emotions and wellbeing, while she is going through such a tumultuous time, is admirable.
Be strong hair is just a thing you can get back. It won't change how great you are your strong and will get through it all.. reality is this may get worse but you will get through it  reach out for all the help you need people will step up to help
i know the bad part of you shaving your head is the reason why you do it, but so many girls do it for fun, to try new things and experiment, and many actresses have done it for their roles too and they all looked amazing, just like you💕💕 It looks really cool, plus, you won’t have to shave for a little while and you’ll get to try every hairstyle haha. And also I confirm that the wig you have looks super real
WE LOVE YOU SOOOOOO MUCH!!! STAY STRONG!!!!!!! 💜 I send energy to the universe for you all the time!
Bravo! Best episode ever. Every emotion experienced as a viewrer. You two are an inspiration. Eamon, what a sweet, strong man you are. And Bec, you are one of the most beautiful people ever (inside and out). You will be amazing parents! Oso, you're a lucky dog. I love you guys (Oso included).
Bec, you continue to amaze me with your unending strength and resolve. I admire your willingness to show true emotions as you go through your journey, the good, bad, and the ugly of your journey.   Eamon, Bec is sooooo fortunate to have you in her corner. I can’t think of a better partner for this battle. You two make an amazing team.   Love, hugs, and prayers to you both. 💕🤗🙏
My mother and I  have gone through it, all will work out. You look beautiful witb or without hair because you are beautiful on the inside. All the best
You rock this better than Sinead O'Connor ever did
You look beautiful as always Bec. I can only pray for you and Eamon. Stay strong guys!!! Love you guys always!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
First off, congrats on a million subscribers! It is so well deserved, and I've loved every moment shared through the years! I never comment (I'm shy!), but I just had to say how much seeing your positivity and vulnerability means to me. 💖 Bec - you really touched me this week sharing your truth with the physical changes you're going through and how it makes you feel. Mascara making you feel alive really resonates as I'm struggling with progressing kidney disease while awaiting surgery to fix it, and I've felt so ashamed of the severe dark eye circles, pale skin and thinning hair lately. A little makeup reminds me I'm human on hard days! Your positivity is so infectious and just the reminder I needed today. I'll continue to send up prayers for you and just know you and Eamon both will come through this stronger on the other side. 🙌 I just know Lee is watching over you right now 💖  P.S. you totally pull of the bald head girl! 💁
I was hoping you guys would post today I've been going through a lot and i love seeing your positive attitudes
Bec, you are one gorgeous freaking lady!!! How amazing is it that you can literally pull off all hair styles!!!?? Long, bob, side half shaved head, front style little mohawk, completely bald, little peach fuzz. You two are seriously the sweetest people I've ever met and it's crazy just how close I feel to you both even never having met either of you. I appreciate you both for your videos and allowing us to be a part of your lives and every journey you guys go through! 🥰 much love to you rad people!
Yep, taking a shower after getting a short haircut is the best
Babe you're gorgeous in and out. Sorry it's been a tough run but you'll be through it before you know it. Sending you tons of love!
You look amazing!! Brave is a fabulous colour on you 🥰!!
This is the third comment I'm leaving on this video but I also have to say I work as a horse riding instructor and a few years ago I had a girl who can cancer and she had to wear a wig and she was very nervous because it's a very hot and she was planning to stop wearing it. I had shown my support because I cut my hair also very very short just like hers, and we both had very short hair and we were both rocking it, I'm still wearing mine and I'm loving it
Bec I cry every time you cry.  You are amazing and you are gorgeous with or without hair.  I’m so glad you have Eamon, and you are in my heart every day.  I will continue to send my love into the universe for you. ♥️
i have no words . love you Bec and Eamon
You are an amazing couple. God Bless you both!!! 🙏🏻❤️😘
I've been watching your channel for quite a long time and had pegged you two as fun loving, adventurous, kinda frivolous people.  I have a new respect for you both and I cried along with Bec as she lost hair but also so admire Eamon for his love and support.  You are both awesome and thank you for documenting this tough journey, I'm sure you are helping others with your humour and depth.
Bec you are so amazing and you look beautiful, always!
Go Bec! You look beautiful! Go Eamon…fantastic support!
Eamon you are such a gentleman so sweet and brave, we are all supporting you as well 👍🏻
The wig just has to be “Becky,” Becky with the good hair from Beyoncé but with lots of positive connotations lol 💕 ❤️  Also, I propose when Bec goes onto the hair growing journey, I propose she and Eamon have twin  hair cut, at least for a day or so. Lol
Bec, you are a beautiful woman - no matter how long, how short or nothing - the person you are inside that we all see, hear and have grown to love that's who you are sweetie.  You are beautiful outside also but it's the you that shines through the outside we all love and care about and I know Eamon feels that way - I've seen his love shine through before but nothing like it's shining now.   Always,  the two of you, remember that - that's true forever no one can take your place LOVE!!!!     ♥♥♥♥🤗🤗🤗🤗🐕‍🦺🙏🙏🙏🙏      - mla
I don't normally comment on YouTube videos. But I started watching you both a little while back because of Kara and Nate. I have to say you both are amazing, kind, and beautiful people. I know this journey is hard to share but thank you. Seeing your raw thoughts are something that many should value. I cried a bit during this video, but I believe that the love and support you have not only for each other but the world around will make you both come out of this stronger. Keep believing in the good, you got this Bec.
You look stunning no matter what.❤️ Your hair will grow back and be even more beautiful and healthy! I send you love and hugs.
Beautiful beyond words
you look BAD A$$ with a bald head!!
MOLLY THE WIG. IT'S GORGEOUS
OMG! YOU GUYS ARE SO BRAVE!  Eamon, you are role for showing men how to love and care for their woman!  You guys are in my prayers🙏🏽
Bec I wanted to tell you… my Jamaican gramma used to tell me that moles were kisses from your passed loved ones as you entered the world…❤️
Bec, you look GORGEOUS!!! Beautiful with and without hair. 💜 praying for you and your journey!!!
Besides your radiant inner beauty, you are blessed with a beautifully shaped head, great bone structure,  beautiful eyes, and great eyebrows. You rock a shaved head, own it!  I have always had thin, fragile hair and I wish I could carry off a shaved head as well as you do.  I was expecting Eamon to pull a Smith from SATC.
You are amazing, brave and honest Bec, power to you for showing your journey ... And Eamon is so supportive. You both make me cry and smile at the same time. XX
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you are a beautiful soul
You two are both beautiful inside and out!!! You rock the baldness Bec!!!
It’s okay to not be okay ❤️
I’m fighting depression, not cancer. But I see you fighting Bec, and you inspire me to keep fighting too.  Eamon, your love and tender caring for Bec is so beautiful to witness.  So grateful to both of you for sharing your journey.
I have to agree with Eamon. You look good with a bald head. Not everyone can pull that look off and you are one that is able to pull it off. Bless you for sharing what you are going through with the world.
Ahh Bec, I felt your pain with your hair loss 😢I love Emons support of you & your ❤️‍🩹for each other. I pray 🙏🏽 for you and I am sending God’s peace , comfort and blessings your way from 🇺🇸 to 🇨🇦🍁💕🙋🏽‍♀️
Bec you look so beatiful. You are a strong woman and Eamon is so supporting and loving. ❤❤❤🥰🥰🥰
Thank you for posting this most intimate journey with us. Praying for you 🙏
Always thinking of you both in between uploads 💜 sending you so so so much love, all that I can possibly send! Bec you look absolutely flipping stunning, and you are so incredibly strong. Keep on going, you’re both amazing xxx
Congratulations on the milestone
So proud of you and Eamon!
Aw Bec, you look great no matter what. It is crazy the amount of importance we attach to our hair and let it define our beauty. You are on a healing and spiritual journey and I am glad to share it with you and send out healing vibes from here.
Bec you are beautiful with and without hair !  You are so strong and brave an inspiration to everyone who is struggling with health issues.  Eamon you are strong and brave too .  It is hard to be the strong one all the time but you are doing a wonderful job of being there to support Bec .  Sending you both love and positive thoughts 💕.
You look beautiful Bec. I had breast cancer 19 years ago when I was 42 and I was never more beautiful in my life. Every photo had an aura every picture had a smile. The day I found out my hair was falling out I saw a little curly hairs in the tub 😎. The next day three of my five sisters got together to shave my head. I was fine till my sister Joanie took the razor to her own head.. then my sister Susie did the same. ❤️❤️❤️🙏. You'll never feel so much love coming at you as this time in your life.. God bless ❤️
Damn, you're cute! You got this! And a big hug to Eamon, too. It's a journey for you both. So happy that you've got each other!
With the felt hat it looks very much like your old self. You look beautiful bald but I’m glad you have a way of feeling like your old self when you want a sense of normalcy
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
Hey Bec, you are gorgeous in every style you have! love you guys a lot! Kisses from the Netherlands.
Just so incredible. So honored to be taken on this journey with you both. You really are helping to normalize something that affects so many. Though there is zero pressure to keep up with these updates, I hope you know how valuable each one of these videos is. Love how you are honoring the highs and the lows and the in between. Just such an honest and meaningful expression of both your humanity and grace! ❤️  PS - every hairstyle/headstyle truly has been BEAUTIFUL!
Just wanted to thank you for being the bald beautiful inspiration you are! Eamon is truly your pillar of support! Love and positive vibes always❤️
All the love Eamon and Bec this video is so strong you are amazing💗
I love you. I just have so much love for you all. I think about you legit every single day and hope you are well. You're so amazingly beautiful, and you have such a nice head. You've always had such a beautiful face, but wow! I love how stunning your beautiful features are so highlighted now! You have such a delightful, sweet face. I love you and will always keep you and your family in my heart. Baby, you're the best and you are kicking so much ass! I hope you are proud of yourself because we all are! 💚
Oh sweet Bec. You are such a strong beautiful woman. Please know you have all of our prayers and healing thoughts. We love you and are with you.
You rock a bald head 👍
It really looks good on you Bec <3
I love you very much guys ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you look stunning! Your hair does not define your beauty, you are beautiful inside and out. 💛
Bec, You're gorgeous! Without hair, with hair, it doesn't matter!  Although Eamon is providing tremendous levels of support because he is a great partner, he is speaking the truth! Please remember you define you.  Don't let others do it, don't let your physical appearance do it.  You're beautiful, because you're you.
Sending so much love and you still look beautiful. You are rocking it! You look like a bad ass chickaa!!! Sending much health, strength and love
Love you guys! Keep chugging! Bec could you rock some dark lipstick with your beautiful bald head🥰🥰🥰. You are bald and you are beautiful 🥰🥰
You are so amazing , turning this hard moment to a new power. Love you. Will keep sending good energy ✨🤍
You two have inspired us for years in all that you do. You counting to do that with every video. Can’t imagine what you are both going through right now. Just know that you have all the love and support that your fantastic community can give x
Crying and laughing during this video fills my heart. Sending positive vibes and love your way. Girl you look absolutely gorgeous and thank you Eamon for being such a rockstar partner for her, a true gem in this world. ❤️
Bec you look so cool bald!! That bob looked great too. You can literally pull off any style! I’m excited to see how your custom wig with your own + Eamon’s hair looks—what a cool concept!  When I was in high school, my grandma was diagnosed with lymphoma and lost her hair from chemo. Right after her first round of chemo, before her immune system was completely shot, we went on a trip to Europe because she said she didn’t want to have to vacuum up all of her hair at home 😂. After she left her mark via shedded hair all over the continent, I ended up shaving her head in a hotel in London. Her hair came back really quickly once she was done with treatment and it came back thick and curly, which she’d always wanted but never had before chemo!  Lots of love to both of you!! ❤️
You look so beautiful  with your hair shaved sweetie, my heart is crying for what you go through but you are so loved and that is a beautiful thing to witness!  Sending you all the healing energy, you will come out on the other side stronger and even more beautiful!
You both are AMAZING!!! Beautiful inside and out💕🌺
Your beautiful and your hair didn’t define you at all. Well done for being brave and showing us all your journey. Biggest of hugs 💜❤️🌹💜❤️🌹💜❤️💋🌹💜❤️
Bec, YOU.ARE.STUNNING!! Your strength and willingness to share this journey with us…NO WORDS. Lotsa love and hugs comin at you guys all the way from Texas. 💗
Just want give you guys hugs.♥️ You both are two beautiful souls.✨
I’m not just saying this to make bec feel better, but I actually really do think you look great with all the hairstyles you tried including the “bald” one and that’s not the same for everyone. Also, if it makes you feel any better, I have a big mole on my head too! Lol! And instead of crying about things, I say to laugh about  things. Also things that make you cry, are usually just another chance to laugh. This opens up so many doors and I think you should walk through all of them and experience all of them. Love you guys and stay strong bec, we all believe in you 💪💪💪 ❤️❤️❤️
We love you Bec , hair or no hair you look beautiful girl ❣️🌸
Bec, you are beautiful. Long hair, short hair, shaved head. Always beautiful! We love you!
You look soooooo beautiful with shaved hair 👌 really! You has such a beautiful face 😍 Love you, Bec 🤗🤗🤗
You guys are amazing 💜💯🙏🏾
I never thought watching someone lose their hair would have me so emotional, but I was crying right along with you, Bec. Both of y’all are so strong and beautiful and I admire you for being so transparent with your YouTube family. Y’all continue to be such an inspiration. So much love for you two ❤
My best friend was diagnosed with cancer at the same time as you. Thank you for documenting this, and showing her that she isn’t alone. ❤️
You are amazing! You're so brave and so strong, I love your honesty and vulnerability and your willingness to share all of it. You've got this and you'll overcome this! We're all cheering you on!! Beautiful with or without hair to!
i think you look hot as fuck. like a badass swedish assassin.
Just wear big earrings 😁
Bec, you naturally have a a beautiful face & head…. This doesn’t impede on your ‘gorgeousness’ in any way 💕 (Eamon, red suits you, & be sure to also take care of yourself in between taking care of Bec 🧡 )
You are the most beautiful women I have ever seen truly from the inside out. YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION TO MILLIONS :)
The power of vulnerability right here. Sending you lots of love from Australia 🇦🇺
No worrries Bec. You are so beautifull inside and outside. With hair and without
We love you both!!  Thank you for sharing your journey Bec. ❤️💕
That Bob loooks so insanely good ! Definitely something to look forward to. So did the long hair, but the Bob and the bald are so edgy and I feel like experimenting is gonna be soo joyous
Bec, you are so beautiful and hair has nothing to do with it! It’s hard to watch you suffer so much, you have everyone’s support. Love from South Wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
You are such a beautiful person Bec and you have the support of a beautiful partner.  My thoughts are with you both throughout this journey. xxx
Bec you know what - you are annoyingly one of those people who just look amazing no matter what hairstyle you have! At this point (haven't finished watching) you are grieving what you have lost - especially when your hair was so important to you as it is to most of us girls - but once you see just how your beautiful brown eyes are now highlighted, you will agree with me (and many many others I am sure) that you look amazing! Keep going both of you. By the way how amazing are you both to be sharing such intimate moments through this tough time. Praying for you and sending big big love your way 💝
Bec & Eamon, you are so strong. And Bec? That mole is sexy. Love you guys!
Thanks for your bravery, love you both
Your strength is so inspiring, Bec.  I think you should name the wig Gabriella, meaning brave, strong. You've got this 💪 🙏 💕
Just wanna say Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰
Oh my gosh you look great with no hair... I mean you have a great shaped head.
Even us "low maintenance" beauty people have our security blankets, whether it's hair,  beard, or clothing style. It's hard to lose the safety of those things.  I also completely understand not wanting to be identified as "sick".  I have some chronic pain issues and hate going out when I am visibly struggling to move.   You are a stunning woman inside and out no matter what hairstyle, but I am happy to see you gave yourself space to grieve a little. Glad you have Eamon as your cheerleader and hairdresser!
Eamon's comment, "you don't need hair for love" So true! He loves your heart. ❤️❤️
How strong you are! You could have taken a hiatus, and no one would blame you for that. But instead you actively chose to share this with us. I hope it helps someone else going through something hard. And may we all learn about supporting our partners from Eamon's example. Sending love & light 💛
You are beautiful Bec!
You look like Eleven from stranger things with the shaved head!! You two have similar facial features. Looks amazing, shaved heads on women are very "in" right now 🥰
Sorry, just one more comment! You have such a pretty face, no one cares if you're bald. And a nice shaped head! I have a coffee bean head!
Yes our hair is our personality, feeling as you might be feeling. Mine was falling when my husband had a heart problem and I became 😟 anxious. Your courageous personality facing this challenge  is wonderful. Your courage facing it all is wonderful, keep it up. Not easy it is, but only you can bring faith from inside and we pray for all to flow and free you from this challenge🥰❤️💕🙏 even more courageous sharing this hard moment for you, but yes you look beautiful ...it comes from inside with beautiful shining smile 😊....believe it...it is a true fact🥰💫
you are so beautiful Becc, your openness and honesty is sooooo empowering .  You are in my thoughts xo
You are doing well Beck keep it on, and you Amon you are doing such a great job Iove you guys!
Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful... Beautiful Bec 😍
I lost it and bawled crying when Emon gave her the plant and the pot. 😭😭😭😭  My mom just beat stage 3 cancer and she lives with me so I witness and supported her throughout her battle. This is so close to my heart.
Bec. You looked so gorgeous with your long hair as well as your short hair now. I don’t think anything would change your gorgeous you Bec. Hang in there and lived life to its fullest. There are beautiful paths ahead of you Bec. It is okay to feel emotional right now. You are in the best care from your doctors to your specialists. They are all great. I include everyone in the world in my prayers daily👍🏽🙏🏽😀
You look amazing as always bec,and so does Eamon.🤗
Bec, you glow with so much beauty and strength. I’m in tears, praying for both you and Eamon. Thank you for showing us what leading a life with positivity and mindfulness is like, you are such an inspiration!!!
sending you guys strenght and long bath times! But think of all the gorgeous scarfs and hats you can now rock! And the amazing detachment therapy you are giving to yourself regarding your hair. <3
Thank you for bringing me on this journey with you. Your strength and vulnerability is an inspiration.  I liked the baseball cap with hair. It's funny how some things don't look good to ourselves but look wonderful to others. My heart is with you.
Funny story about losing hair " down there" my mom went through chemo but she was a bigger woman and couldn't see " down there" very good. So she called for me from her room and said to me. I know this is an odd request  but I can't stop thinking if I'm losing hair " down there" too... so I took a look for her and I'm like yep mom it's gone down there too... she says good I'm really tired now I can sleep it was driving me nuts lol
You are proof that bald is beautiful!  In my thoughts and prayers!
Your so brave and beautiful push through the pain and let nobody stop u!!!❤️❤️
You are strong you are a survivor and not a victim 🙏♥️ never ever give up
Seriously!!! Eamon is so awesome with everything. So sooo patient and cute and perfect to you!
All my prayers to you to from sweden <3
There truly are two kinds of beauty, one comes straight from the heart, you Bec have both and an amazing courage to share your journey complete with its emotional ups and downs.Loosing your hair didnt remove either. My thoughts and hopes are with you. Might I also wish Eamon well as I know this is hard on him too, been there myself. Love and a belief in yourself are magical ingredients. Best wishes 🇬🇧💖
Eamon is right: it IS only hair and you DO look gorgeous bald.
Bec is beautiful, let's be honest half of the 1M are here just for the Bec shots. I hope someone (Bob maybe) is looking after Eamon as this must be difficult for him also. Ye are doing great, keep it up.
I can see this video helping many who are going through chemo.  Bec beautiful as always and I love the love you two share.  It’s inspiring
bec you are so stong. you look amazing!!
❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Bec, i have to say you look good with a bald hair and short hair as well. Really really good.
Sending so many hugs 🫂are so beautiful! So much love to you guys 💗
When your hair comes back it will be beautiful and curly.  Soon you won’t have to shave your legs and underarms.  After each treatment rest rest and rest to get your strength back.  I’m so sorry you are going through it.
I have been so blessed to have find your Channel years ago. You both inspire me so much. I love love love the two of you as if you were friends of mine. I have laughed and cried watching you and your your family and friends. Sending much love from Delaware 🥰 ps you are freaking gorgeous Bec!!!!!!!
You're so beautiful. Rock the bald look!!!
I loved being bald during my breast cancer treatment. I went through treatment  during the winter and finished in the spring. I went to get my old man head shaved after treatment and felt to liberated being bald. It’s a personal journey with hair and your will find your comfort, but please remember you are beautiful. -7 year survivor Stage 3C ER+ IDC
I have been watching you for 2 or 3 years and I would like to say she is so strıng and she is my idol for 2-3 years in this relationship, what happens to her is awful to cope with but she looks like she handles it so well which I admire a lot everyday and as a follower of you guys I really wanted to say I support you two from my heart genuienly. I wish we could do sth for her to just to even cheer up. Also your haircut looks so cool, you look like strong female icon to me. Hope you will get over this as soon as possible. Go girllll you gonna get over thiss 💪🏻💪🏻♥️♥️
You really are gorgeous, with our without hair!  Eamon is so supportive.
Do you still have your chi tea company? Hang in there Bec! You'll be a survivor soon!!! Loved all the do's:)
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. And Eamon, you made me cry several times during this video with your love and devotion to Bec. You are such a wonderful partner and you are both so lucky to have each other. Wishing you both all the love and light during this difficult time.
YOU HAVE THE KINDEST HUSBAND AND YOU ARE STILL BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT KEEP STRONG❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending all my love and support to y’all.
Sending hugs and prayers to you both!!
You got this ! It looks amazing ! You are so inspiring ! Lots of love
And if this is not relationship goals idk wat is
Bald & Beautiful Bec 💓
There's no way for Bec not to look adorable.  Maybe she and Eamon should watch some movies featuring bad ass women with shaved heads like Charlize Theron in "Mad Max".  I think it's a look! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm so proud of you bec. you have such a good attitude about your situation right now. Stay strong!      PS. you look awesome bald!
Prayers be with you bek and you got one hell of a man beside you love you videos
im pretty sure all of this happens for a reason,you inspire and empower every one whos watching this not just cancer patients, your soul is like no one else ur smile out shines everything u r just beautiful in every shape and form!!!!
Sending love and light to you beautiful people xxx
Bec the short hair is so adorable on you but shaving it off - you look absolutely stunning - classy 🥰 But honestly no matter what you do on the outside your beauty radiates every part of your being from the inside out 💋💋💋 Much love to all of you, kisses to Oso
We Love you Guys, From Kitchener! Almost every day I get asked if you've posted anything new about your Journey. We're waiting to hear, and keep up with you!  So sad that Kara and Nate couldn't make it to you also. Thanks for keeping us up to date. We wish you all the best EVERY DAY! Now we wait to see when Craig and Aimee post next si we can keep up with everyone!   We love you guys, from Southern Ontario!
I think you look absolutely gorgeous with out your hair. Hair doesn't defined a person its what you do and who you inspire with your story. You are a very brave person who is an inspiration to everyone xx
You'r so powerfull. Thanx for sharing your journey. Sending love from France
I'm jealous of the shape of your head and that you can pull off short/bald hair so well! I have such an odd shaped head with a flat spot on top (that I'm convinced was from being dropped on my head :D) You are truly beautiful and it's such a great look for you and the love and support you get from Eamon is so encouraging to watch! Praying for you! xo
Sending you lots of good vibes! You got this❤️✌🏻😘
I feel so much for you.   It is ok for all these feelings. Eamon you are so supportive. Prayers for you both
❤️
You are beautiful no matter what. It's your personality and soul that's the most beautiful. And now you can be a spy with thons of this beautiful looks! Love you ❤️
Thank you for sharing this, my dearest friend went through a  grieving process for her vibrant red hair, "her identity" and she felt so guilty about it... perhaps you sharing your journey will help others work through by knowing it is a normal emotional process and they are not alone.  I know you have stated that you are not a believer in Jesus but I am, so please know I have lifted you up in prayer to the ultimate healer. ❤
Bec you are so beautiful hair or no hair! 😚💗
Gorgeous! ❤️
ONE MILL HECK YAAAAAAAAAA Our world needs your impact! Thank you!!!!! Sending you loooooooooove all the dang time!!!!!!!!!!
Bec you are such a brave strong beautiful woman. You are always saying you love us but now you have a million person community who loves you and is praying for you. You are the sum of what you carry in your heart and soul not what you look like or wear. You too Eamon, the support superhero. In the end I thought you were going to pull off your beanie and sport a bald head. Just do it! Prayers and love 💕
You are so beautiful Bec.
All Moroccans are wishing you to get better soon. Stay strong.
Bec, you are amazing.  You have such a wonderful inner beauty and light that is visible your words, action and outer self.  Thank you for sharing such an intimate and personal experience with everyone, even the hard days.  No one can understand what is is like unless they have had that journey themselves.  You are so strong!  Your genuine beauty even shines brighter now.
Bec you look great! Stay strong!
Bec, you were stunning with the bob, but...you have such a fine and beautiful face that really shines through without any hair. Thinking of you, you are amazing!
Hey Eamon and Bec! I really hope you know you are not alone. I have a friend going through something similar and they love your channel. AND you look AMAZING bald! I hope you feel better soon and I hope this doesn’t last that long.
GIRL STAY STRONG and GUYS ALL THE BEST
Own it the don’t own you I don’t have cancer I cut my hair I love being bald freedom lol you are beautiful with hair or without hair 🌷keeping you in my prayers 👑😍❤️❤️✨
Eamon, Bec, I've been following you since a couple of years now. You're a great, strong couple and I wanted to share some love to both of you! Bec, you're very very beautiful in every hair style you tried on this journey! You're strong and courageous, an example! I have faith that you will heal from this situation! I always had the thought of donating my hair to make a wig out of it and I'm really gonna be doing it this time!
Stopping at 22:00 to comment… Bec, your strength lies, in part, in your willingness to share your most vulnerable moments in this journey. Tears don’t represent weakness. They are a valid component in the grieving process, as we come to terms with a struggle, release the stress, reset and soldier onward. Keep up the fight! Praying for your treatment and recovery.
The love you two have for each other is amazing. I hope to find it one day. You are both so beautiful. <3
Dudes: There's lots of attention for Bec, but how the hell is Eamon holding up.?  The SO's and the helpers always are forgotten but they have feelings too, right? Right!? Feeling for you Eamon. You're rocking the support and encouragement but I see you too.  *THC/CBD is all natural and will kill that nausea so fast.
God love you so much and we is just a hair keep positive
Bec you are truly amazing! Sending lots if healing love your way! Eamon a shout out to you also for being absolute pillar of support you can really see how much you love bec!
Sending you my love and support ❤️
Call it Julia❤
Eamon.....you rock buddy!!!!   You really, REALLY make such a difference!!  And you rock that wig! 😁 Bec, honey.......YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!!!  So happy that you realized that!!!  Love you both.  Sending happy vibes!!!!
You are beautiful ❤️
You are SO BEAUTIFUL both inside and out Bec! I am inspired by you and your courage. Sending you all the love, hugs, and good energy. Keep on keeping on, you are doing great ❤️
Bec, you are my hero. God Bless.
I can't find the words so I'll try to find the ones in my heart. Thank you for sharing this vulnerable journey with us here on the Tubes. My heart is with you and I think/pray/send good vibes often throughout my week. Not only are you beautifully stunning Bec visually, but your spirit shines so brightly. <3 (My partner and I went through this journey 5 yrs ago and I just have to say that the support person needs to find a place as well to be cared for. Eamon I hope you are also seeing a therapist too)
You are so strong Bec! Love you from Spain💜
I won't unsub until you fight the cancer.
Your can rock any look! You are an inspiration to all! Keep going 💪
Luv you both!  Stay strong.
Love, love, love. Many hugs and kisses. You are beautiful inside and outside.
U look absolutely gorgeous babe! Ur hair doesn’t define u! 🥰
You guys are amazing. And you look ridiculously good bald!! 👍👍 so stylish! x
Hello, Natalie Wood!
YOUR Gorgeous!
Can I just say that Eamon is the best partner you could ever wish for. When your hair regrows, keep it in a short bob, it really suits you. My best friend went through the same (and everyone only cared about her and certainly not about her hair), it started regrowing soon after chemo finished, and she enjoyed experimenting with different hairstyles from short and funky, through mid-length and sassy, until her hair was long again, and stronger and shinier than before, a year later. In the meantime on cold days you can try out different snazzy bandanas, jazzy earrings and wigs if you must. And some cancers are just hormonal and genetic bad luck, but your healthy diet, exercise, fresh air, spirit and outlook are what is going to get you through this in the best possible way. May your recovery be swift. Take care.
The crazy plant lady in me LOVES the plant gift idea! Bringing life and positivity into dark times. And I will say, my plants give me such stress relief. We have a whole room dedicated to them (aka the green room). You are so strong Bec. Sending so much love and light to you.
Wow❤❤❤ so much love and admiration for your strength to share all this. I hope you can feel the appreciation from everyone benefitting from your inspiration. And.... bald and bold is truly beautiful on you! Because you are just beautiful Bec!! Cancer can't take that away from you ❤.  (And one the side... where did Oso come from? What a big love! I must have missed that episode)
I’ve watched you guys for years and struggled with mental health and depression and I have to say your happy peppy self has always just put a smile on my face. Seeing you so sad put tears in my eyes and I am praying for you and this journey that is now a part of your life! You are such a beautiful strong woman and YES bald is beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ with lots of love and prayer
You too are soooooooo sweet and strong! LOVE u!!
Thank you for sharing this with all of us.  I love the full bald. Your are gorgeous
We love you Bec.
Love you guys. Bec you look so beautiful! Thank you for carrying us along on this journey.
You look fab girl.
When is eamon shaving his head
Thank you for your bravery and for showing the good and the bad. Lee is with you 100000%!! You look BEAUTIFUL🤍
I just wanted to say you guys are great. This video made cry and laugh. Your positivity is amazing and the people you have around you are amazing. Please take care ❤️🤗
Hair is important for some of us. But life is better. I rather your life than hair.  I’m praying for your future health and well being.   Thank you Eamon for being so supportive.
I got my eyebrows micro bladed in preparation for the hair loss.
All the best from Vienna!!! Love you, your so beautiful!
Bec & Eamon,  love you guys. Hugs from Seattle, Wa
Who is that beautiful person? No not you Eamon the person next to you :) You guys are smashing it and we love you all! Keep that amazing motivation up and just remember you are still supporting so many people around the world its crazy! Take it easy guys! Love Ya!
You gonna be fine🥰🥰
She wore it better!
Bec, you look soo beautiful! You can truly pull anything off!
Winnie the wig!
You are so beautiful omg!
You look very cute with a short bob. Very French. You look cool with a shaved head, you have a very nice shaped head. I know I wouldn't look that good.
You absolutely look great bald. Keep on keeping on....sending love and light.✨💖✨
I had to stop at "I look great bald". I wanted to say to you, darling Bec...that as much as we have all talked about our hair being our "crowning glory", it is not. I have never seen more beautiful women than my friends  who have gone on a similar journey such as yours, and have lost their hair, only to reveal their most beautiful unadorned selves. Truly. There is a real glow, a strength, an "I will fight this" look that simply amazes me. You get to sport a new look, one that you can dress up with make up, all sorts of fun head gear, earrings, and whatever else. And then...here's the deal...hair grows, but maybe you'll like it short. Who cares. You will always be your beautiful self.with or without hair. Keeping you in my prayers!
Ramona  was the name that came ro me as soon as you opened the wig
You are so Beautiful! ❤️ Think of you every day!
I am proud of you Beck, you are a very strong woman
I feel as if I know you personally. I first found you in your van traveling while browsing on utube  I can’t remember where you were. My heart goes out to you Bec and I pray for success in your treatment. You have incredible strength and spirit.
❤❤❤❤❤
Sending love, support, hugs, hope and happiness your way 💕 I can't even begin to imagine this journey you are on but the love and warmth you and Eamon have will be your strength. I'm rooting for you Bec, know that you are beautiful and loved and your appearance is not what defines you. You are a beautiful person with a beautiful heart and soul ❤️ never forget how incredible you are!
I’ve been watching this new journey of yours and I got to thinking, I think the cabin was just meant to be. Everything in life happens for a reason, and I think that you guys were meant to have this home base after traveling for so many years to help you in this journey. The cabin is so peaceful and I hope provides you with a sense of calmness when other aspects of your life are so unknown ❣️
I’m sorry your going through this but bec it doesn’t matter if you have hair or no  hair yout beautiful no matter what love u ❤️❤️
Love you guys so much! Bec you are gorgeous! Prayers and well wishes always!! 💕
Bad ass chick. Mad props. I cried with you. I laughed with you. So glad you got the love and support of that weird dude. Lol. All my love to you both. Keep kicking ass and takin names.
You are so beautiful in and out!
much love Keep on Fighting You Got This !!!
She is definitely a Jasmine. :)
Bec you look amazing!!! Praying for a fast recovery and all the healing
You are such beautiful people..I know why your hearts are together♥️
You are absolutely incredible and beautiful. Huge supporter, I have watched every one of y’all’s videos and never commented. But you are such an incredible woman ❤️
❤️❤️💪🏼💪🏼 so much love.
You look great bec
You are stunning no matter what hair/no hair you are rocking. What made me tear up is how much Eamon's love and support for you shines through. As a breast cancer survivor too - that was the most important part of my healing, having my husband tell me how he felt about me when I felt ugly and unlovable. Wishing you a victorious and peaceful journey back to health and the survivor sisterhood.
You are amazing--you are beautiful Honey
You are so fortunate to live in a country that provides national healthcare. In the US, your IVF journey could amount to upwards of $20k for the patient and necessitate a GoFundMe for the patient’s share of cancer treatment. Healthcare in the US is a disgrace. Bec, you are a brave, brave girl surrounded by so much love and support. Thank you so much for sharing your heartache with us all. Trust that we are sharing your pain and sending you all the love. So looking forward to all the blessings to come. P.S. I think you should keep Eamon. ☺️☺️ Much love…..
Just wanted to let you know that I really feel with you. I've been crying this whole episode. I lost my mom to cancer about 1 1/2 years ago and it is so special to be able to go through the journey she had to go through with you Bec. My mom did not share a lot with us. My sister and I didn't really know what was going on with her. I mean we knew that she was very very sick but she always had the desire to keep us out of it as much as possible. She wanted us to keep living our lives and to continue to be happy. When she passed away it was such a shock for us and I've always been kinda sad that she didn't tell us and didn't want us to support her the way we could have done. On the other hand I kinda understand her motive, too. To see you go through chemo and getting liquid sunshine is taking me back to when my mom went through all of it and it hurts to much to know that she did it all on her own. She was so so strong and I didn't even realise at the time. I wish I had asked her more and been there for her more. But on the other hand I get to see now how beautiful and what a chapion my mom was and how strong you are Bec. Thank you so much for sharing your jurney with us and letting us all be a part of it. I am truely grateful for it and I wish you a happy, fulfilling and long life from the bottom of my heart. Lots of love, Kathi
you look like a secret agent with the bob it looked awesome!
Amazing video!  My wife was blessed to avoid that stage, but our niece is about to hit it head on (pun intended!!). I am sending her this video for inspiration.  Not only are you not alone, you are an amazing spirit force for others. BTW, we embraced wigs a long time ago and they can be sooo much fun.  Yours looks spot on "all Bec", but you look great without it too.  Rock on!!
Bec keep up the good fight. Eamon is awesome support for you.
We all love no matter how you look because you look beautiful no matter what your hair is what your wear ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are absolutely gorgeous bald! Gosh I felt this video on so many levels. I was a hairdresser for over 20 years and I have been on this journey a few times with some clients. It’s always tough to lose your hair. It does not make you vain. Hair helps us express our personalities. I was holding back the tears until you shaved it all off. I’m so proud of you for embracing your hair loss journey. On a positive note you definitely look fantastic with every hairstyle! Bonus who doesn’t love the positive of not shaving! Also you’re not the only one with a little brain I have one too! I had a mole on my back removed and the doctor wanted to cut off my little brain and I was like settle down lol but I’m definitely going to look into that laser thing you had done. That looks like a great option. Anyways sending you tons of love and prayers and healing vibes. You are absolutely rocking this journey. Also shout out to Eamon you are being an amazing support! You guys are amazing! XOXOXO
You are beautiful inside and out-that wig looks just like you. You can’t even tell it’s a wig love. Not only that, but you look HOT with your head shaved!!! Keep being strong. We love you ❤️❤️
So sweet to see you having fun with all these styles! You’re seriously gorgeous Bec. 😭 love you both so much!
💞❤💞❤💞❤❤❤
Bec shave your head as well and join her through this
You're both beautiful in your own right. Remember,  beauty begins from within. You both are more beautiful than ever.!
💞
Y’all are beautiful humans! God bless you both on this journey 🙏🏻♥️
Bec, you look so insanely beautiful and strong with a shaved head. It suits you so well <3
You're amazing, lots of love!
There's a huge plant community with calm, fun, informative videos on plants. If you want advice on the plants there are plenty of people and resources 💚 watering on set schedule can lead to over or/and underwatering
BEC YOU'RE AMAZING. I ADMIRE YOU AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! SENDING HUGS AND POSITIVE VIBES TO YOU BOTH!!!
I know your going through a lot but you are strong and you have people in your life that love you. Just a little help…. I have alopecia and have now been over 5 years bald. My hair started to fall out 20 years ago. Do what’s good for you. ❤️
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You're helping so many others who might be going through this and showing them that they're not alone. You have such a beautiful face that you rock the bald look. Wishes for health and strength, you're unstoppable Bec!
Your beautiful no matter what beck love you
I'm sorry Kara and Nate had to cancel.  It would have been a great visit.  Another time I  hope.   Kara cut her hair in solidarity with you.  You both look great with short hair.   You really rock being bald.  But that wig looks good on you.  Hang tough.  Thanks for theupdate.
Everything will be OK Praying for your health everyday 🙏 ❤️
You shinne no matter the look, you're just beautiful Bec. Eamon, you are an amazing partner💗💪🏻
Bec you look absolutely beautiful!!  You are going to get through this so much stronger. My love to you and Eamon.  You've got this girl!!! Sending you strength and positive vibes.  Look forward to your next video!
💛💛💛 Both of you are amazing! 💛💛💛
Eamon please shave your head to support Bec. I cried with you Bec and your strong. Sharing probably the hardest journey in your life. I'm sending prayers. My sister is a 10 year Breast cancer surviver and I remember when her long hair fell out. Stay strong
So proud of you, sweets! Those bald ladies are not frail and sad, they’re the baddest bitches on the planet! When I first heard my doctor tell me that I had breast cancer, I walked back out to the treatment center lobby and looked around at the other women there, trying to see what my future held. There were a sea of beanies, but there were a couple of women who caught my eye. They were bald, had on lipstick and cute outfits. They were smiling, you could tell this was just part of their to-do list. They gave me so much hope for what treatment could look like. As soon as I lost my hair, I made it a point to always go to chemo bald, with a cute outfit and a smile on my face. I wanted to pay that feeling forward to another scared girl. You are doing that same thing on such a larger scale by sharing here. Sending you both all the love! 💕
You look amazing, you are amazing. You both are. You're so inspiring, your videos touch me so much. Thank you and know that we're all here for you!
Bec, you are so beautiful and your strength is inspiring. The love and support that is around you through Eamon, your family and friends is so powerful and together you can and will get through this ❤
Bec you’re just amazing! Sending you so much love right now xx  p.s I think the wig looks amazing and she should be named Margo 🥰
You are so amazing and beautiful.  Imua 💗
So freaking awesome you guys. Emon, YOU ARE THE BOMB SIR. If only everyone had the kind of love and support you give. God bless you both❤️ Stay strong!💪
BEC YOU LOOK SO HOT! You’re so beautiful my friend. I know this time is super hard and no one’s words can take away your feelings and emotions, just know you’re one STRONG ASS WOMAN!!!
You are Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful Beautiful 😍 🤩 👌
❤️
Your beautiful Bec! God Bless you on your journey! Both of you! ❤️
OMG!! You look like a high fashion model!!! My head was lumpy lol.... yours is PERFECT!!!
honestly both of you guys are such beautiful and strong people, i love you guys and thank you for sharing this journey with us. I just feel all the love through your videos and im sending them right back!! <3
Long hair, short hair, no hair - you are just so lovely. This is such an emotional share and I think it will be so meaningful for so many people. This was the most difficult part for my 80 year old mum's cancer journey too - she is a survivor with hair again, just like you will be. Strength and love, xo
Thanks for sharing your journey with us. My dad had pancreatic cancer. Chemo is so hard but laughing along the way is how to do it! Laughing and crying with you guys.
I am 74 and a perennial appreciator of women, and how they look. (Mea culpa.) You do not have to worry about your appearance, Bec. You are so fine, and you have a lovely head.
Thank you for showing us what your experience is going through this process. My Partner of 4 years was diagnosed with breast cancer a week ago and we have been watching all of your videos and its... comforting. its helping us come to terms with what the road ahead will look like and how we can overcome it together. Thank you to the both of you and youve got this. We are all rooting for you.
Bec!!!! I love the short hair 😍 It will be back Tokyo style in no time. Use Nioxin ;)
You and Eamon are on our daily prayers and thoughts. My mother has been going through cancer treatments since December of last year. It’s been hard for her but she’s a very strong beautiful woman. She’s fighting this fight as well! Y’all are going to beat it! I just know it. We love you and Eamon very much! Stay strong beautiful! You got this!
Love the haircut ❤️ You glow so much from your heart you will still be beautiful with no hair💕
I’m one who asked about the cold cap so I’m glad you addressed it, but of course you should always do what feels best for you! And you look bad-ass gorgeous bald 😊
Wow,you Look beautiful😍your pretty face is so outstanding now without your long hair 💜💜💜💜
Thats our beautiful, brave girl!! You look like a cat walk model with the new look <3
Keep the faith, both of you.  You will get through this.  Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair.  Eamon, I admire you for being strong for Bec.  Thoughts and prayers for you both.
☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️ I send you all my love you are so strong ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Watching this made me very emotional. You are so beautiful Bec! You are a strong, amazing woman and I am so proud of you! Thank you for sharing this journey with us as it must be hard for you. Sending love❤️
Hope you are feeling better soon Bec! You're adorable. Hang in there, you are resilient!! BTW, I just ordered fragrance and dye free (OMG!) shampoo and conditioner! I have been looking for this type of product for so long! Can't wait for my shipment.
jumping in here to tell you that haircut is everything! Adorable!!
My Aunt is going through the same thing you are and saw how difficult the journey is..... Stay strong We know yall will pull through.... YOU GOT THIS
You look beautiful sweet soul . 😘 keep on rockin ! Xoxo
You really look good!It's true!
keep being brave and honest.  it is emotional to cut- let alone lose your hair.  It can be your identity.   since 2003,  i have grown my hair for 2 years (no cuts or trims) and then cut it to a short bob.  with growth 1/2 inch a month, i get 10-12 inches every 2 years.  with each hair cut I donate it to various organizations to make wigs for people who need it for medical purposes.  i can agree, the first shower after a huge hair cut feels SOOO GOOD! I love your good and bad days!!
Bec, you are beautiful hair or no hair.  ❤️ I had my head mole punched out.  It won't but just in case it grows back that's the way to go. Mine had quite the "root". It looked like yours.   You are gorgeous!
Bec, you are so beautiful!! You can rock anything and I agree with Eamon, you are hot!! I understand the feeling of getting upset about losing your hair, but a friend of mine lost her hair during chemo and she she said its over rated, your health is more important and being alive! And it’s only temporary, you will have hair again!
you're beautiful both inside and out! Eamon YOU are an amazing human 💕💕
You are both in my prayers.  You both rock.
Bec is an absolute stunner with everything she does. Long hair, bangs, Bob cut, shaved head, wigs, head scarfs. Everytime a new look comes up I'm like that woman can pull off anything!!
Your as beautiful without hair as with. Your a natural beauty and a bald head will not change that. What a great support Eamon is being. You are made for each other and your journey however hard it is for you at the moment is amazing x
You are a beautiful couple and your beauty shines through with or without hair.
Wow Bec, you’re stunning! Your strength and glow shines brighter than I have ever seen in any person. You’re such a fighter, the true definition of strength! Keep looking forward, Thank you for sharing such an intimate hard time in your life, you give me hope.
No word can describe how proud I am of you two. Every time I am reminded of how life can be beautiful, no matter the circumstances you are in, it helps me so much in getting through my own struggles. You are so strong and supportive of each other. I'm sending all of my love and positive energy your way ❤
'You don't need hair for love' 🥰❤
Stay strong love you guys 😃😃❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
Don't be self conscious lol. You good
Bec, your hair looks beautiful any ANY and ALL stages.  Long, short, falling out, bald (shaven).  Your hair does not define you and it is not an integral component of your character or your being.  You are beautiful, plain and simple.  I cried when you said that you would be combining Eamon's hair with yours for your wig.  I can think of nothing sweeter and more loving/touching in such a time of need and vulnerability.  I'm wishing you nothing but the best on your arduous journey.  <3
No matter what you may look like on the outside your inside beauty will always always always shine through to the outside. You are stunning Bec   Much love and thank you for being so vulnerable 💙
Bec’s beauty has always been her warmth that radiates from her. Her genuine care and joy just makes her so calming to be around over these years. We are with you Bec and sending you all the joy, warmth, love, and care your way.
Your video brought me to tears - good tears.  😭❤️ What a beautiful couple. 😭❤️  What strength, courage and love bundled together.   BEC you are GORGEOUS!!! TRULY.   Both of your hearts just shine right through it all.  Talk about LIGHT beatin' the darkness.  You two beat it to death.  Loved the end - both of you happy and "stylin'".   Much LOVE TO YOU BOTH❤️😊 MADE MY DAY to hear from you two! YOU TWO GO ENJOY YOURS!  OH and CONGRATS on 1.06 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS :) WHOO HOOOOO
Just finished watching the video. Coulnt wait until you posted. I know its tough to probably carry on and be as normal as possible thru this, but at least I feel I have grown over time, watchiing your video's, and selfishly, feels like your friends of mine even though we never met. I brought you into my heart awhile back and needed to watch your videos. Were not that far apart, I live in Buffalo NY, and I feel closer. Bec, you are amazing and beautiful and to Eamon for the support, prayers alwasy for both of you. As I watched todays video my wife said "your crying". I said I feel like Ive known them forever and thats a testimony to how you areand what you project! Prayers and love to TWO beautiful people! Joe
Bec you look beautiful!  Bald or with hair!  Hang in there!
Love you bec ❤️
I thought it was a little strange that this was becoming a new trend at first, but the more people I see with it the more I want to try it. You are absolutely gorgeous and guys are the most amazing and adorable couple. Continuing to pray for you on this journey.
We love you guys too ❤ And you are absolutely beautiful indeed Bec!
❤️
I gotta say as a hairdresser: i have a wonderful faceform to war ur hair bald ( i know thats not really making the whole scabaang better, but its really rare)
Bec, you are beautiful. You are strong. You are brave. Thank you for sharing your journey. Eamon, you are so supportive. It's wonderful to watch your compassion throughout this journey. I hope that you have someone to talk to during this. Sometimes support people forget that they need some too. I am sending love to you both.
And you're also beautiful inside and out Bec <3
I just have to say... BEC YOU ARE AMAZING!!! I love how yo feel all the feels.
The cut makes you look so young ans carefree
You are so much more than your hair!  Plus you look fabulous with or without your hair.  It doesn't change who you are.
Awesome. I love the tom boy look on you!  When I watched this episode, I felt with you. But I also felt the stereotypes in which our upbringing is putting people into. "Girl with beautiful hair" Such a cliché. You are more than just a bunch of old stuff coming out of your head. This is a journey that will bring you so much closer to everything that life is about. The most important thing is to get well again, stay positive and embrace even the toughest of moments. You guys inspired me so much. I am sitting in my van on the coast of Portugal and loving every minute. And you guys have being a big part of this journey for me. Thank you for that.
Bec, you look amazing.  Hair, no hair, wig…. Amazing!  😃
You look beautiful bald Bec!!! ♥️
Damn you look hot with a shaved head!! What a babe! We love you!
I accidentally disliked the video so I double liked from this account and another lol 😂
Congratulations on 1 millions subscribers you deserve it hope you get more and more xxx 🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋
I’m literally tearing up with you during the haircut. Eamon is the best cheerleader, Bec you are so courageous and brave. Sending love and well wishes always! 💕
You guys are such an awesome couple!! You are so beautiful Bec!! You have an awesome hubby that loves you, supports you. Will continue to pray for healing. Thanks for your lovely updates!!
I'm in complete and utter awe over not only how you're dealing with cancer but also that you're still sharing it. You're the biggest superhero I know of and you're beyond real. For what it's worth, your hair does not define your beauty. And also: you don't have to wear a cone of shame, so there's that. See you Someday.
Just some levity.  I had Hodgkin’s lymphoma. Chemo every other week for six months. Lost my hair of course.  I was working as a police officer at the time. Got a wig. One night on patrol, I had a pursuit and had a small wreck. My wig flew off and flew into my passenger seat.  That was a sight. Lol. I am sure if I had a passenger at the time they would have been mortified. Needless to say I never went back to the wig.    You got this warrior. !!!! Hugs
Eamon is correct " You don't need hair for love." Eamon is SO sweet! You don't know how blessed you are. Eamon is so supportive and awesome.  Also remember that you have people all around this little blue ball praying for you. You will be alright. I have no doubt! I'm a survivor of Non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
❤️
The first time I heard Eamon say, “it’s only hair”, I thought he just didn’t get what it means to Bec. But, then I realized he was saying “it’s only hair” because Bec’s hair isn’t Bec. He truly and passionately loves Bec, mind, body and soul.  Hair is only the icing on top.
Brave, courageous, wonderful, beautiful!
I have two moles on my head and I think if I ever shave my head I’d hate them being exposed. You are so brave. It makes me cry. 💛💛💛
Bec you are a beautiful, strong, and absolutely wonderful person! Your bone structure is very stong so a shaved/bald head looks amazing on you! If you were on Top Model they would totally have shaven your head because you are stunning and don't need hair to rock it!
Totally get the feelings of attachment to your hair and how it can feel as though it's part of your beauty but no joke you look STUNNING with a shaved head. Total badass babe. Sending you and Eamon much continued love and support. It gets harder before it gets better but you come out the other side leveled up. Bec 2.0
Currently watching! First of all, shout out to Eamon for very much clearly being so freaking amazing, I can feel his love for you Bec through the screen, and secondly Bec you are amazing. You look so gorgeous no matter what hair style you have. ❤
this was so beautiful to watch.
Stay strong Bec... your top priority is to look after yourself, and using your great platform to inspire others must always come second.  Losing my hair was definitely the hardest part of my breast cancer journey... worse in many ways than the chemo and radiotherapy.  Fifteen years on and I'm doing great...and you will too.  The cold cap didn't work for me.    You're doing great... sending love and positive vibes from Scotland...
Eamon you should shave your head bec
Bec you are kicking cancers ass, you got this girl!!!!!
Beck, your rocking the bald😍  sending you support and love!
The last 100 seconds …………… 💙
Your face is so beautiful that you rock every hairstyle. I wish you health!!! Love from Poland!
Glory to Ukraine 🇺🇦 long live Ukraine 🇺🇦 i love you Bec remember that the inside is the beauty you never loose outside will always return 💖
You are beautiful! I cried with you through the video. You are loved and supported. You will get through this.
You are beautiful, Bec, and you are covered in our prayers.  Eamon, you are doing and saying all the right things, and we can tell it all comes from your heart.  Thank you both for sharing the love and the journey. God bless you both.
You are beautiful no matter what bec, one of the most fearless and strongest people I have ever seen xxx stay strong and big up to Eamon for being your rock xxx you got this girl xxxxx love me and Stevie xxx
You are so beautiful, it radiates from the inside!
That wig is exactly you!!!!!
You look AMAZING Bec! You guys have got this. 💪♥️♥️
You are hidden under all that hair, Bec! The moment it was all off I said to myself, “There she is. That, is a warrior right there”.  Also- channeling my inner Moira Rose to help name wigs. How about Christa or Danielle? Maybe a name you’ve always wanted or the name of a good friend?
Love ❤️ u guys... no words... my favorite power couple
Bec you are incredibly bad ass!
You’re stunning - sending love x
Huge ((((((( virtual hug )))))) to you both 🥰.   Bec you are a Beautiful woman with or with out hair .❤️ Thinking of you both. Take care 🥰
Yaaaaasssss.  Face face face giving fierce face!!!!!  Hang in there gal. You got this.
Wilma.
Eamon, you make me cry,  you have so much love for Bec. When she was in the shower and you said " hold my hand" I just lost it. You are an awesome guy, Eamon.
Bec is definitely beautiful no matter the state of her hair. I love these people. Blessings and health to you both.
Well, long hair, short hair, bald, you are BEAUTIFUL ❤️🙏🏼 There is always a light at the end of the tunnel ✨
Ohhh bec you have me crying - you are sunshine on a cloudy day ☀️☀️☀️☀️☀️you are strong , you are brave  Eamon , you are a great support and it’s so nice to see the love and support  You both make an excellent team  Remember on those gloomy days , you’ve got this and we’ve got you !!! ❤️☀️❤️☀️❤️☀️
You are still absolutely stunning,  you can pull any look off. Sending so much love xx
Bec you are a superhero and as you know every superhero needs an exceptional sidekick superhero and you have that in Eamon. When he said, "You don't need to be beautiful." The tears come. Laughter and love will get you through. 2011 my hubby and I went through his brain cancer and surgery. I remember being so strong until the night before surgery and my sister shaved his head. I cryed for the first time. Then we named his tumor Reginald. Like I told him who could be scared of a British Butler. Even his Doctor thought that was funny. Get the laughs in it is healing and gets you through. That is what also started our plant based journey after his surgery. Along the way we found you guys with great recipes. You two are amazing and so brave letting us come on this journey with you. Hold tight and laugh. Prayers and thoughts are with you.
Eamon is such a light through this whole process! Sending my love to you Bec. You look absolutely beautiful
Oh Bec, I don't know you but youtube makes you feel like a friend. Tears for you today. But you are incredibly beautiful with long hair, short hair, and no hair. Stay strong as you can. Praying for you both 💕
Bless you both during this journey. May it make you even stronger and even more connected.
Lots a luv to you guys! Remember, "You are beautiful!"
Bec, you look fucking AMAZING. Thank you for sharing all of this with us. The respect and admiration you two have for each other is something I hope to find in a relationship one day :)
Bold, Brave & Beautiful that's what U are Bec,... A woman's hair is a big part of what defines us woman and I was crying along with U, while assisting your sad experience. But this whole process will Re-define Bec, at a whole new level of consciousness. Hang, in there sweetie U got this and also privileged having this great man Eamon LIVING it with U at 100 % ... I, thank him from the bottom of my heart for being so understanding, kind & generous as he can be 4-U ... Our spirit never dies, only the body parts us,... We Are  4 Ever Eternal, Souls!   From Qc,...  Much Love & Light 2 U Both!
Wishing you all the best, you guys are amazing Love from Portugal
The strength both of you have is inspiring and I send you both all the positive vibes and energy each day! stay strong and Bec you are beautiful no matter what!
Awwweeeeee Bec. You do look beautiful. Thinking of you. 😘😘
You have the perfect shaped head for pulling off bald and you're beautiful to begin with. The ice cap didn't work for my Mom, she tried it and still lost her hair. It was an emotional journey for her as well. You're both in my thoughts and prayers. Warrior on! And kick cancer's ass!
I'm sorry Bec.  You have a great team mate to help you through this.  Thank you for sharing your journey.  🙏
We usually don't comment on these videos, but we just wanted to send our love from Florida..... Bec you are amazing.... a true ray of sunshine 🌞... Eamon...you are taking fantastic care of her, so much love 💕 to you both.... We are always looking forward to your next video....  Lots of love to you both.. Larry and Cindy ❤️
Xxxxxxx
I pray for you both every single day. Side note: I honestly thought the video was going to end with Eamon shaving his head also ... lol.
You got this Bec
The love and respect you reflect in every simple act,does not look fake,It's real,hold on to It!You are a winning team! Love and kisses from México!Big hug!
Bec you are a SUPERSTAR!! ❤️🌟
sending healing love 💝
Awww Bec you look amazing no matter what! You are so beautiful but your beauty is not your worth. You are so much more than a hairstyle. We love you! So sorry you have been having such an emotional journey with this. It will get better!! And Eamon thank you for being there and being strong!
I love you both so much. Thank you for sharing this journey. You are changing lives by inspiring bravery, courage, love, light, and positivity. We are here for you!!!
You definitely know how to rock bald!
Bec your a beautiful soul and your buddy too ,, what an incredible inspiration you are and your crazy stunning bald ,, sending love and peace your way from Scotland 🥰🥰
Oh my goodness!! You are such a beautiful person inside and out! You amazing and so brave and very inspirational! I love watching every video you post!! Thank u for including me on ur journey
You look adorbs and what a great partner and wingman ❤️ also, your new shaved head doesn't mean sick, it means fierce warrior 🔥
Amazing.You are beautiful.Hats off to your courage and support of Eamon.Love from Pakistan.
Honestly you look so beautiful with a shaved head! You have the perfect body and face for it. Seriously you look bad ass!!!
❤❤❤❤❤
uhhh Bec you rock every of those styles, no I am thinking about shaving my head 😅
This entire video I been holding back the tears, the energy Eamon has is something else. I am so glad you have someone like him by your side. I got more emotional seeing Bec break down while you were shaving her head, but I know how strong Bec is & she will conquer it. But when she has Eamon if he’s okay, I balled because I can only imagine how hard it is for your significant other to go through something so traumatic and have to stay strong from the both of you. You’re a rockstar Bec! 🤍
Oh Bec you are so beautiful with or without hair and you are so strong and brave. You should be proud of yourself. Emon you are an awsome husband keep up the good work. Keep love each other.
💚
I love the short hair!!
Bec you are beautiful inside and out💛 you and Eamon are in my thoughts and prayers.  I always look forward to seeing you on YouTube and Instagram ❤ sending you big hugs and lots of LOVE
You are so beautiful Bec! You got this girl! Sending love from Ottawa! 💞
Just like you said, you look amazing bald! My boyfriend and I are sending our best wishes and lots of love in your direction❤️
I remember when I lost my hair and I felt just like you Bec. It’s a journey for sure but when it’s over the world seems so much brighter than you ever thought it could be. You are sooooo beautiful. Sending you both so much love as you navigate through this journey ❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼❤️🙏🏼
Bec you look beautiful without hair.  Good luck.  It will pass 💗
you‘re so beautiful; Bec💕👍🏼☺️
Name ideas : Sage, Biancca, Hope, Zella, Artency, Pippin, Serenity, Serene, Nalani, Imani, Esperanto, Andra
No hair loss means chemo is working. It is the hope of healing and recovery!! I looked forward to seeing the hair loss with my son’s leukemia. 15 years of total recovery!  Good luck and continued prayers.
Love you guys. Positive vibes to you always!
You look stunning  Inside and out 💗
💗💗
There are not enough words in all the dictionaries in the world to tell you how unbelievably amazing you are Bec. (And ok, Eamon too lol) Love you both! Sending all the love and Irish luck from Belfast N.I. 💚🤍🧡 Xxxx
sending love to a beautiful soul xx
You look alive and that's beautiful
you're  so strong and amazing als ur so lucky to have eamon there but we love you
You're so incredible Bec. Your heartfelt emotions, your strength and ability to keep tackling what life throws at you is such a gift and inspiration
Prayers and support, I went to take my shower and I shaved my head. I love it , do if the cuts would heal,. I live on my boat, now there is grey body hair everywhere, Pass the hoover!
So sorry for what going though Bec got lovely awesome husband giving all support family always praying for husband family try keep spirts up can’t imagine what you are going through girlfriend your beat this nasty cancer ❤️❤️✝️🛐❌⭕️❌
'...you don't need hair for love'. Yep!
This was such an incredibly powerful video. Thank you so much for taking us along on your journey. You both are such strong and beautiful people who are helping others by being so open and authentic. For me, I get to see more of what my mom went through during her breast cancer journey (she beat it). At the time I was so young I didn’t get to see that as much but because of you guys I now do. Bec you and Eamon are an amazing inspiration and I love you both!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
I remember going through that…. Positive is my hair grew back curly and I love it even more! Hang in there sister it will get better.
Wonder if eamon will do the shave head journey with bec like some people do , you look amazing bec also u get try so many different ways to have hair now multi coloured and all sorts
My heart breaks for you. But you are strong and I know you are going to kick cancers but. You are perfect in every way. Stay strong and know you have the support of your fans with you always xxxx
Eamon is right you look great.
Bec u r sooo cute bald and u should sooo do something crazy with ur makeup and something crazy with ur outfit
Did anyone bother to tell you that chemotheripie  only has a 50/50 survival rate. My friend of over 30 years, was treated like that. He was gone-dead with in 1 year.  I also noticed it wasn't till after your gene theripi  for egg harvest, that you contracted breast cancer.  I'm not saying, I'm just saying. I feel a great sorrow if you were to loose each other. I think you are not only sucsessful, but you are lovely in all your ways. W/ Llove
You are so amazing, beautiful, and stronger than you think Bec! You are going to make it through this🥰
God Bec how can. One women get more beautiful.  Your are rocking it. Eamon star as ever. X
You both are sooo RAD!! ♥️♥️
Wow., Beck you look so beautiful, strong and fierce ❤️ your smile is so big and your eyes shine. I was secretly hoping to see  Eamon shave his head and leave the beard..ya still can buddy..
Bec honestly you look hot with a shaved head 😍 I know it was difficult, but you look GOOOOD GIRL
Your True Beauty Shines. Your beautiful inside & out. You Rock, Bec. Both of you stay strong thru the many challenges. You've both got this!
Thank you Bec and Eamon for taking us along on this very personal journey between the two of you, a whole journey shared causes a lot of empathy and that is exactly what you are portraying, so stay strong in weak moments and just realize that the beauty is within and shines from your soul. You are beautiful. Love Cindy and Graham South Africa..
Bec you just look amazing. My god. Breath taking! Sending strength.
You make me think of those lyrics by Emmy Meli  "I am woman, I am fearless I am sexy, I'm divine I'm unbeatable, I'm creative Honey, you can get in line" <3
Thanks for sharing such a difficult journey exposing your feelings and fears, me and other 999.999 People are sure everything is going to be Ok. Mucho cariño y ánimo desde Valencia, España. Un abrazo muy fuerte.
Bec, You Look AMAZING and there are people on your side that know what you are going thru just relax do some yoga and btw you look beutiful anyways and even if you think you dont know you have a beutiful and amazing loving heart
Bec, you are an amazing woman. And wow you are stunning with no hair girl!   Sending hugs and kisses your way.  Eamon, you are a one in a million, supportive, loving partner. Together you compliment each other in such a unique and beautiful way. God bless you both, love you so much. ❤️
My mom never wanted to shave her head. She held on and we learned to style her thin hair to have volume and shape, she didn’t want to lose the control she felt from having her hair. It’s hard when something that you’ve had literally all your life is taken, even if it is just hair. But you’re so strong, and Eamon is 100% right, it’ll grow back and you’ll be beautiful then, now and forever! You’ve come so far already and you’ll overcome it together and with your whole community behind you every step of the way!! Much love ❤️☕️
O wow... Yes, you do look beautiful!!! Like a young version of Sinead o Connor!
First off - Eamon was NOT exaggerating, you truly DO look adorable with both your bob and the shaved head, you SINCERELY do rock it! Second - I can SO relate to the “let yourself experience and express ALL of your feelings on one day so you can feel cleansed and functional and ready for battle the next day.” I haven’t actually started treatment yet, but I got a pixie cut this week to minimize the fallout from hair loss, both physical and emotional. I am SO happy you were able to find some positives in this journey and ways to find happy things. This was emotional for me to watch, but I can’t thank you enough for sharing your story as I’m about to go through the same. Sending you ALL of the love and support and positive energy I possibly can!
Bec you are helping so many people out in so many ways. You are both amazing people. Stay strong ❤️
You are so beautiful.
Bec and Eamon you are an amazing couple! Bec you are beautiful with or without hair. I think you rock both! May God keep you strong along this journey in life.🙏🏻❤️
Bec, you are an inspiration ❣👏
Bec and Eamon thank you for sharing this brave journey with us. I adore you both and sending you so much love!
Your hair doesn't make you beautiful, you make your hair beautiful .
Sending you both so much love
awwwwww Bec your naturally beautiful listern to Eamon he is so right it really suits u .... I cried through this but also smiled has u still have a beautiful laugh your so lucky to have each other thankyou for sharing xxxx
Praying for your journey. You are so brave to share your journey. You both are so beautiful. Frankincense helps so much with nausea and fruit smoothies help get nutrition when not feeling great. You are helping so many people.. Most of our family cut they're hair in solidarity in January  of my granddaughter losing her hair for the 3rd times over her journey in the last 7 years. Our school system honored her with a honorary diploma on Friday. Trying to fulfill her wishes. She will be 19  in a few days. You are in our hearts and prayers constantly.
You guys are so beautiful. I love your love!
prayers and safe journey
Love you guys.
You got this Bec! You are rays of sunshine, shining all over the world. Sending you and Eamon all the best!
Bald and BEAUTIFUL!! 💜🌸💜 I’m a 53 yo woman.  I shaved my head two years ago, though this was by choice, which is a much different experience.  I did feel a sense of renunciation and I continue to feel so free!   I have never felt so authentic.  I hope this experience has helped you to realize on a deep level how your true beauty has nothing to do with your hair.  So much time and energy and money and self-esteem is wrapped up in something that actually isn’t tied to one’s authentic self.  So continue on, Beautiful One - with hair, without hair, whatever - knowing that your essence, your glory shines so brightly.  Much much love 💗💗💗 (Wendy, Guelph ON) PS: Eamon, you are an incredible partner and human being! ❤️
This was years ago... I took ice packs and duct taped them to my head. I had a long, blonde mane, thick af. I still lost about 1/2 my hair. People couldn't tell if they didn't know me. I'm not this perfect looking person who needs full face makeup and hair done. IT KICKED MY ASS EMOTIONALLY!!! Like it's just hair, it will grow back and I won't be dead!!! My hair was who I was as a woman. I've had pixie cuts... it's different from combing clumps of hair...I felt like I was being erased. Sooo sick, and couldn't even fake it till I make it. I saved $ on shampoo lol... it gets better, I PROMISE!!!
I know you’ve heard this a million times but lady you are beautiful with or without hair!!  I totally understand. I’m 70 years old and some of us older ladies suffer from hair loss and it ain’t growing back!!  Soo if it doesn’t grow back for some weird reason, just know your looks will not suffer!!!
Bec! I had an almost identical mole in the SAME place and I was able to get mine shaved down/away with the blessing of my oncologist I’m pretty sure before I even finished chemo. A blessing in disguise because I never would have wanted to shave that part of my scalp to have it removed beforehand.
duuuude you look COOL
I think the wig says Ava to me .  It looks beautiful!  I love the bob cut on you too.  You are in my thoughts and prayers.  Oh Bec, I am crying with you.  You are strong and beautiful.    My son is your age and grows and donates his hair every other year….too bad he’s a blond!  Sending love.
You look so beautiful you got this bec !!!!
Oh Bec, you are So beautiful ❤️ And so happy about what a special relationship you have with Eamon 😍🙏 Thinking of you ❤️
you guys are incredible and I am amazed to see your relationship. WHat a team ! This IS LOVE
I cried with you watching this video, but the most powerfull thing is the beautiful family you have. They will be there for you always and you can feel fortunate. You are beautiful! And you got this!! Sending you guys my blessings 💗
All support and love to you❤️ this is my first video of yours and it broke my heart for you but you look amazing and gorgeous 😍 take care and all love and prayer from India💖
I WANNA  EAMON
🤗🥰🥰🥰💜💜💜💜💜🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏👍👍👍👍
You are Bec not cancer and NOT HAIR. please don't define yourself as anything else. You are woman and you are strong.
Love you two so much! Beautiful inside and out! Praying you though!
Bec 💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾💪🏾 Let’s go girl! 😘 Eamon will keep your spirits up for sure! He’s so funny 😂 and loving 🥰
You are so strong!  I appreciate you so much!  You bring me such courage and I'm able to share that courage with my daughter who enjoys you a well.  Keep going.. even on the bad days.   We love you so much.  Congrats on 1 mil! ❤
❤️
Bec you’re so inspiring, thanks 🙏 for sharing your story, we really appreciate it 🥰
Stay strong Bec, sending love and prayers to you guys!
Bec, you are so brave to share this journey in such a raw way. You are one of the most naturally beautiful women I’ve ever seen. Have fun with your makeup if you want. Play around with fun earrings and fancy headscarf’s. Embrace it baby! Also, hats off to Eamon to taking such good care of you, especially emotionally.
Simple Beautiful inside and out. Keep kicking cancers ass!!
Wow, you look incredible bald! It suits you so much
me and my cousin watch and everyday we send positivity into the universe in hope you will get a bit of it
Bec you are so beautiful! You always have been but this really suits you. I’ve always had long brown hair too and totally empathise with you, it would be so hard for me. You’re doing so amazing and we are all here for you!
Bec you are so beautiful! Not many people can rock a bald head but damn girl you sure can!!
Bec you look like a young Sinead O Connor, look up the video "Nothing compares to you" that's how good you look bald..gorgeous. 😘
Cancer strips you down to the basics and it is there where you find what your foundation is made of.  Love to you both!
Prayers continued on your journey together. You are lucky to be so beautiful facially that you can rock bald to covered long or short…I actually think your short style is the way to go in a wig or when it returns 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
❤️❤️❤️🤗
You look so freaking beautiful with no hair!!! Like it’s so crazy how I always thought your hair was beautiful but you are bad ass and rocking the bald head!!!! I’m loving it Beck your amazing 😘
Bec, you are ridiculously beautiful, with hair and without; inside and out. Thanks for being vulnerable and sharing your journey. ❤️
You guys are an amazing couple! Bec you are so strong!! I cried with you this whole vlog!!
But why were the bangs with the shaved head so good looking? Not even joking. But you have pulled off every single style you tried. You look like a top model with the bald head.   Sending good thoughts into the universe for you and your family. I love to see your videos pop up and wish all the best for your treatment and recovery. I really believe in the power of positive thinking.  When your hair grows back you definitely need to try several more hair styles.
I 💯% agree. You look so beautiful wow!!!! Thanks for sharing this journey you are so strong Bec.
God bless you my dear, you really look like a doll,  very beautiful. My daughter, granddaughter and my self, cut our hair completely we were bold for a good cause, we did it in 2019. I Just want to say that there are a lot of people that goes bold as an style. God bless both of you. You're in my prayers.
Bec you are so unbelievable beautiful inside and out, what a warrior you are, big love ❤
My soul.....gasp.  my beautiful mom was diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer.  She was never one to focus on hair and nails.  Just a simple lady.  I remember washing her hair when she got sick and her hair was coming out by handful in my hands.  She asked if her hair was falling out and I quickly told her no while trying to hide the handfuls.  But, I had to show her.  It was so painful to show her, as her reaction was much like yours.   It wasn't about vanity for mama and it isn't for you either Bec.  My mama explained to me, it was just the reality and the identity that comes with the bald that made her so emotional.
You look great bald! Many women don't realize how having super short hair or a buzz actually accentuates your face structure and can make you look even more beautiful. I know my partner looks her hottest with a skin level buzz in a fancy jumper or some overalls. Its a totally different look, but it's good, and looks good on you! Keep powering on! You are doing great!
When I shaved my head for some reason it felt freeing! Bec you are BEAUTIFUL!! Lee's spirit is with you always. From one cancer fighter to another we got this! Prayers for us.
Sorry guys normally watch but this week was to tough. My wife had colon cancer and I remember the night she went swimming and her hair started falling out. Still following you guys but not this week.
Bec, you honestly look great without hair. You have a great support system with Eamon. You will do great. Your puppy is also a great part of your healing. <3
Bec- you look gorgeous! Sending you all the positive, good vibes girl…you got this ❤️
My heart breaks for you but you look amazing with or without hair! I personally know how hard it is for my sister and mom to battle a rare tissue cancer. My sister shaved her hair off back in November. People say hair is hair. Yes, that's true but until people walk through your shoes they have no idea how hard it is! Praying for you both!!
Ms. Bec, your haircut is adorable! The newer wigs look great! The older wigs felt like helmets!
You are beautiful Bec. Strong. Powerful. Courageous. Kind. Positive. Bright. Humble. Loving. Caring. Smart. Brave. Wonderful.  Raw. Real.   Beautiful❤️🌞
Bec. Close up of her face in the bath. How freaking gorgeous is this woman? Really. Chemo can't take away how beautiful you are, Bec!  Thank you, immeasurably, for sharing this intense journey with us. It's got to be so hard to film right now. We love and appreciate you two!
I just wanted to send good energy your way!  Energy for healing and peace. The love between the two of you is so clear and perfect. How lucky you are to have each other! Bec, you look amazing (whether you want to believe it or not!). And Eamon, please take care of yourself, too. It's like on the plane when they tell the adults to put on the oxygen mask before putting one on their child. If you're not well, you cannot do all the things you need to do. You are both strong and will be okay. So many people are sending you positive energy from all directions!
Bec, it's incredibly inspiring how courageous and strong you are, and you have the best partner at your side. Just know that if or when you no longer feel comfortable sharing this journey publicly, we all will understand and think none the lesser of you. We will be here either way. All the love
Im sending so much love and prayers to you ! You are truly a wonderful and loving person  !
Bec you are such an amazing woman through and through beautiful inside and out thank you for sharing all that you share and I will be praying for you on your journey it’s weird how you post a video today and I was thinking about you yesterday and was going to look you up today thank you for showing us and letting us see your journey 🙏🏻
Bec, you're rocking every look 😍 Honestly, you guys are so inspiring, strong and beautiful no matter what ❤
Call the wig hairiet  Instead of Harriet
Bec you're such an amazing, gorgeous person inside and out. Never forget that. You look stunning bald, I love the look!
Bec you look like a sexy warrior! Which you are!
We have a name suggestion - Chazney...   You're beautiful inside out we love you guys, thank you for sharing your journey with us, we're watching as a family in awe of your strength and love, remenber to name your plant too how awesome is the pot 😍😊 xxx
No matter what someone is going through or how they feel about something, I'm always gonna be honest, no matter the struggle.. (I'll be kind, but I'll always be honest) and Bec, you seriously look like a badass. You don't look 'sick,' you look strong and beautiful. You have a face that goes with anything - especially love!! Loving the new do girl.
You are amazing Bec
Never met you, but you feel like family! I love you guys and wish you the best during this tough time. You get me through some dark days and I share my tears with you through every moment of emotion you share! Thank you for being so open I stand with you as I’m sure all of us followers do!!! Lots of love and hugs xxx YOU GOT THIS!
Lots of love from Denmark <3 <3 <3
You are so strong!!!! I am very sorry you have to go through this, but you are helping so many people!!! Plus, you are beautiful outside & inside which is what matters most!!! This world needs kind people & you both are kind!!!!
Love in your live.
I cried like a baby, love you guys. The bond you have is amazing. xoxo egirl
You are amazing.
Thank you for sharing this journey.  I have been there and won’t been able to share my journey with everyone. 😘
It will grow back better. You look amazing ! Like a model. Hang in there !
The love, real love, that the two of you have for one another is going to get you both through this.  Thank you B for sharing your journey.  I look forward to your video every Sunday as your beautiful light warms my heart.  You are both amazing humans.  Xxoo
I used a lint roller on my head at bedtime because I couldn't stand hair getting in my mouth while sleeping.
Hair or no hair you look beautiful...and to watch the amount of support you are having in your partner is super nice, greetings from Slovakia ♥
I recently had a big mole on my back removed - it was considered a beauty procedure and cost to remove (50 €). You could use the opportunity now as you don't have hair in the way to get your mole removed, too? (edit: should have just watched further first haha) You are amazing for sharing so much of your vulneral moments and I couldn't be more impressed by your strength!
You are beautiful, hair or not and you look like Sinead O'connor with your shaved head. ❤❤❤
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL!! your journey through all this is very inspirational I’m proud of you for all the courage you have shown thus far. Eamon, you are awesome for making sure she’s ok about all the new changes.
You are awesome and beautiful and Eamon is such a good support :)
So vulnerable to show us all of these intimate scary moments. You’re doing so good, keep going. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so beautiful  I am praying for you two  You are amazing
We’re so proud of you Bec, you got this!
Bec, I just wanted to say that you are absolutely the bravest filming this very very hard journey of yours! And you saying your huge fear was loosing your hair remided me of my own fears - when I was 16 I had to go through a heart surgery and in that age my worst nightmare was to have a big scar on my chest. And I actually ended up with one pretty big thanks to keliod scar, but after some time I actually started to feel proud that I survived and that scar was to remind me and then I had a "cool" story to tell, because who has that! Now age 44 even my kids think I´m a superhuman since I had my heart fixed :). Everything is going to be OK, your hair will grow again and you will be even stronger than before! (which will make you super super human :) Sending love from Prague. Lucie
So so beautiful Bec. Stay strong. And embrace those "duvet days" when needed. You are just amazing. And Ehmon, I have been you in this scenario. I see you. I know how hard this is. You are doing a great job! make sure you get the support you need!
freakin' love you both!! y'all are a perfect team
When Eamon said “you don’t need hair for love” i started crying 😭 ❤️  Sending so much love to you both.
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. Hair is just an ornament. It doesn’t define you.
Eamon you are truly the best for Bec! I’m so happy she has so much support in her life while going through this. Bec just know all of us love you and is praying for you ♥️ keep your head up beautiful 🥰
You are so strong!!  Both of you. My husband divorced me in the middle of my breast cancer journey so it is so touching to watch how supportive Eamon is of you and how much he loves you. What a blessing. This journey will be difficult but you will come through the other side even stronger! You are both amazing and your love of life has helped this old lady so much!! You touch lives that you don't even realize...love you both my friends!
💕💖💖
Love you Bec, youre so strong! Also Eamon you're a wonderful partner take care guys!
You are beautiful and strong ❤️
Bec you rock bald soooooo good!!!
Beautiful Lady!
Crying with you 😢.  Praying for good health and healing 🙏 ❤
God bless you i hope you are doing good
Becca, you are brave and strong. Thank you for documenting you journey. I am praying for you.
You are an amazing, strong woman.  PS - your wig should be Gal Sunday ❤️
I understand when my mom got chemotherapy for the first time it due to Brest cancer it was hard for her god bless you
Bec, you are so beautiful and strong and sweet and amazing, and you are gonna get through this feeling stronger than ever and enjoying life even more than before. I’ll be here to follow your future amazing travel adventures. And I really admire Eamon for being such an awesome partner. Truly an inspiration. Lots of hugs from far, far away
Bec Honey you are beautiful in side and out. But I have to tell you that you are Gorgeous with out the hair, your Beautiful face, your Beautiful eyes and Amazing smile!! 😇😇😇😇😇 Sending Love 💕 and Prayers 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Bec, you are radiant and beautiful! The way I see it, you're temporarily rocking the coolest hair style! Your head is perfectly shaped too, so you really pull it off. Soon you'll be cancer free, and your hair will be long and beautiful once again! But until then, keep rockin that beautiful head of yours! Wishing you the best! You are strong and an inspiration!!
Oh my gosh!!! You look on another level beautiful with no hair!!!! I'm shook.
You’re gorgeous without hair!
It must be much easer not living in a van well  dealing with this hope she makes a fast recovery
Oh gorgeous Bec, all phases you look sooooo beautiful, I swear, I never saw any one with a beautiful soul like yours, and your ability to smile whenever a piece of joy is passing by, I decided to cut bangs, just like the ones you had before you shave your hair, as a symbol that soon your bangs will grow again, and we will be bangs buddies :) and also to remind me every time I see them how to catch up on the joy whenever I can just like how gorgeous Bec have always been, Beautiful Emon and Bec, you've been one of a few joys that I wait for every Sunday for more than a year now, which to me have been one of the hardest times (if not the hardest), but I want you to know that you guys helped out a girl thousands of miles away from you through these times, and it's so fascinating to me that you are still able to do that even that you are having the hardest times yourself, love you both so much, plz take care, everything is gonna be OK.   Love, kisses and sunshine from my heart to yours 🌞 :)   Nosiba
❤
You ARE beautiful! But most of all you are both so warm and giving with an inner beauty that’s shines through like the morning sun 🙏 Thank you so much for sharing this journey.
You are sooooooooo beautiful either way!!!!
You are so brave ❤️❤️
Love you guys. You look amazing Bec!
I just adore you both! Sending our love  prayers!
We love you guys!!
Ty Eamon for being you! Continue to be great king!   Many blessings 🙏🏽
Bec I admire you and love ❤️ your love with Eamon.
We love you Bec! You’re amazing and we’re all rooting for you ❤️
Bec and Eamon, no content creator or pair of, has ever touched my heart like you two. you have brought people into my life that i never would have been privileged to watch or experience their lives or travels. from Craig and Aimee, to Lee.  the SECOND Becs voice cracks, i start crying. when you laugh together, i laugh, your love makes me feel love for others and compassion for others on a much deeper level. i think of Lee alot, and i never would have if it werent for you guys. you have brought people together and celebrated the small things and for that, I thank you. i love you guys so much and i just want you to understand the impact you actually have on the world. you mean so much to so many! thank you for being open and real and not just putting the feel good moments out there.
Your strength does not lay in your hair. It isn’t the reason you’re beautiful. Or successful, sexy or cool. More women are rocking a very short to bald look. Long hair is passé and I hope you keep it short. Hugs and cheers from Vancouver eh!
Bec and Eamon stay strong you guys are beautiful inside and out. As a fellow Canadian you should name your 1st wig after one of the wigs on Shits Creek.
You’re beautiful! I’m so impressed with how strong you are! 💕
Love❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏 love you guys!!! Bec, you are beautiful, inside and out 🤗🥰
One of your best videos. Bec, you're beautiful and strong.
I fell in love with you two with your wonderful travel journeys in your van.  I love you guys even more with sharing your present journey with all of us. You are both so brave and wonderful. I am sending you both so much love.
Hi beck you are absolutely beautiful with or without hair. I pray the the HEALING AND LOVING GOD that we both know will take you and Eamon through to great and radient health again GOD bless.
Sweet Bec: Stopping at 11:26 mins in - you look absolutely adorable in your new bob haircut; and, there's something exhilarating after cutting ✂️ one's hair after wearing it long for a lot of years! Ok, back to your video - so proud of you in innumerable ways!   Love from California 🌅  P.S.  Not that this should be a "post script" comment, but I just have to say - that Eamon is simply The Greatest guy, man / partner on the planet; the way he adores, cares for and LOVES you is incredible ... 💞  P.S.S.  I forgot to write you ARE beautiful without hair ... what's most important is just taking good care of yourself, with Eamon's unwavering help, of course ... ❤️
Love you both !!
WE LOVE YOU BEC!!!  ...also, name the wig Francine!! 😂💜💜💜💜💜
You are the best beck and you look really Brave and good I love you’ll soooo much!!!!!!!
I shaved my head when living at a zen monastery. Losing our hair was our last ‘attachment’ that as humans, and especially as women, we use to shield ourselves from distractions….and ultimately ourselves. It’s definitely a shock when all of a sudden there’s no hiding; there’s just….You!  Of course, I had a choice and you don’t…and yet it’s maybe a way of looking at it as an (unwelcome) opportunity? And Holy Hottie!!! 😍 You and Aimee are going to be wigalicious bombshells! The bob is 😍, as is bald!  And another positive, you can be a spy bc you look so different with all options! Thank you for posting; I know it’s not easy, and all of us strangers who love you appreciate you.💕💕💕💕
well gee, you could be a model, hair or not
You are such a strong beautiful person, you can rock any hairstyle. My prayers are with you.
sending love!
My heart breaks for you, my baby.  Praying for peace, and the ability to find joy, in something every day.  You are very brave, even on the days you don’t feel it. Jenn
Everything I wanted to say has been said by this beautiful community. I pray for you guys as often as I can. For Bec’s continued healing and strength and for Eamon’s strength as well. Love you guys! See you someday! 💛💛💛💛
Eamon and Bec, I know that I am complete stranger to you guys but you are both so so strong. Bec you look amazing with the shaved head!! And Eamon you are being such a supportive rock. You guys are the couple I look up to xxx Sending love <3 xx
❤️
Bec! Your a smoke show with short hair! 😍 I genuinely think you look stunning & incredible with your hair short.  The reassurance you needed from Eamon proves how much you two love & care for each other , you two are so meant for one another ❤️
"I wore it cause its Lee's sweater and I wanted to feel strong" BROKE me
So beautiful Bec 💕 send love and positivity!
You really are such a radiating beauty Bec, from the inside out. Sending you both love, and keep rocking that bald head with pride and confidence, it's just a reminder of your strength xx
rip bec
You are amazing Bec! Keep pushing, keep strong:)
You're so beautiful Bec inside and out, with or without hair.. remember that!
Beautiful with or without hair!  It’s tough I know, I have been there.  The main thing is to stay strong, healthy & positive & then kick that damn cancer in the rear!  Prayers to you both!
Bec I have a third brain too! In the same area that you do. I have always been a little self conscious about it as well, but its just a little mole.You have millions of people rooting for you. Thank you for sharing these difficult times with us. Sending love <3
I understand how you feel, I have reproductive cancer and have been following you since I saw the videos of you two with kera and nate. I'm so sorry about this, but you got this. You are a strong woman. 💪 Go G I Jane. So glad you have such a strong friend and partner in him. So blessed
Your Beautiful Bec… your hair is ONLY HAIR … (crying with you) Don’t let it Define You!  it will eventually grow back …     You actually look pretty Sexy with no hair 🥰 Eamon your the best ❤️!
Bec your beautiful with or without hair, Amen your a top bloke xx
You look like Charlize Theron in Mad max, one epic badass!!
This brought back many memories of the day I shaved my wife's head when she went through chemo two years ago. You're doing great Bec, and Eamon too. I shaved my head the same day and we didn't set foot in a hairdressers until she had enough back to style. A crazy time to go through. You look fantastic Bec, you've definitely got this. Best wishes from a random UK bloke.
You are so strong love ❤️  you are going threw such a rough stage in life but your are rocking it out like a pro girl ! I'm so happy that you feel so good now bald Judy seeing you so happy at the end of this video gave me tears of joy ! And I'm so glad you have such h a good support system cause that is the most important part ! Stay strong love and remember you are always beautiful no matter your looks ❤️
Oh my goodness! Bec you look insanely awesome!! I'm not just saying that. You are pretty just the way you are as a person and now without your hair you are shining brighter than ever!! You ARE beautiful!  Plus Eamon... you are amazing! Rocking through it with Bec being such an awesome support system. You have my respect!! Thank you so so much for taking such great care of Bec and being the absolut best!  Love you guys 🥰❤️
Love your room guys. Bec you look great.
You guys are so amazing! If you have a minute there's a song by Brett Kissel (country, I know, but still good) called "I Didn't Fall In Love With Your Hair". It was stuck in my head the entire time I watched your video. Prayers and good vibes going your way!
We have the same makeup bag but i keep my essential oils in mine at my work so now i will always think about you, Bec, whenever i see that bag💕
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I cried with you today. You are beautiful both inside and out and don't ever forget that. Love you both.
Bec you look incredibly beautiful without any hair, honestly!!!  Believe Eamon, he´s being honest and so are we! God bless you!
Bec!! You are gorgeous! Bald is your superpower. Thank you for sharing and keep your light bright! ♥️
Wig name idea "TrinLee" I love all your videos and usually don't comment but I love that you are sharing this journey, watching someone go through something like this with the ups and downs is hard on your own so thank you for this!
Bec, you are totally beautiful,you look gorgeous with a Bob and totally stunning with shaved hair! An inspiration to so many by sharing your journey. Eamon, you are so right about having a rad community of over 1 million subs. We send our love to both of you ♥️ and Oso too xxx
You got this sweetie, it is true, You are a beautiful looking young woman xxxx🇬🇧 p.s Eamon is the best medicine for you Bec xx by the way you have a lovely shaped head,
stay strong 😘 p.s. pulling the short hair look
You are absolutely Beautiful!!?  That is so not true, I've always loved, n appreciated a bob bcuz it shows ur beautiful face n bone structure! Prayers to you n God Bless!
We love you both Eamon and Bec!
loved the bob, and the shaved head! You are both brave and beautiful! ❤️
We are the lucky ones to have you in our lives! I am so amazed at your positive outlook and I can say it honestly helps me in everyday life struggles. I am always praying for you both XOXOXO! Much Love from New Jersey!!!
So beautiful!
Sending love and support. XOXO
I can’t find the words I want right now, because I can’t stop crying. The idea of you mixing your hair with Eamon’s to make a wig just about finished me. I didn’t expect to go on this journey with you, but I’m feeling so grateful that I am. I just love you guys. That is all.
Oh my goodness Bec  got the perfect  head
Look at yourself in the mirror of your beloveds eyes. They are far kinder and more accurate than the bit of glass and metal that is hung on your bathroom wall.
You are such a beautiful person, inside and out.  I cried with you when  you were shaving your hair,  I could just imagine the emotions that you were going through.  But like I said, you are such a beautiful person, with or without hair.  You have a wonderful partner to help you through all of this, and he is going through all of this with you.  I love you both and I hope that things will get a lot easier for you.
You are amazing…And absolutely beautiful! Prayers for you on this journey!
The love that I have in my heart for you is unbelievable. I shared in tears with you from a million miles away. You are both so strong and such an inspiration in this very very tough life we live.
Please let her cry sometimes.   Sometimes we just need 5 or 10 minutes to lose our shit before we can be strong again. 💕
My gosh guys, Bec you are so strong and such an exemple and Eamon….what a partner you are. Seriously guys, you are amazing. Sending you all the love and sunshine 💖
You are incredible Bec! Lots of love from France 🥰
My prayers are with you all the time Bec.  You are one strong woman.
Thank you for your vulnerability in showing yourself at a devastating moment in your life and at your triumph and courage following that. You and Eamon will be well equipped to face whatever challenges are to come.  Blessings and love to you both.
As a survivor of breast cancer I am sending u such freakin hugs 😘
Beautiful
Bec, he is not just saying that. You look amazing. You have such a strong and outgoing spirit. That is what we all see. Your hair was just decoration. Honestly, we just see more of that woman now. You are so loved.
You are both such an inspiration...love hugs and prayers...
You look AMAZING bald! BEAUTIFUL!!!!  I don’t think I have seen a person more beautiful and bald than you!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
'I am bald and I am beautiful.' YES! You are beautiful! And you look super cute with a beanie. I'm praying for you both 🙏
You are both beautiful inside and out. Anyone who says differently is dead inside. You are an inspiration. You are what strength and courage look like. I'll keep you both in my prayers.
You are beautiful women Bec💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
G.I. Jane movie with Demi Moore vibes-probably too young to remember…. but Demi was a bad ass in that movie-and you are going to kick cancers ass! I think she even went to awards shows with bald head and she rocked it!!!
The cute little plant holder representing hair growing back is possibly the most thoughtful sweetest present I've ever seen 😭❤️ you all are adorable. Cannot wait to see all this behind you and brighter sunny days ahead. After difficulty comes ease ❤️ you are so strong sharing such vulnerable moments and helping so many by doing so
Can I just say how RAD you are Bec!! I am in awe of your courage and the light you radiate!! You rock literally ANY look! I respect how much both of you support and honor each other❤ thank you for sharing these moments, from the lows to the triumphs! Much love!😘
I’ve never seen such a beautiful woman inside and out. Seriously. And what a beautiful partnership y’all have. Just in awe.
Love to follow your journey. Crying and laughing with you. ♥️♥️
I've said to before and Ill say it again. I find you partnership and support for each other beautiful. Bec, we see your strength and beauty (along with Eamon) and I wanted to thank you for sharing your journey. My mom is a survivor and the strength is amazing.
I feel so privileged that you are sharing this journey with us! Thank you for your honesty and vulnerability.   Every video I am so grateful that you have your amazing cabin and are not going through this journey in a van!
Watching this absolutely broke my heart. But I am so damn proud of you for sharing your story!!!  You are both amazing human beings and I send you good vibes. Lots of love xxx
Beauty at its finest’ keep thriving bec
If you haven't already please get Bec a soil moisture meter for her plants 🥰 she can show them love with misting instead of watering.
Have a beutiful day everyone! ❤ sending love to everyone
Thank you for sharing your cancer story. <3 You look amazing Bec! Wish you both the best! :)
Just want to say how amazing you are and you look beautiful without hair ❤
Eamon, why don't you shave your head, also?
You are both so beautiful and full of positivity.  My partner is also going through chemo for stage IV gastrointestinal cancer.  It has been such a blessing to me to be able to watch you two going through something similar.  My thoughts and prayers are with you for a position outcome and a long and full life together. 💕
You guys are amazing!
You're so beautiful, Bec! <3
Bec you’re the most beautiful person and so brave to take us all on this journey with you. I will continue to send love and healing prayers, prayers for strength, prayers for joy and hope, prayers for calm and rest.
You're just cute, period...Hair or no hair. So many of us love you and Eamon and now, Oso. 🙏❤❤❤
I went through treatment for breast cancer 11 years ago. My baldness became my badge of courage. Cancer didn’t take away my hair. My willingness to fight did. My hair would come back, but cancer would not. Being bald was my temporary art project. I actually miss it in some ways. Showers and getting ready were so much easier and faster. No shaving for months on end. No time wasted on hair styling. I could be edgy and free by going bald or quickly choose a wig, scarf, hat, bandana, … I hope you have a chance to swim while bald. It feels so silky and magical. I have my hair back, but find that I actually miss the ease and freedom of being bald sometimes. This is a season of incredibly hard things for both of you sprinkled with bits of goodness. Hunker down for the hard and feel the sadness, fear, and anger. Be on the lookout for the bits of goodness, beauty, and humorous strangeness during this time. They have the ability to ease the road you’re on when it gets tough. I wish you both all the best.
So brave and so beautiful! Big hugs. Praying and sending positive thoughts to you both!
Wish I could post a picture of what my sister did after she lost all her hair. We took her to someone to henna her head and she looked so pretty walking out there into a shopping mall. You such a strong woman. Proud of you.  All the way from South Africa.
Wauw. Well whether or not circumstances had you shave your head...it doesn´t take away from the fact THAT YOU LOOK ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!!!
We are all here for you. You can do this. You both can do this. Im so glad you mentioned Lee too. Strong and you beautiful
I love you guys
Love you guys
You’re strong and beautiful and your love and support of one another is inspiring . Sending lots of love your way :’)
You look Stunning, God bless❣
No words just 🌹🌹🌹❤️❤️❤️
Bec your hair doesn't define you.  You are a beautiful person inside and out, hair or no hair!  Do you realize what an inspiration you are to other women going through the same struggle as you?  Maybe you two should be planning your next adventures, and a wedding so you have a lot to do as soon as chemo is done.
beautiful bec!! 💛✨
What an inspiring couple you are.  Love to you both.
You two are a strong couple! Bec you look beautiful with and without hair. Thank you for posting the video,s going through this journey. Will be helpful for many people going through the same.❤️
I lost my hair to cancer last year. It’s so hard. But I did get used to it quickly. It was actually nice to not have to fix your hair while you feel like crap. Keep moving as much as you can, you’re doing great! 💕 I’m on the other side of cancer now and there are better days ahead!
Bec wow you look gorgeous , beautiful and sexy bald. Stay strong you're gonna kick this stuff's Ass . Congratulations on the 1,000,000 🎉I can say I watched the live 100,000 party you had now a million. As always stay safe stay strong stay healthy God bless and enjoy life. PS you're simply beautiful ✌✌💖💪🎅🚌🌻👍
You both are so amazing and strong. Thank you so much.
You are Beautiful! My sister went through losing her hair from chemo and she said just embrace it as a new look. Her hair grew back thicker and with more body.
You look like eleven in stranger things. Very cool!
You are an awesome woman and Eamon is so wonderful! You will both be the best mommy and daddy! Bec, you GLOW with beauty! Hair is only an accessory for you.
You are strong, you can make it through this
You know, I have always thought the most beautiful thing about people is their smile. You have a beautiful smile Bec and you always look STUNNING! You are a warrior who is gonna come back twice as strong - just take it one day at a time and remember we'll always be here :)
My heart just breaks for her.. she's always been so vibrant and beautiful. And she still is. All the hair or no hair,  you will always be a light. Shine bright baby. You got this.
i hate to see your beautiful hair gone, but you so cute it's hardly noticeable. my dear wife went through the same thing, losing her hair was extremely difficult. God bless you and best wishes.
💗 to you and Eamon
Bec, you are such a strong and beautiful soul and you are shining your light brighter than ever! You don’t even know me but I am so so proud of you!!! Keep holding onto each other ❤️
❤️♥️
You are so brave, i wish you well, all the love from Morocco 🇲🇦 🤍
Seriously...not everyone can rock a bald head...you definitely can!!!!
The shot of Eamon in the bathroom with the bangs ... he looks dead ringer for the guitarist for Khruangbin ...google it. Sending love to both of you!
Praying for you both. As my Grandmaw says let go and let God! You’re gorgeous!
Hi Eamon and Bec. Bec ,you simply beautiful inside out , you both  are full of strength and positivity  and courage , Eamon you are the best partner ever  .Bec you will over come this soon   . Sending love, hugs ,best wishes and prayers for both of you and  full healing  . Take care buds. Sending love from Barbados 🇧🇧
Genuine bec is one of the most beautiful women inside and out, the shaved head only adds-it’s really a great look!
You're a warrior woman... Fighting your battle with"C" it's an honor that you're sharing this with us..God speed...🍀
🤍🤍🤍
And how beautiful you are
I was crying right along with you Bec. Thank you for sharing your story with all of us 💗 Sending healing energy to you and Eamon as you walk through this together.  P.s. I bought your first cookbook and made the cream curry. It was AMAZING! 👍 👍
Emon I love ya dude ur such a great man with strong mental and shout out to bec we love you both peace and love ✌
I’ve been thinking about you both.  So glad to see you today.  Sending love and hugs.
YOU GUYS ARE WARRIORS AND YOU ROCK!  GOD BLESS!
you're strength is incredible! you both are amazing!
Gorgeous as ever 😘
you are soooooooooooooo beautiful bec
thank u for sharing, you a warrior 💚💚💚
Bec. Words cannot express how inspirational you are despite what you are currently going through. You are a very strong lady with the most amazing support team in your lovely other half, family and friends. And you really rock the sigourney weaver alien look! Lots of love, virtual hugs and support to you xxx
Wow you look beautiful with a Bob and bald!!! Amazing!!!
Allowing this to be seen by the World Bec is very brave but it also theraputic for you. Remember some of the Worlds most beautiful women and models choose to be bald. In all honesty I think you look stunning and I would suggest that you find a professional photographer and have a photo shoot done. Keep going, you're doing just fine. Cheers, Bob
Amazing couple both patient and carer. God be with you sending healing hugs and love!
It's ok to be so upset. It isn't just hair. It's everything you have lost, the pain you have felt, and having to put your life on hold to fight. So you should grieve through this process and that doesn't make you less strong or less able to beat cancer. It just makes you human 🤍
Omg you look amazing. Bald wig…and i was a hairdresser. Some can’t look amazing bald…but gotta say omg truly….you have the perfect shape of head to look bald. Your gorgeous truly ❤️❤️❤️❤️sending love your truly a strong beautiful woman ❤️
Bec, you're so hot bald !!!! Love you guys....
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I cryed with you Bec :(. I'll have to go through the same one day (got diagnosis of blood cancer called MDS three weeks ago) and it helps me to see the process of hairloss with chemo. I have hair trauma from childhood and I'm really attached to my long hair. I'm waiting that part with fear. Somehow it's nice to have time (perhaps a few years) to mentally process everything but then I also have to live with those fears and wait the time I will be sick enough to get chemo and stemcell transplant. Thank you for sharing your cancer journey!
❤️❤️❤️
Eamon you shave too and keep her company
I think the wig is a Delilah
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL & STRONG! I LIKE YOU SO MUCH <3
You look beautiful bald ❤️❤️❤️✨✨👑🌷🌷
You are so beautiful 😍 with or without hair. We love you guys! Many blessings! 💞
Bec you are beautiful inside and out. Eamon  loves you so much, and i'm glad to watch the both of your journey through this situation. keep smiling
I am so happy that you have this beautiful community to uplift and support you both through this journey. Never forget that it is okay to not always be okay. Much love and support xoxo!
Thank you for sharing, Prayers for You and Eamon.... You look great.
We love you!!!!
Sending love and prayers❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
I love you very much!
I am going to give you my saying I tell my daughters every time we hang up the phone,”I love you ALL the days”…..
You are both amazing and thanks for the bravery of sharing this journey.
You are beautiful with or without hair. Your beauty is not defined by your hair but by who you are.
I am telling you guys, you have nothing to thank us for but we all ow you guys a huge gratitude for this huge gift you’re offering us changing our lives and bringing us all so much love, faith, joy and courage!! I have no words to thank you enough !!! ♥️💖♥️💖♥️💖 And also you are soooooo gorgeous with that new hairstyle I swear it’s even more beautiful then before although you have always been a true beauty 🌈🙌 Love you both !!
Bec, you’re amazing. ❤️
PS. Eamon you are being an amazing supporter I am so proud of you keep up the amazing work! I want you to close your eyes and imagine your tribe around you cheering you on because that's what we're doing we may not be there in our physical forms but we are all here for y'all sending lots of love from Jacksonville Florida!
I realize that the validation from a stranger probably has little to no effect on your self love, but I just wanted to say thank you for being so strong and sharing this really tough journey with all of us. Thousands and thousands of people a year go through this alone and are completely terrified but tell nobody that they are struggling and your bravery and vulnerability are the most beautiful things about you! Also doesn't hurt that you're physically beautiful but that isn't what defines you as a person the same way your character does, and you my beautiful stranger are quite possibly the most gorgeous human being on the internet!
Holy moly!  Bec   I cannot believe what a huge inspiration you are.  You’re such an incredible person and sharing such vulnerable part of your life to help benefit other people is so incredibly selfless  I’m just in awe   Your positive attitude along with Aemons is beyond compare Way to go you guys and thanks for sharing  🥰
Love ypu!! Guys!! Beccasrrong!!
Bec you look incredible bald!!!! So so cute! And also that wig and hat holy cow 😍!
🥰🇨🇦
Love you two. Thank you for sharing your journey. ❤️
Makes me sad to see Bec cry but she’s so beautiful inside and out! Stay strong ❤️
You look very French to me. I like the short hair. My assistant in the buying office in a very large furniture store that I worked in for years had breast cancer and lost her hair. It all grew back and I think looked better. You will be fine! Throw all the good karma out to the universe as we who watch are doing for you. Have faith.
I absolutely love how supportive Eamon is!! That man loves you!! You look amazing 🤩 don’t let any trolls tell you otherwise!!!! Love you guys, stay strong Bec!!!
Eamon told you the truth. You are beautiful. Some people have the right face and shape for it.  You do.
Eamon you are absolutely the best!!! The support you are giving Bec is incredible!🙏❤️
BEC YOU LOOK SO EDGY AND COOL BALD!!!!! I fucking love it 🤩😍  And yes, you guys have made quite the rad place on the internet. Truly no where else I’d rather be on a Sunday morning. Starting with you guys just puts so much fire inside of me to just get up and enjoy life in whatever way possible. So happy to see your smiling faces! Seriously love you guys! 💖
Thank you for inviting us on this journey! You are gorgeous!! Sending hugs and prayers to you guys! 🙏❤️🙏
In my own breast cancer journey, which started July 2021, the day I had shave my head was hard. I didn’t mind cutting the bob, I’ve had one before, but the night my husband shaved my head I just bawled. Now my hair has started coming in, to the point that as long as it isn’t cold I don’t even wear a hat out and about. I made the decision to not get a wig and just embrace it.  On another note isn’t it funny how your other hair falls out in chunks?! I mean you get that it’s going to fall out too, but for whatever reason I found that when it just started coming out in handfuls to be extremely comical.
Sending you both so much love! You're both the strongest, most amazing people.
Milly Bobbie Brown!!! 💜💜💜💜🤍
Your are beautiful....much prayers 🙏 ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
I really appreciate how open authentically vulnerable you are. I think you’re really helping a lot of people going through the same. You’re such a beautiful soul Bec♥️and Eamon, how you are staying so strong and positive being the rock, you’re a good man! I wish you all the healing and love. Sending good vibes to both of you☮️❤️🙂
Bec youre gorgeous, no matter whats on your head!! Hey Emmon, lightbulb...shave yours as well!! #solidarity!
I have cried and laughed watching this video, you are beautiful with and without hair. Sending you both lots of love and positive thoughts.
Looking beautiful Bec! Sending hugs xxxx
So good to see you guys today..
Beautiful and fabulous Bec Sending hugs, courage and strength from Orlando, FL Sandra
Bec, you are so beautiful, hair or no hair.  Sending positive vibes to you and Eamon. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thinking of you Bec. Eamon you are such a wonderful partner.
Honey you would look great in burlap, the hair loss is temporary and you will soon be great again.
Million hearts ♥️ ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️ For you from your subscribers
Love you guys, stay strong ! I pray for you every day.
You're such a beautiful woman, with or without hair.
السلام عليكم انا ياسين من  المغرب هدا امتحان من الله وما عليكم الا الصبر والايمان بالقدر خيره وشره و ارجوا من العلي القدير ان يشفيها بشفائه شفاءا لا يغادر سقما
Nothing but love for you! Thank you for taking us on the incredibly personal journey, you inspire me everyday xx
I suggest the name Ele (an anagram for Lee). 😘❣
Not only you’re beautiful on the inside and the outside, but as well so brave and tough. You guys are superheros absolutely smashing it 💪🏻 I’m sending you a virtual plant 🌱 cause maybe the thought that all of your supporters are doing this and you guys sit in your jungle full of sunshine surrounded by all of the people who believe in you is such a nice picture to build. Sending you a big hug ☀️
Bec your beautiful inside and out to, strong an brave your both amazing x sending hugs x
so  amazing to see you guys  hanging in there  ....
Sending love from Oklahoma,  USA.
Eamon, would you consider going bald together???
I love you guys so much! Feel like I know you. Prayers for you both! You’re the best!!! Happy healing!!!
Thank you for sharing.
I think you are so beautiful...inside and out...both of you
We are here with you. Feel our light; our prayers; our love. As winter makes way for spring, we are holding you in love. Thousands are standing with you. We are your global community calling for your highest good; your happiness; your wholeness. I’m so grateful to be here. Love you buddy.
Keep fighting Bec 🙏🏼👊🏼
Your haircut brought out such a cuteness about you.  You are beautiful with or without hair. It doesn’t make you the person you are that comes from with in, and Bec YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL.
****** HUGS ******
Eamon is wow! The bravery to endure this with Bec with so much compassion and love for Bec ❤️❤️ wow just wow. Both of you are amazing. Sending love and healing!!
Love you both! Thank you for sharing your journey!
Awwwww Bec, I’m crying along with you! This was such a powerful post, you will be helping so many others with this, big hugs from Me in BC! 🤗
You look amazing!! 🤩 And you are amazing!! 👏 ❤️
Stunningly beautiful with or without hair and Eamon is a rock. Love to both of you guys x
Sending big hugs. You looks gorgeous with and without hair - keep being awesome xx
A beautiful soul is a beautiful soul both of you that's why we watch and follow stay strong sending you both the biggest hugs and love 🤗💗💓
You are so beautiful! I’m keeping you both in my thoughts and sending good energy your way❤️
You are so beautiful Bec!!! Stay strong love!! 💖
Eamon is the best, I am crying with you then he cracks a joke.  You are beautiful and strong!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
What a brave young lady you are.  I'm so glad i've come across your channel.  God bless you.  I pray everything goes as well as could be.  Eamon the way you keep supporting your lady is very inspiring.
💟💟💟💟💟
I always thought Bec was pretty, but damn she is gorgeous without hair!  Such a tough way to find this out, but without her hair you can truly see every beautiful feature. Sending all of the loving and healing vibes 💕🙏💕🙏💕🙏💕
Eamon, you’re a gem!! Bec, you ARE a ray of sunshine!! Love and strength to you both!!
Bec, you are such a  sweet and wonderful soul!  Your strength and vulnerability are beautiful, and you look gorgeous! Thank you for sharing  this journey with us.
God bec if I was 20 yrs younger !!!
Oh my goodness gracious Bec. I wish that I could come all the way to Canada from Florida and give you the biggest hug you are amazing or strong and you can do this! I went through a process of losing almost all of my hair also and it was really hard I definitely understand where you're coming from but just know you're going come out even stronger! I'm so proud of you and I want you to get this shit!!!!! Sending you hugs and lots of love
Strong women who have a strong partner beside them rock. You are strong, Bec! NEVER forget that. It is just hair. You are young. It WILL grow back after chemo. My friend went through chemo for breast cancer two years ago. Her hair is even more beautiful now. Hang in there, sweetie. You got this! 💗💪🏻 (And Aimee can give you wig suggestions in the interim. )
Bec, You handled Cutting, Shaving & losing your Hair like the Bad Ass Survivor Warrior YOU ARE❤😘 I may not be a Breast Cancer Survivor, I am a Stroke Survivor though Us " Survivors" stick together! Eamon, You truly are an Amazing Man❤ I am Praying for you ALL & Kara from Kara & Nate, has a loving supportive gesture for Bec, in their latest Video.  Blessings & Love to ALL,  Piper
Your beautiful Bec. You are an amazing woman. Sending so much love and hugs.. you are in my prayers.
Thanks for sharing your journey ♥️ You are such beautiful human beings and we’re honored to be a witness to your journey. Sending so much love to you from San Diego - Josh + Erinn 🌈💕☀️
the bob looked so awesome omg!! bec you are beyond strong and just so gorgeous!
I think Bec looks awesome and kick ass with a shaved head! You're so much stronger than you know Bec!
Your beauty shines through sweetie! You are a warrior and I am cheering you on each and every day!
LOVE YOU GUYS!!
You are amazing couple. I truly feel that you have something special 💛. Stay safe and you'll get through this
You are so beautiful Bec inside and out and you rock the no hair. Eamon you are such a supportive and caring partner. I think you should cut your hair off too?
You look so good Bec! Those gold earrings you have on stand out so much and make you look so cool! It'd be fun to see you explore some funky earrings maybe! I also love the plant pot choice! The plant definitely needs a name!
You’ll be okay! I promise I had to shave my head when I was nine! But it’s grown so nicely
Sending all the love and strength!
Bec you look absolutely so gorgeous bald and you are really rocking the look 😍 I also think that it's the first time you really get to see actually just how beautiful are... your light shines so bright from within.  Eamon, you are an amazing husband...you are so loving, caring, supportive and I think a true rock for Bec. A lot of the times people forget about the  carer (be it husband/wife/partner/parent etc.) that is also going through their own stuff coming to terms with what your loved one is going through. Remember to take care of yourself too as you need your bucket full to be able to be such an amazing and wonderful support system for Bec as you have been. The two of you are so special and you make such a great team. Thank you Bec and Eamon for sharing your life journey with us. Sending prayers, love and so much healing light your way🌟
Bec you are beautiful and it's not your hair it's you from that smile to that wonderful kind heart.  You are a beautiful soul.  You hair will grow back but your beauty will never fade.
GO BEC GO BEC GO BEC GO!!!!!!
Oh and I didn't say it's perfectly fine to feel feeling is good
I love you guys so much and my heart and tears go out to you guys. YOU ARE STRONG AND YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Charlize in Mad Max Fury Road's got nothin' on you girl! Sending lots of love and sunshine from Ojai, California. <3
Keep up the good spirit and thank you for sharing
Watching you from Nairobi Kenya. You really do look good bald Bec. Get well soon.
Not to make light of something I know all too familiar that front mohawk might actually be a future look you should try out. Thank you Guys for being inspirational
You look like the girl from stranger things, wosh you health
You look beautiful
Bec you are amazinggg and sooo beautiful. Try makeup to experiment a little but you really don’t need it your smile and eyes are just incredible.btw I love Eamon tooo❤️❤️❤️❤️
Woohooo one million!  I didn't even notice.  I think about Lee too.  I miss her.  :(
Eamon, it's so great that you can be home full time for Bec. I know the channel takes a lot of work, but you can do it from home. Best partner either! Love you guys, life has its challenges.
Maggs
A raw and amazing video you are so brave to share. Women are deeply dependent on our hair to feel beautiful and I hope you help so many people going through the same things you are. My biggest worry is staying warm. I'm in Minneapolis so I know how important my hair is in staying warm! Also, Eamon is crazy awesome and I hope he knows we notice how caring he is. You both amaze me.
Nothing but ❤️❤️for you both, thank you
You look beautiful! 😍
I had tears in my eyes for you Bec.  So much love coming your way as you continue your journey.
When someone is as beautiful as you, you don't see hair, you just see beauty ! Your beautiful and you are a beauty ! 💗💓💞💕❤‍🩹💫💝
My favorite Canadians.... Eamon and Bec.. 1st let me say thank you for sharing your life. Bec you are beautiful beyond words. With long,short, or even bald. Gorgeous looks and gorgeous personality. You are both champions in my book and I can't wait for the next great chapter in your lives. Thank you to you both and god bless..
Hi Bec. Oncology specialist nurse here. You look amazing. Take care when washing your face, specially eye and eye brow, so that way you won't loose your brows or lashes. Sometimes it does not work, but that's never a problem to be gentle with ourselves.
I think you are really brave sharing your journey with all the emotions, you guys are so strong and fighting this together! Sending All the love!
Man.  You guys are just a blessing to everyone.  This gives me strength.  ❤️❤️
Hey bec , my name is Bre-Ann and in October of 2019 I was about to turn 40 and was Diagnosed with stage four cervical cancer that has spread to my lymph nodes. I was scared shitless lol , at that time they gave me a year to live , I did 25 rounds of radiation therapy and 4 round of internal radiation and 3 rounds of chemo treatment before having to stop chemo due it killing my blood , with made it that I needed blood transfusion after each chemo treatment, I’m also in Ontario I received my treatment in At the Oshawa cancer centre. Not sure my point of commenting but I just wanted you to know that your not alone and if you ever wanted to reach out, I’d love to chat .  Don’t forget your brave, beautiful and a fighter . Xox
Goodness..love you Bec...and love Eamon & Bec! My favorite YouTube couple! You're a power couple! You both amaze me ❤❤
Love ur new hair cut. It will grow back.
You look like Elle from Stranger Things.  You look badass!!
Ohhhh my goodness! You are such an inspiration to us all. I cried right along with you. I felt your pain throughout this video. Then to see you stay so positive at the end. WOW!!! You are in my thoughts and prayers! You are both so awesome! Beautiful lady, beautiful spirit, beautiful soul ❤️
Big hugs to you girlie!!!! Thank you for being so open and sharing.  You are MORE than beautiful inside and out. Keep your chin up…. You got this!!!!!
just  paused the video to just say i love you both  very much and Bec you are so inspiring and such a brave soul ,stay strong beautiful ... and Eamon i am glad she has a partner as caring and as loving as you ....stay strong i will keep praying for you❤❤
Eamon could do a siiiick Moist Critikal impression with that wig hahaha anyways, sending love to you all through this hard time!!
So glad to see Function of Beauty’s sponsorship! I subscribed to them based on your recommendation last year and LOVE them!!! Your hair IS beautiful and strong and as it grows back you’ll be able to experiment with so many cute haircuts? Thank you for sharing your journey.
You really do look great bald!!! 🤍
You’re so so beautiful and amazing Bec!! 💛
I sobbed the entire time watching this video. You look absolutely beautiful Bec. Eamon is the supportive partner we all want.  Sending BOTH of you ALL the love and positive energy ♥️
You’re a real one, Bec.  Absolute legend.
You are beautiful, your beauty shines through your smile 😊
Thank you for being you......you give me strength to go through what I am going through, thankyou Becs
So much love for you both! Bec, you are a beautiful human being, so kind, so positive. Your journey is strong and I feel grateful to be able to support you even from afar. You are rocking the bald head, you look stunning! 😘
I love the short do! It's stunning and so sophisticated!. And I name the long wig Anastasia. If you get a short one in your hair color, I name that Thalia. The bob looks like a Thalia.   Eamon, please stop telling her she looks sick. I get that it's slang for awesome, but right now, you just need to use a different word for awhile, ok? You could see the sadness brim up on her face every time you said it. She isn't hearing 'awesome' when you say it right now even though she knows what you mean, her mind twists it without her control. Hugs.   Bec, think about all the movies you watched where a woman was bald and badass, kicking ass, fighting the bad guys, and winning. That's what you are doing right now. They didn't care what they looked like, they were just badass fighters getting the job done. They were so damn sexy. That's you right now. Badass fighter and sexy while doing it. Hair was holding you back and getting in the way of that win, so good riddens, seeya later, get the job done, and enjoy that win. Hair isn't the priority so wear that bald like the battle armor it is and go get that win. You got this. Hugs.  Demi Moore, GI Jane: Cate Blanchette, Heaven: Sigourney Weaver, Alien 3: Charlize Theron, Mad Max: Natalie Portman, V for Vendetta
Eamon should shave his head out of solidarity.
"It'll always grow back" looking at the pot with glasses. Shush I'm not crying your crying!!!! Also I had a little lump on my head too!! Mine we called "Ze Nubbin" and I was so freaking self-conscious of it for like 10 years of my life and then a dermatologist removed it in less than 5 minutes.
Bec you are so brave !!! And sharing this makes you a Warrior! You do look beautiful!
I remember vividly pulling my beard out of my face.
So happy you're embracing this part of the journey. You looked beautiful in all the hairstyles you rocked throughout this video. So many of us are fighting internal battles daily and need someone to see them. I hope you can view this as wearing the battle you're fighting with pride and courage! All my love 💕
You both are the most beautiful you’ve ever been. Your love and empathy for each other, your courage and wisdom… You two deserve the world. And Bec, damn it, you are so stinking hot bald wtf?! Seriously, you are gorgeous! And that wig is so you! Love you two so much 🙏💚
💛💛💛💛💛
I cried this whole video with you💜 we love you bec ! You are so beautiful inside and out !
Not me crying over a gifted plant… so proud of Bec. You are incredibly strong. Sending all my love & positivity ✨
💖
Bec, you are so beautiful and such a big inspiration. Your guy's videos are so comforting to watch. love ya, stay strong. <3
🥰❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
🙏🇹🇹❤️
Bec you look great every way! Luv your smile!
Eamon is so wonderful with Beantiful Bec... Eamon, shave yours too...??
You look beautiful love from Norway
Love you so so much Bec!! You are rockin having no hair!! And when you put that wig on it felt like I was thrown back a few years. It looks stunning, you are stunning. Keep keeping on ❤️❤️
You both are so strong and amazing! Bec, you are handling this beautifully, with strength and courage. Eamon, what a wonderful support system you are!
You do look cute bald  ...remember  senead  oconner  she looked  better without  her hair it brings out  the features
You look powerful,. Ripley from Alien is worried, a new film coming?  There's far too much pressure within vanity, and it's not just humanity, even animals suffer.  You rock the look! My old man rocked it when he went through the hellish treatment.  Keep smiling, and keep listening to Eamon, who should shave shave his head too.
I love watching your videos and I’m thinking about you through this time of your life stay strong and keep up the good work
This was one hard video to watch, but I remember going through this in 2006 with chemo. I too, loved my long curly locks, and dreaded the shaving just like you. I ended up rocking the bald look, which showed off the scars from stitches in my head, which also made me self-conscious . But the feeling of losing your hair, your identity, I went through this exact thing Bec. I feel for you.  One note though, when the hair does come back, it usually comes back darker and curlier. Gray hairs seemed to disappear entirely. So there's that.  Bec, you've got this kiddo. Thousands of people care deeply about you. Be kind to yourself during this time, for it is only temporary. Namaste!
The most beautiful video ❤️❤️
Eamon is right the bald look really suits you! You really do look amazing 😍
Huge hugs. I can't tell you how many memories this brings back for me.  The emotions of losing your hair are real.   Your amazing attitude and love for one another are inspiring.  Hugs
You are beautiful Bec!
When you talked about the Universe getting you the exact wig, I thought of your sweet angel Lee (who no doubt is championing you each step of this journey) And man.... this video is another reveal of your deep beauty. Bless you both.
Praying for a beautiful lady!  God bless you!
Bec, you are amazing, strong and brave. I’m praying for you. ❤️ thank you for sharing you journey. Many women walk through this with you and after and your spirit is a source of strength to them.  You are such a beautiful person and it makes me smile when I see you smile and cry when I see you cry.  Hugs to you both. ❤️
You And Eamon ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!!! Thank you for sharing your Strengths and Weaknesses going through this journey in your lives.  You, Bec, are such an inspiration for anyone going through what you are going through.  Eamon is such an inspiration for any Partner sharing in this experience with you.  God Bless you Both! 🙏❤️
Wow, you really rock the bald head very well!
Congrats on you 1 million! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
My prayers  are with you you are simply beautiful  hair or no hair
You look gorgeous bald - your face shape really suits it. Beautiful and moving video…
You are beautiful! Believe it ❤
“You don’t need hair for love.” Beautiful, loving people.❤️❤️
lotsa love to you and amen, uguys are in our prayers 🙏🏽
You are beautiful, inside and out, hair or no hair, and together, you are a beautiful couple.  I wish you all the best. I have not been to a salon since about a month before covid started and now my hair is super long. When I finally do go in to have it cut, I'm going to donate it in your honor, Bec.  Sending prayers of healing and comfort and joy your way.
❤️🇨🇦❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You’re now a member of the Beautiful, Brave & Badass Bald Club! Your membership card will arrive in 7-10 business days 💌 😉   I’ve been bald 3 times to combat a disorder at ages 15, 17, and 22, and the experience helped liberate me from the societal pressure and conditioning that a woman’s beauty is defined by their hair- or as you’ve put it, growing up with much of your identity being based around your hair.  At 32, I have long hair for the first time in my life. When I see a bald woman from either illness, disorder, or personal style, I just want to hype them up for being absolute bad asses. Thank you for sharing this journey! Also - Scalp massages and exfoliants are a real treat during this time.
We love you bec ❤️ you are beautiful no matter what ❤️😘
👃👃👃
Bec, you are beautiful, inside and out.  You are so strong.  Sending love and positive thoughts!
DAMN GIRL 😍😍😍😍😍😍 Bec don't ever say your not that strong because that's the furthest thing from the truth! short hair is amazing i am hair retarted lol so i have always had short hair and loved it  wahooo to not having to shave as much i take no shave no November to heart specially in Dec, Jan Feb, March, April, May, June, July, Aug, Sept, Oct Sending all my love and prayers keep kicking cancers butt
I like  your new  hair do 😍
Lots of people shave heads to support people with cancer aswell; not just sick people ♡♡♡♡ bec you are beautiful and I know you will beat this!
Lots of love all the way from Sri Lanka❤️❤️❤️❤️ You look stunning😍😍😍😍😍😍
A name for your wig is Twiggy.
I immediately started bawling when Eamon explained that he picked out that pot to represent that your hair would always grow back. If I don’t have love like that down the road, I don’t want it. 💖 All the best to you both.
Bec - your beauty is in your spirit/soul & it just so happens that you also have a beautiful face. So…with or without hair - you are GORGEOUS!!!! Blessings & Hugs! 🧡🌻
I genuinely think bald looks really sexy on you! You’ve always looked like a model and this just proves it even more. Thanks for being so vulnerable with us, cheering you on today and always! 💛
Bec, your beautiful soul shine through and the amount of hair will never define your beauty.  Lots of love for you two!
The love you both have for each other is so beautiful. The way Eamon builds you up and comforts you is so beautiful.
🙏 the wig looks great
God Bless you, you are beautiful no matter how your hair is.  A 80 year old man wants you to keep your beautiful smile and trust God that everything will be OK.
Totally beautiful Bec!  You can rock any look girlfriend!  We all love you.  My dad had cancer and I remember him asking me if I would give him a trim.(I loved to cut hair)  So we headed out to the garage and I prepped with my water and comb and scissors.  I grabbed hold of some of his hair and a wad of it came out in my hand.  It wasn't even me and I had to hold the tears in and it made me so sick to my stomach because I loved him so much, still do!  But of course what did he say to me!  Awwww Sis, it's only hair!  I love you Bec.  You're a doll and Eamon you rock too.  I think about you everyday.
Is Eamon going to shave his head in solidarity?
You look BEAUTIFUL!!!  Stay strong. You have a lot of people supporting you through your journey. ❤️
Very grateful for your strength and honesty. I’ve never gone through anything like this, but it makes me feel less fearful of the future. I breath in faith and exhale fear ❤️
Hair or no hair, you are still you Bec. And you are resilient and beautiful 😌💜   Ps: wig name- Esperanza (hope in English)
When I started to lose my hair during treatment I told myself that is was confirmation the chemo drugs were working and killing any cancer cells in my body.  Every chunk of hair represented dead cancer cells. I would stomp on the chunks and mutter “take that you damn bastards”.
Beautiful face; no matter the hair; then when you add the personality Bec; you're amazing pretty.
Bec, your bravery and your strength are what make you beautiful. Sending love to you both 💛
You look like a model. 10 out of 10. Wait that’s not high enough😲
I adore your short hair and bald head. I don't know if you have seen Delia and Dylan's YouTube channel. She is going through the same journey as you right now.  Don't know if it would be helpful to watch but just wanted to let you know. Love your channel and you guys.
WE LOVE YOU
Bec,  you have such a nice shaped head and with the shave you look like a strong warrior that our foremothers would be so proud to see, but also - you are a beautiful soul and THAT is what makes you beautiful whatever is going on with your hair <3. Love and light to you.
Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair.  You will get through this and your hair will come back.  Stay tough!
Sincerely, I think your are very beatiful with or without hair.
Grateful to you both for building such a rad community to which all of us feel included and empowered with a sense of belonging! 😍
I cannot imagine how hard this is for you both. The impotence you both can feel at the situation can be so overwhelming but your devotion to each other is inspiring. I pray that you both have peace through this journey and that your final destination is one of joy and togetherness. Blessings on you both and your loved ones. You are both beautiful people.
Great seeing your progress and journey and that you're bearing it well...  Eamon - I think you shouldn't trim your beard or cut your hair until Bec gets hers back to how the short cut looked !  :)
Bec, you truly look stunning with long hair, short hair, and no hair! I'm amazed by that. What is more amazing to me, however, is how your inner beauty manages to eclipse your already impressive outward beauty. I love you, I continue to pray over you and your courageously fierce body and mind, and I send all my positive thoughts to you. And, of course, I send a giant hug! ❤
Live, Love and.Laughter.  You are both truly blessed to have each other.  Be in the moment, love in the moment and this will pass.   Who you are is what we love not what you look like.
I recently shaved all of my hair off. It felt liberating and I feel more beautiful than I did with long thick hair. Of course, I was able.to make that decision for myself rather than the option being taken from me due to chemo. Personally, I think hair is over rated...especially female hair. So often hair equals beauty and femininity and I'd love to challenge people to let go of that thought process. Of course, it's a very personal journey and experience and some people will always prefer to have long hair vs short hair. Even if someone doesn't love the way they look without hair I at least hope they know they're still just as beautiful and sexy (and are still just as feminine)  I once watched a video of a woman who shaved all of her hair of because her identity and her confidence was so strongly rooted in her hair .. so she decided to do something that felt spiritual and healing for herself to shave all her hair off and to keep it shaved during her journey of confidence and feeling beautiful and happy. I found that to be so inspiring and thought provoking.   This isn't the first time I've shaved my hair off but this time I shaved it without a guard on (so I had almost no hair) and I let my hsuband do it for me. It was actually very romantic for us. It felt so special and sweet.   Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Youre so strong and beautiful. Sending you love, comfort, and laughter
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out, you just radiate sunshine even during incredibly tough times. Sending so much love to you both. Thank you for sharing your lives. You are such great storytellers. 💛
OMG Eamon is so right,  you are so beautiful with no hair. You look 10 years younger. We love you both so much and know how hard it must be to share all of this. We are so thankful that you are.
You are both AMAZING!! Bec you shine so bright even through this!! Eamon you are the best cheerleader 📣! Watching this was therapeutic I’m thankful I found you both thru Kara and Nate page!! Huge fan and blessed to have a blessed day!
Thanks for sharing your journey as hard as it is you will inspire others who are facing the same to be brave like you. I think Eamon should shave his head to . Lol
Just FYI from someone that  has walked in your shoes,  when your new hair begins to come in---it will be as soft as a baby rabbit's fur.  It is so soft!
I think Eamon is a lucky man to have such a beautiful partner. Eamon you lucky bugger 😃
You guys are amazing. Thank you so much for sharing with us. Seriously though your spirit and enthusiasm for life is beautiful. You inspire me to be grateful for every breath.  ❤️🙏❤️
Much love to you both.
I'm 75 and just looking at you bald or shaved you look better with a shaved head than with short hair you really looked good sitting in the car after the head zap. Makes your face look different and to me really pretty but you are a pretty with long hair also. When you beat this and your hair grows back wear the wig during the short hair faze.
I’m so happy to see an update from you guys. We are praying for you.
You are beautiful! Continue to shine bright!
Bec, I don't know if you have ever heard of " vintage bombshell " YouTuber who went thru this same journey you're on... The reason I mention her is you are so much like her in your positive attitude and great personality.Sending you all good thoughts and prayers🤗
I’ve never cried so much seeing a video like I did with this one, you look beautiful  and strong Bec.
Eamon is right when he said ,"you look beautiful ,"when he shaved bec's head, because bec is a naturally beautiful woman .Bec would look good wearing a bin liner,haha, I'm not joking either,.sending loads of positivity and love your way, Eamon and Bec from the UK.
Prayers for you!  You are So Beautiful! ❤️
Surprised he didn't shave his head too
What an amazing couple you are! Both of you are handling such a difficult thing with so much grace and strength!
Becca 💓YOU are Flipping Darling honey!🌹❤️‍🔥With your face you will pull off bald Beautifully! All I care about is you getting this out of your body and on with your life’s! You are a Doll w short hair NO joke🥂💗 can I send you cards to make you feel a little better? If so let me know of an address I can use! Lots of Love & Prayers——— Stay Positive!!
you are so incredible for sharing this journey with the world <3 sending lots of love to both of you!
My heart goes out to you both.. I know I would react the same way because my hair means a lot and I have a lot but If I was going through this I’d rock the bald too.. sending you lots of love and prayers!!!! 💜💜
❤️💜❤️‍🔥🧡🖤❤️‍🩹💛🤍💚🤎💙💝
Oh Bec, I cried with you in this one. You are BEAUTIFUL as ever. 💕
Amazing strength you're both so loving to each other.
God bless you both
Take 1/4 nausea pill to see if that dose works
Just Beautiful  ❤🌹❤
You are beautiful in long, medium hair and bald. We don't know why we have to go through such trials here on earth. But you dear lady are helping so many going through or will go through the same thing.  You are so lucky to have Eamon to keep you laughing. Good luck and God bless you both.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL BEC!!! No Matter what. I'm Sending you the warmest love and healing vibes from Dallas Tx! You got this babe!!!! <3
I totally bawled my way through this episode, you look soooooo cute and bad ass as a bald chic!!  I am sending you guys so much love.  I loved yall so much before but now I realize that somehow some way by the magic of the internet and the powers that be, yall have taken root in my heart and I just know that Bec is going to do great!!
Everything I wanted to say has been said already, so just wanted you to know that I am in awe of you Bec, and love the support that Eamon gives. You’ve both got this! ❤️
You both rock the world. What a fantasticly brave pair of humans you are. If you gave your strength to the Ukranian people they would be able to fight Putin with one hand tied behind their back.  Fight on my dears, fight on.
Bec...Because.... I say this with tears in my eyes..... I am a daughter, a 3x granddaughter, a niece, and more..... to people who have battled cancer.  It is a very hard fight .... but you have taken it on with dignity and grace.  You are a strong warrior and I have no doubt, you can beat this. Just try to not think about the bad parts. Losing your hair.... 100% shows what a warrior you are!  You amour is your positivity, your ability to allow yourself to remain exactly who you are, and having some of the best support in family, friends, and YouTube cheerleaders.    This time, next year.... I hope to see you ringing the cancer battle won bell, and yall back to traveling and showing the world all the love and compassion that is uniquely you.
Sending loves and Praying for you.
Bec, you look so cute. Short hair totally suits you. You both are being so brave during this season of your lives. You have so many of us supporting you and  crying with you. Bec, just know you are one of those people that are beautiful inside and out. Eamon, you are her biggest supporter system and cheerleader. That wig, oh my goodness, it really looks like you!! You guys rock!!! Love you and sending prayers, love and positive thoughts to both of you.  ❤🤩😍🌸🌼
What an emotional vid. As far as the bald goes, you can easily carry it and Eamon with the wig was a throw back. Had long hair, short and all chopped off, so can connect with the sometimes shock of the cold. However hair bigger deal to most women, my misses used to breakdown if she had to cut a some cause the kids got chewing gum in it.  Got the c in the fam and girls of own, so it's a constants worry, think you got more strength as the person with it than I would as a parent, this vid nearly set me off  Eamon seems a good antidote and shoulder to lean on, got good support. Take care yourselves, see you next vid. 💛
You got this! Stay strong guys! It’ll all be over wit soon!
Wow!!! I felt all the emotions in this video. Eamon, I know this is very hard for you, but you have been a ROCK for Bec and seeing you support and love her through it all is amazing. And Bec, I would feel the same exact way so I’m proud of you for being open with your feelings. And you definitely look CALIENTE 🔥 with the buzz cut, you made me think of GI Jane. You’re a bad ass!!!! Love you both ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
You are so inspiring-thank you for sharing your journey Bec
Idk if anyone has said it but Bec is a shoe in for the next remake of GI Jane!!! Step aside Demi Moore, Bec the badass is in town now! So beautiful ❤️
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. You both are so amazing! So beautiful !
See? I KNEW you would look cute!
Gorgeous 😍 Sending love and hugs!
People have eloquently said how wonderful you both are and how beautiful physically and emotionally. I know you will you get thousands of comments and so be unable to read this (which is fine, focus on your journey) but I hope you see the numbers and know how many people love and support you.  Your videos helped me get over my husband’s death and now I coping with my daughters mental health issues. We love you and are thinking of you 💜
You are so strong and beautiful!
Eamon is so supportive!!!! What a great amazing partner.   I know it's difficult to accept change especially when you're use to looking a certain way but Eamon is right you do look good every way your hair is. Plus think of all the time you'll save!
Eamon how does it blow your mind that two such amazing people would reach 1 million subscribers !? It just makes sense !  Sending you lots of love from France ♥ Vous êtes merveilleux
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.
You look so cool Bec :) Love that you show your story so raw, you guys are amazing  💛
You look gorgeous!! First thing I thought when I saw your photo on Instagram was f*ck she looks gorgeous with a shaved head! Sending you so much love, was crying and laughing along with you xxx
You are beautiful and amazing Bec no matter what. It is what that is inside you that makes you beautiful. Please don't forget that.   Know that you are loved so much.  May God put his healing hands on you.
BEC YOU LOOK FABULOUS!! YOU LOOK LIKE A FEMALE BOSS!! SLAYYY QUEEN
Love to you all
What a beautiful and powefull woman you are Bec, you rock no matter what!!! And Eamon, I love and admire how you are being a rock for Bec, but pleace look after yourself also because this must be a extreme difficult time for you to. Sending you both lots of love and good vibes ❤
Love you both and thinking of you! My thoughts are with you. Love you. Xxx from the UK
You ROCK baldness!  Looks amazing woman!
What a strong woman 💛 What a supportive Eamon 💛
Rock it bald Bec! ❤️
Looking great bec.  You got this.  Sending love
You’re so beautiful you can rock any look
Oh honey you are so so beautiful with or without hair. Your beauty shines from inside!! And as Eamon wisely said "you don't need hair to love". Know you are so loved by this community ❤️❤️
🧡🧡🧡
Bald is beautiful Bec. Embrace it :-).  When God was making people, he admits he did from time to time make a few mistakes, so he used hair to cover them up !  Bald on a girl is beautiful and I know because this guy has been bald a long long long time !
Bec, I cannot even explain how stunning you are. You truly do look beautiful still <3
You are beautiful with or without hair. A warrior inside and out.
I found your van life story at the start of Covid when everything closed down. I’ve stuck around for everything else. What a story and inspiration for everyone.
Congrats on 1M subs.  Bec, you are one of those women who looks beautiful bald because you have refined, delicate features.  Eamon is not just saying that to make you feel good.  You also look just like your old self with the wig so go with whatever you feel when you start your day.  You and Eamon are always in my thoughts & prayers.
You are amazing and beautiful Bec, praying for you both. Stay strong. Love you two always!
When I see a women with a shaved head I don't immediately think sick I think "omg she looks so fierce and high fashion" 😘 you look amazing with and without your hair and though this you rocked amazing bangs and a cute pixie bob cut!
Same smile, same eyes, same contagious laugh....same beautiful Bec in my opinion. You got it going on, girl!!
Now Punk Rock Girl by The Dead Milkmen is in my head. YOU’RE FUCKING HOT BALD!!!!! Sending positive vibes and lots of love!!! 😘😘😘😘
Thank you for sharing
❤️👍
Eamon and Bec, you guys ROCK! Bec, you are in my prayers for a complete healing! ❤️‍🩹  Your a brave lady and quite strong.  Great job taking care of your lady Eamon.  Wishing the Best for you both! 👍😘
I came across your videos when you guys first started working in your house. I absolutely love watching you both. Your genuineness, huge hearted, kind souls are felt through the screen. Your love for one another is something ppl search for all their life.  I’m sorry Bec you are going through this, I have to say your attitude, gratitude, strength is so amazing and encouraging. You are truly are an inspiration.  You look absolutely beautiful with and without hair. Eamon you truly are such a wonderful support system for Bec.  Stay strong and continued prayers 🙏🏻🙏🏻 Love from Minnesota
SO proud of you Bec!!! You are stunning because of your inner beauty which only enhances your outward appearance. Strong, sometimes fragile but a warrior. You are inspiring to me. Thank you for sharing the winding journey you’re on. ❤️❤️☀️🌈
As a married Jewish woman I wrap my hair. I’m in a lot of groups for head covering that include women who are in your position. One tip I can give you is if the scarfs start to move and don’t stay out while you’re out and about, you can get a velvet headband and it will help the wrap stay put in your head. I use them and I know lots of women in your position that use them and it definitely works wonders. Sending you lots of hugs and love. Thank you for sharing such an intimate journey with all of us.
I hope you get better soon Becs your've got this beat love you both
Bec you are so strong. And you are stunning with and without hair. So much love to both of you as you navigate this journey together! 💛
Girl you look so badass without hair!!! 😍
One word always comes to mind when watching you both... STRENGTH We all appreciate your openness and genuine kind hearts !
Eamon should shave his head in support of you!!!!!!
Guys youre strong!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE💗💗💗💗
Wig names: Rapunzel(maybe a little too obvious), Miss Wiggy{play on Miss Piggy aka the sassy fierce muppet) and Dolly(Dolly Parton who's known for her wigs and doesn't give a hoot about what other people think of her). The wig looks like your normal hair(especially with the hat) with just a deeper color that really suits you.   Please know I'm not just saying it to say it. Mere words don't seem enough and prayers/healing vibes are nice, but I've been wanting to do more. So with that being said, I put forth an idea to this community who maybe can't find the words, but also want to do more. In solidarity of Bec's hair journey, I'll be transforming my own head of hair.
You really rock the bald💝👏👍
I cried with you this entire video. You are so beautiful and so strong even though you don't  always feel it. You are powerful beyond measure and we are sending all our love. Thank you for being there for me for the last 3 years.
Omg! Bec, you are amazing, beautiful and the brightest light. Eamon, you are amazing, beautiful and the brightest light. Love conquers all. Stay strong! You both have got this. Sending you both a big ole mama bear hug. I hope you feel it! 🤗❤🤟🙏
GURRRRLL, just sayin, but Eamon was 100% right, you ABSOLUTELY pullin off that shaved look <3  Keep strong hun, ya'll got dis! <3
I spelled it wrong😂 Hairy-ette…wig number one!
❤
Beautiful inside and out. You can cry as much as you need to. Strong and brave!
Sending love and light to you both 💜 Thinking of you often
Stay strong bec you got this ❤
GEES BEC!!!! You will look great upside down too.  What a beautiful head and face!
Sending you hugs and love. X
Furiosa vibes ✨  Y’all have been in my thoughts this month. Wishing you both strength and peace during this hard time.
"you are sunshine, on a cloudy day" <3
Hi Bec,  you could call the folia wig Ashley - as a reminder on the wonderful people you met on your journey. Do you have a gofundme or similar where we can spend money for all those who can't afford a wig? I wish you and your family all the power and strength to go through whatever may come your way! All my crying during this video was bc of Eamon, the best buddy you can have!! Love from Germany.
Remember the movie GI Jane? She was bad ass in the movie.... You, Bec, are bad ass in real life! You are so freakin' brave! xx
Oh girl hair loss is hard but wait until it starts growing back you're see a lot of times it comes back thick and curly.
Sending love and healing energy and light ❤️
You (both ) look beautiful. Thank you for allowing us to follow this journey. I'm so sorry you have to experience this. You're a warrior. Lots of love, peace, joy and healing to you both.
My Mom did the same with her thoughts of losing long hair would be more emotionally difficult.  You look great and your positive energy and thoughts look even greater. Not to say being sad isnt good either. Its healthy to let it all flow, regardless of the emotion. Watching your journey, and your strength is incredible, its emotional, its relatable, .... Also im so grateful you used compassionate creations. Not sure it you used the suggestion after my instagram message, but my Mom used them and she loved it.  Keep kicking cancers butt! Youve got this!
I know this intimate breast cancer journey you both are going has it good days and those challenging days. For Emon it is watching the women he loves go through an illness he can fix but only support but mostly just love you Bec. I also see that your parents have there to support and love you through this as they have previously in your life.  I mostly wanted to say thank you, Bec for sharing a your journey, both previously on your adventures when you were healthy and on this journey and adventure.   Sharing your moments of emotions during chemo of your hair journey was very touching to me. I was a child when my mother went through chemo and hair loss back in the early to mid 70s. So while I took notice mom’s hair loss And knew she was sick I didn’t process it that much or well. Your last few videos and especially this last helped me understand more and definitely empathize with what my mother went through.   Bec, you are beautiful and cute with long hair, short hair, and bald. Enjoy and savior each moment good, bad, and the ones that suck hopefully will not last too long. Emon just keep loving your buddy as you obviously are and have been doing.
beautifull soul
Bec you look BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Your beautiful!! ♥️ thank you both for sharing your journey..
Sending mad love for you both. Hold each other tight!!🌞
Love you Bec❤️
you look beautiful xxxx Hugs
Bec you are amazing and beautiful 😍 .stay strong, Mother had cancer and decided that b4 she lost her hair I braved the shave for charity ( people do thIs in UK)  I loved my bald head, sending huge Welsh Cwtches🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 to you and Eammon take care if each other xxxx
GOD HEAL YOUR CHILDREN OF THEIR ILLNESS,SICKNESS,& DISEASES , DO NOT THAT ILLNESS, SICKNESS,& DISEASE GET THE BEST OF THEM OR BRING THEM DOWN KEEP THEM ALIVE , HEALTHY,& SAFE,& OK AND ON THIS LAND WITH US IN THE NAME OF JESUS AMEN I DECLARE & DECREE THE BATTLE HAS ALREADY BEEN WIN IN THE NAME OF JESUS AMEN 👏🙌💕
Oh god no. Eamon looks like Jared Leto with the wig. Lol take that thing off now!
You look amazing and so beautiful and a nice shaped head!
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you look sensational 😍 your soul shines brightly even in the darkest of times, sending positive thoughts and prayers your way, eamon you are doing amazing too 🙏 xx
You are so brave. Not only are you going through this tough season but to share the journey with everyone. You have have such courage and strength! Lots of love and prayers ❤️
Wow. Love you guys
Bless you both. Your unity as a couple gets stronger and stronger. You got this.
EAMON  is right. Seriously Bec you look SO BEAUTIFUL!   Eamon is loving the wigs a little too much,
Hey you are definitely beautiful hair does not make the person your heart your heart shows out on your face that is what's beautiful hair it'll come back hey I had to cut mine off now I can't keep it long at all I have to keep it short because I can't stand it long your heart is what's beautiful that makes you beautiful and you definitely are beautiful
Yesterday I caught myself rooting for you guys! Bec I genuinely think that you are just the cutest bald!  I'am sure these days will pass, just hang in there and try to post eartier!
Just think, now you know what styles of hair to have when you grow your hair back out. Such a cute bob. I know it's natural and just comes out at times. But as a society, we need to move away from telling people not to cry. Not just children but adults, everyone. If they want to cry, let them, encourage them to get out their feelings. Its so easy to say to people because you don't want to see people be upset or hurt. But let those tears flow as telling them to not cry, can cause people to shut their feelings off or bottle things up inside.
Bec you're such a badass!! You look beautiful!! <3
I always knew Eamon was amazing .........I can’t sing his praises enough!   His positive vibes keeps us all calm.....proud of you Bec
I LOVE all the stages in your hair journey! The fringe, the bob, the shaved head, the wig and the scarf!! ❤️ all of it
Hair  , no Hair. Your still beautiful 😍.
Thankyou for sharing. You are so generous to share your journey. This will help so many people. You are a authentic beauty.  Resilience of the human spirit is such a amazing thing to witness. You have a million people sending you love and hugs.
Bec, You totally rock the bald look. Any of your hairstyles you tried out look amazing on you!
You are such a beautiful Soul Bec! I have had long black hair as long as I can remember. ( using spouses iPad) However, due to sepsis it came out in chunks and  like you lost most. It is more important to live and toss away the attachment that we have to hair as it pertains to our identity. It WILL grow back!  You are SO brave. Hang in there. Sending you positive energy, light and love!
You are so Beautiful!  hugs and kisses to you two amazing people.  Love you both.
Bec I think your so brave and I love how supportive and positive eamon is being. You’ve got this girl kick cancers butt xx
Sooooo beautiful 🥰. You look amazing Super Woman 💙. Sending Love from Poland
What an inspirational and holistic approach to your cancer diagnosis. I know having hair is part of your identity. And whether it's the military or a cancer diagnosis, losing your hair is a life altering experience. I am glad you can finally embrace your new identity. I wish you strength and healing, as you continue to face your cancer journey. And keep on the Sunny side of life.
Lucy’s Bec
BEC. You are so beautiful bald. FIERCE as all hell. I love it
you look so good with a bald head! The best I've ever seen it on anyone, wow! I have a crush on you... don't tell Eamon.
love from india bec🖤
I’ve been following you guys since the beginning you are by far my favourite YouTubers! I don’t always comment on every video but I give them a thumbs up :) These videos are inspiring and to see how positive two people can be during something like this. This really goes to show that yearly check ups are so important, it doesn’t matter how healthy you are. I know you’ll kick this in the butt! Sending lots of vibes your way 🇨🇦  I really want to order from function of beauty as a fellow Canadian why is it in USD 😭😭😭 everything good is In USD lol!
My aunt has alopecia and her hair started to fall out when she was only 9 years old and she looks beautiful. She did get bullied as a child but had to embrace herself which she did and she is now 32 and goes around looking like a boss with no hair. Just know that you will get through it and you look stunning when your bald.
you are beautiful inside and out bec! u are so lucky to have eamon by your side. he truly seems like the sweetest life partner someone could ask for. i’ve been watching u guys for over 2 years. i love you so much and you are in my thoughts and prayers during this entire journey!!
First off Bec you look freakin adorable, you are beautiful inside and out. Always <3 Getting you back to full health is most important thing. Love the positive vibes at the end of the video. Stay strong to both of you  I vote we name the first wig Old-E but a goodie in honor of Old Eamon, that brought back some memories lol
I know it's an incredibly hard thing, but you said it at the end of the video - you are beautiful! I agree with Eamon that you really do look rad bald, but also the wig looks just like you, you can't even tell. No matter what I think you look amazing. :)
You’re never ending love, courage and transparency brings me so much appreciation for joy. You are both beautiful inside and out💞
I know it does not feel like it right now, but Bec, you for real rock the bald look! We tell ourselves "hair is just hair", but when it comes down to shaving it all of it really is not that simple. You are so brave and strong!
You are an inspiration Bec! Stay strong and lots of love to you and Eamon.
Gorgeous!!
Bec, you are so Beautiful 😍 and you rock the bald head! Stay strong Beautiful XX
I love you guys! ❤ and Bec, you are stunningly beautiful, inside and out, with or without hair 💫
Love you Bec!! I know the thought about the insecurity is hard right now but the more you feel present with it, you will come to see yourself growing on the inside confident wise that no matter how you look on the outside to other people you know that, that doesnt mean anything when inside you are beautiful first🤍🤍🤍🦋
Your both amazing..much love.
I think eamon should shave his head too to raise awareness for this, Bec you are an inspiration to everyone!
I started having gray hair when I was...23. My mom was all gray by the time she was in her late 30's. I am 40 now and 90% of my hair is gray. I know it is not the same as losing your hair, which you will grow back. but it was kind of difficult at the beginning having all this gray hair while all the women around me that are around my age and older don't have any gray hair. I am totally ok with this now. I just don't like to color it so often, but what can you do. You will recover and all your hair will grow back🙂
You look sooooo beautiful. You are both beautiful inside and out. Love you both.
You are both so strong.  You look beautiful!!
One day this shall be all behind you. You guys will beat this. Bec honestly like Eamon told you,. It doesn't matter what style with or without hair you look awesome!
Don’t they give you zofran for nausea now?  No sleepiness…
Exactly. Who cares? You are one of those beautiful people who can do without ANY make up and other extras that others less blessed need. And the same goes for your hair (which shall grow back ...) Peace, love & strength to you both.
i wish  kinging it could be there with you, but I think you're about to get other visitors soon, instead. your all a great crew love you all ❤❤❤❤🦾💪🦾💪
❤️❤️❤️❤️
What a journey! So happy you're both powering through. Very proud of you both, thanks for the transparency,  its quite humbling.. Love and gratefulness is the answer through it all. Love you both! 🥰
OMG you are so brave, you look supa cute though like 11 from Stranger things. You are such a loving couple who are made for each other. Look after each other as we send vertical hugs and support. 💞
Bec, you look fabulous and it is okay to grieve the loss of your hair. Remember, you are fierce!
Thanks for sharing such an intimate private part of your lives.  It is a true testament to your love for each other.  Bec, you could not be in better hands than Eamon.  I'm sure you know and are taking care of yourself as well to avoid caregiver burnout.  Continue to take good care of each other.
your beautiful outside and in, you look amazing. xx
I shaved my head over 10 years ago and did a big spiritual fast.  Shaved heads are so beautiful!   Sooo rooting for you.  Great to see your honesty and the love and support you share with all of us.  You deserve the million followers because we love the authenticity of your channel.  It will grow and grow because the humanness of your story is what people need. Real genuine decent people.  I have a severe medical situation and may need full cervical spinal fusion and your journey has encouraged me sooo much.  You are blessed to have your love supporting you and holding each other up when things are hard. Hugs and I’m sure soon we will hear the all clear and you going in fun journeys again.  I look forward to this channel every week soooo much.  Thanks for all you have done for all of us.
❤
You don't need hair to be happy
You  are beautiful! Hair or no hair and not because of your hair but because you are beautiful!  Hang in there, this too shall pass.
we gonna beat this
Bec your strength is so amazing!  Thank you for sharing your journey…your self compassion is such a light. Eamon, never was there a more amazing partner ❤️😢🥰
YOU are beautiful inside and out. You've got this. Eamon is such a great support ✌❤🇨🇦
Bec, YOU rocked it!!! If you really hate the beauty mark on your scalp ,paint some petals around it and make a flower. You are both in my prayers I just lost my husband 12//27/21 to lung cancer. We had been planning a trip to Paris, 14 day cruise to Greek isles and he went to the Doctor in Nov for a cough ….advanced stage 4….Share this because you are so fortunate that you caught this in time to treat it. No longer going on that trip  I would just cry. instead IM going on 15 day Hawaiian cruise Oct 4. Thinking about going on a shark dive. Who knows…Live, laugh,  and love each other
You look great without the hair just get healthy again is all that matters
you are beautiful...you are...
Yes, being bald is so much more than being sick, it's you powering through! You rock Bec and so does Eamon, who rocks long hair too. Love you guys
Bec..you unlocked a deep well of love and prayer of the cosmic kind. I could care less the name we call it..this is real love and concern. Like you I heard cancer spoken then heart failure about me.  But..I am still standing and rocking! So are you.  This breast cancer will bring you and your husband closer then you thought possible!  My wife passed last year to cancer..but she was 70. You got this..think life and love..you will make it!
Bec.... I don't think you have ever been more beautiful.... you shine.... you too Eamon... ❤Continued prayers.... light and love......
You. Are. Beautiful, Bec!!
You are stronger than the things that want to destroy you!  You can beat this beast! Stay strong, stay focused and have some fun with all the wigs and choices you can be blonde or a redhead or any other color you want any day. So enjoy some fun with the wigs while you can because your own hair will be back very soon! ~
I definitely agree with the looking gorgeous comments, yes really 👍
Your face just genuinely shines through, giving so much positivity and light to the world. I'm sitting here just in awe of how beautiful and strong you are through all of this. Please know you have a world of people out there who love you, and thank you for providing so much joy in our lives. You are absolutely beautiful and I can't say enough positive things about you two!
God Bless your attitude, you are so wonderful and I wish I was there to give you big hug and let you know that I love you guy’s, please remember my name and don’t ever forget that you are so beautiful and I love you with all my heart and soul. 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Bec, you are a modern day heroine and should be so proud of how you are powering though this time in your lives. You look amazing and will fight this 💗 keep going girl
By the way bec one of my friends had cancer and normal pillowcases irritated her head so she used silk pillowcases just in case if you wanted to know but I’m not a doctor but that could help
Gosh how beautiful 😍 you've got this beck. Xxx
Stunning heart and mind. And the authentic love you both share is beautiful!
You are so beautiful inside and out you can pull off anything!! You will have so much fun with cuts once your hair grows back too. I know I did!
God Bless you Bev.  You are so so beautiful ❤️
Bec you are beautiful inside and out, And   Eamon , Bec found the right person to travel through life with .  Your love for her comes through in every video! Bec you will get through this together keep fighting,   We love you both,
Love you Eamon and Bec. You are such inspiration to us all.
You look fantastic with short hair!  Very chic.
OMG you are so brave for sharing this video. My heart breaks for you as I understand a woman’s attachment to our hair.  But your amazing husband is right, you are beautiful.
Bec your beautiful with long, bob or no hair, your just beautiful soul inside and out, God bless you with healing, thank you for sharing 🕊💖🙏, Eamon supports you beautifully xxx
This video was so pure and beautiful, Bec can rock every hairstyle... seeing her with that redish cap wig was literally so cute and Eamon is such a rock in this journey. He really help to show us young woman what we should be getting in a partner.
Embracing you from VT. I shaved my head a year ago due to an autoimmune disease causing it to rapidly fall out. It gets cold here in the 802, so I wrap my head in gorgeous head wraps that I get from Wrapunzel. I use either a Wendy shaper or the Uber Pouf when I want some volume, plus the shaper keeps my scarves from sliding off my head. Eamon is right though...you pull off bald very well.
Millions are not sick and bald so rethink that notion...
Bec you are becoming a badass warrior with your head shave. I got telogen effluvium (TE) from covid this past few months. Lost about 50% of my hair and my scalp was so sore and tender. It frustrating to see clumps of hair in your hands and not knowing when it will stop shredding but it will eventually. After stopping chemo your hair growth will resume normally in a few months from anagen effluvium. Wishing all the best for you. I'm happy to see you have such a strong support and love around you.
Note to Eamon, please have a talk to a friend, a family member on how you feel, the carer is a loney place, you have to be strong for the both of you, its hard but harder if you dont talk to someone about how you feel,. xx
Absolutely love your hair Short.  It fits your personality, Bubbly, fun, and so real! Nice to know when your hair grows out and meets that length, stop there!  It’s you! Bec.   Be strong,  it’s only hair, and know your health is the priority!  So many people are praying for you!!💗U
You are so beautiful Bec! Sending love and healing and prayers! Name option for the wig is brenda!
Bec, you are a rockstar, and such an inspiration to all the others that are taking their cancer journeys..Emmon , you are equally inspiring to all of the people who love and support their loved ones..you may not realize how much good you are doing for Becs full recovery, here..rock on, you two🙏🏾✌💜
You are an incredibly strong person and I am sending all of the love and positivity your way 💛
You are the loveliest young couple,I think I must have discovered yr channel last year and always so look forward to yr posts. Even more so now,I've been thinking about you both alot for the last few days and here you are on monday morning! Bec you look beautiful,I know you had lovely hair but now you are stunning. Eamon,your sense of humour never disappoints! love nd hugs 🥰
You're beautiful, hair or not, but much more important in the long run is the beauty within you that we see when you share your kindness and life experiences.
Better to have gone to hair dresser and shave and style with hair on top. Then another week do more or all the way. The atmosphere would have made you feel Utiful and stylish, rather than broken and dismal in bath.  Or just trimmed to 2 inches buzz, then a week later all the way
Bec you are so beautiful that you can leave your head bald forever if you want. My cousin  had chemo last year and now her hair is growing strong and abundant as if nothing happen, your hair will grow too. I'm amazed how brave and strong you are. Eamon you are so amazing, caring and sweet. May God bless you every single day. Keep you both in my prayers
Whoaaaa you look SO good bald. Like honestly when it grows back you should keep it short it looks that good 😱
My love too you
Guys congratulations on hitting 1 million subscribers 💜 and Bec you are sooo sooo beautifully and the wig is stunning 😍 sending you love and hugs from Croatia 🥰♥️😘
Dear Bec and Eamon, we want to give you all a lot of strenght and best wishes for this difficult times. Bec you are so beautifull with or without your hair. Eamon you have been the best, your positive atitud and good mood are amazing. From Portugal we send you a lot of Love ❤
💛💛💛💛💛
you are beautiful!
You both are amazing. Bec you are beautiful person and you are rocking it. Eamon thank you you are such a strong person and are beautiful too. I know this is not easy thing to go through let alone share it with the world, but I want to thank you. You both are being inspirational to everyone who has gone through this, is going through this or might go through this later in life. This will be something people can look back on to get the help the need and know that it’s going to be okay. Love you both.
Not everyone can rock a bald look. But you look stunning!
Thanks for being so vulnerable Beck. I am sitting in VA weeping with you . You are so so strong !! You are an inspiration
Bec,  you are beautiful inside and out. Stay strong, both of you.
Bec can seriously pull of Any Look! Hottie with a body 😉 😁
You look amazing sending love n hugs to you both  xxx
The most stunning and beautiful bald woman!!!
Bec, you are so beautiful and are such a strong, incredible warrior!! Thank you for being vulnerable and sharing these moments of your life with us. Sending so much love from afar ❤❤❤
Harry-ette?
The way Eamon call you  buddy Bec is so sweet and romantic . Never thought I would think buddy would sound romantic but darnit Janet it melts my heart 🫠♥️♥️♥️
Becs  you are a true strong positive  beautifull inside and out  ..  you got this girl xx  Eamon is one of the best hubbies ever xx
Thank you for sharing all this, you both are amazing and strong! ❤️
Bec you are beautiful! When my hair began to fall I started to feel as sick as I actually was.. But my baldness turned into a feeling of being strong and invincible!!
💖💖💖💖💖🌟You shine no matter what 🌟 💖💖💖💖💖
I wonder if shaving your head had more to do with what you had touched on earlier in the vlog. That now, it's not that you're sick on the inside but, without your hair, it's an overwhelming realization that this next step in your life is going to be difficult. I cried with you today, like probably so many others, and I want you to know that we are here for you! We're sending you so much light and love!!! You strength is being seen and I'm so proud of you
You look fabulous..
23:30 Bec We know Eamon loves it!! We all know how much he likes to change things up. He knows you’re going through a tough time and it’s obvious he loves you unconditionally 💗🥺 I never had chemo, but one day I wanted to shave my head because girls are always told “you look pretty with long hair” and it’s not true my husband met me with short buzzed hair and still to this day always asks if I’ll ever cut it short again because he prefers it (less for them to deal with) trust me you will appreciate the no hair life!! I would love to see you rock some hair wraps 💗 love you and I’m praying for healing
I don’t know what made me cry more, the struggle that poor Bec has with coming to terms with the hair loss or the amazing bond and love her and Eamon have. I am so insanely proud of both of them for being so strong and wonderful to each other during this process. You are still so insanely gorgeous, Bec!!
BEC, although the likelihood of you seeing this is rare, in 2004 I survived OVARIAN CANCER! If you know anything about that type of cancer, not many women survive it! I guess my Journeys not over yet! I made sure I didn't waste my gift of life and went on to form a veterans luncheon that went viral across schools in Canada. So students won't forget about our veterans who served in World War II and other campaigns around the world. In honour of my father and other family members that served. Embrace your baldness it's true what they say bald is beautiful I truly never felt so beautiful. Well in between the vomiting LOL. Make sure you take bone supplements.
You look great bald! You will beat this!!
You. Are. Stunning. PERIOD. As someone who has struggled with hair loss I know how attached to hair we can become and never even realize it until it's gone. What shined in this video is your resilience, the beauty of your supportive relationship (the way you love each other is breath taking), and that you are absolutely beautiful inside and out. I just kept saying "stunning, stunning." Sending all the love and support your way. xoxo
Bec you're SO beautiful, no matter what! <3
Your so beautiful Bec, my prayers are with you guys. I love ❤️ watching you two. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
❤
Feel special💕 don’t worry about what people think about you
Sending lots of love to you both and to your families because they too are going through their own process due to this journey. Just keep “ knowing” that you are stronger than you think and that this will not be future you. Future you will be clear of cancer and you will continue to have a beautiful healthy life and adventure along with Eamon. Keep asking your body to do its job and reject and heal all maladies within you. P.S. you do look beautiful bald because you are beautiful. That comes from within and shines through, hair or no hair. ❤️🙏🏼
Praying for you Bec.  I'm not sure I can watch this journey with you and Eamon.  My best friends daughter (she's like my own) has had breast cancer for the past 2 years and it's not looking to good after we thought she was almost in the clear so please just know I love you both and I'll be praying for you.
Awww girl.  Sending you huge hugs.  You’ve got this!!!!
You both rock.  Bec, you are hero of epic proportions, and a stunner with and without hair.  Eamon, you are a rock and Bec is the luckiest woman on Earth to have you.
🙂♥️ sending good juju...
sending so much love Bec. You're beautiful of course. Sending so much strong heart-energy to you from Barcelona. You are strong, you are amazing, you are supported by everyone here. We love you  <3
❤️🙏🏼😘
Hi Bec, I watch your videos every week religiously and very intently. I feel like a friend who wants to know every detail about your journey. You’re doing amazing. I can’t wait to see you grow out your hair into a pixie afterwards! -Melissa ❤️
I have a giant raised mole on my head too and its right by my receding hairline so it's also becoming less and less of a secret 😂 I laughed out loud when you guys said you call it your 3rd brain 🥰 you look amazing ! I shaved my head last year so I know how awsome those showers must be :) enjoy the little things and hang in there, you got this 👏👏
Hi Eamon and Bec. I have never comment on youtube before, but i will do it for you 2. I have followed you 2 for awhile. Very nice people.  You look beautiful without hair Bec, but the most important is that you will be well. I wish the best of luck to you guys, stay positiv and strong, and take care of each other. Lots of love from Norway.
Weird how one can make a connection with people they’ve only watched on YouTube. Love both of you. Your faith, courage and optimism is so inspiring. You two are a power couple, you’ll over come this ❤️
You are a warrior! I think "Wanda" is a great name for your wig.
Bec you freaking rock every hair style there is you’re so beaut omg! My twin brother went through cancer when we were just babies but he battled through and now he’s 25 and full of life! You’re so strong you’re gonna smash this. Sending you both so much love and prayers as always ❤️
Bec I love you! Eamon you are awesome! I think of you two daily. Stay strong !!
Bec: you're beautiful both with and without hair. You rock.  Eamon: from one husband of a cancer survivor to another (because Bec is gonna get through this) big bro hug. You rock too.  And I can tell you totally get it. 👍
I love the bold head Bec. It looks so cool.
I just wanted to say that your strength and positivity is so inspiring. I suffer from severe depression and anxiety and was recently diagnosed with SI, and watching you has been a bright light in my journey. I feel like you have given me some strength and shown me that you can make it through anything. So thank you so much. You both are always in my prayers.
The shaved head reminds me of Millie Bobby Brown. 🤷‍♀️. Thank you for continuing to share so honestly.  You all are awesome.  Praying for your wellness.  ❤️
Your face is so pretty and the short hair, especially the bob, really suits you, the shaved look is v cool. I'm sixty and often shave off my hair and it takes years off ;)
Beautiful, no other words.
I love how real you are in your videos. You do look beautiful without your hair but I think you inner beauty is also shining through. Sending you so much love. I pray for you throughout the day that you do have that sunshine and happiness.
I just so much love you girl. You are such an inspiration to many of us. Sending my love from Montreal ❤️
You actually suit being bald so much!! It really brings out all your features especially your eyes! Keep fighting because we all are behind you and know that you will get past this. If anything, it will make you appreciate what we consider ‘normal life’ so much more Xx
Your hair didn't make you beautiful Bec, your heart does. And you look absolutely gorgeous with a shaved head.
You’re so beautiful bec!!! And so so so so strong and brave!
Bec you are so beautiful. Inspired by the love you and Eamon share
Bec so beautiful bald please say strong in this journey I know it's difficult but you two are so strong . Sending Positive Thoughts and Prayers to you .
I know we women and society puts a lot of emphasis on hair. And it is hard to accept a bald head when you didn't choose it... But man do bald women look so sexy. From one woman to another - you look sexy Bec! You have a great head shape to pull this off. ;) I am working myself towards a confidence where I can also shave my head. Keep rockin' it Bec! You are doing amazing. Lots of love!
I’ve been a follower for a few years now and never comment, but I’m wishing you all the best. You also look beautiful with no hair.
You two are amazing!  Sending you both so much love and light 💗
And if any of y'all sit there say oh she's just being dramatic, she's seeking attention, I will come for you. That's not it at all. Hair is a big part of most women, it's how we feel beautiful. Take it away, and it's hard to look in the mirror or "feel" pretty. So don't y'all dare say that.
Wow, you rock the bald look, Bec. Thank you for being open and transparent with your journey, that is going to be so empowering for a lot of women going through a similar experience. I have been a baldy for over twenty years now due to alopecia and I feel you. It has become very normal for me by now but I went through all the emotions when my hair got thinner and thinner. I still have some hair growing and use a wet razor to get rid of it all whenever I am in the shower. Just a tip, in case you'd prefer having no hair at all instead of re-growing patches. Yes, staying in bed and letting all emotions go through can be so healing. 💜 Eamon, I'd love to see you with a shaved head, don't you want to join the party? I think it'd look really cool on you. You are such a wonderful support, I love you for that. Love and hug to both of you 💕
Beautiful Bec
You are very beautiful.  Sending you love and prayers.  <3
got me in tears we love you bec ❤️
I’m sorry but i have to say it keep this dog he is here for this part of your life and he should be for the rest of y’all lifes
I love you two so much. I would have liked to see Edmond join you and shave his head. However I can't get over how beautiful you are with no hair. It brings out your beautiful eyes and smile. You can rock all different kinds of ear rings. I honestly just love your look with no hair. 🥰😍🤩❤🧡💛💚💙💜💕💞💓💗💖💋💙
what a beautiful lady.  Very GI Jane.  Your beauty radiates from the inside out!!  Sending love and prayers.
LOVE. THE POTHEAD........
you really do look beautiful Bec! seriously
The love you two share is so beautiful and just a privilege to be able to watch. It’s truly so inspirational and just to see how loving and caring you both are towards each other and everyone else is just incredible. This video touched me deep.  ❤️❤️❤️
You guys were my gateway drug into vanlife and I currently have an older and awesome sprinter van (2004 3500 158"wb high top!) that I probably never would've gotten without your channel.  It is odd that there are people I have never met who have changed my life positively, but you guys are both on that list. And Bec, you'll probably never read this comment, but you are hot in all stages of hair or not! Oh yeah, and the hairpiece (i like that word better than wig) is mindblowingly good and looks like the real deal. Thank you for sharing the intimate parts of your life, takes a lot of heart.
YOU LOOK GREAT 😌 LOVE YOU BOTH 🤗 AND CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR 1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS….. I LOVE HAVING MY COFFEE ON SUNDAY AND WATCHING YOUR VIDEO SEE YOU BOTH SOON ❤️
Beautiful and cool! 😎
You are perfect with or without hair!! Love you guys!
Bec, you are indeed incredibly beautiful and it has nothing to do with your hair. The love you and Eamon share is beautiful. Sending so much love to you both.
I fucking hate this for you guys. 😢 we love you, Bec…you do look awesome with the shaved head though.
stay strong. you look great, promise
I wanted to say something profound but...one word came to mind:   L❤VED !!💐
I’m trying to find the words to how this video makes me feel, it’s hard since I feel more than I can articulate, but please know how truly beautiful you really are Bec, in every way and the love and support of Eamon is so special. You made me cry with empathy and laugh with positivity. Much love to you both💖
If I could like this video a million times I would!  Cried with you the whole video. My heart is with you 💗 I think as a hairstylist i can definitely understand and sympathize with how important we feel hair is, and why I cried the whole time with you. However hair or not you are so so beautiful inside and out and I’m soooo glad that your rocking it!  Also a major shout out to eamon for being by far THE BEST hype man ever to exist and props to him for being there for you, this can’t be easy for him either 💗   Congrats on 1 mill, you guys deserve it and more 💗💗💗  Love from NS 💗
Bec you are beautiful you inspire me. Wonderful couple you two are. Thanks for sharing your journey. Sending lots of love from Ireland ❤️
I'm so happy to see both of you this morning! Eamon you are such a rock for Bec to lean on and that is a wonderful thing! So...Bec know that you are beautiful-bald and all. Your strength is amazing and inspiring.  I've been losing my hair from alopecia and I get it...it is hard as a woman to lose your crown and glory (thats what we African Americans call women's hair in the south). You make we want to go out into the world without my wigs again so thank you! Xoxo from Dallas Texas ❤❤❤
Wow that wig is incredible Bec You could have a different colour wig to go with your outfits🤗❤️🇬🇧
You both are simply amazing and beautiful!! It's your love and  personalities that shine thru know matter what the situations.. know that you are loved by many, and are here for you..🙏🤗🥰
You both are so strong 💖 thank you for letting us in to this very vulnerable time xx we are with you and support you xx
Well, I have no idea what this challenge is like but Becs you have beautiful head, maybe Aemon should shave his?
Your hair journey is raw, emotional, and an honest truth of the cancer journey! Thank you for sharing your story with us. My Mom had non small cell lung cancer and she lost her hair too! Like you, she rocked bald head too! My Mom had a huge collection of fun hats. I am an Artist and Photographer. I painted flowers and designs on my Mom's head and did a photo shoot with her! She so loved her pictures! Do whatever feels right and true to you and Eamon! Every step is bringing you closer to your health being restored! 🙏☮💐🥰💜🧡💛🌹🎉
Bec, my son did chemo and lost his hair too.  It was difficult for him as well.  We used visualization to help him through his anxiety during that whole process.  We told him to be grateful that we had a sign the chemo is at work, and for every hair lost meant it was a death of each cancer cell in his body.  We tried to turn every negative into a positive and be grateful.  You are doing the same.  Very proud of you.
🧡
I can officially say that I cried through out the video seeing what my family saw 5 years ago.Iike bec my hair is part of who I am and loosing it was hard. Chemo is hard on the body anyone who has gone through it can relate to bec and eamon and the struggles. Guys there is a wide community out here to support you when ever you need it
You look amazing.  Sending lots of love and good vibes your way! ❤️❤️❤️
Just wanted to send you love from Oregon ❤️.  You look fabulous.  You both are great partners to each other
Name your wig cleo for cleopatra
I think she should be called “Stella” because she is stunning!!!!
Words are failing me. You're amazing. Both of you. The love and support you have for each other is awe inspiring. Bec -- you're beautiful inside and out whether you have long hair, a bob, or bald. Although not at all the same, I related deeply to your feelings of attachment of beauty with your hair. I struggle from an anxiety disorder called trichotillomania, which is a form of OCD where you pull out your hair. I have literally bald spots and short hair among my long hair. I'm super self conscious about it. I've often think about shaving my entire head or going super short, but there's a lot of fear so I've never done it. Hoping one day I can be as brave as you! Much love.
You are adorable!!   Sending you light and love ❤️
This brought me back to my hair loss journey.  I was shedding more than the dog.  I did a self bob at home and days later I took my husband's clippers and just shaved my head.  And like you I owned it, said f-it to anyone judging and just rocked my bald head.  It helps that I live in arizona and have the nice heat to keep it warm too!
I don't usually comment but I had to on this video.  Bec,  you are Beautiful with or without hair! You have a loving man by your side, a family that is there for you and loving friends.  You have the world! As India.Aire says you are not your hair!!!  Stay strong girl. We're all praying for you.
You are beautiful with hair but gorgeous with no hair.  Nothing can take away your beautiful soul.  Prayers for your recovery.  Rock on gorgeous warrior.
You look amazing Bec! And in times like these just looking at the two of you and the love and support you share is sooo inspiring. Thank you for sharing your life with all of us!
Bec, you are stunning. Eamon, you rock.❤️🌼😎🤩 praying for you. 🙏🙏
You guys are amazing, lots and lots of love from Bristol UK 💛
You look like a French model!!! Rockin the short bob!!!
God Bless Eamon, what a perfect partner.
Bec I admire you so much. You are so incredibly strong and you will get through this. I love watching your videos every week, I cry with you and I laugh with you. Love you guys! stay strong eamon and bec!
🤍🤍
You are so beautiful, both of you!
Such a beautiful video!  I cried throughout most of it, but gained so much empowerment. Thank you for sharing!
noooo naaaah i wasnt ready for thisss, stay strong :(
wig name suggestion:  Harri-ette :)
Bec you are beautiful und look strong.. ..be strong..1000 Kisses from germany...
Thank you for sharing your life...the ups and the downs...you look beautiful with or without hair Bec. You are both champions. 🙌🙌💞 Sending hugs from Tanzania!
That wig is so beautiful! A name recommendation could be aqua or scarlet
When you have a beautiful soul you will always be beautiful on the outside too! That is you Bec! Sending so much love and positive vibes to you!!
Wow! The moment right before the full shave when you had a little hawk at the front…THAT looks amazing! But damn girl you look stunning bald! You are so freaking lucky. You have a beautiful head shape and you just really pull it off. Does that mean you shouldn’t grieve the loss of your hair? Absolutely not! I totally understand and I’d be devastated as well. I hope you can learn to really love and embrace your baldness. You look beyond words.
Sending so much love to you 2 beautiful people <3 You've helped me through some of my darkest moments. Watching your positivity and sharing your adventures has brought hope to me when I thought there was none.
🙏🏻 looking good , thanks for you to share this
Yes we redheads are super powered……. And unicorns!!! 😉😉😉
We cry with you, we cheer with you! 💛 You are a champion! Stay strong!
Your videos are very inspiring. Thank you for sharing.
Your beauty isn´t just in the hair ... everything with you is beautiful. You´re eyes sends so much beautiness and strength (excuse my bad spellings) Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Hugs from Sweden
Oh I am so grateful that you chose to share you life with all of us on YouTube. You are so beautiful and strong. Sending prayers from the states❤️❤️
Bald Bec looks sooooo badassss, like she could be an action hero and kick asses..... Instead of that, she's just a human hero! Way cooler!!
Long, short AND bald truly does really look good on you! I know it’s what people say to make people feel better but you honest to God pull it off!
Your so strong your so beautiful thank you for sharing your journey with us. I’m pretty new to the channel but you motivate me to always look for the positives even when I feel crummy. Thank you so much  You are super women
I am so sorry. Please look at Alternative medicine.. Many choices people are making these days are exacerbating underlying issues auto immune, malignancy etc  Some coming with an emergency trial. Be careful everyone, proceed with caution, insurance companies are saying your fault, we didn’t force you.
Love you guys.
Your beautiful Bec. I have alopecia and the first few months were the hardest, you got this.
We all need much more videos of both of you sharing your happiness and love with the world, please dont forget that, we love you Bec! ❤ and Eamon too ❤
You are smashing this!! Such an inspiration to everyone here ❤️❤️
Le meilleur est à venir, you look beautiful.
I’m sorry but I cannot watch anymore at this time, God Bless you Bec. Stay strong, you are so beautiful.
You should do Amazon lace wig hauls. Watch some YouTube wig hauls to see how to alter them to cut some baby hairs, take shine out etc. I love wig hauls.
Thank you for sharing this journey, in all its truth and vulnerability. That moment when you reached out for one another at the end of your yoga practice, is perhaps one of the purest images of love I have ever seen, and I am so grateful to have witnessed it.   <3
You rock the bald head. Eamon is right you look beautiful with or without hair.
Yeah well l’m 55 and your hair pattern looks like like mine...but with a waaay more beautiful face ! 🧡
Bec, you are STUNNING bald!!
When Eamon kissed the wig face, all I could think of was a blowup doll...😄
Gorgeous inside & out as always Bec! 🌼
Eamon was right, you look hot bald!  Now to start your runway model career!  Lol.  Just wanted to send you both some love!  I was thinking as I watched your video today, how wonderful that you already had the cabin completed and now you can focus on getting well!
You are so brave, and you ARE absolutely beautiful - as you are, in every way! 👊🏼❤️
Heartbreaking and beautiful.  I have so much affection for you both.
You look amazing bald!  I went through chemo a year ago for HER2+ breast cancer.  I liked my shaved head SO MUCH.  Now my hair is growing back SO thick and crazy curly.  I look like Eraserhead in the morning!!!  So I am still wearing hats and wraps until I can manage it.  You got THIS!
I would call the wig Felicia so when finally you conquer cancer you can throw her away and yell „bye, Felicia!“ 🧡
You look adorable no matter what, sorry love beauty is not in your , it is in your beautiful personality and beautiful smile, and face period. I am not losing my hair from cancer but I am losing my hair from old age and now I have a very short hair cut. And I am not pretty as you. I will continue to pray for your grace and mercy and I pray and give thanks to Eamon for sticking by you as a friend and loving husband and caregiver. God Bless love’s 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾❤️❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾💕💕💕♥️♥️♥️
Name the wig Feyre (Fay-ruh).  Or Danika.  =)
🙏🙏this too shall pass
❤️
BALD IS BEAUTIFUL & STRONG!
You are both warriors, and beautiful. It is hard and real life, but you are so incredible for sharing this journey with us!
Positive and good vibes and may your higher power bless you and keep you both. Love you guys and congratulations on 1 million subscribers. ,💞
Thank you for sharing this journey with all of us.  We love you and support you both.   🙏🏻❤️
Have you watched the show Schitts creek? Definitely name it!!
Being bald and not being afraid to show it must feel empowering!  Good for you!  Think of yourself as some kick ass chick when you are rocking your baldness!  Like how Ani Difranco used to be.  And the possibilities with wigs is endless!  Just ask your friend Aimee from Kingin It.  I think wearing a hat over a wig is also a good look for you.  So proud of you!
You are beautiful with or without. As an old, retired chemo nurse, it's far better to cut it off at once and less traumatic than watch it fall out. You're a trooper, up for the journey you're on.
I’m so glad you guys finished your home base before things got wild for a little for ya 💛 you guys got this though ☀️☀️☀️
You are beautiful outside but even more on the inside!!! You e got this💕😘
You look beautiful Bec! More prayers and love coming your way!!! ♥️♥️♥️
Thinking of you today, Bec and Eamon. I'm so proud of you. You are strong, capable, and so beautiful. Sending you love and healing, Sunshine!💛
Praying for the best possible outcome🙏🏽🌹
🥰🥰🙏🙏 love the energy!
Whether long hair, short hair, no hair or wig, you look amazing
You are so amazing and strong!! ❤️
The wig is giving Megan or maybe Alice lol. ❤....i think you should listen to "I am not my hair" by India Airie. Bald Bec is sexy AF!
Your so so beautiful Bec. Hair or no hair ,your gorgeous.  Sending so much love to both of you. Youve got this. We're with you 💗💗
You two are beautiful  people.Sending hugs xxxx
Bec literally looks like a superhero. Which I mean…she is <3
Bec you look absolutely stunning and hot ❤
Bec, You look beautiful!  Eamon is clearly a wonderful partner.
Bec you look awesome with or without your hair... stunning X Eamon you're a fantastic guy, true and honest...love you guys ❤️
I cried with you Bec. All the emotions came through and we all feel you. Eamon is going to take great care of you through all of this. You are the kind of person who rocks all the hair styles, but short is really you. And bald? Gorgeous!!! We're with you...heart and soul.
⚘Bec you look amazing, stunning, gorgeous in short to cropped hair. Hair doesn't define us...you are beautiful inside & out!!!! Eamon you are a champ & handsome. Thanks for being so supportive to Bec.
Eamon, you set a good example for the loving and supportive men who are out here going through the cancer battle with the love of their life. Thanks for what you do, buddy. Keep on rocking.
Eamon, shave all your hair off too mate!
I don't think I have ever experienced so many types of tears.  Hurtful tear, tears of deep sadness, tears of concern, tears of relief and those tears that left my tummy aching from belly rolls of silly laughter.  You two are such an inspiration.  You've shown me that hand in hand, we humans can show the true power of love, in any circumstance.  You are two of the sweetest people, I just have to say. Love you, both.
By the way you have a beautiful shaped head Bec. Your a superstar.
Prayers from Kauai ☀️🌴🙏🏡Kauai xoxo
Bec you are soo beautiful and strong ❤️😍
Thank you for sharing your journey with us, both of you! Nothing & no one can take your beauty from you. You’re a champion and an overcomer. Love wins ❤️
i found your guys' channel in the midst of the pandemic and watching all your previous videos of travels helped me feel like i could escape from the feeling of isolation and my depression the worst its ever been. learning that you two are also canadian, and truly the sweetest most genuine love for eachother ive ever seen it just breaks my heart to see you going through this. bec you're beautiful and the two of you have such pure hearts. you're strong as frick and i'm sending you all the love from the west coast 🍁💜
You both are so amazing. ❤️ Sending love and prayers your way. 💞🙏
so proud of u. <3
❤️❤️❤️
I cried right along with you. You are incredibly strong to share these hard moments with us. You are helping people feel less alone.
Ive been thinking of you dear soul . last November, my very best BFF was diagnosed- immediate  biopsy was called for -  both breasts,   one swollen lymph node left arm pit..-   it was Sunday i was in tears-over your situation when .... She broke the inevitable news finally. She's asked for the link to your story. Now.  Your are so pretty and courageous Bec  Jana is too & has hair so blond so thick , long and beautiful.  Cutting it - she's excited!  The biopsy appointment was terrifying. I'll save the chapter for another episode.  Your journey is awe inspiring.  God be with you ☮️🎶✨🌠 -
Sending love and hugs to you and all your family. Thank you for your positivity.
Lookn beauteeeeful. 😁     💫💛💫 And 👏 👏👏 to Eamon for being such a good rock.
I love you, Bec. I know you can surpass this; I've been a long silent subscriber, I feel that you need these comments from your yt family. We are always here every step of the way. Love you stay strong buddy!! 🤍🤍
Can we all just appreciate how amazing of a partner that Eamon is? And of course Bec incredibly strong for sharing all of the raw emotions so publicly. Much Love and Aloha to the both of you.
Your sunshine SHINES through your head now!!!  You look AMAZING!!!  Totally Zen. ♥️. My biopsy was Friday and I find out my diagnosis any day now. radiologist said there was a 40% chance it is cancer. But, I'm trying to focus on the 60%. Either way, your journey has made it less scary and offers me so much comfort. I just can't thank you enough. 💗
Bec you’re absolutely beautiful with and without hair the way you and Eamon love and uplift eachother is so amazing and inspiring, I am so glad you guys have the courage to share this journey with the world 💕
Your beautiful Bec ❤️ your a very strong woman. I really love how Eamon takes care of you I know this is his journey also the support is great you two are amazing you got this keep rocking it. Love you both 💗
I’m so sorry for you bec I feel so terrible for you and I hope you’re holding up OK but I think you should name your wig Salem because that name fits you and your wig and you’re beautiful no matter what hairstyle you have no matter what you’re wearing I think you’re amazing just the way you are I am praying for you and I hope you’re OK❤️💗👍🏼
Awe Bec you look incredible.  And Eamon  you are the sweetest sole ever.  I just love you guys so much. Stay strong!!!
You and Eamon are the best!
I have lupus. I ha e loss a lot of hair. Lucky I haven't lost my hair. It was a shock to see all the sheded hair once I started the kemo pills. Prays. Rock the blad look. Your beautiful! So at the beginning of the video you said it's a sign that your sick. No honey it's a sign to the world that your brave and strong. That's what I though when my grandma went through breast cancer.
Beautiful message. I can only encourage every woman out there to try wearing short/no hair to see through the myth that your hair style makes you more or less beautiful.
Everything is temporary and just take it as a wake up call to learn more about healing foods.  Don't worry you are beautiful hair or no hair 😊 and next thing you know your going to have your beautiful long hair back again and sipping on virgin piña coladas 🍍🍹🍹🍍 but you can also be sipping without hair 😄🙏 my prayers that you are led to the path of enlightenment and healing. You have alot of work and learning to do but also rest is necessary.  I wish you healing and blessings Bec and Eamon from me another human to y'all 👋🦋🙏
Your strength and perseverance individually and as a couple are truly beautiful to behold- thank you so much for sharing such an intimate and personal journey. I keep you both in my thoughts And prayers during the week and always look forward to seeing you on Sundays!
💗
Such beautiful people.  You two are amazing souls.  Much love.
Love you Bec ♥️
So hard to watch. You guys are such a gorgeous couple.
Bec you look amazing!  I just had my mammogram last week and a call on Friday that they found a lump. I have been following your journey I and I think you are so brave to put yourself out there. Sending you healing vibes.
BEC YOU ARE A BADDIE! IM HERE FOR IT. 💖💖 Your beauty goes far beyond hair.
Ugh you’re amazing! Every video makes me more and more amazed by both of your positive thoughts. Eamon is so gentle and genuine and kind. You both truly Iight up the room with your kind souls. Thank you for sharing your journey. ❤️ we love you guys!
Eamon shave your head
This was overwhelming and I surprised myself when I felt tears on my face watching you go through this. But you look incredible!! It’s amazing how our hair can be so closely tied to our identity without even realizing it. You’re inspiring, Bec. Thank you for sharing your journey with us! Much love! 💛
I think whats really shinning through for me during this hard period for you guys is the love. This is the love story of eamon  and bec.
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out. Your hair was beautiful but it does not make you less you. You are so beautiful. Eamon I just love the way you treat Bec. Love you guys. ❤
Love the bob.   It’s adorable.  ❤️
This video hit me hard. Bec, you are so beautiful. When I was 17 I lost one of my best friends from cancer and I wouldn’t wish this upon anyone. Thank you for sharing your journey, you’re amazing!
Amen this one is foe you are both destiny together. And for Bec keep going
You are both beautiful.  Love you guys.
Bec you are amazing, strong and beautiful . My mum went through chemo also and lost all her hair. Stay strong 😘
Absolutely beautiful…No matter what. I have never seen anyone as kind and positive as you are!
I'm here to echo the sentiments of everyone else... You are beautiful inside and out, hair or no hair... Thank you both so much fir raking yes on thus journey with you... Sending you both hugs, love and positive energy from snowy Colorado!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Can I just say with the short hair or shaved head you look just like Audrey Hepburn.
I never thought I would be as invested, connected or involved with people online as I am with you. I cry every tear with you and feel every emotion right along side you. Been here since just before the Mexico trip with little Rojo and can’t wait to be with you till your journey online ends. You guys are so amazing and so inspiring. Lee would be proud! Thank you for sharing. Much love
You remind me of Sigourney Weaver when playing Ellen Ripley with a shaved head. Sending you all the positive energy and strenght from the UK!!!
Honestly you're gorgeous Bec. Hair is just an accessory, but it is so hard to lose things that we feel identify us. But it makes us stronger when we realise we are the same gorgeous person without it. And I'm lost for words at how supportive Eamon is! You are both kicking cancer in the arse! Thank you for sharing your story. I'm sure it is helping people all over the world going through their own cancer journey. Take care both of you and f**k cancer!
Guys, I’ve been watching Lee and Max for years and I felt like I lost someone along with you. When I didn’t see any video last week my heart hurt, I was so stressed! By all means, take your time with filming. Just worried something else happened….and Bec, I know this situation calls for a shaved head but I truly think everyone should do it at least once in their life. It’s invigorating! You look stunning!
Great spirits don't need hair
You look beautiful no matter what. Hair or no hair love you no matter how you look.
I feel so bad for you back I hope you’re OK and I hope you’re holding up OK but I think you should name your wig Salem because I think it’s a beautiful name and the name also suits you so I feel like you should name it Salem praying for you❤️👍🏼
You two are so beautiful, inside and out. Beauty always starts from the inside. Love and Sunshine.
I am praying for you Bec. Thank you for sharing your journey 💖 oh and Eamon is the best!
bec really rocks with the shaved head, she’ll look beautiful no matter what length of hair she has ! :D
Bec…you’re beautiful and strong. After watching this video, I felt the need to hear Lee’s voice and found a video where she was feeling low, and felt the need to tell her subscribers. I quickly shut it off, and thought how lucky you are to have Eamon. What’s happening to you sucks, but your strength is incredible. You may not feel it, but we all can see it! You have it, so stay strong, and you’ll come out the winner of this journey!
We love you, you are beautiful and amazing.  Blessings and prayers 🙏 🙏🙏❤❤❤
I agree with Eamon - you look badass, Bec! I have just prayed for you both - for healing and peace for Bec, and for continued strength, courage, and an awesome sense of humor for Eamon. 🙏🙏🙏 (Also, congrats on 1M!)
Bec you really are amazing. I know you will read it a million times but know you have a million people out there in the world who love you....all that positive energy must feel good. Xx
You look amazing in short and long hair. Cancer runs in my family hard thing to deal with. But You are going to get through all of this I know it 🌺
I never identity baldness with cancer. My name is Neal Lake by the way nice to meet y'all. I have a 20 year old woman that' cuts my hair. She has no hair. She explained to me without me asking about her baldness......She wanted a change. Thank y'all so much for the video's! And you are a beautiful inside and out Bec.
Bec, it seems a bit strange to send a message to someone I've never met, but I needed to say that your strength and your ability to feel and sit with your emotions is amazing and inspiring. And  I totally agree with Eamon and so many others that you are so beautiful with and without hair. Stay strong and thank you for sharing this journey with us.
We get so attached to our hair because it is genuinely a huge part of our physical identity.we spend money and time and energy keeping it healthy. Bec,  you are stunning, inside and out, and while your hair was beautiful, it didn't define you. You remain beautiful, maybe even more so now, because of your strength, resilience and positivity and your willingness to share all your vulnerabilities. Eamon too is showing us all what true love is in the way he so naturally and wholeheartedly supports you, his endless encouragement and his willingness to put his own fears aside to help you navigate yours. This channel is an island in the stormy seas of life in 2022 and I hope the community you've both built here can help you navigate your own stormy seas. So much love qnd light to you both. You've got this. ❤❤
You are beautiful! Your spirit is inspiring!
Kara and Nate made me cry and now Eamon and Bec made me cry.  The love and support you each have for the other is SO powerful. Eamon is right Bec it’s only hair and it does grown back. Much love, support and nothing but positive thoughts to both of you.❤️❤️
😭😭😭😭my friend lost hers it grows back Beck. I asked Robin Roberts to pray for you, her partner is going thru the same thing😭
This is what the internet should be about. People sharing their emotional, life changing journeys. Imagine someone else going through this emotional journey watching this and feeling so much comfort. Thank you for sharing your journey bec, you're such a brave strong woman
Bec, you are so beautiful and you have a wonderful, beautiful, symmetrical head. You are so brave to share this journey with us.  You do look so awesome with a bald head.  Good luck with the chemotherapy.  Keep up the great, positive attitude.  Love from Colorado.❤️
Your kindness, intelligence, and your loveing heart make you beautiful. Your hair is only a small part to your beautiful face and without the hair we see all of your beautiful face. Love you Beck.
You are stunning Bec! God bless and keep you both.  My prayers are always with you.
So happy you are able to embrace your physical beauty without your hair. Able to find the fun in trying new looks you otherwise would have never tried. Thanks for sharing so.e of the raw moments. I am sure it helps many people. Although I don't have to deal with health issues right now in my life this kind of messaging helps all of us. Helps us be connected and kind and caring.
you are beautiful and strong Bec. The battle is hard and you will win. And you will be stronger than ever
If you are this wise and amazing as a young couple, what will you be like as an old couple? A blessing to all who are lucky enough to know you.
Aw Bec your so BEAUTIFUL with or without your hair!!! Eamon your are such a loving and kind MAN! I love you both so much! Stay strong Loves 💕💕
Eamon you are a fabulous support! Bec it is just hair as he says and you are so loved! Hang in there! Sending you positive energy!
You Look Great!
You are SUCH an inspiration! Thank you for all of your amazing energy, hoping to send just a tiny little bit of joy back to you! Love from Austria!!!!
Please just remember that hair doesn't make you beautifull. Your beauty comes from within and you are the most beautifull and strong person I've ever come across on the internet!!!
Bec's hair is out for a sunny vacation💛  don't you worry it will come back. Meanwhile that gorgeous jaw line and beautiful eyes get to be the star of the show😘 Meanwhile blonde or red head bec??🤔🤔😍😍 You've never looked more beautiful and more strong 💪❤ dont forget Eamon and oso and all of us your YouTube community are sending positive healing vibes💛❤💙🤎
Oh my Bec, I cried with you all the way as I am also very attached to my hair!  I so get it.  Eamon, is correct, you look amazing with a shaved head!  Beauty shines out of you, whether you have hair or you're bald!  Eamon, you are a total star and thank you for looking after Bec so well.
I was crying with you! Thank you for sharing this journey! Your beautiful inside and out! ❤️
You are beautiful …. Your eyes are beautiful and the eyes of your soul!
Bec you can pull off any hairstyle! It's amazing how beautiful you look! I know it's a hard time but you will get through this. Sending you all the love and a  speedy recovery 💕💕💕
Love you Bec and Eamon. Thank you for sharing your journey. ❤️
💕💕 Bec!
You really do look stunning! Reminds me of a young Sinead O'connor (an irish singer)
Bec, you look more beautiful than ever with your new hairstyle.  Eamon, sending you so much love as this situation must be so hard for you too. From being Bec’s partner you’re now a caretaker as well. You’re both the most beautiful souls, and you’re positivity will pull you through. 🧡
I love eamon and you together. You two are so cute. The support between you two makes my heart feel so whole.
Eamon is such an amazing supportive partner. Every person going through a journey like this should have a positive supportive person like that to help them.
I'm literally bawling in my living room.😭😪 You look great Bec! God knows exactly what he's doing and you're in amazing hands! Love you!❤
Stunner!  A beautiful, powerful, woman…who happens, at this moment, to have no hair….love and light sweet woman.
You got this Bec!!
Watching with my 12 yo, thanks for being so open and honest about your emotions and the process. You’re taking the fear out of cancer for everyone who watches.
You are amazing so strong and so brave and so beautiful with or without hair.  I had my hair shaved a few years back to raise money for a uk cancer channel (its documented in my channel).
She's so beautiful 😍she rocks the bald hair 🔥🔥🔥🔥🤟🤟🤟 I'm sorry you're battling cancer but you will get through this you're so strong💪 and amazing and I love watching you guys Bec and Eamon you guys both Rock that's good he so supportive I love watching both of you guys prayers is headed your way 🙏 and angels 😇 you guys both Rock!!! 🤟😊🤟💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
I had to stop the video at the 14:52 point because I couldn’t watch through the tears. This moment took me back to when my mom started losing her hair and eventually shaved it too due to chemo. God bless you Bec, you are beautiful and strong.
❤️ ya Bec, you’re absolutely beautiful, no matter what!! Blessings and 🙏!
Stunningly beautifiel hair or no hair. You are blessed to have an exceptionally nice shaped head and lovely elegant neck! Rocking the wigs too. ❤️
Sending so much love ❤️ you are so stunning Bec, inside and out you are BEAUTIFUL. And Eamon in those wigs, 😍, you are such a great caretaker/cheerleader/friend/husband.
Just wanted to let you know that I love you guys and am sending you healing vibes! Bec you look amazing bald! Strong & beautiful! And btw I don't think people would see you without hair and think you are sick, they would think you are a badass military fighter! Just think of this as your military haircut as you fight this fight!
Bec you are beautiful, hair or no hair! Stay strong!
All the very very best Bec!  And good vibes to you too Eamon.
I cried so much watching this, you guys. You both have come so far, and are powering through this time so graciously. Big shoutout to Eamon, the love & support you give to Bec is truly unparalleled, you guys are just the absolute best. Sending you both lots & lots of love, and positive energy!!!!  P.S. - Bec, you look GORGEOUS & POWERFUL <3
I love you Bec 😍  Eamon is a blessing 🙌 💖
Bec, you’re gorgeous and you and Eamon are just beautiful together. A couple that empowers each other is pretty special. Praying to God and/or the Universe for your healing!😘❤️
Oh Bec.. I know how you feel about your hair. I’m so sorry. It gonna be ok. I know it won’t help but it WILL grow Bach. And girl, you’re pretty with and without.
Bec, you look fabulous. Thankyou for sharing your journey with all of us.Love and hugs to both of you.
I wish I looked as beautiful as you...keep the warrior spirit,
I think it looks cool Bec. Love you. 💕
You both are so amazing! Eamon the love you show Bec is such a heartfelt emotion. Bec you are a stunning woman inside and out. You are giving so much to woman and men who are battling health issues. Much love from Nashville Tennessee
Bald is better. I made a music video about it several years ago. Hope it makes you smile. https://youtu.be/a_DYXnXi0gQ
Your eyes are amazing! You're such a beautiful soul. Sending you a lot of love from the Netherlands.
I'm so sorry you're going through all this. I think you rock the bob and the buzzcut and I'd love to see a pixie on you, too, but I also understand that it's not really about looking good, it's just become such a part of your identity, it can be like amputating a body part. conversely, if somebody forced me to change my pixie to longer-than-shoulders hair, I'd probably bawl.
You look stunning Bec!! As a woman I totally understand being attached to your hair, but you overcame all those emotions like a badass.. on top of everything else you're going through!!! It's inspiring!! Eamon your support, and love for Bec shines through every video, she's so incredibly lucky to have someone like you by her side!!
You. Are. Beautiful. Some heads don't work well shaved. Yours does. You're doubly blessed in that you have Eamon and your family there to support you. Sending you love and my continued prayers. Stay strong.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! 🤩🤩🤩
All I have to say is, Bec, you look awesome.
You look so beautiful  ❤❤ its just hair but I cry with you 😥 I know your feeling , but you stay strong and Eamons love , you are adorable stay strong Sending love ❤🙏
Bec, you are so beautiful and strong! I wish you two all the best, you deserve it 💙🌎
You have the most amazing attitude and your gorgeous with or without hair. Hair only enhances the beautiful features that you were born with. Sending positive vibes, thoughts and love from Minnesota.
Bec you are always beautiful No matter the har style.  Thanks for sharing your story!  I sm still tearing up for you as loosing my hair if i were to get sick is something that I worry about.  Thank you for being so brave and working through it with us.  I will keep you guys in prayer as I know this journey is tough.  I love that you get a plant 🪴 after each chemo treatment!  What a great idea.  Stay strong 💪
GI Jane is a movie from the 80s. try to watch it. There was also a bald girl on Star Trek in the 80s who was gorgeous.
You can doit bec love you🤩🥰💯
You are absolutely beautiful!!
You're so beautiful Bec. Inside and out. Of course physically you are gorgeous, you rock long hair, short hair, no hair, you are just gorgeous. But inside. Inside you are so beautiful, so stunning, so gorgeous. I take so much from you, thank you. I cried with you. I keep asking myself why, why is this happening, you two being such lovely people and then I remember cancer has no selection, its random and painful but emerging strong is a must. Bless you and Eamon. I'm proud of him for being such an amazing husband.
I wish I could give you a hug bec I’m so sorry your going through this sending positive thoughts to u guys and hugs 🤗 u look amazing 🥲
God bless you both.
All I see is a very strong woman, especially when you were shaving your head. I understand the insecurities you are feeling. But please know your beautiful strength is what shines through the strongest.  Hugs to you both 💜
You look one heck of a lot better than I did bald.  I looked like Uncle Fester. LOL. And yes, it’s fair to say it’s part of the trauma, especially if you’ve always had long hair. It does change the way you feel when you look in the mirror.  In the end, though, you’re going to start seeing the strength you are developing as you get through each step.    And, this is going to be fun—a lot of times your hair will come in kind of fine and curly for a while. It will probably go back to your normal texture in time, but for awhile you can enjoy being naturally curly.  You have things to look forward to!!  ETA: I posted the first part before I saw more than a glimpse of the bald look—you seriously look awesome, girl!  Oh, and one other little thing. You may not have had this problem but I am ALWAYS hot. When I was bald, my head felt amazing—first time in my life my scalp felt really cool.  I loved it!
Bec, what has always shined the brightest are your insides. Your adventures nature, your supportive spirit, you are a great friend and your going to be an awsome mom:)) you look really pretty bald, you‘re rocking it🥳🥳
U beautiful with or without hair u could wear scarves around ur head u could do different things  When ur hair grows back is gonna come in thicker  Am continue to pray for u
The tears that I have shed for you is unreal. Thank you for sharing your journey, sending all the love 💗, healing vibes and prayers 🙏🏼 from New Brunswick. You’ve got this and together will kick cancers a$$  ❤️
Bec you look stunning! I asked my 4yo what he thought and he said you look good and asked why you missed your hair (also thanks for that teaching moment). Kids are brutally honest so you get a very honest seal of approval here! You and Eamon can share wigs. I LOVE the scarf!!! And the wigs  and your head beauty!
Bec you are amazing and so inspirational ❤️❤️ You are so strong and beautiful 🥰🥰
Love you Beck!! You are so beautiful no matter what your hair looks like !!
U  r so beautiful. Keep growing
She looks amazing with any hairstyle with her beautiful face! Rock it girl!! Sending healing vibes your way! We love you ❤
You’re so beautyful bec✨💗
Bec you look absolutely beautiful with or without hair you are so strong and amazing
Yes hair is beautiful, and yours was gorgeous, but honestly, the first thing I look at when I see you are your eyes Bec. You have the kindest eyes, the most symmetrical features. If anyone needed hair the least to look beautiful and feminine, I would say it’s you. That said, you should be so proud of embracing the duvet days which you said had been a challenge during your first round of chemo. Small wins 🙂 Eamon, you’re such a gem. You show such an inspiring love. I’m so grateful for the opportunity to witness your journey individually and as a couple.
You r beautiful with hair and without it,but don't worry it will grow back.cheers
You’re so wholesome Bec💜 sending you positive healing vibes✨
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I love watching your videos. The strength you show bec is inspiring. You're truly a beautiful person inside and out. Eamon the love and support you show bec is beautiful. So much love for both of you ❤❤❤
Your vulnerability to share your journey is absolutely beautiful and brave. I shared tears with you as I lay and watch your video. You two are something special as you navigate through this difficult time.  Love, support, and hugs sent to you from WI, usa.
The care you take with each other is 🔥
So brave to show us all the ups and downs, tears and laughter, I would not be so strong.. Shout out to your family for being there, they rock too.
I love the idea of combining your hair with Eamon's to make a wig!! Sending hugs and support ♥️♥️
Eamon is the biggest cheerleader and supportive partner and I love that for you both. It’s a blessing to have one another especially during these times. You look beautiful Bec!! With or without the hair! You’re a warrior and I can’t wait to see the end of your journey and you ring that bell and kick cancers ass!! 💪💪❤️❤️❤️
I feel like the wig should be named Catherine! No clue why! Also your so strong through this process!
Like Sinead O’Connor!
This is so sad. I can't imagine having to lose my hair 🥲
Bec you are so beautiful! You look gorgeous! Whether you have hair or don’t you are so pretty!
You are beautiful Bec! You and Eamon are very inspiring.
You are absolutely beautiful physically and in every single way!  You are one of those people who can ROCK any look. Love you guys. Thank you for sharing your journey. If it makes you feel better, I’m willing to share a pic of my nubby toe. My husband, my best half, who I lost 2 years ago, used to call my nubby, my sixth toe!  Lol! A little kid once came up to me, looked at my sandaled feet, and said, “what happeeeeeened?”  🤨 🤣OMGsh! Lol! Bec, you are a mighty Warrior for LIVING. Just for today, breathe. That’s it. Just breathe. Love you 💓✝️🙏🏻🤓
Bec, I can see it is very hard. You look very cut without hair honestly but you likely hate it. Glad you are having some good days. Wig looks really good!! Prayers coming.
Thank u for sharing with us ur vulnerability.  I am again honoured to witness ur strength . My heart is with u
Beauty comes from within, and you shine with much beauty.
U look so cute 😍 an eamon u are such a loving an supportive person don't ever change those qualities u 2 are the cutest xxx
😘
the love u two share is beyond powerful, watching u two support and care for each other in hard moments is such a bittersweet feeling. i’m sad to see u two go through such things, but knowing u have each other makes my heart warm 🖤 i love u guys so so so much. i hope one day to give u guys the biggest hug ever. i’ve said it once but i’ll say it again, i’m so fricken proud 🖤🖤🖤 TO BEING A BALD BABE
Stay strong! ✊🏼
Bec, as someone who lost her hair at age 11, due to alopecia, bald is SO SO SO empowering!!!!
Such an amazingly brave and beautiful vlog! You are both amazing! So much love from me to you 💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Bec, you are rocking the bald look! I am not kidding, you are beautiful inside and out and you are one of the strongest women I have ever seen in my life! I think you and Eamon are like two angels that were put here on earth to help feed our souls with all your good! Y’all are in my prayers!
You guys are both beautiful. Thank you for sharing this journey with us. Congrats on hitting 1M subscribers. Sending love & strength. 💗
Bad ass! Bec, you look amazing!!!
I love me some Eamon and Bec!!! Your soooo beautiful Bec...inside and out!!❤🤗😊
I want to say you are my role model, you are beautiful, cut your hair, but still beautiful.  Your actions encourage us.  come on
There’s 3.6K comments here already (WOW! Are you super loved, or what!!🥰). So the odds of you seeing mine are really low. But, oh well. Lol. My daughter is a tattoo artist. A couple of months ago she was giving this lady a tattoo. She had just found out her husband was cheating on her. So my daughter was doing a cover up over his name. Then the next month she found out she had stage 3 breast cancer. My daughter heard from her that she was losing her hair. Next thing I know, my daughter shaved her head to show her support. So when you said the trend in 2022 was a shaved head, yep!! Oh and I love the shelves over your bed! Beautiful!!
You got a BEAUTIFUL head on those shoulders! You make ANY hair style look good, even no-hair style
Girl you look incredible. Seriously you look like a stunningly beautiful strong incredible woman!
I have the same pot. I have named it Harry Pot de Fleur
You are one strong woman and person and I know that you are going to beat this and I hope 🤞🏻this will be over and that you can get your life back♥️, also you have the best Eamon by your side who loves you for who you are and best help in the world. I’m praying 🙏 for both of you guys.
Good job Bec we love you!!
O Bec you look stunning with that Bob my prayers are with you both at the moment you look stunning with it shaved such a attractive young lady🤗love Juliet from the UK 🇬🇧
Bec,stay strong. Speedy recovery
Bec.. my boyfriend and I actually think you’re pretty hot with no hair! It looks SO good 🥰💖
Wow the wig looks exactly like your hair.
You. Look. Badass!!! 😘
you’re so strong bec❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are stunning inside and out! Y’all  are super strong and so kind! Stay positive! :)
The hair loss was the hardest part for me watching my hair fall out i broke down so many times so i made the choice to shave it all off it took along time to get use to it but it did now its back not as long as it was but its back now keeping u in prayer's
That chickpea-draining-asmr though 🤣😝🥴
Go Bec. You are an inspiration to everyone. You're stunning, with or without hair. Beautiful within and out. Stay strong girl... You've got this. All the love in the world to you both
Bec you have such a beautiful soul, and that absolutely shines through. You suit long hair, short hair, wigs, hairscarf and no hair at all! It's completely normal for this to be a tough experience, but you are so strong, and you have the support of the wonderful Eamon, Bear, your family and friends, and all of us! We are all here for you, sending so much love, healing and positive vibes  ✨❤ Also when the wig of your own and Eamon's hair comes in you should call it your sunshine wig!
Bec you are an AMAZING & STRONG QUEEN!! Yes, you can Rock any hair style!! ❤❤👏🏾👏🏾
You look good Bec Believe in yourself
You are a strong beautiful woman inside and out. Eamon is the best!
You look amazing 🤩
You are so strong and it’s so beautiful how you look for the beauty and positivity in even the scariest times. You’re incredible!
Bec you are the bravest and most bad ass person on planet earth! Keep going you got this! We appreciate you and Eamon
The emotions I have watching this 🥺. All so familiar. This cancer will not define you. You will overcome it. So proud of yours & Eamon strength!
Hey guys... It's temporary. I know it's a bit traumatic, but it does grow back, just give it time. The "silver lining" being it may grow back differently, so maybe you'll end up with a full head of luscious curls !!!  Stay positive...You'll get through this !!!
just keep swimming
嗨！希望你们好好的！积极乐观心态！加油！爱你们！
My heart is breaking for you lovely, but looking forward to you being well so very well soon, keep on doing what you're doing it won't be long till new hair and New you xxx
He's so right..you look totally rad! I've fantasized about shaving my head. But I don't have the balls. When I see a woman with a shaved head she looks like a badass queen. 💜
Bec you look so hot bald girl. You rock it. Beautiful xx
You are in my thoughts and prayers.  Praying for healing and recovery.  You are beautiful with or without hair.
Simply Beautiful 😊
Love you Bec❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so Beautiful❤
Last weekend I had 10inches of my hair cut off in your honor Bec❤️👍🏻My hair had grown to the middle of my back! I’m not sure if I can donate because I have way too many gray hairs. Exploring my options in Yuma. Stay strong! We are in it to win it👍🏻😊Thank you for sharing. Have a peaceful week😘
You've shown so much strength and dignity bec you are both beautiful inside and on the outside, Eamon you are next level husband, the support you give bec is just beautiful. I'm going through my own cancer journey my father has terminal throat cancer so watching you makes feel not alone, as my father lives in Australia and I live in the uk. Love and hugs and strength. Suze xx
Wow Bec. You are absolutely beautiful without hair. I am talking model worthy. Calling vogue
You really do look incredible bald!  You have a great shaped head and your face is stunning so don't worry about being bald.  My son has terminal brain cancer and then his wife went through her own cancer journey and I was visiting them and staying at their home when she lost her hair and shaved her head.  The sound of her cries as she sat in the bath and her hair just came out in clumps was absolutely heart breaking.  To cry doesn't mean you are weak it just means that you are trying to cope with all of the changes and feelings that come along your journey towards wellness.  I send you hugs and high fives for looking so damn good!
Dear Beck. You are strong and truly beautiful inside and no-one can take it away from you.
You got this, and you rock the bald
Love you guys. 💖
Never in my 41 years on earth have I ever seen one woman rock every possible hairstyle AND baldness. Unbelievably gorgeous!
You look like Demi Moore when she shaved her head! So strong and beautiful. Thanks for sharing your story, even the vulnerable parts. You are giving me and so many others strength by inspiring us with yours.
❤
LOVE YOU BEC
Someone needs to create a go fund me page to get those guys a gift after this journey ends. What a freaking worriers!
You look absolutely stunning in all the hair styles!!!! <3 loved the bob but as Eamon said you look really hot as bald. I always had a thing for bald women I guess. I know you are not a beauty channel but could you try and do a really hardcore makeup look with that bald head? I think it would look freaking awesome. Lots of love from Finland!
Both of you are Beautiful People💚💚💚
Even tho you get so much love I don't think you realize how many people's lives will change by you guys doing these videos. Personally I've lost someone to cancer adn seeing your journey just gives me so much comfort and YOU GO GIRL
Pray for Eamon too! He's doing so well.
This hits deep.  My brother went through chemo because he had cancer in his lymph nodes so I can understand the heaviness of your situation. He's okay now (at least what he says).  You will be fine Bec, just keep positive no matter what!  Accept God's plan for you, all things shall pass.  Praying for everyone, God bless
You are and will always be so beautiful Bec, from the inside out. I m not the only one seeing this so it must be for something.And you really look awesome bald, like some movie star from a post apocalyptic movie!  I also commend 200% your will to be so genuine and transparent about your journey (hehe now you have a better understanding of Amy's relation to wigs, from Kinging it) As for the cravings with chemo, yes it is a fact, think of it as cravings from a pregnant woman because you are ALSO recreating new cells root for life. Listen to your cravings, listen to your body.
This couple are the biggest inspiration. I wish them all the best. Also bec had a great head for being bold, so cute xxx
What a journey, Bec, i felt very close from you when you talked about insecurity about your hair, i feel the same. You are so brave. Stand with you.
YOU ARE SO STRONG AMAZING LOVING BEAUTIFUL AND SWEET WE LOVE YOU NO MATTER WHAT!!!!!! PRAYING FOR YOU LOVE YOU
My daughter is 5 years into the journey power to you for sharing❤️
The love and support you share is sooooo beautiful!
In the words of Barbara Streisand - 'Hello Gorgeous!'
You pulled off every hairstyle you tried out in this video!! Looking badass, I mean it! Much love to both of you. You're so strong!
You two are in my prayers daily. Thank you for sharing this journey with us. The love you have for each other is amazing.
Dear Bec,  I want you to think about your own thoughts when you see someone who has lost her hair.  I know they are compassionate and positive thoughts. So, turn those thoughts to yourself. Thoughts of hope and strength and love, knowing that she is a warrior fighting the battle of her life.  We are sending those thoughts your way too!  I am so sorry that you are going through this. No one deserves this and you least of all. You are so strong and I know that you will be able to get through every day. Be kind to yourself, though. Getting through doesn't always mean getting out of bed. You have a man who loves you fiercely and a family who will also love you through this. I hope that you are able to find a new joy every day even if it is a small one on some days. It is my prayer that you are quickly healed. You have cancer, but that is not the essence of who you are.  Ok... I wasn't going to tell you that you are beautiful, because I figured you have heard that plenty...because you are, so everyone will tell you  However, I am to the point of the video where you just shaved your head.  You have always been beautiful, but not because of your hair. Check out some of your old videos. You were living in a van and your hair sometimes got pretty gnarly and greasy. And yet you could carry it off because you are a very beautiful woman and that has NOTHING to do with your hair. Yes, most of that is because of your inner light shining through, but a good deal of that is just that you have beautiful features and beautiful eyes. Those things have nothing to do with your hair. Think of how much of the time you have spent with your hair in a messy bun. You were beautiful then and you are beautiful now.
You look fierce! Like a warrior! Thank you for sharing such an intimate  and difficult moment. Sending our love ❤️
You are so gorgeous. You are even more beautiful on the inside!
I cried this entire video.  You are so beautiful.  So much love to you both, as usual!
Pure love. You will get through this. I dont have words for the strength that you have. Just a big warm hug from India. Love you both.
A Baptism by Fire.  This is God's way of showing you just how much difficulty you can handle. I went through 2yrs of having ONLY 1/2 a face. I got Bell's Palsy. Like you I had no idea how hard it would be to lose something I  took for granted. I felt like everyone was staring at me. But they weren't. It was all in my head. I have recovered about 99% of my face back. Leaving me with just a little reminder of what is really important in life.  It is Life, Love, and Inner Spiritual  Strenght. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL. Inside and out.
Thank you for sharing your journey with us, you look beautiful with long and short hair ❤
Bec  no worries you are extremely beautiful no matter what happens with your hair. Your beautiful all over and a very strong young lady 😍🥰😘🌹
I'm heartbroken for you Bec, you are a rockstar. Eamon you are the best support network for her xx
you look awesome with hair and without ! That's cool to know ! But I can undertand a little at least why it felt that terrible.... It was a part of your identity as you said, so that's perfectly normal to be shocked. Don't juge you for that.  We love you, and I think you're very brave :) <3<3
I got no valentines 💔 😕
You are beautiful and sending you love.
Are you guys going to adopt you’re Foster dog? He would make such a good therapy dog for you both.
Stay brave Bec! You both are beautiful inside and out XOXOXO
Bec, when my mum lost her hair after she started her chemo, it devastated me. I dread to think what it meant for her, let alone me. I was 17. I never saw her hair falling out, she kept it from us and the only real hair conversation I had with her was when she got her wig. I look back on the photos when her hair started growing back. We would joke that she looked like a 15 year old skater kid at times. Her hair has fully grown back now, albeit it came back predominantly grey. She gets it dyed, it’s healthy and she looks like cancer never happened to her.  You look absolutely beautiful with no hair but when it grows back, however it grows back, OWN IT. The most important thing is your health. All the best. 🌸
Hello bec.  I am Colombian and I want to tell you that you are too BEAUTIFUL!!!... you have such a resplendent light that it does not matter if you have hair or not... your light transcends everything physical that you have... thank you for sharing everything that makes you being so strong... you are an infinite inspiration for others who are fighting yourself... come on, warrior, you have more strength than you can even imagine.... you also look fantastic with that new look.❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏
Eamon is right. Every hair stage looked rad and beautiful. ❤️
Love you sooo much guys, this video just made me sob 😭 but I know you are strong and will make it through this… you are beautiful inside and out bec… it’s crazy because I feel like I know you guys personally and it just hurts me to know you are going through this…
I cried with you, I have spent more than half my life dealing with hair as a stylist and understand but you look beautiful with and without hair but I really love the ball cap!! Sending you good vibes and healing mojo.
You look like a badass warrior straight out of terminator 🤩 you are such an inspiration 💕
You are so beautiful Bec inside and out with and without hair ❤️❤️
Remember hair is just hair. It is merely one aspect of your beauty.
Bec, You make yourself beautiful.  You both are facing this journey with a grace that not many people can.  You have so many people praying for you and sending healing thoughts.  Keep Strong.  #becstrong
You were making the rest of us look bad before....Now you look like a freakin model!!!!  Damn girl!!!
Nothing but LOVE for you Bec! Xoxo
You’re beautiful girl 🥰 you both are amazing!!!!! ❤️
No doubt that this season is going to lead to the healthiest and happiest times of life for you both. Bec is pure beauty and grace. Thank you both for sharing and being a light in this world. Sending you PEACE and JOY
You are gawgeous! You would be even if you looked like an old Russian babushka because your soul shines so bright you can't even see your physical form. My wife really got into the head wraps. She had long straight hair like yours and it grew back short and curly. But like you, no one cares because she shines bright too.
Bec, luv, you can do this.  I found that taking my NEW, own-hair wig to a hairdresser to tweak it to exactly what I want was the final touch to personalized wig-dom. Wear a hat when bald cuz you never realize how cold it is to be bald!  And like I said weeks ago, the day will come when your hair starts to grow back and a breeze blows through your new peach fuzz and it will be the sweetest feeling and the day that you know you are healthy and back on track!
I don't know if this helps but bubbles make me feel better on bad days. So maybe Beck needs a bubble wand. Also tacos 🥰
I’ve got a secret mole on my noggin too. It’s okay!
Bec you are sooo strong. I‘m crying and laughing with you guys. You are so beautiful inside and out. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Both of you have such amazing personalities and even though you are going through hard times you still find ways to stay positive and that is really inspiring!! Thinking about you alot. Keep strong & keep smiling ❤️ Sending healing hugs from Austria 🌸☺️
Oh Bec you look so cute bald. I would look horrendous, but you have a good shaped head. 👍💖
You two are modeling such a beautifully supportive relationship. No wonder you have built a community of a million viewers. In a world of chaos and polarization, it’s a joy for us to see a couple rising to challenges with love and honesty. ❤️👏
Hang in there Bec and Eamon … you are very beautiful Bec … embrace that fact. Be Blessed … I love you and support you from afar.
You do Rock with that look believe Eamon as he is telling you the truth. Sending all our love and look after yourself. Take it day by day. I would also keep and eye on your wigs as I think that Eamon might just have his eyes on them for himself LOL
You are such beautiful and inspiring😻
Bec you are so beautiful! You are strong and look amazing bald! 🥰❤️ love you both!
Bec you are so beautiful! But it’s totally understandable to be sad to see your hair go. This to shall pass. Take the time to feel sad and cry I think we as people try to move past the sad moments and look for the goodness in things and some things just are crappy ya know. But the sun does come again love I’m just one person in a sea of people but I think you are so so so beautiful hair or no hair Bec you rock!!
So beyond proud of your strength throughout this difficult time in your & Eamons life Bec, You two have done so much for so many people including myself by just sharing your love, your joy & your passion for life & everything including eachother it’s giving me a new happiness knowing I get to see you two whenever your videos drop,  you two saved my life & thank you again for everything you two do & have a beautiful rest of your day 🤍
Bec - Love seeing you embrace your inner punk rock badass! I shaved all my hair off twice in my life- just for fashion. You are rocking this style! And that wig! I would name it dam "Gina". I would also name your bald head Stella- cause she got style!
I can’t imagine, I too identify my long hair as youth and beauty. I cried with you, but I will say this, you rock bald and short hair for sure. It will grow back, but for now it is a huge deal in this journey you both are going down. I’m so sorry, you don’t deserve this, and I pray for your healing.
You are both wonderful inside and out! ❤️
Ditto to many comments.  Your are very beautiful and Eamon is not bad!!! Best wishes and positive vibes.
Bec I first want to say how brave I think you are for sharing your journey with us! Second, you look absolutely stunning with any hair style. Keep letting your beautiful spirit shine through. Sending you love!
Bec, All 1,060,000 think you’re gorgeous with or without hair. Trust me it looks amazing ❤️
The entire time watching this, I kept thinking WOW THE PARTY AND THE POSITIVE JOKES THAT LEE WOULD HAVE BEEN POURING OVER YOU! It’s so special that you took her sweater with you. Bec you look beautiful. So excited for your new rocking journey!!!!
You are gorgeous! And you have this.
Bec you are strong, BEAUTIFUL, awesome, gorgeous, such a wonderful person. Lee is looking down with pride on you and hugging you. you rock that new do. xoxoxox     my sister is 14years out from double breast cancer and her hair came back blonde (it was black) and soft as a baby's.
Thank you for the updates… following your journey and sending positive thoughts xo ..
I just love the fact that Eamon is going through all the ups and downs with bec!!! What a great partner
You are such a beautiful soul , beautiful bald , and your "BUDDY" Hubby amazing Eamon a awesome man , women dream of finding a man like him , so supportive and always there . We all love you both and Oso . Blessings to you and prayers on this most trying journey . ~ MaryAnn 4rm Zero
Your bathroom must have been sssuuppperr crowded with all of us in there supporting you😀😀🥰🥰🥰
I am watching you in the tub, just crying for you. You are beautiful, with and without hair. The important thing is that you become cancer free and live!!!❤
Bec you are STUNNING!!!! Omg bald looks awesome on you. Not everybody can pull it off I know I couldn’t but u just look amazing! Literally any hair style works on you it’s bonkers!!💛💛💛
kiss bec beautiful
I consider you my hero.  You are beautiful inside and out.   Hair or not.   Thinking of you always.
Bec, inside and out, you're so beautiful. You always have been and I know you'll continue to be. I have a mole on my head too!! Ahaha. It looks just like yours! Ive been thinking of you so often and wishing you peace in yourself. This is just a chapter in the book! Ride the wave ❤️  I found you guys from Kara and Nate common videos years ago and I've adored you guys since. You've got this Bec!
It’s giving 90’s demi moore
Bed you are beautiful! I have pretty thick hair and lost about half of it in 2020. It was super emotional because you are right, you identify with your hair. When it isn't your choice to change it....it is hard. You are rocking this though! I love how Eamon is such a loving and supportive partner.
Bec we are all so proud of you!!! I know losing your hair is hard to see but I swear you look really gorgeous bald! Wowza!!! Once you’re pass all of this, you should still consider this look once in awhile. You look stunning!
I don’t know what she is thinking but she really does looks so fine with a bald head. LikeV for Vendetta.
I agree, you look awesome! It really suits you, and the journey with your hair from this point forward is going to be epic :) You are strong girl, and doing a good job.  Sending you ALL the positive vibes
Bec you are an amazing beautiful woman I remember going through this with my best friend a couple years ago she would only let me touch her hair when it was falling out I got the opportunity to shave her head and she was so beautiful and you're so beautiful just embrace it you have a very nice shaped head and so did she and we always used to joke about that she had a very rare throat cancer RMS and it was a type of child cancer and she was 28 years old going to a child oncologist which that was hard and itself seeing children but she was so strong I've never seen somebody so strong in my life you got this she was very far into it and she passed away last year but you got this you're going to make it and you're going to be stronger and better than ever it's crazy how you don't even know somebody and you get emotional about their story I just felt like I needed to share that you stay strong. 💕
Bec, YOU are absolutely STUNNING with and without hair! 100%  This was a really emotional journey to follow and You have been SO STRONG, COURAGEOUS and INSPIRING! Eamon has ALSO! You look fantastic regardless!  Sending you BOTH Positive energy and vibes and wishing you Bec a FULL and QUICK recovery! (You got this!!) 👍💪❤️🙏🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 x
This vlog ❤ you two are the most beautiful couple 💑 you share your strength between you. Thankyou for sharing your days with us, and just know we are with you all the way. Sending all the positive vibes 💛💛💛
You are stunning!
You really are beautiful with or without hair. I think women understandably have a harder time with losing their hair vs men. Thank you for sharing the authenticity and vulnerability of your journey. You've got this!! Sending you love, and healing hugs! XoXo
You really are stunning with the bob! I love your long hair also but the bob is everything on you!
You both ROCK!!  Amazing vibes sent to you both!!!  HUGS!
This really made me tear up as I remember my own cancer journey 2 years ago and going through the exact same emotions of hair loss and shaving my head.  You never realize how much your hair is a part of your identity until you lose it.  You are such a strong and brave person!
Bec- you are beautiful bald. It wasn't your hair that made you beautiful, it's your spirit. Name your mole Cindy after Cindy Crawford. Her mole was a symbol of her beauty. Bless you Eamon and Bec!
You look gorgeous with long hair, short hair and bald.
Thanks Eamon for being so supportive to Bec. She is beautiful and this too will pass. You got this.
Bec you and your mole are beautiful 😂 listen we all have insecurities we all totally get it but you bald is FOOOOOCKEN BODASSSSSSSSS like Charlize Theron vibes 💪💪 this community is your safe space ❤️ we all love you dearly
You're so beautiful <3 Sending you both love!
Thank you for sharing it all! And, Eamon, with the hair, OMG!
Gorgeous inside and out, all the time no matter what 💕 thank you for being you and sharing your journey with us! xoxo
Two years ago, you guys visited a stranger in the welsh mountains, and showed him that he could achieve his dreams. You brought light to a place of darkness and and showed it’s possible.  And for the 2 more years I’ve followed you both, you’ve continued to do that. You’ve brought so much light in dark times guys. I needed to double comment just to hit you guys harder with a reminder of the work you both do - even without trying. Your ripple effect of positivity and honesty about how to live this life spreads all of the world. ❤️🌞
Love you guys! Here for the long haul! Thank you for sharing your journey with us! Bec - you are STUNNING with no hair! Lucky babe! 😍🌈
I have been following you guys for years and I have never been so inspired by anyone so beautiful and strong, inside and out. Two amazing souls that have been through so much but are still two beacons of positive energy. We love you guys so much 💝 (also I love how Eamons having way too much fun with the wigs 😂)
God you stunning, inside and out.  You got this, you have a fabulous team.
Beck looks like a Sexy Sigourney Weaver/Demi Moore mix. Strikingly beautiful.
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Wow its shocking how real the wig looks, but for the record Bec looks badass bald!
Holy Smokes, you rocked EVERY look. Perfectly awesome shaped head. Just Beautiful. I like the Hair Hat, not a bad look, and the wig with your whiteish hat on was totally you.  Most of all your personality of kindness and sweetness just radiant Love, Sunshine and Warmth to everyone you come in contact with. So THANK YOU.  Emond is the BEST PARTNER, HUSBAND, what SWEETHEART OF GUY. You and your family's, friends are in my prayers everyday.
😍beautiful lady!
The Becca…..
You sharing your journey I am sure is helping many understand what the challenges are and that you along with others face, THANK YOU! My daughter as I stated the last time is around the same time-lines as you are with the treatments, I know She has reached out to you and feels good that she can share and chat with someone else. You are certainly going through a hard time some days and I for one hope that there are more positive days for you than bad ones! I agree with Eamon, Your Beauty is YOU, the wigs will help hopefully as they do for my daughter. May God Bless and you and hoping days become easier as time goes forward :) Having a Bad Day is a "natural reaction to an unnatural situation" THANK YOU AGAIN, both BEC& EAMON
you are my role model.
You look like a bad mamma jamma. I’m here for bald, pixie, or long!
Love you guys. Bec you are so beautiful. Thank you for your honesty and strength, we are all here for you. Eamon you are such a wonderful example of how to support your partner through the hardest points in their life. Congrats on 1M guys. I look forward to every Sunday. Sending you so much love, hugs, and strength. You got this Bec!!!!
Bec you are lovely hair n no hair! It does look cool. Love you May God bless you on this journey. You got this!!😘❤️🌹🌹🌹🌹
Yes a bald head is a sign of a cancer patient, but it's also a sign of a warrior! ❤️‍🔥 So much love all the way from Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿  xx
Your beautiful face suits hair and no hair! Positive vibes and love to you and Eamon 🥰
Eamon💕Bec💕Your Beautiful😄  Stay Blessed🙏
Just Beautiful ❤ inside and out!
We love you baldie :) ❤️
Hi you two. I'm Eric from Washington State and I have been a follower of yours for years. I have been heart broken since the diagnosis. Bec, you are such a beautiful person...inside and out. You are simply incredible! Hair is hair, it comes and goes, but it doesn't define who we are. You look beautiful regardless. You don't need to focus on the loss of your hair, instead focus on the positive aspects. #1-You are gorgeous! It's easier to bathe, you can change up your looks as often as you wish or you can rock it "as-is." Also, focus on other parts of your body like your beautiful eyes, getting a stunning pedicure and doing up your finger nails with fun designs. In 2001 my mother was diagnosed with liver cancer, so I understand your struggle to some extent. However, you are young and STRONG. You will get through this and you will be in all our prayers! As for Emon, he is a rock! He has such a wonderful heart and you two make such an incredible couple. Just remember that you two bring so much joy to us all and if you ever need anything, WE ARE HERE FOR YOU! We are your family too, so don't hesitate to learn on us. We love you both and will be there for you throughout your complete recovery. God's Speed
(16:50) Poor Oso falling off the bed.
Exposing your most vulnerable insecurities to the world, my God you are STRONG. Your energy is so powerful, WOWED and grateful for your Light.  ❤️🙏 Prayers for You and your family Love to you all
Eamon is the best cheerleader.
I was on your journey over 13 years ago , 13 years let that sink in ..cancer free !. As much as you are in love with each other, supportive etc. may I suggest that you both find someone not family to talk with . Each of you are on this journey and scared to be weak and vulnerable in front of each other . Talking with someone who is not directly involved with your treatment and day to day care will unburden you and make you feel lighter emotionally . Our partners are always our biggest cheerleaders , but they need to be able to turn off once in a while and become lighter in spirit too . Love you both , cried with you both , and I see a future of health , and happiness and love for many, many years to come . You are my heros !
Still praying for you Bec.  I’m going through breast cancer too but surgery has removed it all.
Greetings from Europe, wish you all the best !
Bec watching you and Eamon courageously walk through this wretched diagnosis is so touching.You, whether  you know it or not give thousands of women encouragement, strength, and most of all a feeling that they are not alone. Illness can be so isolating. Thank you for being so open and vulnerable at such a challenging time. I pray for your complete healing. You are loved!❤️🌼😘
I think maybe eamon could shave his hair too in solidarity with bec. That might help her feel less self conscious about her bald head.
We have been watching you two for a few years now and we're continually touched by how raw and real you both are. You both seem so open to growth and your hearts are so beautiful. We're sending you so much love and energetic support. Thank you for sharing your story! ❤️
I can honestly say you look amazing, Thankyou for sharing your journey. XXX 💗 💗 💗 💗
You both have me in TEARS, but not because of sadness... because of the absolutely BEAUTFUL relationship you both have. You are truly both such incredible humans and I know you will get through this. You will come out on the other side, having a new chapter in your story and a stronger love. Sending much love and support from Chicago!
you are beautiful know matter what
💗 I'd love to purchase some merchandise to show my support and love to you guys. Any discussions around releasing more merch in the near or distant future? Praying for you guys. Bec you are so beautiful inside and out 💗.
That plant pot is NEXT LEVEL! 😍
its time for eamon to get his hair cut too ! Wishing you guys all the best!!
You are beyond STUNNING!!!💚💚💚
You really do look good with a shaved head.  When you get thru this you should rock that style again.
you are a bad ass!!  so beautiful!!!!
YOU BADASS!  You TRULY look amazing...like a rock star!  Gorgeous
Biggest virtual hug from TX! You are so beautiful and strong, Bec!!!!
So strong everyone is praying for you.
It is a big deal knowing you will lose your hair but you look stunning without and once I was used to the idea of not having hair it’s very freeing.  Then mine grew back really curly for a while.  Miss my chemo curls!  Bright side no leg shaving.  Wishing you all the best Bec.  Much love xx
Eamon on next episode shave your head
To both of you:  Keep up the good fight.
Your beautiful eyes are now more visible!💕
Bald is definitely beautiful 💚 lots of love from Brighton, UK 🇬🇧 ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Bec you are absolutely beautiful with or with out hair. You got this beautiful.
Your hair is 1 percent of the person you are
I am so glad that Bec was able to see how beautiful she is bald.  Beautiful both inside and out. 💜
God bless you you Bec you look beautiful with and without hair. Just think that you will be cured and your beautiful hair will grow back. Eamon you are so awesome this has to be very difficult for you but you re so caring and motivating for Bec and you will be blessed for all that you are doing. But if you need to cry they you should do so, and tell someone how this is affecting you. Love you both and God bless you both.
Love you Bec  and Eamon too stay positive  and keep on supporting eCh other ❤️ from Cape town
I swear this journey has made me fall in love with both of you! Your strength and positivity is beautiful and so inspiring.
You are a beautiful, beautiful girl, inside and out. You could rock any hair including no hair. Sending love.
We wish you the best Bec ! You really look beautiful no matter what, your hair doesn’t define the person that you are. Lots of love to both of you <3
You look like a young Sinead O'Connor but even better!  You're really rockin' the shaved head.  My wife and I love your vlogs.  Stay strong, fight the fight and we look forward to seeing you fully healed.  You got this!
Bec looks sooooo good being bald!!!❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍
You look gorgeous and beautiful. Your insides are your character.
Bec, you’re so beautiful!! You radiate beauty from within. You are so strong! I’m sending you all the love I can! I think Eamon should shave his head too!
Eamon I truly think you’re the kind of man every woman wants now. Seeing you go through every step with our sweet Bec is so heartwarming 💞. I pray for strength for you, this gotta be so hard. Every look shows the love between you guys.  Bec,, you’re beautiful inside and out and Eamon is right- it’s just hair baby girl and will grow back. My niece who just went through breast cancer is now complaining that her hair is getting in her way 😁😁😄 She also was having her nails soaking ( in ice water? I think ) while having the chemo .. am only guessing that it causes some damage and the soaking helps 🤷🏻‍♀️  This will be just a memory one day honey no worries. I pray for GODs healing, & strength be to you.  Want to add- at 27:01 when you put the wig on, if anyone started watching from there wouldn’t begin to even think you shaved your hair off -~IT IS SO YOU-~. Love you both SO VERY MUCH!  🙏😊
You look really cool in your new look ! Change  an be hard but doesnt mean its bad
As a male viewer, we would not mind seeing  a few different kind of colors/styles  of wigs on you.   FYI  your still, smoking 🔥  with no hair  I just hope you will get over this quickly .
Whew , my heart was breaking for you , but what makes you beautiful isn’t your hair , or clothes , skin etc , you are beautiful because of who you are , never forget that ;) breathe lots of love in exhale lots of love out … The wings remind me of the show Alias !!!
so wanna see your whole van life community camped out in your yard. Being there for you guys..
Last year I’ve donated my hair to a company who creates wigs for women with cancer. So happy to think it helped someone going through all this. You are so amazing Bec and you do look very beautiful bald 🙂
Been watching you guys for years, never commented.  You bring such a positive, real, human story to all of us.  I'm sure you know this community is praying for you both.  Believe in the love coming your way and move through this journey to a healthy, cancer free end ❤
I think you should name it either Yolanda or Phoebe...or vernessica.
❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
I just want to give you a giant hug and tell you that your beauty comes from your kindness, your authenticity, your ability to be vulnerable because those traits are so rare. You will help others who will walk this path, they won’t feel so alone. You are an inspiration
Love you both so so much
Sending so much love to you both ❤️ thank you for sharing this with us Bec. You are so inspiring. I think SO many of us are so attached to our hair and think without it we're not beautiful. Watching your video I was tearing up along side you and also felt your strength and the release of those attachments and it must feel so liberating. It made me wanna grab some clippers and shave my own head! I am also insecure about what's under my hair, I have scabs from irritated scalp and they never seem to fully heal and it's just irritated in spots and I was so worried that if I didn't have my hair everyone would see it and that thank god I have my hair to hide my shitty scalp. Well, I shouldn't think like that. It doesn't matter!!! Like literally at all! those in my life like my family and friends who see me as beautiful inside and out would never care for one single second about that or if I didn't have my hair or anything so why am I letting myself get so hung up on it. My hair is thinner than it used to be years ago and it made me worried for if I ever lost it, but seeing your strength and bravery and ability to accept and realize our hair does NOT define us, was so wonderful and really helped me.  So again, thank you so much for sharing and taking us along in this journey because you help others as well effortlessly just by sharing. You guys are so amazing and you got this babe. Sending all the Sunshine and love your way ❤️☀️
Just beautiful ❤️🤟🏻
It's strange how someone can be  connected to people through YouTube you guys are family now i love you so much, bec i want you to stay strong and whenever you need positivity just read our comments also you look beautiful either ways and it's so good you have your family's support and eamon's love, hope your doing well♥️♥️
❤️❤️❤️
There is a beautiful song called Carry You by Novo Amor. It is so soothing and beautiful. I hope it helps you during your journey. It does not have to do with cancer, but the melody is gorgeous. 🙏♥️
You are GORGEOUS bald. I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!      You look like  CHARLIZE THERON! 😍😍😍
Hey, I noticed that Bec is already drinking tea but I've recently found out that green tea helps kill off cancer cells. Please do some research on this before taking this advice and ask your doctor about it first, but I think it would help. Hope it all goes well❤
You are so beautiful! And I love how you feel confident and you are able to see it!!💕 And we all want you to know you are very gorgeous and beautiful❤️❤️
Chemo was no fun, and the side effects were no fun, but the result was worth it.  Strength to you.
Wig Name Idea -- Shakti/Parvati/Durga/Kali (same goddess, different names depending on the forces she's called upon to fight/protect) -- She’s the Hindu goddess called upon for strength, creation, and power. She wards off evil and brings strength and compassion. She is a source of energy and peace. couldn't think of a better goddess to help protect and watch over Bec -- another strong woman.
Both of you are amazing❤❤ Love you Beck, your so strong and beautiful
All love and support towards you two! Hope you make a quick and speedy recovery Bec!
🙏🙏🇨🇵👍
You are BEAUTIFUL! Continuing to pray for you and Eamon. Sending love and encouragement.
Damn woman you are beautiful!  And Eamon looks like Jesus with the wig on lol!  I had my yearly mammogram and thyroid ultrasound done this week and within 24 hours I was called to say BOTH came back showing abnormalities. So, I have follow up testing scheduled for both which I have to wait another 2 weeks for. The waiting sucks.  You know how it is.  In the meantime I continue to praise and trust my God that he will see me through whatever occurs. Know that I have been praying for you as well from day one.  If my journey comes to be similar to yours (and 2 other family members currently), I hope I can look half as good as you do!  🙏🏼🤟🦋☮️
You are strength 💕
Cancer watch out here comes GI Bec.💪🇿🇦🤗
You guys rock!  I was hit like a 2x4 across the face watching this vlog.  I do not know how anyone could watch this and not feel overwhelmed by the emotions of empathy.  I want you to know that I think of you guys each week...praying and wishing you both only the best.  You have my total support Bec.  Eamon, you are so supportive...what a wonderful spouse and person you are.  You both need to take care of yourselves...body, mind, and spirit...as if you guys need anyone telling you that.  Peace,  Roger  PS...Eamon is right Bec...you rock the bald look!  You're beautiful and you eyes just pop!  I vote "yes" like Eamon does.
<3
Your beauty shines through it all! Love your love for each other:)
I cried with you Bec and laughed with you throughout this entire video! You are rockin’ it! Big loves to you both x
Ya'll got to watch Schitts Creek and watch the episodes about the wigs!
Bec, you look beautiful with or without hair. You exude a beautiful energy and it's incredible how strong you are.  Praying for a speedy recovery. ❤️
You actually look amazing bald Bec!!! So Beautiful ❤️😍
Bec if u don’t want to wear a wrap get a silk pillow case
HUGS, pretty lady!!!!!
Thank you….  You guys are helping so many people.  I have stage 4 kidney cancer and there is actually no chemo for kidney cancer.  It’s more immunotherapies and targeted therapy drugs.  I’ve had my share of serious side effects but losing my hair isn’t one of them.  My hair is dark brown and It started growing out white.  I was surprised at how much that’s bothered me.  Looking to see if I can color my hair.  Just wanted to thank you for sharing and share my own experience.  🙏❤️🙏
Beautiful as always and ofcourse gorgeous as well every time ❤️ you are so brave so strong so powerfull bec, sending my love and support all the way from indonesia
You are such a beautiful amazing person! FYI - I accidentally managed to hit the dislike instead of the like button - fixed and unintentional. Xoxo
Bec, you are beautiful & you have such an amazing vibe! Your smile lights up the entire room, so your hair, or lack of, should be the least of your worries. Wishing you the best! ♥️
Bec: You're beautiful. Inside, outside, full crop of hair or bald as a baby's bum. It's not just a look, it's who you are & you are mighty brave too! We embrace you, and love you. You too Eamon! Bec has an amazing, loving and solid rock in you.. always there, helping, caring & super supportive. You da man!
Bec you really really really look so great with the bald look. Eamon awesome job!
Stay strong and courageous you guys! I can relate to some of your journey and lately I have to have Kleenex beside me when I watch! ❤️ You got this! 🇨🇦
You are so strong! I am crying for you…I am really in awwwww of you. 🍀🍀🍀 Best of luck 🍀🍀🍀
You do look great bald!!! Amazing. And it brings out your eyes even more. Wig is also amazing.
I cried and I laughed through this vlog❤ you guys are such beautiful individuals and I'm always sending u guys positive and healing vibes your way. Stay strong ❤❤❤
Bed you look so beautiful no matter what ❤️
I watched because of your van journey, enjoyed the cabin building, was happy to see you guys go back to the van, to come home to this new journey in your lives, never once during everything did i ever care about your hair. You guys are both incredible, hair or not, and thank you for sharing your journey with us, You are indeed, Bald and beautiful! Much love from California Keep on rockin
You are such an inspiration… And keep up the positive vibes… They are to your advantage!!! Love the wig!!! You are a warrior…….. 🙏🏻🥰🇺🇸❤️💕
Let’s take a min to appreciate Eamon! He is really amazing! Still praying for you Bec
Your beauty just shine through, when you shave your hair.. we love you Bec.. keep up the spirit.. 😘😘
Love you both so much!  Bec, you are incredible! I can’t believe the bravery you have by showing all this raw emotion in such a wild time of your life.  Just amazing.  Also, totally random comment, why is Oso in a cone? My dog just got neutered and is currently in a cone and I was laughing out loud at his broken and taped cone as my dog just destroyed his yesterday! So funny! Love you guys!
You look beautiful!
Your courage is just so inspiring to me and I feel you are so spectacularly beautiful before and now there is just this glow from you that is so amazing on top of the gorgeous face.  I pray for your speedy recovery and I also know that you have decided in your soul to take on this journey to give so great examples to the world. I bow the Source within you.
Bec, you're channeling Sigourney Weaver in Alien. You look amazing.
When I had brain surgery they shaved half my hair and promised me that it was going to be just a little spot. It's been a year and it is only grown an inch and I'm too old to shave it all off so I'm holding out for one more inch for a decent haircut. It's only hair. So glad you guys have each other.
You look amazing Bec!!!!! I myself have a shaved head ,,, it’s hard to get used too but you look so beautiful ❤️  I love you guys so much! Stay strong
So happy you are finding a way to make this journey beautiful. You are being real with us and facing reality is such a brave and strong way. Thank you for showing us how to be graceful in difficult times. Eamon really really really loves you and that is really really really awesome to see. XOXO
you are gorgeous !!!!  sending you so much love & sunshine((:
Gurl some big hoops earring you’re ready to walk the runway.  You look so good bold.  You’re beautiful, hair is just an accessory.  I can not imagen how hard it is but you’re truly going to be ok.  And once you get used it -you’ll enjoy the one minute ready time for head.  I’m say that cause I’m rocking ball in your honor- I’m in love.  I had curly hair and is a mess to keep neat .
the thing is, not very many people look good bald but you carry it well. you have the beauty majestic like that of Natalie Portman.
I have followed you guys for a long while. Im sending you positive energy Becca and Eamon. And, you look absolutely amazing with or without hair.
Bec, your superpower is your beautiful smile and soul!  I love you girl💖 Eamon, sending you hugs and as always thank you for making us (me) laugh.
Bec, you have like the PERFECT head shape for a shaved head and you’re totally pulling off the Johanna Mason look from The Hunger Games series. Super badass. I appreciate your honesty through this entire process and know it must be so hard but your positivity is amazing. I’m sending so much positivity your way!
Thank you for sharing your journey, big hugs, I could understand it must be so painful to lose your hair , you are beautiful with in and you are beautiful all round ,  being hard on your self just makes you sad,  embrace your new path you are strong , just get more hugs 💕
Your beautiful Bec! Eamon not so bad either.
30 mins of nonstop crying probably doesn’t compare to what you both are experiencing. But as the trendsetter you are Bec I can for see you will have inspired a lot of woman cancer free to shave their heads. Time to invest in magnetic eyelashes and an eyebrow stencil kit. My god you are drop dead gorgeous bald!
Continued ❤ and 🙏
Thank you for sharing your story you're an inspiration to me and your beautiful
You look so strikingly beautiful without hair. I know it’s not a common thing for women to shave their head. But I feel when we do, it brings our true beauty from within, out. I’m not sure if that makes sense. But I feel like you can really see how beautiful a woman is when she does not have her hair. And you, are stunning. I know it didn’t feel like it, but you were very brave and strong.
Bald is Beautiful!  I know this journey is tough but you are both strong and you got the support of this amazing community sending positive healing vibes :)  Much LOVE!!
Eamon and Bec, I have been watching your sunday videos for some years now and can truly say the emotions and growth I have seen throughout has been amazing. You are two incredible people who share a beautiful place here for us as your subscribers and I want you to know you have the support of everyone here (all 1 million!! congrats;)) This journey is not easy, and I feel your optimism and strength and equally as important, the natural states throughout this all has shown me how beautiful yet scary life can be. To really appreciate everything and love those around you. You are doing amazing, you are going to be amazing throughout. Stay strong, you got this! <3 ps: bec, you rock it bald
Just wanted to say I love you guys big bunches 🧡. Sending hugs.
eyy i also have one of those scalp moles! yours is so cute!
Honestly you pull off that shaved look SO WELL!!!!!! Your bone structure is just a bonus it’s your personality that shines!
Your facial features are so stunning you look incredible with a shaved head!
You look really nice with the short hair
EAMON & BEC : SUN.  3/06/22  11:55  AM  CST,  HTSP NP,  AR.  USA  🇺🇸  ... EAMON'S LOVE FOR BEC ...  QUOTE :  💕  YOU DON'T NEED HAIR FOR LOVE  💕 ... TEARS OF LOVE ... BEC & EAMON I'M PROUD OF YOUR TENDER LOVING CARE FOR EACH OTHER ... THAT'S  WHAT  COUNTS  IN  A  💕 UNCONDITIONAL  LOVING  &  CARING  PARTNERSHIP  💕 ... BEC BRAVO FOR HAVING YOUR HAIR CREATED INTO A WIG ... YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL W/ & W/ OUT YOUR HAIR ... NOW YOU CAN MODEL ALL THOSE   🎀  👒 TREAD UP 🩱🎗 CLOTHING DEALS W/ A NEW FRESH LOOK W/ YOUR BEAUTIFUL PERSONALITY PROMOTING THE COMPANY ... YOU MAKE A BEAUTIFUL INSPIRING MODEL ... GOD BLESS & LUV YOU ... P.S. WHERES  BIG  DADDY  BOB  &  HIS  BUDDY  BRUCE  🐕... 🕊 ☮ 🌎 ☮ 🌍 ☮ 🌏 ☮🕊
@26:11.... I didn't think I could be any more attracted to you..... UNTIL you ROCKED the Red Hair Ball Cap !!!!  Whut a BABE!
All the feels. 😥😂🥰 Bec, you're beautiful inside and out.  Your strength and positivity will get you through this. Much love.
You are absolutely Beautiful Bec!! Eamon I can't leave you out you too are absolutely Beautiful!!! :) Bec your courage, your strength your willingness to show us when your are at your best and also when you are not feeling at your best and how you are facing cancer and kicking its ass makes you a real life super hero!! Not all super heroes where capes some are bald and beautiful!!!💗
So proud of you Bec! Here’s a fun video of me cutting off my dreadlocks and going bald. Enjoy! https://youtu.be/ed2VDBsUKzo
I just love you guys so much ❤️❤️
You are amazing bec keep the positivity that you and Eamon have together ❤️  Love yea y’all so much ♥️❤️
You are amazing you both are. I just wanted you to know. Sending you heaps of love and healing ❤️
You are both so strong. Praying for you x
Yeah , you look good in every hair style even without any , but the bob made you look  like an parisian girl ,  a french top model even , you have beautiful kind eyes that's , for me , the center of your beauty , the rest is just ornament , love u guys ! 🤗💜💚🧡
This is going to sound weird but... I wish I were you, Bec!!! Obviously not the cancer bit, but...you are such an awesome, inspiring, beautiful individual, who has, through her own grace, built up an incredible support unit around her. Your relationship with Eamon is a testimony to all that is good about you. I wish, sincerely, that I were as good and nice as you are, and the world is a better place for having you in it! Eamon - you too are awesome. Every woman, indeed every person, needs an Eamon in their life - so supportive, loving, sensible, kind, giving, and so many other things! In this video, you both shine! I was upset when you were upset, but raw honest emotion is totally fine,  absolutely acceptable, and that you are brave enough to share this with 1 million ( and more) people, is uplifting.  I wish you well on your journey, and I am confident that with your positive attitude and outlook on life, good things will come to pass!!! Love to you both.
You look AMAZING Bec, hair is just hair and will grow back but honestly no hair really suits you! Rock the look! 🤟🏻Big love from Blighty 🇬🇧 x
I cried along with you on this one Bec. As someone who has long blonde hair for many many years I totally understand the connection you can build to it, seeing it as something that makes you beautiful etc.   But honestly, you look INCREDIBLE with no hair, your bone structure is pure amazingness and I am continuing to send you all the healing vibes I can from across the pond. Much love to you both on your journey, you got this!! <3
you look cool very cool with hair or with out hair hop u feel good  you make a good day and a bad bad day feel very good hop u feel good ur husband is right
You are beautiful with or without your hair ❤️ The way you are embracing this new journey is the most beautiful thing about you. Stay confident, stay strong and keep embracing. Love you guys ❤️
Bec. Fucking hell you’re epic. Just like... ugh. Well done. Just so proud of you. Seriously. Ahhh.  Well done too Eamon. What a team you both make. Let’s do this guys. ❤️🌞
No your so beautiful!! Your awesome Bec, 👏  in every length of hair, your beautiful. Cancer can't take your beauty from inside or out. God bless you with more strength,  peace and joy. 🙏❤
We love you Bec❤️
With the bob, you looked like Karen Carpenter.
im sure you love your hair....but you rock the shaved head look!!  Your eyes are so bright! Love it!!!
You both make such an amazing team. Truly inspiring!
You look amazing with short,long, bangs your beautiful and don't lose hope stay strong
Love and prayers 🙏 to you both!! Stay strong you got this!!  Paws up to Oso what a doggo!!!🐾🥰
You are so strong Bec , I am with you guys together since past 3 years and i know you're strong , you gonna sail this journey smooth . Love ❤️
You really do look good bald.  My favourite look for you honestly. Edit: every time you put on a wig I am torn.  I now think you are so beautiful that the hair doesn't matter.  Lucky!
🧡❤💙💜🤍💖💖💗💚💛💙💜🤎💥
Since you are being so honest with your journey, I feel It's only fair that I do the same and honestly, I was never a fan of the long hair on you. Don't get me wrong, you're absolutely beautiful but the long hair elongated your face and hid all of these gorgeous features of yours! The bob was beautiful but the shaved head is absolutely STUNNING on you! You have the perfect size and shape head and now we can see the those amazing eyes you have that I had not ever even noticed before! You don't just look beautiful, you are beautiful and I'm loving it! ♥️
Eamon i have to say , great job with Bec's hair shaving and the loving support along her journey. I cried with you Bec. Being a hair dresser of 30 years , i had to do this same thing to many of my friends and clients going through their cancer journey. So very proud of you both and thank you for sharing your ups and downs with us .❤  ❤❤🙏🙏
Sooo I think the wig from folia feels like a Susanna...🤔 Love you guys!💚
Bec, you are a strong, beautiful, wonderful and strong woman. Your hair does not define you. It's what's inside you that matters. You are rocking the bald look. But please do not feel you have to share everything  with us. If you need time away from the camera please take whatever time you need. We will be here when you are ready.
Bec you are absolutely stunning!!  Eamon is right your new do is edgy and fun!  Love it!!
love you guys!
You look BEAUTIFUL!!!
I hope you get better I’ve been here most of your journey and I just wanna say you are a big influence and thanks for making use feel welcomed and good I just want to say you will get better and we’re here for you hope you get better and God Bless Y’all ❤️
As always; Joan and I send all our love and positive thoughts to you from Olympia, Washington......keep up the fight.
All I want to say.. is Eamon, you are so AMAZING to her, you are so gentle to her… building her up the way you have done throughout the years and how you continue to do, she is so grateful to have a man who cares for her as much as you do!  And Bec, you are so amazingly STRONG, and so amazingly brave! We love you so much 💜💙🙏🏼
I'm proud of you for just going for it. I shaved for a wig donation in my mid-30's and loved it. You're doing amazing, guys. Peace and love to you both. <3
I don't think you should ever go back to long hair, don't ever distract from that beautiful face and smile!!
Bec I know you'll find this hard to believe but it's really true,  you look wonderful with long hair, short hair or no hair. I had severe acne as a teenager and it left me badly scared. I'm now 68 and have lived with the stares of strangers, although it could be worse, others have suffered more with burns. Your hair will grow back.... Sending you all my best wishes for a full recovery. You are one brave lady sharing and your tears are shared - Eamon is your rock.  😉👍
Bec, you are shining brighter than ever! Aside from proving to yourself that your beauty isn't defined by your hair, it is now a fact that you can rock many styles incredibly well! Keep rocking that gorgeous bald head with pride! 💛
You are such a dynamic woman!  I am truly sorry you are having to go on this particular journey, but you are doing such an amazing job of navigating your way through. I also want to send best wishes to Eamon as he accompanies you along the way. He is so kind, loving, and completely supportive. I wish you both all the best!  Keep loving each other and days of  sunshine ahead!!
❤️❤️❤️
You guys are rockstars! Both such amazing people and so beautiful on the inside and out. Bec, you are gorgeous, always❤️
You two are incredible. I've no idea what you are going through but you are doing great. Both of you are so strong and kind to each other. Thank you so much for sharing this personal view.
Dear Eamon and Bec, You both are lovely bright lights, your good intentions shine through all that you do.  I appreciate you both taking the time to share your experience with this horrible disease.   Each week seeing your updates, I feel closer to my beautiful grandmother who was lost to cancer. She had lived a full life when it came on for her, she was not as strong as I know you are physically and emotionally.  You’ve got this beat already, just with your outlook alone.  Of course there is no good time to have to go through something of this magnitude..but I just think it’s absolutely wonderful how the timeline worked out for you. You are both home, in Canada with all the love from family and friends..after travelling the world. You were gifted the time to find a home and complete all renovation work to truly make your house a space for healing. Gifted the time to have who and what you need in your life to overcome this .  The universe was and is continuously looking out for those who appreciate all the little things, Those who show gratitude, I believe are rewarded Just keep shining  Warmly, Ains
Bec literally looks so amazing with a shaved head
What a beautiful soul you have Bec.  You're also lucky, you have a face that is totally accentuated by shorter hair.  Gorgeous.       Also, congrats on a Mil!  What an accomplishment.    I love you guys, take care.  💙
You look so awesome! Praying for you! XO
You’ve got this! You are beautiful and so strong ! The love Eamon and you have for each other is epic.🥰, keep the faith🙏
Oh my goodness you two.  How heart warming that you are embracing this.  My best hair ever was a year after chemo.  It was thick and curly and fun evolving back to normal.  Thank you for sharing which makes me stronger on my journey.  Hugs.
Just sending you both healthy vibes, love and peace. You have in each other, everything you need to come through this.
Your strength and resilience is so inspiring!!!! You both make an incredible team ❤️❤️❤️
I have been going through my own hair journey in relation to my health issues.  I have ME/CFS and was noticing my shoulder-length hair was becoming a problem in multiple ways. It was interfering with my sleep since my head would get hot while the rest of me was cold.   I was becoming increasingly sensitive to touch, so it would be uncomfortable/ painful if it was poking into my shoulders / neck. I was constantly pushing it upwards out of the way to sleep.   Also, with the severe muscle fatigue and pain, it was adding weight and strain when I had to hold my head up straight, not to mention how hard it was to shower / brush it.   I kept it around chin-length for several months, but still felt it was too much for me.   Then in early December, after posting about it on an ME/CFS page and hearing all the super positive stories of people shaving parts or all of their hair, I got up the nerve to do it!  My roommate helped me shave off the back and sides, and I just kept the top part in a chin-length bob.   I love it soooo much better now. I feel so much lighter and can sleep much more easily through the night. And yes! Showers / baths are infinitely more enjoyable!  When it’s down it just looks like a normal bob. (I have very thick hair, so it really looks like a normal bob). When it’s up in a little pony / top knot situation, I feel super cool and bad-ass!   I also feel more androgynous, which feels more like me, especially as someone who has always loved being seen as “human” first (rather than “female” first), and as someone on the LGBTQIA spectrum. It just feels good not to be confined by my hair in so many ways. 🤩🤩🤩  When it’s warmer (I’m in Calgary), I may shave all of it, then just grow out the top but again for winter, but it’s too cold for that now 🙃  Thanks for sharing your journey! It really is a different experience changing your hair out of medical necessity rather than simply a choice of style, so I commend you for embracing all the moments, whether it’s the fear, the empowerment, the grief, or the excitement. 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼❤️❤️❤️
Welcome to the freedom of the bald sisterhood Bec ! Shaved heads are the coolest and most beautiful thing and it doesn’t matter who you are or what you are going through ! I started shaving my head when I turned 50 and grey and haven’t looked back ! You are rocking the bad ass bald look !
I love you two the most.🥺 you’re doing and are so amazing, Bec! You both are so lucky to have each other and that brings me the most joy
You honestly look like such a badass! Being bald is so normal now and you look amazing!
Hi, with all my respect i need to say a comment for Bec….. You are so so beautiful and you looks very beautiful with or without your hair i send you a big hug 🤗 for both of you and all my daily prayers for your health, all will be fine and very soon you will be traveling again… i really fell like i know you since a lot of years….  You are so strong guys   My wife and me send you all our good wishes   If some day you want to come to Guadalajara Mexico here you have your house, our doors, arms and hearts are open for you, if we can help you any way only tell us and let us know and we will everything for you.. trust us.  🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗  Good bless you 🎗🎗🎗🎗
You are beautiful.
My husband has always said to see the real beauty of a woman you need to take away the hair! He is so right, Bec , you are so beautiful!
Sending so much love, and everyone should have an Eamon in their life <3  for support.
Eamon.... You are what we as men aspire to be in regards to being there for our women.
hey GI Jane you look totally fabulous.... and although your hair is important to you... I get that cos I voluntarily cut mine short during a divorce and hated it.... Im old and crinkled whereas you are bloody gorgeous and younger...  you rock it Bec... and like me the comfort for me was... " it'll grow back"  it did and yours will. <3
Your beautiful Bec! I absolutely started crying when you did! Eamon your a amazing partner too!! Both keep on being amazing!  Love from ontario Canada
I’m continuously inspired by the love and kindness you two are giving out to the world and to each other. You’re so lucky to have one another. Beautiful people inside and out ❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️
Bec...I'm with you... Both of you are doing amazing job
Bec, you are beautiful and strong and words can not begin to explain how in awe I am with your strength. Lee is definitely with you and is beyond proud.   Eamon, you are amazing and so encouraging. Thank you so much for being such a kind heart and taking such great care of Bec.   We love you guys so much!
I love you guys so much.  Your authenticity and the love and respect you share with each other shines through in each of your videos, that is why you have over 1million subscribers.  Thank you for sharing your journey with me.  I am sending you all my love and strength for you to pull through this challenge.  I want a BF like Eamon.  LOL.
Just Absolutely LOVE you Both ! Sending you so much LOVE ❤️ ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
🥰🥰🥰🥰
Bec, I feel the same way you do about my hair. This part sucks, and I'm sorry. But what makes you beautiful, and what keeps me and so many others watching is what a beautiful person you are. Right now you're working in getting your body healthy and later you can worry about your hair growing back. And when you're having a bad day, cry, and then regroup. And do that over and over as often as you need. See you Sunday, if you're up to it 😉
You two can rock any look! This is amazing!!! Thank you for being so brave to share with us!!! We wait for your videos. My functional medicine doc told me 20mgs a day of melatonin is helpful for fighting cancer FYI.
So many things in this video... All the love you have for each other is beautiful, we know you for so long now that we are going thru this with you Eamon & Bec. Lee is here with you 🌟.  Bec, you are such a beautiful woman, here you are! As beautiful as always! Thank you for sharing this journey with us and being so honest and vulnerable, we never know when it will be our turn to get cancer, but it happens and there is no warnings or guidelines to deal with it. Sending lots of love to both of you 💓
You’re amazing and strong. You look so strong and tough with the bald head! And Eamon is inspiration to all in his love and support - you guys rock.
Beck, you are so beautiful and you are an inspiration to me. You are a ray of sunshine, always. I love you Eamon and Beck!! Congrats on 1 million!  I have loved watching this journey for the past 2 going on 3 years. ❤
Your a Beacon of inspiration to so many people. Sending you so much love and hugs and prayers through this journey. You and Eamon make the best team. Love you gorgeous ❤️
Thanks for your video! God bless you both on your journey! Jesus Christ loves you!
Bec, you are a badass and you look amazing! Thank you so much for sharing this journey. This could happen to any of us and, because of you being so open through it all, no one will have to go into this process blind. Sending lots of love to you guys 🤍✨
You are such a light to this world Bec. Eamon, you too :). Also Bec you are a fox.
Love you both so much. Thank you for being willing to share this pet of your journey. 😘😘😘
Hey Bec, if you need more bald support, Jada Pinkett-Smith, Will Smith's wife has a talk show on Facebook called "Red Table Talk," her and her daughter are part of a women's bald head club and they're all very proud, and super empowered without their hair. I'm sure many of us woman can relate that it would be hard to lose it, but just so you don't feel alone check out that show. They're amazing, and you will laugh as well.
you’re so beautiful bec i can’t believe how strong you are!
I laughed out load when you started the ad for FUnction of Beauty!!! I love you guys, you are a class act. I look forward to all the styles as the hair grows back.
You are so beautiful Bec!!!
Hey superwoman where's your cape. You are beautiful! And you can do this. O and Eamon you can have a cape too.
Long hair, short hair, no hair, you are beautiful inside and out Bec's. Eamon's a lucky man x
you look so beautiful Bec, youre a strrong, gorgeous woman inside and out. Your strength and vulnerability to share your journey is deeply moving and I thiank you, wishing you  and Eamon so much healing, love and light for your journey xx
Bec you are stunningly beautiful! You can rock the bald, gorgeous! Love watching you guys on your life journey. I wish you a speedy recovery Bec. Sending you love and healing energy.
Bec! You have such a beautifully shaped head! It’s perfect! I admit I cried along with you as you were going through this … but Wow you do look super cute, bald, with a scarf, with a wig however! Sending love and prayers to you both! ❤️
You guys are truly amazing. I cry every video and I also smile, laugh and feel so inspired by your positivity and amazing outlook on every obstacle that life throws in your path. I'm not really religious and I've only prayed a handful of times but I pray for you both. You make an amazing team and are so lucky to have found each other. Sending all my love.
You have such a pretty face that even with no hair you're still gorgeous. Not everyone can pull that look off but you do. :) -Cheri'
❤❤❤
Bec you are beautiful!
Proof again that what makes a person beautiful is not their hair but the light they shine upon this world. You both have a very special thing going on in that department. Each of you shines in a different way, and the both of you shine to the square of that.
Love and prayers to you both
I just want to say you are absolutely beautiful with or without hair. Inside and out!
Find out here babe I've had several friends go through it they all survive a couple of them that Harris better now better once before hang in there you'll make it
I cried with you. Thank you for your bravery and sharing your journey. Please know I’m rooting for you. Suggestion? Get some new ear piercings?? ❤️ Edit:that wig is stunning and looks just like your hair!!! Wow!!
You are still beautiful,  hair or no hair, God bless you and be with you in this time
Your a good man Eamon. Praying for Bec.
Bec & Eamon too,   This has been the most inspirational video you two have put out to date.  The support you both have for each other during these times is beyond words. Thanks for keeping mental health a conversation. The check ins, the physical touch… I truly felt right there with you both cheering you on!  a tribe of 1M, on your side Bec!   I’ve always wanted to shave my head but have never had the balls to do it- I just lived it through you with pure happiness and joy. You have the raw courage, confidence, and energy about you to conquer anything.  You are stunning! hair doesn’t define you. You radiate high frequency vibes Bec. You’re beautiful..   Eamon, don’t think all your positive words and affirmation go un noticed. Be true to yourself and your emotions.. lean in on each other..   Xx Shann
Thanks for sharing this journey with us!! I cried with you when you cut your hair. But Eamon is so good at making you laugh and keeping you happy, so happy to see that ❤️❤️
thank you for posting! You are an inspiration Bec! I never thought I can get so attached by someone on the internet. I was thinking at you yesterday  and praying you're good. Sending love from Munich.
You guys are amazing! Me and my girlfriend are living with sickness to. She have thrombosis in her legs and brain. But I promise you one thing - LOVE will get you to a level, and from this level you take the small steps upwards! I wish you all joy, happiness and love! <3 / Sweden
It is so incredible to see what a journey this is for Eamon as well as Bec. This is definitely about Bec, but seeing another perspective from someone so close is also so important. I know Lee is watching over you both.  And seriously, you have mad Natalie Portman vibes now, Bec, so fit! 💗
Bec, you are so strong to share this journey with us. You are SO beautiful!!! You are an inspiration! Eamon, you are such a supportive partner. Bec is lucky to have you. Sending love and good vibes to you both.  ❤️
Hot mama!!!! You are beautiful no matter what. The wig looks like you never missed a beat. You might have to hide it from Eamon.  My mom didnt want to do chemo because of her hair loss was a deal breaker. She would not show anyone her capless head. You are owning this!!!! Keep on, keeping on you warrior!!! See the head shaving part reminded me of the movie " GI Jane" Remember what a bad @$$ she was.
So stunning without hair!
God the Father loves you so much that he sent His Holy Son Jesus to earth, to be born of a virgin.He (Jesus) grew up and died on a cross for humanity's sins.  He was put in a tomb after He died for our sins, for 3 days, and then Father raised Jesus to life. He(Jesus) appeared to people and ascended back to heaven. To be God's child we must recieve Jesus sincerely(John 1:12) and repent(Mark 1:15).  Jesus said in John 14:15 "If ye love Me, keep My commandments" Once we get saved by sincere faith in Christ, we are to then begin to obey the commands of Jesus.  Will you abide and remain in Christ? We need to lean on the Holy Spirit all day each day.  We need to surrender all to Christ.  We should be emptied of our selfishness, and be filled with the Holy Spirit.  Please remain in Christ and rely on the Holy Spirit each and ever day, all day!
So a strong empowering woman. Hard wormige to watch ❤️.
so much beautiful in that face, there's no need for hair 😍  love you guys ♥️
Wow. This vlog is so so special. I didn’t know I could switch from deep heartbreaking crying to belly hurts laughing so quickly. You are special. You have always been and will always be so so beautiful to us all. We love you deeply! ✨
I literally started to cry too when they shaved off her hair! I felt so bad for her! even though she looks prettier then ever! Sending my love!
It breaks my heart that you have to live thru this, you are so strong and beautiful and this too shall pass. My heart is with you and let the light shine baby this too shall pass
Bec you are beautiful hair or no hair. You will get through this. I understand us women hold our hair close to us.
This is my first YouTube comment ever but I just needed to post this. You looks beautiful Bec! And like such a BAD ASS! You got this girl! Never EVER feel like you are not beautiful because you are inside and out and you are the definition of strength! Eamon my dude you are also the definition of strength as well! Keep being you guys <3
Good move Eamon, replacing Bec with Sinéad O'Connor!
🕊Peace♥️Love & 🕯Light to You as you navigate this journey to VICTORY!
You are beautiful + inside and out
CONGRATS on 1 Million!  Bec, you are absolutely Gorgeous  1000% Respect for you and Aemon and Much Love.
I pray for you very often stay strong girl you will get threw this.
Beautiful brave Bec. Thank you so much for giving us this intimate insight into the hardest part of your life. Watching you go through this is like watching a friend go through it. Eamon is such a sweetheart. Sending lots of love your way ❤️❤️❤️
You truly have such a special relationship and I'm so happy you have each other to get through this. It's so important to allow yourself to feel all the feelings and process so I'm glad you showed that aspect of it. Bec, Eamon is right - you look beautiful and can rock any hairstyle.
Love, love, LOVE the bob! And you!! Thank you for sharing your journey. You are one hella kick ass babe!!! ❤
Your beauty doesn't come from your hair, it comes from your beautiful heart. Thank you for sharing your most personal and emotional time. I am so greatfull for you Bec. I was unable to cry. I cry with you now. Thank you so much
So beautiful and so strong what an amazing woman
♥️ You are a natural beauty 💖
Strength and beauty inside and out ❤️
You look like a model with the shaved head. The hair isn't what makes you beautiful. You look fierce and sassy. Rock it girl because you can.
Bec is beautiful! You look like a total badauds girlie!! ❤️
You look beautiful ♥️
You are both in my prayers EVERY NIGHT!!! love you both so much.
Congratulations on 1 million✨🥂🎉!! And you look beautiful ALL ways because you are so natural GORGeeeous🌹💕 You two are amazing, much love from Seattle❤x
I have followed you for some time and I just wanted to say that I think what you are both doing is truly inspirational, sharing the most intimate part of your lives and your journey through cancer, its so personal, emotional, raw and honest  and you have no idea how many people you will be helping in the process to not feel alone. Its so nice watching you both find your way together through humour and it always makes me smile how much you can make each other laugh. You know what they say, laughter is the best medicine ! YOU ROCK.
You are beautiful Bec xx
You know someone is physically beautiful when they look stunning bald. Your inner beauty is your real super power Bec, but never worry about how you look without hair because you're smashing it. ❤
I appreciate your honesty and willingness to share this journey with us. I am sending healing prayers for you both.  And yes, you are beautiful inside and out.
Your strength, style & overall honesty during your journey is amazing. Love to you Bec xx
You look so good bec.
Damn you’re so strong and brave ❤️❤️🙏🙏I live with disability’s so to see y’all go through this and still push so hard is so inspiring I love y’all so much and wish y’all the best ❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏
All the best for you guys and all the strength Bec!! You are beautiful and so motivating . 🌹
Thank you for allowing us to come on this madness of a journey with you, good & bad. We appreciate it😘🙏
I think you are so brave. And your both a breath of fresh air. You will get through this. Such a lovely couple. Love watching you guys. Sending loads of love. X
I hope 🤞 grow hair back ❤️🤟✊
I too think the bald look literally looks so cool and sexy. It brings out the shine in your eyes, the feminine features in your bones. I’m not just saying that either. You look like a fashion run way model. P.s. I’m a straight woman with no lesbian tendencies.  Go Bec!  You really look great either bald, or haired!
Oh Bec you look gorgeous and your so full of energy love you, praying for you.
Support with you both! such kind words Eamon you share with Bec!
Girl you would look good in a wet paper bag.  You are so bloody beautiful 😍 💖 always 💖
♥️♥️♥️♥️
The Duke variety of Blueberry 🫐 plants do well in cold climates and are full of antioxidants I have them in my Scottish  🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 garden and whenever I get 🤧 🤒 I take them straight off the bush your land would be perfect for a blueberry 🫐 growing garden 🪴 beck xxx love fay Scotland
Wow! Without your hair your eyes and smile just shine brighter! Seriously! Your eyes seem a even deeper brown! I’m praying for your bec! We love you!❤️
You look so beautiful!
You look amazing bec! You two are so inspiring.
Eamen is a man truly in love with Bec and life. I know that love, and it comes from within and the joy and trust he exzuberates is godly.
Bec, you are amazing! Also, Eamon, had to stop this video halfway through to give you a shoutout- so much respect for your support and love.
Your are an amazing strong woman Bec ! you are beautiful inside and out ❤🙏
❤️
Bec you look like a total badass with a shaved head. You ARE a badass.
Bec you have a beautiful bald head…..i too identified with my hair….but i learned my eyes and smile were the most important….  Hugs and love to you both.
Need a pink wig Bec!!!!!!!!!!! 🥰🥰🥰
You may not think your strong, but you are the strongest!!!! I love you and your strength, don't be afraid! Trust in Jesus!!!
You both are so incredibly amazing! Watching you go through this journey together with such love, patience and strength is very inspiring and warms my heart. Bec you are still so very very beautiful, your my hero! Again sending all my love and well wishes 🙏🏼❤️
sending love
Wow I’ve always come here for positivity and I STILL am coming for positivity and good vibes. You make it feel like anyone can get though anything. You are both so strong!💕🎀
Wig or no wig ur still so beautiful kind and nice. IT looks like it is ur hair cant even tell its a wig keep going strong.  #KEEP IT GOING BEC
You both so inspiring ❤️.   The journey is hard, but celebrate your navigating it with grace and love.  Sending positive energy and love.
sending so much love to you both! You are so strong Bec and look amazing!! You have been such an inspiration to me from my teenage years to now my early 20's!
The plant pot had me 😭😭😭 Eamon is such a sweetheart. ❤️ What a lovely and thoughtful way to support your partner. 🪴
Your smashing it Bec 💓💓💓💓💓
You're so beautiful Bec, your light shines so bright. thank you for sharing your journey, we all love you and Eamon and send the best immaculate vibes <3
Bald and beautiful 😍
Mad GI Jane vibes. Gonna kick some major ass.  Also, don't feel bad about being attached to your hair. I was ruined when I realized I was going to go bald, especially since it happened young. It's completely normal.  At least you'll get better and it'll all come back.
I will keep you in my prayers Bec🙏🙏 I cried with you Bec too.
Bec, you're beautiful no matter hair or not.  Hair grows back!!!  Eamon, shave yours too!!!
your beauty comes from within Bec! however you dress up this body of yours, its beautiful becuse You are in it!<3<3 and Eamon is rocking everything he puts on cus he decides its * a thing * and just runs with it! like all the celebs and trend setters and influencers. i look up to you both so much! a truckload of love and hugs sent your way from sweden <3<3<3<3
Not only are you beautiful regardless of having hair or not, but you EXUDE confidence, bravery, and strength!
You are beautiful no matter what your hair looks like.  You are so strong and such an inspiration for so many.  Hugs and light being sent your way!
You’ve got this!!  My mother had ovarian cancer and lung cancer.  She fought off both.  Attitude and positivity is everything to beating this.  I know you will be fine because to me you already have.  Now you and me just need to turn that thought into reality.  I’ll be thinking about and rooting for you in the future.  Thank you for sharing your story.
You’re beautiful no matter what Bec! You really rock a bald head 🤗❤️ Sending much love from Sweden!
i lost it when she said she was wearing lees sweater to be strong😭😭 i cry so much during these videos as my mom is a thyroid cancer survivor, my grandma has breast cancer, my great grandma died of pancreatic cancer, and i had my own cancer scare at 17 (was benign thankfully) and i was born and raised in Ontario (in alberta now) so these videos hit very close to home. thank you guys so much for being so open during this vulnerable time❤️
The wig looks super natural and beautiful
HEY BEC!!! Your such an AMAZING STRONG 💪 POWERFUL  POSITIVE KIND SWEET WOMAN! YOUR GOING TO GET THRU THIS YOUR GOING TO THRIVE AND COME THRU THIS STRONGER THAN EVER! KEEP YOUR HEAD UP AND SPIRITS HIGH. YOU ARE A TRUE INSPIRATION. YOUR ATTITUDE AND GRACE THROUGHOUT LIFE AND LIFE'S CHALLENGES ARE A PERFECT EXAMPLE  OF A SURVIVOR, A WARRIOR! JUST WANT TO SAY THAT NOT ONLY ME BUT ALL OF US ARE HERE PRAYING FOR YOU BOTH!! ...........OK on a different note I know that you guys foster dogs but I think you should keep him permanently animals are healing and a support system. They feel what we do and can help your mental health significantly. And you both have a great bond with him. Maybe it's something to think about. KEEP YOUR HEAD UP YOUR DOING AMAZING!!!!❤❤❤
🥰🙏🏻🥰🙏🏻🥰🇬🇧xxxx
You are so strong and beautiful. I love you with no hair 👩‍🦲 beautiful. Thank you for sharing this deeply personal journey with us. 🙏
I think Eamon has to shave his head in support, right? LOVE you guys!! Sending ALL the Aloha I can for you Bec!
you are beautiful no matter what queen!! stay strong!!❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing your story and your raw emotions with us. You are both beautiful souls and Bec your beauty shines from within. Prayers for you both as you travel this difficult road.
Your beatiful Bec just keeping going on i have kidney disease trying for new kidney. Good luck guys
Bec you are great beautiful strong person w/your hubby
My aunt had cancer in 2020 and her hair was everything to her. I remember her going through this exact process of shaving it and how hard it was for her. Each and every time her hair would fall out she would count it and cry. It broke my heart and I'm praying for not only you but also Eamon because it so hard to see the person you love the most struggle ❤❤❤ You are so strong!!
Bec you are so brave ❤️ sending you guys lots of love
Lots of love from India ❤️
your wig should be Miss. Sassy
The love in this video. Just beautiful.
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out. You guys have millions of souls rooting for you and all that positive energy has to go somewhere. Its going straight to you.
Thank you for letting us tag along in your journey! Your bravery and love for one another is amazing. You are in my thoughts and prayers! You got this Bec.❤
Do not tell someone losing hair from illness or medical treatment that is "just hair."  Our hair is a reflection of our personality and self-presentation, there is nothing "just" about it. That said, you have the perfect face for a variety of haircuts, Becc. You looked beautiful in every phase of your hair journey. Emmon could shave in solidarity. 😉
What a babe!
🌹😘🍀🍀🌈
Very cute bald 🙏🖖
You are adorable and beautiful! Keep smiling! Stay positive!😀
Ramon….make sure you take care of yourself. You must be strong and also be kind to yourself. You’re doing great.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️
Love, love , love y’all so much! 😘👩🏻‍🦽💕
bec! you are just sO BEAUTIFUL
Bec - you have never looked more beautiful!
Becca you are one amazing woman,  bold and beautiful, don't let this dull your shiny spirit ✨️   Also Eammon, hope you are doing OK and have a support network around you. Your being so strong also. I hope your taking timeout for yourself as well.   Sending light and love to you both x
I have a mole on my scalp to! You are beautiful
Watching this video, I was trying to imagine how I'd feel about loosing my hair and I THINK I wouldn't feel as strongly about it, but I recognize that this is much different for others and (maybe) especially women (I don't want to sound misogynistic, so if I do, please understand that it is not my intention). But you've embraced your baldness and to be honest, Eamon is right. You are beautiful and while the wigs look fantastic, I think you look like a rockstar with your bald hair. Another step in the process of healing. Stay strong and kick this cancer so you can get back to your van so I can see 'my table' again (sorry, had to get that little egoistic point in there 😛) You've got this!
You honestly do look amazing bald. If you didn't show us that you shaved your head and just put your wig on we would never had known. Going through all this you are unstoppable 💪 sharing your struggles helps me get through mine. I struggle with mental health issues and I see the courage you are showing and it inspires me to keep trying. I have good days and bad days and that's OK. Thank you for sharing 🥲
Wow! Absolutely stunning 🥰🥰 x
Omg!! You look so amazing with no hair and also you should name your wig “sunshine” because of the song you sang in the shower and because of liquid sunshine. ☀️
Bec, you look like and are a superhero, like Eleven from Stranger Things! Beautiful! Thank you for sharing your struggle.
I hope I can be half the man and supporter Eamon is if I ever have to be for my wife.    Sending positive thoughts and healing vibes from northern Maine.     It’s so humbling to be able to follow and support from afar.   You look beautiful Bec!
Hi Bec, you look absolutely gorgeous, every beautiful feature in your face is highlighted. I'm so impressed with how you and Eamon are handling this journey and sharing your experience with the world. I wish you all the strength and love in the world.
You are amazing! And Eamon is such a big support. I wish you health and prosperity
Bec… my daughter shaved her head about a week before Christmas… I couldn’t believe how awesome she looked. You too look amazing. I have always said that women carry their beauty in their eyes. You have gorgeous eyes and losing your hair just makes your beautiful eyes so awesome. You rock the no hair better than Sinead O’Conner. And you look bad ass… cause you are bad ass! Hugs…
My heart goes out to you guys😢😢😢😢
Your strength is really beautiful Bec 💗
Becs I am sorry to say that I prefer you bald than with all the hair, you look fantastic and your head and face are just perfect, you are an incredibly beautiful woman. Soon the hair is going to start growing back but please keep it to no more than a number 2. You will stand out as an amazingly beautiful woman. 😘😘😘
Lee is strong , but I think we all agree, you are strong too 😍 good job handling this all.
Oh bec u look beautiful 😍 I am a huge fan of u guys I’m sorry 😢 that u have to go through this so happy 😁 u have eamon bye your side
such amazing people xxxxx
I agree with Eamon, you are gorgeous bald and can pull it off with your amazing bone structure! 💜 The wig looks like your hair (especially with the hat) you legit cannot tell the difference. You both are in my thoughts often. I commented back when you hit 1 million subs, so proud of you. 👏 THANK YOU for building such a wonderful tribe.
You BOTH are so beautiful! Bec makes bald “rad!” 💖💖💖
Oh wow you look beautiful. You are still you. Always love and prayers. ❤❤🙏🙏
You both have beautiful souls and fantastic personalities besides your good looks.  I'm keeping you both and your families in my prayers.  God bless!!
You got this Bec. My Sister survived colon cancer and my cousin survived breast cancer. Stay strong and with all the love and support you have you'll rock this. You're a rockstar. A beautiful rockstar. . .
No because she actually looks so pretty bauld
You look amazing no matter what Bec. But honestly you rock the bald head look.
I cried with you the whole video.   You are so incredibly amazing, and the love and support you guys show each other is inspiring.   And Bec, I gotta say.... you are giving some serious Katy Perry vibes with the shaved head.  (Love it! ❤)
I've been watching your ivf treatment and 1st chemo videos over and over again. Bec you don't know how much strength you give us. We feel your power right through these videos. Thank you for empowering us. But just want you to know there will be days that will be hard and you'll feel you have nothing to show and empower. But still we'll be with you. Please dont take any pressure on what you show us in these videos. We love you no matter what. We pray for your healing everyday. Looking forward to that day where you gonna say "guys I'm cancer free❤"
Warrior Mode!  You both are handling this beautifully and the ability to share your journey is helping countless people on the same path.  Love and light to you both.  Beautiful Bec!
Oh gosh, I never realized how rough cancer can be. Bless you Bec. Prayers for you. You got this, hang in there.
the love eamon is constantly communicating to bec is so strong, i feel it 💓😭 sending love back & healing energy ✨
Seeing a surprise Sunday video seriously makes my day! It's always so nice to hear from you guys ❤️ Thank you for sharing your story and taking us along on this journey. I can't imagine it is easy to pick up the camera during these times. Know we are here for you guys through it all, and always thinking of you Bec and especially Eamon and Oso. So glad you have such a good support system. Sending lots of love and healing thoughts. ❤️❤️
I was crying with you throughout this video. I applaud your strength and courage for sharing this journey with us and showing us the raw emotion you’re experiencing. You both are so lucky to have each other and you can just feel the love and support radiating through your videos. Both of you are in my prayers. Sending you all the love in the world❤️❤️
Okay.  Completely superficially here, you look AWESOME!  Seriously.  Its really cute!
You literally look amazing no matter what, it's because your beauty radiates from within outwards and it's undeniable. Any look you have, it's just full of warmth and strength.
Beautiful
Wow! This is a big compliment and utterly sincere. You look like Agent 99 from my favorite 60’s childhood show called “Get Smart”.  (The actress’s name is Barbara Felton.  Hope you Google). Also wishing you strength and love, always. You are an inspiration! Continuing to watch after the original comment was left. I wanted to add this. Vacuums don’t exist in nature. When something is lost, something comes in to fill the space.  I was told this by a wise person when I noticed my changing face and body as I aged.  As I processed this I realized the beauty I hadn’t focused on like being kind, forgiving, wise and generous.  These often increase as we age.  I think you may find you prematurely have manifested an abundance of these qualities.  In a short while the physical things will rebound and you will have the inner shine of an older soul.
Bec, you are the most beautiful bald person I have ever seen, your beauty within is shining through even more!  Thanks for sharing your journey with us.
You honestly look so amazing bald! It really just lets your beauty shine <3
Eamon, respect brother.
Wow, I can't get a dermatologist to remove a mole of mine that I feel self conscience about.
Bec, You are BEAUTIFUL! PRAYERS ARE GOING UP! 🙏
You look beautiful Bec!
You are definitely a beautiful person and can pull off any hair do. You look amazing!
Eamon it’s your turn
If anyone can rock being bald it’s you❤️. Also I know you’re only fostering Osa but he’s such a part of this journey maybe he should become a permanent family member
You´re doing great guys so in awe of you! Rocking the bald style Bec, and the wig looks good on Eamon too lol we love you!
Bec, you are a sweet and beautiful champ. Thanks for sharing your story like this with all of us.
You guys are seriously such an inspiration! You are beautiful Bec and I believe you can do this. Your love for each other is amazing!!!! Sending so many prayers and so much love. SOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL
❤
❤
Your truthfulness and strength are shining through.  Prayers for you all during this journey!
Eamon is the best partner ever! Go Bec!
Losing your hair even if you know you look amazing is traumatizing. It’s emotional, but you’ll get through it. It gets easier to cope. Then, you start loving differently and get used to it. Your skin gets sensitive from the treatments. I was bald headed and shaved it not from going through cancer but because it was falling out. I cried for some days but then I made it work and was happy for a time.
I really love the way you guys document your lives… the rawness of it all. You guys are beautiful souls. Love y’all.
What a beauty! It shows your eyes and your face so great! Hope you keep your hair short after the therapy. Honestly you don't have to hide behind wigs or scarves but I can fully understand the urge to stick on to what you're used to.  When you tried your wig I kept thinking "Bec, don't". Eamon's right when he keeps telling you look great bald.
I'm in Southern Ontario and today we are getting a very warm breeze  ahead of a cold front. I decided to watch your video outside this morning with several dogs at my feet (I run a boarding and grooming kennel from home). I sip my chaiwala chai and I hold it together until Lee's sweater 💛....then gushes and buckets of tears have flowed after that.  Just so proud of you Bec and Eamon.  You're heavy on my mind, a complete stranger, and I'm rooting for you both from my little part of the world.  Lots.of.love ❤ from Bethoney
You are both so brave, I love that you are allowing us to follow your journey.. Your positive vibe is amazing.
You are so great! Be blessed in every way<3
Sending love from a fellow fighter!
Oh Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair! Lots of healing and love to you both 💕
I feel you… I think many women define themselves by their hair. Instagram is full of long wavy hair… But it’s just hair. And you look really gorgeous. So good to know that you have so much people around you who love you so much. But I also want to hold your hand, sweetheart. I’m there for you when you need a hug. I feel that we all want to hug you, if you need it. You are such a strong soul. And inspiring. Feel hugged and kissed! This time I cried during the whole video. Mixed emotions. Tears of happiness also because Eamons Love for you is so amazing. So sweet…
We love you Bec!
🤎🤎🤎
What an empowering woman you are. I lost my hair in 2017 (not chemo but I was on life support) and it grew back curly, I loved it. Sadly as it grew longer it went back to it’s original wavy. So glad you have friends like Aimee, who totally rocks a wig and gives you support. My husband had cancer and in 2016 he shaved his head but hadn’t thought about the rest of his body😂😂. He went from a teddy bear to being as smooth as silk. Eamon you are killing it. It’s just as hard on the partner watching the one you love suffer. I’ve cried through the whole vlog but that’s ok as those bad time of mine keep me positive today 🤗
So very happy you have Eamon by your side. What a man. You are very blessed to have him. ❤️
Girl you can REALLY rock a shaved head!!! So beautiful, not you can have fun with jewelry and use it as your accessory rather than your hair 💖
I was a hairdresser almost 40 years ago (but in my heart I’ve always been a hairdresser) and to me, my hair is so important even though intellectually I know its just hair and I feel superficial to admit how important to me. I am just telling you this so you know there’s people here who support and understand… I cried right along with you.
Hi Bec your beautiful with or without hair! You will rock this! I think the name Harriet is fitting for your second head 😂
Bec you are amazing! You look fantastic with all your hair styles, short or long x Keep rocking you x Eamon you are so brilliant with all your support for Bec, Make sure you look after yourself too. Sending 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 love to you both x
Your courage is contagious!  I am so very thankful for both of you for sharing your journey through this. You are helping me to understand what my mother went through when I was young and didn’t have a clue. She is turning 78 this year and it’s been over 30 years ago that she went through the same. Thank you for sharing the emotional rollercoaster and all the emotions you are going through it’s so helpful to be real and not put on a brave face for us. I have shred many tears for you both. I tear up every time Eamon is so kind and loving to you, it takes courage and strength to support someone you love going through something this hard. It is such a honour to watch what you are going through, thank you for sharing with us. And you are gorgeous with and without your hair!!
Eamon your such a great partner!!! And beck your so beautiful and strong you got this 💪🏽♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
You look so so Sooo stunning in the last part of your video. When you smile you look like your glowing x
2 of my aunts had breast cancer. One of them lost her hair, and it grew back long and strong, and eventually she cut it short again for fun! Love you guys! Stay strong! 🤍🤍🤍 Edited to mention that they are both cancer free and have been for over a decade! You’ve got this!
“You’re just so beautiful, inside & out” no you are!😌✨
Thanks for sharing your journey. You guys are such an awesome couple. Best wishes for your weeks to come
Sweet Bec your Beauty comes from your Beautiful Soul that shines through your gorgeous brown eyes and your authentic Beautiful personality.   No one will notice you don't have hair because your shinning golden aura is s bright as the sun.  We all hope you are feeling the Love from round the world.  You have been a beaming light in this dark world we live in. We all are sending you lots of love.
You are so brave!  You are still beautiful!  Prayers & lots of hugs to you & also to Eamon...hang in there!
Love u bec 😘 💓
You, Bec, look stunning.... absolutely STUNNING.  Who needs hair anyway? Just one more stress in the morning.  Thank you both for who you are. Beautiful souls.  Love from the U.K.
You are beautiful. Hair has nothing to do with it.
Love you guys!!!
Aw bec.. u look so beautiful bald too🥺
You rock that beautiful bald head.  God bless.  Sending lots of prayers.
And think of everyone who sees you, as you help by showing so closlely what you go through and how you feel!!! 💞💗🙏💞💗🙏
Beautiful inside and out 🥰xxx
Love youuuuu Beck! Love you! Jeep fighting! Love you todo Aemon!
💪
CRYING HARD RN 😭😭😭 Beck you are such a beautiful soul, I have never experienced what you are going through but my heart and prays are with you ❤ I found you through the happy pear's insta story when you visited Ireland and I was legit in the cafe like a week ago and thought about you guys❤ lots of love from Ireland 🇮🇪  ps CAN ALL MEN IN THE WORLD TAKE A FRICKEN NOTE AND SUPPORT YA GURL THE WAY EAMON IS AND JUST BE MORE LIKE HIM IN GENEAL I MEAN GOALS AS FUCK ❤❤❤
💜Dear Beck you are beautiful 💜Love you both💜
Not many people at all can pull off a bald head but Bec, you look gorgeous and hot! You are both so beautiful inside and out. I love that both of your hair is combined for your wig, that makes it very special! What a great supportive, loving, helpful friend you have in Eamon and you deserve such a good friend. You are the female version of him and he is the male version of you. I think you two are perfect together and would love it Bec if you told us the story of how you two met. I really have enjoyed watching you renovate that home by yourselves, you have done an amazing job it is so gorgeous there. Sending healing vibes and prayers for a fast recovery.
The way you love each other... Now that is beautiful. 💕
Love you forever 🖤
Bec you are so beautiful and strong💕
3 seconds in and I’m fighting tears. Love you bb’s you’re in my heart
You look so good and your so srong. Were all so proud of you Bec❤❤
The moments where you say you don’t think you can handle it and you take a moment to sit with it and process… and then you conquer the heck out of what’s challenging you.. Bec you are a freaking warrior ♥️ I’m so in awe of the way you give yourself such grace to process your emotions. & Eamon the way you support her and are there for her…but also keep her laughing and positive: it’s truly amazing what a great partner you are to her. Y’all are both incredible. Sending all the love  and good vibes✌🏼
You are an amazing couple.  Thank you for sharing. Take care of each other xxx
You are so beautiful!!!! Long hair, short hair, bald or with wig....inside and outside....You are gorgeous in all the ways! 💖💕💜
All the love you two share is so beautiful. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending love❤️
Truly uplifting. What an amazing example of going through cancer Mindfully and with much Heart. Love you both.
Bec, you look badass. You're so inspiring, brave and strong. Thanks for sharing this deeply personal time in your and Eamon's life
You look absolutely BEAUTIFUL bald!! Eamon is NOT just saying that!! You look beautiful. Praying for you! 💋🙏❤️‍🔥
You have the best partner to do this with. You're beautiful no matter what Bec.💗💗
Stay with it Bec. I'm a three time survivor of cancer. I know you will win this battle as i did. You got this. Keep your spirits up.
Love you both keep on keeping on
The hair loss was 100% the hardest part of my journey - funny part was I lost it everywhere but my legs of course 😝
You are beautiful Bec inside and out!
Bec your beautiful! You have a gem in Eamon, so supportive in your journey with breast cancer! Sending prayers &💕!
Oh my heart! I celebrate you two so much! You are awesome and beautiful and soooo inspiring! Lots of love ❤️
You guys are just unbelievably awesome, and I know i echo everyone else but Bec you REALLY do look stunning bald ( like a sexy kick-ass assassin ) which you are!!! Sending all 3 of you a tonne of love ❤️ xxxxx
I had so many emotions from watching this. I am just amazed at how gorgeous of a person you are. When I look at you I don’t see a cancer patient I see a strong, inspiring, gorgeous women❤️
You're beautiful Bec, hair or no hair. I just want to say there is alot of people out here who have shaved heads or who are bald for multiple reasons. I don't associate bald heads or shaved heads with cancer. Thank you for being so brave and sharing your journey and vulnerability. ♡
I'm kind of rough on a lot of YouTubers but you are my favorites as HUMANS, not because of your great content. Watching Bec is like watching a family member! 🌹
you are beautiful with and without hair and it shows what a amazing strong person you are. sending you all the love xxx
I love the bald look! Very beautiful ( and I mean that sincerely).
Bec and Eamon - you are so amazing. We love you.  ❤
we are with you each and every second stay safe guys
you two = rock solid. !!
Bec you so beautiful with or with your hair!  Sending lot of love, hugs and prayers! Eamon, you're a trip! ✌️💕🙏
Girl, you are beautiful no matter what! And bold you are sexyyy 🔥🔥🔥
Bec, you look stunning bald ❤️ Seriously. I think you look better bald than with the head wraps. Praying for you always 🤗🙏❤️
Looking gorgeous as always!! You are one strong lady.
You’re amazing.
Aemon, how did you get to know how to support someone in crisis so perfectly?  Especially when it is a crisis for you as well.
You’re beautiful. I shaved my head when I was losing hair due to MS medications. Once I shaved it, I wondered why I waited so long. No more worrying about the hair falling out. Now you can rock the bald and rock a wig! ❤️
You're are just beautiful , we love u soo much and you both doing so great your bond is so strong , ❤️❤️❤️love from India and again we love u and stay strong we gonna make it through it
Love your haircut Bec.
You are amazing! Grettings from Peru.
Your doing great job love you both and you look amazing and I cried with you the whole video
Bec your a gorgeous warrior with a beautiful soul, and Eamon your so kind, loving and encouraging!!!
I  think wigs are the way to go because you look so gorgeous with a shaved head you should probably keep it that way. A wig would give you options if you fancied a quick change. You’ve such a gorgeous face you would look great with any hairstyle - except probably a mullet. No-one looks good with a mullet 🤣. Big love as ever. x
Yay Team!  Congratulations on the million subscribers. Well done and well deserved. Thank you for dancing your vegan love souls in front of the world. You are courageous and kind. I am moved with tears of joy to see the light sparkling in your eyes again and anticipate you both having a blast with the wigs. I am well versed in the liquid gold dance (Mom care for 27 yrs.) and offer what tips and tricks my mom used, anytime. You both are so in tune and advanced, you’ve got this in the bag. My mom used to get herself through by reminding herself The bad accents the good. And the worst times always improve... ❤️
❤️❤️❤️You’re amazing Bec, your light shines so bright in & out. I love seeing how great of a support system Eamon has been to you as well ❤️❤️❤️
wow i've never seen someone rock a bald head like you!!!!!! your attitude towards everything is genuinely so inspiring!!!! love you guys!!!!
You are beautiful with hair or without.  What matters most is how beautiful you are within.   When you decide to play with hair get yourself good lace front wigs with plucked edges and in different colors and styles to play around with it.  Must love from the America side of the Pacific Northwest
💋💋💋💋❤️
I knew you'd rock a smooth noggin 🤭🤍
Bec, you glow, jou are beautifull in and outside... I do not really know you and yet i have you in  my Hart.....also Eamon, of Bec doesnt want you,  i will😍and Lee is right beside you, date is coming up....i know its hart but jou could be her sister..... Lots of Love and hugh From holland💋💋
you are absolutely beautiful with or without hair.  Your beauty and love within your heart shows through your face, body and personality, no hair needed.  You are full of love and courage and make the world a better place because you are in it.
Sending you so much love to you Bec. I live with chronic illness and this corner of the internet has supported me through so many hospital visits and flare ups. Sharing your journey will help so many more people too! 💜
You are both so beautiful inside and out. I'm so glad you're both checking in. Your attitude is so amazing
Such a warrior 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪✌️✌️
I cried with you and i hope with time you recover thanks for sharing this journey.
You are a  amazing lovely lady and Eamon a loving partner. What a beautiful couple xx
You absolutely rock the new do. Sending positive thoughts & vibes to you two! It’s amazing seeing your strength through these videos, we all love how real you are. 🖤
you are so strong, you got this girl! i know someone who is recovering from cancer, and she had to lose her hair, now it’s grown back short and curly and looks amazing! God puts these events in your life for a purpose. you are AMAZING. sending so much love 💗
Honestly Bec you look like a Bad B!!!! Loooove the look- it’s so freaking refreshing! And you can switch out the look whenever you want! 💜🔥
Watching the love you both have for each other, brings me so much joy. 💕
Eamon you are one of the most amazing men.  The depth of your love and care for Bec brings tears to my eyes.  You are compassionate and empathetic to Bec.  At the end Bec asked how you are doing.  Your answer was telling.  I hope you have someone you can talk to about how you are feeling as Bec goes through this journey with you.  Bec your love shines through, hair no hair.  Frankly you are attractive  with or without hair.  You are one of those people who could wear a gunnysack and rock the look.  Sending love and hugs to you both.
Stunning with long hair.  Stunning with a fringe.  Stunning with a bob.  Stunning with a shaved head.  You're beautiful inside and outside all the time.  Hoping for a speedy recovery.
Hey Bec, you look fabulous. You look like the actress Jaimie Alexander. I had to do a double take. I wanted to say you are strong and beautiful both inside and out. It is hard to let go of hair especially when it has always been apart of you. But it will grow back and with that growth comes a story of your journey and your strength 💪. Remember you are loved. You are beautiful.  You are who you need to be.
i cried so much. i felt your pain. sending hugs your way.
You kids hang in there.
You are SO beautiful inside and out! You are rocking the wigs! 🥰
KATIE!!!! the name should be KATIE!!!
All the love and good vibes to you both ❤️❤️ You look amazing Bec.  Love from India.
Holding you both in my heart and sending Reiki from Oklahoma. 💖💖💖
Oh if we could all be as strong as you and Eamon. This is just a little spec in your life and I can tell through my journey it will all be just a memory soon. Love to you both.
You’ve gotta get a lovely little BOB wiggy  too❤️. Love to you both ❤️❤️
Your look great, don't cry
Eamon. Shave your head in solidarity. Just an idea ?     Thanks for sharing.    Craig  Pa.
You look beautiful, love the headscarves….they are both fun and chic❄️.
I just want to reach out to give you both a huge hug!  You have a great partner and support system.  You are beautiful not matter what!
You both are such beautiful people inside and out. Hair does not make a woman, it’s your heart and soul that does that. Bec strong we say around my house. ❤️
Bec, you are so beautiful and strong! You are going to Rock bucket hat and ball cap. Your new wigs will look awesome on.  Eamon, you are a very special person! Just keep doing the things you are doing.
Gosh, I have been watching you guys for years and every time you post a video I take the time and watch every second because you both are such amazing people. Its so weird to say that as someone who just watches your videos, but truly the vulnerability, the happiness, the sadness, the love, you express it exactly how it is. It gives me confidence to feel all my own emotions at their fullest. I appreciate what you guys do. ❤
You are beautiful. You are strong,  sending positive thoughts your way ❤
I generally think that people who do not do traditional work but live off of you tube are lazy. However, after seeing this video I have to save this is Oscar worthy. I have never seen a major movie that affected me more. My identical twin died blast year from cancer and she lost her hair and it was positive since she had dyed her hair for years and it allowed her to go white like my hair. Congratulations for being incredibly talented and best wishes for the future. My sister had an unusual and deadly cancer but breast cancer treatments are much better than in the past and you have a positive future. I am a MD so I am not saying this without some knowledge
Bec, I know we women emphasize, and relate our   hair with beauty but Bec you look actually very good bald. You remind me of a badass chick in a movie that is or was bald. There have been a few.I wish i could remember their names. Also, what you called red that Eamon bought for you with that cap was also very cool and looked great on you as well.Plus u have the other wig.. I've always had baby fine finish hair I hate to admit and I have thought for the longest time that I would love to try a wig.. you're very lucky to have such  a good man and you can tell how much he loves you and you love him and your fur baby.. I have been thinking about you guys and wishing you all the best!  Hang in there and know that you  guys are loved by many!  oxo from Md! 💕
As I sit here in such awe of how strong and beautiful you are, I just want you to know, I'm not thinking about you only on Sundays, I'm thinking about you always! ❤ You are so incredibly strong!  You and Eamon have such a love, you inspire so many things in me. I wish there was a way to pay you back for all the strength that you've shown me is possible.  Sending love and light your way, always, Bec and Eamon!
Watching your journey makes me anxious and sad, but then Eamon is always around with his instinctive hunour, hugs, laughs and kisses. This reassures me that you will champion through this without any probs. Lots of love to both of you. From Sweden.
Sending all the love and positive energy your way! You both are awesome and Bec YOU are beautiful inside and out 🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
Hot Dang Ms. Bec you are GOREGEOUS Ma'am! Absolutely RADIANT! You and Eamon are amazing together as well!  I know you're scared about losing your hair, but Ma'am you have the most stunning cheek bones, and facial structure you're going to look BOSS rockin' a bald head. You are beautiful with and without hair.
🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️ BEAUTIFUL!
You are BEAUTIFUL. Hair, bald, inside and out. Thank you for sharing your vulnerability and journey
You remind me of Demi Moore in GI Jane and she looked hot with a shaved head!
Bec, you're beautiful no matter what. The bob definitely was cute.  Eamon was absolutely correct when he said you looked beautiful bald as well.  Eamon, my guy, you're beautiful too.   Thank you both for sharing your story.
I cried with you and for you! Stay as strong as you can and then let Eamon be strong for you! You are beautiful with or without hair, your beauty comes from within!
Thank you for sharing your journey Bec & Eamon! I cried with you. You are so beautiful Bec! Eamon you are such a rockstar. Praying for you both! Sending love <3
Name it hope the wig
Eamon thank you for sticking by our queen every step of the way. You have shown such incredible support. The two of you are so blessed to have each other. Bec you are a WARRIOR WOMAN.
LOVE YOU TWO SO MUCH, THIS MAN OF YOURS BEC  IS SO SPECIAL.  CARRY ON CARRYING ON XXXXXX
Your not beautiful because of your hair you are beautiful because of your soul and the way you always share what you are going through and being brave enough to be real and not holding back what you are feeling. You are so strong, brave, courageous, and most of all you are an all around inspiration. Never let your light fade out because you are so bright.
Your one of thoughts beautiful people who look good with what ever hair style you have! You'll look good when your bald! Just because your such a beautiful lady!   💘💘
Bec you’re so gorgeous!!! You look like a powerful warrior and you look so strong and radiant!
No Joke ... You are beautiful.
You are BEAUTIFUL!
Love you two! Bec you’re amazing! Eamon you’re amazing! Thanks for sharing your journey! 🥰
name your wig “hope” or Zoe. Which means everlasting life.
Crying along and cheering along with you guys. Sending you so much love ❤️
You look incredible Bec. I understand why you were so nervous but honestly you look more beautiful than ever!!!
Love you guys.. sending our thoughts ❤️❤️
We have watched Bec / Eamon for many years and they are truly remarkable and gifted couple. Bec looks amazing with or without her hair (now Eamon is another story , lol just joking) One thing you can NEVER , NEVER take away is Bec's HEART. This beautiful woman has an amazing soul. Take care BT
Question:. Why is your fur baby having to wear a cone???  Just curious, cause I don't remember you mentioning it.
Sending love from northern Ontario (cochrane, Ontario)! ❤️
You are beautiful with hair and without hair. The important thing is what is in the inside. Thank you dome much for sharing your journey with us. You are strong, remember that.
You are beautiful, strong, courageous and absolutely AMAZING!!!
🙏🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤❤
You are truly so wonderful. Both of you ❤️. Sending all the love in the world. You are incredibly beautiful Bec xxxx
Bec, you are so beautiful!!! My tears were flowing for you. Keep up the good work!! You are a rock star!! oxox
LOVE  LOVE I am so happy that you have each other.
With my chemo, I got to shave my head on Oct 30 and went as Charlie Brown for Halloween!  It was a once in a lifetime opportunity and I snagged it.
😍 Wow you look AMAZING bold and so inspiring
You look wonderful, Bec. Sending you a big, big hug!
Sooooo freaking cute  💗
Bec, you look like a stunning bad ass superhero ❤️ I'm getting Charlize Theron on Mad Max vibes
Bec, you look amazing! You are both so fortunate to have each other, and you are going to come out of this so strong! Congratulations for your beautiful 1.06M subscribers! This is such an accomplishment. 🥰
You two are completely awesome. Thank you for showing us the journey that you’re going on. Bec is beautiful. Emon I thought would shave his head too. We love you guys. Be safe, see you in the next video.
You guys knock me out - you're so strong and vulnerable and real. Eamon, you are so loving and supportive. You're holding the light for both of you when it gets really tough for your partner. I could really see your commitment to living positively. Bec, I saw that in you when you were first sharing how scared you felt when you thought about losing all your beautiful hair. You looked down, and then back up at us and flashed your incredible smile. We could see you reach down inside for your confidence and belief in yourself. What an amazing example of resiliency you are. There are millions of people who need to see that; to find that within themselves. You give them and all the rest of us so much hope. We love you. Thank you.
Incredible how Beauuuuutiful you are... with or without hair you are just glowing sooooo much.... Love you both <3 sendint lots of love from Switzerland
Bec you are beautiful!!
Thank you so much for Sharing these intimate moments with us all 💜
That was incredible! So raw, so real, so beautiful, i cried , i smiled  and yes Bec you are so beautiful , i pray, i hope , keep fighting  this battle.. hugs to Eamon ... beautiful loving couple xx
I like your new still of hair
Bec this is not bad , just means means that you are a solar panel sex machine Sorry if I have upset you
Going bald suits you so much! You have such a beautiful face and you can see your bone structure even more. X
All the love and good thoughts to you guys !!! ❤️❤️❤️
This was beautiful! You are beautiful and so strong Bec! And Eamon, I know from experience that this is not a journey she is on alone. Bec is lucky to have you beside her through this! No one fights alone... Ya'll will overcome this and come out stronger than ever!
Beautiful inside  and out.🤟🏻
I'm crying with love for you both. I'm more of a watcher than a commenter, but this just hit me square in the heart like no other. Too many thoughts and emotions to catalog here, but know that you are both beautiful humans, inside and out and your gift to the world is just being you. Be strong. Be brave. Be you. ❤
Still hot 🔥
💜💜💜💜
We love you Bec!!!!
Bec  you look Amazing!! My youngest child has gone through some real health struggles. They had UC and contracted a flesh eating bacteria while trying to save their colon. Now they have an ileostomy and 5 years later they are still healing from various surgeries along the way. Their hair started falling out so they decided to shave their head and at 55 years old I shaved mine as well. I Loved the confidence it gave me and would do it again. Thanks again for sharing you journey with us!
Bec you are so very beautiful. Your love for others and your strength is evident. Thank you Eamon for your care of Bec.
Oh seeing Bec cry makes me cry. You are so beautiful and so strong. And Eamon, you are such a wonderful partner. Much love to you both.
Wow Bed you look awesome your beautiful inside and out your not too bad either Eamon.  Thankyou for allowing us to come along with you and let us into your lives.  Million followers keep them coming 💕🙏
Seeing you cry is breaking my heart, I remember being your age and learning myself how tied I was to my hair when I lost ALOT of it all at once after ONE terrible traumatic phone call.....it does make a difference to somewhat prepare for this <3   I SWEAR I'm not being cliche supportive in saying you totally ROCK the very modern new trend of going bold ala Shinead o connor <3  You look like a modern WOMAN now rather than a girl.  and might I add you look like a MOM, in the best possible way - just like a strong mature woman who spends her time on her family and life goals rather than blowdrying her hair.  YOu supported Eamon in his hair journey, now its your turn!  You guys are a lovely wonder-full couple, you got this Bec! xo
Love u guys .
Oh, my dear Bec, you ARE a beauty with and without hair ! You're stunning ! You definitely can afford being bold being bald  ! :-) Both you and Eamon are an amazing sweet couple. Sending plenty of love from France ♥
Bec! You look like Charlize Theron in Fury Road! YOU’RE A TOTAL BADASS!! And of course you are BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!
Love it ❤️ I loved the Van life journey, and I am so sorry you’re having to go through this. I am loving watching how you carry yourself through this time. We love you Bec!
Beautiful, courageous, kind people! Sending love and light to you! ❤️✨️❤️🕊🕊
You are wonderfully amazing Bec  my heart is just in love with you and Emon wonderful people may you just get through this journey with the strength that you show to everybody you're an inspiration of Love strength courage just everything thank you for sharing your journey.
Dear Bec, as much as it is difficult to watch you going through the difficult days, it is so inspiring to see you go through the good ones ❤️.  You are so brave to share your journey with all of us, and we are grateful for it.  You are both amazing, beautiful inside and out and…so pretty!  And handsome.  Long hair, short, or none at all.  Positive thoughts & good vibes 🙏
Sending all my love for you❤
You are so amazing and Eamon is an amazing husband.  You really look fantastic with your head shaved.  If I  knew I would look that beautiful I would love to shave mine.  I always had thin hair but very healthy.  The thing is it does its on thing.  Listen, hang in there and thanks so much for sharing.
Sending love ❤️
You 2 är Soo  big 🌟! Even if You Cry, Laughing do Crazy things 💞 I bet Amy is jealous of your new Wigs! 💐🎂😘💗
Bec, you are amazing! Sending you all the love and healing power. You are so strong. Eamon, your bright energy through this incredibly hard time for you as well is just so comforting. You two are just amazing. All my love x
Love you both and your in my prayers 🤗🙏
You are beautiful ❤️❤️
You are a beautiful young lady!! Your hair does not make you!! You look bad ass like Charlize Theron. You look like a model.
Holly shit you are so beautiful.  Thank you for being so real with us.  You two are a statement of love .  Always you are in my prayers.
Oh goodness!  I think I cried as much as Bec through this video!  ❤️❤️❤️
Don’t worry it happened to me and now I’m having all my hair back your going’ to be ok GBY
Just love you both. Your amazing all my to you both xx 😘
Cried through so many parts of this video. Bec you are so strong and showing us your vulnerability only makes you more beautiful. So happy to see all the support you have during this time, thank you both for taking us along on such an intimate and personal journey. Much love. ✨🤍
You wil get through this stay strong
Love you guys.. you are amazing  bec!
If y'all set up a charity for other ladies going through what you going through, I'll commit to a monthly donation! You wear your crown!!!
Love you bec!
A littttttttle disappointed big E didn’t shave his head with her
The real source of her stress is not so much the chemotherapy but rather her abject narcissism.
Cher Eamon et Bec,  Je vous suis sur Youtube depuis... Je ne sais même pas dire. J'ai adoré vos aventure en van, j'ai pleuré avec vous pour Lee, et suis restée bouche bée devant ce que vous avez réussi à votre de votre "cabin in the woods".  Bec, tu as de la chance d'être tellement entourée et soutenue par ta famille, Eamon (the magic ingredient !). Ce n'est qu'un cancer, une étape dans ta vie qui ne te défini pas. Une fois que tout ceci sera derrière toi, tu pourra être tellement fière de toi. Tes cheveux repousserons encore plus longs qu'avant et plus beaux encore. Courage pour les mois qui arrivent, aies confiance en toi et ça tout va bien se passer.  Sending goods vibes from France ! ❤
Thanks for sharing, Remember you are going to get through this!!!
you are the most beautiful person i have ever seen with or without hair and you are such an inspiring person you are so beautiful also u should do like wig try on i feel like that would be so cool
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out <3 thank you for sharing I love to see both of your smiles :)
I love your short do even better than your long hair, but your shaved/bald hair do makes you look so sophisticated! As the video was playing when you were getting your hair shaved, I thought that now you should get that mole looked at and it is the perfect chance to get it removed! Glad that you did! I'm also happy to hear that Amiee is supporting you on this journey. She, if anyone knows what you are going through. You also have seen that Kara supported you in solidarity by cutting her hair too! I think that she looks much better with her shorter do! You are absolutely stunning bald and you must know by now that you are much more than your hair or even your beauty! Understand that all that most of us assign as beauty, goes away as you age anyway. Our beauty is measured not by what we see on the outside, but what can be measured on the inside by what we do and say! High praises for Eamon! He never complains or criticizes. He is always supportive and he even cooks and cleans! He is you perfect, beautiful match and mate! Good to see that you two continue to take care of your selves, especially now. It will make healing, physically, mentally and spiritually, easier and faster to get back to your energetic, positive lifestyle again! Love and prayers to you, Bec and Eamon and all of your family and friends that we occasionally see, (Oso)but I know are off camera! You have so much support! (Lee's sweater! Lol)  Say, "Hi" to Nate and Kara when they get there! Good to hear that they are coming some time later than they had planned, but they support you both! Nate tested positive for covid!
I have no words, just love.🙏✨💛✨☀️✨
Oh my gosh Bec, that bob was so you, it looks so gorgeous. You are a powerful and amazing woman, we all stand behind you <3 <3 <3  Edit: Okay I just made it to the part where you shaved your head, WOW!!!! GORGEOUS HELLO!!! Look at you <3
This journey has been so heavy to watch but you guys have been so strong through out!! Sending you guys my prayers!
You got this, Bec! <3
We love you
This is incredible. Thank you for sharing.
You look amazing either way. I Kind of miss being bold, it feels so cool especially in the shower.
I’m a new subscriber. My heart,  in a respectful way breaks for you.   I hope … I’m not sure what to hope for you except health but I want more for you.   I grew up in Halifax. I live in the United States now.  Your channel is amazing. Ugh:(
You are awesome absolutely awesome
You are such a Rockstar bec!
You look great.  Your hair was hiding your beautiful face.
Thank you so much for sharing your journey. I cried right along with you. The love that the two of you share is amazing. (And I agree - you look beautiful)
Bec! You’re stunning. Your strength is amazing, keep shining like the rockstar that you are. I couldn’t forget about Eamon. Hang in there buddy, you are so amazing, strong and let’s not forget hilarious. You guys have truly helped me to overcome my depression over the years. We are all here for you guys ❤️😍❤️
Bec you are a wonderful and strong.  A true inspiration with this journey.   Eamon hats off to you because you are there for Becs 1million percent & upwards.  I didn't have to shave with my chemotherapy, yet watching you, I kinda wish I had shaved it tbh as my hair thinned out and came out brushing & washing.  So love you to both & godbless.  Namaste 🙏🌾🌴♥️🐾😁
I would look so terrible bald lol Bec you look so stunning with a shaved head. Edgy, badass, sleek and sexy. I know this is way too much for you and Eamon, but you two are really pushing through and trying so hard everyday. We all see you and we are all here for you cheering you on from the sidelines.
I Love you both! I have included you both in my dairy prayers.. 🙏 Your wig should be called..SHE BE BANGEN!!
So freaking deserving at one million. Y’all are the bomb
Bec my hair has held me back so so much from even starting my chemo treatment. I know its so shallow on my part but my hair is a big part of my identity, You have helped me so much you and Eamon are such beautiful people.
even without Hair you look awesome !!!!!!!, all the best wishes from Germany 👍
Bec, youre so beautiful, hair no hair, the thing is bec the most beautiful thing about you is your honesty and bravery. You are such a gorgeous soul and you doing your best! Also shoutout Eamon, you are truly an amazing soulmate.
You are incredibly beautiful and had my tearing up just from the intro. Love you thank you
Oh you are so strong and beautiful! It is so hard for a woman to lose her hair. But your new look looks good 👍🏻. I love how supportive Eamon is too.
its not what's on the outside, its what's on the inside that matters most.   I absolutely adore you 2 kids.     Sending you much love, strength and positivity.   Both of you stay strong !!!  xxx
Still gorgeous, and really rocking the Sinead O'connor look.
❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️
You are beautiful with and without hair, inside and out. Keep well xx
I don't know you, but I love you! I'm crying with you. Your beautiful with or without hair.
I found you two through Kara and Nate. My cousin had breast cancer and she went through everything you are going through. She owned a beauty Shop and did the same thing you did by cutting off her hair and making wigs. She had 3 daughters who all cut off their hair too for wigs. Bec, the support from Eamon is pure love! I’m new, I’m 68 and I have MS and am in a wheelchair. I want you to know I believe in Jesus and believe in the power of prayer. I’m praying for you both. In the Bible, God created them male and female. He took the woman from the man to be his helpmate. When God made Adam he breathed life into him. When God pulled Eve from Adam he didn’t have to breath life into her because he took her directly from Adam. I said all that to say your videos after finding out about Bec’s cancer show that kind of pure love that God intended and the two of you are one! It’s a beautiful thing💞💞 and I look forward to the next video. This grandma is praying for you!!
I love you both so much! Your courage and love for each other shine through on every video! Bec, you are beautiful inside and out! What an amazing journey y’all have been on! Thank you for taking us with you! ❤️
Bec you are my hero, I cant resist myself from crying when I watch these videos. You both have impacted my life so greatly just by posting videos and sharing your journey of life. Thank you for showing us your vulnerability, I know you can get through this and kick cancers butt.
Sending positive thoughts! You both are so beautiful! Thanks for continuing to share this journey. YOu are so appreciated. See you next time.
Eamon , you are doing a great job. You are a great person and a great nurse  It's not easy to watch and be a caregiver too. So you go Eamon. You Rock. Your so attentive and have alot of love to give. You are as loving a spouse as you are a master creator. And your energy is awesome. I mean it bud"
This was so powerful to watch. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing this experience with us. I am learning a lot and I am blown away by the strength in both of you. Bec you are absolutely STUNNING. Everything looks amazing on you. You are such a light. <3
You look so Berlin now Bec 😉❤️‍🔥
Thank you so much for being so brave and sharing your journey with us! I’ve got to say you look SOOOO SO cool with short hair! You are so beautiful! ✨
I struggle with hair loss due to a medication I’m on, and I totally relate to the moment of needing a shower but not wanting to face the extra loss.   Also, thank you for just being so authentic and open with your journey. My husband had cancer before we met, and I feel like this series is giving me a small glimpse of the emotions he went through. I appreciate it so much.   You are so beautiful inside and out!! ❤️
You are beautiful Bec!
last comment. Bec you look totally rad. you do. you are very beautiful without the wig. and what a cool wig. wow. sending a warm hug filled with pure love. ♥♥♥
Thank you for sharing your journey. I didn’t have support when I lost a lot of my hair during cancer and then chemo for a different disease. You sharing your journey heals other love, you make a difference by sharing your truth
You’re so cute and beautiful bald/with a shaved head! You rock it so well and embrace it. 💕 Sending you so so much love!
I pray for you every day and you look fierce!
Sweet Bec....you truly do look beautiful 😍❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so freakin awesome. You are a beautiful bad ass. Keep rocking on and Kick Cancers Ass!!!
Amazing, strong, beautiful, kind.
I was feeling every single emotion with you watching this video. You made it through a very emotional part of this journey and you are stronger, beautiful and more resilient for it. Like Eamon said you don't need hair for love. Sending you so much love <3
You Is Kind, You Is Smart, You Is Important...and also you are strong, you are brave you are beautiful...sending good vibes!
This was the hardest part for me also during my treatment for bone cancer. As women, it is just something we are attached to as being part of our identity. And yes, I agree with the “being identified as someone who is sick” part. I was a teenager, so it was especially hard at that time. It grows back SO fast though! You are stunning with and without hair. Your personality makes you even more stunning. Stay strong, stay brave. Always thinking of you!
Very cool you are able to use your own hair, and even Eamon's too for a wig.  Thanks for continuing to share this journey.  Keep smiling!! and Keep Oso from falling off the bed.  LOL  Sorry Oso..I know that wasn't funny....sorta funny.
Bec, You are absolutely gorgeous!!  You are an inspiration to many.  I’m almost 65 and a breast cancer survivor.  You’re amazing!  Eamon, you are also amazing!  Love and prayers! Rhonda
❤️❤️
Bec, you truly are STUNNING, even bald. Be gentle with yourself, take all the time you need to grieve the loss of hair, don't worry about anyone else's  time table for "how long it should take."  You are gonna get through this, and will come out stronger from the process. This is a marathon you're in, not a sprint, so rest all you possibly can. You are a WINNER!!!!!  I am a breast cancer survivor with NO support system, and if I could do it, a healthy, magnificent woman like you can do it too, no questions asked.
Bec you're Beautiful inside and out. ❤
You all have such a strong relationship. I can only echo the words of everyone else here. I admire how strong both of you are, particularly Bec, I love your positive outlook on life, and I admire how strong you are for letting us watch your journey of yours relatively unfiltered.
I absolutely love your new look. It highlights your pretty features. Lots of love ❤️
The G.I. Jane look, looks very good on you... you're beautiful, brave & strong.
I knew I loved you both but I fall more in love with you every time I tune in.  Eamon…you are a super boyfriend, supportive, helpful, comforting, funny, loving..the whole package.  Bec, you ARE beautiful inside and out and you look so bloody beautiful with long hair, bob, bald…I find I am quite jealous 🤣 You are so inspiring. I wish you the absolute world of strength, love and healing all the way from Australia.
Girl you look like a high end fashion model. Sending healing love ❤️
You are just beautiful Bec! You can pull off any look. I admire the strength that you have, and I know that you’ll get through this! Eamon, you are an amazing spouse and I know that you are going through just as many emotions as Bec. The fact that you have stuck by her side and made her feel like the beautiful queen she is is absolutely amazing. Thank you guys for keeping us updated. I absolutely love y’all!
Your lady head could be Sinead... or the convoluted reference to Marie (Antoinette)- our name for our headless dressmaker’s dummy.   Sinead O’Connor was beautiful without hair, but not as beautiful as you. You have sparkling eyes and a beautiful smile  that you can call up with a moment’s happy memory... those are more important than hair.
You look younger!
Your gorgeous with no hair! My eldest daughter shaved her head freshman year of high school and is never going back- it's been 5 years now and she looks so cool like you!
Chemo-tears.
You do look great bald girl! And those caps are fab
🏆Bec you are so strong and positive ….. such an emotional video thank you for inspiring others. Hugs and 🙏🏻.
Beck You’re a brave soul,  sending love & prayers..💯🙏😇❤️🔥🥰😘
You’re my favourites! 💗 Love and strength to you both xxx
Sending yôi so much LOVE ❤️ Yôi look beautiful. Liké Demi Moore in G.I. Jane 😊❤️❤️
YOU! So freaking beautiful inside and out ? You awesome Bec. 😍You got this girl. Eamon thank you❤ for take care of our girl so well 🥰 You guy's are Awesome. Thank you for shearing.... p.s. I think most of us have something similar on our body's. I have one on my stomach 🤷🏽‍♀️ no bikinis for me 😆 and I live on the beach
GOD CONTINUE TO BLESS YOU
You two are so strong together! Luv u guys 🙏🙏🙏
So stunningly beautiful 💜sending healing energy and love to you Bec
YOU LOOK ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLY AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL WITH NO HAIR OMG. Such a good look for you honestly, your beauty radiates in and out
You are absolutely beautiful! You two are such beautiful souls…sending you hugs
You are so beautiful! Love... Love... Love you!! 🌞🔥🌞🔥🌞
Bec you’re simply gorgeous and stunning praying for your healing
WOW I SO WISH I COULD AFFORD TO HAVE MY MOLE'S REMOVED!!! YOU ARE SO LUCKY IN THAT WAY.
Don't judge a package by the wrapping,  it's what is inside that counts.   You are a beautiful young lady.   You are strong.   Keep the positive energy.
It's really brave of you to share your journey. If I had to deal with all those emotional challenges, I'd be holed in a tipi somewhere.  Hair can be very beautiful of course, but true beauty is in who you are, not your appearance....hair is an accoutrement and  this situation is temporary, a good trade for the rest of your life. Your spirit and  zest for life will see you though.
Such a beauty.
This was my friend's struggle too. But it came back as beautiful as before.   And I'm not even surprised you are one of those fabulously boned women that can carry off a bald head as a style choice.
Is the long wig the one they made of yours and Eamon's hair?  I must have missed it being 'the one'.  I'm so proud of you both.
Not to many people can look amazing with a bald head, but you are certainly one of them
You are so courageous for sharing your journey with the world and I agree with Amon, you are absolutely gorgeous with no hair! Rock it girl 💕
you are B E A U T I F U L - and Eamon  you are the best!
I love the new cut!
You are beautiful and we will always be here for you!!!!! You are so strong! you got this
We love you BEC  I just watched Kara and Nate’s video and Kara is supporting you by cutting her hair I love you we all do
Gorgeous Bec 😍 love your new look!!!
Omg Bec! You're rocking the new cut! I've never seen someone rock a haircut so well! ❤
Dear Bec, my daughter was diagnosed with breast-cancer 3 month ago, in the 38 week of her pregnancy. In three weeks time she started therapy. Here in Israel you are offered to use a “ice” helmet, which may or may not help, in the case of my daughter it helped, she still has her hair, and she is after her 5 treatment, one more to go. She has two small boys, and one little baby girl. All by all, they try to live their life’s as normally as they can, and every one around them is helping, lots of positive thoughts and things to do. The treatments were not as bad, not everyone is going to this the same way, but as I look to her, and I see your smiling face, I think that this is the best way to go for it.  Learn from people who have gone this path,  look for their support. Wish you all the best, but more then anything, wishing you all the health in the world, all the rest will come by itself.
Big thanks to Eamon for the genuine empathy and care.
You guys are amazing! Sending you ALL the love and good vibes!!! Bec, you’re absolutely beautiful! I relate as a woman with long dark hair. It’s part of my identity but I’m learning by watching you and your strength with embracing your hair loss journey that there are things that are so much more important. Also, you’re lovely with and without hair!
💛
Bec, bald is beautiful! You are a QUEEN 👑  Eamon you are a great support. I am sending love and prayers to you both. 💕
Bec your strength enspires me. And your beautiful no matter what!
You are rocking bald!  Now my bumpy head would look awful without hair but you have a nice shaped head for bald.  YOU GO GIRL! Sending love. ❤
Thanks for sharing your journey and showing your strength.
Love the short hair.  Makes your eyes seem bigger.  When a friend of mine had breast cancer, I suggested a hair shaving party and told her I would be willing to shave my head as well.  She declined but I always thought it would be something I would do.  It would be something I could control instead of the disease.  Love the pot for the plant.
Goddess, Bec!  And Eamon, you are the epitome of love.
You are so beautiful Bec!
You are so touching and inspiring with your story and the love that you share... You are beautiful Bec, and so brave... I wish you to heal and continue to enjoy life, that I am sure you do! Love for you both!
Can feel allllll the love in this video! You guys crush everything in your path. Bec you look stunning without hair! keep being you guys 🤟
Beauty truly does come from within and you're a beautiful soul inside and out! Sending you positive vibes.  Love to all!
The video started with Tears rolling down my face. But ended with smiles and laughter. Watching and following as always as you both speak to my soul. Love to you both.
Bec you’re a beautiful warrior sister!  I got all the feels on this one!  I remember the day i shaved my head too…it was surreal, emotional but in the end empowering!  I too thought people would stare and that i wouldn’t leave the house without my wigs but very quickly said “who cares” and just rocked the baldness!  Your hair WILL come back so just enjoy this time of no shampoo or brushing, have fun with the grown in period experiencing all the new lengths and styles and keep a beanie or wig close because it chilly being bald!  Much love and light to you and Eamon.
Rooting and praying for you, Bec. I’ve watched you two for years and I’ll continue to watch through your journey.
Bec you are so beautiful inside and out and that hair cut is soooo cute on you.  Bec you and Eamon have the best attitudes and definitely belong together.  I love you both for all your stories and journeys.  The best to you Bec.  I have my own things that I am going through but you keep me in check and to always look for the brighter side of things,  Love you both, take care.  WinnStarr
A cancer warrior.  You are wonderful and you can do this xx
Stay strong we all with you inchaalah  you will fine
You are very courageous Bec! Eamon is a fantastic support system.
❤️♥️💕💕♥️❤️💖💞💘🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
You are glowing 💕
I feel so privileged to be able to watch your experience. You two are the most amazing people and i know you’re are helping so many by watching you both. Bec you are stunning with or without your hair!❤️
BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!
Yes... YOU are beautiful... inside and out... hair or bald.
Looking amazing as always, stay strong, both of you two. So lucky you have each other, nothing’s gonna stop you guys. Sending much love!
Oh Bec ❤️ You’re still so beautiful!!!!! Many prayers and much love your way 🤟
Bec you LOOK AMAZING.. 💚💚💚 your hair doesn't define your beauty..your beauty comes from the inside..and you're beautiful inside and out,sending so much💚💚💚 from cape town..
Eamon in the last couple seconds of the video 😅👌
Watching you guys tough this out was so moving, keep those smiles and that good energy up👊🏽praying for you both 💜
God bless you sweet girl....I have been praying for you both...you are a beautiful lil soul .....souls don't need hair!
What an extraordinary journey you are going through, and I am so grateful that you are allowing us, your viewers, to share this journey with you!  Bec, you and Eamon have such a strength of character that I feel is magnificent!  And what a testament to the natural beauty that you are, Bec, that you can rock long hair, a short bob and even a shaved look. You are stunningly beautiful!  Watching you and Eamon as a couple going through this challenge that is before you shows what a strong bond the two of you have. You guys are rock solid and you are going to win this battle, there is no doubt about it!  By the way, I am so in love with Osso. Bear!  He is so sweet and loving. I’m sure he’s giving you guys a lot of joy too!❤️❤️❤️
It actually looks good
You really do look great bald! Not everyone could pull that off but you look strong and super badass!
I cried with you when you shaved your head. And Bec! I have a huge dollar coin sized bald spot in the crown of my head from a mole removal when I was younger. Hair never grew back there. We call it my lucky button and I use to tell kids to put their thumb on it to “activate my brain” LMAO I was a weird kid…
Well wishes and healing vibes for you bec. Eamon you are a amazing human doing all you have done. stay strong both of you.
Thank you both for being vulnerable and sharing your life with us. Praying for both of you for peace and healing.
You look absolutely beautiful 🤩
Much love to you too Eamon ❤️❤️❤️ you’re a wonderful partner and an amazing person
Oops! Communication Is key very important ✝️🛐🕊 Ana Lisa 🔆☘️💕hugs 🤗catch
Bec, your shaved head puts way more emphasis on your beautiful face, I had no idea your were that beautiful until you shaved your head, you're like a model.
You are beautiful Bec. And everything is going to be OK 💗
Was great that you shaved, because pass your hand on your hair and watch it fall gradually is torturous. I've had a rare disease called Stevens Johnson syndrome, and because of my treatment I'm in the process of losing all my hair and nails, and I understand what you say about our hair having a little bit of our identity in it. You look beautiful good luck💙🌻🌻🌻
I wish you your best journey. Please be always your own advocate. Please. I have a bigger story but not now. With all my prayers hun. Be a warrior.
You really look great without hair and I am an older subscriber . Seriously after you heal you could totally keep that style 🎉 …your face and eyes shine so much brighter your inner beauty is powerful you seriously never needed your hair. Sending you guys lots of love from Decatur Il ❤️
Brave beautiful baby girl! Love to Eamon too!  Caregiving is sometimes rewarding and sometimes is a lot!
Hope you both are doing as well as can be. Thank you for sharing your journey
Thinking of both of you during this time. Eamon has been such an amazing support for Bec during this time. I know it’s hard on Bec, but it has to be pretty hard on Eamon as well. I wish nothing but the best for you both!
You look so beautiful! I have been rocking a shaved head for a few years. although it was my choice and my hair was not taken from me I still feel really strong. I actually feel more beautiful because I feel like I’m not relying on hair to make me beautiful and it has actually made me more confident. I love wearing big beautiful earrings and fun accessories. You will find things that make you feel good.
I’m so sorry you have to go through this. You are so strong and beyond beautiful inside and out. Sending all the love, prayers and good vibes your way.
Gorgeous in every way Bec, I’m a new watcher and subscriber and you haven’t changed a day since you guy started
You are so beautiful! In and out! HAHAHA I wrote that at the beginning and that is how you ended! You are so Beautiful, you really radiate! And Oso, what a love! And Eamon, Eamon!!!! Way to carry the ball, I admire how much you have stepped up! All 3 of you, truly amazing. I love how you brought Lee in as well, I am sure, with no doubt, she is with you, all the way. Love and hugs, OmaVic
Bec, you are absolutely gorgeous!!!
I agree…..you’re beautiful both bald and with your wig. ❤️ and prayers
You, Miss Rebecca, have one beautiful head
So many congratulations on 1 Million! That’s quite an achievement! Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. 💗 In 2016 I shaved my head on purpose for deeply personal reasons. It’s the second time I’ve done it. It’s an empowering feeling to face the public without hair— we are taught as women it’s what makes us beautiful, but that’s not true. I’m sorry that you are living with cancer right now, but I’m very happy you got to feel the empowerment that comes from rocking the no hair look (on the days you feel like it! Nothing wrong with wraps and wigs, either!). Continued best wishes in healing! 💞
You are beautiful and your hair has nothing to do with it.  You’re just beautiful.
You are so beautiful 😍
Very brave, both of you!
We love you Bec, you are beutiful inside out :)
You look great in any hairstyle!!
You're so BEAUTIUL inside and out! Hair who lol? Love ya hun!💓💓💓
Oh geez I’m balling my eyes out. You’re beautiful Bec and brave and strong. Eamon is such an incredible partner for you. Hang in there girl, we’re by your side through this. 💕
My mom lost her hair also going through treatments for breast cancer. She was shocked how cold her head would get but wore cute hats. She loves not having to spend time doing her hair and says it feels so natural to just rub her fingers over her head! You are gorgeous but I’ve seen first hand how emotional this process can be. 💗
Bec, you are more than your hair. Plus, you can rock any style and still be beautiful.
You're stunning  Bec, no matter what!!! Lots of love and healing your way! 🥰💗
You rock any hairstyle. You are amazing person. Keep smiling 😃
You are doing amazing!💞💞💞
You are SO BRAVE to not only go through this but to film it and share it with the world.  I admire you so much and Eamon for how he supports you.  I am crying my eyes out here.  Please get cancer free soon you brave, sweet, adorable lady.
Bec, I completely agree with Eamon and tons of other people; you're beautiful regardless of hair - it just enhances your smile and glow. I had a girlfriend that decided to liberate herself from the whole hair routine; I told her (and completely meant it) that she looked so much better with her buzz cut. The lack of hair brought the focus to her face and to her. You don't need to hide your head - it looks great. :-) I can't help wondering how Eamon would look without any hair :-D Who knows?!
Bec you are so strong and courageous more than you may be aware of.  Just remember, this is just for now.  The cancer and treatment will be over very soon.  Love from a cancer survivor.
I been watching you guys since the beginning of your channel. And watching this I cried with you. 💕
You are one of those ladies who will look absolutely gorgeous bald - but it won't last - your hair will grow back, be prepared for temp changes. My sister's hair grew back curly & red, but then it went back to 'normal'. I hope you are feeling strong really soon!
Your Beautiful ❤️
you are an absolute superstar, i'm sending you the biggest hug ever <3
Bec & Eamon you are amazing. Keep on shining inside and out.
Bec, your vulnerability in this was so moving it brought me to tears several times.  You are so incredibly inspiring and empowering. When Eamon said being bald and wearing wigs was a super power that brought the biggest smile to my face.  You both are so wonderful.
Hazel
You may be encouraged by a book called “no cure for being human” by fellow Canadian Kate Bowler.
You look fantastic anyway keep up with good fight girl !!! Big hug from Italy !!D.
Con mi Hija Agos te enviamos desde Argentina un beso enorme y una pronta recuperación! Fuerzas Amiga Virtual!
I've been sick with chronic illness for a very long time. I know people do it with the very best intentions, but any sick person needs the right to be sad for loosing health, it is quite a death. Just give us oxygen and respect. Let us be sad because it is sad and so many things else. Being sick is a journey, don't try to convince us of anything, just be a companion on a very difficult road.
We are all insecure about our own personal image 😞 but you are sharing the most brutal moments of this chemotherapy journey with the world. That is a vulnerable place. I’ve always followed your content so I know your journey. I’m routing for your Health & Wellness. Alway Love to you both✌️✌️✌️❤️❤️❤️💫💫💫💫🌸🍀🍀🍀💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💃🏻💃🏻
Iam one of your Moroccan followers, I pray for you to heal quickly..keep going both of you are doing great..as for hair, the wig is a good option till you heal and have wonderful natural hair..be strong
Sending love to Bec and Eamon and everyone who is sending love to them as well.  I am almost getting a high from all the good love vibes!  Maybe LOVE is the 'vibe shift' they speak of.  :)
you look so badass with your head shaved, not even joking
I've never had cancer but aging has taken a toll on the thickness of my hair [all over] in a major way and it won't ever grow back. Plus I have wrinkles now --so hate looking in the mirror. You're so beautiful [and  young] . All will grow back after you conquer cancer. Your wig[s] with your own hair will be great. Hang in there-you're doing great. .
You are brave, Bec!  Thank heavens for your very supportive partner and family.  🙏🙏
Team bec god bless u so beautiful and everyone luvs u 💪💪💪💪💪
bec your so damn beautiful and pretty no matter what . love the new style don't worry i know it's hard but i'm a 1000 percent sure that all of these tough times will turn into memories that made you stronger . sending you both lotzzzzzzz of love and eamon your the best  bec I'm serious you are beautiful with and without hair love you ❤❤❤❤
My name is lisa from wales 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿  Bec I just wanted to tell you , you are beautiful and you look like gi Jane 💕 you are going to smash this and be stronger than ever xx Eamon keep looking after your girl you are the perfect couple xx
So much love to you both!! Bec you are truly so beautiful inside and out. You’ve got this 💖
I love you Bec! You are an inspiration! I love watching your journey & I’m sending all the love your way!
If I were you I would keep my head shaved.  You are truly lovely.
Bec, you are one of those people that are so physically beautiful that they can rock any and all hairstyles. You look absolutely radiant bald. But I also know that even if that weren’t true, you are so emotionally, spiritually, internally beautiful that you exude that beauty all day, every day. Thank you for taking us on this very personal journey with you. It matters and it’s so important that you are being so real about it  for us all to learn and grow. We love you and Eamon so much!
My beautiful and strong bec…you look amazing !!!   I pray for you before i go to sleep every night, and hold you and eamon in heart daily..You  are both  great people who help each other.  Stay strong my little bad ass warrior.  If there is anything I can do for either of you please just let me know.  Sending much love and daily prayers !!!
You are beautiful with and without hair. You are my hero!
stunning
Bec, your beauty overcomes the hair thing. You're beautiful.💕
Bec Definitely wore it better!!!  Have had 3 family members with cancer some multiple and never really knew what they went through before this as they kept it hidden....thank you for sharing.  Hopes and dreams for you and Eamon and I know you will get through this stronger.
❤️❤️❤️
“I wore it because it’s Lee’s sweater and I wanted it to feel strong” 💕.
Ramon is the best! Stay strong!
You’re the most beautiful bald woman in and out I’ve ever seen!  You go girl!
So beautiful, so strong, an example for all of us xoxoxoxox
You’re in my prayers. God Bless. Eamon you are a solid guy for you’re woman.
Bec you look beautiful you look like a boss ji Jane. Hair doesn't define beauty you define beauty.
You guys are amazing and I'm so glad I get to be here with you guys sending love and prayers and puppy snuggles too!
You ARE beautiful hair does not define you never has. You are fabulous
You two are something special.
Bec, I am bald and loving it as well. But my hair is now coming back in white. Which I absolutely love.  I wish I could send you a photo.  Love to you sweet lady. God bless you. Stay strong beautiful  warrior!
God bless, Bec. You are beautiful ❤️
Why dose Osao  have a cone on?
What beautiful souls. This is why I subscribed. Keep on shining. More love.
Bec, you got this.  You guys are so supported of each other and I love it. ❤️. Keep moving forward. You are beautiful without your hair.
You’re so lucky that you have a good head shape, your ears don’t stick out, your profile is beautiful, your face is beautiful, your teeth are good, etc….That’s how I see it. You look beautiful no matter what’s on your head. It would be worse if all that wasn’t so. 😌
Stopping vlog: The Bob is so cute on you, Bec. You're not alone when it comes to women being attached to their hair. I think a lot of us are.  Bec, you have a great sized head for shaving.  Perfectly round.  Honestly, you are rockin' it and can pull it off.  You have a wonderful partner, so supportive and funny.  You got this.  The turban is perfecto!!  I couldn't pull a turban off at all.  Long head here...I really like the baseball cap with hair.  With all that said, you're great with a simple shaved head. 💛
♥
Becca my cousin went through the same thing your going through last year and after all the Chemo and radiation, it's been 6months and her hair has started growing back and it's going to be just as beautiful and long as it was before. Hang in there darlin, your lushess locks will return. Your a strong vibrant, energetic beautiful young woman and I'm praying for you and your recovery..love to you both..❤️❤️❤️❤️
Because you have been in my prayers. I wanted to quickly tell you my story.  I don't have nor have I ever had cancer but I have been on chemotherapy for my auto immune disease.  I have MS. I honestly never knew that chemotherapy was used for more than just killing cancer cells. But it can also be used to treat MS my killing the cells (TCells) that have been damaged by the MS and then I would regrow healthy cells. And hopefully restoring some of the function I have lost due to the disease. Long story short I had to go on chemotherapy for 5 days year one and 3 days  year 2. Along with high doses of IV steroids.  Each year I lost my hair. The first year I shaved my head after losing clumps of hair down the drain of my shower.  It was devastating.  And I felt just like you, it's a marker that your sick. And for the most part throughout my MS journey I have never looked sick. Because I have a disease where it only shows on the inside.  And not on the outside.  People think I'm exaggerating because I don't "look" sick. Never stopping to think that on the inside I was a complete mess. Let them live one week in my body and then come and tell me how I'm exaggerating.   But this is not about that. I want you to know you're beautiful.  Your beauty is not defined by your hair. Hair grows back. Your beauty comes from inside of you. It oozes out of every pour. It's in your smile and in your kindness.  I have never looked at you once and thought oh her hair makes her beautiful.  I didn't even notice ur hair because you shine so brightly as a whole. While losing ur hair is devastating.  It was so very hard for me the first time. Because it really made people look at me with that pity look.  And for awhile that really bothered me. But then I found this strength I didn't know I had. My bald head showed that I'm strong and I'm surviving everything this disease is throwing at me. It shows that I can handle everything with grace and a strong belief in God. I have a wonderful support system who love me at my best and absolutely at my worst.  And I wore my bald head like a badge of honor.  I held my head higher and dared anyone to pity me. So please don't let urself fall into the notion that ur beauty is defined by the hair on ur head. Your crown is so much more bright and beautiful. Your hair was just an ornament.    The second year of my treatment I lost my hair again. All the hair I re grew from the previous year.  But it no longer made me sad. I pulled out the shaver and this time I shaved my own head with a smile on my face.  Because I knew without a doubt that nothing was going to break my spirit ever again.  I wasn't going to be defined by my outward beauty.  But by the beauty that came busting through the top of my bald head. I may not have cancer. But I still understand your  journey.  And I am always going to pray for your healing Bec. Please know that you have a HUGE support system out here pulling for you every day. Love you girl!!!!!Hold ur head up high.   PS... I still wore wigs on the days I was feeling less strong. In fact I am wearing one of those wigs in my picture here on YT. But it was a choice for that moment.  Other days I went out with my fuzzy bald head. My husband named my wigs and would ask me who am I going to be today because he was hoping for Candy. And then I grabbed the wig we called Candy and went out with smiles on our faces.
Bec, I have a mole on my head too and I'm super sensitive about it.  You look amazing bald!! Your head is perfectly shaped.
Bec is so beautiful inside and out. She rocks any hairstyle 😍
You are so brave and beautiful.. how amazing to share this with others. 🥰
I agree with E, you look amazing! I also know personally that these things don’t always allow you to hear and feel exactly what you want to all the time *hugs* I’m so glad to hear that you know it’s ok to have your duvet days and let it all out 🥺💕🥰  Also I know it’s winter but put some sunscreen on your head!! Take good care of our Bec 💕 that’s for you too E but I don’t think we need to tell you that! (Also caregiver fatigue is real so also be kind to yourself)
You both are so beautiful!  Congrats on reaching 1 mill.
Now is the time to rock some major earrings.
I know... my hair is me! I know how you feel, but you .are. beautiful! Hang in there!
I was the one to shave my moms head when she was going thru breast cancer. I went to wig apointments with her and we just bonded. Also defenetly get some crazy wigs if you can. Mom loves her crazy ladies. Mom later said that it was the best part. It was hard for her too but at the end she felt free. Also now after a year she has the most beatiful grey hair. It's honestly stunning. I admit I cried most of this video. I felt those memories and also your grief but you do look really gorgeous. Eamon I have all the empathy for you as well because it's not easy. As someone who had to stand by and just support, remember to take care of yourself too. Thank you again for sharing.
Thank you for sharing your journey!! You are a beautiful inspiration!
Beautiful couple you got this...you are both so blessed to have eachother,  just remember Bec you are so beautiful too ! I'm with you both on this journey... Sending loving warm virtual hugs to you both from an Australian 🇭🇲 in Italy 🇮🇹 Ciao Bella ❤️😘❤️😘✌️ THANKS for sharing with your YT family ❤️ XX
I was waiting for Eamon to shave his head in solidarity! Once again I cried and smiled through your video. You are so brave and beautiful, Bec. ❤️
Here's to another million. Isn't it fabulous that you have the strength of will to share your health story. Thousands of humans will gain strength from your strength and positive vibes 💪💪💪💪💪
You're gorgeous you can pull out any hairstyle! I know how you feel about your hair I can relate but you have a nice shaped head a beautiful face if anybody looks good bald you do and I think you should embrace it!  I sure you have by now but watching this video I just feel for you!  Eamon is right you look gorgeous!
Bec, you are beautiful without your hair.  There is a light shining off your face.  God protect you and keep you strong. Eamon, think you need to have a haircut so that you both look RAD as you put it. 😋😋
When you smile that's what's shines and radiates through  the screen.
Bec you are beautiful ❤️ you are strong in your tears and strong in your battle. Eamon you are her strength, her smile and laughter.  Love you both and praying for you both 😊
Dear human that's reading this, we may not know each others but I wish you all the best in life!✨
Bec, you are so brave to share this journey with all of us. Eamon your a rock star with all of it. Bec, You are absolutly gorgous with no hair. Look at all your options for cute new looks. Your wig from your hair is stunning. Hang in there and know how much you are loved <3
Bec, you are courageously beautiful.  Thank you for opening your journey to the world.  Removing the estigma and starting conversation is where we need to begin to create a more harmonious and accepting society.  You have provided the world just with that, a place to see others perspective and narratives.   Sending love and healing your way! You rock 💪🏽💪🏽
You two are amazing and beautiful! Sending love and positive, healing vibes from Texas, and congrats on the 1 Mill!!! Y'all deserve 100 million :)
❤️❤️❤️
Bec, bald or with long hair you ROCK!!  Praying for you!
Your the most beautiful woman I've seen with a shaved head Bec. I've watched boatloads of videos of women shaving their head and you are so beautiful. This isn't coming from a place of sympathy, but of mere observation and you are perfectly imperfect♡
Love you guys so much. If you name the wig, i was struck with "Hope".
Cute hair cut. You are beautiful
I’m so sorry you are going threw this. I can relate to you, I got diagnosed with Ovarian cancer stage 3 seven years ago. I had to have chemo and also lost my hair 💔 it’s the most difficult part of the is processes. I was told by someone that this journey will be just a bad dream. 7 years later cancer free. You are a strong women and you got this!!! Fight Fight 💪🏽 💜
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you have such a beautiful face, having no hair just highlights how beautiful you are. :}
Also, remember this:  Cancer ain't nothin' but a little BITCH...and the both of you are strong enough to defeat little bitches.  Now get out there and prove me right!  <3 <3 <3
I forgot to mention that you are beautiful bauld bec. And im not just saying that. Its true.
Please WATCH  Fantastic Fungi on Netflix Turkey Tail treatment. Take care!!
Thank you guys for choosing to share this journey with us. It means so much.
You are amazing and I love you and the way you are coping with this forced journey. Blessings from Jerusalem 🙏🙌🙏
You are beautiful Bec with or without hair. You are so lucky to have each other it is so inspiring watching the 2 of you.
Shave your head with her.
you are amazing bec❤️ we love you so much
I’m so sorry! I need to say that was the hardest for me as well to lose my hair as well & my eyelashes not once but twice chemo was brutal but that didn’t scarce me cause of my faith in the one who created me my king Jesus I listen to only music that was up lifting & surround my self with positively & love with my doggies & the things that made happy as as a certified reflexologist listening to my body was cruel drink lots of coconut water & alovera water hydrogen is very important as well as your sleep your gonna be okay I will be praying for you daily prayer is free & very powerful in Jesus Name..again I’m so so sorry your gonna be okay just hand on to your love of your life you have his total support & do the same for him cause this is very hard on him seeing you go through this enjoy each other & talk a lot...commotion
You are both amazing and inspiring! Thank you for sharing your lives and journey💛
Y’all both are such an inspiration to everyone. Bec you are so publicly sharing you journey and Amon being by your side doing such special loving things for you. Love your channel and the honesty y’all are sharing. Stay strong both of y’all.
Thank you for showing us your ups and downs and keeping it real. You guys are beautiful inside and out.
Im in AWE of u Bec, UR HAVE GOT TO BE THE MOST EXTREMELY BEAUTIFULLY GORGEOUS!!!  I REALLY LOVE U BOTH!!!
I think this is the most real thing I've ever seen. I went through a time where I was losing my hair and it was so traumatic. Bec you are a WARRIOR. Thanks for sharing your journey. Eamon, you are a gem. Every woman should be lucky enough to have a partner as supportive as you.
We love you bec❤
Oh Bec. You look so beautiful. Stay strong. You are in my prayers. Eamon is a wonderful support system. Love his positive vibes. You can do it.
I Actually shaved my head almost bald about a couple weeks ago because of my medical issues. I had weight loss surgery and one of the side effects is losing your hair is well. so i wanted to start fresh and  my hair is also thick as well. So you are going to Rock The Short Hair Bec.. I love following your story and have since you and eamon were doing van life.. you two are inspirations especially you for vlogging during chemo.. stay strong Bec..
Bec, you are always pretty no matter what! You are such a strong person. I love you guys 😘 Greetings from Germany 🤗
You two represent the best of Canada. All the best in this journey!
Prayers for you, Bec. You're beautiful!
💞💕❤️💗🌹
Bec, i think you look HOT short haired. Long haired as well.
I was crying 😢 so mush...it takes me back of my heart  sore...I am so so sorry...if you did not when true it ..you will not understand...it sucks the life out of u...I am from south Africa 🇿🇦
Thank you for sharing your journey.  Eamon is such a cheerleader 💓 He is so positive w love ❤️ Wishing and praying for your speedy healing.
Thankyou !!!!  Love felt, Love sent back. So real and honest Bec. You never know how strong you are until you have to be. Thanks for sharing. M.
I love you guys so much
You’re as beautiful as always, Bec.  Good thoughts, hugs and prayers coming your way😊❤️
:: Mumbling to self to let this play on this comp even watched from hubbies tv :::  Girl. You are so...strong. let me tell you, we have cancer throughout our family, genetics? Who knows, its the gods will...I've seen this dealt with in almost every way possible. And I'm telling you...you are strong. And I might add quite lovely without a "mop". Start looking up some of the wig girls on youtube, man..that's an amazing life of so many moods!! :::  hugs tight ::: the love filling that house is all you need baby girl. Chin up. You are NOT alone.
You look so great bold. Now I want to do it as well <3 I wish you all the best
Not even two minutes in and I see your picture and you look beautiful either way you’re rocking it!
Beautiful 🥰 love you
I love you guys!!! Been following you for about 3 years now without commenting.  But today I had to. Let me just tell you that when you are not there on Sundays…. I miss you. You bring me sunshine and joy . I lived 9 years in Ecuador and now back (and a bit stuck) in Canada since 2019… so following you on your adventure is giving me wings. Beck , you are absolutely beautiful inside and out!!! I send you love and light on your journey. thank you both for who you are and being so honest and true. Big hugs form Quebec.
Bec, I simply love how you show up in this process! Right back at ya girl, your beautiful inside and out! Eamon, your amazing in this Journee with Bec!  Much love to you both!💕
You are so strong and beautiful!! Love you from the bottom of my heart. Thank you for allowing us to be part of this journey with you 💖 Love from Calgary
You are the most beautiful person I have ever seen.  I was going to say met, but officially not met, but I do feel like I know you.  Your life is such an open book, and though I can only imagine how hard that is, I think it must be therapeutic as well.  My prayers for you and your family.
Bec- Eamon just helped reveal the beautiful warrior that was under all that hair.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful!!!😍🥰🥺🥺❤️❤️
Bec, you are truly gorgeous in every way! Eamon, you are an amazing partner! You've got this, guys! ❤
Constant positivity can be scary, especially when things are out of your control, so feel all the feels.
Thank you for continuing to share your journey. I will continue to send you so much love, good vibes and prayers.   You seriously look beautiful!   So much love to you both. ❤️🙏🏻
you are such a STRONG and POWERFUL woman! You truly look amazing with or without hair, your smile and personality are what makes you beautiful🌷  Sending so so much love❤
YOU LOOK ADOREBLE  BEC
You look awesome and beautiful no matter what.   Love you forever ❤️❤️❤️😻😻😻
You are so strong. You have an amazing support system. You will beat this. In my thoughts and prayers.
Maura name the wig Maura! From Schitt’s Creek! Maura rose! ❤️
Your a POWERHOUSE couple!!!!  You got this! You are both Loved! ❤️
Everyone needs an Eamon in their life ❤️ so supportive and right there in the trenches with you. Bec, you are an inspiration to all those who need to find their strength. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Bec, you are beautiful no matter what!
You’re so insanely pretty Bec, I’ve never looked up to someone so much. You are so inspiring, thank you for sharing your journey.
Eamon you are the sweetest in sooo many ways. ❤️❤️❤️
I just absolutely love you both!! YOU are so beautiful!! Inside and out 💕
Praying for healing and for your future babies.
Hang tight, the both of you.  You WILL get through this.  YOU WILL!  <3  Prayers going out to our awesome Lord to bless you and to keep you strong.  I love that you brought Lee with you on this journey; that kind of attitude is what will bring you through everything.
Go girl.....I’m with u all the way.....
OMG NOW I A CRYING TOO, I KNOW YOU CAN DO THIS I AM SO PROUD OF YOU. I HAD TO WATCH THIS HAPPEN TO MY MOM AND I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL AND I FEEL YOUR PAIN. LOVE YOU
YOU ARE SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!! shining bright like a sunflower! You are strong and unbelievably brave. So much love and light sending your way to the two of you !!!!    P.s. the house plants are killing it ! 💐
💗
It's unfortunate that I found you because of your cancer video, but I am so happy I did!! ❤❤❤
Eaton, what are you doing with that teenage girl with the cute haircut!!!!
Sending lots of love and prayers ❤
Oh my gosh you look gorgeous! A natural beauty ❤
Keep up your positivity!! This too shall pass 💕🇨🇦
Bec, you are in my prayers... God bless y'all
Bec, you are amazingly beautiful and STRONG!!! Sending you and Eamon so so much love ❤❤❤
❤️❤️❤️ You both are amazing.  Beautiful inside and out
I haven't even watched the whole video but pleeeease tell me you made a least one photoshoot with this hair style. It looks so cute on you Becks!! You look like Amelie Poulain. Please continue to pull this haircut off after your hair grows again 🤩
Thank you so much for including us in your lives during this difficult time.  I think it's incredibly selfless and inspiring; after all the years of van life and cabin life, you guys could've signed off and decided to go through this in private and absolutely no one would have blamed you for it.   Instead of thinking about how hard this would be on you, you both decided that it's more important to share your experience regardless of how much harder it will be to cope while also trying to create your content.   I greatly admire you both Eamon & Bec for everything you've done for each other and for your audience, keep up the great work you both are fabulous human beings & the world is a better place simply for having you both in it.
Ok Eaman time to shave yours.
Crying throughout this video. Thank you Bec for being a kind voice and showing as much emotion as possible. You are transmutting so much energy through this experience ♡ creating a safe space to just BE!
Aaaawwwwwwe nolie...you ROCK dat baldness! Sooo cuuute! Just wanted to say, (being a hairstylist of 35 years and want you to know) *everything you shared of feeling attached/identity and the mourning (and your wig journey) is SO spot on and intimate. You two did such a great job converuing and handling this, truly. Mahalo for sharing and keep it up-you two are sooooo lOved : )
You are so beautiful, with or without hair ❤️
I can’t imagine how hard that must be.  I totally agree with Eamon.  You truly are beautiful with and without hair.  Love from Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.
You are amazing and beautiful. You are!!
❤️❤️🙏
Holy crap!! You Really can pull off bald, like sexy wise, not even kidding!  Damn girl!  I love the idea of wigs but seriously go bald when you want to because it works!  You just have the perfect face for it. Some women can really pull it off beautifully and you do.  If you know me, you know that I don't blow smoke up people's ass, I'm dead ass honest or I don't say it.  You're such a beauty and when you smile your whole face lights up and I so love that about you!
I went through this with my mom and it never gets easier but you are handling this like a champ!!!!  You are indeed beautiful, hair or not!  Tears were in my eyes during the whole video, I feel like I am going through this with you. My thoughts am prayers are with you both. YOU GOT THIS!
Name of your first wig should definitely be Aimee!!
I honestly don’t think I’ve ever seen someone who looks this amazing with a shaved head. It compliments you so well bec! Your so beautiful!!
I just feel so honoured we got to be introduced to Third Brain. But more seriously, you both are just incredible.
Beca you are amazin, all muy love to you guys 🙋💕
Yes, I'm crying already. I've been through cancer, but I must say that plant with the pot that has glasses is special. You have the absolute best partner. I think that would have helped me, too. I'm so happy you both have each other! Seriously, love helps everything in life. Love heals.   You're beautiful, and it does grow back. I have a friend going through colon cancer, and she's still in chemo, but her hair is growing back. She's had a couple of major surgeries, and this has to be what seems like the 100th round of chemo. But she's doing so good. I pray for you both literally twice, if not more daily Bec and Eamon.
You’re a beautiful woman, with hair or without! And this experience will result in your being a kick ass survivor! Now— get to designing some “See you Sunday” slouches, head wraps and scull caps! 🧢 🧣💕
My dearest Bec you look so beautiful so much more power to you
I think it's Bec's turn to shave Eamon! Love you guys.
love you guys
You look like Sinéad O'Connor!! 😍
Also : false eyelashes are the new fun accessory.
If your head is sensitive at night try silk pillow cover my mom went through it and that seemed to have helped her at night
Bec, you are a stunning person inside and out, with it without hair. I have shaved my head before, and it was a tough process even when it WAS my choice. I can’t imagine what it was like for you with the choice taken away. Sending SO much love to you. You are a warrior. You were before this, and now your strength is more evident than ever.
Bec, your hair falling is a sign that the medicine is working for you.  You’re blessed with beautiful features and carry it so well.  Once you’re well is going to grow back thick and fast but the important thing is that the medicine is working ❤️ sending you blessings xxxx
Wow, I cried through this whole video and I hardly ever cry! It was so emotional. Thank you for sharing your journey, Bec. And congrats on 1mil!
Bec you look so good without hair and please love your self no matter what!!!!!1
You are so rocking no hair. I cried with you. My husband used a razor to do my hair after I lost it in the shower too
I cried the whole video. This sucks. It’s okay to admit it, but I love the shave. Your so strong and sharing your story helps so many people. Also I love the idea of ‘ duvet days’!!
For a name I think “liquid rainbow” or maybe “beauty sunshine” think only my thoughts what ever you chose will be amazing. Keep fighting and remember that you are a champion. I was 8 when my Nan got breast cancer and it has I didn’t understand it but now I’m older it hurts me that I wasn’t there for her as much as I should have been.  But will be here for others through their hard times and their liquid sunshine ☀️
You are an incredible human being Bec! ❤️
I know you wont read this, but I still just wanted to send you a hug.  There's love coming at you from England. xxx
Bec you are SO beautiful!!! You have such a bright smile, beautiful bone structure, and wonderful soul. Thank you for sharing this with us. That takes so much strength. You look amazing! Feel better!!
Well done on the subscribers x bec your beautiful love to you both xx
<3<3<3
Wow, I think this video could be helpful and encouraging to someone facing cancer and loss of hair. Y’all really show all the emotions of how it affects your identity. And Lee is still hugging you in her sweater! 🤗💛☀️💛🤗
your wig needs a sexy name like veronica or julianna. also you really do look beautiful bald. not everyone can pull it off, but you have a very nicely shaped head and great facial structure.
O Bec you beautiful soul. Your feelings are valid and real. You are allowed to feel every single emotion you did while shaving your hair. You are an inspiration to so many people who are also going through medical issues that they have no control over. Your worth is not determined by the hair on your head. You are smart, you are kind, you are beautiful, you are important. I love watching your vlogs every Sunday. Soooooo…….see you next Sunday. 😁❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Watching all the ads in the hopes that it will help (even just a little). Sending you all the love! It is a  beautiful thing to be a part of all your journeys.
You are so beautiful Bec, both inside and out! ❤️
I m crying with you and laughing with you, much much love from Norway. You will get through this and you are both wonderful people ❤️
Eamon and Bec, the most beautiful people on YouTube 💕💕💕 sending strength and love to you!
I know it's hard to believe this when people are going through a tough time and you feel like people are just saying nice things to make you feel better... but honestly Bec, holy shit. You look like an absolute beautiful bad ass! You are beautiful no matter what.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️consider that your hair could grow back better!!!
You look beautiful Bec🤗🤗  Rooting for you from 🇬🇭 You’ve got sunshine on a cloudy day🎶
You are AMAZING Bec!
Bec, you look SO BEAUTIFUL even without your hair! You rock it!! And I agree with Eamon, that wig looks very much like you! I don't think it looks like a wig. Thank you again for sharing your journey with us. You have so many people here who love you and are thinking of you and sending good energy your way! SO MUCH LOVE for the 2 of you!
You are so beautiful Bec. I love the different things you can do everyday to change the look. No matter what you do you are beautiful and so inspiring. Eamon you are the best support person. ❤️
Bec I cried with you, and I'm sending big hugs to both of you for being so brave. You two are just pure joy, and I thank you for sharing the journey ♥️❌⭕♥️
What an awesome team you make ♥️♥️♥️
Soooo proud of you guys thank you for being great
You must feel better now because I cried so much for you. This too will pass. You will survive
Beautiful Bec ❤❤❤❤❤
With no hair Bec your still very beautiful! You look so beautiful with the 50’s style hat on so chic sending love and hugs Love your natural own hair Wig how cool is that x
God bless darling girl.  This too shall pass. You are so pretty.  Love and hugs.
Bec, you are absolutely amazing ! Your bravery is truly inspirational for us all. Prayers for your whole family
Love love love you guys! You are rad and deserve all the support and love. You guys are beautiful inside and out ❤❤❤
This is so raw, and real and heartbreaking. Sending lots of love to you both. Thank you for showing us all this, and thank you for showing everyone what a real, strong, loving relationship really IS. Thank you for this. Thank you for everything.
i love you guys so much, bec your strength is so inspiring🤍
your soooo hot like demi moore in gi-jane....    badass babe    winks
You my Dear are beautiful with or without hair... unbelievable. Hair will grow back. Just know that you are Loved and we all are on your side wishing you the best. Such a very strong, awesome Woman.
Seeing you suffer breaks my heart. But if anyone can pull of a buzzcut, it's you! Your beauty comes from within, always has, you still shine brighter than the sun. Love you guys.
Love u guys
Beautiful! Absolutely beautiful! Bald or wigs! Your beauty inside and out, heart and humility is attractive and girl you’re rocking it! You are so blessed to have such a wonderful supportive partner in Eamon! His love and commitment to you admirable. Prayers up! Sending love and best wishes! You got this!🙏🏼❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️ and 🤗’s from your family in Texas!
Now the entire world knows for certain the wide variety of hairstyles that Bec can pull off. Including Natalie Portman from V for Vendetta
V 4 vendetta gi Jane they have nothing on you Bec, you are an inspiration !!
Eamon, shave yours and both of you grow it back together. Bec, what an inspiration. Your spirit shines!
WE LOVE YOU BEC!!! God I cried with you watching this. You are an absolutely GORGEOUS woman inside or not with or without hair!! Eamon you're the sweetest! We're all rooting for both of you!
You look so hot . We see your beautiful bone structure. You gorgeous always.Lady you are so special. We care and LOVE YOU
YOU GOTTA NAME THE WIGS AFTER THE OG, AIMEE FROM KINGING IT!  Wig Aimee #1, Aimee #2, Aimee #3…  Seriously Bec, with your beautiful features and fantastic figure, no worries - EVER.  You don’t know me, I’m very direct and blunt (people in my life have coulda done with a bit less of these traits), so believe me.  As always 👋to sweet Eamon of the dreamy eyes.
Also, respectfully*** Eamon u are blessed with an amazingly beautiful life partner, y’all are both so attractive it’s literally wild 😂
You look badass with a shaved head. Like you’re truly going to kick some ass, which is funny because I don’t associate you with kicking literal ass in my head. But you’re there now.
I am in awe of your openness and vulnerability in sharing this journey with the world. And the part that I can't stop dwelling on is how the universe (or whatever higher power someone may believe in) has been at play even when you didn't realize it. It wasn't that long ago that you guys were living the nomadic life. Then circumstances led you to buy this cabin. Thinking back to its condition when you bought it, and how much work you put into creating that magical healing space without realizing how important it would become just months later. You created a home filled with love and light just in time for when you would need it the most. I don't believe it was by accident.
YOU. GUYS. ARE. AWESOME.  I love every video more and more (even though the subject matter isn’t what I’d wish for you). And BEC. Lord girl, you gorgeous!!
You both make such an amazing team! Bec, you are so brave and absolutely beautiful! Sending all the love and healing light! <3
Oh man! This video was a roller coaster of emotions. Laughter, tears, love, fear, courage, strength. All the emotions. You are absolutely beautiful and rocking that shaved head!!
Thank you for allowing us into your journey.  I started losing hair for other health issues and I remember not wanting to wash it since that’s when it would fall off more.  It’s a feeling that unless you are going through it you wouldn’t understand.  You are beautiful and you seem to have such a wonderful partner by your side holding your hand.  Your courage and strength outweighs any strand of hair you have lost.  Keep smiling… ❤️
Bec you look beautiful. Honestly you have a GI Jane vibe because you are going to kick cancer's ass!!
Thank you so much for sharing.  Your beauty, your journey and your beautiful soul.
you're so beautiful and gorgeous
You look so so Beautiful No matter what you have here you don't have hair.I am Sending so much love💖
you are both beautiful people inside and out xxx
You are beautiful,  Our hair, make up, clothes etc is all on the outside.  Beauty comes from within....and you carry beauty both within and out.  Your hair will grow back and that is the wonderful thing about the whole process.  God will give you the strength to endure this stage in your life and you have the most amazing partner by your side.  Smile sweetheart your are gorgeous.
I don’t cry watching videos. But I cried every minute of this. The raw emotion, the love and support for each other, and your bravery. I will share with you what my Dad told my Mom when she had breast cancer. She was worried about how my dad would feel about her mastectomy and losing her breast. My dad said, “I didn’t marry your breast.”  ❤️  Eamon is that kind of husband. Lean into each other hard, fiercely, gently. This journey sucks, and you two are amazing and wonderful and yes, so, so beautiful. Soldier on. We are watching with love and hope. ❤️
You are so beautiful  with hair and no hair, you rock with out hair ,Bec just stay strong because  your hair will grow back, You got this baby girl 💗  to you and to Admon
You look beautiful bald! 💕
Lee left to speak to god for you because she knew he needed someone yelling at him to fix his mistake of giving you cancer.
My sister and neiece both have had breast cancer and lost their hair.  We all had lots of laughs and my nephew even said to my sister "gee, did you loose a bet".  They were both beautiful and strong, like you.  Neither wore their wigs very often but wore lots of knitted caps and wraps.  I ugly cried watching this video and I'm sure lots of tears have been shed by your followers.  Love you both!
Awwwww you all are so beautiful and so strong ❤️ seriously am so inspired by you guys. Seriously been watching y’all for years, have inspired so much change in me. Moving from Ohio to LA and am terrified but I keep thinking of u both and all you’re going through and I know it will be ok 🙏🏻❤️ sending healing vibes and prayers and lots of love and intentions your way, I hope you have a speedy recovery Bec! Much much love u guys 🙏🏻🙏🏻   Ben
Absolutely beautiful always Bec ❤️ Even through the hard moments and breakdowns, your strength and beauty shines through. The shaved head also looks incredible and totally bada*s .. just sayin
Sending love from the UK💗
I went to sleep last night hoping you would post a video this Sunday morning. I had a dream I was hanging out with Eamon, Bec, and a lot of other subscribers and they announced Bec was cancer-free and we all started jumping out of excitement. While that was just a dream, I know in a few months' time we will all be getting that news. I love you guys! 💛💛💛
Dear Bec and Eamon Youre both beautiful people and strong.  I think of you both often.  I had cancer 6 years ago and I know how hard the process is.  Thank you for sharing your story.  Love you guys.  You dont know me but I know you.  We are friends.
Bec, You Are AMAZING!!
Bec you are absolutely beautiful with or without hair.
If anyone can rock a bald head......it's you!  And a shout out to Eamon, Bec is so lucky to have you by her side while she navigates this.  Top marks for best support person ever!💞
Eamon you are amazing! Everyone should have a cheerleader like you in their life. I’m not just here for Bec, I also think about how hard this must be for you. Hoping you are getting the support you need as well and  taking the time you need to process it all.
just shave your head off  you'll still look gorgeous  there is a trend and quite a few women are rockin that look..
Beautiful Bec! Ramon you are also beautiful.
You both are absolutely beautiful and one of the best channels I’ve ever watched. Bec im praying for you and Eamon you are one of the best husbands to watch care for his beautiful wife. Lots of prayers and positive vibes pushing your way. Love you both so much and thank you for sharing your journey 💜
God bless you Bec i pray for your recovery and yes you look beautiful than ever 💙🙏
Lot's of love from Sweden ❤❤❤
Just wanna say Bec you look beautiful bald. And Eamon you are a great partner. Many prayers to you and your family you guys got this ❤️❤️❤️
You are a rockstar. Thank you for sharing your journey. The love you have for each other is off the chart. Prayers and love to you both. ❤️
Sending 💞....
I found you guys through the videos with Kara and Nate. And I'm so grateful. You all are an amazing bunch of people. Thank you for sharing your journey. ❤️
I LOVE YOU DEAR BEC.   AND I LOVE YOU  DEAR EAMON. FOR SHOWING SO MUCH COMPASSION AND LOVE TO BEC
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are so beautiful 🥺😍
You really do rock the shave honey, you're so naturally beautiful xxx
I’ve been praying for you.
Sinéad O'Connor ❤️ I'm in Ottawa, ON.
♥️♥️♥️
Wow!! You are stunning Bec! The way you both are going through this together inspires me. Thank you for sharing. You are both loved!
Bec just know I pray for you and always know you rocking the bald head awesome .
As a girl with long hair, I so get the pain you're going through.  It's part of us and personality somehow so hard to part with it
Wow, you look amazing with no hair! Doesn't make it easier, I know, but wow!
Beck, you are amazing. You got this.😊 The bond and connection between you and Eamon is incredible. The universe put you together for a reason❤️
Wow, such amazing strength...all the best.
You are so so beautiful inside and out friend! Loving your new look! 😍🙌🏻🎉❤️
I honestly love your hair better short! You and Kara both look rejuvenated with your haircuts. That plant and pot was so cute! Thank you for being so strong and sharing your journey! Girl you are stunning with long, short and bald!!
Bec you're the best. <3
I had chemo for my autoimmune disease and lost the hair on my arms, legs and underarms!
Such a raw and emotional video, you both are truly beautiful people inside and out. Bec,, you got this , 💕💕💕
Strong Strong Strong. You got this. Lots of tears. Thanks for sharing your emotion. Sending so much love ❤️
so much love for you guys, cheers to both of you (:
💪🏼💕💪🏼
You do look so beautiful xxx
I love you guys so much and you have so many people that are with you and I think you look amazing bald and you have friends and family with you and most importantly god will be with you this whole journey and we all love that you are sharing this journey with all of us.
I know the feeling...I can not talk about it
Bec you are beautiful,  hair or no hair!!  Eamon you are a beautiful human being obviously you love Bec.  What a lucky duo you are to have each other. Hugs to you both.   Bec, I have MS, and in my 30s I had to start using a cane. Devastated because of all the things it said to me, and how the world views "sick" people. This vlog resonated with me. I now us a wheelchair full time. Never get to hide it.   You will beat this cancer and no one in years from now will ever know unless they stumble across these vlogs. Hugs to you both.
You two are beautiful people through and through
Bec your a beautiful person inside and out! You will fight this and be even more amazing! I know Lee is right beside you cheering you on!
WE LOVE YOU! WE LOVE YOU! WE LOVE YOU! Hugs and prayers from Maine
Damn Bec, you suit every hairstyle!!! Your normal hairdo, the fringe, the bob, the shaved head, the wig - it all looks amazing on you!!
I am so sorry you have to go through this. E is the best support system
You look beautiful Bec! Sending lots of love and strength to both you and Eamon all the way from Czech Republic! 💕
G.I Bec bad ass bitch! You look great! As a male I went through testicular cancer 2 years ago and side affects amongst other things made me feel less but they are all a insignificant thing. Nothing but love and a healthy journey for you 💗💜
Thank you for sharing this hair journey. 💕 being vulnerable and honest. You do look beautiful bald. Sending so many good vibes to both of you. It's not easy and seeing your journey is beautiful! Much love ❤️
I wish there was a LOVE button on Youtube. You are such an inspiration, both you and Eamon. Sending so much love and healing vibes to you both!! <3
You look beautiful…and you remind me of the singer Birde….and that is meant as a big compliment. Take care! X, o
It’s not the hair that makes you! It’s your smiling soul😊
Bec you’ve got this!!! And so do you Eamon!! Sending good vibes your way!
You guys are all the way beautiful. Gem of a soulful you each are. ❤️
ok, now i am 18 minutes in and must say, Eamon you are a rockstar!!! Bravo! the face planter was super cool. Oso? not sure i am spelling his name correctly? but he is a beautiful dog. it is also so wonderful that you have family with you for help and support. ❤
Total badass beautiful babe!!
You two are seriously such incredible people ♥️ and Bec, you are absolutely stunning! You rock a bald head for sure! Sending you all of my love and positive vibes your way as you continue s journey ♥️
You BOTH are so STRONG and BEAUTIFUL. Keep loving each other as you and you can do anything together. xoxo
I found you in February.  My doctor gave me the news on February 8th - I am 70 y/o.  I know that you are having a much harder time that I am since you are so young and want to have a family.  My first “Martini” was on February 25th and I go every other Friday for two months; then every week for 12 weeks.  The first 4 days after my “Martini” were unbearable but your posts keep me going.  I followed your lead and had 10 inches cut off my hair last week.  I am losing my hair now but my kids & grandkids want to be with me when my hairdresser shaves my head - hopefully i can hang on until the 19th!  My boys (ages 51 & 49) tell me that having a shaved head is “liberating”!  I don’t believe them!!!!  I am praying for both of you every day and I am so grateful that you are sharing your story.  You do look great Bald!  Love y’all.
BEST GIFT EVER EAMON!!! WOW YOU DID GOOD. YOU REALLY ARE JUST SO BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT BEC!!! PLEASE DO NOT WORRY, I KNOW THIS IS HARD AND I WOULD BE WAY MORE UPSET BECAUSE I FEEL I WOULD NOT LOOK AS CUTE AS YOU DO WITH SHORT HAIR!!!!! YOU GOT THIS
You look flipping hot 🔥  bald!! I cried with you... sending love and healing energy to both of you, but extra for Bec ❤
To be honest, It's just absolutely crazy how great you look with any hairstyle. No really long hair, bangs, bob, short hair, bald even mohawk! I can''t even imagine what you are going through but it seems you are overcoming it in a such a healthy way. I'm so proud of you, you are beautiful because of you, not because of your hair.
I've watched your videos for years. I've always thought the both of you are beautiful. Your positive, bold, bright energy and sweet kind souls have always made you stand out as some of the most attractive, exciting and beautiful people I have ever watched on YouTube. Thank you for always sharing the bad with the good and the downs with the ups. Your sincerity, and genuine grace you conquer each challenge with is not only encouraging but inspiring. You are our sunshine! Love to you both and ear scratches for the Bear <3
Eamon should shave his head in solidarity. :)
Unpeeling layers to reveal beauty you never even knew you had yourself.
Bec, you are SO much more than a head of hair! Watching you go through this journey with such grace (even in the hard times) is remarkable. And watching Eamon love you through it with humor and compassion makes me so happy for you.. hang in there! There are a million of us out here sending you love, strength and healing vibes ❤️
So cute
Love.
Love you both SO much! SO proud of both of your bravery! ❤️❤️❤️ You’ve got this! 🥰
You are bold, you are stronger than you think, you are beautiful & together you will get through this. Take care 🤗
With or without hair you are beautiful!! You got this! Hugs
You both are beautiful souls. Bec- you look gorgeous.
Found your page two years ago when I was in the darkest season of my life... I have never been able to write a comment because I felt like a.. "newb" to the family here haha *faceplant*. But no more holding back, here's the cracken unleashed!! ;P  EVERY VIDEO you both create makes me cryyyyyy. I haven't understood why I get so emotional (even happy tears) when I watch your videos. I've watched a lot of youtubers but NEVER have felt such connection until you angels came along. <3 YOU BOTH truly SEE your viewers and HOLD THEM (how do you do that!? It blows my mind and is just one of the beautiful things about you guys and the impact you have on this platform!). In my darkest time I've felt HELD by you both and comforted.. And now, I hope you both feel so so lovingly held by all of us. <3 You are changing lives and are truly creating an incredible legacy. I know for me, your videos always give me a heart hug and I just BEYOND HOPE that this comment can give at least a fraction of the heart hug back to you guys. <3 *SENDING THE WARMEST CONCENTRATED HEART HUG*   AND FRICKEN SIDE NOTE !!!: BEC, YOU LOOK CHIC AF WITH A SHAVED HEAD OH MY GOSH !!!!!!!! You are such a gorgeous person inside and out and it's like all of your strikingly beautiful features are now stepping forward to the front row and saying, "It's my time now - LET'S PARTY!!!!!" <3 <3 <3 Love you guys ! <3   - Laurie <3
You are shining so brightly Bec! You are a rockstar 🤩🥳💖
Thanks for sharing your journey. You look as beautiful as ever. Stay strong.
Much love to you both!
Hi Loved when you said Bec... "With all due respect. On my life and my journey I choose too..." I think that helped alot of people including myself on my life and myJourney... " So I thank you for that! The honesty with which you Because  and you with yours Damon and you too Ohso...are inspiring and helping so many! You Become are such a gift  such a gift in general in life AND you are a natural beauty.... Your eyes and your smile totally express your soul but you do look damn good bald. You don't even need the mascara.  And Eamon you're such a supportive individual your spontaneity is so totally impressive it pours out of you naturally. Adding a range of emotional support... You totally pull off the Red wig you but tell me is that a support collar on Ohso? He didn't hurt himself falling off The bed did he? That plant was over the top... Think of you all in the regular and I am so thankful for your honesty in broadcasting your life wish you another Million followers as there are at least that many who are going through journeys that could use that honesty. Lee is there! Love you all and love the sweatshirt. Marcella
Bec you are blessed to have Eamon.  You will rock whatever comes your way. The two of you are a true inspiration.
Bec! This video gave me soooo many emotions! I was crying, smiling, laughing! But I’m sooo grateful for you to share this journey you are going on because honestly it is beautiful! & You look SOO good bald! It really suits you! ❤️❤️
I wasn't expecting to get as emotional as I did with watching this. Bec, im so proud of you and how far you've come so far, you're so strong and you got this. You're gorgeous, with or without hair. I agree with Eamon, you look really rad with a bald head! Continuing to keep you and Eamon in my thoughts and prayers💜💜
💜 When you were both laying on the yoga mats and Eamon reached over to hand your hand, made me cry! As much as he can, he is going through this with you. You're both amazing. I have every faith that, despite the challenging times ahead, you will beat this Bec! Stay strong when you can but allow yourself to feel every emotion that comes with this journey. Sending big hugs virtually your way. 🤗
Your love and courage is SO beautiful ✌️🌞💕
💕
You rock the bold!
OMG you look soooo much like Karen Carpenter. Someone please tell me I’m wrong . I always thought she was so beautiful , and I think you are to . Sending prayers . I love you guys ❤️🙏
I ❤️ you Bec!  Thank you for sharing!  Eamon you are the best I love you too!
Bec you’ve got this!! Defo think Eamon needs to shave his head too. You’re smashing this journey and are such a beautiful woman
My heart is so full for you both. You're absolutely gorgeous, an that starts from the inside! 💜
Bec, truly, LOVE the shaved head - you look amazing!
Great to see you both, x
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. 1,000,000 baby! Feel the waves of love coming at you both.  Great video!
Bec, you are one of the bravest women I have ever seen! I feel like I know you because you come across as a fighter. Your insecurities are few and your beauty is there for all to see. You have a strong man in Eamon! He loves you so much! And you are so pretty as a bald beautiful woman. This cancer isn't going to take you down. You will fight with all your mite and over a million of us in your corner!!! We love yo so much!
Go becks ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💪💪
Your beautiful and brave.  Your Buddy is awesome.
Thats my   girl. Kick cancers ass
on some  persons  no hair looks  greath and you are such a  person stay strong
You are soooo Beautiful Bec! 😍 Love You Two! 💕
WOW how incredible you look, you have the prettiest bald head ever!  I get you didn't realise how attached you were to your head, I used to prefer going to the dentist than going to the hairdressers....actually I think I still do!  You are so brave taking these steps and sharing them with everything, I am sure they really help others that are on the same journey.  Glad to hear Eamon is doing well too. x
You look beautiful 😍
Cara Bec, la stessa cosa è successa a mia moglie due anni fa e ora tutto grazie a Dio, è torna come prima, compreso i capelli. Quindi stai tranquilla, abbi solo pazienza e il sole, con il tuo sorriso e quello di Eamon,  tornerà preso a brillare.  E poi... sei talmente bella che, sinceramente, ci piaci anche così...❤
Sending you love and support! you are a queen! from Morocco xoxo
WOW Bec you're a really strong woman, you looked hot with your hair short, but man you're even hotter without hair, now for Eman to join you and shave his head in support, hang in there Bec you can beat this horrible desease, send hugs and love from the UK xxx
Rooting for you guys from Singapore! You guys are such amazing role models of what love is means and such an inspration! Best wishes for you guys!
You are so BRAVE!
Love you Bec!!! ❤️Sending positive vibes your such a strong young lady
I find myself crying along with you the last few videos. You are the strongest, most beautiful woman Bec ❤️ sending so much love and good vibes to you both
You gain love and prayers from all moroccan.. 🇲🇦❤️.. we’re in love with you duuude 😍 you all gonna be so much better 😘
Sending you all the love guys!  <3
<3 Dear Bec, I have been watching your videos for a long time and you both are really an example of healthy living. I wonder if you have been vaccinated with one of these C_vaccines. Read up a bit more on what these can do, just to be sure that this might be related. you shouldn't rule anything out. I wish you in any case, that you are soon completely healthy again. I am wondering this because my daughter had "alopecia areate" due to vaccinations when she was 17, which later became "alopecia totalis". She is now 29 years old and lives with it in the meantime. I am therefore now very suspicious of any kind of vaccinations and especially of the current ones. If you lose your hair during this therapy, don't be too sad, because you are a beautiful woman. My daughter discovered at some point how beautiful she is when she styles herself and puts on makeup. She looks super gorgeous. Also, there are now super wigs that look very real. For this time you can help yourself with it, if you think you need such behelfe. But as I said, you are so beautiful that you will discover for yourself how much you can make of yourself. In addition, you will change even more as a person, get to know other sides of you that you have not yet discovered, which will eventually lead to the fact that you will say. There is a reason why I am on this earth. Maybe to show and help this world through your visual reach what is going wrong right now. <3
Love you both so so much. Thank you so much for letting us be apart of this journey with you. Sending you so much love and good energy to you both💗
Betty for the wig Bombshell Betty hair is  over rated I have thyroid disease and my hair falls out but it’s hair
Awesome Guys. Bec, you really suit the new look. Big hugs to the both of you.
I can only imagine what a difficult journey this is for both of you. Sharing this journey with us has created many people who hold you both in loving and healing thoughts. Eamon is right, Bec you are stunning (in all ways) You are both RAD! I want to do more to support you than just prayers, so I am making sure all advertisements are being watched in full. ❤️
💗
Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair, with or without a wig or scarf. Your beauty is within you and shines out. Eamon is also beautiful in all his love and care for you.
thank you so much for sharing so beautifully!
You really looked like Tokyo in that hair cut and love the u r handling everything, you are beautiful inside and out ,,Biggest hugs to u ...Lots of love ❤️
For centuries, long hair and beauty have been an ideal in many cultures, and your generosity in sharing the journey as you faced this hurdle is breathtakingly courageous. Watching as you draw strength from one another, and hopefully from the well of strength this little community offers is inspiring. Thank you. Thank you both.
Bec your beautiful no matter what! Ignore haters, you look gorgeous with no hair. You rock that style. Take care honey ❤️❤️
Your beauty  both inside and out; your rawness, your humility, your trust in yourselves, each other, the process and this YouTube community, your authenticity, you willingness to show the whole picture of thus journey - honestly. - I’m in tears watching this and thank you so much for creating a space for goodness and uplifting energy in a world that wants to blast other narratives…..thank you so much. You are beautiful. You are enough. You are an inspiration. Be well and wrap yourself in all of this love.
I shaved my head at the beginning of the pandemic, and although it was not health related, it still taught me alot about how I view myself. im SO glad i did it <3 this videos making me want to join the baldy club again <3
I love you guys, thinking about you often.
when i saw you bald my mouth opend i was stunned you look so amazing and soo pretty <3
Name your wig sunshine ☀️
I don’t usually comment, but I wanted to thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing this part of your lives with us. Your an inspiration and the love you both share is beyond beautiful. Bec, keep ur head held high and don’t hide the beauty u have. With or without hair ur breath taking. Sending lots of love to both of you guys 💗❤️
YOUR ALSO LOSING HAIR IN THE LOWER AREA? THAT IS ALWAYS A PLUS LOL.
I've watched you guys for a few years (I think) and as a 53 year old woman, I'm pretty hardened to a lot of things. When you broke down Bec, I sobbed with you. You do look glorious without hair. Keep on staying strong, lady. You got this Much love Dee,Portsmouth, UK
Oh, that’s so,amazing to share Eamon’s hair… feeling the love. Bec your extremely brave sharing your story.🙏
Broke my heart watching and feeling your hair loss but so many beautiful experiences await you that one day you'll be able to look back at this with a knowing smile 😃
You are so strong and so super beautiful. Your hair was just an accessory that you do NOT need to be beautiful ❤️
No, YOU are beautiful!  :D
The two of you are amazing 💞 Sharing your journey is so important! Thank you 🙏🏻
bec, thank you for sharing your journey. It must be so hard! Have you ever thought of including medicinal mushrooms like lionsmane and reishi?  They have been shown to help with chemotherapy. Watch the fungi movie on Netflix! The mycologists (Paul Stamets) mother had cancer and now she's fully recovered with the help of medicinal mushrooms ❤️🍄
I have rocked a shaved head for 18 years, it's okay.
You are amazing!! My tears were with you and my prayers are with you both!! You rock bald!!! Stay strong 💞
Hello you two, another lovely heart warming video...  Becs you look amazing 😍 and I hope you don't mind but I've used your story and passed on your positivity to help my sister who's currently going through the very same thing as you. She says she doesn't care about her hair (just being brave i'm sure) as long as she gets well again which I'm sure she will, as will you... Sending you you love hugs and positive vibes x💓x
You look beautiful as always!!! Such a strong women!  And great man to stand beside you.
Wow, you look stunning!  How did Oso come into your life?
Only one step left, Bec get Eamon in the chair matching hair cuts. I expect to see Mr. Clean next video lol just kidding.
You are so beautiful.
Dear Bec, people will say "it's just hair". But it is not, it's YOUR hair. Was crying with you when you shaved it. That said, I am amazed by how you are handling this all. You are such a strong and beautiful women. Sending you light and love from Amsterdam.
I love you both so very much I'm praying for you
So proud of you two for sharing your story, love and hugz
You both are beautiful inside and out!
Beautiful 🌺
Letting us glimpse your journey during such an intimate moment is beautiful.  More beautiful than your hair.  Thank you for being so honest about something so painful. That's life I guess, its beautiful and painful at the same time.
You truly do look stunning with no hair keep fighting sweetheart my prayers and thought are with you and your hubby and family xxxx
Bec, your beauty shines from the inside out! You look great, and to see you both so positive throughout this is such a beautiful thing to see. Much love to you both!
Bec!! I would just like to say that you are genuinely so so so beautiful! I have been a follower for years and I think about you almost everyday now that you’re on this journey. I can honestly say, that once you shaved your head, to me you looked exactly the same!! Yes you had beautiful hair, and will have beautiful hair again one day, but I honestly believe your true beauty is in your character, smile, eyes and how you make your followers feel loved and appreciated! How lucky WE are to be able to watch two beautiful souls on your little corner of the internet!! Love you, stay strong, and congratulations on 1M!!
When you first shaved your head, I was like...Bec looks a lot like EL from Stranger Things! Millie Bobby Brown rocked that shaved head and so do you! You are so brave-- as “courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the assessment that something else is more important than fear.” You go girl!! --Jessica from Florida 🌞
Eamon make sure you take care of yourself so you don't get sick.  Your doing a great job taking of Bec.
Your eyes are even bigger and more beautiful!! Sending love!! 💗
Beautiful !!!!!
Love you bec and you're doing amazing sweetie
You can do it you can get through it from USA in Wisconsin  🧑🏼‍🦲🦋🦋have a great day 🧘🏼‍♀️🧘🏼‍♀️stay awesome 📸📸 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇨🇦🇨🇦
I think a shaved head / a bald head looks sooo cool, it suits you so well because you have such a pretty face and now we can fully see your beauty without the distraction of the hair! Im not saying that out of sympathy I really mean it!
You are a beautiful girl Bec, nothing defines beauty more than you . Sending you all the love in the world ! Stay strong 💪 Eamon your pretty amazing too 🥰🥰🥰
You guys are amazing! Thank you for showing the ups and the downs and keeping it real. Your strength and determination will get you through this time and eventually it will just be a memory. You are rocking being bald but can have so much fun playing with wigs too. Much love to you guys!!! 🥰
You are beautiful! Prayers for you through this journey, you are an amazing person. I am surprised Eamon didn't shave his head too...:)
Bec….you TRULY look amazing with short/shaved hair! I hope you will keep it that way when it grows back! So gorgeous ❤️❤️❤️
Girl, your bone structure is just 👌🏻 you are working that buzz cut
You are so beautiful no matter what. Hair no hair you are gorgeous. You have always reminded me of the actress Ali McGraw. I hope you are journaling your experiences. Because you are so engaging you will be helping many other women who don't have the supportive sweetheart and family that you have. You are in my prayers, GOD bless you and Eamon and walk with you through this entire journey.
Dear Bec, what an amazing woman you are. Thank you for sharing your Journey. you give me strength to fight the fight. Thank you 🙏
you  A R E  so  B E A U T I F U L ! GOD bless you and your treatment!
Eamon is seriously the most amazing partner! He’s been amazing through this whole experience, you are such a beautiful person Bec and I love that he has continued to remind you this whole process how beautiful you are and he truly means it. 💕 so much love for the both of you.
❤️❤️❤️
Your authenticity in sharing your emotions and thoughts during this journey inspire the millions who watch you. When I'm down and I watch how you handle your lives, I have beautiful role models to follow. Thank you and wishing you healing thoughts.
True beauty comes from within. You’re beautiful with/without hair. Girl you’re absolutely GLOWING!!!!! You got this. And your man is definitely a keeper. What an awesome cheerleader for you. YOU 2 are the definition of LOVE!! Blessing to you both. 🙏❤️✌️
Bec you are absolutely gorgeous!!! The most important thing is as long as we have life we have hope! Your going to recover and be able to help Others going through cancer!!!  The best is yet to come Bec!! Sending prayers!!!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec.. You look great no matter with or without hair. You are beautiful inside out... ❤️❤️❤️ Eamon is definitely right... U look sexy without hair.. Seriously...
Wow Bec you have a supermodel shaped head and a pretty neck! My hair is distinctive and it would be hard for me to lose it.  It’s more identity than vanity but there you go paving the way.  You are just as you as you were before. Now your beautiful features are getting a turn to shine without competition from your beautiful hair.  I have a lot of compassion for you and I’m sending warm healing vibes and {{{HUGS}}}.
So both are amazing, everyone around you is amazing, I’m sooo fricking proud of you both and I just wanted you to know that!! We love you guys so much and thank you for sharing this journey with us! See you some day💛🥰
I'm so glad you have put a video up! Much love and hugs to you both. Tc thinking of you both xxxx
Cried the whole video,  but you do look gorgeous bald honestly!!!
Eamon, you are an amazing partner.  Bec, so are so blessed, remember you are so much more than your diagnosis, it does not define you.
Oh Bec! I have never been through cancer or what you are going through but I can say you are incredible, powerful, determined, strong, & courageous. What a beautiful person you are, with & without hair. Stay strong and we will continue praying for your recovery!
The way Bec can rock and look beautiful in every aspect. Bald, wigs, hats, wraps, all of it 😍 sending positive thoughts and prayers your way
😘🤗
Damn, I've even balding/bald since my early 20s and you look SO much better than me :)
the last videos have just been so emotional xx love to you beck so so brave
❤️
I felt for both of you every single second of that video. Keep doing what you're doing. Sending strong positive vibes for both of you. ❤
Thank you for sharing this and being vulnerable, you are such an inspiration to me. You look absolutely stunning.
holy hell, you look fuckin great Bec. no hair and still a complete 10. Eamon looks like that rapper Russ when he wears your wig stuff. ha ha. This was a great video.
Either way, you look great, but can I just say that I think you'd look cute with a pixie cut once everything is said and done in the future. I can only imagine how hard it is, regarding the entire journey. You've got this. You really do Bec.
Bec you are absolutely Amazing!!! I can’t even imagine how hard this must be for you, BUT you are STRONG, COURAGEOUS, a FIGHTER, and YOU GOT THIS!!! You’re BEAUTIFUL inside and out and you are showing the world what all of this means. I understand this is NOT what was in the plans of your Adventures, but look at it as that, it’s just another Adventure with all of those things you’ve learned throughout your journey. You’re kicking Cancer’s ASS like you’ve done with all of your other challenges. You have all of us behind you, with an amazing Man by your side along with great friends (which is honestly a lot more than a lot of others have). AND not for nothing Bald women are BADASS and BEAUTIFUL 😍🤣🤙 Try to keep your head up lovely, one day at a time, and before you know it this nightmare will be over!!! 😘😘😘
My heart broke watching this video, but you look really beautiful. It's amazing how Eamon  take care of you. they are a very cute couple. everything will be fine! a lot of strength
You are beautiful. You look like Surgonie Weaver in Allain.  Bad Ass!! you go girl, God Bless & Best to you
Girl, you're so pretty. And I know that you feel like your prettiness depends on your hair, but your pretty with or without hair.♥
When i was a lil kid, i never have a long hair because my mom always cut it short, in a barber shop. Then one day in a some carnival, i saw a beautiful hat with wig. My dad bought me one and that's one of my happiest memory ever. And bec is right, eamon does pull off everything better 😂 please tell us one thing that eamon bad at 😂
Love you Bec ❤️ Sending positive vibes ❤️ Your are sunshine to the world!!!
You are both so beautiful.  I honestly didn't think Bec could be anymore beautiful and each week she amazes me.  The support she gets from Eamon is amazing.  Love you both!!
Wig name: Hope or Joy.  I am heartbroken when I watch the journey you're going on. I wish you all the strength and love in the world Bec.
Beautiful before and still beautiful now! 💕
I think the bald look looks rad too! Thank you for sharing ❤️
Eamon is amazing, his support and strength for you and watching how much he loves you bec is the most heart warming.  You guys have such strength it’s remarkable ❤️ your the most beautiful people inside and out.
Bec, you have such a beautiful face you seem to be able to pull off any hair/hairless style. The wigs look great as well. You rock! Eamon, you the man. So glad Bec has you through this whole thing. Both of you hang in there. And, CONGRATULATIONS on the 1 million subscribers. WOW!
@Eamon&bec you look beautiful!   I love your chunky sweater do you mind telling me where I might snag one.
💓
I am so moved and inspired by your mindset and strength. I always have been since being a part of your journey, but am now forever grateful that you share even the hardest parts of life because it's exactly what I need during my hardest time 💜
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Your hair was beautiful.  But your beauty is so much deeper.  Prayers for all the stages of this journey!
Sending love, everything is gonna be ok ❤️
You’re beautiful Bec! Strong AND beautiful! ❤️
Bec, you are Soo Beautiful inside out!! You have an awesome partner by your side ❤ You Inspire me...
Damon’s words, “ You don’t need hair for love.” We’re so deeply loving. That you wear Lee’s shirt…… Love & positivity to you both. Thank you for being so open in sharing this particularly personal journey and it says so much about your kind & caring characters. The story of pup, Wolf, was that in a  previous video? Take good care of each other.😘
Bec! I loved the bob cut on you. Your face is slender and perfect for short hair. You look like an angel pixie. Definitely reccomend trying it again like maybe when it starts to grow back. You can ABSOLUTELY pull it off.
Your beauty comes from within. Hair or no hair you are beautiful,
Dear Bec, you look awesome and are so strong. Like always I am wishing you two only the best. 🌞
You look Amazing Bald! Someone once told me god doesn't let people go Bald who dont look wonderful bald! And I truly believe that..
bec your so beautiful no matter what, you are so lucky to have eamon be so supportive in this hard time, you can do it sending love and prayers, love you guys💗💗❤
Why does Osso have a cone of shame?...Just wondering..... Love you guys!!!
You 2 are an awesome team!!!!  So inspirational!  Sending prayers.  You look so beautiful Bec!
I think you got it all backwards. By getting chemo and loosing your hair, you show the world that you are fighter, and that you are not giving up! Wear your baldness with pride... and speedy recovery!
Eamon is awesome!
I love the way you guys love each other. Bec you're an inspiration to us all! And congrats on hitting a mil!
You look like a supermodel! Now I wanna shave my head ; )
So many emotions in your video, I am bawling and my heart is happy that your are sharing your journey with us because we have all the love for you and just know you are strong and so beautiful inside and out hair or no hair. We love the both of you!💕
Bec, I never comment on videos, but today I am. You are incredible and so effortlessly beautiful. Like you honestly could have rocked the bald with bangs look bc im all here for it. The strength you have is so apparent in this video. You’re such a light even when you’re struggling. I hope you read this and know you’re in my thoughts. I wish I could give you a hug and another chickpea salad sandwich- which I love by the way, I remember when u and Ramon first posted that recipe and now my fiancé and I are hooked. You got this.
We are definitely glad you’re here. I can say that the inspiration that comes from the two of your souls is just abundant. I don’t doubt it’s hard and to you guys it feels very confusing and scary. That being said you still put your best foot forward there is truly something to be said for that. 💖 you both!
Absolutely beautiful the both of you! Embrace yourself with the greatnesses the badness and the good! Life is to be lived any way God has given you! Cheers  Big hugs!
I’m 100% with Eamon. You look so rad and beautiful with shaved hair. ❤️
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOURE SO BEAUTIFUL
Absolutely gorgeous!   I can only imagine how emotional it was for you losing your hair but you look so stunning bald.   Eamon you are an amazing life partner.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
♥️
One thing I notice about there being no hair is that the focus is more on your face….. and a gorgeous face you have! I didn’t think about the losing hair in other places, that’s a positive. I totally agree with you about just having whatever cry sessions you need, just let it all out so you can move forward. And, stay focused on positive things. Love u and we are all here to support you on this journey. ❤️
You look amazing!!!  OXOXX. I like the bald head more than the scarves, but that's just me.  It looks fantastic.  You're just beautiful inside and out, no matter what.
Love prayers are with you both beautiful people you are you will get though this 👊🥰
I love you guys so much! Thank YOU just for being you! <3 <3 <3
Beautiful ❤️
You are strong!  You are empowering!  You've always been beautiful Bec!  And, you have 1.06M people rooting for you!!  Can you imagine how great this world would be if we each had a million people rooting for us?  Till next time... 💛💛💛
You're the best Bec x
You are so inspirational as a couple. I think of you and pray for you every day. ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are amazing and beautiful! Stay strong 💪 Eamon you are incredibly supportive and a fantastic emotional rock for Bec…💕
We love you guys !!!!!❤️
Bec, you are beautiful in every sense!
Inspirational. Keep up the fight. P.s. I agree with Eamon, you look hot with no hair. Him with a wig however. Erm… not so hot. Sending love and healing thoughts.
I started writing this poem after my brother died and than added more to it after being sexually assaulted and finally finished the video recently after experiencing a miscarriage. The poem is intended to bring hope and to encourage others to know that even through your darkest days you will again find your light and it will shine bright. Don’t give up, there is hope and goodness out there. You’re stronger than you know and your life is precious. I hope this video/poem helps to remind you that even through the hard times your light will shine bright. Your light, Bec and Eamon, is incredible and remarkable and even on your low days, you shine so bright and I know your light will continue to shine brighter as you heal. Sending you both so much love. 💛  https://youtu.be/IOZePpUMNCw
You look amazing Bec! Beauty from the inside shines through I would call the wig Veronica!
I cried the whole way through... but you are such an amazing couple... I love how you truly love and care about each other. You are both so lucky to have found each other. Bec...you are gorgeous with or without hair... who you are inside is such a blessing beautiful amazing person that it shines on the outside
You’re so beautiful 💗 inside and out, no hair, hair, you’re stunning! Lee would be so proud of you
That plant pot has me crying 😭 Eamon you are so thoughtful and supportive. So glad Bec has you to experience this with. Love you both ❤️
I sob everytime I watch these videos. Thank you for always letting us in on the good and bad of your lives. You guys are so wholesome and authentic. Making me smile, laugh, and cry! 💕
AWWWW BEC YOUR SUCH A SPECIAL WOMAN AND YOU TOUCH MY HEART IN A MILLION WAYS💯❤🌺 YOU NEVER SEEM TO AMAZE ME WITH ALL THE STRENGTH YOU CARY INSIDE U💪💯🌹 YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL AND ACCEPTANCE TO ANYTHING IN LIFE IS THE BIGGEST THING ANYONE CAN ACCOMPLISH AND YOUR DOING ACCEPTIONAL AT IT💯 YOU SHOULD BE VERY PROUD OF YOUR SELF🌹💪 YOUR ALSO TRULY BLESSED TO HAVE SUCH A WONDERFUL HUSBAND AND SUPPORT SYSTEM BEHIND YOU, SO DEFINITELY ALWAYS EMBRACE THAT💯🌺😘👍 MAY GODBLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY...AND DOGGY😂😂🐕❤👼🕊🌹🌺
Bec you are an incredible, strong and beautiful human being . Thank you for sharing this vulnerable and honest moment that you and Eamon are going through. Eamon, seeing your support and strength as well during this as a loved one is amazing. You both deserve all of the happiness and love coming your way. P.S. Bec, you can pull off any look!!!
I am trying hard to visualize a hairstyle/head cover you WOULDN'T look good in...coming up empty 🥰
Yo .... you do look beautiful❤
I am deeply appreciative of your courage, authenticity, and inner strength. What a remarkable lesson in living. You shine brightly enough to post for all of us to witness. Loving you both.
You said that you thought that your hair made you beautiful.  Wrong!!  You are stunning without hair - I am so envious.  You would still be the most beautiful person in the room anywhere you go.
Gorgeous always, Bec 💜
BALD AND BEAUTIFUL! And a beautiful couple. We should all be so blessed to have a partnership like you two.
My bestie went through hodgkins cancer and she would also tell me the positive's like how her head would dry in 30 seconds after a shower. Thank you so much for putting into words, what this journey is like for you Bec. I am praying for you and hope that this youtube community can somehow carry a piece of the burden for you, so some days you and Eamon can feel 'light'
Bec you're so beautiful! I had/having a hard time with postpartum hair loss. You're so strong! Yours truly amazing!
Bec , your beauty comes from your spirit. Your face is beautiful, and I prefer short hair on you , you rock ! You are so brave. I am four years and eight months cancer free. The fear never leaves you entirely, but you do forget the bad times. This will be a memory soon. You will be invincible once you get through this. Sending love, and good wishes. Love you both! Xx
sweet angel i cried right with you, but you did so good. you've got this <3
Eamon
You will always be a stunning with or with out hair i feel for you and send you hugs
Sending yall so much love and warm hugs to the both of you and anyone reading this.💗
Bec with no hair looks so freaking cool! I love it!
Bec you have always been so gorgeous, having a bald head just brings out more of your beautiful features. Sitting here watching your cancer  journey brings me to tears as I recall my own. I am very fortunate, my uterine cancer was caught very early and I've been cancer free since August of 2020. Thank you for sharing your days, both good and bad. Having cancer can be sobering and sad, but it can also bring with it feelings of immense hope and appreciation. Praying for you to receive your cancer free diagnosis very soon and for you to effortlessly feel all the courage and strength you'll need during your process of healing. I love you guys. Sending warm hugs from Dallas, TX. ❤️
You will get through this.  So sorry for this journey.  The good thing is that you are helping so many go through the same thing.  We love you both.  You are young, strong and supported by us all.  Thanks for sharing!!
You do look like Tokio!!
I never noticed how beautiful your face Beck, because it was always covered with hair
Your so beautiful my daughter went through this when she was 7 it’s awful, but very well done your beautiful x
So sorry you weren't able to visit with Kara and Nate.  Believe me, there were a lot of tears on their end because of the circumstances. Your bob is absolutely darling!!!!!  Hope your next chemo goes much easier than the first.  Thank God you have the support system that you do!!!!! We love all of you SO MUCH!!!!!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Beauty is such a crazy idea, it changes all the time, from one stage in our life to another.  Wishing you a good life with lots of happy moments.
Hugs to you both.
Gorgeous Warrior Queen.
As a girl who has cancer and is almost done with chemotherapy, losing my hair was the easiest part and now I like being bald because I can shower faster 🤣. Chemotherapy is hard but you can do this. You have Eamon and your family to support you. Things get worse before they get better but when your in the worst part you have Eamon and your family to support and care for you. .
BeeBee. Bec you are beautiful
Beck, you look great!! You're a strong woman.
Your inner beauty shines through as always 💖💖💖💖 take care honey love from the UK xx
I'm so sorry you are having to go through such a difficult thing but I'm also so blown away by your strength and resilience. You guys have such a wonderful partnership.  Thanks for being so open with your journey, I think this is incredibly empowering for people who find themselves on the same path you're traveling.
Woman how is it possible to look beautiful with long hair look absolutely stunning with the Bob and then look absolutely stunning bald life is not fair you gorgeous woman You are beautiful you are strong you are worthy
Wow just wow, nothing but love 💕
There are no words that I wish and pray I could say Bec … other than you are a warrior. You are so brave and a beautiful warrior!! Eamon is such a precious soul and the love he has for you just shines through to bring back the light to both of your darkest times. ❤️🪶 I’ll be smudging and sending my well wishes on  your healing journey and sending so much love and healing vibes your way 🪶
I think fierce is the word
❤️❤️❤️
You look amazing bec! I think the shaved head looks really cool! I’ve seen a lot of people with shaved heads recently, and I think yours is one of my favorites! Rock it sis! The confidence you will radiate with it is going to make people feel amazing. You’ve got so many opportunities to experience with new looks now. Embrace it as a new opportunity, you’ll rock it. Go bec! We’re rooting for you.
You are so beautiful Bec. Inside and out. And you are so brave. Such grace and openness is so rare, Honey.. You are doing well. Praying and hoping. I love you.
Stay strong!
💗💗💗💗❤💗💗💗💗🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Bald head looking like gi Jane. Really bad ass and beautiful all at the same time. Breathe through it 🥰
I'm cringing through out the video 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
I remember that feeling so well when they told me that. My girls were 4 and 7 at the time and they saved my head for me. Very emotional. But felt so much better when it fell out. You got this Bec!
Bec you are such a beautiful person. Inside and out. Your kind heart shines from within and you truly inspire me to be a better person.  You look stunning with your head shaved. STUNNING.   ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Beauty is from within and in the eyes of the beholder Bec , you are a beautiful young lady who does not need trappings to look gorgeous just ask Eamon , I’m sure your rock will agree with me . DONT ever think less of yourself, Bless you sweet girl like many others you do not deserve to be in this situation . Love and harmony to you both 💕💕
You are beautiful in every way!
Keep the positive mindset! Ánimo from Spain!
GI Jane vibes! Dang, you even are beautiful with a shaved head!
Absolutely Beautiful 😍
Sending positive vibes!  Was told that the hair loss during chemo is a very positive sign that the chemo is working… hope that you can see it in that light!
You're doing amazing you two! You've got this; Bec, you're beautiful with and without hair!
I remember my mom losing her hair from Chemo. I thought it would be hard to take, but surprisingly it didnt really shock me like I thought.  She was beautiful with her hair and without.  Made me realize how unimportant our hair really is in the grand scheme of things.  I am now losing my hair from a medical condition and just dont care, lol.  You look stunning with and without your hair.  Your personality is what shines through it all!!
You are beautiful!!!
name her Beth 💗
That wig is awesome! Looks just like your normal hair. When you said you were getting into wigs, I thought of Aime of #kingingit after her bout with cancer she keeps on wearing wigs. You might as well!:You look great with the scarfs too 💗💗💗💗
You look so good! BTW love the red wigg on you. Have some fun with it. Love you guys and have missed you. You are in my prayers and I know you will beat this!
Bec I hope you are so proud of yourself!  You are brave and strong and I feel very honored that you and Eamon are sharing this journey with us. Your beauty is way more than skin deep. But I must say, you are rocking the shaved head!  And Eamon, I have always liked you and could tell you loved Bec for who she is. You have my utmost respect for the love, compassion and laughter that you are showering Bec with. But please know my prayers aren’t limited to just Bec. I pray for you too. You might not be physically sick but you are battling cancer too!  Both of you remember that you are loved by so many. And can’t wait to celebrate with you when Bec has beat this!  And she will!!  Much love!!  🥰
Bec. Hair or no hair. You're such a beautiful strong woman, and you have a beautiful soul! Much much love from Sweden❤
That planter was the best!!!  Love how you support each other!!?  ❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations on a Million!! I love you two so much! You are so brave to share this journey with us. <3
I feel so much love after watching you both together. You really complete each other. And the moment Bec asks if Eamon is okay, gave me literally chills because even in a moment she doesn’t feel strong she still cares sincerely for the people surrounding her. Wishing you both a lot of strength to come your way❤️
Wow Bec, you are so incredibly beautilful! I'm shocked how strong you are!! Sending so much Love from Germany 💗💗
💙
Crying some big crocodile tears on this video. My dog who I’ve found myself nicknaming “buddy” bc of your videos love you both. Stay strong, stay vulnerable, and stay lovely 💕 Thank you for sharing 💕
Bec you are as beautiful as ever!!!
♥️
Eamon Even you shave your whole hair.  God will lift the scourge
Could there be a cuter couple!? (No hate on Kara & Nate! 😆)
You are Beautiful in every state of your process. There are people who choose baldness for a daily basis. The wig is a Fun Idea! But just know who you are is what is Appreciated, not the process of treatment.
I love you Bec You are so beautiful Thank you Aamon for all your support to Became.
Hey Bec, you've got this sweetheart. It's just hair it grows back and when it does it comes back thicker and curly . Bonus !
You got this Beth... stay strong
You’re beautiful, your soul is beautiful, you’re so strong ❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful inside & out Bec. Thank you for sharing the experience so openly.
Eamon: your plant was the perfect gift!!
I am amazed at how you are dealing with everything your going through. Your an amazing young lady. Thinking of you every day. I went through the same with my sister and you remind me of her with your strength. Keep going sweetheart 🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡xxxx
Eating with metal untinsles can cause a awful taste, so you might want to start eating with plastic forks and spoons. You will find it makes a world of difference when eating and tasting your foods. Love to you.
That bob haircut IS SOOOOO ADORABLE! I just want to give you both a big massive cuddle, love you two so much xxxxxx But you look amazing hair or no hair Bec, trust me xxx
You got this, best of luck in your journey this year, we're all rooting for you!
You are such an inspiration Bec. And you are absolutely stunning inside and out. Thank you for sharing this journey. Here in Aspen we have a group called Tits Deep for Breast Cancer and I’d love to share your story with them 🙏🏼
Bec you look absolutely stunning! I am praying for you everyday and know you will come through this stronger than ever! xxxx 💕❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I remember the feeling on the head when the hair started to fall off. Weird. You are in the Pit right now, Bec, but soon you will be back on the racetrack. And suddenly everything will be back to normal. Trust me.
Sending you good health vibes. And all the love we can muster. We love you so much. ❤
You are beautiful inside and out, no matter with or without hair. Stay strong and positive.💗
You're a warrior and your beautiful 😍.  You are inspiring me to try and get healthy 💗 I have some moles I need to get checked. Thank you again for sharing your journey #fuckcancer
Bec You are So pretty...Hair will grow back. My Grnadma went though Breast Cancer and I remember everything we went through with her. Trust me when I say we do not see you as sick, We see you as a strong female going through Life and taking what it gives and making it Shine. I have watched you guys for the last 3 years and I will be here. One thing make sure you take time for you...you need lost of rest through this. I love you guys so much.
Bec you shine, you truly do. I've had my own personal ups and downs with your channel and me not agreeing with some things that have been said, but this journey has shown me that you and Eamon wake up with great loving intentions and I was wrong to judge. I know you will make it through this and come back like a Queen 👸
aww Bec
Continued prayers and love for you both 🙏💕
OMG, I love the planter
You you look amazing.  Not everyone can carry that off but you most definitely do!!!  Much love ❤️ from Ireland
You two are so amazing! Thank you Bec for sharing your journey. I'm not sure why I felt scared before, but seeing you go through this experience makes me feel far more empowered to get myself checked. Thank you! Sending healing vibes <3
Sending so much love! Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
love you more then ever  EVER SO MUCH
Becca, Eamon is right. You are so beautiful with or without your hair. Your presence and spirit as human being will make these to be memories really soon. God bless you both.
You got this 👍 xoxo hugs
You look so fire bald 😍 I love it.
New to your channel but have been praying for you every day!
😘😘😘😘
Crying with you today.  The shaving scene was so emotional.  Peace and love Bec.
Bec, you look like sigourney weaver in alien 3 and she’s super badass.
Bec you are one of the most amazing people in the world,  with Eamon by your side you two will make it through anything, You two have such a special bond,  I have followed you two for many years and love how you share everything. My heart breaks for you, prayers and positive thoughts go out to you.  If you two need anything, please reach out.
Head scarf and wig look amazing too. Awesome to have so many great choices. I think I want a wig now lol
Remember your brave, your beautiful, and your going to be fine! ❤️
Bec, you are such a bad a** warrior woman! You seriously look so amazing with a shaved head. Thank you for sharing your vulnerable journey with us. You could have gone through this in private but I feel like I can say this for all here, we love you we are with you! 💕
Bec, you truly are beautiful without any hair.  Your radiance shines through.  You have beautiful eyes and skin that just shine. :)
You are both so beautiful! I love how strong your relationship is and how sweet Eamon is ♥️ Sending you guys lots of love.
The name of the wig.. "The Bec"
❤❤❤
Brave and Beautiful Bec 💪💜
Bec - you are such a warrior and have shown so much grace during this very intimate process. To share your journey will help so many others to come. I pray for your strength and healing. Eamon - you are rocking the support bud! Sending you my gratitude for the unwavering strength you are showing. Take care of yourself as well!
Your are beautiful no matter what! We love you guys and send positive thoughts your way always! Love from Florida ❤️
I always wanted to shave my hair and I did it a few years ago. I love it! I had a choice though. I'm sorry you didn't, but damn girl looking good through the stages!!!!
Thanks for sharing. I hope you feel the love.
You are amazing
I spend much of the time during your videos saying 'aw sweetie' and sending you a big hug of comfort in my heart.  I'm so happy you're finding new depths to the love you have for yourselves and each other...and that it gets sent out into the universe as you share.  All the best to you, Bec and Eamon...😀
You are brave and beautiful but most of all you both are loved around the world!
The rawness of this is powerful but the overwhelming love you share is beautiful 🥰
You're such a sexy woman! There's nothing you could do that will dim your beauty! You're saying Eamon can do anything and still look great?! Look who's talking! I'm amazed with all the different looks you pull off! Beanies, wigs, Head scarf! I think you should totally use this time to experiment even more (different colored wigs+styles!!), your hair will grow back in no time! Sending all the hugs and love! <3
Wow you're such a superwoman. I really think you can pull off anything really and look as beautiful as ever. Thank you for sharing your journey, you got this babe!
Bec when you cried I cried. To be honest, I cried the whole time. I’ll say a prayer for you after every video. And Eamon you are such a supportive husband! You’re both blessed to have each other 💗
Badass with or without hair!
Bec you are so beautiful, you DO look great bald! Like a warrior princess! Kick it’s ass Bec!
First I want to thank you for making such amazingly beautiful vlogs that help the viewers to relate so intimately with you guys! As a caregiver to my mom during her breast cancer battle, I can relate to every stage that you are going through. I cried from the moment I started the blog today until the last second of it. I feel that watching you in your most vulnerable part of your journey is helping to heal others as well! Bec, your beauty and grace are shining through hair or no hair. Thank you for sharing such a personal journey and know that you are helping others as well!!!
Sending so much love. So. Much.
Keep your heads high! Bec good energy your way 💪 Eamon have some more positive vibes man 🙏  Congrats on 1m+ subs ❤️
U R so beautiful....U really are....
Damn Bec….you look a amazing!  Sheez you’re pretty! 💕
I found myself continuously whispering “you’re okay” as I watched Bec struggle throughout this video. You are so so beautiful. I know they say it’s just hair, and as much as I want to say that as well- I know that I would also lose my mind because my hair is my world. But knowing that I feel that way, you are now my hero. Because you did it! You are so so strong. 💙
you’re stunning <3
Call it The real slim becs ! Your so brave Bec!
I see beauty inside and out. Also I have to say Emon you are so supportive and so kind , loving & the sweetest to this process of Cancer. Please remember to take care of yourself as you are  taking amazing care of Bec . Sending hugs from my home on PEI to your home. 🙏🏻❤️
Dear Bec and Eamon, you both go through such a time of deep feelings. So much new things and emotions with that cancer. I wish you both love and strength. And Bec a beautiful woman like you are, can be bald, you look amazing strong and beautiful. But your beauty comes from the inside.  Greetings and love
I am so sorry you are going through this. Bec you rock that buzz cut. You are beautiful.
💕💕
:-(:::::::::::::::i am a stylist and i cried at yr feeling ,plus i wasnt there for my brothers cancer journey but i am tecnicaly here with yours Bec  and you do rock any look becuase your perfectly made and loved  and :) at that beautifull plant so so sweet, i love plants also  :-) may Jesus be with u all always …. Kelleena. Oso is beautiful.
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰❤💕❤💕❤💕 lots of love and positive energy, love you guys
“I am bald and I am beautiful” Bec, thank you for sharing this journey with us. You are an inspiration. Just your attitude throughout everything inspires me. I pray that God will be with you and Eamon and will continue to give you both the strength.
❤️
Dear Lord you are pretty!  You have that type of face that you can get away with any look. Thank you so much for the update (you’ve been on my mind) and for sharing in such an intimate time of your life.  Sending all my positive thoughts your way.
aww, you made me cry so much, really reasched inside me.I lost my first adult tooth at 57 recently. Apparently teeth speak to you and creid so much with the message from my tooth leaving. Our bodies are so precious. thanks for sharing. I wish you would contct me though for perspective of main stream treatment
Your so beautiful and giving me Eleven vibes! YOUR SO COOL!
Bec: you do look great bold!!!!! 😍 Aemon: best husband award🥇
I start chemo March 28th. I’m going to cut my hair and dye it pink this week.
I love you both. Be strong 💪🏽 I’ll keep praying for you
You look beautiful Rebecca 🤗💛
🙏🙏
Bec, you are so beautiful and so strong as an individual. Your openness to your journey empowers me and everyone who see it. And Eamon, your love and support for Bec is so beautiful.  Thank you both for allowing me in your  life journey, showing the beauty of oneself. Sending some love from Singapore ♥
O Bec & Eamon, I wish you all the Strength & Love you need, warm hugs, best wishes and prayers from Germany. 💛💚💙💜❤
You are beautiful inside and out. It’s hard to go through change yet alone having to do it while battling cancer. You are so strong!
Eamon and Bec both of you are so strong. Eamon for supporting Bec through this major change in her life and trying to remain the positive one in this journey. Bec you’re beautiful inside and out your bald head looks awesome! You’re kicking cancers butt and it’s amazing to see you try to keep a positive Attitude for us all. Thank you for letting us walk with you in this cancer journey and know you have our full support. Love you both 🥰
Wow. Just wow. Thank you Eamon for always being Becs biggest supporter. Bec you look fucking AMAZING. Sending so much love and hugs and positivity your way. Your angel is right beside you always. 🤍
doing and looking great!!!
Amazing xxx
Bec you look rockin with the shaved head. Very Ripley from Aliens one of the most bad ass characters out there. Sending you good vibes ❤
I (Kelley) am not a crier but this video really touched my heart. I understand your thoughts because I love my hair too. You looked so cute with a bob and shaved also. Thank you so so much for sharing such a personal time. Also, I have just started doing yoga the last few months because of watching your videos, and wow it helps you get in a good place and makes you feel so much healthier.
"You don't need hair for love" Aemon you are awesome!!
You got this Bec , stay strong ,you will win this with a positive mind , and Eamon your a legend ! Much love to you guys ! Rich from uk 🇬🇧
Bec you are Beautiful inside and out.  Thank you for sharing your Journey.  Eamon you are the best partner ❤️.  Thinking of you both . From Schreiber Ontario 🇨🇦 💞
The first thing i thought the first time i saw your vlog (way before cancer) was: that girl would look really good with a buzz cut! I wonder if she will ever try it. So I'm glad YOU finally got to see how good you look with the buzz cut!
You are beautiful Bec and Eamon you are so strong the way you are handling this. I pray for you both everyday! Sending my love and many blessings. Thank you for all that you do! 🙏🤗
Bec YOU ARE strong, beautiful, loved, smart, kind. Girl YOU ARE amazing. I don't really know you yet here I am tearing up as you do. All my love and prayers are with you two!
You’re both so strong and so lucky to have each other 💖
Even though i don't know Ben in person but i cry everytime she cries.it shows how special she is. You are in my thoughts and prayers Bec.you will overcome it Girrrrrl.you have very kind and caring husband and all of us beside you.💗🦸🏻‍♀️👸🏻⚘💗🙌🙏
Women and their hair, it's a deep relationship. You are handling this so well! My challenges are different, but you inspire me. And, of course you are so beautiful! Sending all the light and love I can!💝
it's not even a question of why or how you got to 1M, both of you are so amazing and inspiring.  thank you for taking me on a journey every video from the real and raw reaction to the love and embracing where you are. it so so inspiring to watch you bec as an individual and both of you as a couple go through this. "IM BALD AND IM BEAUTIFUL", I can't relate but man you got me crying, woman to woman. YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL.
Your a badass queen ur so gorgeous my mom had breast cancer and one her hair grew back after the chemotherapy is even more beautiful than it was before you got this
I’ve always had short hair and I absolutely love it, especially not having it on my neck.
😭😍love yall! BALD is beautiful.!
i had my bold head for a long time after chemo it is the coolest think ever
My ten-year-old sister who had gorgeous dark hair like yours and beautiful blue eyes lost all her hair in 3 days
Absolutely beautiful, strong, caring, loving, and you are so very much loved from all of us. I don't have the words I need to describe what I'm trying to say. ❤
You are a absolutely gorgeous human inside & out ❤️
❤
We love you Bec 💓💓 you’ve got this
Love and Light to you. I just got to ask because it doesn't make sense that a healthy happy woman like you get cancer. Did you get the vaccine? And You're beautiful.
sending so much love and strength and hope to you! <3
Gorgeous gorgeous girls have shaved heads 🥰 gorgeous gorgeous girls kick cancers butt 🥰🥰🥰 stay strong Bec!
Love you and Eamon 🥰 Praying for your recovery and sending you lots of strength ❤️
❤️ Strong
you've got this!
Bec this proves your beauty radiates within you and and pours out of you. I feel so blessed that you let us in on this journey. YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!!
You are indeed so very pretty ❤️ thank you guys for these videos
DAMN BEC!! Look how awesome you look and love the outlook you’ve been able to realize with recognizing that no matter what others see or identify you as - you’re you, you’re battle is yours, and you’re freaking ROCKIN’ it with how you’re allowing yourself to experience it all to be able to experience it ALL (aka the great stuff you have in life).
OMG u look so cute with shaved head. I don't mind trying it one day but my mom would have a stroke lol.
He's not just saying that.  You're beautiful!  Inside and out.
You actually do look amazing with a shaved head Bec ☀️....you have the perfect beautiful face that can rock any hairstyle ✌❤
Girl your heart shines SSSSSSSSSSooooooo bright each and every time. Your hair is so second to your heart.. Thank you both for sharing yours with us...💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻💕💕💕💕💕💕💕😘
BEC you are SOOOO cute in short hair and even bald looked so elegant on you. You’re so brave and beautiful. My fave image from todays very challenging but heartfelt vid was of you both laying on the floor after yoga; that was such an artistic and poignant shot. Hugs to you E&B❤️🙏🏼
How does Bec rock any look. Now I want to shave my head! You look beautiful  in any hair style especially bald. It is also so amazing how well you are taking this, your a very strong girl. I cant wait to see the future Eamon and Bec kids!
You both are so strong and inspiring 💗 love you Bec
Wow you do,  look gorgeous with no hair!!
Sweetheart, you are a beautiful lady inside and out! Please remember that we all see YOU not the clothes, vans or hair!! Stay strong… We all are here with y’all!! Much love and respect and prayers coming y’all way!!!
You have a beautifully shaped head and you look as wonderful as ever. Your courage and strength make you beautiful. Your happiness and energy make you beautiful. Your compassion makes you beautiful. Please don't worry about your hair.
ugh. cancer is terrible and i do not wish it upon anyone and im so sorry you have to go through this. you are beautiful and amazing and i know you will get through this!!!
You look like Charlize Theron from Mad Max with a shaved head aka a total badass!
I never say anything because I enjoy your blogs and journey, but I must say this hits home for me when my granny lost her hair to breast cancer and this is exactly how she reacted and strived through the tough times/feelings and I can’t be anymore proud of you and toughness to be better than the day before  it’s very inspiring and I wanted to say thank you for being honest and BRAVE …. Best wishes from Northwest Arkansas
Absolutely brave Emon you rock and are absolutely awesome in supporting your darling. Beck you rock even my 12 year old son says you are pretty and rock and we all know almost teens are brutally honest. Strongs on your journey, you both are in our prayers.
Dear Bec and Eamon,   I felt compelled to write this, first comment for me on social media, because I wanted to say you have made the world a brighter place!  Considering everything you are going through now, simply watching your videos doesn’t feel right. I want to tell you how amazing you are!   You are a huge inspiration! My husband and I send you our love from Berkeley, CA!  ❤️❤️❤️
Much much much love sis!
Eleven all grown up? looks great stay strong!❤
Bec! You are so incredibly strong for sharing this journey with all of us!
Hi Bec!! I just wanted to say that I was recently diagnosed with a hair loss condition, and I remember how devastating it was to shower for the first time and see so much hair fall out. It can be really hard to mourn past versions of ourselves and to look in the mirror and not see what we expect. Your strength and bravery are so evident in all of the videos you have been posting but please remember to be proud of yourself even on the tougher days when you don’t feel as strong. You are a powerful women Bec and I am so proud of you!!  ps. You really do look amazing in any hairstyle; bald and all! 💛
Stunning, even without hair! This one got me today…. I lost a lot of my hair when very sick with crohns and it’s hard to articulate just how hard it is and how much of a mental change it is. Not just physical. You’ve got this…. It’ll come back, and you get to have hair horns! Sending all the love and get better vibes and thank you both for sharing your journey ❤️
Aww Bec you are the most beautiful person inside and out.  As for the last phase of bald - wowzer, I didn’t think you could be more beautiful.  Whatever you are doing is working.  Take care of each other. 🙏🏻💓
Y’all are such an amazing team.  Bec you honestly look stunning no matter the length of your hair. And how amazing is Eamon at being your biggest cheerleader. Sending all the love and prayers out into the universe today and everyday for you both.  ❤️
you are so beautiful!  you rock being bald!!🤩
I have just watched the most bravest person ever well done Bec. You are beautiful
16:00 that's such a thoughtful gift!
You look soooo cute with bangs! You should keep the style when your hair grows back! It really suits your face. Love you!
I cried watching you cry bec. You are beautiful. Loved. Strong and capable. Stay strong 🤍
Long hair, short hair, no hair you are still beautiful.  But I am still glad Eamon finally cut his hair back when he did.  HE looks WAY better with shorter hair!  And remember..  once you kick cancers ass, it does grow back!  You got this Girl!!  I am still sorry you have to go through this though!  Hugs!
You  ARE a beautiful person   Hair is not what make a person beautiful  its the inner that does.   and  even without the hair you are still the same person,  HUGS and you going to get threw this.  We all love you.
Seriously love your bob. When you lose all your hair, I used to say I had a bigger face. Washing my face and carrying on to wash my head was so easy!  No bad hair day ❤️🥰
Why do I feel like you will have to fight Eamon for the wig every morning? I love the bob-look. I love the bald-look. I love the wig-look. It must be the awesome human who sits below the various hair-looks. You rock AND rule, Bec. You look like Demi Moore in GI Jane  GI Bec! FIERCE!!
Such an emotional journey. As a woman I understand the attachment to your hair. You look stunning without it. You’re lucky to have such a rock of support in Eamen. You’re in my prayers. Just beautiful 🙏🏻💓
Eamon, you are such a phenomenal and supportive partner! 👌😍 Well done xx
Sending positive vibes, you both are strong and amazing people!! 💛
You are amazingly beautiful!
Cling tight to each other, God speed……this too shall pass.
Plus, I’ve never seen ( and I’ve seen many) who didn’t become more exotically beautiful in the baldness of their C therapy.
❤️🤗🙏
You can see your beautiful eyes and amazing smile so much better now, Bec!
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. Lots of love ❤️
When a female shaves her head for whatever the reason and finds a beautiful perfectly round head, you should thank your mother.
GIRL YA LOOK GREAT! ❤️
Bec, I have had a hard time watching this part of your life. I feel like we know you guys and we are friends and it is so hard to see you go through this. But stay strong, you look beautiful, always. Keep your head up sis, you got this! 💜
Sending love  You are beautiful  Thanks for sharing
Bec, your positive outlook on everything, is a lesson so many really should learn. You make me want to be more positive in my life. Thankyou for being such a beautiful person. It's going to be ok. ❤P.S, Eamon is right. You look awesome no matter the hair.
Hey Bec! I know losing your hair must be really tough. I cant imagine what you are going through but if this makes you feel any better I'd like to tell you that hair cells divide as quickly as your cancer cells. Chemo is made to stop your cancer cells from dividing and in collateral damage your hairs are also affected. But the silver lining to that is that with every hair you lose you kill a few cancer cells. So I'd say let those cancer cells die! P.S. you look hot as bald. You really do and I'm not just saying that. So rock it love😘😘😘😘
Bec you are so absolutely beautiful and your hair/lack of hair isnt going to change a thing about it. ❤ Your face with that gorgeous smile has always been the highlight of my week.
You look stunning Bec, there's not many women that can rock a buzz cut but you look incredible!
Omg Bec i had no idea. I have clearly not been keeping up. I’m so sorry 😞  I am routing for you. Thank you for your vulnerability and your bravery. I am routing for you.
You are beautiful with or without hair, you are a survivor with or without hair, show it with or without hair, !👍🏻
Bec you are so beautiful and strong! God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers! Eamon is an angel on earth protecting you and loving you!  God bless both of you!
Bec the cutest
You look beautiful with or without hair.xx
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕beautiful souls you 2 are.....😘
Hope you get better! The haircut and wig look amazing!!!
You got this girl
With no video last week and Kara and Nate not being able to make it over, I was afraid it was tough times. You look amazing.   Keep up the fight. We’re all pulling for you.
I feel so much love for you two. You are both amazing, strong and beautiful people and I feel very lucky to be able to witness it through your videos. Thank you so much
Short hair really suits you x
Love you kids! I’ve been hooked on this channel for awhile now but not sure if I’ve commented till now! Bec u r beautiful no matter what young lady! So glad you have such a wonderful supportive parter! So sad to hear of the diagnoses! Prayers and blessings on your journey! Take care 💗
Your beautiful soul shines so bright right now! You are absolutely gorgeous in every sense of the word 🖤🖤🖤
you are both beautiful inside and out.  I will not pretend to know what you are going through Bec.  Hair will grow back as soon as you get better and I believe you will get better because you are a strong young woman.Lots of love from Poland🤍❤
You are beautiful inside and out. 🖤
I can't imagine some people go thru suffering alone. Bec has a wonderful support group especially Eamon with his love and wonderful sense of humor. Stay strong both of you on this journey defeating cancer.
This has to be one of the saddest but most beautiful videos I’ve watched. Your expression of love is beautiful to watch and you are beautiful! I am so sorry you are going through this but I love the example you are showing the world of what love and support looks like
You are beautiful inside and out. Bec, you are helping so... many women with your journey.
Bec: You are magnificent. You ROCK each look. You GO girl!  Eamon: You're right there with her.  Love you guys (furry puplet as well)!
Oh Baby girl we are with you in heart and mind. I'm praying for you both 🌺 You are so pretty with or without hair. You are an example for others that are going through a change🦋 Keep positive and praying Jehovah for strength 🌺
❤️🫂
Virtual hugs. My mom said, when she went through chemo, that hair loss means your treatment is working. Hold on to that.
Girl…. .praying for ya … and yeah …you look amazing with a buzzed head! I want to send you more gorgeous headscarf’s!
Bec! Your beautiful facial features are far more prominent with short hair.  I’m so happy you are embracing your bald head because you are freaking rocking it! Gorgeous overload.
HELLO FROM VIRGINA!!!! oh bec you look beautiful! yes your hair was beautiful but that isnt what makes you beautiful its your wonderful smile and your beautiful spirit YOUR AMAZING WITH OR WITHOUT HAIR!! I LOVE YOU GOD BLESS KEEP YOUR HEAD UP KEEP SMILING THAT BEAUTIFUL SMILE YOUR GOING TO COME OUT OF ALL OF THIS A WINNER!!!!
My favorite part when Bec looks to her Bob and says i do look cute and then “me llamo es Tokio” 😂 love your Spanish. Big hug from Chile, follow your trip and sending tons of good vibes 🥰
Becca, you are gorgeous.  Hair doesn't make you who you are.  Eamon, thank you for being so strong for the both of you.  Again, thank you for taking us along. P.s. You look great bald! 🤗💜🤗💜🤗💜🤗💜🤗
You are rocking the baldness! You look very beautiful, take care,  you and Eamon are in our prayers. God bless you both! 😁
Eamon is amazing
A new plant each treatment is marvelous🤠❤️
Becs you look beautiful,  get well soon
You are so beautiful with it without hair and don't ever doubt it
Wonderful 🙏🏼☺️
You are still beautiful stay strong. Sending you prayers 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You are so brave and so strong I know you will get through this bec, sending you so much love💕
Bec it breaks my heart that you are going through this but you are so strong!!! Praying hard for you! And everyone needs an Eamon in their life!!!
You look so badass bald!  You’re going to be okay at the end of this journey Bec. Not the same as you were, but still you, still vibrant and kind and loving, and THAT is why we all watch this channel. Well that and Eamon’s antics. 😂  you are both amazing and this community loves you! But don’t forget that you don’t owe anyone anything. Please know that you can stop creating, stop showing up the same way for all of us and you will still be as worthy of love, abundance and all the good things, as you are right now.
Stay strong Bec, your inner light is only shining brighter!  I have to say ........ can I give a MAJOR shout out to the love, compassion, understanding and care by Eamon as you both go through this.  He is an angel amongst us.  Much love to you both from Germany.  I feel your story is helping so many in the same situation. x
You are the strongest person ever Bec. Love you guys.
Beautiful
Eamon, cut off all yours too!
Becky looks bloody amazing with any kind of haircut!!!
In 2 weeks I'll be 69 years old and Bec you look fantastic, All though the stages of getting rid of your hair. I think the wig you got made from your hair Eamon will wear more than you. Thanks for telling me 1 thing I hadn't thought about, that you loose hair not only from your head. Made me laugh when I think I heard Eamon say it will save you shaving down there. Congrats on the now 1.06m subscribers Love to you all from family Bosson in Korat, Thailand.
Sat here in floods of tears. What a powerful story that you tell so beautifully. Eamon is also an absolute gem! All the love in the world from the UK
You look so bad ass! 💕
❤❤❤
I’m not much of a cryer but everyone of these videos has been getting me. Sending you guys so much love and I must say your relationship seems like one for the ages! Also you look AMAZING bald, very Furiosa from Mad Max and she was a badass!
You two have the most pure love. I am thinking of you both as you take this journey.
You do you girl you look awesome be you
You are beautiful with hair or without hair girl... you rock and is such a trooper💙❤💓... you rock on and keep fighting girl... you got this....
Bald women are beautiful! They symbolize strength <3
Bec u look stunning... n so strong.. u could model for victory secrets... n I love love love how supportive Eamon is... lots of love to u both..
Bec your absolutely beautiful!  Love you two! ❤️
Please remember that your are more than your hair. You are a beautiful human being. You really look great bald!
BEC YOUR HAIR DOES LOOK SO CUTE SHORT
I love ❤️ your new journey you look amazing!  Great people to deal with!   I know it’s going to be hard as you  lose your hair but understand that your are going to look amazing 😻  just the way you are!  Bec in my head I have a shut that goes from my brain to my stomach I do know how you feel about your. Mole!!!
Oh my goodness, BEC that bob looks so good on you! I'm rooting for Ya. I know this all a lot but thank for sharing your journey with us all. We love you both. ❤️
You got this Bec. Your positive attitude and love of life will help pull you through. Glad you have such a strong support network.  Still waiting for Eamon to shave his head in solidarity. As a bald dude myself, it is great and very easy to maintain. Keep up the positive attitude. You got this.
Well done you beautiful people. You're  teaching me how to be strong while being flexible and honouring your journey.
Cried with you! Sending allll the positive vibes, love and support! You are an incredible woman who has an incredible man and family!
Bec, you are seriously stunning inside and out-hair or no hair! You've got this girl!
Please God heal her I know for you must please heal this kind sweet soul
Your light is what makes you beautiful.  Keep shinning and keep healing . Your outer layers will bloom again in your own springtime . Rest, heal and focus on your inner strength 💪 blessing for you and Eamon 🤍💫
When I went through Officer Candidate School to join the military I had to have my hair cut, and even though I had cut it some before going there, it was still somewhat traumatic to have it cut by them, but I did embrace it and cut it even shorter due to the ease and I ended up loving it.  I'm glad you got there and you look beautiful.  The wig you got is so perfect for you, I'm pretty sure if you didn't share your hair journey and just wore that wig that no one would have noticed at all, but I'm glad you shared it with everyone because any one of us could end up in your position one day.
I was really young when my grandma went through breast cancer and I remember sheepishly asking if she lost hair “everywhere” 😅 put a smile on her face and that’s all that mattered
My boss's daughter lost all her thick blonde hair at age 7 from alopecia. It didn't make a difference.
You look incredible, so beautiful inside and out! X
The baldness just enhances how beautiful your face is and how strong you are. Sending you so much love. 💖 You genuinely look fucking bad ass. Eamon truly loves you in such a rare and honest way. I cannot wait for the other side of this journey, looking forward to the day you are parents because I know you will both be so wonderful. It takes so much courage to do what you do, to share your life with us. Bec, you are a gorgeous, kind, brave and formidable woman. I only wish I could be half as good as you.
You are beautiful! (And you can rock ANY hair length - seriously!) Thank you for sharing your journey. Props to Eamon as a great buddy and support. You got this! 💛
Bec- you are so very beautiful and inspiring, inside and out, cant really find word for you how amazing you are and how my heart is full of love for you. And Eamon - so strong and loving, you’re such a gift .
❤❤❤
Bec! I'm overwhelmed with you sharing all of this. I KNOW you are helping people by doing so. You are an incredible person!! And you look stunning in whatever style you do!
You are both amazing.
You're my role model and inspiration! God bless you❣
So so beautiful,  both of you are amazing and strong. You both give each other strength & courage, you know when to check in with each other to encourage one another during the good & the difficult times. Bec your awesome and you got this !!!!  Love you guys
Love you more than ANYONE on the internet!
I’m not crying. I’m not crying. Bec, you’re beautiful. We love you!
You are just as beautiful with out hair. It's only temporary. You got this girl!!!
Wow ….. I have to say that your short hair suited your personality. I LOVED it! Eamon is right about you looking beautiful bald too. So sweet that you and Aimee will be able to share a love of wigs. I got so choked up that you were wearing Lee’s sweatshirt. Here you are fighting to live and …… Our son died by suicide and I just don’t get it. 30 years later and I still struggle with getting ‘it’ and wondering what I could have done differently. Understanding the pain and hopelessness one feels that they die from it. Let’s just say I had a good cry with you.  I so love and admire your optimism and resolve to keep fighting the good fight. When you look back on this journey I am sure you will have gained much more than you lost even though the losses feel very big right now. I agree it is not just vanity but more so what your hair represents. On a side note …. I liked how you checked in with Eamon, however I did not buy his ‘I am okay’. I am sending you both a big hug. Eamon you are the best medicine for Bec, but you also need to fill yourself up so you stay healthy. My heart broke seeing the truth in his eyes. I also want to give a shout-out to the dog ….. what a gift he is! 👏😘❤️🙏
You both are on my prayers 🙏,
Girl, you’re so beautiful!! I can’t imagine how hard this journey is, thank you for being so vulnerable and sharing it with us. Sending all the love to you both.
As a fellow BC survivor, I agree that bald is not only beautiful,  but very freeing! I also didn’t elect the cold cap. However, another BC survivor recommended the cold packs for your feet and hands to ward off any neuropathy. I have to say, it worked!  I was receiving taxol, and for 15 minutes before and after and for the duration (1 hour) of that particular chemo, I iced my hands and feet.  My hubby and I would bring a cooler with us and a blanket from home. Always looked like we were going on a picnic. 😂 I purchased specific gloves and booties. You can find them on Amazon. They’re pricey,  but worth it. Elasto-Gel Therapy Mitts and Booties. In addition, one of my chemo nurses, recommended 600 mg of alpha lipoic acid daily for nerve health. I still take it, after 3 years and likely always will.  She was a firm believer in holistic medicine.  Sending special wishes for strength and healing on your journey. I promise you’ll reach the other side with a positive attitude and gratefulness for every day. 💖
Definitely gettin GI Jane vibes! You’re beautiful and I admire you doing this publicly for everyone else going through it
I am crying with you on this video. I love watching you guys and you both look amazing.
You look absolutely beautiful no matter what !!! ♥️ I remember when I was bald & at first I felt really insecure about it, but it shows that beautiful smile of yours ! It’s hair, it will grow back. Your staying so strong !
You look beautiful - stay strong!
Think, Tank Girl. You will always be beautiful. You got this. Pulling for you.
Thank you for sharing this intimate journey. I’d feel the same way about my hair.
We were crying along with you Bec.  But you have always been Beautiful, from the inside out, so all of you is still shining through.  You are bad ass strong! You look amazing. And we love all the fun and beautiful alternatives you have for the journey. Including the ball cap Eamon.  And the planter.  Your love for each other will see you through this. :)
Bec, you are stunning, hair or no hair and I think you should name your new wig!
I know not having hair feels like a visual reminder to you and everyone that you are sick but I truly think it makes you look STRONG AF! 💪💪💪
You’re a amazing person and you do not need you hair to be beautiful you are perfect with and without your hair. You are amazing just keep on shining!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
🙏🏼❤🙏🏼❤🙏🏼❤
Love you new look Bec Thank you for sharing  this emotional journey 🥰🙏 Much love and respect form the island of Tenerife 🏝🇪🇸
Bec, You have such a beautiful face and eyes and demeanor that bald looks AMAZING! Thank you for sharing your journey!
Love the look Bec, wouldn’t it be cool if Eamon shaved his head too!
My hair started fallout 5 years ago. I understand your sadness about it, but over time you get use to it. and now I prefer short hair. You put to much stock in your hair .When it's your beautiful smile your openness and your love for the people around you, is what make you beautiful.
You look wonderful Bec!!!!! Eamon is such a great support system. Make sure you take care of yourself too Eamon! Love you both <3333
Beautiful and strong Bec. I love you and pray for you and Eamon. much love from a momfan from Suriname South America. till next week. Sending much love and positive energy your way
My thoughts and prayers are with you. You are amazing woman. You keep your strength strong and be positive everyday. God is putting you in this journey to share and you will survive this season of your life. Also there is an app for your plants BLOSSOM plant care. Take a picture and it will tell you what is wrong with it and how to care for it. Love you both.
You are beautiful and strong!  You’ve got this!  And Eamon by your side is an awesome support system. Off topic, is Oso the same little puppy from Baja all grown up?  I seem to remember that was his name too. Sure looks different all grown up!
Eamon you’re beautiful too , Bev you’re always stunning x
Sending all the love and well wishes to you
Sending love ❤
You are beautiful and I'm sending prayers
I watched my mother lose her hair in her battle with cancer.  I believe for her it was one of the worst experiences throughout her breast cancer experiences.  She rocked her wigs, dad shaved his lifelong mustache and I cut my waist long hair in support.  6 years later she is healthy and just as gorgeous as always.  We are all supporting you and I hope you can feel our vibes of love from all over the world.  You will rock the wig.
my mom doesn’t even know who you guys are and saw me watching and said “that woman looks amazing with shaved hair” ❤️❤️ you’re so beautiful bec
The pair of you are such an inspiration. Thank you for being brave enough to share your experiences so truthfully. I am sure it will benefit others on similar journeys.  Lee must be so proud of you both. Big hugs from the south coast of the UK xx
You are such a brave person and you are in my prayers every day and will be with you through your journey. I think Ramon should shave his head as well. XX XX
aww i love you guys! Bec thank you for sharing your journey. You're incredible and I'm sending you tons of light energy!!!
YOU are beautiful inside and out!  Eaman you are so loving.
so touched by the raw emotion, the honesty and most of all the love in this video.....march on Eamon & Bec!
No other words . You are both such strong people and an inspiration 💕💕
I am so freakin proud of you. I wish there was more that I could say or do to bring you comfort but unfortunately there isn't. I felt so emotional during this weeks video. I don't have cancer but I do have a very rate auto immune disease that requires me to take a chemo therapy medication. So on some scale I do know the physical downsides. The extreme fatigue. The body aches. I literally couldn't imagine if I had had take a higher dose or add anything else to it. I feel so much closer to you in a way. I know that sounds weird I've never met you and probably never will. But your video was so real and raw I can't imagine how anyone doesn't feel closer to you after viewing that. Funny side story. I like to make crafts and wreaths and diys. I worked on a pretty pink ribbon wreath for you and it just turned out. Well it didn't take on the shape of a ribbion. So it ended just looking like a very pink wreath so I ended up turning it into an Easter/spring wreat. Anyways. I do plan on trying to figure out how to improve it so it is presentable and I'm able to send you some happy mail. Again than you for sharing all your stories and journeys. Also I don't want to forget Eamon.... I'm currently single and I have decided that I will NOT settle for anything less than the way he loves you. It is honestly a beautiful thing to see. I hope that when my son is grown and married he treats and breatgs love into his wife just the same. Hmmm maybe I should make him binge watch yalls videos with me. Lol. This had turned into a very long comment so I will leave you with all the best amazing vibes & love that I've got. ❤
<3
Bec you are an inspiration and such a beautiful soul. Thank you for sharing this journey with all of us! 💕
How lovely you both are together <3
Sending love and sun ☀️ from Israel. You look beautiful
You are BEAUTIFUL Bec!  Eamon you are such a blessing!
My empathetic heart was crying with you when you shaved your head. You are strong and beautiful Bec, with or without hair. Congrats on hitting a million subs, been watching for a few years now and I feel like you could be family ❤
i am only 6 minutes in and have to say, you look awesome with short hair! and i bet you are going to be just as beautiful with the next step. ♥
I love you two   Bec as you said at the end  ‘You are bald and beautiful’ - don’t let anyone tell you otherwise
You are beautiful.
Just remember Beck, this is temporary. Kick this disease in the ass, then get back to what you want to be. Oh but when you do grow your hair back stop at the bob, unbelievably cute. 😍🥰
You look amazing Bec ☀️ You two are such a cute couple 💗 Thank you for having us along on your journey ✨
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sending you both lots of healing energy 💗❤ Bec you are beautiful with or without hair
I cried with you , I smiled with you. Hang tough girl.
I started following you because of Kara and Nate but I’m glad I did because you guys are amazing and yes your BEAUTIFUL inside and out ❤️ thanks for having us on your journey sending lots of love and prayers your way
You look like the warrior princess you are Bec. Peace, love and joy to you both, all you love, and who love you. 💚🥰🧡
I completely understand grieving identity loss due to illness. Felt like I spent my entire adult life working full-time while earning two college degrees only to have to quit working my corporate job at age 43 - permanently. I hated meeting new people who inevitably asked “so what do you do”? Well, I lay around in intractable pain most of the time.” I get Bec. I completely get it.
Your beautiful Bec and love you two...
You look really beautiful!
Dear Amen and bek watching you go through something this hard Is beautiful when I went through this I was alone please remember that osso Also the dog can be a great great great help to you he knows you're not feeling good honey and he'll be there for you and he'll give you all the love and strength animals are wonderful for that you're gonna beat this bek And never forget baby girl I see your strength but it's OK to break down you don't have to be strong for the world baby you can do this you will do this not you can you will I've watched you for years and as an old lady sitting here I wish I could take this where I'm you you and that you never had to deal with it with it but I'm praying for you everyday and I'm sending you tons of love
Keep up this beautiful and positive energy! Thank you for sharing both your stories! Get better soon.
I've been watching you guys every week for few years now. I look forward to them. And love you guys so much. Bec I cried so much through this video. I think I'm going to shave my head for you. If I do I'll make a video and post it on YouTube and do a hashtag. Love you so much and you are such a strong and wonderful person. You look so beautiful bald you totally pull it off. What's a total vibe 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Always an inspiration- you are both just the most lovely souls - Bec you are just stunning  you seem strong and gracious through all the journey. Good things are coming ❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏💋💋
WOW!!  You look beautiful in ALL lengths. Bless you for your courage and strength 🥰
She looks so cool. I think she looks amazing with or without  hair. You will get though it.❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing this very vulnerable period with us. This couldn’t have been easy. You look amazing and you are so so strong.
THAT IS GOING TO BE SUCH A SPECIAL AND AMZING WIG, WITH BOTH YOUR HAIRS COMBINED AND HOPEFULLY SOME OF KARA'S TOO!!! SHE LOOKS SO CUTE ALSO WITH SHORT HAIR!!
Hi Bec, you look fantastic bald! 💚 you’re so brave and with Eamon there for comic relief I was able to watch and not cry today. I’m glad you seem overall so positive and yes, you are so beautiful. I love the plant pot he got you - that’s hilarious and I think you should name him too. 😂🌱🌱 much love to you. Xxxx b Stay warm and know we are out here for you. 💚💚💚
Bec you are a bad ass babe!!! So strong, beautiful inside and out, brave, kind, all the things!!! I’ve been watching your videos since Morocco and I’m so blown away by how the positive vibes have not stopped coming from you and Eamon. Thank you for being brave enough to share your story, especially the hard parts. Sending all the prayers, love, and support your way!! ❤️❤️❤️. Kick cancer’s ass Bec 😘
Be strong ❤️ prayers for both of you 🙏🏼
Bec You are inspiring, and such a beautiful woman.. the bob is so Parisian chic! And you also look amazing with no hair!
I like how eamon allows you to have your emotions!  Hope he is doing ok too!  You are soo strong 👍
you look fantastic !!!!!
Okay, but Bec you look HOT!!! Omg, I want to look like you! ❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️🔥❤️🔥
When I started chemo my oncologist told me that my hair would thin. But not fall out in huge gobs. That's what happened and it got to the point I looked hideous so my husband shaved it off. A buzz cut not completely bald. I was okay with it. The second round of chemo I was a different protocol and again my oncologist told me I would have thinning. But this time it came out a lot. So I shaved it. It has started to grow back. It's a side effect but when you get cured and stop chemo it will all grow back 🙂 I never felt that my hair was part of my identity and I really didn't care I was bald. People don't notice it as much as you think they will and I wear hats almost all the time. Stay strong and positive you are beautiful even without hair!!!!!!!!
Bec you are a beautiful soul and a beautiful women warrior!!!! ❤️❤️🥰🥰
Love u guys
You are so beautiful Bec ❤️❤️ so much love to y’all ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are so beautiful and strong. My husband and I love watching you and Eamon's channel so much. We are so sad that you have to go through this, but you've got this. I know you will be ok. I'm praying daily for you and Eamon. We send all our love. One day at a time.
I think you look beautiful with long, short or shaved hair. You have a gorgeous face and sweet countenance. I love that you let tears fall when needed and how Eamon is a wonderful support system. I think it also good to experiment with different looks and not get stuck in a rut. This is an opportunity for you to play with different looks. You guys rock.
U guys are awesome sharing your journey with ur fans ,my wife and I been watching ur channel even before King in it even though we live down the road from them in Wales Uk just sending our thoughts Bec keep strong u got this ,Eamon u the man it must b hard for u also but seeing what ur doing to keep Bec feeling safe and happy wow dude be proud of yourself showing the true meaning of looking after the one u love 👍
you are a shining star inside and out brave girl!  this WILL be all behind you GIANT HUGS to you both!
Bec is beautiful 😊 Love to you both 💕
I'm am crying with you and I am so proud of you. So so proud.
You are amazing and strong warrior you got this 👍
So hard to watch you hurt. But Eamon is so right! You look gorgeous. Lots of love.
Bec, your hair was just the frosting on top of your beauty ,  Everyone knows the best bit is under the frosting - the cake 🌈 Stay strong and lots of love and support from Perth 💕🌈
🤗😍💖
Eamon is correct.  You do look beautiful.   I found being bald from chemo was actually quite liberating.  Just an fyi. I cut my long hair short a couple of days ago.  You’re doing great Bec.  Love and hugs to both of you.
bless your heart with or without hair you are beautiful on the inside and the outside
You are so beautiful and brave heart goes out to you both ❤️
You look so gorgeous and I should know I’m a cosmetologist!! You have a beautiful shaped head so perfect!! God Bless, love and take care because you are so very inspirational 🌼❤️
Thank you for sharing. Your beauty is from your soul ❤️🙏🏼👍🏼
You are beautiful !!Oh my word, there are a lot of women out there that would be on their knees thanking God every day for the support you are getting from Eamon. Praying for your recovery.
You are beautiful and strong!
Bec🎀, You look so beautiful and much younger with short hair!!❤️ Love you so much!!💯 #davesandersstepdaughter 🇺🇲
Prayers to you beautiful lady
Bec: you look like a ROCKSTAR! You remind me of the Roxette's lead singer. You look so beautiful with short or no hair at all. Keep smiling girl. Eamon: you're the prince charming that all of us want.  What a great team you guys are. Love you so much, thank you for sharing your life with us. It is so nice to find honest and real people on this digital world. LOVE YOU GUYS!
Bec is the definition of strong. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts for sharing the most challenging parts of your journey ❤️ You are beautiful inside and out
I have to ask. Are you guys keeping oso!? I hope so. He seems like a great addition to your already wonderful family!!!  Also praying and seeing support to you both. You have an amazing support system around you Bec 💞!
My mom always struggled to get her hair to grow.  She tried everything & wore a scarf on her head my whole life.  I remember being in 2nd-3rd grade, I overheard her speaking to my father about shaving it in hopes it would grow back thicker.  She'd been trying everything for years & this was new. I was so devasted at the thought she wouldn't wear her scarf/dew rag anymore.  I thought she was beautiful just the way she was & just couldn't wrap my young brain around it.   I was so upset that they had to wait for me to cry myself asleep before they could do it.  I woke up in the middle of the night & instantly remembered the night before.  Jumped up & ran into my parents room, looking for my mom's head.   She had shaved it & i just cried.  She just held me & asked me why I was so upset, it was her hair.  I thought she was perfect the way she was.   I connected her with her scarf/dewrag & being what made her my mom.  When she passed 12/16/20 the only Thing I even cared to have was one of her scarfs.  Because she had trouble growing her hair (due to her polycystic kidney disease,).  She made us super crazy about our hair, you don't realize how attached you are to something until it's gone.   My point is w/out trying to dismiss or discount your feelings or emotions, is that you are so beautiful w/ or w/out hair.  I have faith that once your liquid sunshine kicks that cancers ass, yours will be long & flowing in no time.  Honor your feelings though.  Love you guys!! Continued prayers and love.
Hii
Aweee!!! Bec you look beautiful bald. I too had long beautiful think hair down to my waist.  I did the bob thing but within I’d say less than two weeks I was as bald as a cue ball. I have to tell you the worst part of being bald was you get “Cold” faster.   I decided to just go crazy with hats.  My friend crocheted a minion hat for me because I just love those little guys.  Every time I’d wear it when I went for chemo I’d encounter a child at the cancer center undergoing treatment as well and they’d just go gaga over that hat so I’d end up giving it to them.  The joy it brought to them just beamed through their smiles. I think my friend must of made me 10 of those hats because I kept giving them away.  In all honesty one of the side effects of chemo when your hair falls out is that your scalp feels like you have a very bad sunburn so it’s very sensitive.   I got a beautiful wig to but truthfully I think I only wore it on a few special occasions because it was just so uncomfortable to wear.  Every person is different so hopefully you won’t have that side effect. I kinda looked at all the money I’d be saving in hair care products haha!!  I always tried to find something positive along my cancer journey, for myself it was a way to take that next step into a new day.  Praying for you daily and sending you lots of warm hugs & love from Michigan. Remember your the same beautiful person with it without hair. 🥰
Your rock the Bald like a super model.
Bec, every time you cry, I can't help myself and just have to cry with you... I can't believe how strong you both are... you look great!
You guys are both so awesome.  Bec, you're a rockstar for pushing through each hurdle as it comes, and Eamon you are a super star for comforting Bec in every way she needs along the journey.  You're both truly an inspiration on your good days and bad days.  Sending love and prayers <3
You are amazing
Not that this is even a main concern but BEC I MUST SAY IF ANYTHING YOU LOOK EVEN BETTER BALD! never even knew it was possible for you to get more beautiful , but just being able to show off your face truly suits you. You’re the definition of beautiful inside and out💖
Your hair does not define you! Your heart and soul say everything about you two! We are right here with you in this journey! My heart is with you, my thoughts are yours, stay strong you beautiful soul!
As Janna said: you're beautiful inside and out Bec, and so are you, Eamon! This is what courage looks like. Sending warm love~Cass
Bec, you are absolutely beautiful.  I always thought short hair would look great on you and I was right!  I think the way you handle everything and the same goes for Amon by the way, you really make examples for a lot of people in difficult situations.  Gratitude is a valuable thing.  And you show us that.  I'm beaming all my positive vibes and rays of sunshine your way!  Love, Nil from the Netherlands💛🌟🌼
Bec you are absolutely beautiful and so pure inside and out🥺😍 you two are the most inspiring people. Keep doin what you do ✨💛😌
Your soul is beautiful and it shines through you no matter what. Thank you for sharing this journey with us and being so vulnerable and brave to share. Sending all the positive vibes up to Canada!
Bec, you are rocking the bald head! 💕 Keep strong 💪! Fight like a girl! 🙏🏻
You are gorgeous Beck! Sending you lots of strength and love ❤️
That is wild, it looks like you never cut your hair. Beautiful 😍 look the bob, looks great on you
I'm with Eamon on this one. You're beautiful with or without hair. As Eamon said, You're hot! :)
The wig is soooo a natasha!
You are so beautiful Bec! You are also beautiful Eamon! Your souls and spirits shine brighter than anything else. Because of that, I have several suggestions for naming your wigs: 1. BELLE/BELLA (beauty in different languages. No matter if it is on or off you are beautiful), 2.LEE (because she is with you throughout this journey as much as all of us are), 3.JOY (because everytime you put in on, you smiled at how beautiful you are). Keep shining beautiful souls!!❤
Bec, you have all of us supporting and praying for you! We know you’re going to kick cancers ass! You ARE beautiful and will get through this ✨  Eamon, NEVER change who you are. Never stop being the amazing partner you have to been to her. You are an inspiration to who all men should be.  You are BEAUTIFUL BALD! Rock it! You two are amazing! And very lucky to have each other Lots of love!
Aww Bec, truly commend you for sharing such vulnerability, it is so inspiring and will leave such a lasting impact on this community. You make yourself beautiful, through your positive energy and light, and that is something that can never be taken away from you. Thank you both for sharing your journey. ❤️
So much love to you both!
Man I love you guys xxxx you look so beautiful bec. Eamon you are so sweet xxx
All the tears and feels with this one! You are gorgeous and amazingly strong, Bec!! You completely ROCK the bald!! And can I just say, may everyone who goes through a journey like your’s be lucky and blessed enough to have an Eamon of their own by their side!!♥️
Lee is with you, I’m crying with you ❤️. So inspired by your strength, thank you for sharing. Sending healing vibes your way.  And you are so hot with a shaved head, super sexy!! Seriously giving me G.I. Jane vibes
You look great. I believe every woman should shave their head at least once. I hate the circumstances for you but it is liberating and you are so beautiful.
Bless bec. 🙌   My mom went thru the same experience but she did it alone. So big props to my mom. She lives in Florida and I live in New Mexico plus at the time I was taking care of an ill individual as well so I couldn't be with her.  She is currently cancer free going on 5 years.   Love you. ❤ bless. Sending you strength and healing.
I am positive that you will be free of cancer soon.  Sending love from CA. USA
Bec you are truly stunning with no hair, short hair, long hair, everything. Sending love and positive energy!
Love your spirit Bec. You are an amazing person inside and out!!!
I cried all the way through this video with you.  Know that you are loved and supported by so many people. Love the positivity. 💜❤️
Watching this vlog and crying not because I am sad for you but because I am overwhelmed by your love for each other and the beauty in that pure love. I can feel the strength of your love and it gives me HOPE for love to overcome- thank you for that gift! 💜💜💜
When my son was little he had cancer, and we had fun finding crazy hats. His fave had a propeller in top. Reasons to laugh and cry and just feel made life worth holding on to. He's 36 now 😊
Eamon you’re such a keeper and such a sweet support for Bec!  Bec thanks for being so transparent,  you are truly a beautiful person!  I have loved watching your journey for all this time!  Congrats on 1million!
we love ya girl! hugs from europe
You’re beautiful, you’re brave, & you’re strong Bec! You will kick cancer’s butt! 💕💕💕
Bec,  last fall I watched European women getting their hair buzzed.   Fabulous and freeing.  Don't look at this as a illness statement.  Call it a fashion statement.  Sending blessings for you and remember always how very strong you are, even when you aren't feeling it.
You look like imperator furiosa from mad max absolutely bad ass🤘🤘but I’m diggin the cut it’s sexy
You are a #warriorbabe
You look so beautiful Bec! Your story is so amazing and inspiring, thank you for sharing your vulnerability with all of us!
I just want to give you the biggest hug. You’re so beautiful bec.
<3 ...
Everything is going to be fine. I am praying for u
Becca you look beautiful bald. Thanks for sharing your journey. You guys are amazing.
Warrior queen, still beautiful as ever Bec!
Oh sweetie 😘 you are absolutely gorgeous, now everyone can focus on your beautiful face ❤️ you are healing, and your beautiful hair will be back in no time. Praying for peace, blessings and and healing 🤗 and your wig is the bomb!!!
With or without the hair, Bec you look great. Don't think about what others may or may not think about you. Eamon said it best; you don't need hair for love. You 2 got this! Sending good hopes from The Netherlands
Love you guys stay strong 💪 💪💪💪💪
Thanks for sharing this difficult journey, rock on.
You're Beautiful inside and out! 💗 I love watching Y'all
I can't imagine what it feels like to be you at the moment but you look beautiful Bec. Thanks again for sharing xxx
Bec, you look fierce.  You are a warrior.  You’ve got this.
You have a beautifully shaped head. And such support! You will do great.
You look sooo cute bec!!!! You are so pretty, hair is only an added benefit to your beauty ❤️ i love that you get to have a wig with both of your real hair!
Bec you are a beauty no matter what. I cannot even imagine what you are going through except that I also have long hair. But think, no one getting stuck in your arm pit, no more zipper hair. You could totally get a tiny tattoo on your head and it will disappear when your hair grows back, which it will!
Bec’s true beauty comes from the inside. ❤️🥰 The bob is adorable. When your hair grows back, it will be gorgeous. 🙏🏽❤️
Eamon you are an amazing boyfriend! I wish nothing but the absolute best for both of you. You two are going to get thru this stronger than ever💕 thank you for constantly posting to keep us going! We appreciate you both!
Always loving Eamon the nurturing partner. Such an emotional and moving journey.
Wow there are so many brave people on this planet at the moment. You guys are so brave and inspirational. Beck you are beauty outside & especially inside.  You're a perfect match
OMG! You look gorgeous hairless, what a face!! Love watching your love for each other, so inspiring, that is what the world needs, more and more love, thank you ❤️🥰😘
You look so rad with ur hair shaved! Literally like model status 😍
Bec, you are so strong! And Eamon, you are too. I know first hand how difficult watching someone go through this can be. Sending love to you both ❤️
youre beautiful bec, inside out! stay strong girl:) you got this! lets fight this together the whole community is with you:) stay strong and happy forever
Bec is Beautiful Bald!!
Not to put a Debbie downer on the video, but I thought you two were vegan? What is up with the sushi? Then Eamon is wearing a "vegan for everyone" shirt in the next scene after you just said you are eating sushi. Confusing messaging.
Oh my goodness . You are so brave and beautiful. I admire you so much. Both you kids are awesome . Love you so much . 💗
❤️❤️❤️
You are so beautiful without hair. Not everybody can rock a bald head but your killing it. Plus your personality is amazing and your courage inspires me. You are my hero.
you are glowing you both got this gods got this😁
Love you both , you are beautiful people Xx 💋
Too many things to say about your strength and beauty and grief and honesty. So just thank you. Thank you for sharing. Thank you for your bravery. Thank you for your openness to feel all the feels. Thank you for inspiring. Oh and you look fricken rad bald!! Sending all the things for peace and healing. Xo
You are so beautiful!! Love you guys!
Y’all are so great!!! Lots of love & light to you both!!!!!
Bec and Eamon, your positivity sticks with me every week and I attempt to spread it everyday. Thank you for sharing this journey to healing. ❤️❤️❤️
Honesty and vulnerability are beautiful, and they are a gift you share with us.  Sending more love from the survivor side.
YOU ARE SO GOD DAMN BEAUTIFUL BEC. Hair loss or not your spirit is shining through and we all love you so much!! ❤️❤️❤️
BEC YOU ARE AMAZING AND SO GREAT, YOU LOOK AMAZING TOO, EVEN WITH BUZZED HAIR!!!! PLEASE KEEP YOUR HEAD UP AND KEEP GOING!!!! I LOVE YOU BOTH AND WISH ALL THIS TO BE OVER FOR YOU SOON. I KNOW YOU ARE STRONG AND CAN DO THIS GIRL.
"I am bald and I am beautiful" You have a beautiful Soul Bec. You look gorgeous without any hair. Keep on shinning. God Bless you on your journey.
You are brave!  You are strong!  You are beautiful!!!
Cried my eyes out. You are beautiful and strong! Eamon is so loving and thoughtful.
Hi Eamon & Bec! I'm from the Philippines and I'm a huge fan of your vlogs! You guys always make me smile. Bec, you are beautiful with or without hair. You are strong, you are kind, and you will be okay. Itsokay to cry :) Thank you, Eamon for always being there for her. You guys are both brave for sharing this journey. My grandmother is a Breast Cancer survivor for 9 years now... I know it's not easy but I am hopeful things will be okay. Love you guys! Can't wait for your next episode! Stay strong, YOU GUYS CAN DO THIS!!!!
Good luck Bec 🎈
I don’t see balding people and think cancer anymore! It’s a total social shift. Bald is beautiful and acceptable for women now. You still look like Bec but you’ve got a whole new power vibe too. Hair is an experience and your experiences change each day. I wish so much peace and solace for you. Hugs 🤗
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You look beautiful. You’re are very strong.
Your look matches who you are!  Bold, Badass and Beautiful!  You got this Bec!  We all love you so much!
You look great with no hair, you rocking it!!!!   My wife had cancer and is now cancer free for 5 years, hang in there and you are in our thoughts and prayers
I love you two, I am praying for the both of you. Beck you are more than your hair you have a beautiful soul, Eamon is so loving and so supportive I know this is really hard on him too but you will make it through and be stronger for it. Sending good vibes and prayers your way.
I cried so much in this video, seeing bec, who is an absolute bombshell of a woman, look at herself and think she is ugly was just heartbreaking and I just wanted her to have my eyes to see herself the way i do. Bec, you are so beautiful, the hair is not what does it!!! Your spirit is what makes you beautiful. Your outlook, your smarts, your smile and eyes, you are beautiful inside and out.
The loss of hair may let some know you have cancer. It tells me that you're a warrior! You are beyond brave for sharing your journey. Your willingness to be open will have a great effect on others who are facing a similar fight.  The pot for your new plant was the cutest. Good choice Eamon.
i dont know you by im crying with you ........BIG HUGS!!!
You're a beautiful person Bec inside and out  🥰
You look beautiful Bec! You’re just a beautiful person inside and out!
Your amazing! X
You look beautiful Bec 💙
You really do look beautiful with both wigs and bald. Really mean it!!! See you guys next week! 😘
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Hair or no hair you are beautiful Bec.
Bec, you are exquisite at all times, and I agree with Eamon that you look so beautiful and edgy with the shaved head! You can literally pull any style off. But remember that you’re a powerful combination of external and internal beauty—your heart’s radiance is what shines most brilliantly through all of this. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. I pray for you and Eamon often.   On that note, Eamon, you are the most understanding and encouraging partner we could ever ask for for Bec. I’m so proud of your strength and your positive nature. Thank you for modeling such bravery and empathy all at once.   I love you both so much. It’s hard to explain.
♥️♥️♥️♥️
WOW, Bec, you are so incredibly brave for sharing your journey. I have no doubt your bravery will have a profound and positive effect on many other women that are facing the same challenge. Thank you for sharing this and much love to you for being so brave 💜
Bec I cried with you as you where getting your hair shaved but at the same time Eamon is a beautiful soul who loves you so very much and that made me feel so much better. If I ever have to go through what you are going through I just hope I have an Eamon in my life and I look as beautiful as you do with no hair. I am not just saying it you really do have a beautiful face. I am praying for you, all will be good with you.
I'm so sorry you have to go through this. That being said you are amazing! I'm floored. I would hope I would do so well. Bald does look good on you. I loved the short cut as well. I've always been jealous of people who could wear their hair so short and look so good.I want to say thank you for being so strong and taking us with you. Both of you. The way he takes care and takes every step with you. Relationship goals. You are a very good man.
Awww lovely girl! You absolutely rock! ❤️❤️❤️❤️ you are an inspiration to so many young women going through cancer treatment. You are documenting this in real time and I just love you❤️❤️❤️  It’s a different experience for every woman. In the beginning, I remember when I started chemo, my hair started falling out first two weeks and that didn’t phase me at all, I just remember saying to a friend, just shave it off. I felt very liberated by that knowing that actually my hair doesn’t define who I am as a woman (and neither does having a double mastectomy) Cancer certainly wasn’t going to rob me of who I am.   Yet for my gorgeous mum, losing her hair, eye brows and lashes was so devastating because how she presented herself was a large part of her identity as a woman and cancer stripped her of that, she felt so vulnerable. But she was still a beautiful woman inside and out. It is for many a grieving process. 🤗  Your hair will grow back and it won’t be the same. It might be curly and it might be a different colour. You will have a rebirth and you will rise like a Phoenix at the end of this journey.   I am sending you so much love 💕 and positive vibes darling girl. You have got this, remember do what your body tells you, take each day as it comes, no two days will be the same and with all the love, positive thinking of absolutely everyone around you. You will get through this. Believe and have faith sister 😘 😘😘
Beautiful at every length and with none at all, inside and out. ❤💪
You are absolutely beautiful. I have been thinking about you guys so much this week.
Looking Good Bec!  Make Lemonade out of Lemons.  You look gorgeous bald or hairy.  Enjoy the time without having to fuss with all the shampoo and styling, drying etc.  You're powering through the tough stuff and doing so well.  And, you are so blessed to have one strong, bad ass husband who is holding you up and going through this right along with you.  Love to you both.  This too shall pass.  All will be well.  Cling to Christ, Eamon and your family and you've got this!
Bec you r so beautiful inside n out❤🤗😊 and you've got this! 🙏❤🙏
You are beautiful Bec. Hope you both are doing okay. Sending virtual hugs. 🤗 🤗❤️❤️
I love the support you two both bring to each other and we can genuinely feel all the ups and downs. I was sad with you on your hair loss and the cheesin with the plant gift. All my love xx
The red is so you.  Love it.
"I am not my hair". It's your crown and glory but it sits upon a kingdom of love. Sending love from NJ.
Bec you are beautiful with and without your hair!  xx
You both are two beautiful 😍 souls ❤️ thanks so much 🙏 for sharing all that you do and being so vulnerable and real. Love you guys! 😍
Champion !  World Class Person hood.
Oh, Bec! You’re so gorgeous with or without hair! Much love to you and Eamon!   Also, please name one of your wigs Carole Baskins so when you can’t find your wig, you can say “that b!tch Carole Baskins!” 🤣
I cried maybe just as hard with you. Stay strong and remember you are a warrior. Love all the way from South Africa. X
Hey Bec, guess what?..... You still look hot! <333 You're beautiful with or without hair.
You guys 💕♥️💕 You’re amazing, Becs, truly amazing 💪🏼💕💫
Bec, when your hair grows back you have to try that cute bob again!! It’s so stinking cute on you! -and You look BEAUTIFUL bald! Wear your crown proudly, for it will only be for a short time! Continued prays to you guys!! ❤️
Out of all the people rocking no hair,  Bec is looking gorgeous 😍.
You look gorgeous Bec! ❤️💪🏻
You rock that shaved head!!  Not all of us can look as beautiful.. hair or no hair!!
Your radiance comes from within and you are beautiful.
Eamom you’re just the best. So supportive and loving.  Bec your beautiful!! Stay strong we’re praying 🙏
Hello from Ontario also 😊! I'm incredibly proud of how strong you've been on this Journey. 💕 You've got this!! Thank you so much for sharing, I know it can't be easy. I'm rooting for you, and I'm sure your Guardian Angel Lee is watching out for you. You will beat this and come out a stronger person than you already are!
I have no words. 😶😶😶 But to think of a few….from courageous to Eamon’s support to raw and real and Love……is just the few I can come up with. Good bless you and hang in there…both of you❤️
Oh Bec … i cried every time you sobbed when your hair fell ! I wish you all the strength to fight through this and Eamon -  lots of love to you for being so positive !
I cried when you said Lee is here.  She definitely is watching over you 💜
thank you so much for sharing your journey! seeing your strength and the tools you use to keep yourself grounded and to watching you allow your emotions to happen so you can bounce back has been so inspiring! love you lots 💗
What an incredibly brave thing to do to vlog your journey. The hair trimming scene is just raw and brutally honest. My wife had her breast cancer diagnoses on 14 Jan 22, fortunately it looks like she will be dodging chemo. Eamon & Bec, just live each day and comment if you need to chat.
Bec, I can't imagine what your going through, but you are beautiful! Your heart is so good and that is what make you, YOU! Your hair will grow back. Your journey will help so many people. Your in my thoughts and prayers. When you didn't do a video last week, I was worried and I prayed for you. I'm glad your back and cherish these videos, love from Louisiana ❤️
I wish every woman who was going through this had a Eamon! He reminds me so much of my husband who I’ve been married to for 29 years it makes hard things like this just a bit easier when you have that person by your side! Bec I knew you’d be beautiful no matter what’s on your head cause your beautiful outside obviously but your real Beaty is that heart of yours! Stay strong and know you have all your YouTube friends thinking of you daily and we care about you more than you know! ~Hugs~
Bec, you have one of those cute faces, with your big eyes and great smile, that rocks short hair and no hair!  My sister shaved her head with her ovarian cancer, too. It gets easier to deal with, and she even says life is so much easier, not having to deal with hair every morning!  Obviously, the cancer battle and survival is the most important, but we, as women, find our identity through our hair so much, so it truly is a difficult thing to go through.  Eamon....you are fantastic.  Not every woman is lucky enough to have such support.  You got this, guys. You will find that you are stronger than you ever realized.
You are beautiful bald, but even more beautiful is the joy and positivity that you and Eamon have shared with us for years through your channel. Thank you! ☺️
And while your hair was very pretty, the most beautiful thing about you Bec, is your heart. xoxo
There is a unique kind of power without hair. Embrace it.
Keep pushing through Bec! You are strong and beautiful! I pray Jesus helps you through this whole process! Much love!!
This means you are one step closer to healing and getting better! Thank you for sharing this. My Sunday mornings lately have been watching your videos and letting the tears flow as I feel your emotions as you go through this. You are seriously such a bright light in this world. One idea: When you're ready, start planning your next trip. Planning travel can give you so much joy in the anticipation of the future joys. ❤️
You and the whole family are so strong!! bless yall and looking forward to see you kick this cancer in the A*S, Bec <3
Bec you are so amazing and beautiful and kind and strong. No matter what.  And Eamon you are so kind as well to stay strong through this too.  Sending good vibes your way.
Bec You are SOOOOOO BEAUTIFUL 😃... You look like a Millie Bobby Brown on Strangers Things, and when You have a Bob Style really look exactly like Tokio from Money Heist .... I'm conclusion You are perfect 💞 I send You a lot of love
Wow emotional  and touching was this video. Bec, you are such a beautiful and strong woman and Eamon, it is incredible to see how you support Bec in this journey. My heart is with you guys, you got this. xxx
You look great! Stay strong and much love to you 💞
if i had just a tiny amount of your beauty and personality Bec's i would be a very lucky lady. Stay positive and soon you will be back to normal. we are all rooting for you. love the wigs, so you but the bald look is sexy lol xxxx
Sending you both Loads of Love & Light Bec sweetie you are beautiful in every way no matter if you have hair or not. Yous are Amazing Kind Loving Souls & we love you guys💕💞💕
You look absolutely stunning no matter what ❤️ sending love and positive vibes
There's no way that she cannot Inspire other people to be strong and get through things
Bec asking Eamon if he is ok after shaving her head is a true testament to the amazing person she is!!!!
Sending you guys all the love and positive vibes! Thank you for letting us be part of this journey with y’all ❤️
You are beautiful with or without hair!!!! besides... you have a beautiful personality... and That's what matters!!!! sending love...
Bec your stronger than you know. Your rocking the bald. I feel ya.. It's an emotional time and harder then heck to look in the mirror and feel all those emotions. But please know you rocked it. Eamon, you are just the bomb. I wished that all of us that have gone through this or will go through this. Had a support person like you. You raise the bar to where it should be and more. Your heart speaks loudly. Bless your hearts. Pink fam you got this. And know your beautiful, awesome and strong. Keep Rockin It 🎀
You're beautiful and amazing just the way you are. Sending love from the UK💗
Bec looks Beautiful no matter what, HUGS ♥️♥️
You look pretty no matter what. Losing your hair is not losing your personality ❤️❤️ And eamon, you are doing great 💖💖
I know this is hard for you Bec, but you are already overcoming fear by vlogging. Your courage is one to exemplified. Be strong and stay strong. You will overcome. 👁️ Always watching.
I was crying with you the whole time omg I wish I could hold you you are so so beautiful  we love you
I don’t cry much but my heart is so broken and my stomach is so upset watching this video. I feel for you Bec and my prayers for you are constant. Bec you are a beautiful soul with or without your hair.  More women should shave their head so they can see the beauty inside them . I’ve shaved my head a few times because I was upset about something and I felt free of what was bothering me.  I’m so glad you have Eamon. He is a treasure and he adds so much richness to your life. Bless you both.
That Bob was incredibly cute and I’m so glad you took the opportunity to do it when you wouldn’t be scared! 🥂
Bec I cried with you as things were changing for you so quickly, but I am so encouraged to see you embracing it. Hair grows back, but your courage grows stronger. i will continue to pray for your quick recovery.  and Eamon, I'm so proud of you as you continue to be there for Bec... this is not easy for you.  God bless you both... e
Bec, You look amazing! If my ears didn’t stick out, I would, without a doubt, shave my head. Please keep supporting and loving each other. Eamon, Bec needs you and Bec, Eamon needs you. Your on this journey together. So much love and prayers to you both❤️🙏❤️🙏 See you next Sunday‼️🥰
You guys are amazing! And Bec your beautiful bald too❤️hugs and support from Guelph!
You're both lovely and brave and you both rock those wigs.❤
you are so brave. thank you so much for all your openness and sharing your journey. You look awesome without the hair. Rocker Chick. Super super chique. love it. send you all the love, power and patience to beat this ff.....
Sending love to you both ❤️❤️
Eamon,,,you are doing great ,,I'm sure you have ur moments ,,you are her rock  ,I know you know that ,you are a good man , you are doing everything you can ,,take one day at a time,,,talk to God ,ask him to help y'all ,,you through each day 🙏. Talk to him ,,he's there,,,,when you get angry ,,tell him about it,he will listen ,,I promise,,I have medical problems and I could die any day,,,,so they told 5yrs ago ,,,but by the grace of God ,my father in heaven,,,my lord and savior,,,I'm living and still working and doing all the things they said I'm not suppose to do ,,so talk to your father in heaven,,he loves both of y'all and wants you to keep on enjoying life , y'all have a blessed day 🙏
you are so beautiful inside and out 💝
You are strong, you are young, you are a beautiful woman !  You will get through this . Sharing your journey is incredibly brave .
you know bec i shaved my head during last year of my med school as i was suffering from so many diseases and was actually struggling with depression.it was hard at first few days probably a day or 2 but then wow man!!!! i felt sooooo empowered that i Don't need to look a certain way to look beautiful or feminine. also i was way more happy because i don't have to comb them thousand times a day, no more hair wash, no time taking hair care ritual, no more hairs on my face while sleeping plus i can try thousands of new hair styles when they would grow back like from bobcut to pixy cut to apple cut to what not n i did embrace each phase of it also it did helped me alot to get over my depression.Also, soooo many boys literally complimented me that i do look cute in no hair or boy cut. so from my experience i can say it's a kind of cool  because now you have got a whole new zone to play around with. by the way you are literally looking badass sexy with shaved head 😍 love you girl lots of good health and blessings to you people get well soon 😊 love from india 🇮🇳 ♥🇨🇦
Bless You!
Bec you are so beautiful !! Every time I watch you I cry with you . Eamon  has been amazing with you through this . I will keep praying for you .
Comment 2: can everyone just stop a minute and send love to Eamon - you are being the most wonderful, supportive, thoughtful and loving partner ever. (Don't forget that you need support too buddy, sending you love too)
Ok Bec, You look like you are a badass MMA fighter! I love the Badass look, because I could never rick it, but you.. BADASS!
You are such a beautiful human Bec. Inside and out. Of all the worries, your first thought was being close to Lee. It's really admirable. You got this girl!  Eamon, you're a dream. I love your ability to joke but show the most love and support at the same time.   Pure, is the only word I can think of that describes what I'm watching. Pure love.
So good to see how you are. Healing peaceful prayers continue.
Oh my God Bec you look absolutely stunning with no hair. Like a chic parisian woman I think. 'You' make you beautiful, not your hair x You & Eamon are beautiful people & I wish you all the best of luck for the rest of this journey xx
dang Bec you look good, go girl rock that hairstyle!
Oh Bec!  I’m crying along with you which is a testament to how much we all care about you!  You’re a wonderful and strong human and will get through this.  LOVE YOU and wishing you many peaceful, happy days.
Girl your gorgeous bald! GI Jane vibes you got this!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you are absolutely rocking this!! And Eamon, damn I wish I'll one day find a man like you, you are so strong through all of this!! Oh and Bec remember to keep breathing when you feel you need to cry.😘 When you where shaving your head I saw you holding your breath. Always keep breathing, it'll feel better that way, I promise. ❤ You're slayiiiing this guys, love you!!!❤❤❤❤
I cry with you.   Congratulations on your 1 million mark.  Love you both ❤️
I hope you can see now how beautiful you really are. The hair was great but now you are a powerful warrior babe.  Sending you both love and healing vibes💫💫💫🙏🙏💕💕👏👏🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻
You guys. Oh my. You make me cry, laugh, smile, and yeah a few more tears, but then good feeling tears if you know what I mean. Bec, you're a beauty no matter whats going on in your life. Your light is shiney bright. Eamon, you are a flippin' hoot. Oh and yeah Bec! You've got an awesome shaped head! You can pull off bald. It's like perfectly formed!  Be well..Love from Massachusetts
Wow Bec, you have a beautifully shaped head to go along with everything else beautiful in you! Keeping prayers and positive vibes for you!
Bec you look so beautiful! Bald is so trendy girl! I totally get how you were feeling with having your identity attached to your long healthy hair it’s something I’m lucky to have as well. The good news is it will grow back and I’ve always enjoyed wigs so I hope you can find some enjoyment in the hair stage your in. You guys are so kind and considerate of each over its beautiful. Eamon your so supportive for Bec god bless you. your so lucky to have found each other in this crazy world. Sending you guys love and well wishes *hugs*
Eamon, you are the BEST partner.
Honey, you look gorgeous bald. I looked like Uncle Fester from the Addams Family. All I needed was a long black robe. I would've had a great costume. My face was swollen from the steroids adding to the look. However, my skin was beautiful after chemo, and my very straight, thin, fine hair came in thick, and curly! It was hilarious to me! I had much better hair after it grew back.
brave and beautiful!  xo  P.S. I have a mole too same spot.
My sister had waist length hair…..it disintegrated in the shower after her 3rd chemo treatment…..I also have waist length hair so I could relate….after her treatments it all grew back quickly…but it was curly and thick….it was awesome…sadly my sis my twin did not survive …her hair became her crown during her fight to survive….you have a beautiful shaped head and you are going to rock that look…especially when you are cancer free….your cap with the hair on it was identical to one my sis had….stand strong .. wear your bald look as the goddess you are….this is survival at its best….🥰
It is not your hair that makes you beautiful it is who you are that does! Your strength is amazing!
You are Brave and you are Beautiful Bec. You are kind and you are so supportive Eamon. Thank you both for sharing this journey. Sending hugs, Kim
Having an Eamon is the secret ingredient to life. He never lied and everything he says is so genuine. Bec you look awesome and as always an absolute warrior ♥️
I'm so glad to view this video. I've been looking every day to see if there is anything. Bec you are stunning bald! You're going to be just fine.vIm sending prayers, love and light to you. Love you Bec love you Eamon💐💞
you both are so brave in sharing your story and i'm sure so many people are grateful for it. much love to the both of you. Bec I know you spend time reading the comment so big hugs  😃
Your so beautiful Bec and Eamon is so very supportive and loving. We all love you both and sending prayers for you both as you go through this journey. Love the videos you are making about this tough journey.
You are a strong, beautiful warrior Bec.  You are going to kick this monster and come out stronger on the other side.  I let my hairdresser use the clippers on my hair two weeks ago.  I thought of you while she did it.  Yes, I have more hair than you but your hair will grow back and you will be stronger for it.  Please give your mom and dad a big hug for me.  I am a mom of two grown kids and I know how hard it would be for me to be strong.  Eamon is a powerhouse and your rock.  Sending love, strength and love to all of you.  Namaste…. - Kelle in Massachusetts ❤️
Bec, you know not many people that looks good with long, short and shaved head. And YOU can rock them all
Bec we love you!!!!❤❤❤😁 If you want a little care package sis i need your po box!❤❤😁
You are beautiful with or without hair!!! Greetings from Chili, everything will be ok.
You look so adorable with the short bob!!! The scarf was really cute too! You can pull off so many styles and still look great!
I'm with Eamon it looks rad. Like a super sexy woman with bags of confidence. It suits you, it does help that you're so beautiful of course X Sending strength.
Dear Bec, love you and you look amazing no matter what! You two are so great and I'm sending you lots of love and wish you a life full of health and positivity♥
Thank you for being so honest and vulnerable with all of us. You are so beautiful Bec ❤️❤️❤️
I can only dream of finding what you two have. Everything will pan out for you guys I know it! Lots of love and hope coming your way!  Much love!!!
You look stunningly beautiful Becs, truly. You're brave & gorgeous & strong. Eammon,  you're doing an awesome job taking care of her. It must be incredibly tough watching your girl hurting & scared. The love you have for each other is honestly one of the most inspiring things I've ever seen.   You both rock xx
Hugs💕💕💕💕sending you both prayers strength and positive energy!
Sending so much love to the both of you!!! You are so beautiful with Or without hair, thank you for sharing this vulnerable time with all of us 🙏
You look amazing! Beautiful and strong!
Love you Bec you are absolutely beautiful inside and out stay strong,  Eamon you are the best Love you guys to Life💖 Love/Light🥰🤗
After watching your video, I immediately went to my mother and hugged her. I was so overwhelmed with happiness to have a person in my life who I know will never leave my side and will always be my partner in crime. Just like you, Bec, have Eamon. Thank you for sharing this video.
Hi Bec, my daughter Natasha advocating for kids fighting cancer as she herself was fighting DIPG brain cancer, she vlogged and blogged - check her out I hope she inspires and encourages, she is praying for you from heaven!  https://youtu.be/umYhcyqFcnw
My bald head was pretty too. Don’t be surprised if it grows back curly, mine did. I had a hard time with the wig, so I chose to wear hats. So if the wigs are not comfortable, don’t be afraid to wear hats or scarves. You got this
You look absolutely stunning, this is absolutely true not only support! We admire you so much for being so brave and positive,inspiring so many people! Keep it going Bec we are all with you❤️❤️❤️
Out of love, I will be unsubscribing. After losing my mom to a 5 year battle with pancreatic cancer it is NO JOKE. Ik that vlogging has become a routine part of your life but consider taking time away from the camera to completely maximize your time spent loving and healing. You might think youre leaving behind memories in case you die but if you die there is no doubt the people left behind will be wondering what more they could’ve done. And watching these videos that had been posted in real time will just be eerie for your family and followers. And perhaps broadcasting your soul for the internet and money isn’t helping you heal. Especially since the focus of each video is your illness, the emotions, and pain. Just doesnt seem healthy for a sick woman. I really love you guys and hope you make a full recovery Bec 💕
You look like Karen Carpenter! You both may be too young to know her but look her up. You'll be shocked!
Sending love to you both! Thank you for sharing your journey. You two are amazingly strong and beautiful inside and out!
Bec you are rocking the bald look. I love it. Stay positive
Put some lippy on Bec, lippy always makes you feel and look more finished off. I think shaved heads look great anyway. X
I cried with you😭
I never comment on videos but today I cried with you and smiled at the way Eamon is the image of how my husband would carry on just like he did. You are blessing our world by sharing these moments... thank you.
It’s is insane that it looks exactly like your hair. My goodness
Just Love for you both 💛
Thank you for sharing your journey! That’s really brave and strong thing to do… You look amazing bald!
Bec you are so amazingly beautiful ❤️ Thoughts and prayers 💗 you can beat this ❤️
We love you ❤️
You look fantastic bald and I love how you took control and did it yourself instead of waiting for it to fall out. You are strong and beautiful and years from now this will be just a small bump in your long journey of life ❤
Dude!! The bald head looks so freaking good on you! Was recently in a gas explosion that burned a lot of my hair, to include my eyebrows and eyelashes. Forced an unwilling hair journey as well but I am happy to say I was very surprised how much I ended up loving the short bob I never would've gotten on my own. Sending you all the love ❤️❤️❤️
I THINK YOU'RE ROCKING NO HAIR!!!! I LOVE IT!🥳🌻💗😁😍🥰🤩💛 KEEP UP YOUR BRIGHT SPIRIT! LOVE SEEING THOSE SMILES! EAMON YOUR DOING SO GREAT! KEEP IT UP BUDDY!🤗😁
Bec you are absolutely beautiful! You are rocking the bald look! You look much better without hair than I ever could with hair!
Eamon my thoughts and prayers for you and Bec.  You are strong for both of you guys. Who take care of what you are going through this journey. Mosselbay South Africa
Both of you are beautiful in every way.  So is the dog.
This was kinda hard for me to watch at times.  I'm a beast cancer survivor so I truly understand your struggle.  Stay strong Bec you're beautiful with and without hair and it grows back which gives you something to look forward to. Love you my  breast friend forever (bff).❤
Sending all the love to you both ❤️!!
Gosh what a goddess queen! Bec you are so beautiful. I can feel how much you both love each other 💜 And can we talk about how much Eamon loves you!! Sending happy and healing energy your way!
Good vibes and so much love to you. ♥️
Hey Eamon bro u should shave ur head to as well to make Bec feel much better
You are so beautiful. ❤❤❤
Love you guys!
Seriously, Bec, you look like a badass.  Love you guys.❤❤
Oh Bec my heart is broken for you 😭but your beauty comes from within as well. You are a strong beautiful woman with or without hair! ❤❤❤
You. Are. So. Brave. This is not a journey many people would share. And YOU ROCK that shaved head!!!!
You're beautiful Bec
oh Eamon, when you gave Bec her present that hit me right in the feels. Bec, your wig looks really just like you and suits you really well but long hair, short hair or shaved, you look beautiful no matter what
You are beautiful! You both are!
You look beautiful with no hair be strong we are all wishing you love and happiness ❤
Omg you are so so beautiful 😍
You look absolutely stunning with a shaved head. Compliments your facial features perfectly. In a way I think you look even better than with long hair!
you are beautifil
I wish I could just reach through the screen and hug you. You're so strong and beautiful; truly a shining light. And Eamon, Bec is so blessed to have you. You two show what true love and partnership should be. You'll get through this without a doubt. I look forward to watching baby Eamon and Becs running around. Sending stranger love and hugs from afar. <3 <3
You dont need hats, wigs or scarves your beautiful without. Dont hide your beauty unless your heads cold like me. Good look with everything from Chris in the UK, god bless x
You two are the rad ones! Many, many, many, blessings. Love, Love you both.💞
Now THAT is a damn fine noggin!!!
Comment 1: Bec, your beauty shines through with or without hair. Sending you lots of love and healing vibes 💗
💕stay 💪both of u!!
You look badass Bec, YOU are BEAUTIFUL!  You've GOT THIS!  Sending love from Toronto.
❤
You look.always sexy and beautifol!!!😚🤗💚🌍🍀♾🌺🌞
You look beautiful,  just keep having postive thoughts and keep looking forward. :)
You are gorgeous Bec….and Eamon you are one amazing partner! Sending so much love & good vibes to you both!! 💕🥰
You are so beautiful bec your strong. You got this 👍
Bec you are such a pure heart. I talk with my daughter about you all the time…she’s a nurse. I’m praying hard for you. You’re such a motivating soul. Thank you for sharing such a private journey. You’re so very brave.
I literally gasped when Bec tried the wig on because it looks so good!!!!! also loving the short hair!
With you all the way.  You are beautiful with or without hair and you have an amazing personality......you will both get over this.  Lots of love x
You are truly beautiful—inside and out. And thru your willingness to share both your vulnerability and strength, we have the honor of bearing witness to your courage on this journey. And yes, as others have said, knew you would look gorgeous and badass as a bald woman—and you do! Love and blessings to you both! Your love for each other is an inspiration.
You are both so wonderful big hugs xx
Bec’s smile and the natural joy in her eyes is just amplified with the bald fit!
I have a mole like that too! A third brain lol.  You look stunning bald!!!
I always thought shaving your head as a woman was the ultimate badass thing to do.  You look incredible! <3
Hair today, gone tomorrow. Rok on...LIVE on!
Omg! Bec you look absolutely beautiful!!! My partner and I are in love with your channel and have been with you since the very beginning. The memories and fun, hard times. This video just shows how raw and loving  you both are and I love that about you guys. Much love xo to you both ❤
You guys are my favorite Canadians, Adventurers, Vanlifers, Repa's,Cottagers,Renovators , Dog Foster parents, Cancer Victims, Now lets add Cancer Survivors and Parents! Go Bec and Eamon. Your loved!
I think that both things cut to the quick. I wish you strength and a joyful life after you get through this ordeal. Amazingly, your face and generally look has not changed without the hair! You are totally recognizable and look very pleasant! Not everybody's face could do that! But I feel deeply for you, and hope this whole affair passes more quickly than expected. ♥️
You are beautiful bec then now and always 💕 you guys
You're so cute ❣️❣️ and beautiful
Unity , support, positivity most of all loads of endless love 😘 your husband and your family and all of us are rooting for you Non-Stop your job is to stay positive!! You both are  such a strong team together 💪  together you're going to beat the crap out of this and a year from now this will be a vague memory .  I'm so happy you got your doggy b Bear best support system.
You’re still so beautiful Bec the Babe xx
Hair will grow again, don't worry Bec! You are so pretty anyway so focus on your health now! Edmon, cut you hair too so that will be a great team! I will love to see you like that too! God bless you and don't worry Bec! I love you! Hello from Minnesota!!💕💕🙏
What a Goddess you are, Bec! Warrior level embracing of change, you really do look beautiful! Good to see Eamon looking stronger too, bless him, watching can be so much harder than doing. Sending so much love and the biggest of strength filled hugs to you both! ❤️
You look so amazing bec! You‘re such a badass! 😍👏🏻💪🏼
I have a mole just like that on my head! I feel you about it. You look absolutely stunning! 😍
You're an example. Thank you for showing us that. Send you love 💖
Wow again you two are amazing I love how you support each other so much. Even when you are going through such a tough time I love that you are able to share some lighthearted moments such as eamon trying on the hair too.  So inspiring. 💝
Bec, you are so cute!  You are a strong advocate for people going through the same situation. Sending you love and light and blessings from Oakville Ontario.💕🇨🇦🥰
Bec you ROCK!!❤
Eamon got new toy there 😂 and bec, you are an angel, you are beautiful from within. your heart describe more about you than your appearance. We love you, always. ❤️❤️❤️
Beck you have a great head for wearing it bald, you are so lucky. Hey, Eamon can do a henna tattoo on your head. Lol Y'all are strong and beautiful and so proud of you.
❤from Sweden
Sweetie, if it’s any consolation, your hair will grow back. At 75, I say a sad farewell to every hair I lose! ☹️ Loved the bob.
You really do look beautiful. Honestly, you look really bad ass. Sending you all of the positive thoughts.
oh Bec, you're the most beautiful human being inside and out.. I have never come across someone so strong as you are.. Sending love and prayers from India <3
You are beautiful, both of you inside and out. Although in tears 10 seconds in, I've gotten to know two amazing women here who also rock balledness. Niether were sick, it was a personal choice. Sporting a collection of wigs and looks. Cancer sucks. Get some edibles 🤪
I'm a longtime subscriber and have never commented before. I was diagnosed with colon cancer on 9/10/21 and had surgery plus I just finished my 6th of 12 chemotherapy rounds. My chemo drugs and side effects aren't as intense as yours but still aren't fun, none of this has been easy. I want you to know that you are strong and you will get through this. Focus on your blessings and receive every moment with gratitude, and the fear and suffering will pass. I admire you sharing this journey with us. Your talents as a storyteller are touching our hearts and minds, and you are more beautiful and graceful than ever. As you go through this, your vision of who you really are, and what is important in life will come tightly into focus. Wishing you every blessing!
Bec and Eamon I am so inspired by how you both are doing on this cancer journey.  Bec, you truly are beautiful without your hair.  I know your hair was such a part of you and yet you are adapting to how things are now so well. Your smile is even brighter now if that is even possible. Hugs and much love to you both. ❤️
Powerfull vlog my friends! Life is hard, you guys are harder! You look like a super model! I am bald too, and a man of 52! I am poet, and did not know it. Lol! Be brave, be safe, be true!
Gorgeous and brave young woman, love from Dunning in Scotland.  Xxxxxxx
I can’t begin to know how you must be feeling Bec, but I want you to know that you’re gorgeous woman!  You’re gorgeous and strong!!!!  You’re braveness in sharing your vulnerability is beyond inspiring bc we all have feelings somewhat similar to this, every single one of us!  But now a days soooo many people only share the “good” things in their lives over social media. You are such an amazing soul and I’m so grateful for you!  You brighten my day every Sunday. Thankyou and many many blessings to you and Eamon!  Eamon, your awesome too!!!  Love and light😘😘
You look so beautiful!
I am so moved by your bravery to share your journey. I cried with you Bec, as a woman with long hair, because I felt your pain. I have always said “it’s just hair and it will grow back” but I shared in your reaction and tears as I feel that I might feel the same way you did. I am moved by the love you two share and while I have been a subscriber for while, I have never left comment. But today I felt compelled to say thank you for all that you both have shared with us!  I am sending all the love and healing vibes I can for your speedy recovery and returning to good health. I also want to send love and strength for Eamon in this journey; you are truly an incredible partner and support system! ❤️
I found your videos from cancer searching.  I’ve binge watched all and so happy I found you. Thank you for sharing your cancer journey .  It’s so nice to learn what I will be going through.  I’m right here behind you on the same adventure of fighting the big battle that I intend to WIN 🌸
Love and light girl ❤️
Bec, thank you so much for sharing. You are so beautiful inside and out. Your bravery is heartfelt. You got this girl!
Bec you look awesome with no hair! You're so beautiful you can pull off anything
Love and prayers for strength and healing.
Crying with you ❤️ you guys are amazing, and Bec you are the strongest and most beautiful woman! Such an inspiration. Always praying for you both. Xo
Oh my heart. You guys have told such fabulous stories on your million subscriber journey, and this one is so raw and vulnerable. I applaud you for sharing. I think you are inspiring and beautiful. 💐💐
Bec hair is not who you are.You are beautiful with your head shaved. Some people can’t say that but you can your face is so pretty I don’t even look at your hair.When you go out if you don’t feel right flip on the wig it looks so much like your hair I was impressed. Love and hugs sweety I’m glad your parents are with you .You have a strong support system. Prayers for all this to be over for you. Can’t wait for the next video I love seeing you two.Did Kara and Nate come to see you  they also are an awesome couple. Stay strong sweety and keep smiling and laughing it does the soul good to be happy. Hope to see you soon.
Good idea, Eamon!  Vibes should be the name of the wig.
I’d say I cried too much but I actually Think it was just right. I can feel it bec I’m here for you. I know you don’t know who I am. But your relationship reminds me of mine and I have been following for a long time now. I relate to you so much. You inspire me daily to be the best version of myself and god forbid anything like this happened to me or my loved ones I’d hope I have the strength to venture through it with the monumental grace that you have trounced through this hard time with. I pray for you. Love you Bec & Eamon
Your love for each other is a testament to true love!! And with that, anything is possible!!❤️❤️❤️
Bec. Thanks for sharing your journey. Emon. As a former hairdresser I have shaved heads of friends with cancer. I know how hard it is on both. Stay strong both you you!!💕💕
Eamon, you're such a wonderful husband and support to Bec! ❤  And Bec, you look incredible!!!! And to both of you, your love and positive energy is going to be just as potent as the chemo! You're going to rock this! ❤
Wow what a journey. All the best with everything guys. - Munk.
She does look cute bald!
You are brave and stong Bec . Eamon you are so lucky to have a love like you two have. Xx
ok im commenting while watching the head shave.... you look PHENOMINAL Bec, i know it is a massive step and a massive shock to the system because even though you 'know' the hair will fall out it still hits like a punch to the gut, stay strong and know that you ROCK the bald look. send love from UK XXXXX
Bec, your strength shines through your beauty.  Thank you for sharing your very personal journey with us.  Congrats on hitting g a million!
I’m so inspired by you both. Thank you for sharing your journey and life with the world. 💓
You look SO BADASS it's incredible. Such a warrior, you guys are awesome ❤️🙌🏻
You look like Eleven!!! So Badass 🤘🏼
Beautiful inside and out ❤️
You look amazing!!! I’m really looking forward to the different personality’s of the different styles 😁😂👍🏻 sending a lot of love to the two of you 🥰
Absolutely beautiful, inside and out. Your strength is shining! Sending all the love and goodness from Oklahoma! 🤍
Such a beautiful and strong woman, inside and out! Sending you so much love and prayers on this journey and thank you for sharing it with us. Such an empowering couple! <3
I showed my bf a video clip of you without hair and his reaction was " wow! some people cannot pull off being bald but FUCK does she rock it. wow. she's still very attractive. I hope she sees that one day."  and i completely agree with him! you are fucking rocking the bald look! you've got a great head shape for it and everything. Love it!
i’ve missed many of the vids, can someone tell me when they get a dog??
Brave warrior couple! You are both beautiful and are finding gifts in even the hardest of times. God bless you.
Sending love from Malawi Africa
You’re so beautiful, inside and out, with and without hair! Thank you for sharing your journey with us - always sending you much love and strength ❤️❤️❤️
Chemo shows how insecure we all are as man and woman and once you get through this stage you will become stronger than you ever thought you could be. Eamon when Bec said how are you doing your mouth said one thing but your face said different, be strong be safe and be happy, much love from the UK.
Sending you positively that you have sent our way, you both empower. 💕
I don’t even know you and I’m sitting here far away from you in France and I’m crying watching this video… You are so brave and I really admiring you and your attitude. I’m sure you will be ok once all this will end. I’m sending you a billion of hugs from France 🇫🇷 🥐 🍷😘
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Morning, after watching kara & nate video, it is your turn on your journey on becoming a survivor  Love your hair with your personality
Laughing AND crying with you at the salon, in the tub, in the bathroom with the clippers, on the couch... I think what Eamon is trying to tell you is how BEAUTIFULLY BADASS you look, Bec.  REALLY.   Oh how I hope you're talking with Aimee about those wig ideas, you have a ready made friend with sooooo much experience. xoxoxo  Eamon, there could NEVER be a more supportive partner. Sending you love and strength too.   PS Why is Oso wearing a cone?
I feel like I’m going through the journey all over again that I did with my daughter. I shaved her head and she was 31 years old. It was the hardest thing I ever did in my life. But she looks like Jasmine from Disney. She looks so gorgeous bald. Get your ears pierced a bunch of times where are beautiful earrings. You look stunning. Embrace it.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I am in awe of your authenticity.  YOU ARE GORGEOUS BEC!  We love you both so much and Oso of course.  You are both the truth and the light and I am honored to have found your channel.  Healing Prayers Sweet Bec! ❤️ 🙏
We all love you so much! You are so strong! I think you should name to wig harry! Lol
The shaved head makes you look strong and fierce and beautiful!
💕
Literally broke out in tears when she turned around with her wig. Oh my Goodness that hit right the feels, looked just like Bec pre cancer. 🥺😭
Sending prayers for health and healing.  Everyone should have a husband like yours
Bec you look SOOO beautiful 😍🥰❤️❤️
Love you guys!!!
Your beautifull embrace it. With love ❤
You're a truly beautiful angel Bec and Eamon is the most caring, fun and perfect match for you. Take care both and congratulations! 👏☀️🤍
You’re strong Bec 💪🏻 we love you xx
You are so beautiful inside and out. I love seeing your updates. Thanks to both of you for letting us into your lives and being so real and honest. I love seeing your relationship and how you care so much for each other. Stay strong. You are beautiful.
I like your hair shorter than longer...it looks thicker and has more style! Just cute!
You cry, I cry. But I am sending you strength and love. You are so beautiful bald!!!!❤️❤️and Eamon is so wonderful. 💪
your happiness even in the worst of times really shows what kind of person you are bec. you are gorgeous inside and out. ♥
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I think you two are modern day super-heroes??? ❤❤❤Always admiring the way you approach life, but more, the way you show up for each other. Especially in this chapter. Sending 🌞🌞🌞.
Have a mole too Bec . I part my hair on the side to hide it.  I understand so much how you feel dear sweet girl. It will grow back .. and you are beautiful inside and out..  🙏🏻❤️🙋🏻
You are so beautiful 🥰
You’re so beautiful!!!! You’re so strong! I know some days it doesn’t feel like it. But you are! You are loved!
HUGS
Hey Bec, you are always beautiful inside out,.   Hey bruh, I can’t imagine how strong you are facing this journey, you got my respect bruh Em, so proud of you.   Love you both! And Lee, dont be jealous, i love you too… 😘
You guys are amazing. It’s so admiring the strength you both have. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.❤️
Can Bec be anymore beautiful!?!?! Inside and out. Gorgeous couple. Keep slaying.
You can pull together any style because your beauty is come from with in, and the is the reason I love you, Blessings 🙏🏼❤️
Thank you for sharing your story! Eamon you are so supportive in everything and Bec, you are absolutely stunning inside and out!!!!
Wishing you guys all the best. This brings back so memories of my mom and her battle with cancer .  Congratulations on a million subscribers. You look great bald. And love Eamon's new do lol
Yess Tokio 🥰
So much love from Germany for both of you guys ❤️
Sending love and hugs 🤗
🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻🌻 I cried through the whole video, Ive been following for years and I am just so taken aback by your strength Bec and Eamon also though this journey. I think of you often throughout my week and I am sending you positive vibes from Portland Oregon! 💓
Wow , i cant watch this...
❤️❤️❤️
Its ok to cry ❤️❤️❤️. You look so beautiful ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are so beautiful! Eamon you are the best supportive buddy!
If you didn’t love ❤️ this couple before, how can you not. Bec you are truly beautiful inside and out. You are a survivor not a victim.
We love you both so much! The most Bec thing in the whole video is when she just gets her head shaved, sad and distraught and she looks in the mirror at Eamon and says "are you ok?"  THAT is the truest measure of who she is and they are together. Holding on and loving each other regardless.   Ps - wig names: Rowena (because she's a beautiful raven colour), Freya (norse god of love, beauty and fertility), Valerie (french for strength)
You guys are SO sweet! I wish you guys the absolute best. Bec you look absolutely amazing, so don’t doubt yourself. Best of wishes to you both, sending love from the West of Canada!
You and Eamon are all the beautiful things in this world.  I am thankful for having found your channel.  Each episode makes me smile that there are wonderful people like you. ♥️
We love you Bec! Please stay strong! Sending good vibes❤️❤️🇨🇦🇨🇦
Bec you're a beautiful lady inside and out   . Sending lots of love from the uk 🇬🇧 💗
Seriously, Bec, you are one of those rare people that a shaved head looks good on; you are beautiful! And yup, we’re all crying with you.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Such a tender sweet video. Love and hugs to you both. Bec is amazing looking... gorgeous inside & out. Eamon';s support and personality shines through also !
Bec your are beautiful just the way you are 💕  You look like a beautiful bad a** chick who's ready to kick cancer's butt.
One reason I watch your videos besides the amazing adventures and the desire I have to travel like you both. Which I believe I will one day. 😉 Is because of the positivity and joy you both have. It shines bright. Everyone that watches your videos sees the beauty inside and out. Bec you are beautiful no matter what. Together you guys do amazing things bringing beauty and joy into this world. I keep telling myself when I grow up I want to be beautiful and positive like you both. I've reached adulthood. So you guys are an amazing example and reminder to me to be and do better and to shine with happiness and positivity everyday. And that even in the little moments or hard moments there is beauty. That is what I've learned watching you both. I'm sure these days are hard at times and I pray for peace and health at this time for you both. Thank you for sharing your love for each other and just being you. You are a beautiful blessing. Best wishes to you both.
i know it might not be the best way to have found out, and when you're fully recovered you might never do it again, but you look AMAZING with a shaved head!!!! like bruh it looks good, and the bob short cut looked unreal too!!!!
Showing your authentic vulnerability is so brave and strong to me. Thanks for sharing your personal experience through this tough chapter. You’re beautiful no matter what inside and out Bec. Sending so much love to you both ❤️❤️❤️
You actually look like a badass model with shaved head. Eamon is right, badass :) Like for real!
Oh My Gosh Bec!!!! You have the most amazing smile and eyes! You never need hair, your physical beauty is simply an added bonus, because your beauty clearly comes from within. MUCH LOVE to you on this journey, I know you are strong and with Eamon, Oso, your families, and Lee behind you... well you will be back to your former physical health in no time.
You are beautiful.  Inside and out.  You're going to have bad days, but thats ok. You will have more good ones. You've Always been such a possitive light in the world.
You two are such incredible souls for sharing this journey. So much love!
Bec you are seriously so beautiful no matter what. You are one strong and amazing woman. 💗
Thank you for taking us along this journey with you Bec 🥺 feel so honoured to hear your story and to be able to support you during this vulnerable time. Thinking of you and sending you strength and all the good vibes ❤️
My fav people.
Oh Beck, I so feel for you. I don't think anyone understands until it happens to them. Our hair is an identifying factor, very personal, very private and makes us who we are .... among a thousand other things. When I lost mine it was knee length. I pampered it for 20 years and it was my glory. Well, it does grow back. These things we must go through in life are specialized and no one is exactly like the next person. We are, however, in this thing together, and you are not alone. Love and blessing to you and Eamon ... he is there for your strength.
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You are so so strong
Your hair to you means a lot because it’s part of your identity. But to Eamon and us, it’s just hair. None of us care if you have it or not. Your hair is not why we like you. We like you because what’s inside of you. And that hasn’t changed.
I’m just thinking how as women we all have this attachment to our hair ! So weird but it’s  a 100% true  I’m glad you have eamon with you for this journey he’s for sure your person and so positive  I see the love every day and thank you for showing us what a healthy relationship looks like during a time when you need someone to lean on  His positivity is contagious I’m happy for you in that respect  Keep on keeping on bec have u in our prayers
You are gorgeous!! Hair will grow back, you'll get super healthy again and life will go on! Trust the process and stay strong! There is nothing you can't do or can't fight, always remember that. You are super inspiring!!! We are here for you!!!! MUCH LOVE  💗
I have a mole in the same spot! I have shaved my head quite a few times. So much love for you guys.
I didn't think I could watch this (I'm sorry) you're just such a lovely couple and seeing one of you go through this is heartbreaking to me .. God only knows how friends and family feel.. there's no way we can't all feel proud of you though Bec, you're doing amazingly well .. I'm sure there's parts that we don't see that are real low days but overall you've shown what a strong and beautiful woman you truly are.. keep doing what you're doing and this time next year you'll probably be back to your old self .. lots of love ❤
Sending love and healing thoughts to both of you.
I’m only through the introduction and already ugly crying. You’re so beautiful, inside and out 💗
Bec I would not be surprised if you get a modeling contract after this! You have the most beautiful head shape & beautiful skin & a beautiful energy!! You sharing this incredible traumatic & life altering experience is so brave & I can assure you that your bravery is contagious. I’m sending you all the positive vibes I have in my soul!!! Xoxo 💜💜💜  And having a variety of wigs can really spice things up in the sheets too!! Lol. You can be a different lady everyday of the week!
My God you are both so beautiful inside and out.  Thank you for providing a calming safe harbour to those of us  also on our very personal journeys. Your inner strength emanates from you both and it knows no bounds.
❤️
Bec, you’re so magnetic to watch and to listen to. I honestly feel you may have a new calling in life, and that is to help others going through trauma. The way you authentically share yourself, and the way you break down your feelings step by step, is amazing. I’m going through something far less traumatic, but you’ve made me feel a million times better. Thank you ♥️♥️ You’re so relatable!!! Sending you both loads of love and support ♥️
You are so beautiful, Bec!  You look just as beautiful with your new hair style! Please get some WATERMELON by your next chemotherapy.  You will be amazed how good it will taste to you.  I had very intense chemotherapy in 1979 when I had leukemia.  WATERMELON was the only thing that really tasted good and felt good to me.  Years later after becoming a Licensed Acupuncturist and doing advanced study to work with cancer patients, I learned that watermelon is one of the best and favorite foods for people doing chemotx.  But when doing radiation treatment, ask the radiologist about the timing of watermelon because it can lessen sunburn due to the lycopene.
Btw, that’s a great wig!!!!
I'm there with ya Bec. I had short hair to begin with and never had the courage to shave my head. I let it fall out and then shaved the few off that hadn't. Interestingly, there were quite a few resistant ones, I thought I looked like a baby orangutan, but not quite as cute, LOL. I told myself at the beginning that it won't effect me, it's just hair, but it ended up practically being the thing I was most upset about. Like you said, it's a glaring marker when you're out in public that you're a cancer patient. You don't want to be viewed as a cancer patient first but as a person first. Big heads are great!! Mine is small and pointy, not that attractive bald, but I still had to embrace it. The head pot for the plant Eamon bought, awwww.
You are both so brave and kind to each other.  So beautiful.  Sharing your truth is helping so many people.. 😘
Bec, you are so beautiful on the inside and outside, you practically glow!  Funny about the mole, I was going to suggest you look in to having it removed now since you wouldn't have to cut your hair to do it... 3... 2... 1... You are having the mole removed.  😆  Now it is one thing you can thank cancer for helping you through.  I grew up with a mole on my jaw line, hated it every day I had to look at it.  I had it removed years ago and I am so glad it is gone, barely a scar where it was.  Keeping you in my prayers, both of you!  Love and hugs! 💖🙏💖
Thank you for sharing your journey! You look stunning Bec! Eamon’s amazing and Bec your beautiful soul is displayed more and more ! You got this! 😇
Love you guys, sending strength and energy today!  I feel ya Bec I love a chickpea salad sandwich for breakfast too. xoxo
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out! You are incredibly strong and you are touching lives every day. Eamon, you are what a true partner looks like. Sending you two lots of positive vibes and prayers today and every day ❤
You are so beautiful, Bec🤠❤️.  Your soul is shining!
You are still a beautiful person.
Bec, you are beautiful INSIDE and OUT!!   You have such beautiful face that you wear the new look soooo well.  I love what a strong woman you are and how you’re sharing this journey with all of us.  Keeping you both in my prayers.  ❤️🙏
You look so beautiful at all hair stages Bec! You have such a beautiful attitude.
Bec you look awesome, you really do! Eamon you are the dream partner, always showing love and support. I know you only show us part of your lives and I know what you are going through is more than the little we see, but thank you for sharing. Also, OSO!! I’m so glad you have a big Fluffer Doggo. Dogs are the best when you don’t feel well, he looks so comforting, even with the cone of shame
So proud of Eamon for being such an amazing supporter.
I love how much the both of you are discovering inner strengths you didn’t know you had throughout this experience. It’s beautiful to watch. Keep up the good work!
You are beautiful bec, not because of your hair, but because of your personality and your soul✨💜. And in the same way, the Demi Moore Soldier style looks beautiful on you 👌.
Lots of love from me and my wife here in Sweden ❤️❤️❤️
Bec your beautiful personality shines thru any external factors. Thank you for sharing your story with us. ❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you’re one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever come across inside and out. It’s okay to be sad, I would be too but Eamon is right. You look badass and gorgeous. You’re going to kick this in the ass just like you do with everything else you do. I don’t know you, but I love you both
You look amazing with no hair!! Beautiful!! Prays for u both!!
You have a beautiful head. You look cool with no hair.
You are sooo strong, sooooooo soooooooooo strong!!!! I'm so proud of you bec!❤❤
your amazing!!!!
I’m watching this cooking breakfast on a rainy sunday morning in philadelphia, God bless you for sharing this with the world.  “Lee is here” was the best
Bec, you are so gorgeous ! I mean the haircut was cute. Really, you'll have fun trying different styles as your hair grows back. But the bald head is gorgeous.
Bec you look beautiful. You are so much stronger than you think you are. You are a intentionally kind, effervescent, happy, funny, smart, strong and living person. Temporarily losing your hair does NOT change any of those things. And your new look is totally bad ass.  Claim it put on some lipstick and go kick cancers ass. #yougotthis #youarebeautiful
Bec you are ridiculously cute with no hair! You gotta revisit that French bob again, it was honestly perfect for your face. Congrats on 1M too!!
So much love going to you.   I went through all if this a few years ago. I took a razor and shaved it down to skin. And kept up with the shaving untill chemo was done.   You are  beautiful and YOU GOT THIS!!!
Though we all see how beautiful you are no matter what Bec.  It is your inner beauty that really makes you so, so lovely.  For people to be able to see that you are in a health battle.  That will just add to the number of people who can, will you health and wellness through prayer, good vibes and healing energy. 💛
❤️ U from Sudan
You look AMAZING!!!!!     You are beautiful.
I never comment, saying that….GIRL YOU LOOK FABULOUS 🥰🥰
Bec you are seriously SO gorgeous bald! 😍🤩🤩 get it QUEEN!!!
WOW I DIDNT THINK BEC COULD BE MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN SHE IS .DAM YOU ARE GORGEOUS WITH NO HAIR I LOVE IT 😍 SO BEAUTIFUL
So proud of you both, you are handling it all very gracefully don't worry its just hair it will grow back
🌈✨🌈
Bec u are an inspiration to others. As u said Lee is watching over U. Please remember u have a community of friends with u. Community of friend that love u.
Hey Bec, Anyday you will always look the best . Enjoy Life !!Just one of many stages to come . Tons of Love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!Bieeee
You are so inspirational ❤️sending you healing your way 🙏🏻
Bec looks just like Eleven from Stranger Things! Beautiful
God is with you  this is a Haze in your life ✨    God will bless  you and will be better  🙏   we love  you   Bec 😍 ❤ 💜 ♥ 💖 💕
Still praying for you 🙏 you are beautiful inside and out 😭😭😭
thank you for been so brave. love Mike from Jamaica.
You look stunning!! You look like Charlize Theron in Mad Max and she was a fierce warrior just like you!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Lots of tears watching this. Thank you for sharing your vulnerability. AND I am so in awe of your beautifully shaped head! As weird as it sounds, I've been afraid of cancer because my head is flat in the back! What a blessing your noggin is so perfect! :)
Bec, you look totally amazing, with and without hair. Big hug to you both.....
We love you. Praying for you both
Always beautiful ❤️
You two are couple goals 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
I cried with you in this video.  Bec you are one tough lady. You’ve got a great man by your side. Sending you virtual hugs 💕✨
Love you guys  Your amazing  Beautiful  And awesome  ❤️❤️❤️❤️
We are all praying for you Bec, you got this you are beautiful and never forget it, I got your back. God Bless You.
you are beautiful and an inspiration Bec!! you’ve got this! sending lots of love
Bec, you look lovely . Praying for you! You have such a positive attitude. Lots of love.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and girl you are rocking the wigs and scarfs !  Love and hugs !!
I cried with you as Emon shaved your head. You are beautiful Bec, and as another woman with long hair I feel the same about my hair. I know it doesn't always help when people say they are praying for you, but I am. And you look better than Roxette or the lady from the Cranberries. Bald is beautiful!
❤️❤️❤️
so many tears. Well done and support always to both you guys
We love you Bec and think you are absolutely beautiful inside and out, with and without hair!  We are so impressed by how you and Eamon authentically share yourselves and the journeys you take, both the fun and glorious ones as well as the most personal and intimate ones.  You teach the rest of us how to live and love, and inspire us to be better than we are right now.  Thank you.  We  pray you both remain strong and continue to share your authentic selves. May the universe continue to bless you. Much love from California.
Your beautiful and brave..thanks for sharing your journey,  your definitely an inspiration to others  prayers and love to you both.
You guys are the best. Just do it. Go with the flow, do not overthink. It will be OK.
Ok first off, Bec you are a beautiful soul yes, but you are literally GORGEOUS!!! The way I see it, Eamon had long hair for a while, you’ll have short hair/bald for a while. We all go through stages and you guys have never lived a conventional life, which means I KNOW you are tough enough to tell cancer to fuck off and come back better than ever! We are ALL here for you and love you SO MUCH!! From one Canadian to another, you are strong and you will beat all this. Every time I’m on 401 by Yorkdale and see Chaiwala I send you love and hugs, you are amazing!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️ We love you!!!
a womans relationship with her hair is powerful. (not that eamon needs more praise but 10/10. ) you are okay. you are. GO CRAZY WITH THE WIGS. come on.
I also have a head mole! You are doing great! Hang in there :)
Bec you are so strong and beautiful. Sending you so much love. <3
You can see how much inner GLOW you have now!!! Just beautiful Bec 💛🌻✨ thank you for sharing this journey with us. Sending millions of hugs and love and strength!
Sending you bunches of love. You are awesome and beautiful no matter what. I love to see the strength and love between you two. Aemon is a diamond! Stay strong sweet girl, you've got this!!!❤❤
I think that Brielle - English, means “warrior of God” is the perfect name for you Beautiful Wig. You are so strong and a Warrior plus Brielle start with a B!
Bec, your hair did not make you beautiful. Your soul makes you beautiful. No matter what you go thru, that will never change.
We love you guys so much. You are both so strong and positive it is so amazing to see. As well as how supportive and loving Eamon is and has been throughout the journey. The way he treats you, is the way I pray my future husband will treat me. Lots of love and prayers from Alberta ❤️
BEC, YOU ARE STUNNING 😍!!! Kind, strong, and beautiful doesn’t even touch what you exude. Allow yourself to have your feelings. Eamon, you are a super ⭐️!!! We love and support you both!
Bec you look amazing!!
Bec looks so badass!
Love and light to you both.
I think I cried as much as Bec! Thank you so much for sharing your story ❤️
I already know that Lee would be so proud of you Bec! Channelling those emotions with you, for her. x
Thank you for letting us in on such a vulnerable and intimate journey. Bec, I have no words for how truly truly proud I am of you and how you're leaning into all of the ups and downs that you feel. We love you <3
😘❤️❤️❤️🙏🏼🌺
Nothing but awesomeness right there! 🙏
Bec you’re a bad ass!!! But I will say Eamon you need better clippers fool!! But you love her so much and I love it buddy!!!!
Damn Bec, you look really good with a buzzcut!  Thank you for sharing these vulnerable moments, you two are treasures!
You looks so beautiful! Hang in there Bec you are so strong and inspiring 💕
This little community enjoys y’all together as people, (not your hair). It’s about what’s on the inside that counts. But on the outside, it looks good too! Coming from someone who has shaved their head 3 times and currently have an under shave, I love it on you!! Stay strong 💛
Think about all the wig fun you can have!!! I mean blonde, red, dark brown, light brown. All the options and you don’t even have to worry about tuck your hair in the wig.
The brutal honesty of these vlogs is inspiring. Bec you look absolutely beautiful,your beauty inside radiates past your hair.
you look powerful 😍
5:54 "you look sick" lol good job Eamon haha.  Stay strong and get well!
You're gorgeous Bec💕 you guys are powerful!
BEC, BEC, BEC!!! Your long hair was beautiful and that bob was STUNNING on you, but BALD looks SO AMAZING on you!! So badass, but still feminine! I'm in awe of your beauty, it comes from within! You've got this and I am so proud of you. All my love to you and Eamon! ❤️❤️❤️
Sending love!!! You rock!!!
🤗💪💕
Bec, i could always enjoy your beauty without all my hormones freaking out - but with this look you just look too damn hot 🔥!
You are gorgeous! Sending lots of love and light. Your journey may have bumps in the road but you will come out a fully recovered queen in the end. Thank you, thank you for sharing your journey. I have to admit, I have been stalking you tube everyday waiting for a new video and to see how you are doing. You have the best support system. How is everyone around you doing?
💙💜🥰
Why is Oso wearing a cone? And WHY does this cone look like it had a previous owner that didn't survive a serious accident?  GREAT video!  I laughed and I cried, and Bec,  for fox sake,  you DO look good bald!  Sending love and light to you both.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL BEC!!  Eamon should shave his head too. ☺️❤️
You two are so much stronger than you know ❤️
Congrats on one million subs! This is just the beginning. You are beautiful Bec and so is your relationship with Eamon. Continuing to pray for you! ❤️🙏
Maybe its just me, but I used to love watching America's Next Top Model, and every now and again, they'd shave a model's head, and we'd always be left thinking 'holy moly, they look amazing with short hair!' I had exactly the same reaction to you Bec. Fully appreciate it's not the same, you've not done it to try and further a career, but I wanted to share what my honest immediate reaction was! Sending love to the both of you! x
You are. So beautiful Bec and hair is just ha is it will grow back honey….. I know it’s a awful process to go through but it will be okay  and you have your super Eamon by your side  thinking of you and wishing you all the best xx
❤️
Thank you so much for sharing those vulnerable moments. So beautiful to see other humans' experiences in such an authentic way. Bec, you're one beautiful badass <3 (and so are you eamon!!!)
Bec, I don’t know if you will see this. But you look amazing. You look like a strong woman. You and Eamon are teaching me every time you post to be grateful for everything around me. You are such an amazing spirit and you look beautiful but you are especially beautiful inside.
Girly you’re rocking it !!!!! Seriously you remind me of sinead O’Connor. She shaved her head and she was beautiful and so are you. 🥰🥰🥰 big hugs.
You look amazing Bec!
You're rocking it, really! you are so beautiful <3 love u guys
Can we all agree that she is going to look so cool with short hair when it grows back?!
I can feel the love between the two of you... You are so strong guys <3
An incredible partner! Sending love to you on this journey <3
Bec, I don’t want to downplay in any way how hard it was for you to lose your hair, but I loved the bob, and even more I LOVE the bald look. You look so bad ass, and actually kind of like a super hero/Amazon warrior goddess! You are beautiful with long hair, cute with a bob, and just stunning bald.
Thank you so much for sharing your experiences. We are so proud of you and will be with you for this journey. You are so strong an beautiful!
Beck, you are very beautiful. Thank you for sharing. God bless you guys. Focus on skin if you can. Your hair will grow back.
You are BEAUTIFUL Bec!! Eamon, you are such a good man. Thank you for showing us that.  I love "love doesn't need hair"
Ive followed you guys forever and in that i feel somewhat vested in your lives and i cant say i know how you feel, but i sympathize and send all my good vibes ✨️ always. You rock bald!! Bad assery so i might add!
Beck you look so beautiful and cute!🥰 You are beautiful in any way. Be positive to every change in your body. It’s a part of the process. Eamon you are the best. Love you guys and be safe.😘🤗🌼🇻🇪
You look so beautiful!!!. You can pull it off, that and much more!!. Blessings from Panama, Central America.
Long hair, bob hair or bald hair you look beautiful and STRONG sending luv and prayers to the both of you.  you got this and the both of you and your  family and community around... we all  are stronger than cancer. #fuckcancer
You are such a stunning woman and your hair doesn’t define you. Sending you mad strength and love ❤️🌺😘
Thank you so much for the video today. I love being part of your community. You always remind me to check in with myself every time I watch. You are beautiful amazing people and I hope our paths cross one day. Bec you are so strong! Eamon, the thought you put behind what you do to make sure Bec feels amazing is admirable. Thank you for today! Stay strong in your journey!
SENDING POSITIVE HEALING LOVING VIBES AND PRAYERS 🙏 ❤❤❤❤🙏❤❤❤❤❤🙏 You're Gorgeous Darling, let no one ever make you feel differently 😍
You look great Bec, stay strong!
Listen ,, believe what you want but please ,please get a king James bible and read everything on healing that can and not only read it but please ,,with all your heart , believe,, believe,,,Jesus came that you may have life and have it more abundantly, Palms 91 ,,he is with you when you are in trouble, Isaiah 53:5. You are healed by his stripes. I been watching y'all for 2 yrs ,,I want and believe you are healed in the name of Jesus .and everyone else wants you healed and you are beautiful with or without hair and it does grow back . Y'all have a blessed day 🙏
I’m hysterical crying watching you break down when you shave your head. You have such an amazing partner to go through this with you. His words and him just being right there next to you at all times is amazing. ❤️🥺😭
It looks great and my prayers are still going up to God for you both.
Ok the fact that I am also in Kingston is really strange ... sending you extra extra healing vibes ...
Bec what makes you beautiful its that big smile of yours!!! Never lose it.  Eamon you are the best man a girl can have.  Love you both.  Sending good vibes your way ! ❤️🙏🏾
If anyone can pull off bald it's you because you Are a beautiful person..
You’re so beautiful and strong Bec! You got this girl! ❤️❤️❤️
You look really great with the short bob as it brings out your beatiful eyes! Sending my love and prayers🤗
Bec, you're beautiful inside and out. Prayers, Love and Big Hugs. ❤
You both have no idea what a service that you are doing through tears and smiles.  There is so much more I could say, but that is enough.
You are beautiful. You are strong you are amazing. Thank you thank you so much for sharing this.  You’re just so amazing there’s no words
Lee‘s sweater killed me. That said, you’re going through this so graciously! Watching you being so kind to one another and so thoughtful is the best possible reminder that love really does conquer all. Hang in there! All will be fine!
My heart breaks for you...
My aunt has been going through this journey with her lung cancer. Unfortunately she had to do it all alone as it was in the peak of the pandemic that she was getting treatment. But I thank you both so much for documenting this journey. It gives me perspective of what she had to go through and still continues to go through every day. I'm giving her a call right now <3
I cried throughout....sending love to both of you. 💜💜💜💜💜
💗
You inspire me so much, you both do, but especially Bec in this moment. Today I cut my hair off and donated 13 inches to Little Princess Trust. I really hope that my hair will make some girl truly happy in her own skin again. You ARE beautiful bald, but you deserve to feel fabulous and gorgeous every day! (It’s also ok if you don’t, and “duvet days” are FAB!) I love you both so much xx
<3
OMG...YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY STUNNING BEC! You said your head was big.... Ummm, NO. If only  you could see MY HEAD! Mine is SO BIG that I had to take my son in to get his head measured every other day for 2 months after he was born to check for hydrocephalus & I kept reassuring the doctors that it's just because I have a huge head & he inherited that from me...& sure enough that's all it was. BEC YOU NOT ONLY LOOK BEAUTIFUL WITH OR WITHOUT HAIR....YOU LOOK FREAKING SEXY WITHOUT IT ALSO! You HAVE TO BE THE STRONGEST, MOST AUTHENTIC, BEAUTIFUL HUMAN EVER! HOW can you truly love & care for someone you've never met? It just blows me away to think about how much I think about you. I check every day for updates. I pray for you, Eamon & your family. Know that you are loved & thought of by so many! I do gave a question, is the "Eamon & Bec" Facebook page you guys or someone else? I checked it out & they post old videos of you guys so I was thinking it can't be you guys. Just wanted to be sure. Sending my love & continued prayers. You GOT this! ❤
Bec if it makes u feel any better I have like 5 of those moles on my scalp all over it . I had to shave my head two years back several times we love u:)
Beauty is definitely in your spirit! But loosing your hair is hard and lots of us don’t realize how much of our identity we put into our hair. But we all need to remember the ppl that love us don’t need hair to do it. Send you love and healing vibes! 💙
You’re beautiful inside and out no matter what, BUT not just saying this - you are truly one of the most beautiful bald woman I’ve ever seen!  It really suits you!  Keep on rocking Bec, you got this!  Eamon you’re a great partner and sending support to you too!
Now bleach it and colour it with pattern’s
Winnie the wig🥰🥰🥰💋😘
Girl you are beautiful, it’s just hair. Be back in a few months! Your courage is amazing
You are amazing and beautiful bec.
Sending so much love your way 💛💛
You are on the up girl, you will bounce back!❤️
Lots of love to you both 💓 XxxxxxxxxX
You are so beautiful 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 stay strong love ❤️
Dam!! you do look like Tokyo. Love it.
I totally get you about your hair, I know it might not help to hear but you are so beautiful with or without hair! Thoughts and love your way Bec and Eam 💕
Silk pillowcase can help with the sensitive of your head. Many prayers for you bec
You are both the most beautiful people! And truest blessed to have each other.
You are beautiful no matter what. Sending love
You are Strong. You are Beautiful. You are Brave...You are loved by so many xo
You are so strong Bec and you truly inspire everyone around you . We love you❤️
You have a beautiful head, Bec. Just beautiful. (I myself have a very ugly head!) Prayers for healing and strength.
Thank you for documenting your journey and showing us even the most vulnerable moments. I had a few medical issues recently and cried a lot at the medical offices and I feel less bad about it seeing Bec (a strong woman) cry too. Thank you.  Praying for your health
You are so so beautiful! You got this Bec 💞🌸💞🇨🇦
❤️
I’ve been on both sides of the cancer journey and Eamon I know how tough this is. You are doing great! Take the moments you need to take and replenish yourself. Love to you both.
You are so brave for sharing your story.  Please never feel pressured to share to much.   You both are so so strong.  Sending healing vibes <3 <3
You are truly beautiful Bec inside and out. Sending you love and positivity now and always. X
💜💜💜
Praying that you are surrounded by God's healing light. Thank you for being so vulnerable.  You are beautiful!
💗🌈🙏🏻Beautiful inside and out.  Both of you,:) are in the best hands, each other.
You look gorgeous no matter long ,short or no hair 😍.. I have been letting my hair grow super long then shaving it all off for going on 8 years now and to me it's so freeing to just shave it all off 🙂.. hair does not define you hun 💜.. also my 2 daughters have hair to their knees and have been talking about cutting and donating it to Locks of Love but if you'd like to make another wig we would love to give it to you 💞, we all have the same color hair as you and it's super healthy and thick.. it's always nice for a girl to have options 😉.. either way, just know you look beautiful with or without hair and we are all in your corner rooting and praying for you.. You Got This! 💪.. also Eamon, you're awesome.. I love how in tune you are with Bec and her needs.. and all the little things you do just to show her love and support.. you're both so blessed to have each other❣️.. You're a Rock Star!
You look amazing 💛
Thank you  sharing your journey
Proud to be a part of this rad community, and so happy to have found you two rad humans! Always thinking of you, Bec! ❤️
STAY STRONG BABY GIRL 😍🙏💪
Bec I have so many words I want to say to you. I went though this journey with my mom, she to lost her hair. But just know that you are an amazing and strong. And have (as you already know) an amazing support team. God Bless you, you will crush cancer, you're beautiful.
Sending so much love and warm sunshine hugs. Love you both. My mom was diagnosed with basal cancer last month and we are about to start her journey, I will be sharing yours with her when she is ready ❤️
Sobbing already, and I am only 1 minut in. Love you guys! ❤
Bec is beautiful inside and out!  Sending good thoughts and prayers to you both🥰
❤️❤️❤️ you are beautiful bec stay strong you guys can do it!!! Lee is watching over you guys..... Lots of love and good vibes from my family to yours,❤️❤️❤️
Bec, you are amazing. Thank you for sharing your journey. You are not only beautiful to look at but now without your hair we can see your gorgeous face. My thoughts and prayers are with. You are such a beautiful person with such a fun loving person. Hugs
Oh Bec! You so beautiful even bald.💕
You guys are awesome. Bec you're beautiful both inside and outside, shaving your hair off can never change that.
Merci de partager avec nous votre vulnérabilité, votre amour et votre sensibilité. Vous êtes un rayon de soleil dans ma vie. Je vous souhaite le meilleur. Bec tu es forte et une magnifique. Big love Bec and Eamon
Bec, you are gorgeous!! Your personality shines through. Sunshine and glowing from the screen!! If only I could have a percentage of your radiating personality. Bec we love you🥰
Wig name = Tabitha
Bec,  what can I say , is beauty is in the eyes of the beholder, you are stunning, a fantastic personality & having the support of eamon is such a positive thing. Keep strong and safe . All our thoughts are with you  😍
Bec, you look amazingly beautiful with shaved head!    A 20 year old Sinead O Connor has nothing on it!!  💙❤️💚💜❤️
❤️❤️❤️
You look beautiful bec❤️ also I like yo cut g.
Your smile lights up the biggest room!!! When you smile you dont notice the lack of hair!!! You have the best partner in the world!! Stay STRONG!!!!! You dont know me, I feel like I know you two, and just want to send the BIGGEST HUG I can!!! BTW: Oso is such a dork! Too cute!!!
You got this you are strong
I just cannot express enough how powerful you both are. I am so sorry you both have to go through this but we are all rooting for you and sending you so much love. 🤍
I think bald women r beautiful, gorgeous! I shaved my head about 7 years ago & wore it that way for about a year. And my husband loved it. U have a beautiful shaped head as well. While I recognize that I chose to shave my head & u had no choice. But try to stay positive girl. And remember u r beautiful no matter what the circumstances ❤️❤️❤️❤️
You got this!!!!!!!!!!!! You have Eamon, who loves you so very much and tells you so.  We are sending you hugs and kisses from the Laurentiens, Qc. XoXo
absolutely rocking that Sinead O' Connor/Demi Moore/Natalie Portman beauty! Stunner xxx
OMG, you are one of those people who were meant to have a bob haircut!  You look GORGEOUS with OR without hair!  SO much better than I did when I lost mine LOL.  You're one of those people who can pull off ANY hairstyle...so jealous!.
Oh Beck, you are so brave and an inspiration! Eamon you are a great example to all with the love, positivity and support you are showing Bec.
u  r shining (you, not your head!) <3<3<3 sending big hugs to you 2!
Beauty shines from within, and you are shining brightly. With love, and positivity from across the pond x
I love how you put it "You don't need hair,  To Love".🥰 Love you Bec, bald is beautiful!  1 million Yes!!!!. 🤩😍 Before you said that was Lee's hoodie, I was thinking that I bet Lee is right next to you in spirit holding your hand. I lost it when you said it was her hoodie 😭😭 Love you both🥰🙏😘🙏
Sending love and prayers! What an emotional video to watch! You're  an incredible person ❤️ You got this Bec
So Freaking Gorgeous!!  sending you strength and love.
Girl I had breast cancer. I understand!  But you look good with your shaved head. So bad ass!
You are beautiful with or without hair, stay strong you can do this.  Xx
Congratulations on a million. So grateful to be a part of it!!!! Bec you are so Damm beautiful.
🤗 big hugs
Hell NO Bec it symbolizes a Warrior ! You Bec are a Warrior! You are fighting the war of your life! Sending love and visualizing you healing!-s
Salute to you,
Just a reminder that you got over a million subscriptions due to who you are as people not because what you look like.... Although you both look like models and are hot and rocking it all the time and trust me you're right up there with the models that have had to shave their heads for photo shoots.... So just continue to rock it and be hot
OMG.... you are Amazing. What a beautiful woman, inside and out. Hope you feel better soon
Love and hugs
THANK YOU for sharing it ALL!!!!!   Long after you are healed from your journey you will be helping countless others through their journeys. I have more love and respect for the two of you now then I’ve ever had before. YOU ARE A ROCKSTAR!!!!!
You are so beautiful.  I pray that God makes your journey as easy as possible with a very positive outcome (a return to full health)!
You’re absolutely incredible and stunning! Keep doing what you’re doing and letting us in the raw beautifully complex journey you’re going through 💕 you are loved ❤️
Bec You look good and stay strong you gonna make it I believing you
Thank you for taking us on your journey.  My sweetheart was diagnosed with Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma in February 2015.  Shortly after starting chemo, he came out of our back room and said he was going to town to get a hair cut, when I asked why, he said his hair was coming out and it was time  to shave it off.   I  started to get my coat and he said, “No, I need to do this by myself”.   He left and I curled up on the bed and cried.  A hour later he was back, rocking a shiny bald head.  This was how he went through all the treatments, the ups and many many downs, with a “Let’s get this done” attitude.      I know this journey is hard, but  you’ll get through this.   I wish I could attach a picture of him, he rocked the bald head.
Sending you positive vibes!! You are beautiful!!! 💗💗💗💗
Bec you are a freaking rockstar! I envy your bravery! Your beautiful soul is inspiring even though challenging times. You go girl💛
as soon as you said that it was lee's sweater i broke down
I'm glad you have Eamon and your parents there for support. Oso too. I'm going through my own health issues pretty much on my own.  I couldn't take care of my dog, Buddy, so with the help of the rescue I first fostered, then adopted him from, we found him a wonderful new home with a guy in his 30's who lost his dog several months earlier. Bud now has a 2 acre yard and goes on runs everyday with his new human friend.  All my best wishes and positive  energy go to you Bec.
You two are always in my thoughts.  You surely are beautiful inside and out, Bec.  You are so brave to share your journey with the world.  Please know how much you’re helping others by doing this.
i'm with eamon, really liked the bob cut on you but the bald is really cute. Stay strong don't let little thing bother you. Really think you need a happy place song play list too. Listen to music and chill. This will all be a memory soon enough. Oh and eamon you're an awesome anchor for her emotional boat she is on right now, keep it up!! lol you're a good man and im glad she has you!!
Sending love and light, positive energy
Short hair or no hair you are beautiful, your spirit shines through even the worst days. Keep strong 💪 xx
Bec, you are so beautiful!!! You are so brave❤️❤️❤️ I am in awe of your grace and courage💜💚🌈😍 See ya next week❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️
I love you Bec!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Oh Bec, in the words of my 7 year old.  “You are stunning inside and out” thank you for sharing your life with us. Your strength and Eamon’s love shine through every episode.
You are so beautiful and such an inspiration! We all love you Bec! Stay strong! ❤🙏
I cried through this entire video! It’s a tough journey 🥺 Eamon, bless your heart for the support and love you give Bec ❤️ Bec… you’re beautiful inside and out! And you seriously can rock any look!! You’re doing amazing and you will continue doing amazing through the rest of this journey! My Thoughts are with you 🙏🏻
Oh Bec don't be sad everything is going to be fine and I want to tell you that "LIFE IS A WAR AND YOU HAVE TO FIGHT FOR IT" . I know that this is a really hard time for you but we believe in you and in God 🙏 . God does miracles for everyone so he will for you to ! Just fight and never give up and you are strong 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 love from Albania🇦🇱🇦🇱🇦🇱
You’re amazing Bec! Sending you all the love❤ I shaved my head 6 years ago to raise money for a cancer charity. You look beautiful and you definitely rock the bald look!
You get used to no hair. Not shaving. Then one day you look down and your legs look like a yeti!  Stage 3 here, 11 years out. You can do this!!
I lost a lot of hair due to hormonal imbalance (not the same as what youre going through) but rosemary oil massaged into your scalp every night helped regrow my hair so much i was genuinly shocked by how much it helped. so when youve beaten this shit give it a try xxx
Your beauty isn’t defined by your hair it is defined by your personality that we all have come to love! So with or without hair you’re still as beautiful as the first day we started following your channel
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out. One of my without pleasures while watching your cannel, has been your tearful moments. I cry with you, but the ability you have to embrace your emotions, and move through them is awesome to experience. Bec, your freedom to totally embrace who you are, is quite humbling. In this episode you verbally expressed the cleansing. I see you, I love you, in spirit, and in spite of the fact we have never met. From sickness to full health, you are loved. Thank you for the willingness you have to share all your experiences. All your versions of beauty are sights to behold in wonder and gratitude. ❤️ Eamon, the best partner you could ever have. Love both you damn fine kids.
You are amazing Bec ❤️
Bec, I´m literally crying just stunned at how beautiful you look!  ❤️  The new style doesn´t dim your beauty in any way. You bold, brave, beautiful woman. Wow! We love you guys!
You’re so gorgeous Bec!! Trendy, you’re making me want to shave my head too :)
Why do you look so rad with a shaved head! You honestly look bad ass! Put some wing liner on and BOOM! Your the shit! I think that’s why so many women started to shave their heads cause it’s just THAT LOOK 💁‍♀️
Just a tidbit of info in case no one told you - when your hair grows back, it may come in a different colour and it may be curly.  That happened to my sister after ovarian cancer treatment - her hair is stick straight and for the first time in her life it was curly - it didn't stay that way and after a couple of hair cuts the curls were gone.  Keep up your fight - I'm sure you are inspiring a lot of people by sharing your journey.  💖💖💖
Bec - you are soooo beautiful with or without hair, strong and brave.  Eamon - You a wonderful partner. Sending lots of love and hugs to you both.
You BOTH are such a wonderful gift to the world. THANK YOU for your courage..your inspiration..your bravery. I love you both more than I could ever say and I am in awe of your AMAZING LOVE for each other. You both are in my thoughts and prayers and Bec- you are INDEED absolutely GORGEOUS... INSIDE AND OUT!  CANCER HAS NO IDEA WHO IT CHOSE TO TRY AND PUSH AROUND- IT WILL NEVVVVVVER WIN!!!! 💛🙏💛
Sending love and sunshine to you from Arizona! You are strong and beautiful! 💛
Oh my goodness, Bec. You are so brave sharing this experience with us. Your positive attitude is inspiring. Cry when you have to. Tears help the healing process. Love, hugs, and prayers for you all❤️
Bec, you are beautiful - your spirit, your soul, your heart!  And I feel like Eamon will wear your wigs more than you lol.  You are amazing, together you are incredible.  Thank you for being YOU!   Love you, sending healing energy your way!!!!
Bec you are beautiful with or without hair. If anyone says otherwise they are blind.
Because I know the loss of a beautiful mane of hair you spent cultivating and caring for is traumatic. But know this. You are an uber Hottie that need not worry about the asthetics.
I don't cry anymore. I cried with you, Bec. I can't believe the emotional quality with which your films are done. You are making this such a beautiful story, Eamon and Bec. That is what this is a beautiful story with a victorious ending. Love you guys. I just need to say what wonderful friends you have in Kara and Nate.
I’m crying. Hair loss is such a traumatizing part of a cancer journey❤️ the plant gift was so special. You guys are so perfect for each other. 🥺❤️
Your are gorgeous!!  Your sweet and kind  personality  shines. I can see all the love that your surrounded with from friends and family. You are always in my prayers.
You are beautiful inside and out...  we are so grateful for you and also sharing your story...
Embrace it chicka! You look beautiful. I was the same way. My hair was so long had been growing it out for two years before shaving it all off.
I've always really really really liked the bald/shaved look on women ;)  I think it's mega hot and I've always wanted to do it and you are ROCKIN it, Bec. Love you both ♥
Bec and Eamon, you are two beautiful souls with such strong love and support for each other. Sending so much love as you both continue through this journey together. Bec, I am convinced you could rock any look! You are amazing and beautiful.
Becs !!!!  you look even more stunning with no hair … sending love and blessings 🙏❤️🥰
Your a cancer, bad ass.. beautiful lady
I was a pediatric nurse and I used to work in the radiology department. Watching your video today reminded me of one my kiddos. The first time I met him, he was coming in for his 6 month check up scan. He had this lovely head of hear, reddish and curly. I completed his hair and he laughed. He said his hair before chemo was straight and light brown. He said when this hair started growing in, he felt it was a thank you for having to go through chemo. Sometimes hair comes back the same, but sometimes it doesn’t. No matter what is on your head…or not…you are beautiful. Much love from Gensac, France.
This was hard to watch because of how it affected you. I know how much identity is wrapped up in our hair!! My hubby has mole on the back of his head that freaks hairdressers out. I know how it feels to reach down and lose hair every time you run your hands through it. I didn’t lose all of my hair due to COVID but I lost a significant amount.  My hair did come back in curly. So do be prepared for your hair to come back in differently!! You look amazing with bald hair!! Even though you look amazing that doesn’t negate all of these feelings. You are beautiful!! Your hair didn’t make you beautiful!!
Bec ❤
Love you both!  Bec you are so beautiful!
You are so strong and you look rad!!! Love the new look. You got this Bec 💕
We all love you Eamon and Bec, and so grateful to support you as much as we can during this long journey.
I cried just out of the sheer love y'all have for one another. It's absolutely beautiful. You are rocking the bald head Bec and you are absolutely gorgeous! You inspire me with your strength and optimism! Thank you for sharing your journey.
Bec, you are so brave! And I 100% agree with Eamon that you rock a shaved head, what a babe! You are gorgeous and such an inspiration for the positivity you have kept through one of the hardest times in your life. Remember that your hair is an extension of you, it does not define you, or your beauty! Prayers and positive thoughts are flooding your way, both of you stay strong. Much love 💕
I can imagine I would really grieve the loss of my hair, but you honestly look like a cool modern model with a shaved head. I think of you and Eamon all the time and am sending love.
🥰🥰🥰
You look beautiful. Love to you both 💖💖💖
The first thing Bec you are so incredibly brave for sharing your journey. My wife had ovarian cancer 10 years ago and lost her hair from chemo. But, when her hair grew back it was curly. Her hair was always straight before an she was delighted that she didn't have to perm it anymore  :) . And Eamon you are doing what a partner should do and support her and love her.
This was a hard video to watch. My mom had stage 3 breast cancel. She had long hair and to watch her lose her hair was hard.   I first want to thank you for sharing your journey with us. Your so beautiful inside and out. Watching Eamon be so loving and supportive is so amazing. You are so brave! Fyi you look like a badass with short hair.lol Love you guys. Sending prayers and positive energy your way🥰
You are so strong bec you got this
Don't upset us, don't get upset everything will be fine👍
i lost it when he gave her the planter
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😘
Sending lots of love and virtual support ❤❤❤
Bec you are beautiful we all love stay strong but also know its ok not to be okay
Love the bald look!!  You are a fighting WARRIOR!!!  The fact that you are sharing this journey with the entire world and you are worried about your loved ones is a testament to your healing soul given to you by God.  God is holding you, his ANGELIC WARRIOR, in his hands.  Eamon is a beautiful, strong man.  Prayers being sent your way for you and your loved ones.
Thanks for continuing to take the time to share your journey. Just thinking of all the women you will help who are on their own breast cancer journey searching for information… and hoping they find your counter of positivity on the internet first!
You truly look amazing! And huge respect to eamon for handling everything so well !
❤️❤️❤️
You both are amazing ❤️❤️. Love the way you love each other 💪💪. Keep going Eamon and Bec
You will prob not even seeing this but i just want to send this from South Africa.... you had me in tears through the whole video... you are so strong i know we dont see every min of your day but what you do show. So brave and strong.... you are in my thoughts and prayers...
So very Charlize Theron Mad Max Fury Road... Big hugs to you both.
So beautiful 😍
Love and support you in your journey and through your process. I was wishing Lee was there, before you mentioned that you were wearing Lee's sweater. You are beautiful and have a gorgeous spirit.🌈🦋🌺 Congratulations on hitting 1 million subscribers!!!🎇🎆✨🎊🎉
Literally cried half the video. You are truly beautiful Bec💜
This story is incredibly moving. Over the past 10 years I have donated my hair to make wigs twice. I have been growing my hair for the past two years to donate for a third time. This time it will be in support of the CHEO Foundation in Ottawa. I’m planning on cutting it very short this fall.
Bec...you are amazing! You rock the bald look girl!!!
You guys are amazing and so happy that you have one another for support. Its such  tough road and not everyone has what you have which is such a blessing. Bec you are shining and Eamon....dude...I know its hard for you too but you are so good for her. Keep holding each other.
These days, once you are bald you are identified as chic!  (At least in Asheville, NC;-] You are rocking it!!
You look so good bald, Bec. Wow!!!! You truly are beautiful! Much love and light to you!
Bec, you're an inspiration, and you look beautiful no matter what. Your personality shines through. (Eamon you are inspirational too :-). The way you support and love Bec through this hard time is so wonderful to watch).
Send you healing love. 💜
A masterclass in the power of positivity
Eamon. You're the best support Bec could ever have. You're so involved whereas most other men wouldn't know how to handle the situation or even how to gift with thought. You're so cool! Plants slow down and hybernate so they don't need much water. When they start receiving more sunlight, they'll need to be watered on a weekly basis HOWEVER, please do your research still ❤️
She looks like Millie bobby brown' and I'm living for it
You really are amazing! I love your communication and your attitude on everything. I wish you all the best! 💗
Awww Bec sending lots of love from London! You'll get through this and once your hair starts growing back, you'll be sporting the most stylish pixie cut ever to go with your amazing smile!!
Thank you for sharing your journey. You’re being very brave. I’m sure your videos will help others going through the same thing. Just remember that you are beautiful inside and out. ❤️❤️
Love you guys. You two make the best of a very challenging situation. Your buddy dog is an amazing addition at this time. Prayers and best thoughts for you. Best,
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!💛
you are looking beautiful bold or not. you got it girl! <3
You are STUNNING!!!!!!!!!  Totally rocking it!!!!!     ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
My thoughts and prayers with you both ♥️ And thank you 3 days after your I have breast Cancer upload I found out I had 2 lumps in my breast your journey is helping to give me strength and courage, like you I live in a cabin on a lake but in BC. I rewatch(listen) your videos on my 4 hour drives to hospital appointments! Thank you for being the strong there for each other 100% couple your both inspirational ♥️
Bec, your beautiful
I love you guys so much 💗 Bec, you're already so beautiful inside and out that no matter if you have hair or not, you radiate light ✨️
hair is overated vanity , it is all good
You are so brave! You are beautiful inside and out! You are amazingly strong to share your journey. There are others going thru this that you are helping to be strong too! Prayers for you!
Bec you are a gorgeous woman :) because of that smile, your personality, your laugh qnd just everything about you:) and you are strong you will get through this:)
You don’t need ur hair to be beautiful. Ur even more pretty with no hair. U rock.
You are one amazing couple!  Eamon, you are such an amazing partner to Bec!  You've always been really loving to each other, but a journey like this will really test your relationship---and it is so strong!!  Eamon knows and appreciates your beauty, inside and out, and proves that love is greater than the number of strands on your head!!  Those wigs are absolutely stunning, and it feels like you never even lost any hair!  This was a very emotional video, many tears shed from both us and you!  Lee's sweater=strength and love <3  Sending much love and strength to you both, thanks for always sharing your lives with all of us.
You do look gorgeous bald.
You got this!!💪
Jesus is are savior he died on the cross for us and rose from the dead 3 days later✝️🙏❤God and Jesus will always be good
You beautiful beautiful lady
Bec... in 1989 I was diagnosed with stage-4 cervical cancer. I was a young mother my son was 6 my daughter was four and I was told to go home and make an end-of-life plan. I was going through a divorce he did not care. The only person I had was my best friend and next-door neighbor. I had hair below my butt, I did not even tell my mother I had cancer, that's to long of a story. When my kids started noticing  my hair loss I didn't want to worry them, so my best friend shaved my  head. Then she mad a ponytail out my hair and sewed it to the inside of my ball cap.. so when I was wearing my hat it looks like I still had hair underneath my scarf.. that same day she shaved her head and my son asked him if he could shave his, he was six years old he didn't realize the impact he made on me that day of being loving kind soul that he was. And he grew into that same person as an adult. People around me did not realize after my chemo treatment because I had to raise my children the next day I showed up at work and went to work all week.. my friend and her boyfriend at the time would take me to chemo and he would carry me out chemo was super super hard back then. I'd work all week go to the hospital on the weekend get my chemo rest up for the rest of Sunday and go back to work. Because I was stage 4 it was very aggressive treatment, with the love of my friend my children and my determination and even faith I was able to overcome and fight and survive. I was 27 years old, I'm now 59 and still in remission.. on the march 4th I entered my hair salon with hair down to my butt.. and I left with hair above my shoulders and I donated my hair for you... because I can feel what you're going through in your journey with your treatment this is the least I could do to support you..❤
I say name the wig Lola :)  And the plant shelves in the bedroom are gorgeous. WONDERFUL pot and plant gift too :))
So much love for you guys!! You continue to be my inspiration! Beautiful beautiful soles!! Big hugs!! Xx
You look great Bec Love you both of you. Sending my love to you guy's top respect for showing us your journey that's very brave of you. Your amazing and we are here for you to support you your not alone so remember that! xxx
hang in there
Bec it's so amazing you mentioned Lee because at the same time I starting thinking that it would have been so amazing if Lee was here. We miss here like you do. Stay strong. She is with you but you just cannot see her but she will give you signs that she is there. Take care and we know you are strong but let Eamon take care of you. Love from the Caribbean.
U both are so strong, a lot of love from Argentina. Bec bold suits you amazing ❤️
We love you so much. Keep fighting for your health. Who cares for the hair.  Sending lots of love your way.
Your beauty flows out from you. You are so brave. Your spiritual journey shines through. Something we can all learn from.
I bin there to,,my hair was gone to,,but hey that’s only hair,it will come back and after the chemotherapy it takes about 3 months, and then your hair comes back. I had testicular and limb gland cancer, now 5 years ago. Everything will be fine Bec,,I hope you read my message,,it will be ok ❤️
BTW watching your ads all the way through assuming you get paid more this way. ❤
You truly are Beautiful inside and out bec keep strong ❤️
Bec, you are so strong, you look beautiful with or without hair and we all love you 💛. Stay strong you are a warrior ❤
we love you both so much!!!!
You gave me like Charlize Theron in Mad Max vibes! The shaved head is RAD as Eamon said! Bec, you're beautiful inside and out and you're so strong. You're gonna beat this, and pull off so many hairstyles along the way. Much love you guys ❤️
You look beautiful and you both are so inspiring and fearless!
You are beautiful inside and out!! You are rocking every single change! Sending love and positivity to you both from Toronto! ❤️
I love the bald head, Bec!! You have the perfect shaped head for it! 😍
You both are such an inspiration 💛 💗
You are so strong and such a great inspiration! And Eamon is just the best supporting buddy you could wish for!
You are a beauty with or without hair. I use to have extremely long hair for many years. Once I went short...I haven't wanted to go back.
Gorgeous lady 😍💕
You are beautiful with or without. Not just saying that either. God Bless You
i started balding at 16, am 20 now, look like 40 ;(
The prettiest!
You guys are amazing,  Bec, your hair does not make you beautiful, your smile, your personality and strength are what make you a beautiful person, your thoughtfulness, Kindness and your unending love for Eamon and everyone in your life including your viewers shines bright, and we thank you for having the courage and strength to share your cancer story with  the world.    Eamon, I can't imagen how hard it is for you to see  Bec go through this, Your support, love. praise and constant reassurance  to Bec warms my heart,  thank you for helping Bec see herself as we all see her, a beautiful soul, with or without hair Bec still shines.
As always, you’re such an inspiration! You’re beautiful inside and out, and your spirit radiates out of you ❤️
Damn dude, Bec really is a totally babe! After this journey you may want to consider keeping the shaved look! Looks soooo good!
You two are such beautiful souls ❤️
You look amazing bald. You can totally rock that look! No worries. Embrace your inner Punk Rock Chick and say 🖕🏻 too breast cancer! Lots of love too you 💗
You're so BEAUTIFUL, God bless you and sending you love and many prayers 🙏 ❤
We need a love button on this channel!  The like button isn’t strong enough to show how much you guys are loved.
Your beauty shines from within. Prayers are with you both xx
You are strong You are beautiful inside and out You are loved! Thank you for sharing your journey ❤️❤️❤️
Praying for your continued strength. I know we only get to see a glimpse of your ups & downs, but just sharing your journey, I know,  is helping so many people. You are both a beautiful example of love.
so beautiful i remember when my step sister and aunt lost there hair they were still beautiful i think its very empowering in my area my mom also shaved her head bald to rise money for cancer when i was a kid i didn't handle it well but once i got older i felt it was one of the coolest things plus i feel its in trend lots pretty ladies just being so beautiful sometimes i feel hair is so very overrated
Bonjour, vous êtes magnifiques, quelle force, quel amour 🥰.  A deux, on peut déplacer des montagnes ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
I'm sorry to say this but this was really hard for me to watch it's hard for me to see people in so much pain when we love u guys soo much sending love from London ontario p.s the wig looks great.
Bec you are beautiful and I am praying for healing in Jesus name. We love you
you look amazing Bec! I cried through this whole video you're so strong. love you guys!
You are beyond beautiful with and without the hair. You honestly are rocking that bald head girl 😍🤩😍🤩. I can feel the love between you two by just watching the video. We’re all here for you love. 💪🏽💪🏽😇😇 constantly thinking of you and sending all the positive and beaufiful energy babe. ✨✨✨✨
Bec, you ´re so beautiful even with short or no hair. I wish you all the best. Greetings from Germany
That wing looks normal it’s literally you with ur long hair again. I’m so happy for you that you have some sense of normalcy to have your hair in a wing❤️ I agree short hair in showers is amazing. You are just so inspiring and strong.
That pot and plant is so thoughtful, good job Eamon <3
I just don’t know what to say ! Sending you all the healing and good feeling vibes.
You are both beautiful inside and out! Sending you prayers, peace, love and healing.
I just need to say that you took realy good bold. Basicly you always look good!!
Bec when I see you I don't see a cancer patient at all, I see a strong fearless, brave women who freaking rocks !!! You are so inspiring and beautiful ! You are a rockstar ! A freaking badass ! I love you ❤❤❤
Bec as strong as always, you're the brightest light just like lee she would be beyond proud! And omg I hope everyone finds a Eamon in their lifes, what a protector / nurse / chef and one million more..... 💜💜💜💜💜
You are amazing!  Love and healing to both of you!
Much love to you both ive been in tears watching this Bec your amazing you will get through this and congrats on a million x
You truly rock
Bec, you look beautiful, no hair shows off your gorgeous face
You’re both beautiful inside and out. Thank you for sharing the ups and the downs with us ❤️
Love from India, kerala ❤️
You look amazing with every haircut I've seen you rock! You look better than me with a shaved head! You're strong and beautiful!
You look amazing 🤎🤎🤎
Wig looks like a Melissa to me :))!
Eamon is literally the #1 hype man the fact he TRULY sees your beauty in every stage is so amazing. Also, bec that wig is INSANE! Cannot even tell. So excited you have something to put on during those times where you just want to spice up the day a bit.
Long, short or no hair, you're beautiful.
Bec, you exemplify beauty, strength, and kindness always - you are such an inspiration! :)
The heart scares easily. You have to trick it, however big the problem is. Tell your heart, 'Pal, all is well. All is well. Love you guys, From Nairobi, Kenya
Dang you do look great bald
Eamon is taking such good care of you, physically, emotionally & spiritually. What a blessing he is!  Bec you are GORGEOUS, hair or no hair!!!!!
Bec you are even more beautiful without hair! You are stronger than you even know! I laughed and I cried watching this. Eamon you are a wonderful support for Bec. Thank you for sharing your journey. You got this! 🤗
I’m so proud of you both for sharing such an intense journey online with all 1mill of your viewers. I’ve been following you all for a very very long time and I never would have thought we would have seen vlogs about a pandemic or especially cancer. I’m also struggling with hair loss for some reason and watching you embrace it and work through the feelings of attachment to your hair was really powerful for me. I have so much love for you both and I’m sending healing thoughts your way! Thank you for sharing. ♥️
You are gorgeous regardless of your hair loss.  And I’m so glad that you are able to embrace this and move on from it. And thank you for sharing the journey because so many other people are going through a similar thing.  Love & prayers.
💗💛💗💛💗💛💗
Thank you for sharing this vulnerable journey with us, love you both.
you're amazing bec!! (and eamon!!) sending you guys hugs from the east coast :)
Love you guys so so so much❤️ And Bec u are rocking the bald style☺️
Love and prayers from Pakistan.
You’re so beautiful love💖 you shine through thick and thin and have so much confidence. I truly look up to you and absolutely love every bit of you guys. Stay you❤️ its all so touching
Good job both of you!!!
Bec you got this girl! You truly are a beautiful person all these changes are big changes and you’re handling them all like a champ! I love that you’re giving yourself time to feel all the feelings, sometimes we need to shed tears so positivity has room to grow, but also remember it’s okay not to feel okay. Im so proud of you! You’re doing amazing! Love the bald head!!!
You are beautiful inside and out. You are an inspiration to many. I am a survivor of a ruptured aorta and needed a double bypass, my hair loss during recovery was significant, it isn’t just loss of hair but a losing a piece of yourself. Take care of yourself and each other emotionally,physically and mentally. You have a wonderful support system. Healing thoughts and prayers
You absolutely rock the bald look Bec 💗 You are truly amazing and so strong. Sending love and prayers from Ireland ☘️xxxx
I think you have a beautifully shaped head! Thanks for sharing your journey! I’m praying for you!!
I'm in tears, you both are the most incredibly wonderful, beautiful souls. I enjoy you so much. I think and pray for you both often and admire how you keep it all so real for those who are just starting on the journey. Sending tons of love, light, laughter and healing prayers to you both!
You guys frickin ROCK
All the love
You two are such beautiful humans ❤️ You really understand what life is all about and it's moving to watch the strength you show thru this process. You got this and the two of you got each other! Sending hugs from Michigan xo
Keep the true work. We love you guys!
You look absolutely gorgeous without hair! Trust me your hair will grow back. May God continue to bless you and your husband always and forever.
This Whitney Huston song I believe in you and me, reminds me of the love I see between the both of you. May God continue to give you both strength through this journey and beyond. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6kdhwifxYE
You look so beautiful Bec! Like 11 on Stranger Things on Netflix. Love it! 💞✨
This was emotionally painful to watch. My heart goes out so fully to you and I cried alongside you. Watching you two for years makes this feel close and even though we’ve never met I feel love & care for you. 💗
Bec. It’s what on the inside that matters.  Your beautiful
All of the hairstyles are beautiful on you! ❤️ Also, I don’t think I could imagine a more beautiful place to go through this. Your cabin is just the best place!
Dear Bec I sincerely wish you the very best recovery. Be strong but let your emotions out.
You look great with a shaved head. I shaved mine at the beginning of the quarantine. A word from the wise. Don't forget sunscreen on your head. Sunburn on your head is not fun
You are stunning 💓 Keep strong Bec 💪
I agree with Eamon you look absolutely beautiful with a shaved head 😍 You are totally rocking it 😎🤘 Sending you both lots of love light and positive vibes ❤️🙏
You look absolutely beautiful! I wanna shave my head and dye my head blond … your a brave woman! Prayers for you! 🙏🏾
hair is a simple hair. I've been shaving for 20 years and don't worry🙂😜👌👍♥️
The wig is So cute Bec, you look amazing!!!!! 🙏 God bless you all & everyone!
You are beautiful Bec, you can rock any hair, or no hair, style. 🙂
Bec you have a really nicely shaped head, it actually suits you.
Love following you guys, and the love you have for each other is so beautiful ..you’re both absolutely amazing …sending you so much love and prayers 💙💕
You are so BEAUTIFUL!  🥰♥️🙏
You dont look beautiful because you have hair, you look beautiful because you are good at heart. I will pray for your journey to be easy on you. And remember problems are there but solutions are also there, so keep going positive and SMILE it will dim you worries sweet bec.🙂
U are an amazing woman Bec .
Bec, you pull off a shaved head!!!! Looks so good and it makes you look so strong!!!!!
Am I going to eat a chickpea salad sandwich for breakfast? You bet Bec! You’re on to something here 💪🏻
You are both amazing!
Bec asking Eamon if he was ok after shaving her head had me in tears. The love you two have is inspiring and will be what gets you thru this
Ur shaved head looks hot!!!!!  Once in a like to cut my hair super short. For me it is freeing. I think of it as when I can't control the rest of the world I can control my hair!
I appreciate your honest, raw video.   You are beautiful!   Your beauty isn’t based on your looks.  It is based on who you are as a person.  Thank you for sharing your journey.  We are all lifting you up.
Bec you look GORGEOUS!! Inside and out! But the shaved head really suits you!! Sending you love and strength for the rest of your journey <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️You fucking bad ass bitch bec! Ya'll are doing so well, we are all sooooo proud of you both!! Sending you so much love!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec you ARE A WARRIOR!  Thank you for sharing your journey with us!  We will be behind you from afar!  Continued prayers! 🙏🏻♥️
You look amazing with or without hair, this was a tough and raw watch, but thank you for sharing so we all get an understanding of the journey the good and the bad.
Bec, you look badass with a shaved head!
you are always radiating light no matter what.  you are beautiful inside and out! Blessings to both of you!  you are two beautiful souls ♥️
I think you look fantastic with the shaved head. Wish I could pull it off half as well 😉
Thank you so much for continuing to share your journey. I hope you are aware of the postive, honest, loving and fun space you both have created.  Sending you so much love through these difficult times.
You both are so beautiful.  Thanks for showing us your journey.  We are here loving, praying and supporting you both!
You look so amazing without hair. Great shaped head, beautiful face. But, more importantly, your eyes truly show your beauty! So sorry for your heartbreak. You're truly loved by many and, an inspiration to many more! I love you more than you can ever know!!!! My positive healthy vibes are being sent your way! 😊😘😉😄
my prayers are woth you ive lost one auntie and my grandmother to breast cancer and have a auntie that's in remission so I no you will make it thru ok..... just remember you are not alone god will bless you
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you 🥰
♥️
Bec, you look amazing!!! Sending much love to you two💕
Nothing in this world could take your beauty away, Bec 💕 sending you so much love as always.
Ok listen...Seriously gorgeous!!! Never realized how beautiful you are. Covered up by hair. wow. And worlds best hubby! {gifts of cancer? always hated that but...}LOVE
Bec you are beautiful always! I think of you both and send you love and light!
YOU ARE BEA-YOU-TIFUL. Bec, you truly inspire me. 💖
Thank you for this video and sharing your story. You are mega strong and inspirational. I wish both of you all the very best.
"i am bald and i am beautiful" i LOVE it. it's TRUE.
You are stronger than you know Bec!  I remember all the fear and tears , but somehow I made it through to the other side.   I couldn't have done it without my husband,  and you have a good man just like mine.   Take care.   Keeping you in my prayers and sending you a lot of healing and comforting light. 💜💜💜💜
Love you both... The strength of your love for each other shines so bright!!!!
Thank you for this Video <3 I had tears in my eyes for the majority of the time
You are amazing, when you asked Eamon  are you ok? I had tears . You look beautiful bald and with hair, you now get choose. Sending hugs 🤗
♥️U
Wow Bec, watching your videos is bringing back such intense memories! So many similar feelings and experiences when I went through my breast cancer in 2018. Losing my hair was so freaking hard, and I cried and cried. I think of you all the time, and am sending you so much love and strength. Hang in there girl...I am 4 years out and my new hair is healthier than its been in 30 years and most importantly, I am healthy and so so alive!!!
Name the wig Moira, in honour of the wig icon herself!
Thank you so much for sharing such a vulnerable journey 🤍 you are both such incredible people and I love seeing the positivity you bring regardless of the situation. And to Aemon the way you support Bec is so fantastic to see. Sending love and prayers to you both on this journey 🤍
Your are darling beautiful woman...   We walk with you and send you love and healing energy...   Y'all are inspiring
You’ re beautiful 😍😍😍😍
Hi Bec. I’ve been thinking about you. Then I wake up and I see a upload. I know as women our hair is our everything. I suffer from traction  alopecia. I have to wear wigs myself. I know it’s not nothing compare what your going through. I just know how it feels to lose our hair. You are such a amazing women and thanks for sharing your journey with your subscribers. Praying for you Eamon and the family. Eamon is such a breath of fresh air. There is a YouTuber that is going through the same thing. I will drop her channel or their channel name. She is a young lady and her and her husband are sharing their journey on YouTube also💪🏾👑🙏🏾💖💝💖 https://youtube.com/c/DylanandDeliaChatwin check out her story and journey. I believe you two women will be a great support to one another. Remember your are fearfully made and great is Gods work Love&Light
I'm sending the two of you so much love. You're both being so awesome and brave. Bec, you were adorable with the bob and you are rocking the shaved head! You're a natural beauty through and through. XO
❤️ Love you guys. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Continuing to pray for a speedy recovery. 🙏🏻
You've got such delicate elfin features, you pull off the look no problem 😊. All the best to you both; you are not alone on this journey xx
Your so beautiful. I can see this was hard for you. You continue to amaze me with how well you are handling this. Thanks for sharing your journey. Continuing to pray for both of you.
What an emotional and beautiful episode. Hair gone, you rock girl. Stay strong going forward. It's a life changing experience, but you will get through it. That beautiful hair will grow back, you will not just be a survivor, you will be an inspiration to other women as well.
Sending you so much healing vibes!!! You got this Bec!! 💕
you should call her (your wig) Trixie in honour of trinity. also u look absolutely stunning ❤❤❤❤
You got this Bec! Bald is so beautiful!!
So excited to see you this morning!  You are gorgeous!!!!!
Your strength is shining through…so much love! ❤️❤️❤️
Love your Bob hair cut!!! 😍  You guys are so cute!! My dad was a surfer so he had very long hair all his life, always in a pony tail. He got cancer and his hair started falling out due to treatment and Finally he shaved it off. It took adjustment but it was so much easier taking care of him with very little hair.
💓💓💓💪🏻beautiful ..just brings out your inner shine even more🌸💗 we took pictures of hubby shaving head times too.  Funny about the taste ..hubs said I eat because I remember this taste good even if I can’t taste it now 🤣😂 You are strong and beautiful …so stinking cute couple ..peppermint oils for nausea and the meds help..
We’re all so much more attached to our hair (or lack of it) than we think, and I think like everyone in the world would send love if they knew about your journey and thought about what their hair means to them. You look so fantastic bald, it’s a really beautiful look and I personally think shaved or bald is a classic that can look great on anyone. When I shaved my head I had good days and bad days, but when bad days happen that first wig is so gorgeous and is just as stunning as your long hair! I’m so excited to see what the Eamon and Bec custom wig looks like (I immediately burst into tears when you showed that you’ll be using both your hair for it, it’s really beautiful). Also if you’ve never had shaved hair or a bald head - Bec is so right, the sensation of showering, or just rubbing your head, is insane and so so much better than wet longer hair will ever feel <3<3
❤️❤️❤️
You are strong, you are beautiful and you are inspiring Bec ♡
You are both so amazing ! I am sure Lee is looking down and wrapping her arms around both of you. Love to you both.
<3
Beautiful, have a look at Demi Moore bald in GI Jane and Nell McAndrew. You look amazing Bec
I wish there was a word that meant more than brave because what you are sharing is so incredible.  Your experience is so normal but the way you share it is dripping with empathy and compassion.  You are demonstrating vallor and strength that is teaching the world how to be stronger.  Thank you both.
You are both SO amazing and your love is really beautiful. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending love and prayers.
You look beautiful without hair Bec🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😍😍
¡Eres hermosa con y sin pelo!
Did u guys get a dog!? And bec you are Beautiful just the way you are with or without hair.
The love we have seen in the last videos is insane. I think this is truly what moves me the most watching. God this man is your soulmate. We all know and witness that you are gonna beat this shit up with so much grace. Thank you for allowing us to enter those super intimate moments. It feels truly special. Lots of love and positive vibes your way. ❤️
Sending you love ! You look beautiful so matter what !! Praying for you guys ! ❤️
Choked up.  You are such a trooper, Bec.  Eamon is your rock.  Sending love to you both.
You’re so beautiful bec ! Sending all my love, prayers and strength. ❤️🙏🏼
Wow! With hair you are beautiful. But without it you are hot!!! Super sexy! You totally pull that look off!
Girl, you are a luck one - you have a great shaped head 😅 im sure its fucking hard but dont let your appearance be the worry. You look great!
My heart hurts for you Bec.  At the end you were glowing, beauty coming through.  It was always there, had nothing to do with your hair.
Love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you love you  love you love you love you love you love you love you
G.I. BEC!!
Courageous girl! Honestly you rocked all styles! Keep the spirits highs. With a lot of lows there’s always one way and it’s up! ❤️❤️❤️
You are beautiful keep strong beautiful one
A beautiful woman is beautiful with or without hair and you've always been beautiful.
You're beautiful inside and out ❤️❤️ sending  you both lots of love.
Yea that was a good decision to not do a cold cap! I agree with you cus also if you think abt it chemotherapy is such a strong drug and that’s why most of the time cold caps aren’t successful. And if they are successful it’s only for a couple of weeks until the chemotherapy over powers the cold cap! So you made a great decision. You’re amazing. Why do you look amazing with every Fricken hair style. Omg you look so good. You’re just such a beautiful person inside and out.
Bec you look absolutely beatiful <3
I heard fasting longer and eating bigger meals less frequently can kill Cancer.
You’re beautiful Bec be encouraged Love you
Oh Bec, You are so beautiful with no hair and with hair.  I am a 30 year cancer survivor, I had Thyroid Cancer.  When I went places no one could pick me out that I had cancer, because I did not lose my hair. I had surgery to remove it and I had to drink radio active Iodine.  So our little humor was that I glowed in the dark. Not really. I'm glad that you have choose to continue with YouTube because it kind of feels like we're with you.  I was glad that you had Lee's shirt on. I know in my heart she is right there with you and she can help you though this. Eamon what an amazing partner you are to help her along this journey and the two of you will have some beautiful children as soon as your all better.  Blessings and Love to you both!
That is so pretty. And it's totally like you Bec..👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Big abrazos for you two! Bec you really looks so bonita. I´m prefer women with short hair and you look so cool and pretty. Love
You are beautiful Bec! Sending love 💖💖
Marrakech would be a good name for the wig😊 Keep being positive and be strong 😘
Beautiful inside and out
Love that Oso is with you guys!!! Thank you for sharing your journey Bec and you do look fantastic in all the styles!
I cried. You're in my thoughts and prayers XO
Eamon is right you do look beautiful! It’s looks so good and you look gorgeous! , Sending you both all the love in the world! Bec you look so pretty bald!! Like omg!
The plant made me cry 😭 you have such an amazing partner and we are sending you so much love and support. You look beautiful with and without hair ❤️
Praying for you. I’ve had pretty red hair my entire life. It is a big part of who I am. I’m the girl with red hair. Well I’m 60 now and starting to go grey. Anyway, you inspire me, and I’m so impressed with you. You actually look great. You totally pull it off.
Bec, you look hot AF with your head shaved. ❤
You look so beautiful!!!!! 💕💕 You are amazing!!!✨💕💕
😘🙏🏻
Being bald is a life changing experience. Be well Bec. Big earrings. 😉 Large sunglasses. 😉 Red 💄Wigs can be really irritating. ❤ Sending love.
Bec you are sooo beautiful. Bald is beautiful. I have always loved super short hair and I love your look. Be strong cause you are amazing and there is nothing you can’t do with Eamon by your side💕💕
I love you guys, keep going.
Bec you look BEAUTIFUL - I cried with you from start to finish. The love eamon has for you is overwhelming. You have got this💜💜💜
Sending you love and support bec ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for showing us your courage, faith, and strength. You are beautiful. The whole world is praying for you. We love you Bec
Bec,  you are such a BEAUTIFUL woman!!!
❤
I cried together with you while watching this video, Bec. You are beautiful with hair or without. Am so proud that you and Eamon are powering through this! My hope is that you and Eamon will remain positive throughout this journey on and off camera. Love you two! 😘💕👨‍👩‍👧
I cried with you
Love you Bec!! ❤️
The bald looks good
Bec, you can rock long hair, short hair, messy hair and no hair.  You are very brave, and you’ll get through this with your beautiful personality. Wishing you a speedy recovery from this cancer journey. ❤️❤️❤️
Because when you put on the wig it wasn't your hair that made you beautiful it's your beaming smile.
Beautiful at every stage of hair style, but the most beautiful at totally bald. There's nothing left but YOU and I hope you know this proves that your hair ALWAYS was just a style and a stage at any given moment in your life and that it's YOU that makes the beauty, not your hair. Stay YOU, stay STRONGE
Bec your beautiful !!!!   You are so strong and gave the best guy to walk through this with!!!   I love you guys and my prayers are always with you 💖💖💖💖💖
11 years ago I was seriously depressed because of what was going on in my life and half of my hair came out. I would sit back on the couch and move slightly and I could hear and feel it come out. A little has come back but I can see skin all over, and I hate it. I loved my hair, it's always been one of my favorite things about me, it sucks knowing it is not coming back. I'm 59 but it still sucks.
Lots off love ❤️
SENDING YOU THE BIGGEST HUG BEAUTIFUL GIRL ALL THE WAY FROM THE UK ❤❤❤❤
Your beauty and kindness are in your heart. It always was.
Ok but y does she look good with every haircut in the world
Sending you both love ❤️❤️
BEC...YOU LOOK GREAT....AFTER YOU SHAVE YOUR HAIR... NO WORRIES...YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL WITH OR WITHOUT HAIR
Many women shave their head today. It's a style like any other, and Bec, you look gorgeous with that style......
Bec you are MORE beautiful than ever!
Eamon is telling you the truth! You are BEAUTIFUL. Name for the wig…Trina? Thank you for sharing your journey. Praying for you every step of the way. xoxo
You are beautiful Bec. Your beautiful soul shines through, always.
I got SOOO MUCH out of this video - THANK YOU :) SENDING LOVVVVVE ❤   After I had radiation treatments on my armpit - no more odor or having to shave :))
Скорейшего выздоровления тебе!!! Kazakhstan❤️
You too are such an amazing couple! Like I can feel the love watching your videos it’s inspiring! ✨ oh and Bec, Eamon is right, you downlink beautiful with any of those hairstyles, the bald suits you! 💖
You're very beautiful Bec❤❤
You are truly beautiful 😍 inside and outside. Brave girl
My daughter was 23 and a half years old when she was diagnosed with Non Hodgkins Lymphoma (B-Cell) . She choose to shave her head after her first infusion of chemo. It was her way to have that last bit of control. Sadly she passed away at 25 years old. You are going to make it , be strong and remember, its only hair, IT WILL GROW BACK :) ♥
Bec, if you really want a cool watering routine for your houseplants, you should research bottom watering. I think you’d like it.
Wow! Bec you are so beautiful. Both of you guys are awesome human. Sending hugs laced with love.
We love you Bec, your are so strong and no matter with or without hair you look stunning, you got this!! You guys relationship is so amazing to watch how you communicate with each other and check in knowing that this effect both of you, xx
Bec, you look amazing. You definitely are an inspiration for any other woman going thru this. ❤️  Eamon, you couldn't possibly be a better soul and partner. I'm getting ready to go thru a very ugly divorce and I've always said, I'm done with relationships after this. Now I've decided I want an Eamon of my own!! Hope is not lost.
❤
You got this!
Bec through it all you are going to pull through and I'm glad you caught it early
Wig name?  Harriette
Bec you look beautiful no matter what your hairstyle is! And Eamon you’re doing such an amazing job being the support system. Keep being strong guys!
You got this girl!! You will always look beautiful, no matter the hairstyle.
You 👀 great.  That wig is perfect
Your so inspiring
Sending love too you both 💜💜💜
looking good Bec  - much love
Love u guys so much and Bec your the strongest most courageous woman and you will get through this honey. Sending so much love and prayers ❤️
Lots of love 💜💜💜
Bec you are truly amazing, you look amazing. Sending lots of love❤️
Thank you for sharing your journey with us ❤️. You are such a beautiful person inside and out and being able to watch your journey inspires me to be a better human.
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL ❤️
Wig name:  As soon as you asked for a name and I saw the wig, the name 'Cordelia' popped in my head... no rhyme or reason... Good luck and good vibes on your journey...
You are beautiful Bec. Thank you for sharing your and E’s journey. I think it’s important to show people what happens. You are amazing and brave.  And the Bob is adorable on you.
This brought back all the feelings for me. You are beautiful and strong.  You have the best partner. Please know there is sunshine ahead.
Away
Love you guys to the moon and back ❤️ so proud of you Bec
I’m crying happy tears watching you two! You both are so beautiful and real on the inside! Bec you look amazing with or without hair! ❤️
Congratulations on 1 million subscribers!  Bec, you are beautiful! Hair grows back!  Eamon should shave his head in support! I think he would look awesome! ❤️❤️
Sending you so much love❤️ you look stunning bald!!!
Sending you love and healing vibes. Thank you for honoring us with the opportunity to see into your journey. You are so much stronger than you can ever imagine even when it may not feel that way. I'm wishing you two the best, and I know that you will both get through this time together <3
Brave,brave warrior❤️
💐❤️❤️🙏🏻🙏🏻
Love uuu guyyyyys!!!!! Congrats on the look, Bec! You look like such a baddie! You can also start exploring earrings for fun if u feel like it! Congrats Eamon for having the best and being the best!!!! :D and for over a million subscribers of course! Love love looove!
You look beautiful Bec. I can imagine what you are going through. You are strong. Sending my love.
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos 🎈
Again thank you for sharing all of this, you didn't have to do this, it's just a testament to the strong beautiful person you are.  Love u 💘
I've been on YouTube for so many years and I've never left a comment before. But Bec you are so incredibly inspiring and beautiful, inside and out. I've watched your previous videos and I love your attitude towards life. I could watch yours and Eamon's videos all day long. Thank you for sharing your journey. You've got this Bec x
You are such a strong person Bec!
Bec, you’re a bombshell! You’re so strong and beautiful and we love you!! 💜💜
You are an amazing person Bec! I feel so blessed that your and Eamons personalities and spirits are in my life. God bless you both.
watching you both find strength through vulnerability is beautiful.
Super cute and super admirable how positive you are. Your smile lit up this video. You guys and the love you have for one another is beautiful to watch. You have a wonderful life, even in the hard times 💕
My best friend had cancer and one thing that I feel both of you have in common is, you can both rock a bald head💯
hey bec sorry to hear that you are in so much pain ..but did you ever hear of seeing a Holistic docter instead of getting chemotherapy ???? Holistic medicine will mostly cure your cancer faster...
❤❤❤❤❤
Amelie!! So cute! And you so beautiful, you can rock bald :) We send you guys our love from the Kootenays, British Columbia
Straight from the heart video, you two are amazing!  Eamon, you are such a great support for Bec, and I love how you two are handling everything together.  Thank you Bec for keeping it real and showing us what you are going through.  You totally rock being bald!  ❤️
You look so beautiful and strong. Sending you love 🤍
Crying alongside you and celebrating every milestone, too! Sending all the love to you both💚
Sending prayers for you Bec. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 Hair or no Hair, you’re gorgeous no matter what Bec.😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
love you guys, gedder done
Your so brave! Praying for your journey.
Eamon, you are such a rock star...You LOVE Bec so well. Bec, you are beautiful with and without hair.
Bec, your beauty is so much more than your hair, skin and body. The two of you would not have a million subscribers if you did not have such abundant inner beauty that is shared from within you.
I haven't cried this much watching a Vlog in forever... wow, I never realized how much I feel connected to you guys as much as I realize now. Like even though we've never met in person, I feel like you guys are family and as soon as a new video comes out, I drop everything I'm doing to see how you guys are doing. Love y'all so much and am here for y'all no matter what! Keep going strong Bec! I hope to find a man as good as Eamon one day too...
Love u guys …Bec u are a inspiration to everyone…u look beautiful..much love and prayers to you both….
Thanks so much for sharing. My mom is going through the hair step during chemo now and this really helps. Sending love and prayers your way.
You are so strong for sharing your story with all of us and you inspire me to deal with my life in a more positive and productive manner….I pray for your recovery everyday…..Love you 💞💞…..get well soon💐💐 and Eamon’s right you look hot af…….love from India 🇮🇳
That’s such an amazing idea to donate your hair and make both your hairs into a beautiful wing for you🥺❤️ so amazing and what a sign you have been saving his pony tail hair as well!
this is a beautiful documentation of your journey and i appreciate it so much. So much love and thankfulness for your bravery. Thank you
From one breast cancer baldy to another: LOVE. 💜
Bec you look amazing w/ short-short hair! I've always wanted to rock the bald look but my head is shaped funny lol the back of my head is flat, my parents obviously left me on my back too often as a baby hehe but I'm digressing; I keep my hair long to cover the back of my head. I can't wear hats or certain headbands cuz they just slip up and off the back of my head.  I'm telling you Bec, you have THE perfect shaped head for short and/or no hair looks!   My daughter has the thickest hair I've seen on any child, glossy and pitch-black; she hated it of course so we cut it short into a bob when she was about 8 yrs old.   We chopped off 11 inches! and since her hair had never been dyed before, we were able to donate it to a company called Locks of Love, a company that makes wigs out of hair that's donated to them for kids up to age 21 suffering from illnesses that eventually lead to baldness. My daughter is now 12 and we're about ready to again cut off another foot of hair and donate it
We are so thankful to have Eamon & Bec videos. I love you guys so much and your journey is 100% inspiring, and you ARE BEAUTIFUL! Happy Women's month Bec, you embody everything about being a strong powerful, heartful women and I along with millions look up to you (and Eamon) so much. You look absolutely wonderful bald and still the same ole Bec I have been watching for 6 years. Lee is with you guys all through this journey and just know we are all supporting you and love you much. I love you both so much. If you are ever in Georgia, USA come stop by the farm
I'm not crying, you're crying 😭 this was so precious.
The shaved look ROCKS.. and you Rock the look Bec -  i'm a Zen Buddhist priest,  I've been shaving my head for 15 years by choice.  Remember to wear a touque!! you're used to more insulation.. the BEST part will be when it starts growing back and it's SOOOO fuzzy.. you have hours of fun rubbing your head fuzz to look forward to!   (ps:  I went with my mum to all her chemo treatments, there were a few folks doing cold-cap, I'd never seen it and asked what it was,  the chemo nurses told me and said it only worked a small percentage of the time)
Bec you're always gorgeous but you rock the bald head
You're beautiful  as always!!!!! Love you guys!
Bec you are a Freakin extraordinary Woman! You got this 🤩 Love you and your hair long, short, or no hair. It’s your heart and soul that shines through that we Love and cannot get enough of 🥰 i’m sending you some good California sunshine vibes. I’m also Lovin your Man! Eamon he is such a good Man.....Please give him a big hug and kiss. I’ll see you next Sunday 😘
Go Bec. we all support you bald or not. i must say you rock it. all my love
You are such a beautiful person Bec! In and out
Oh my your gorgeous! Actually think I like the short and the bald version of you better than the long! Your amazing! All love and warmth to you both!
My continued prayers are with you Bec as you taking this journey. May good vibes and  love be with you at all times!  Eamon is doing such a wonderful job being so supportive for you. Love to you both.
Dude!!! The bob with fringe is such a LOOK on you!!!!!!!!!!!
Just three words ... LOVE  and INSPIRATION  and STRENGTH  x
My hair grew back with a nicer texture.
Eamon and Bec, you are so real and so raw with all of us. If someone told me 2 years ago that I would fall in love with this wonderful young couple that share their life on you tube, I would have said that is ridiculous! But, I do love you both. Your kindness and care for each other is so inspiring and I believe this is why your channel continues to grow. Sending you the most positive vibes for good health and healing. Bec, you are so beautiful , inside and out, hair or no hair. xo
BEC, YOU GOT THIS GIRL...... KEEP THINKING ABOUT THAT BEAUTIFUL FAMILY YOU WILL HAVE ONE DAY SOON LUV YA GUYS <3
Wig suggestion name - Hope or Faith
The plant and plant pot 🥰😭 That got me in the feels real hard!  It’s a great idea and Eamon’s add on gift was the sweetest.   Bec - you are beautiful.  Hair or no hair - you’re a stunner!  Not to mention a fucking warrior!  Get it Girl!   Sending you love and light and healing vibes.  Love from BC.
Thanks for sharing your story with us- so inspiring. Judy in Ontario Canada
You are a supermodel, good grief! long hair, bob and bald! good grief! WOMAN! now get you some spray color and color it up! Dangit, you are beautiful!
You are so beautyful, Beck.  Whit or whitout the hair 💖 Stay strong, you two. Big hugs from Spain 💐☀️
Funny story for ya Bec.. Been with mt husband for 24 years since I was 14. He really likes long hair. We went through a rough patch when I was in my early 20s. I shaved my beautiful butt length hair off completely to spite him. It took 2 years to grow back to my shoulders. Point is Bec... It grows back. A year from now you will be wondering what you were so worried about. Your a small frame girl so you can totally pull it off. I on the other hand have never been small so just think of all the time my husband had to spend being seen with me and my bald head. We can laugh about it now and in time you will laugh at yourself for being so freaked about it. We all love you. Stay strong.
Aw, there you are! Was so worried about you guys! Thank you for sharing the real and raw of your experience! You are so beautiful, Bec. I had to giggle with the baseball hat with hair attachment, we got my Dad one when he was traveling through Chemo! Made my heart happy to hear you were wearing one of Lee’s sweatshirts, how comforting ! 💚 Much love to you guys, from AZ! 💕
Bec you’re a BADASS! ♥️♥️♥️
Ask Aimee to name your wig for  you. By the way, you absolutely rock bald! x
Bec gets cancer and ends up looking like a badass punk rocker. I shaved my head and looked like a potato, lolol.
You look absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!
You are both a shining example to those going through life’s hardships. Thanks for sharing.
You are a true inspiration.❤️
I agree with eamon! Your buzzed head looks so beautiful and rad 😎😍❤️
Just watched the whole video in tears the whole time because of how raw and beautiful this is. Bec, you are absolutely stunning with every hair and non hair style. You are such an inspiration and always have been. You both are suuuuch a bright light💚 so much love for you.   -Morgan
love to u , sister in spirit. I went thru cancer , 2020 / 2021 .... trying to stay alive . chemo is so hard . I understand , completely.
I felt all the feels in this one! But the most important feeling was strength! Yall are both doing an amazing job at handling each step of this journey! 💪🏼♥️
Eamon, you are just the sweetest!  Bec is lucky to have such a caring loving partner.
Bec, you are so strong and we love you so much. I know that you may not feel that right now but I promise you it is true.
You’re a beautiful couple. Bec looks stunning !  Loads of love and positive vibes from the U.K ❤️
As a 43 year old "manly man", I was sitting here teary eyed watching you struggle through shaving your head. You look wonderful! You pull off being bald way better than I do.
Amazing couple…your love and support of each other is beautiful. Thank you for sharing your story.
You look beautiful, Bec, you got this! 🙌🏽
You guys love each other so much ❤️❤️❤️
Thank you both for sharing this journey. You Bec are beautiful with or without hair. Sending you healing vibes, 💕💕💕
Y’all are amazing ❤️❤️
Bec you are sooo beautifull I swearrr💘💘💘
💝💖💞
Miss Bec...  I took the plunge and went bald back in May of 2002 and haven't looked back. My theory was that when you have and institutional toilet seat for a hairline what's the point of having hair???  It shocked my wife a bit when she came home that day but, hey!!, she's still with me after 25 years!!  Seems that bald really is beautiful!!    If I can be so bold and say that Eamon is right. You are gorgeous!!  It says in the Bible that a woman's hair is her glory but since you are made in the image of the Almighty you are made perfect.  Your hair is just an accessory😍  I mentioned this earlier in a previous post that you have beautiful eyes and it remains true. Your eyes are the gateway to your soul and you have a beautiful soul regardless of what's on the top of head. Thank you for your transparency and authenticity Bec. Please know that you are loved.  You are in the palm of His hand🤗🤗🤗🤗
You are a beautiful women🙏🏼
You have a BEAUTIFUL FACE.  A model's look.  YOU'RE BOTH AMAZING FAMILY.  I ALWAYS felt BEC you are a model.  I truly appreciate and love your new look.  The one day , you did your eye lashes was cool.  GOD BLESS YOU 🌹 BOTH.🀄🀄🀄🇨🇦🇺🇸🛐🛐🛐✝️✝️✝️❤️❤️❤️. THANK YOU FOR TAKING ME ALONG SIDE OF YOU.  I have been praying for you both in JESUS'S NAME since I first met you.  I am glad you went sailing for the week.  Hope you'll be able to go again, espically in the new sail boat   I LOVE YOU and Will continue to pray for you both in JESUS'S NAME AMEN FROM SE MICHIGAN born in Long Branch Toranto 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🛐🛐🛐✝️✝️✝️❤️🌹🌹❤️🌹🌹. CHOW
Holy shiiiish you have a beautiful face Bec! No hair makes it super obvious! You look so good! 😍 Great job finding the positive things in everything! :) No shaving is kinda the dream isn't it 😂
You are beautiful no matter what.  Sending you love and prayers.💕
You look beautiful, Your journey is helping so many. We are all supporting you . Love you both 💕
❤❤❤
You do look gud bald!! Rocking it Makes your beautiful eyes stand out more I have shaved 2 siblings hair prior to them losing it through chemotherapy. Which is probably the hardest part of the whole cancer process. My heart went out to Eamon when he was using the shavers.  This time nxt Yr you will have your bob back ready to take on the world again. Stay strong through your low days as with each new day you are 1 day closer to being cancer free..
Will Eamon shave his head also??
Remember beauty is on the inside not in your hair, and you are still beautiful with or without it.
Rebecca, I am with Eamon: you have a perfect shaped head and you look fabulous! I also have a raised mole on my head 🌻
LOVE YOU GUY!  BEC IS HOT with OR WITHOUT HAIR!!  Eamon you are one very lucky dude!  Cheers from Orangeville Ontario
🤗 💕🙏
Oh my god Bec, I’ve not even watched video yet but you rock the bald look you really do. You are so beautiful not only to look at but inside too. I know it doesn’t matter what I, or anyone else says, it’s how you feel about yourself. I do hope you slowly realise how gorgeous you are. Lots of love from the UK ❤️❤️xx
the best part about hair - it will grow back when it's all over
Bec, You look beautiful bald! I am so sorry life has thrown you both this journey. Take care and keep your chin up, you are both loved. :)
Wow! Big perk of this journey is to KNOW you look fantastic bald! Thanks for sharing this! ❤️❤️❤️
🎼🎵I don’t need no💰 money, fortune, or fame I got all the riches, baby …🎵🎼🎤
Y’all need an aloe Vera plant😊
You’re still bec to me 💖 I love you & your third brain ✨❤️ you look SO SO amazing ! You cal pull off ANYTHING ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Very beautiful ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec we love you ❤️
You are incredible. You both are. Keep strong and soft guys you're amazing! So much love
Feeling blessed to “know” you two.  Continued virtual hugs and strength from Chicago.
The most amazing thing about your looks are your eyes.  No matter what hair style you have, your true beauty comes through  your eyes.  You have the best support, too.  Stay brave, stay happy.  We are all praying for you!
Beauty is the radiance you emit and at the moment in your vlogs you are so beautiful
so much love, positivity, and healing thought. You are both just beautiful!
I don't often comment but you're both such beautiful souls. Thank you for sharing your journey, sending lots of love and strength 💕
Hats off to both of you - Becs for being so courageous, and Eamon for being so supportive.
Hey Bec, firstly you rock the look! I remember losing mine on my journey, I cried my eyes out same as you. It’s such a traumatic experience to go through, I felt like my identity had changed. One hint for future, keep hanky with you as nose hairs go too. Don’t think I need to state the obvious. Once again, you’ve got this and thanks for sharing as this will help others.  Love to you both and positive vibes 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🤟🏻
You are gorgeous! We love you❤️❤️❤️
Sending prayers & hugs.
You’re so fricken stunning and so strong. We love you and admire your strength. You do look great bald, short hair, bangs and long hair! You’re so beautiful all ways❤️
Bec, you are absolutely gorgeous, and I’m not just saying that.. Your bone structure is amazing… have you ever heard of Sinead O’Connor?
❤️
Oh my, the strength that you have Bec and the support of Eamon is just so beautiful to watch.  You two are just such beautiful people with such beautiful souls.  You will get through this together and your love will grow even stronger (if that's possible). Love you both and praying for your recovery.
You are so beautiful!! God bless and you are awesome!!!
I think the first wigs names should be sunshine or Lilly. I like those two💖
Tens of thousands of millions of souls are surrounding you, holding you close and crying alongside you. You (and Eamon!) are so so loved.
Bec, such a trooper. Strength is amazing. Eamon... An absolute rockstar. Everyone deserves a support system like that. You guys are awesome.
you owned that bob! and you are beautiful nonmatter the hair, bec.
💖🦋
Sending lots of love 💕
Missed your face.
Yesssss! You look so awesome with a bald look. I think being bald really lets you explore all different avenues in head scarves, top knots, hats, and wigs. It really is a superpower! Try A hot pink pixie wig it literally makes one feel adventurous and brave! Explore your options!!! You look beautiful and strong!!!
I started crying 29 seconds in and was on and off the entire video. Bec, I can relate with having long hair and being so attached to it. I’m so proud of you for feeling the emotions and being brave enough to share your story with us viewers. We love you and we’re praying for you. ☀️
You are so stunning!! Thank you for always keeping it real.
long hair, short hair, no hair - you're still beautiful, don't forget that! The no hair part signifies you're a warrior and is all part of your "let's get this beaten" challenge. Get it beaten, then you can grow your hair again. Meanwhile, you should have a "wig off" competition with Aimée!!  In the UK, there's a children's charity called The Little Princess Trust, which makes wigs for children with cancer, from donated hair 💖 Hug Oso, he's just what you need when Eamon can't oblige xx PS: my half-sister has a nevus. please don't fret xx
this video made me cry in every single part at least twice. i was crying not because i felt sorry but i felt so sad for Bec and realized how many people deal with this shit. I am so happy Bec has eamon by her side. They inspired me a lot in so many ways. I stand with you, i really love u and wishing you all the best, stay as positive as you can . i love u
You look so, so beautiful Bec. I’m in awe of you’re bravery. Sending so much love 😍
Thank you for continuing to share your journey. Bec you look like a warrior and a goddess and we are all cheering you on. ❤💜
That pot Eamon got for her was so sweet and thoughtful. Bec, we are so beyond proud of you. Your strength and courage continues to inspire us everyday. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. We’re all supporting you ❤️
💖
Sending love and light xx
You are so beautiful!!! 😍💕👍💋❤️
Oh Bec, my heart goes out to you. You are a brave soul and a true beauty…hair or not. Eamon…we see you. Praying for you two!  💙
Love you both and continue to pray for you Bec.  Eamon praying for you too, I know what strength it takes to be a care giver.  Don’t forget to take care of yourself, quiet time by yourself, diet, exercise, mental health, emotional health. It is all apart of being the best care giver you can be.  Take care of both of you.
We are here with you sending strength and positive juju.  It's one thing to logically know what's ahead and it's another thing to live it.  We love you both.
Sending so much love and hugs! You are beautiful Bec and you have an amazing support system around you! ❤️
Sending love and good vibes!!! You got this!
Bec is just so amazing
Bec you look sooo good as you are right now! Wish i could pull it of like you do! Youre so strong ❤️
youre so beautiful and strong bec ❤️ thank you for being vulnerable with us and opening your life to us in this way. sending so much love and healing energy ❤️ and eamon, dont forget to take care of yourself too! love you both so much ❤️
Bec I got introduced to your channel by watching Kara and Nate - you are a strong woman. You got this girl!!!!
You look beautiful. And I have one of those moles on my left cheek. I think of it as a cupids kiss.
You don't need any hair, Bec!! Your Beauty and Light Shine from within❤️ Keep up the positivity and LAUGHTER, LOVE TO YOU BOTH✌️✌️✌️✌️
Bec…….build a strong connection with GOD
It's great to see your getting through it together, to hell with cancer 👏👏👏
I just want to point out that you look hot with the shaved head. Not because you have a good personality (which you do) but because you actually look great.
This video is so raw and special! Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful journey! Sending all my love 💕
I strongly believe that love can conquer all. The love that you two share is so heartwarming to watch. & it’s so amazingly insane how much love I have for you guys, and clearly so many of your viewers do, even though we have never met. ❤️❤️❤️
Love and prayers
Eamon is right you can really rock a bald head
Hey Becs and Eamon been following you for years,you took me along on your trips,made me part of the renovation on your cabin.You are an awesome couple.Stay strong,praying for you.All the way  from Namibia.🇳🇦😇🙏
You are the embodiment of grace, love and beauty!! Love you guys!! 🙏❤
It's always a happy moment to see you have released a new video :)) I love seeing you both going strong. You've got this guys, you've got this. I am sending my love from a very short distance, Toronto 💗
Bec your decision to share this very personal part of cancer is going to help so many people.  What an important thing to do.  Emon is right, you are so beautiful, really just stunning and you hair is just a tiny part of that.  Ironically, the most beautiful part of you is the inside.  We are all with you in spirit.
Thanks for sharing your journey ❤️❤️
Bec your so beautiful inside and out! 💞 Your new hair looks like a Rebecca, it's gorgeous 🥰 just like you. We are Bec Strong. Love you girl and I'm praying for you 🙏💕
Girl you’ve got so much personality, your hair was just an accessory to your beautiful soul! Your smile shines 10x brighter now! Keep your head up
As you know, people are beautiful inside. And you are beautiful, Bec.
Bec you look beautiful!!! ❤So much love and light to you and Eamon from Walnut Creek Northern California USA
Oh sweet Bec, my heart breaks to see you having to go through all this. You are beautiful inside and out, and such a strong woman! Sending you love and strength from the Netherlands 🇳🇱 ❤️
The first time you came on the screen saying “I look great bald” my heart flipped! I knew you would look like a stunning beautiful woman and I was right! 🥰 I love you Bec! 👩🏻‍🦲❤️❤️❤️
You are BOTH incredibly kind and positive people. It takes some real strength to hold on to that through all the crap life can throw at you let alone share it so publicly 💜 You guys inspire me and I'm sure countless others to apply that mindset in our own lives. You got this Bec 💪
Wow! Thank you for sharing your Journey.  This has brought out sooo many emotions in mye that I had been holding in. You both are awesome , I feel your light through the screen. 💗💗💗
I am amazed at how strong you are. I don't think I would handle things this well. You're positive and happy and true to yourselves. You definitely can rock that bald look. Sending the best energies your way. ❤️
I love how supportive Eamon is during this entire process ❤ you two are amazing
Your amazing. So strong. God bless you both through this tough journey. 🙏💗
Y’all are precious🙏❤️
True beauty radiates from the inside, out 💕 you look like a badass warrior Bec! So proud of you & this wild journey you are on.
You are beautiful inside & out. Bec, your hair is just that…hair. It doesn’t make you beautiful, you make you beautiful. Your brave, loving, genuine soul makes you beautiful. Your strength makes you beautiful! We are here for you & Eaton, not for your hair. And like you said, you do look cute bald. I wouldn’t necessarily say cute, I would say STUNNING! You are beautiful no matter what. Sorry…I will get off of my soapbox now. Just please know you are truly loved by millions and millions+++ of hugs are being giving to you. Thanks for sharing.🥰🙏🏼❤️
❤️
Gorgeous girl, beautiful soul. Hair or no hair!!😍
You are so beautiful and STRONG!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us!! Sending love and good vibes!!! 💕
Sending you all the love in the world. You are a true inspiration Becs, one incredibly brave woman 🥰❤️🥰
You are the strongest woman I know and sending prayers. But you look so fantastic and beautiful with no hair. Sending positive vibes your way to you both. Xxxxx
Sending good vibes from Argentina. You’re amazing! 💗
Bec, you 100% have the features for the bald look 💁🏼‍♀️ Very Millie Bobbie Brown since you have similar face features as her 💜
Bec, you are so beautiful inside and out! Eamon you're an incredible support buddy for Bec! Thank you for allowing us to share your journey! You are touching so many!You've got this!
Love to you both and thank you for sharing your journey with us. This is a very emotional and private time and I feel privileged to be able to share it with you xxx
Aw we love you guys! Bec you’re so beautiful. We wish we all looked like you. You rock every look! Sending so much love & light to you both! Give Oso Bear a huge hug for me.
Bec (and Eamon) I just wanted to say that your journey has been so beautiful and special to follow for myself personally. I lost my dad to cancer just under 4 years ago and seeing you go through this journey but be SO raw and so real about it, is truly inspiring. I cry watching every video, tears with a mixture of wishing the absolute best for you and missing my dad and remembering each step of his journey. While he of course didn’t have breast cancer, every step was the same along his journey, is both cutting our hair, him going through treatments and having good and bad days.   Thank you for posting your journey but being so true to your feelings wether it’s a hard day or an optimistic day. Wishing you and Eamon all the best 💚🤍
Hugs
You really do look beautiful without hair. God bless, stay strong and thanks for being so brave.
Bec’s take on the plant watering was so relatable 🤣❤️
You don’t need hair for love. What an amazing man! 😍
Oh Bec, this video broke my heart! But you’re so right, hair does not make the person. You are a stunning person inside and out. And you totally rocked the bob and you have a gorgeous bald head. And if you knew me, you’d know I don’t say things I don’t mean, so you’d know I’m telling the truth 😉 Eamon, I know this is hard on you too, but you are being an amazing solid rock for Bec. But don’t forget to acknowledge the hard pets for yourself. Sit in them a moment and allow yourself space to grow and heal through them. Sending you love, prayers, and strengthening vibes! Sending you so much love, prayers, and healing vibes!!! 💝
Bec~ you are amazing.  You are beautiful.  Your inner beauty over powers your physical beauty (which is stunning)!  To see how Eamon treats you- the love you have for each other is powerful.
You look absolutely beautiful bald.  Eamon is right.  You’re rocking it.  I wish you good health.
Bec you look so freaking gorgeous!! You got this girl, I'm confident everything is gonna be alright. Sooner than you know, you'll be inspiring other women going through the same thing your entire long healthy life ❤️❤️❤️✨✨✨
You continue to  be a gift to all…..how you handle the BIG THINGS is so admirable.
When I shaved my head and then lost my hair, I lost all of it except straight down the middle.  I looked like I had a mohawk.  My kids thought that I should dye it purple until I lost the last of the hair.  I ended out pulling out the last of the hair myself (it came out really easy).  It made it really fun, if you can call anything fun during this time.
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL. Charlize Theron VIBES. Rock this look like you rock everything else you do xoxoxoxox
Eamon is going to find you sexy as hell no matter what hairstyle you have. You can always try magnetic eyelashes if you really want that look but you don't need it Bec. Your inner beauty is the most beautiful thing about you but aside from that your gorgeous. Enjoy having a hilarious partner to keep you sane. You have some pretty amazing people in your team.
Bec your gorgeous gorgeous girl long hair short hair no hair some how you make it one of the most beautiful things I have seen! I love you and eamon praying for you both and sending your all the positivity! Also I am jealous of your awesome plant pot!
Bec you are so pretty and so strong!
I feel like your dog is such an angel , sent you you at the right time to help you through!!
You are ROCKIN Bec 💜💯We ❤You, and You are Going HELP so many people thru this platform.  Rock on WARRIOR 🎗
You are so strong girl! I am so proud of You! And Eamon - such a support! Love You guys, I know it only will get better for You!
You are both strong, capable and smart.  You aren’t your cancer.  Your beauty is not defined by what people see on your outside, but the love and energy that shines all around you.  Sending you both positive energy and love.  The courage and love you are displaying as you share this newest difficult adventure with the world is so selfless.  One word…amazing!
See you at 28:00 on the video in the car with all this shinny and blue sky around you, you're such a beauty with this earrings and your smile !!! Big love for you two 😘♥️✨
May God continue give you both strength in this journey🙏🏾🙏🏾
I am at 22:09 I just want to say bec you’re not your hair and you’re not your body. I love you🤍 so strong and so beautiful with any hairdo and none at all. Just so gorgeous all around.
You are pure beauty Bec inside and out . Eamon you are awesome and a beautiful human . The love you both have each other , will get you though this journey .  Love you both .
Eamon shave yours now!
You are just as beautiful young lady, prayers to you and Eamon
❤🤎❤🤎❤🤎❤🤎❤🤎❣
Your hair looks incredible!!! I think I even like this more than your long hair!!!
Wow you look so beautiful with no hair. Always remember you're beauty is always on the inside. Lee is watching over you and keeping you safe. 😘😘
Bec, you look amazing 👏
Hi Eamon You should do the same! For moral support and love.
Beckyyyyaaaahhhhh you look fabulous balddd……..like a model😎❤️🎉🎂🤩🥰😍🥳💋👄💐💐💐💐🌞🌟🌈
Bec you are stunning. Your beautiful Spirit inspires me so much. ❤️
Bec,you are so strong❤That should be your identity,not your hair.This is just a phase🥰
I think you look soooooo cute !
I donate my hair every few years and I get a little emotional every time I cut it. It’s so weird how we get attached to our hair. My dad went through chemo and he felt so guilty because for some reason he never lost his hair.  I’m sorry you’re going through this.
You look very beautiful Bec.
Feeling all the feels over here. ♥ Five weeks ago today, a good friend shaved off all my hair after it had started falling out on the day of my second round of chemo. Went from long and thick hair to almost nothing on my head. I now have two lovely wigs, a few beautiful caps and scarves and I am looking forward to the hair growing back and me experiencing all the different stages of that re-growth. Love to you and only the best and positive thoughts! We will beat this! 😘
Wow Beck you are so brave to share your story. You are beautiful with or without hair you are still the same person regardless of your appearance. Emon you rock take care of that special girl. Love you guys take care until next time.
We love you Eamon & Bec! Sending so much love and light to you both! Bec, you look absolutely beautiful queen. You've got this <3
Aaw I commented on your last video to check how you were both doing aswell! So glad your staying as positive as you can I cant imagine how hard that must be for you both ❤your new 'temporary ' look is gorgeous! Congratulations on 1m SUBSCRIBERS!😁hugs from me and Ann-Marie xx
You look awesome bec! You're so gorgeous! Lots of love - stay strong!
I've got one of those moles underneath my hair too! Mole buddies (:
❤️
I am NOT crying! 💚 Sending sunshine, strength and love your way. Been there and i know you'll come out greater, better and stronger. #ShaniquaTheWig
SENDING LOVE TO YOU BEC 💖💖💖
You do rock!  You have a beautifully shaped head 😊 Having and illness and having treatments is really hard to go through. I have a chronic kidney disease and spent 8 years on dialysis but 2 years ago I got a transplant. It’s not only a day by day process but some days hour by hour.  You are doing awesome!!
God bless you and your family ❤️
Love you guys! 💕
I can totally sympathized with you.  I had a kidney disease as a child ...one of the medications made me lose my hair, so I was bald.  The wig that I had was very frizzy. Not as beautiful as yours!  Also...you look beautiful bald!  You've got this!!! Prayers being said for you and your journey.
You are adorable in short hair. You are adorable bald. Sending you so much support and positive vibes from the state of Virginia
Sending peace and love your way. Bec, you’re beautiful. Stay strong.
Just memories. You'll be fine. Keep your faith my dear.
Oh Eamon. You are one special man. Becks, hang in there, honey.
Ooh Bec,it’s not our appearance that makes us beautiful,it’s the person we’re inside,how we treat people and how we contribute to Society and your do that with flying Color’s,you guys will look back at all of you journey and love and value each other so much more,stay positive Bec,if anyone can do this is you 💪🏼 My hat goes off to your man,he’s one of a kind 💓
Just remember, all the good things are on the inside ❤️
That’s not a mold that’s a beauty mark ur beautiful
Two things: I cried like a baby during this video! And secondly YOU ARE FREAKING GORGEOUS BALD!! Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You are strong and radiant and I absolutely adore the both of you.
Yo I just spent 30 minutes crying…. I was thinking about lee at the beginning and I truly broke down when you said you wanted to feel strong and that’s why you were wearing her shirt. I’m so sorry you’re going through this but I cannot wait to see how healthy and happy and vibrant you are in a year…. With all that hair back 🥰🥰🥰 and I absolutely love how you have the worlds best cheerleader right by your side. You shaved half and he’s so pumped! You guys rock. Many blessing being sent your way….. I love y’all 😍🥰😍🥰😍🥰
Bec, you are gorgeous inside and out. And as difficult as this journey has been for you so far, you seem to be handling it with beauty and grace. A shaved head makes you no less beautiful. In fact, I think you look awesome! You pull it off so well. Many continued prayers for you (and Eamon) as you continue along this journey. 🙏🏻
I was holding it together watching this until “I am wearing Lee’s sweater…”. That was it for me the tear started flowing and they haven’t stopped. The beauty and strength you both exude is so genuine and soul touching💜. Fuck you cancer
I cried the second you got the plant with glasses how sweet. You guys are so amazing and sharing this journey so closely I’m sure will be such a help for people going through similar trials. Your bravery going through this and sharing it is so amazing. Sending strength and healing your way as you continue this fight!!!
I just want to send my love and hugs to your both. Yes Bec you are beautiful. You are both such incredible people. Thank you for sharing your story.
Doing GREAT you are kicking ass!
You are so beautiful Bec. Including how you have been so real and raw during this process. ❤️🥰 You guys are amazing. We all are hugging you guys and cheering you on! You got this!
My heart aches for you bec but I know how strong you are!!! One day at a time! I watched my little cousin go through the chemo causality of hair loss and seeing this brought back so many memories! Just know when it comes back it is fierce and stronger than before! Sending healing light and love ♥️
Absolutely stunning!!
Love love you both..  🙏🏻❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🙋🏻
Bec you look beautiful and fierce! Cancer has got nothing on you!!! Thank you for being such an inspiration and showing us what true strength looks like! Portuguese sending much love from Ireland!  🤍
We love you Bec!
I had cancer an lost my hair. It bothered me in the beginning but i accepted it knowing that it would grow back.  It came back w more body curly an fuller than before.  So if your does what mine did.  U will love it  stay strong
I wish I could subscribe again and again. I love you guys so much!!! Bec, your beauty goes so far beyond the hair. You are beautiful with hair and beautiful without hair because you are a good and positive and considerate human being.
What an amazing woman you are, together such a power couple. I pray for you both in my prayers.
Eamon is so right Bec, You rock it! Im sending both of you as much positive energy as I can all the way from Germany. Take care. <3
Love from India ❤️
I always thought you were a beautiful lady. But wow!! You are such a sexy lady without hair. And that guy of yours. He is a winner. You two complement each other so much. Xoxo 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Bec you are soo beautiful! You have a perfectly shaped head!
Rocking it girl! Best wishes to you.. xx
Shaved head Bec is a hottie! I'm sending all the good vibes I can to you both! Also, I've never cried and laughed so hard in my life, all the love to you both!
Sending so much love to you both 💗 I am so amazed by your positive spirit and Eamon’s loving support! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!
Your so strong and beautiful
You guys are amazing! Your love for each other will conquer all!
Sending so much love to beautiful souls 💕
Thank you sharing this incredibly personal journey.   This video gave me all the feels. I wish I could hug you both.  Beautiful human  inside and out. 🌻🌻🌻
Thank you Eamen for caring for Bec so beautifully
sending love! you are so amazing and strong for staying so positive and opening up this journey to all of us. everytime i watch one of these I get a pang in my heart and hope you have the smoothest journey possible.   LOL bear drooling at the sight of the food how adorable  the speed that you adapt and bounce back is inspiring
i think your hair looks dope asf it fits you tbh
Ur rocking the bald.. u are beautiful.. not everyone can pull this off..
What a beautiful video!
Bec you are beautiful no matter what. Keep that sparkle in your eye.
❤
I love you, you’re strong, you’re beautiful and you can do this! I send you all the love and support that is humanly possible! ❤️
Girl, you look so good with short hair or no hair. I agree with Eamon that you can rock that look! And it's so much easier to care for. Love to you both.
love you so much x
Eamon and Bec... you are loved!! Bec,  you are beautiful in all light.  Bald is beautiful and your strength is in your soul. You are so courageous for sharing this journey of yours with the world. I took care of my mom through 10 yrs of breast 🎀 cancer. Like her you just radiate beauty long hair short hair no hair... your soul is just amazing. Eamon, you are so strong and such an amazing person for being that rock for your love. You both are such amazing Beautiful people. Sending love and light and all the positive vibes from Massachusetts.
Soooo beautiful and strong❤️❤️❤️
You are amazing and strong, our hearts are with you 🙏💖🙏
You’re beautiful inside and out. Love to you both.
Um Bec? Duuuude, all I kept thinking was badass GI Jane vibes!! I'm crying with you and at the same time, so much respect and love and you are a warrior, thank you for sharing your powerful journey with us, I know you're strangers but I love you guys so much and have been sending you positive vibes daily over the last few weeks.  Freaking gorgeous, I thought Demi Moore nailed that look but damnnnn girl, you blew it out of the water 💜💜💜💜💜💜
Bec, you are honestly MORE beautiful with your shaved look. Your long hair is gorgeous and you look so beautiful without it, too. Stay strong 💪
WHAAATTTT! I hate to say it but the bold look really works for you.  Thanks for sharing this journey with us.
Bec, you are truly beautiful INSIDE and OUT!!! Sending you so much love and positivity <3
You are beautiful and soooo loved ✨💖  Stay strong girl!
Bec, your hair is beautiful but you hair did not make you beautiful! You are the most amazing beautiful person with or without hair! Love your beautiful self, you are amazing! ❤️❤️ And definitely sport the ball cap with hair! My Mom did when she lost her hair, it made her feel fun & sassy! 🥰
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
CONGRATS ON 1 MIL ✨✨✨
Stay strong! Your beautiful and you totally rock the bald!! Embrace it! ❤️
You are effing gorgeous Bec! I mean LOVELY!!! I’m a bit jealous of how good you look bald. I KNOW I wouldn’t look that pretty!! 😂 Lee is w you forever and always. And Eamon! My God dude. You are every woman’s dream of support and love. You’re doing everything right. Love you both so much!!
Bec you just seem to pull off any look! You look so amazing bald, and that wig is amazing!!
YOU are beautiful. You are loved by many. Love heals.
Bec you look SO beautiful (only highlighted by your amazing energy and light!). Sending you both so much love! <3
Bec, I don’t even have words. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. You and Eason have something truly special and I’m so glad you are supported with so much love. You are so beautiful and continue to be an inspiration to so many. Sending all my love, strength, and healing vibes your way💕
Cancer or not you rock the bald look Becca
You both are awesome. To share your journey together is so powerful!! Love the humor you both have. Bec, you are always beautiful, inside and out. Eamon you are an extraordinary partner. Both of you will be on the other side of this journey because of your love for each other   Prayers and thoughts everyday to you both and Oso as well. He seems like a charm!!!
You are so beautiful! 💜
bec you are absolutely beautiful, i send all my love to you 🤍🤍
Ok I knew this would be emotional to watch but wow 🥺. Your so strong and you have so much love and support 💙💜
SO SO SO PROUD OF YOU BEC!!!! YOU LOOK FANTASTIC!!!!
all my love for you both ❤️ stay strong Bec! 🥰
Your eyelashes are beautiful too Bec!! After your last video I wanted to send you a care package. Do you accept prezzies?? I’ve been watching you guys for years now (this is my second channel). I’ve been here since Morocco.. or maybe a bit before that. Bec, you’re stunning with and without the wigs! Eamon, I am sending you strength too! You guys are both doing amazing navigating this, as you have throughout all the ups and downs. 🤍✨
Oh Bec, I cried with you through this video. You are so brave sharing it all with us, but OMG do you look great bald. You have a perfect shaped head and the lack of hair shows off your beautiful eyes. You're stunning either way, with or without hair.   Eamon you are a star. You are so supportive and loving all the way. Love to you both. xx
Cancer is a hard and bumpy journey. This video was hard to watch, my mom’s living through it also. Life isn’t always easy. I learned that it takes a lot of strength. You are strong. We need to live our lives despite cancer, to not let it win even if sometimes we need to take a break and rest. Sending lots of ♥️.
STAY STR❤NG💪
Sending love and healing vibes. Bec you’re as beautiful as ever! Eamon your love and encouragement is awesome. May you both continue to have strength and peace through your journey.
Absolutely stunning with or without hair. You rock girl xxx
Brave girl! Love from London ❤️
💛
Bec you're gorgeous!!! And Eamon the planter gift was so thoughtful and meaningful. What a sweet reminder. You two are awesome.💜
You are beautiful just the way you are, Bec. I'm so inspired by how strong you are for fighting this. It is such a blessing having support like Eamon beside you. You guys are such an amazing couple! I hope you will get better soon, send much love and prayers. You guys help so many people all this time, we wish all the best for you both 🥰❤
The Bob makes you look younger. You look fab bald too.  The wig is great too.  You have a lovely, beautiful face.
Sending so much love and support! Bec, you are a babe!
Eamon you are beautiful ❤️ bec no Word about that.. you are powerfull and a strong woman
Eammon and Bec I love the fact that you trust us enough to share these tough tough moments. Your love transcends the physical and shows us what a truly meaningful connection is possible when the two of you are so selfless. ❤️
You look so incredibly beautiful at every stage of this journey Bec <3 You rock, you both do. Thank you for sharing this with us. Love from France xxx
This video has me SOBBING. Bec you’re so strong and I appreciate you sharing your positive moments as well as the really hard vulnerable moments. And Eamon you’re being such a wonderful, supportive, and strong partner for Bec. We all love you both so much! ❤️
YOU ARE THE BEST LOOKING BALD PERSON I'VE EVER SEEN. IT'S ACTUALLY CRAZY. BEAUTIFUL ♥♥♥
The Bob (think about it) totally suits you!!!  I've been checking every day for your vlog.  So happy to see you!!!
You are Beautiful!!! Inspiring!!
I’ve been following you both for years now. I always look forward to watch your videos on the couch with some tea every Sunday morning. Your van travels inspired me a few years ago to build out my own van. You’re both so inspiring and bec looks badass bald! Sending love and light your way.
You both are so strong and powerful bec you are so beautiful inside and out. I love you both so much thank you for being apart of my life ❤️
Man I love you guys!
Love ❤️ Love ❤️ LOVE ❤️ you both for everything you do! Sharing your story, your love, your trials and challenges… being real, honest and hopeful! You’re both such an inspiration and I look forward every Sunday to spending a little time in your corner of the internet ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Love and Light ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you so much for sharing your life with us! You’re gorgeous - embracing the freedom of the societal expectations of womens hair. Your absolutely amazing with our without it. We all love you so much ♥️
you both rock :)
You are beautiful bald. You’ve got this.
Sending so much love and healing,  I have you in my distance reiki list Bec, also Eamon you’re there too to keep sending you strength as your journey together continues.  Please always be open to receive 🙏 ❤️‍🩹
You are gorgeous Bec! Love seeing you glow. All the best guys! ❤️
It’s a bit dusty in here after watching that 🥲 so so much love you’re incredible Bec ❤️
I love that you shear your experience. You guys are brave.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
I'm so emotional. You are so strong Bec and I send you my love. I'm also used to having long hair, but two years ago I decided to donate my hair as I know it is a privilege to have it. I am again saving so that can donate once more when it grows long enough so that one person can get a wig of long hair. It's all I can do, but I wish I there was something else I could do.  And Eamon - you are so kind and your love for Bec is amazing. You guys are so good to one another. I wish I one day will find that kind of connection <3 Take care guys! Lots of love from Norway!
I think you look BEAUTIFUL Bec. Your hair does not define your beauty. Your spirit does and it is SHINING through with or without your hair. I hope you have a remarkable day! Much love!
Believe first and keep your morale high, then you will win.🙏🙂👍♥️
You really do have a beautifully shaped head and you look awesome bald.
You look like such a diva. Thank you for sharing your journey. Sending everything beautiful y’all’s way
It is sort of amazing how attached we are to our hair.  When I went through my breast cancer battle a year and a half ago, I came to embrace each step of the process as being one step closer to getting back my good health and MY life.  That doesn't mean I didn't have little breakdowns along the way.  This is normal.  But keeping a positive mindset is so important in this journey and you have that resilience and grit to get through this.  I am praying for you and I know you will get through this too.  Every trial we go through in life makes us grow as people.  You've got this, Bec!  Thank God for Eamon!  He is a keeper!  Love to you both!
Wow you are so brave both of you sending positive vibes and love from 👍🏻🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿👍🏻
I have a feeling Eamon is going to use the wigs more than Bec will 🤣 Bec you really are a beautiful baldy, I will admit 🥰
Bec you are an inspiration. Your beauty is in every aspect of your life. Your ability to see that is just a bonus. I’m totally diggin the bald vibe!! Bless your heart💗
You are a beautiful person inside and that is what matters. When my mom had chemo, from breast cancer, after she lost her hair, she did not have to shave her legs or under arms again. She did grow her hair back. Praying for y'all. God bless you.
So pretty! You rock the look!
Mucha fuerza!! Todo va a salir bien.  Un saludo y  mucho animo  desde España.
I love you guys.
The Bob looks adorable!   You look amazing with no hair!  You’ve got this Bec!    Loving the wig, I think you should name her Roxanne! 🙏🏼💗🙏🏼💗🙏🏼💗🙏🏼💗
You look awesome!!!  My wife asked me the same thing  to shave her when she was in a similar situation.  I thought she looked so sexy “Wakanda forever”.  And don’t worry, it grows back.  Be strong 💪 and you will do great.
You are stunning!!!!!!❤️🌻🥰🙏
So much love for you both 💕
Gentle hugs.... hang in there... you are enough..
My heart is breaking for you but like Eamon said “it is hair and it will grow back” you are beautiful no matter! Eamon is such an awesome, supportive loving partner. Thank you so much for being so strong and sharing this journey with us. You are an amazing beautiful woman. Sending you both lots of hugs, love and healing energy. 💜
Love to you and Eamon.
Eamon you such a great partner
Wonder Woman ❤️
Thank you so much for trusting us to share this journey. You will overcome this. Sending you love, healing and strength. You are beautiful bald. Eamon you are amazing. ❤❤❤
Oh my goodness you are gorgeous ❤️
Thank you both Becca and Eamon for sharing your story with us all. You are both beautiful people.
You’re so beautiful, Bec!
You are beautiful!!!!!!!!!!
My mom lost all her hair last year when she went through Chemotherapy for breast cancer. She is now cancer free and her hair has grown back thicker and a little curlier than before, she has never looked cuter!! Try to look forward to all the fun wigs you can experiment with and a fresh start with your hair when it grows back. Sending love and light <3
Love you guys!
Your both beautiful people, so amazing.
Lcan we shave our heads too
Bec, You sweet girl , are absolutely gorgeous!!! 😊
You are beautiful inside and out ❤️
Bec, you are amazing. Eamon you are amazing. Love you guys. The shaved head is so beautiful
Thank uou for posting .  We ve been worried and praying for this to go fast and heal .  I think the baseball cap was rad!!!!
You can pull off any look
You are incredibly beautiful in so many ways Bec! Sending you lots of positive and good vibes 💕 And of course not forget Eamon. He is incredible too! The way he makes you smile and takes care of you is so special.
As Eamon keeps saying: you look beautiful! And also you are beautiful on the inside! Keep being strong<3 sending lots of love from Norway
You look beautiful, Bec. Thank you for sharing during such a vulnerable time, sending much love and support <3
You sharing your journey Bec is heroic and selfless. Many will be empowered and lifted up by your sharing. You ARE Bald and Beautiful!
Bec you look so so beautifullll no matter what hairstyle you have. I am rooting for you and sending lots of love to you and eamon. 🤍
Love you Bec ❤️
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL! You two have been such an inspiration to me. You're the only channel I can laugh, cry and smile with all in the span of 30 minutes. Thank you for being here and for being so raw and relatable. I love you two.
I think it’s so fitting that you spent so much time creating a beautiful safe stable home base so that you had the foundation to fight this. Blessings to you both 💕
❤️
Haven't got 5 minutes in but my hearts breaking. I know the devastation of losing all your hair. Praying for you.
You look beautiful Bec❤️
😭
Congratulations on the 1 million! May God carry you thru to the other side of this! Thank you for sharing your journey  You are helping so many others going thru the same❤️🙏✝️
Awe Bec! Big hug to you both! Hang in there!
You are beautiful no matter what
You r Beautiful
you look amazing!  it is beautiful to see how strong you are! just a quick question : why don't you say call someone you lovd anymore at the end. it was always sich a great tjing for me to be reminded of that
This is the most beautiful Bec I’ve ever seen 💛
Even in losing your hair you look so beautiful! You definitely wore your hair, it didn’t wear you.
I couldn't love this more....beautiful Bec....much love xx💗💗
Everyone can agree bec is an absolute trooper
You both rock so hard! Sending so much love and energy your way
Not many people can pull off the bald look but you can.  You look beautiful bald.  You can go without the wig and you look beautiful.
Bec you are absolutely stunning no matter what! Sending you all my love!
You are so pretty with or without your hair. I'm a Leo and our "thing" is our "mane" so I understand how difficult it was at the start. But not having to shave is awesome LOL. I'm praying for your complete healing. Kudos to Eamon for all his support. He loves you so much. It's so obvious. Take care and thank you for sharing your journey.
Bec you are so amazing and strong. I am so inspired by your bravery! You are so gorgeous with or without hair. Your beauty comes from your heart and can I say Eamon is a total rockstar! How lucky you are to have him in your life! Sending big hugs!❤️
You really do look GREAT 👍🏽
So so beautiful girl💙
You really do look like a rock star.
Okay, this is going to sound weird with what you are going through, but you just EXUDE good health. Your skin, your eyes, your color - it’s obvious that you make your health a priority because if you can look this good battling cancer and cancer treatment you are obviously making very good choices!
Thank you so much for sharing. You are so brave, both of you. Oso falling off the bed was cute, he seems like a great dog x
Bec you are an inspiration, your strength is so beautiful. And dang girl you are rocking the bald look!
not many people can pull of a bold head but eamon is right, you look great !!!
YOU ARE SUCH A BADASS BEC!
Youre amazing and beautiful Bec. Your strong and powerful. Take each day at a time, breathe and take the time to treat yourself. Some days are best as cookie days, make some cookies and enjoy them. That's how I see my Celiac Disease. Some days I just want to make cookies and rest and enjoy my cookies that I put my energy into. I know that's unrelated but its a good way to view the rough days.
Sending so much love ❤️ you are so beautiful Bec xx
Eamon you are such an amazing and supportive partner. I hope you are also taking care of yourself right now. Bec, Eamon was telling the truth. You do look so cool with a shaved head and honestly pull it off beautifully. Thank you for sharing your journey with us and I wish the both of you all the best. I know you’ll beat this and come out stronger the other side 🤍
A very dear friend lost her hair in similar circumstance.  Like you, darling Bec, she is tall ,slender and very beautiful.  When the hair came off the shape of her head became obvious. Perfectly shaped LIKE YOURS. Who knew!!! Bye, bye mole!!!!
Love, love, love. Xx
You are so strong and you are beutyful! Stay strong! <3 Creds to Eamon for being strong and positive with you!
Don't let Eamon see this .To be honest I had a crush on you with the hair and without your hair . I believe that your strong point is your personality . Keep loving . Keep smiling and just keep being you WE LOVE YOU 💕💕
Sending you both love and positive vibes.  Love you!
Bec you look absolutely stunning bald. Eamon the love you have for Bec was radiating throughout this video.
You look just as beautiful with a shaved head as you do with long hair. 🥰
Bec...you are beautiful, with or without hair. Your bravery and honesty through all this is an inspiration and Eamon's support, encouragement and love brings joyful tears to my eyes. Much love to both of you.
Bec...you are a beautiful woman...inside and out...hair or no hair...you are that special person....you and Eamon are a beautiful couple 😍 ❤️
Thank you so much for continuing to share your journey with us, and being so vulnerable. As a long time follower it’s a privilege to continue to be along for the ride! 💛 🌻
What a beautiful journey! Every video I’ve clicked on from your channel has been so inspiring. I admire your strength Bec and your support Eamon! Sending love and prayers from Oregon 🌲💕
You are a warrior.  You always have been.  Hair is merely an accessory.
you are soooooooo beatifull!!
bec really can pull off any hairstyle, all of them make her look so beautiful 🤍
Your BEAUTIFUL Bec ❤️😍
You are such a strong person, thanks for sharing your journey.  Thoughts and prayers for you.🙏💕
God bless
Why oso have a cone on his head
Sending so much love to both of you and your families. ❤️
Bad ass Bec, love how much you feel your emotions
I don't normally comment on videos but I have to say 1. Girl you are a ray of sunshine 2. You are fierce 3. You are stunning long, short or bald. 4. You have such an amazing man by your side.   You both change lives and bring happiness to so many people. So, thank you ❤🌍💙🍁
Bec you’re beautiful!!!
Love u guy!!! Becca ur doing awesome as u are awesome!!! U GOT THIS GIRL!!! WE R ROOT8NG FOR YA!!!
You truly rock the bald look because you’ve got such a lovely face, and can I just say how wonderful Eamon is with his unwavering support. Sending love and light 💕
KATY. Call the wig Katy. 🤗🙂
Sending a hug from Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿❤️
Eamon is saying the truth, Beck you look so beautiful and sweet! I love it🤍 You are so strong and encouraging dude, like I could literally never💪🏻 I love y'all so much💕
Bec your so beautiful!
We care 💕💕💕❤️🇦🇺👍
Thank you both for being you
Oh Bec you are so beautiful inside and out. And, Eamon you are such a pillar of support...much love and healing to you both
Bec you look beautifullllllllll
Watching such a beautiful couple is so inspirational. Bec you are beautiful with or without hair & Eamon you are a great young man standing by your lady & bestie. Keep looking after Bec during this emotional time. My Sister went through this and is fit and well again now.
You’re the most beautiful girl on this planet
Yes Bec, you do look great bald!!!
After i turned 40 I started only washing my hair once a week because I started losing the same amount of hair every time I showered. I'm 42 now and my hair has thinned so much and showering is a little traumatizing. So I totally understand that fear.
Bec, you are truly an inspiration. Thank you for being you ❤️
Your still gorgeous 👍
Your doing an amazing keep going. Eamon time to shave your head now 🥰
A lady I knew years ago had breast cancer in the late 70s said that her hair didn't fall out but everywhere else did and never came back. Everyone is different with that too.
Actually you do look beautiful and you don't know how many people will show their support and shave their head for you. You Rock. You got this
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Eamon is right, you are absolutely beautiful Bec ♥️
You are truly amazing, both of you. Thank you so much for sharing you are always in my thoughts and I find myself checking instagram to see if you’ve posted. Sending so much love your way and all my prayers xx xx
Bec you’re beautiful!!!
I can relate to this so much. Been through this with my wife 2 years ago. Eamon, you're doing awesome, Bec, you are strong and will not only be ok, but you will thrive. Love to you both.
You both are WARRIORS - your willingness to share this journey is overwhelming.  Thank you.
Yeah, that first shower after a big haircut…🤯
Bec you look so beautiful!  You are so strong. Watching this I love to see how supportive you both are of each other. Sending you both so much love and positivity!❤️✨.
Bec asking for a mohawk while crying had me laughing while absolutely bawling my eyes out 😂😭 love you guys xx
I’m so thankful there is a cure for you.  You do look pretty.  I can’t believe you have an cl head…. Your head is perfect
You have a beautiful face, smile and heart.  Love you guys.
Sending you so much love and light though your journey. You are so brave and rocking the new look! 🤍🙏
Watching this broke my heart. The positivity both yourself and Eamon try and uphold throughout this is admirable. So strong. My thoughts are with you during this unimaginable time. Sending love, light and strength your way. So truly underserving of any of this. Your videos have provided me with such happiness and light for years, through some difficult times. The fact you continue to create content and still manage at points to make us all smile giggle and feel apart of this journey with you is something you should be so proud of you and thank you for. You rock every hairstyle, the kindest and prettiest human. Lots of love
Hey lovely beautiful humans! I wanted to suggest Trixie as the name for your wig. Also all the love and good vibes, love you both lots! And Oso obviously ❤❤❤
Bec, you have a beautiful face and perfect shaped head to be bald. You look like a strong, fierce Queen!!!! Love you sweet girl!! Keep your head up ❤️
You look amazing without hair 💖
Bec, I pray for you and Eamon every night.  You are beautiful inside and out.  Hugs to you!!!!!
Sending healing energy your way Bec - you two are lovely humans. Speaking from the standpoint of a guy whose been shaving his head for years (not a fan of the comb over) - quick showers are definitely a benefit. Oh, you both look fabulous with wigs! And the bald look is fabulous!
Bec, I think I cried with you from start to finish. You’re amazing, gorgeous, strong, inspiring, true 💞💞💞💞 sending you sunshine and strength.
Love this video 🤍 you guys have inspired me through my own journey. I found out I have early stages of cervical cancer at 22 and now I’m 24 still currently awaiting further treatments. I’m so glad things are moving quickly for you! You make me feel less scared with what’s to come my way 🌱
You're beautiful no matter what Bec. It is your amazing personality that shines. Sending so much love 💗
This journey will be worth it. Thank you for sharing and keeping it real. Bec -You are beautiful with or without hair, Eamon - you are a fantastic support system, way to be up for anything. and to both of you- the love between the two of you is inspiring.
Sweet Bec, all of your episodes are one step ahead of my cancer journey. I'm 22 and I was diagnosed last week with Lymphoma cancer. I'm finishing my fertility treatment this week and I'm starting chemotherapy right after. I'm very sad and afraid to lose my long hair, I love styling it and I'll miss it. I really understand you and you're not alone in this! Your videos are preparing me for what's coming, I'm very grateful. Bec you look stunning and beautiful, much love to you from Québec!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
OMG YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!! Forgetting the Chemo, you rock the bald look like a super model.  Love you!
You can rock any hairstyle bec! You're doing so well. I'm glad to be apart of this journey with you, love you guys so much ♥️
We are definitely rooting for you and praying for strength. Don't worry your beautiful personality will always shine through. blessings.
You are not your physical body.
Bec, you are stunning and so so brave. Thank you for sharing this with us. Sending you and Eamon all my love 🤍
Just love you both❤️
I cry every time I watch one of your videos about your cancer journey. I genuinely feel like you and Eamon are my friends who I catch up with every Sunday. I feel the sadness and pain of everything you're going through as if we were real life friends... I suppose that's the power of the internet!! praying for both of you through this tough time knowing you'll be back travelling the world in no time!!xx
Again, thank you for sharing this hard journey.
No matter what you are beautiful. I like you and admire you. You rock!❤️❤️❤️
Stay strong and keep going forward. This will pass and we are ALL rooting for you guys!
You look beautiful Bec !   Good luck on your treatment 🤞🙏🏽😎🇺🇦
You look amazing! You both are handling this with such grace. I can 100% relate to the self consciousness about the mole you had...I also have one on my head & I always try to hide it with my hair.
Oh Bec 🥺 I was crying with you while Eamon was shaving your head. You are so so strong and beautiful, with or without your hair. You’re gonna kick this cancer’s ass and grow it all back ❤️
You are really beautiful inside and out
You look so good 👍
You are so brave!! And beatiful ❤ Sending a lot of positive vibes!!
Crying with you through this video as if I’ve known you my whole life. You look beautiful bald and at least you have a great shaped head 😉 Sending healing vibes your way ❤️
Stay strong I too Battle with cancer and loss hair it was a emotional roller coaster dealing with feeling sick all the time and my hair falling out. But I can tell u things get better . My hair is coming really good and I’m feeling bettter .cancer  changes your outlook at life but also makes you stronger many blessings to both of you
Sending positive energy love you guys
Sweet Becc, you are so much more than the hair on your head!  Beautiful, inside & out!  Lee is so proud of you & your strength...so am I!  Eamon, your support, love, encouraging is such a blessing.  Please remember that the most beautiful things can come from the most terrible of times.  The two of you can do anything you have proved that over & over...this is just more proof!  YOU GOT SUNSHINE ON ALL OF THE DAYS...ALL OF THEM!
Your strong and beautiful inside and out!  Prayer for California! Your amazing!!!
My cancer treatment/journey is so different. The meds are so $$$$ and I cannot afford food, daily living. I’m glad you have a good support system. 😕😕
You can do henna designs on your beautiful head..jazz things up!! Thoughts and healing light sent to you Bec💛
"You don't need hair for love." So sweet! ❣️🌺
I had cancer 24 years ago and I’m now the ripe young age of 60 and for  the last 8 years I take part in “brave the shave “ where I have my head shaved and raise money for Macmillan nurses - you look fab ❤️
You are stunning in your beauty inside and out in any situation!  You guys are just amazing and I learn a lot from you both about coping in every situation. So thank you very much! Thank you for who you are and for sharing your journey with us
I’m half way through the video and I’m taking a break. Because while I see the smiles I also hear the voice. Love you both, however, Bec needs more love showing so I love her more today!
Honestly beck u look soooooo good
In 2017 my aunt got diagnosed with a type of blood cancer, so she had to shave her hair. So in order to show her that hair it's just hair, I cut my long princess like hair into a bob, and told her  that hair is just an accessory, and doesn't define who you are as an individual.  So today I'll say this to you, beautiful Bec: you're a marvelous human being because of the way you are, not because of your hair or your clothes or any other accessory. Don't ever forget that.   Lots of love and hugs from Argentina.
You need to switch it up do every kind of wig possible... every color possible ....you just absolutely need to have a blast with it..... Pink was awesome for me blonde was absolutely not working and I'm glad that I never dyed it blonde..... And I don't look good in Gray....... So that means I'll be coloring my hair into my 80s
You look beautiful no matter what stage your hair is at! 🥰
Bec- you are so beautiful in and out. Your smile is so big and bright and that’s all I see as I watch your videos. You look totally badass with a shaved head, and not many people can pull it off. All my prayers are with you, all the love to you 🤍
All my best wishes and loves to you bec and get well soon
Sending positive vibes to both of you. Love you guys. Your head looks AMAZING!. You got this BEC!
💜💜💜
You look SO CUTE with short hair! Your going to have so much fun growing it out when it grows back 😍🥰
You are stunning inside and out ❤
You two are amazing! Positive energy to both of you! Hang in there! ♥♥♥♥
OMG!!!! You look so beautiful. You have the perfect shaped head.  Absolutely gorgeous 💗💗💗
You are so strong. Sending good vibes and good energy Eamon and Bec.💗💗💗
Sending healing and great vibes to you both. 😌🙏🕉️📿
Omg I have a big head no wonder I like you
Eamon is right, you do carry the new look fabulous. Sending you love ❤️
Bec you are absolutely beautiful 😘
Bec, you look beautiful ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
Bec you are so stunning inside and out! Every style you have you absolutely rock. Healing energy and love to you both 💜
Bec you are absolutely  beautiful.  And Eamon the gift was perfect.  Best wishes to you both ❤️
You are beautiful, the shave is beautiful. It lets the light from within shine even brighter.
Crying with you when you were in the shower. Crying when Eamon cut your hair…He is such a great supporter…You are so beautiful with or without hair. GI Jane part 2! Strong and ready for the fight!!
Bec, you look amazing.
Bec, you are beautiful inside and out! But I think most women would struggle to shave off their hair as it is so much a part of our identity. I would have cried too. But this is temporary and you look amazing. Love the headscarves and the ballcap  with hair - how great is Eamon to think of that! And you look so cute in it!. But the wig..wow, you'd never know it wasn't your real hair! It's crazy!  I think very few women can pull off totally bald and still be stunning but you are one of them.   But ultimately everything we face in life makes us grow and learn what's  really important. I'm so looking forward to your video where you tell us you are cancer free! Sending you positive energy, prayers and love.♥️♥️♥️
You look good with or without hair! I wish you health happiness . Thank you for sharing your yourney met with us.
You will overcome this! You look so beautiful no matter with or without hair.   Honestly you look badass without hair
Holy moly you look like a model, Bec. And now both you and Eamon have amazing hair options with all those wigs! Sending love ❤️
Bec, you are beautiful! Wear your battle scars (hair loss) proudly! You are a warrior! Eamon you are so special too! Thanks for being the kind of partner every woman needs while going through something like this. Thanks buddy!
Hair is just something that grows like fingernails you cut them they grow back you are a very beautiful and stunning looking woman you have an amazing Heart of Gold
Bec & Eamon, love you guys so much! Thank-you for the vlog ❤
You look so amazing in that bob style hair Bec. I cried with you when you shaved, but now there is another era. No more losing hair, now you wait for the first signs of growing hair. One day soon you will discover some fuzziness on you head. And btw, you are beautiful bald, you rock it, and that to fits you. You got this Bec, one step everyday back to health. <3
Go girl with the bold look. You look great 💕💕
I love that you are sharing your story and how how we attach our femininity to our hair and I look at how easy we can hide behind it too. Your hair doesn’t make you beautiful your spirit does and that is why I like watching your channel because you see the beauty in nature and in people. We see the beauty in you always.
I’m sending all the love and support 💜
we love you bec, you are the bravest ❤️❤️
Y’all always make me smile but this video in particular was so unbelievably touching and raw. You both bring the community so much joy and we’re all rooting for you ❤️
We are with you in every way 💜💜
My sister had a henna artist create a design on her head when she lost her hair. Be brave beautiful woman.
Your honesty and positive attitude amazes me. This time in your life is so private and intimate. The love you have in your life will carry you through your challenge. Love and healing hugs to you
Keep shining Bec, you are so strong and beautiful long hair or not. You will get through this and I’m so excited to see the bob again soon. Sending you so much healing and positive vibes ☀️🤩
"Bec Boutique" That's a good name!
I shaved my hair once, but just because I want it. I really understand you, because I understand that your fear it’s increased by the illness. But one cousine did it too and she still looks beautifull and she battle the cancer succesfully. I hope you the best <3
Bec i dont know you. You are beautiful, you are strong. You have the love and support of your amazing husband,family, and your extend family here on youtube.
I love your husband,he's so compassionate. Stay strong,your beautiful anyways.your young and healthy you will beat this.
Sending love and strength to you bec. You're so lucky to have such an amazing man in your life. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
you don’t look great bald like you said. You look beautiful, fantastic, amazing, inspiring, strong, powerful!!!
Guys I just burst into tears at the plant pot. Gosh I love you two ❤️❤️
Love u bec!  My dad had his first cycle of chemo and lost his.  Wish I could hug u! Hugs to both!    And huge hugs to Eamon for strength while he is there for u.  And the Bob was so cute!!!!
BEC you still look gorgeous, sending love and prayers to you from the UK
You look beautiful and your smile lights up the world around you 🤗
Bald Babe Buddies UNITE! You can do this Bec! I've got two months of chemo to go too! Here's to quick remission for us both!
hug keep fighting congratulations to one million followers
You are so fierce! You're relationship is so sweet
So pretty u go girl you look so strong
Sending my love and positive vibes!! ❤️❤️❤️
Big Hugs sent your way! 💗
I also just wanted to say your as beautiful with hair or without hair it’s what’s inside and your just a beautiful lady . Sending much love and hugs your way 🥰
Sending so much love ❤️  you are a beautiful badass ❤️  you are stronger than you think . ❤️  plus you have the best man in the world 🙏
you got this Bec even though whats lost will be memories the memories last forever and just like that plant it will always grow back, We love you Bec, Sending love from Pennsylvania!!
🤍
awww Bec I'm balling so hard watching this. Hair is incredibly important, especially for women. Its your crown😭Eamons hair is perfect to add with yours... OMG... I can't with you guys. Really out here giving us all hope for the future just by being  you and having found each other. Thank you for being this honest with us <3 Also your hair reminds me of the movie Amelie like this and it's so bold and I love it
You look beautiful bec💗
Sending light and love you guys oh my goodness I'm crying with you stay strong💞 Bec you got this💪🏾
Oh my gosh! Bec can pull anything off!!! 😍 GORGEOUS
This breaks my heart. I’m so sorry you’re going through this. I’ve been praying for you. Eamon deserves man of the year award. Love you guys!!
Aww. I remember hearing Anne Hathaway say that getting her head shaved when she was paying Fantine in Les Mis was the hardest thing for her.  Getting the feels for y'all. Warmest, warmest wishes for health and love coming from Massachusetts. Oh, also, naming the wig. I say Veronica, like Veronica Lake.
Beautiful as always 💛
I’m pregnant and hormonal. I’m literally cryyyyiiinnngggg over your strength and beauty and LOVE! God bless you and your family
Oh, Bec you are rocking this look!  You have the most beautiful face, (and really good ears) you look great with any hair style. Love you guys❤️🤗 You got this💪🏼
Rooting for you Bec. You can beat this! Ps you’re beautiful. 😍
Bec you are beautiful. You both are beautiful. You are so strong.
You are beautiful Bec The shaved head /. You are chic & Rad!
sending happy magic vibes and sooo much love............. iv been growing my hair for 7 years to donate to wig for kids BC
You really look better in short hair! It suits your face.
Bec you are stunning no matter with hair or without🥰 Your so beautiful inside it just radiates on the outside. But for real tho, you can totally rock anything. You have proven that with this video. You are gorgeous😍 I love how supportive and attentive Eamon is. Couldnt ask for a better partner. The both of you together are just amazing. I dont even know the words to use. I just love you both with my whole heart and wishing you a speedy recovery and am praying for you every single day/night. Hang in there babe, your kicking ass and will continue to kick ass till theres nothing left to kick❤
You are beautiful, Bec.
You guys are amazing.   Bec you are gorgeous with or without hair, it radiates from inside you.  And Eamon, you are an amazing partner, your love for Bec is so special.    What an incredible team you guys make <3
Bec, you look absolutely amazing! Anyone could be jealous of your beautiful shaved head! ❤️ I wish I could rock it like you could ✨
I know how much you love plants and how much we need to care for them. When you prune plants, they come back beautiful and strong. It comes from within. This is who you are - you are beautiful and strong both out and especially from within. And you will bloom again.I’m sending you my prayers, strength and love. You are a survivor.And think of what the great Aimee from kinging it will do. She have fun and goes  on wig adventures. Keep the faith.
I wish I looked at that good with short hair, and with no hair she looks better than GI Jane
Sending lots of good energy and lots of love.
I LOVE how you're rocking the bald. It looks fantastic!! You're a badass, keep kickin butt.
You are so beautiful and have people around the world sending you love ❤️
Bec, I just want to say that you sharing this journey truly may save some lives. I think you showing this entire experience from diagnosis to treatment may encourage people to get mammograms and advocate for their health at a younger age, because breast cancer isn't something that only affects 50+ year old women. You are so unbelievably strong, and this is a sucky bump in the road that you and Eamon will overcome. Your support system from Eamon (I'm sure everyone wishes they had a rock-solid support cheerleader like Eamon in their corner) and also family and friends coupled with your strength and optimism is unmatched. You are an inspiration Bec! And Eamon, you are setting a high bar for partners supporting partners.
He is just everything 😩😍 you both deserve nothing but the best. Take care of each other, much love x
Omg that planter is the sweetest gift Eamon 🪴 Bec your courage is amazing and you got this girl ✊ we are all rooting for you 🤍 you beautiful soul 🙌
Hair always grows back.... And I'd always had straight hair in my entire life and it came back in very curly now I don't know what to do with it at all..... This is just the process it grows back then you'll be surprised of how it grows back it's only temporary.... And it should signify that you're on your way to being cancer  free.... Not that identifies you as being sick.... You got this girl.... I'm glad to see that you're slowly embracing it ... Because it's so road to healing
As soon as Eamon shaved that last piece of hair, you looked like a supermodel Bec! No joke; incredible! You are beautiful and you know that your hair doesn’t dictate your beauty. You are a beautiful person, and that starts from the inside ❤️❤️❤️ We love you so so so much and so proud of your strength!
Bec, you really look amazing! You are such a natural beauty ❤ prayers for your health 🙏
Thank you for telling and showing your story. Your going to beat this! You have so many more countries to visit.
Bec, I hope that one day I can be even half as strong as you! You are amazing, hairy or hairless! You are one of a kind!
You are sooo cute!  I found that I didnt like the wig. I just wore baseball caps and headbands. I can remember my best friend coming up from San Antonito. She and my 2 girls shaved my head and drank wine!
With everything you are going through, and it is a lot, I hope you know how much your bravery shines bright. Your sharing and your honesty are genuine and you are helping so many people with the information and feelings you are sharing with all of us. We are all here with you and holding you in our hearts.
Thank you for sharing your journey with us. The good and the hard. I appreciate you all being raw and honest. Sending you both good vibes and love.
As a cancer survivor I want to say u R AMAZING BEC, and EAMON too, LOTS OF LOVE TO U from us from Tuscany ❤️❤️🌈🌻
omg bec looks GORGEOUS with a shaved head like honestly it is the look the cool girlies want rn like it is HOTTTT 10/10
Bless your heart, I know how you feel. My hair and makeup was my thing, I got a Bob too. But it didn't last long. Hair was falling out, I'd brush and hair would come out in clumps, I don't know about Canada but my insurance let me get a beautiful wig. You are in my prayers and just keep fighting!
Bec you are BEAUTIFUL no matter what! You have such a beautiful soul and you inspire so many people. I  know you said  having a blad head is a sign of sickness, but I think it signifies strength and being a BADASS woman, which you are!! You are such an inspiration to so many! Praying for you daily and sending lots of love your way!! 💜
Have you never cut your hair short before? Your wig is amazing! Your bald head is amazing. You look beautiful any which way. Prayers continue.
Such a difficult time for you and I'm sorry. Please connect with a Reiki practitioner in your area and try listening to a healing frequency ( lots to choose from here on YouTube) My love to both of you.
I love that for every treatment you bring in a new little life force <3  Big hugs from the universe. ☀❤
I  am watching this and am finding it heartbreaking. All my love Bec.
I went through the cancer journey with my husband. I lost him the day after Christmas, but we didn't know he had it until he was at stage 4.  You having found out as soon as you did is a great thing and I truly believe that you will make it through this !!!!!!  You have the most important thing.....a wonderful support team in your partner, family and friends.  I shaved my head a few months ago just because it was popular thing at the time and I always wanted to try it.  I had hair to my butt.  I think that we as a society put too much stock into defining a woman or man by their hair.  I think you  look amazing no matter what!!!!  I love you guys and your are in my thoughts and prayers!!!!
You look so so strong and fierce !!!! Your face is so beautiful! We are sending so many healing vibes
Bec you look absolutely beautiful ❤️ don’t ever forget it ❤️ you are beautiful inside and out ❤️☺️
Your love story is present in every adventure, every project and now in your journey to wellness. Eamon is right, you are a beautiful woman, inside and out. 🌺
Sweet Bec. Sending so much love. Youll overcome!!
Keep going! You look amazing ! My mom had a hard time with losing her hair with chemo . Her hair was always dyed brown . When it grew back it was white as snow ! God has a plan for you guys ! Embrace it ! - Girl from MAINE ✌🏻❤️💯
Eamon, you are an amazing man! Your loving humor and support of Bec is inspiring. I have prayed as much for you as for her. May you both continue to be blessed with amazing strength and positivity. Bec…. You look amazing!
Holy crap Bec, what a beautiful soul. You got this, Stay Strong!💪👊
Such an amazing beautiful women!! We love u guys
Oh my gosh! I have a mole on my head just like that! I've always been embarrassed when the hairdressers kind of point it out... You look great Bec! I know it's hard, but you're so strong, and you will get through this and every other hurdle you come across. ❤️
Bec you look banging without hair. Holy crap buddy 😍😍😍
Eamon is so supportive and Bec, you are a BADASS! That cute bob is making me want to chop all of my hair and donate it! You can seriously rock any hairstyle, and your head is perfect for the bald look! My head is a weird shape and would never be able to pull it off 🤣Thinking about you two everyday, much love to you both 💞
It’s some of these moments in life we are allowed to fall apart , take your time,  you’ll find your your strength  I think it looks girl GI  JOE look your still beautiful Bec always those eyes and smile and spirit always light up a room.
ngl, I really like the new lock! You give me like a extreme powerful main character vibes <3
The wig and hat combo is shockingly so so good!  But you also pull off the bald look! I think of Millie Bobby brown and Natalie Portman ❤️
Bec is so so so brave but I really think she has the best support. Eamon is so brave for her and they should be so proud. You'll get through this <3
I wish I could give you the biggest hug bec! My God are you gorgeous! No matter the look. Honestly hun, you can rock ANYTHING. I love your smile, resilience, and raw honesty throughout these videos. You’re a gorgeous soul bec. You and eamons love for each other is so rare. I’ll be praying for you friend. ❤️❤️❤️
Kudos to Eamon for being so strong during this journey. I know its very difficult for Bec and cant imagine how hard it is. I am proud of you. Its hard for the other person to see someone they truly love suffering. Sending love and prayers to both of you ❤❤
You are so beautiful bold 🥰 its only hair and it will grow back xx enjoy the wigs xx
Hottest shaped head to rock that new do. Best wishes beautiful souls xxxx
so so beautiful
♥️ god bless you Bec
Ok Bec. Wig #1 is looking like a Shaniqua!
I wish you happy life 🤩from Sri Lanka 🇱🇰
You are beautiful ❤️
You are beautiful both inside and outside! You are so cute even when you have no hair. I can’t imagine this part of your journey through life, but you are so very strong…someday you will look back, on this part of your life, and realize that you can do anything. Elon, your support brings me to tears…it is beautiful. I’m sending BIG HUGS!!!
Really glad you guys have the cabin and a good place to heal and relax with each other while going through this challenge. Sending love and support to you both.
I love you Bec. You're my kids age. You are beautiful with or without hair
Sending you such a massive hug and I’m in awe of you both xxx
Sending all the love and hugs
You are owning this journey on social media. Nice job communicating that. And yes….your still amazing bald.
You are so stong beck! Eamon u are a champ! Sending love to you both!
i wish i could have been there with you while you shaved your head. i would have shaved mine with you 🤍 you are beautiful, Bec
https://youtu.be/o2BPLerESXo   Brett Kissel has a song called I didn’t fall in love with your hair, written for his mother going through liquid sunshine ☀️  You’re so strong, so beautiful, so courageous. You got this girl ♥️   Alsoooo to lift your spirits, can we pleaseee have a plant tour 🪴 Of course when you’re feeling up for it!
Seriously sending so much love
❤️
Hi guys My thoughts & prayers are you. As for the name of the wig "Becbec. ♡
you are so strong bec. plus you look like a bad ass bald. eamon, you are seriously the most incredible partner. love you both.
Honestly, Bec has such great facial structure, she looks terrific w/o hair.  No tears from me. Nothing but positive vibes. You go, girl!!
So sorry you are going through this ... Sending love to you both ❤️
You are a true warrior! Lots of love and always gentle hugs 🤗
Bec, you 100% have the bone structure and pretty face to pull off bobs, pixies, and a shaved head. ❤️
i know it's more than hair in this instance, but girl ya look just fine without it! thinking of you and praying for your health.
You look like a model! You are absolutely beautiful!
Have the mole removed sweety
You are a strong woman and got such a loving partner in your life in Eamon. Sending you and Eamon much love from the States. You got this, Bec!
Omg Eamon can you clone yourself please. Your kove for Bec really shines and your support gives her such strength. Bec your spirit is amazing. YOU GOT THIS GIRL!
You look so beautiful!
there was a woman I knew she got cancer and lost all of hair - but when her hair came back it was so bautiful <3 she even got a curly hair :)
Bec looks amazing with or without hair. You are inspirational.
Sending you love and strengh. You got this !
My heart hurts for you! You are absolutely the most beautiful person inside and out. Thank you for being so open and vulnerable. Just know that you have so many people loving you through this whole process as you have with us over the years.  Love you both!
I lost my hair to breast cancer and chemotherapy in 2018. It was BY FAR the most difficult part of treatment for me. Everyone would say “it’s only hair” and it would make me SO angry. I finally started responding “That’s because it’s not your hair.” It was my hair. It was a huge part of my identity.  I had a custom wig made and purchased two other ones as well. I never wore any of them. I opted for caps instead and purchased them in every color. I just found them more comfortable.
A beam of sunshine☀️. So so so beautiful, Bec!! Handling all of this with such strength, bravery, and confidence. Truly admirable.💕
Sending love and prayers ❤️
You're gorgeous Bec!!!! I laughed and cried with you both this morning. ❤🤟
Still sending prayers and love from Louisiana.  You are beautiful inside and out, with and without hair. 🥰 Looking forward to your journey.
Dont be sad Bec. You are strong. You are beautiful. And we all love you. XOXO
Sweetie I know exactly how you feel and how attached you are to that part of you but a couple things to consider: *these days no one would immediately think you are sick just because you are bald - you have the energy and vibe off a super cool chick⭐️ And you have to know what an amazing, sparkling, spiritual being you are and you have an entire network of YouTube subscribers and fans loving and supporting you both all around the world. ♥️ Our thoughts and prayers are with you and I am sending you so much love and light (and if you’re ever in Florida, you are welcome to come and play with the wigs for my extra large noggin ☺️)
Can we call the new wig Hope or Joy ❤️❤️
Bec with the Tokyo vibes 🔥 😍
You have my heat every time I watch you videos I love you two so much!!💜💜💜
You still look beautiful bec...just so beautiful.. I love you and wish you wol the best thing in the world..
I send you all my love Bec!  you are beautiful as always and more ❤️
Bec just wanted you to know I am crying and laughing every step of the way with you. Know that you are loved and appreciated, and you are beautiful with or without hair! But your inner beauty shines brighter and stronger than ever before, and your strength and resilience just keeps you glowing through this incredibly hard time. Know you are fierce you are brave you are a fearfully and wonderfully made, that your soul may know well that the Lord our creator is with you every step of the way. 💗💗💗 Eamon I just wanted to let you know we love how strong and resilient you are standing by your woman’s side encouraging her, protecting her, most importantly loving her. You show in an exemplary manners how a man effortlessly loves with his whole mind body and soul building her up when she is down. This makes you extra beautiful through this journey. Thank you for showing the best through the worst in a dark world displaying the ray of love hope and courage to be found in humanity.💗💗💗
You’re beautiful inside and out Bec! 💗
🌻
😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
It’s all about love & happiness you look beautiful guys. God bless ❤️
Yeah we dont need long hair eamon
We all know there is nothing we can say that will make you feel better about your whole situation.   I just wanted to say, I pray I can be as strong as you, as positive as you.  We all love you and send you all positive vibes and prayers to you!
Bec watch this! You look as stunning and even more so like sinead O’Connor - you ate basically iconic at this stage ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-EF60neguk
So happy to see you posted a video today!!! 💓 I must say you honestly look awesome with a shaved head 🥰 Also, I loved the baseball cap with hair! Continually thinking of you and praying for you!!! Stay strong, you got this!!! 🙏🏻💪🙏🏻💪🙏🏻 Love ~ Deanna from Meriden, CT USA
you guys are amazing and bec you look beautiful with or without hair
❤
I know exactly how you feel bout losing ur hair. I lost it to chemo 6 years ago. And I’m cancer free. And it will grow back. Maybe not as thick but it will. Stay strong. You doing great. I give my thanks to the lord every day.  I’m praying for you.
Love you Bec!
You are stunning. Your beauty shines out of you. It’s something that will never fade no matter how your appearance changes. Sending you the biggest hugs. I can’t wait to celebrate your remission with you. 🥰💜
Hey Bec my mom had breast cancer along with lung and brain cancer all through out my teenage years. It down right sucks to be with someone who is going through a struggle as hard as you. But I can tell your a fighter! Never give up!
Why does Oso have a cone?
You are beautiful no matter what. Thanks for posting. Means so much. You are in my thoughts. You are gorgeous with short hair
I am so proud of you Bec.
You got this ! You look amazing! Sending love and prayers your way
You are beautiful, I pray for you guys everyday.
the planter is adorable. you got this. 👍🏻👍🏻❤️❤️
My heart is just breaking for you. You are such an amazing lady and I’m praying for you every day. You have brought so much joy to all of us over the years and I have always looked forward to your Sunday videos. It’s just not fair. Someone who takes such amazing care of themselves has to deal with cancer. So much respect and positive vibes are being sent your way. 🙏🏻💗
Your a one in a million-  You both together will beat this
Love you Bec You are being such a strong bright light Thank you Both of you For being so vulnerable, so brave ,so frank and supportive to one another and this time is only going to make you stronger Lots of hugs and kisses from India
You look really pretty legit cute 😀😃Stay Strong Becamon🙂🙃
When you asked if Eamon was ok after he shaved your head was so precious to me. The fact you're going through the hardest battle someone can go through and it's still second nature to nurture those around... You're a beautiful soul. 💓  PS: You look SO good bald. To me, you don't look sick. You look fierce and strong and beautiful! But as a hairstylist, I know how much our hair can impact our confidence and your sadness over losing your hair is so valid. I think your wig is absolutely beautiful as well and looks so natural and so you. You are an inspiration!
Dude. I’m telling you, pot helps with nausea and loss of appetite. My grandma ate edibles while she was going through chemotherapy.
Bec, no matter what length your hair is - long, short, or no hair, you are always gorgeous inside & out.
You are so strong Bec and I look up to you more every day that passes, you will win this fight and we are all here supporting you. Haven't watched the whole video yet but since you are trying on wigs and looked so adorable with a bob, are you going to get some shorter wigs too? Such a great idea of making a wig from your own hair too (combined with Eamon's of course). Sending all my love from Sweden💜💜
Beautiful souls always look good…. Eamon does make everything look good…so frustrating! Lol
Y sigues siendo muy simpática, ya veras todo saldrá muy bien
Hi Bec, your strength is so inspiring. My Grandma is is going through her own cancer journey and found that a silk pillowcase was helpful for her sensitive scalp after chemo. There must be a vegan equivalent out there! Sending good warm thoughts!
❤️ Hi Bec You do not know me, I pray for you each day. I am confident that you will get through this and be healthy and strong.
You look beautiful ❤️ sending you loads of love 💕
To Bec: I have struggled with mild hair loss since I was 15 because of hormonal imbalances. I am now 25. I have cried and I have spent hours looking in the mirror trying to find new growth or hiding a balding spot. My balding spots always on my mind. Right now I cannot tell you how much you have changed my perspective and I am vowing to be grateful for the thick hair I have on my head besides my 1 very thin area. You are amazing and you are changing peoples lives and perspectives ❤
You are beautiful no matter what!!! I couldn’t even tell you had a wig on it looks just like you! You are so strong and I’ve been watching u for a while and u are so beautiful and strong I’m so sorry you have to go through this but we are all here for you!
https://youtu.be/Irv84jFUAeI I went through the same thing about 2 years ago! Losing my long beautiful hair Was I think one of the hardest parts of this journey. It is a part of you and your identity. Some people would say it's only hair, but It's been part of me for so long. I had my head shaved the day before I started chemo. I donated it to Wigs for Kids, so that took away a little part of the sting. Here is my hair cut journey.
You are beautiful. I'm so proud of you both!
You know we are all by your side, rest assured, this will pass and you will get better and become a memory, no matter how bad🙂🙂
You're sooooo adorable!
Name it Gloria because it is a glorious wig
god this hurts... coming home from church and seeing this makes me so sad. bec, stay strong, you'll get through it all, we're all here for you and we all are thinking of you!
you're beautiful from the inside out ❤ I will be keeping you in my thoughts and prayers 🙏
Hope the best for you both. Love from Denmark
Yes you are!
Your doing great. That wig towards the end if you just started a video with that on I would have no idea you even changed anything crazy how good some of those are. But the new dew is cool to you can  deff rock it.
Sigues siendo hermosa y muy guapa sin cabello
My heart just aches watching you go through every step of this journey.  But the beauty and light that you are comes from within.  You are truly a beautiful soul and a wonderful human being... That's how I know 1,000% as I watch you navigate this journey that you're on that you will come out of it on the other side whole and amazing. I feel such love for both of you.  I hope you can feel it. ❤️❤️
You still look as gorgeous as always,  you are such a strong amazing positive person and an inspiration to us all. Stay strong and stay positive. Get well soon and God speed in a quick recovery. 🙏  sending lots of hugs and love to you.
Documenting and sharing what you all are going through is appreciated by so many. Stay steady on the course.  Bald is beautiful Bec and YOU ROCK it so hard.
Your soul is what makes you so beautiful 😍 and you're loved by the fans 💕
IT TAKES ONE AWESOME HEAD TO ROCK SO MANY DIFFERENT HAIRDOS
Now I understand why partners shave their heads together because if Eamon would've just took the clippers to his hair when she was breaking down, maybe that would've helped comfort her and have her see it's just hair. It doesn't define you.  So hard to watch but glad she was able to get through it.
You are super inspiring THAT is YOUR Super power, rip the band aid off any new troubles, YOU'VE GOT THIS. The Brit living but leaving Cyprus and heading back to Scotland. Keep your chins up guys.
A huge shout out to Eamon. Your support and love for Bec is amazing. You’re both so inspiring ❤️
You are so much stronger than you realize and this journey is going to SHOW YOU. Thank you beautiful soul for sharing this with us.
You look amazing with a shaved head! Stay strong!
Bec you look beautiful with a shaved head, I know it's hard losing your hair but when you've beaten cancers ass, it will grow back xx
Animo ,saludos desde España
I have never seen so much love and courage and an amazing person, this young woman just made this old man look at life differently, you give strength a whole new meaning ❤️
Sending lots of love your way you are beautiful and strong my auntie was a survivor of breast cancer and I have to say bald-headed ladies are the most beautiful ❤️
Oh Bec you are so beautiful and so lucky to have Eamon and your family and all of us supporting and praying for you. You rock the bald head and the wig. You’ve got this girl.
You are so beautiful… loosing hair or anything on our body is a loss. Grief is good, better out then in. Be kind to yourself. As a RN who has seen it all, it is rough all the way around. Love you all.
Sending all the love 💕💕💕💕💕💕
Oso calling off the bed.  What a goof. He’s so cute and such a great addition to the family. Sending you guys lots of love and sunshine 🌞 ❤️
God bless you Bec ❤️ you rock a Bob cut 😍
Stay strong. I am only a teenager but your channel has helped distract me from the low parts of life. Just wanted to say thank you.
Bec, you are so amazing and beautiful ❤️ I love that you’re sharing your journey. We are all here to love and support you no matter what!
💕💕💕💕
We wish you all the strength and victory in fighting this. You guys kick ass. Keep it up, you will win.
Stay strong Bec. Sending love and hugs.❤️🧸🧸
Bec, you've got this.
Your strength and resilience is amazing. Thank you for sharing this journey. You are absolutely beautiful.
You are so beautiful ❤️ any style suits you! You are so brave and so inspiring!
I can just pray for your betterment....... Waiting for the new version of you both......Love you Both.....☺
sending love!
23:50..... I'd still hit that !. You are still BEAUTIFUL hair, or no hair. Eamon is the Luckiest Guy on Earth! Prayers, and Good Luck ! Get Well Rebecca .🥰
You DO look great bald and the wig is amazing too. Sending so much positive energy your way! Take care both of you
You sitting in the bathroom after your hair was completely shaved off, Complete G.I. Jane vibes 😍💪💃 You are gorgeous Bec, a Complete badass babe... You got this.❤ 🙏
I have been thinking of you and Eamon everyday, you are in my healing meditation and hope you can feel the love!
You and Eamon coming out of the Salon and you guy’s reaction to that adorable cut made my morning ❤️❤️❤️
Love you guys 💕💕💕💕💕
You are so brave much love and respect to you Bec  and to you too Eamon  ❤️❤️🇦🇺🇦🇺🥰🥰
Your a beauty bec. X
Hey I noticed ur trucks alway frozen I don’t know if u know but u can plug in your truck for nite so it warms up faster the plug is under the hood
My grandma also went through cancer. I don’t remember what kind of cancer. But she couldn’t fight through it for very long. But bec, I believe that you will fight through it, you are strong and beautiful. Thank you for sharing your journey with us, you inspire me every Sunday, and I thank you for that. Fight strong bec, and fuck cancer as well. 🥰💕💪❤️
Honey I know this is not what you wanted but let me tell u something you have such a beautiful head! You look so beautiful!!  When all this is over please contact me I have a small hotel in santorini and I will like to give you a room so you can both relax and rejuvenate in beautiful santorini :) all my love
You look amazing Bec!!! Eamon is such a good partner, great work buddy <3
We’re all here supporting you Bec! We love you so much, your so strong and you’ll get through this. You’re also amazing Eamon, such an amazing partner xx
Sending healing love to you wonderful souls. Keeping you in my heart and prayers.
You’re an incredible human being. Beauty comes from inside out and that’s why you will always be a beautiful woman. No doubt it may be really hard to loose your hair, but just wanted to say that as I look at you bold you look equally beautiful😍😍 you are a star ❤️
You two are now my favorite. Bec, chemo is not easy and cancer is not at all easy. God Bless you! Take one day at a time.
I'm praying for you, Bec.
❤️
Just as I thought, bec looks like a bad ass with a shaven head.
I remember pulling my hair out in handfuls and plastering it to the shower wall....no worries it will come back just as thick and beautiful....and even curly for a short period of time. I like the baseball cap hair...ha.
So much love to you!! ❤❤❤ You're so beautiful don't ever doubt that!!!
My husband shaved my head and one of my dogs didn’t recognize me and started barking at me. Then she jumped on the sofa and curled up next to me. It will grow back. 3 years out and mine is just as long as before but way different texture. I actually enjoyed being bald. It was easy. I never wore a wig, just caps.
You look amazing! I know it’s such a shock even over time for this but it just shows how strong you are!!!
❤️
I was thinking that with the new hair style you could sing to Eamon. Nothing Compares  to you.Now that you look the part''
PLEASE DON'T DO Chemo😔 it's a trap...  I personally know about few people who healed themselves using only natural methods. Please guys do your research and don't be quick to trust "Modern medicine״.
Stay strong e&b
You look beautiful! I know that might not help much but it is true. I had long hair forever and I understand how connected and comforted one can feel with that security blanket of hair. Just try to remember that the whole time, the comfort wasn't coming from the hair it was coming from you!!! You can still be a comfort to yourself just as you were. <3333
This is so touching how honest she's being about losing her hair. Alot folks say, "it's just hair it will grow back" maybe, buts it insensitive and almost cruel when ppl don't know the backstory of why the hair is not thriving!
I wish a speedy recovery.  Ukraine.
You are SOOO beautiful, inside and out!! Hair or no hair will NEVER change that!!! Love you guys!!! ❤ PS... You really do look 🔥 bald, Eamon isn't just saying it to be nice!!!
I remember when my hair was falling out I was watching GLOW. I thought it those ladies could learn how to wrestle I could rock a bald head so I shaved it with a beard trimmer. You can do this!
Function of beauty made my hair fall out:( i had a huge bald spot on the back top of my head and my hair is significantly thinner. been a whole year and im struggling to get it thick again. any ideas on how to thicken it up!!?
16:00 what a gift 🎁💗✨💗 I need a Eamon in my life bru! Yoh I wanted to cry sooo sweet 💗 you both are so courageous to share your story
As hard as this part is, think of the light at the end of the tunnel, you will get it back.   When I got my long hair back, it came back CCURLY!   It only latest until it grew out but it still is curly when it is wet.  Keep the positive, you can do it!   You are awesome!
Venus
You are going to be fine! We are ALL here for you! Love you ❤️ send you all the strength possible!! BTW you look stunning!!
OMG! You are right! You look GREAT bald!
You get to try different hairs styles in the meantime. The most important part is that you know your partner is with you in these darker days. People tend to bond or break during these times. You now know that even when you feel you’re not your best that he will be there with you. That’s a priceless gift that people don’t learn until it’s too late
You rock the new look!!!
Hugs and prayers.   Love you guys.  Northern Minnesota USA 🇺🇸
You are absolutely  beautiful! it takes more than hair to be you.
Bec you are you talented and beautiful and smart and I know you can get through it you are so strong always remember that sending love from VT! I love you bec❤️
Bec, I admire your ability to attune to your body/mind and allow your emotions to flow, while also connecting to your logical brain and make sense of your emotions. You are truly able to communicate and make sense of your emotions so effectivly during such an overwhelming and draining process. Eamon, you are a rock, really. It takes a truley connected couple to attune to the other and know exactly what their partner needs even when there is a worldwind of thoughts going through their head, preventing you from thinking clearly.
Brain Cancer survivor myself live life one day at a time family and friends are your rock dont be afraid to reach out
You do look really good with short hair!!! Send you all the love you can handle and more!!! 💜💜💜
I LOVE that both of your hair will be combined!
You are still so beautiful no matter what💗  Sending lots of love and prayers 🙏🙏
You are so strong Bec and beautiful whether you have hair or not. Sending my love💗💗💗
You are a beauty Queen Bec! You both have inspired me in multiple ways and I wouldn’t be the person I am without watching you two for the last 4 years! Keep shining your BEAUTIFUL light because the world appreciates it endlessly. We love you! We support you! We are here for you! 💗
It’s hard for a woman to lose her crown of glory. You’re beautiful inside and out. My gf went through this, when her hair grew back it was so soft like baby hair and once she had straight hair, hers came in waves/ curly. Glorious.  We got you! Always in my prayers. YOU GOT THIS!
I can relate to your opening comment. Once I lost my hair and was able to go back to the gym, I found people staring at me and was not ready to greet the world with confidence. So instead I went to an exercise program at Wellspring. They were amazing and you were around people in the same situation.  I love that you are using your own hair and Eamon’s hair for your own wig!!!!  You rock, thank you for being so brave in sharing your journey. ❤️
Wow my god you look amazing, I’d keep this look 😘💪🏻
I feel like the wigs name should be Stevie !!! I don’t know Why , it was the first thing that came to my mind ✨ By the way you look absolutely pretty 😍
God bless you love you I missed you last week
I really believe that both of you no matter how you feel will get better and that Bec you look beautiful no matter how your hair looks I am sending all me prayers and hope that the side effects of liquid sunshine won’t go to hard on you lots of love and prayers ❤️
SENDING ALL OF THE GOOD VIBES 💌
A strong, determined beautiful person, the cancer doesn't stand a chance against her....
You do look great bald.
Never commented before on any YouTube video, but now I feel that I should so that I would tell you how beautiful you are with or without you hair.  Your videos have always been my Sunday companions since you were quaranteeing in Morocco (I am Moroccan). You are my idole ❤️
Name the 1st wig isabella
OMG BEC YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL I CANT ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
You are beautiful no matter what. You got this! ❤️💪
Eres un ejemplo...se fuerte saldras adelante
What a beautiful bob your a beautiful. Woman with or without hair Bec sending hugs and positive thoughts
Possible wig names : Flo, Fay, Delilah?
🌸💕🌸 Hi Bec, I have a few things to tell you…one not one of us identified you by your hair..I know your feelings are very valid and am not making light of it…not even a little bit…This is your journey and we are lucky enough for you to share it with us..Bec,the main thing we want you to get better,that’s all…it made me cry to see you cry..Your hair is so cute short…and you have the best cheerleader in the world,Eamon is the best…You cracked me up when you said you had a big head…I do too😊…Anyways let me stop talking..Sending love, hugs 🤗 and many prayers..Much 💕 love New Orleans 🎭🎶🎭
You do look amazing with a shave, you have incredibly good bone structure. Try and remember, it is not cancer that's making your hair fall out it's the treatment to give you your life back. You are amazing and strong and beautiful 😍 and look soo young
You are so pretty
I am in my 13th year of being a survivor. I remember my mom and I crying as she shaved my hair. I decided to go bald with no wigs. Loved it I have short hair now and love it.
For anyone considering a big chop, please consider donating your hair ☺ You won't regret it 😉
Bald head FOR THE FFFING WIN!!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!!!
Hello
Hang tight, you got this.  Being bald doesn't represent sickness either. In this situation, it represents strength. But look up some women's haircuts that are trendy and one of the more powerful looks you tend to see is shaved heads or haircuts with large portions shaved.  You took control away from the situation. You chose to shave it. You have the power.
Sending love your way from Georgia! I enjoy watching your videos and truly hope that you and Eamon both get through this tough time in your lives. You both have great spirits and continue to put out positive energy.
Sending love ❤️
Sending huge amounts of ❤️
You look amazing no matter what. I’m so proud of both of you
You are so strong and beautiful, I'm sending you so many good vibes🤍 You are doing so well and are so brave for sharing your journey with the world🤍We love you so much!
Sending big hugs. You both are so strong and loving couple. You got this💗💗💗💗
Bless you both and good luck. You'll win Bec - I'm certain of that !!
Sending you so much love. Bec you are so beautiful! ❤️❤️
One of the hardest parts in my wife's early fight against breast cancer was shaving her head.  It was very emotional for both of us.  I have great news for you.  It grows back when you beat cancer, and I know you will.  It comes back just as beautiful as before.
What about naming the wig Aimee (since she battled and won against cancer) or Lee (I know it’s not a blonde wig) I know she’s with you through this journey and why not have her close too in a wig too? Btw Bec, you’re so beautiful that you look good with any hairstyle, even bald.  We love you and we’re here for you all the way 💛
Power in positivity....x
You are so stunning Bec! We ❤️ you
Omg guys bec has always been stunning in every way. But!! How sick does her hair look at 21:43 long up top and buzzed sides! I LOVE IT!!!
You DO look beautiful bald!  For centuries we, as women, have had our femininity and beauty tied to specific physical features; our shape, breasts, hair, etc.  These outside physical traits DO NOT define you or your womanhood.  Praying for you and sending positive thoughts and vibes your way.  Love you BEC!
One of the reasons I never go to a doctor is they might say I have cancer. I've been so sick many times and thought I was going to die. Once I gave everything away because I figured my time was ending soon.
You’re BEAUTIFUL BEC!!!!!!!
Bec I'm praying for you🙏🏽💛💙💜💚❤
I lost all of my hair 5 years ago to Alopecia. It truly is a heart breaking experience. Thank you for sharing your journey with us. Sending you love and strength. Kick that “C” words butt lovey🥰❤️🙌🏼💪🏼
It's crazy how Eamon wanted to donate his hair and now it's yours. But don't worry I am sure that one day you will be able to grow your own hair again. You are strong, your body is strong, your mind is strong and your soul is strong. This part of your life will one day be over and you will be able to live life the fullest. Sending you my positive energy. I BELIEVE IN YOU AND THE DOCTORS!
I’m sorry you dropped this Bec 👑
I have to shave my head for brain surgery and my adult son and his wife took me out and bought me two wigs because my daughter-in-law had the foresight that I may not want to be bald all the time after the surgery. I thought it was very thoughtful and sweet. It’s amazing you kept Eamon’s hair and you can combine them both. Be strong we’re all wishing you well and praying for you and sending positive vibes and lots of love!
You gonna be fine i belive in that , and all of these will become just memories 💜 love you from Morocco🇲🇦🇨🇦 💜💜💜
Beck, hair or not you are beautiful and we love you no matter what!😘 Actually you look really good.
No sé si sabéis español, a mi personalmente en la 1.ª quimio se me cayó el pelo, lo tenía por la cintura y supersano. Al principio quise peluca y la compré...solo me la puse 1 vez, iba con sombreros y calva, al final estaba más cómoda, cuando terminó todo y me volvió a crecer el primer pelo salió rizado y luego ya salió el mío de siempre, las cejas y las pestañas también.
You are going to be just fine young lady. Stay strong and keep fighting. Just imagine when it all comes back you get to show new cool hairstyles.
I sat prayers daily for Bec for strength and peace in this journey. I also say so many prayers for Eamon. Watching your love battle so hard. We love you both.
I agree with Eamon that you look absolutely BEAUTIFUL and RAD both with and without hair. You are an inspiration to so, so many! 💛💛💛
You ARE beautiful. YOU are strong. YOU are talented. YOU are an inspiration.  God bless you. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
Happy healing ❤️‍🩹 much love and respect
Such a beauty inside and out! With or without hair my love !!! Wishing you strength and courage to endure this fight ❤️❤️❤️
my hair grew back thick and curly after chemo! ☺you look beautiful ❤
You guys are such amazing partners!!
You got this seriously rooting for you over the time I’ve watched you guys you have changed my life big time and I appreciate that so much that it frustrates me seeing you two going through this and knowing I can’t do anything but serious WE are all here for you both and I honestly wish you the best and im sending you all my love and support guys love you so much thank you for just existing ❤️ love to both of you and again Tysm
You are beautiful Bec... We all love you... May god bless you.
💚💚💚💚💚 sending you sooooo much love💚💚💚
Bec, you are incredible. 💕
All my love to the both of you I’ve been watching y’all for 5 years now and your joyful spirits have never ceased to inspire my everyday actions bec you are so inspiring through all of this and the positive outlook you have is so contagious❤️❤️
I’m sorry beautiful.  You would look good in a paper sack.  I understand though.  Our hair is a big part of us.  Wigs do wonders but bald is in style too. Good luck
<3
Bec your strength is inspiring ! And Eamon is also the best partner, so supportive always. Sending all the love and support to you both !
I start my chemo on Thursday, thank you for this video ❤
Bec is always thinking of others. Amazing 💕xx
You are incredibly beautiful any ol way. 😍
The fact that you have both your and Eamons hair together to make a wig is so beautiful. You rock any hairstyle, bald included. Sending you and Eamon love and sunshine as you continue to navigate this together. 💛
Your aways beautiful 😍!! Stay strong 💪 ❤ you!! Eamon you're an amazing man!! I love you guys!!! Bec you don’t know how much you are inspiring to me and helping me as well. Thank you so much for sharing!!! ❤ 💗 💕 💖 💜 ♥
Hello guys, I’m sending you all my love and good vibes, you got this Aemon and Bec, stay strong! Xxx
I wish you happiness good health and peace...you look beautiful with or without hair stay positive ✨🕊️☘️
Realizing attachment to hair is so hard, thank you for sharing all the different parts of your journey! You look so beautiful!
Continuing to pray for your healing. 💜🙏🏻
You are gorgeous in side and out .no matter what happens ,you can get through this . thinking about you and Eamon send positives thought your guys way. 💛🌞🤭
Thinking of you guys! You’re absolutely gorgeous as always! 💛
Bec you look amazing like a pure beam of sunshine! You are soooo strong never forget it!!   Ps eamon your honestly so amazing aswell bec is so lucky to have you xx
Still beautiful Bec...luv you guys
We Lovve you Bec!❤️ You will get thru this We will be w you til you’re thru You are a champion!  Lov to you also Eamon!
Seen u guys be like this feels sad :( hope u get speed recovery bec 🥺❤️ hold strong queen
This is sad😭😭😭
43 seconds in and I’m already crying….get well soon Bec 💛💖
Sending love to you both keep strong you will beat this ❤
Rojo's New Home - We watched this video for the first time a few days ago after enjoying your content for years. When viewing, the thought came to mind that those sweet little girls probably thought they had just met a beautiful, enchanting Fairy Tale Princess come to life when Bec walked into the room. That hasn't changed. Thank you & Eamon for sharing all seasons of your life.
💖💖💖💖💖💖
🖤
You guys are such beautiful souls. You got this!
You are such a strong inspirational woman and you are handling all of this with so much beauty and grace sending all my love to you and your family your videos make me happy every week ! You guys a couple goals !!
No matter what you will  always  be beautiful ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Bec I’m so sorry my cousin and my grandma both went through this is it sad but they are both healthy because they had support with all of us ( family and friends) and I know you do too!!!! You got this and don’t give up even when it is hard!!! I love you and you got this!
Your beautiful and strong! Love from MN!
We will be here for you Bec no matter what
Your beautiful and gorgeous we love you    🙏
Bec I wish you a speedy recovery.   You are. Beautiful with or without hair.
Sending you strength and love. You're beautiful ❤
💖
Continuously sending you both so much love and light and healing energy 💜💜
Love your vids
Sending lots of love your way. You are so incredibly strong bec❤️ you have helped me through my own challenges with mental health and I just love you💕
❤️
You should keep the dog it will be good for you
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
I only realized how attached I was to my hair when I cut it from really long to shoulder length short... This must have been such a hard process 💔Thinking of you Bec, and praying that the chemotherapy will do it's job 🙏
I love you bec ❤️ stay strong prayers your way ❤️
Love you.  You're gonna slay this. <3
Im so sad seeing this, much lovee from me To Eamon and Bec. Stay strong God Bless yall as always
You are amazing bec!      I love all hair styles on you 😍  I love you can make a wig from yours and eamons hair. So cool!   I shaved my head to say screw society’s beauty standards and the bald head feels so free!  Sending lots of love
Love you sweet one, hair or not... Your genuine heart shine through ❤️
you look freagging awsome!!! but wig fits eamon perfectly
Sending prayers and love to you✨❤️❤️
Soo happy for this notification. Love you guys ❣️ Bec you are gorgeous and you’ve got an AMAZING man right by your side!!!! BIG hugs and lots of love from Texas. 🤗
I have been waiting 2 weeks for this video I love watching your journey. Bek you are amazing person...
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Here for you Bec!! Sending so much love and healing energy and prayers. You’re beautiful, you’ve been beautiful, and you always will be.
COINCIDENCE?? Kara and Nate uploaded AT THE SAME TIME
you are effortlessly gorgeous, sending to much love to you on your journey xx ❤️
You're still bossing it Bec!! Love from the Channel Islands as always! 💛
Much love to you both ❤️
Beautiful - stay strong!
I'm keeping you in my thoughts bec! you are so strong! love u🥰
Love you Bec! You are beautiful hair or no hair♥️💗💕
you're so beautiful bec
Much love Bec ❤❤ the best thing is that you not going through this alone
You can do this!
I love you guys, you cross my mind often. I mean it when I say you have so many people praying for you! You already know but you got this times a million Bec!
You and eamon are in my thoughts everyday ❤️
Thinking of you and your family always💛 let your light shine bright Bec🌞
you are so strong sharing your story, sending you a lot of love from Berlin <3
We love you! Stay strong!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️✝️✝️✝️✝️🙏🙏🙏🙏📿📿
Praying for you!! I love you guys!!
Both of my aunts got cancer and lost their hair. They embraced it and after not having it for a couple years they decided to keep it short. I hope this helps some how.
Love you bec❤❤❤❤
We fricken love you bec!!!!
Love you guys immensely!! stay strong Bec, you'll be back stronger than ever <3<3<3
Sending love! ❤️
So much love for you Bec, you are such a STRONG and BEAUTIFUL woman. I look up to you so much 💕
Praying for you every single day of my life. Stay strong bec! Love from Malaysia! 🙋🏻‍♂️
Bec you and eamon have been in my prayers. Your strength is admirable and you guys have such a beautiful relationship. 💕 you’ve got this! 💕
❤️
Your beautiful 😍
I just wanna say I'm so so so proud of you sweet Beca! you're such a strong and magnificent human being  ❤️
You guys will get through this
Sending love and good vibes to you both ❤️ Bec, you’re a rockstar
You look beautiful even without hair. You are a beautiful person inside and out. Kick cancers butt. I did and you can too. Bold is beautiful! Not just sick.
Lots of love your way. I love you and you’re beautiful :)
Bec, you’re doing great. You’re videos are so inspiring! Thank you for being so open and showing all the ups and downs of your journey. ❤️
Hi I love you guys
stay strong!
Missed you guys last week! 💙
You are so so strong.
You are amazing Bec, you are strong, you are beautiful ❤️
Is it’s you look cute don’t be sad I love you
Sending prayers!! You got this Bec! ❤️
We love you both, we know that we can overcome all this with your usual energy and love
We love you, you're gonna be okay. Love from Argentina ♥ Fuck cancer
You're beautiful no matter what Bec. It is your amazing personality that shines. Sending so much love 💗
you are so amazing Bec💕
Sending love to you both always and forever!
Bec we love you 😽
❤🙏
❤️❤️
Love your video's❤️ Sending much love xx
❤️❤️❤️❤️
