Everyone else: We speak 21st century English. Rendog: Is King Henry the 8th still on the throne in England?  We're in the 16th century, I do know that.
30:03 Rendog is Major Monogram And BDubs is Carl, the unpaid intern
why wouldnt scar just say i will make the cookies elven giga cookies
9:19 „There‘s always gotta be one“ „And it‘s always Scar or Grian“ So true 😂
34:16 Joe “I don’t like monarch as they claim their power from god, but you claimed your power from Bdubs.” Bdubs during the empires saga: 👀
Oh, terrible old English grates on the ears!
8:18 gave me chills! Is Ren an actor? He should be!
1:00 HAHAH bdubs... Takes 3 btw
16:10 If Hermitcraft wasn't (at least, in essence) PG, I'd think someone was about to say "but I like bathwater" like how someone said "I like brussel sprouts" earlier lol
I hate Iskall so much. The baseless hate for diorite and the clear animosity towards Bdubs. Its clearly not just an act and has been shown in many seasons. I refuse to watch him. I actually like diorite (actually polished) and birch. Iskall should just quit the BS or leave the server.
Who was listening in on ren and Bdubs at the end. Someone poked their head threw the door
LOL LOL LOL Bdoubleo's  was parting with all them people. YAY.  WOW the statue looks great. Just the candles have burnt away. SO KING REN is now a THIEF  YOU & BDOUBLEO ARE THE TRASH OF THE SERVER.
Bdubs' glasses make him look like a granny!  Hahahaha
It makes me cringe how thou misuses thou, thee, thy, and thine. Thou is a subjective pronoun. Thee is an objective pronoun. Thy is an adjective. Thine is a possessive pronoun and an adjective when followed by a vowel. Thou should follow these rules, so not to sound foolish.
Three things. 1.  I think it's hilarious that while somewhat successful resisting starting a resistance he manages to spark/inspire others to start one.  2. I would like to know what's going on with Rosy and Gigacorp, we haven't heard from them in a long time.  3. I've challenged myself to watch the whole season of hermitcraft (except the streams. I'm not a fan of the streaming format) but the whole insufferable king thing Ren is playing  has turned it from just daunting to a huge slog
'Theres always gotta be one, and its always Scar'
Iskall vs bdubs was such a blast 😂
Now that I know what will unfold in the near future, I can finally watch your episodes again ren.   Spoilerwarning!      … I could not keep on watching the kingly madness without knowing it would stop someday 😄 sorry ren. But you did an amazing job as king. And even more so as mad king !
THOU SHALT NOT PARTY!! 🤣
uhhhh... Gold does not rust sir kingdog sir
Do you know what I absolutely love about hermit craft is all the social moments that we see the wars that happen the backstory to things and there’s no hard feelings to all the plots and while this all happens it’s never script Ed which is that one little aspect of hermit craft that makes every single epic moment even more epic this is what the dream SMP is missing
Can't disrespect King Ren
I just break down laughing! I love videos so much!! 😂😂😂 Thank you, Ren! 👏🏼
Hey!! I like diorite!
This is so great! fab job on the role play it really has made for a funny season. You guys have worked so hard!  Mwah! (That was a chef kiss)
DOWN WITH THE MONARCHY THE KING SHALL FALL
Long live the king! RenTheDog shall survive! Not RenTheKing! You're insane! The Soup Group and Doc are the only sane people left on this server.
well the king did decree a quest for a beheading machine .............will they behead the king ?
No Taxation Without Representation!
You're going to mess with  Doc....let me go get my popcorn.
To anybody that wanted to actually know: "thine" means "yours". "Thy" means "your". "Doth" means "does". "Thee" means "you."  Now you know how to use them.
ren you know what caused the american revolution right
A king put into office by the people and not Devine intervention should abdicate the throne to the people!
Because of RenDOG, I have realized that everything that happens on hermitcraft is fake. The interactions, the trades, conversations, deals, plots/twists, revenge schemes. It is all fabricated by someone to generate revenue and views. This has ruined my experience and have recently unsubed to all hermitcraft players. now I'm back to just watching ethos and his insane world. Well done Ren for possibly ruining others experiences as you have done me.
LONG LIVE THE SOUP GROUP AND DOWN WITH THE KING ! ! !
Nah this boutta be the Red Winter War part 2
Only 110,000,000 subs away from the true King.
Mr. Dog you’re scaring me
I see a war approaching…
The soup kingdom
No taxation without representation.
It’s not you will lose your kin ship
You should let people do whatever they want
You are too powerful
We all know what needs to happen to Ren. Tyrants must be put into history by force.
he's going crazy guys
#blame12xisumas
8:06 really made Ren sound like Thrór from The Hobbit, growing sick by the love of gold.. 😂😬😰
My favourite part was when Scar says he brought his own sunglasses and Ren said : "We can see that"... 😂🤣😂🤣
you have been doing this before these events
it also may have to do with the fact you keep taking people's diamonds and replacing them with fake currency
Ren, with love; Say thee when you would say me, and thou when you'd use I, they both mean "you." Thy and thine both mean" your," it depends on  if the next word starts with a vowel. For example; thy king vs thine emperor. Thou art a mighty king, may thy kingdom overcome these transgressions, and the traitors answer to thee and fear thine anger.
You could attempt to auction off crystals to make diamonds back!
You can hear the laughter in Ren's voice when he calls the statue a "monstrosity" 😂
THE RED WINTER IS COMMING ME’ LADDIES
Ah yes King Ren the Party Pooper
Scars glasses should be called scarbands
Ren creating a cautionary tale about crypto/NFTs after X doing the same last season... you folks are too clever. And you spoil us so much, willing to put so many hours into the stories you build.
better hope nobody one for one exchanges emeralds with the diamonds in the vault
min. 30:09 you can see there is a spion in the castle. under scars feet you see his or her  nametag..........whats going wrong on this place? i do not belive you are longer safe in this castle. who has build it for you? hmmmm.......
Grian on Christmas: hi it is Christmas  lets start Christm- Scar: shoots grian saying Christmas is technically illegal because it is technically a party. Ren after hearing this: thinks in his mind uh oh I didn't consider that. Everyone except Ren, bdoubleo100 and the royal council start a resistance me gets server ip because of my plan.  Ren: ahhhhhhhhh why so many wardens. Me: thinks ten wardens lets times it by ten Ren: swears Everyone in the resistance: oye this is a kids show.
It is his evil ark
He didn't even announce the royal em's value
He is corrected with power and ren is evil
Lost it as Bdubs POUNCED on Iskall about the diorite xD
I’m getting The Hobbit vides from this Rentheking arc
I think this King thing is getting to someone's head
Hahahaha the "thee" "thou" "thine/ thines" "thine may" get me every time 😂 Also (Aladdin's genie voice) "unlimited power! Itty bitty crown" lol
hot guy looks so much cooler :)
"A Crown is just a mark on your own head, for you to be hunted and assassinated"
Do I care
As the Server burns in FIRE A meeting is held most DIRE
A medieval remix of your theme to begin and end your episodes would be quite fitting, imo.
Is Scar now a royal assassin?
What a amazing video!!! My gosh,  absolutely next level.
i hope the soup crew and grian put you in your place king
Your majesty, if I may, there are lessions to be learned from The Dictator's Handbook. A small slice of a large pie is better than a large slice of a small pie. Just as those in your council are proving your loyalty to you, you must show your loyalty to them. Put corruption to work for you. Here are some suggestions that may help: - Pay your council in diamonds - Ask the council to come up with an execute ideas to increase the store of diamonds in the kingdom. For each of these ideas that bears fruit, give them 65% of the diamonds it brings in. For example: if four ideas bring in 100 diamonds each, those that came up with an executed the idea would each have 65 diamonds, but the kingdom will gain 140 diamonds. Your council is rewarded well for their hard work and the kingdom comes out well ahead. - When the kingdom is flush with diamonds, offer to buy back the ermeralds, at least from your council, at a rate of 10 diamonds for 9 emeralds as thanks for their patience. Don't tell them in advance, just surprise them with your generosity. Remember that death is cheap, so the revenge must be somthing other than death of ther hermit. It could be tasks like collecting taxes - Send council members to collect taxes and allow them to keep a portion of the collected taxes - When one of the court exacts some revenge for you against the enemies of the crown, surprise them with a reward. Again, don't announce it, surprise them. It needn't be diamonds, but could be commissioned work from another hermit as a reward - Recruit someone loyal to you to act as exchequer to keep track of the kingdom finances, ideally, they will report to council members the "true" amount of diamonds in the treasuring, being the amount you tell the exchequer to report
I love how you just were petting impulse's decapitated head on his mohawk like he was a god damn cat. Brilliant
Rend... oh rend ! Not emeralds. Everything but emeralds ! This money is so easily forgeable... You have just decimated the economy of hermicraft !!! Diamond are rare (not easy to obtain) so that is why they are used for money. You could have, i don't know, maybe used a custom item as money (like in season 8). But not emeralds !
Yes yes I know this is all for fun but you guys are so awesome sometimes I can't help but fall into the role play
My king I bring Tidings of great treachery in your court scar has gone against your decree he has put the chest of pies in a corner in his shop he is still selling cookies going against your orders I think a little retribution may be in order you haven't really put your foot down as of late you need to show the people that you are powerful you need to show them that you are capable of ruling with Force
0:36 is that joe hills in the basement???
ren: saying that he is a nice king also ren: stealing people's diamonds
8:35 thine is a second person, singular, possessive pronoun (think 'yours' except exclusively singular) and its usage here is grammatically incorrect. The correct pronoun to use here would be you. Edit: 19:20 should be "I would like thee to prove thy loyalty" 21:28 should be "and to prove that thou shalt be loyal" 25:42 should be "that we should trust thee" 26:11 should be "thou might" 27:41 should be "thy loyalty has been accepted" 29:33 should be "the last breath that I take" (taketh is third person). Alternatively, if you did intend to refer to Scar, it should be "the last breath that thou takest" 33:50 Joe should have said "my king". Moreover, I recommend you choose an official address for the hermits to refer to you by such as "your majesty" or "your highness" or "your excellency" or "your grace", &c. 34:07 should be "thy loyalty" 34:46 should be "to show loyalty to thy king" 34:52 should be "into thy pinball machine" 35:08 should be "thy butt" 37:36 should be "this is for thee" or " this is for thyself" 38:00 the 'th/eth' suffix is affixed to verbs to signify the third person. Here it has been incorrectly affixed to a noun.
obviously Its a 1-1 Exchange. But all Exchanges of the royal emeralds back to diamonds have to happen through the crown. However covering the Effort, Paperwork, Workforce, And just plan tax they actually get back 1 diamond per two emeralds or 2 diamonds for three emeralds if your feeling generous. Of course you can also Trade your diamonds for royal emeralds, at a 1-1 trade rate. Thanks to the generous Kings subsides covering from the Crowns coffers any Expenses that would make the exchange more expensive. :D
#BlameTwelveXisumas is great. Of course, you could just blame ONE Xisuma for something he definitely did, cheating at the Arch competition. Here's proof...  https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkxpv7COh1ZSsssDHpMLBvb2wfY-ixGVzL6
I look forward to seeing your Downfall Ren.
This isn't gonna end well also *Your Majesty you have the Hermitcraft equivalent of skynet in your kingdom*
Ren: taxing the people and taking their shops  Grian: *sweating profusely trying not to create a resistance*
So funny
Ren is so into this lore thing and I'm here for it. It's so entertaining! Keep it up Ren!!
I'm three minutes into the episode and our guy just keeps giving
You should have a texture pack retexturing the elytra to some sort of royal cloak
Royal Emeralds could become more valuable than diamonds if they were the official currency of Tango's new Decked Out dungeon...
Theft! Theft! Why would you take the diamonds from the shops!? I would suggest splitting up rewards from the quests and reducing the rewards heavily. Like this you destroy the economy by flooding the shop with a worthless currency!  By now i hope for the resistance to bring you to your knees and to humble you again. Nice video tho! Have a nice weekend!❣️
You should forclose keralis clubhouse
its official. ren has dragon sickness
exile scar (for fun)
I found the new statue better
The roleplaying is cool and all, but when are you going to play minecraft? (mine, build, make farms, etc.)
Seeing RENTHEKING stole all diamonds from shopping district  I see a inevitable war coming upon the hermit server.
mr. ren, I believe you should make a public announcement telling all hermits about royal emeralds being the new currency. at least people will know this has been officially declared and breaking this law will result in repeated deaths due to the hawkeye of hermitcraft season nine.  I hope you like my idea
So glad I know this is all role playing. 😆  Otherwise I’d hate Ren right now. 😂😂  It’s actually got me watching Ren for the fist time in years of watching Hermitcraft.
I can't wait how he reacts to doc claiming independence
I can't believe Etho wasn't the one who organised this
“A king who forgives… is a king who is loved.”  Yes… but a king who always forgives is a king who is weak.
The madness of king ren
Can’t trust bdubs, he’s a b double dubz agent
i vote for Cleo taking the seat to the left of the throne.  for no particular reason.
I love the way Ren is playing this. To me, the mark of a good actor is how good of a villain they are!
Anyone else see that username above the crastle when ren tilted his head up while talking to Iskall or am I seeing things now o-o
thine would technically be the singular/informal (and archaic) form of "your"! it's old-timey for "y'all's"
Its so interesting to watch the Dog you grew up with slowly become the tyrant...
Yes! Ever since the founding of Grain officially not founding a resistance I’ve been waiting for a Team Ren vrs. Team Impulse. This is the best thing to happen since Pearl winning double life.
Now i dont like ren the king. He stole so much diuamodas
Ren: throw all but 64 of your diamonds into this pit in order to fight inflation.  Also Ren: don't mind me, just printing my own unbacked currency here...
A great new name for the "knights of the square table" could be "knights of the rectable"
woah i think you will find Doc's flag pole is made out of building blocks not diamonds
You know how Thorin, Thrain and Thror of the Hobbit/LoTR were vulnerable to Dragon Sickness... Maybe Ren Is susceptible to The Aqua Bling-blangs Disease..? 🤔
CLEO… what was that 11:55 💀
ren be the diamond version of king midas!
I know some people don’t like the lore, but, please, DONT STOP! It’s so fun! You’re such a good storyteller!! And actor!! Hahaha I love this season thanks to you!
First of all, Ren is not my king.
Ren should be a Narrator in a movie!
Boo...I want normal rendog back, not this fake king
"A promise of future magic." You can take that to the bank right there.
GOD SAVE (REN) THE KING
I dont like this storyline for me it's not fitting to hermitcraft to have a "villan" in a monarchy setting which on its own already  don't think fit really well to HC For me is HC a series of friendship and shenanigans and especially for the hermits that's more likely to concentrate on building not storytelling it must be not easy to go a long with such a constricting environment a monarchy storyline provides  So sadly I have to admit that I try to avoid this storyline while still being up to date whats going on at the server  it's at a point where I am not able to enjoy this
Damn! I did not realise you had joined hermitcraft! Last time I watched and played minecraft was when you made ftb!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXcK7D4VACw
Watching Ren commit royal atrocities and disrupt his citizen's lives: yesss.... YEESSSSSSS.....
"A kingdom of fools and thieves" is a great book title!
I think you should change the King's Court to the King's Quart. It matches a bit more with the Crastle :D
Man.... this have taken it too far imo
Alas, The hermit revolution hath begun, something chaotic this way comes, and chaos anon join as the factions clash, for the hermit revolutionary war is towards the horizon, long live the king or long live the revolution? 'tis a question thou must answer......
I love how everyone is just so scared of Scar that they just accept his comments and subtle insults, so he doesn't kill them. :D  The way he just ignored what the king said and in the end Ren had to accept his counter proposal was beautiful. There's so much potential for amazing conflict and storytelling moments within the king's court alone, I can't wait to see how all of this will go from here!
so this is turning into some warhammer stuff where the dwarven impulsers, Gem elves and the trash-xeno's are working together to fight KingRen, Emperor of Man...  Ren should just employ Grain to become Royal questionnaire and head-resistance-resistance. you know, using the people strengths for the kingdom
I love u Ren I laughed through this entire episode
You got lucky that you didn’t invite anyone else. I can imagine people like grian and impulse storming the walls and the gates
It's hard for someone from a non-english-speaking country to know this for sure, but maybe you should freshen up on your shakesperean english, my dude. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNkGb6nj934
Ren : takes every diamond out of the shopping district Also Ren : we’re out of diamonds 🥺 !
as someone who's been working on a sexy Scar calendar for a while I'm upset that he's making his own I'm going to be out of a job! In this economy!
The change in mood at 4:36 is just the best hahah
i like how Scar imedietly killed Impulse
Someone should animate the bit at the end with scar interview.
4:57 guys this bastard is high on copium
I can, without question (to myself of course), say this is the best season of HC. Just truly great work all around. I enjoy how cinematic you can make it.
Lmfao. I've seen just about everybody's perspective of this party, but this was comedic genius.
Ren in the vault giving me Smaug in the Lonely Mountain energy. I love it
giving scar "toy money" will be the king ren the king downfall
Legal… horribly unethical!
grian started a resistance lol
8:25 gives me a bit of the last Hobbit movie vibe there lol
I forget, is that a Shakespeare or a Game of Thrones reference with the crazy king talking to the skulls?
Tyrant ren shall fall
King Ren, what if instead of going to war with doc to reconquer the perimeter, you hire him as sort of a “mercenary” and pay him with freedom, and not being apart of your kingdom?
I love a war that has zero reason to be waged :D
Lol change the texture of the royal emerald to dimond.. so your the only one in the server who can produce them lol
31:55 ohhh i chucked
All Hail The Soup Group!!!
Grian was hiding those diamonds. Soup gana is responsible
First off, will say, I love your content, Ren!  Just a little heads-up on King James grammar (from someone who has done years of Shakespeare study). I comment only because I figure you might like to know what the "correct" uses are, even if you choose to not care and continue winging-it. Your content is funny and charming either way, so it's completely up to you. 🙂  A) "Thine" and "Thy" are both 2nd person (speaking to another person) possessive forms, equivalent to "your." So it'd be correct to say, for example, "Thine ears have heard my speech" or "Thy king is pleased with thee." It is not 1st person (speaking of yourself) possessive; for that you'd still say "My/Mine ears have heard thee."  B) "Thou" is the 2nd person form when it is the subject of a sentence, equivalent to "you." So, for example, "Thou art a knave and a squab" or "Thou goest forth throughout the kingdom."   C) "Thee" is the 2nd person form when it is the object of a sentence, i.e. when the action is being done to the other person, also used in place of "you.' For example, in "I have given thee this royal patterned shield," "thee" is the person to which you (the subject) gave the shield.  And that is all for my little unsolicited KJ grammar lesson. Regardless of whether or not you care to take all this into account, know that I will still watch and thoroughly enjoy your content, even if my ears may bleed just ever so slightly while doing so. ;-)
(just quietly, thine means your/s)
did no one else notice when bdubs said I like Brussel sprouts
Lmao #blame12Xisumas
*sing-song* I sense a revolution
ren's storytelling/lore is always top notch. absolutely love this aspect of his channel
this episode has so much real life application it hurts 😭🤣
Holy hell, the effort that went into this! The whole story, the characters, the auditions and whatnot. Top quality content!
I'm starting to love this mad king character. Good job Ren.
Can't believe mumbo would do that to your statue and frame someone else
Why is it when Ren is put in a position of power, it always ends in cool shields and disaster?
Shenanigans. I love it.
iskall's offering is staying out of trouble by not being on hc and only playing Vault hunters (for now)
Ren, if you need more diamonds and resources for hermitcraft, make a Royal Gathers. The Royal gathers gather all different resources and get paid. A great one will be getting 100 diamond blocks.
Definitely one of rens best videos yet
And the mad king ren has been born well this should be fun
You know this is a video game? Right?
If 1 royal emarauld = 1 diamond isn't it possible to replace all the diamond block in the Ren vault with royal emerauld block without it being a thief ? Since you just exchange things of the same values ? 😂 that would be fun
the villeins of season 9 has been born.
I haven’t watched too many of your videos before, but I watched this and it’s so good! Everything is so well-crafted and thought out. Thank you for the content!
Grians comment setion and Rendogs comment section are very very different  Grians: WE WANT A REVOLUTION  Rendogs: Good job Ren, your a great King  (Im on Rens side fyi)
I love how we are just going to the story of how America was founded lol
King Ren the I: The Kingdom is on fire Me: Did someone turn on fire tick?  Also BDubs is sus.
Cleo’s disinterested “oh…what’s wrong…my liege?” has me howling
ren should be banished 1 block from the crastle for each counterfeit diamond made of emerald
Emeralds are more valuable than diamonds imo. You only need 32 diamonds total and everything after that is pointless. You can even buy diamond gear and tools with emeralds so you really only need 2 diamonds for a hoe and then you upgrade to netherite and don't die. And technically only Impulse stole from the vault. You can't blame the peasants Robin Hood gave his ill-gotten gains to for his robberies.
This king is making enemies
Make scar do giga cookies!
Scar: bdubs are you deflating over there? I laughed so hard at that I had to rewind to watch what I missed!
Ren I just wanna say you're doing a sick roleplay, I hope you've got the character to take any criticism on the chin cause man you are killing it and giving so many hermits so much to play on. Much love
No partying?  The Hermits gotta cut loose, Footloose.  Kick off their Sunday boots. Please, diamond fees, Get the king off of his knees.
Justice for King Ren! Grian is always the drama starter and he needs to be taken down. Also, King Ren, bdubs is less loyal as he has not disclosed who was at the party!
23:18 "I KNOW MY RIGHTS FOR THAT" "GO AND SIT DOWN IN THE CORNER" 😂
I think cleo or scar will be the first to turn against ren. Most probably cleo from her reaction in 3rd life and ren being king
The "THOU SHALT NOT PARTY!" sign is hilarious- you're really committing to the bit.
The camerawork and editing are, as always, fantastic!
And so the seeds of doubt have been planted and the Lord of Changes wish granted, the Fool-king with his soup brown, on a path to loose his crown. The Great Conspirator spins his thread and the royal jester will start to feel dread.
Ren, this episode was amazing. The soundtrack definitely helped out. You can hear the strain and intensity coming into the Kings life...I can't wait to see what happens next. Incredible work Ren, the camera work is spot on as usual.
Thanks for the lore update!
Down with the king!
An unlimited supply or royal emeralds is likely going to experience inflation
"Return when the moon doth kiss the earth" S8 reference?
Down with the King!  Long live the Soup Gang!   ":D
Trust no one your grace
Inb4 grian starts a resistance.
it is SO much fun to watch you play a heel here dude. like also shoutout for being willing to play a guy that's intentionally unlikeable, i know that's hard, but also it's hysterical to watch you go on a Dramatic Evil Monologue at the start of the episode. between it being very fun to watch you be increasingly power-hungry with the whole king thing and the fact that i admire your willingness to play a villain to make the plot work this has been a very fun storyline to watch!
When Iskall said "my biggest possession... is my carrots" why did it sound like he slowly took off his hat and held it to his chest like some humble farmer
Finally! True kingliness! Ruthless self interest and angry hypocrisy!
We have no money let’s print more…. Kinda like all the governments do
In light of the new decree, "Thou Shalt Not Party", let us remember Ren approved the party beforehand when he made it a quest. Just saying....
Bdubs is like the pope
I have to be honest, the knights of the square table meeting reminded me of a year 6 school council meeting. Ren is the council leader and takes things seriously, and bdubs is the one who agrees with him. Scar is that kid who’s there because he wants the title but doesn’t take it seriously. Cleo is the older one with experience out of everyone else
I know we already have the soup gang resistance but with this new law of no parties, we need the "Footloose" resistance – a group that just hold parties.  Edit: Cool got a bot in my replies. Edit 2: haha got removed
I think the role of Ren here is slightly similar to that of a corrupt English King in the past.
Someone’s needs to a “th” count for this video!😅
How are you going to write a sign like "Thou shalt not party" and just beg for all the Hermits to get copyright strikes from the Beastie Boys?  Did them dirty, your majesty.
I feel it's important to remind people, that might get upset when watching, that any season storyline is agreed upon by the members. It's all part of the show.
Do you want a revolution, because this is how you get a revolution.
Scar wasting no time in keeping true to his word about hotguying any party guests lol Bdubs was almost out lol
First five minutes were 'kiss' molto bella! Loved the speech lol.   I wondered where those emeralds came from too. I honestly thought it was a setup to make you look bad. Good thing they're just as valuable as diamonds 😆😆😆
Boooooooooo 👎👎👎
Rens INCREDIBLY bad Old English is always so funny to me
Iskall has his glasses upside down xD
Omg I love this. A big shoutout to Ren for being willing to play the 'unjust' king and add more dramatics to the Hermitcraft server :D
Maybe the taxes could be a x% and be deposited in front of the Crastle
Hermit war..  fight!..
Ren rly havin a villain arc huh xD
is there anyone who roots for da King?
Did anyone notice Iskall's glasses were on upside down? :D
If I ever join hermitcraft, I am 100% starting a resistance.
Hi King Ren please be less politic. Be sweet for your people.
Where's Grian when you need him? It's not a resistance...
Wow, Ren really ended up pulling a Malificent, LOL  (I love it!)     (then i get Cruella De Vil rewriting itself as "King Ren the King" and it came out as: King Ren the King King Ren the King Taxes your Diamonds and turns it to Bling!  (LOL))
I am living for this storyline!  Blaming the lack of funds entirely on the party theft and legitimizing taxation that way? Genious! (This doesn't mean that I think it's moral, mind you, but just what a desperte king in need of funds would reasonably do)
ah yes switching to another more bountiful material for coinage, what a glorious sign of our king's glorious plan to lead everyone to have more money in their pockets. I love it
A couple of seahorse in my private area..... huh? LOL at 20:23
the weird thing is that this isn't even far fetched, moving away from actual coins with metal value to gold backed coins, to eventually moving away from the gold standard entirely. Ren is being a very modern king in an antiquated world, shame he's being pinned as the bad guy now!
Shennannigan free? NOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is the funniest episode of hermitcraft I've seen in a long time.
The narration at the beginning is FANTASTIC! You really nailed the vibe
Ren this was AWESOME!!!! ESPECIALLY those first few minutes of this episode. Am genuinely so impressed!! AND PETTING THE IMPULSE HEAD??? I LOST IT. You’re absolutely killing it this season, and have easily made this my favorite season!!
You know this means war noone will step you renddog
look, I was watching your channel's hermitcraft s9 perspective for the story as it pertains to gigacorp, but seeing as the hermitcraft server has... "lost the plot" in that sense, i must allieve myself of further concern until such time as the season hereafter
So the seeds of conflict is starting to appear once again....  ahh I hope it will not lead to another "Civil War" or sort of.  Edit: Well, I cannot wait to watch the newest chapter of Hermitcraft's history, and maybe a continuation of the Civil War trilogy.
ren you messed up if grain dosent make a rebellion now then evey other hermit will
Ren you also told them to throw away the Dimonds thay had and you took there shops wich is the reason for the attacks
Ren it's not very kingly to take your peoples Dimonds, now you just look like a dictator
Civil War 2.0 coming
29:31
I do hope that this story ends with Bdubs killing the king in an epic Et tu, Brute? moment.
Bad king bad king
The drama! I love the dramatics Ren. Thanks for always going over the top. 🤣🤣🤣 That’s why I keep coming back. 💛
It is funny that Bdubs was the one who took the most diamond blocks.  He took three, while the others took 1.
"There were unwanted guests in my private area!" Cleo: oh we would never go in your private area sir! 😔 👏 Cryin
_onehundred and thirty fifth of his name_ Damn that's a long family history
Garbage
"Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Governement becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness."   This season is going to have a war arc unlike any seen on the server before
Watching RenTheKing take literally all the diamonds and replacing them with the royal emeralds hurt my soul so much considering how much effort everyone takes in restocking their shops. This evil king story arc is getting so interesting and I can’t wait to see everyone’s videos as things heat up!  Big credit to Ren for going the villain route this season!
I have to say I love the acting from both ren and bdubs. The introduction to the court of kings followed by 'everybody clap' from bdubs is a movie quality dynamic!
ren im not a hater but what if you stop,you see having a king on a server that has a lot of people who love's fooling around is umm... ye but you see grian does not want to start a ressistant or war,claiming others shops are just bad,making quest's that just make you mad or regret and changing the diamons to royal emeralds is not good for a server that can easily make war,if you just stop for a bit maybe everyone can go back to just being themselves ren,not doing quest's,not following your rules,not getting mad at you and just having fun,pls ren,pls just stop do you want a server like the dsmp?because they weren't given freedom they started to not obey the rules and started war?do you want that to happen ren?pls read this comment and ask,yourself is being king good for the server?,is it worth it?because some people just want to be free ren and you can't force them to lisen to you ren because one day everyone will turn on you ren.pls take this comment seriously ren and maybe just stop.
I love how iskall just goes and asks about the "thine" haha and then just goes with it when they say that it just means every pronoun.    For those who don't know, "thine" is 2nd person singular plural possessive, as in, "thine apples", the person you're speaking to possesses multiple apples.  1st person singular: I, me, my, mine 2nd person singular: thou, thee, thy, thine
I love this character arc so much... Ren is doing an artful job of playing the "benevolent-turned-tyrannical King" whilst also somehow managing to make a mockery of the character with his superfluous "thus"es and "-eth"s. This is such a joy to watch. Thank you, Ren. :')
I've always said, you can't kick a gift horse in the mouth.
Now it's time for a resistance
Ren abusing his position as king to wipe out competition for his companies. It's resistance time.
If you make a 'station' with zombie-able villagers who offer Diamond Armour and Tools.. The emeralds will be exchangeable with Diamond Gear. Just offer free weakness potions and Golden Apples as well.
Communism is bad. Debauching the currency is a recipe for collapse -- every kingdom that follows this path ends in ruin.
REMEMBER THE HERMITS ARE FRIENDS TELLING A STORY TOGETHER. THEY ARE NOT ACRUALLY FIGHTING AND IT IS ALL IN GOOD FUN
cubfan seems like the type of guy to silently overthrow the king and take his place without anyone even noticing, even himself
Thou doth forthwith and henseforth abuseth the power endowed within thine tiny crown.
I hate to say it but if Ren declares war on the GOAT Empire then Doc will rain down all kinds of unholy war upon the Kingdom
What's funnier than Ren acting as a not-so-competent yet kinda angry king? Scar acting as a narcissist basically gaslighting Ren into his place at the court.
The random lore breaks are so funny XD  like the "we're cutting on ith right?" one XD I'd love to just watch an hour of all these bloopers/off lore things happening!
emeralds are actually a pretty good form of currency, since they can also be used for villager trading, making them quite a bit more valuable
How DARE Ren the King MALIGN Good Sir. Good times he has NOT got cheap plastic shades those are clearly  Netherite Glasses
I want to see another Civil War, but, If Ren keeps treating his team poorly who's going to be on his side?
I actually said "What?" out loud when he replaced all the diamonds with the 🤢 royal emeralds.
King poor
Ren why!!!!!!!!!!! I have been watching you for 4 years and now you do this how could you now I have to un subscribe to you for all those diamonds where all earnt by the helmets and from the start they weren't yours.
Ren, I've never been so aggravated while laughing at something, as I am when I hear you misuse the royal old timey speech. I hate it but I love it. Keep up the good work!
The thumbnail proves there will be another “war”
lol cleo finally caved, shes going along with the role playing i love it
Dragon sickness!
Ren is speedrunning his demise.
The King and quests have really pushed their Hermitcraft series along this season.  Brilliant idea!
Ren: plans to continue using royal emeralds inflation: exists Ren: imma ignore that
bro cmon 4 and a half minutes of that dumb weird intro
It's official, Ren is a villager.
Lol I would trip if anyone tried to do this I feel bad for the hermits that grid to fill there shops just to find this bs 😢
nah them emrals gonna push grian over the edge
Love this narration.
The king should not be the one collecting taxes, he should appoint someone to become his most loyal tax collector to do it
"there's always got to be one" ... "and its always scar"
Awesome episode! Sorry about the outrageous acts against you, I hope the new Knights of the Square Table can restore peace to Hermitcraftia! Keep up the awesome work! Have an amazing week! See you later!
The bit with Iskall was great, I hope he will be back to Hermitcraft episodes soon :)
until this video i thought ren was going crazy.. although he does still seem the villain, his actions are not without reason
Scar cub and bdubs add sooo much character to the lore
This was the best hermitcraft episode I have ever experienced in my life
Ren is going insane
Rens King Storyline saved The season 💪🏼
Imagine not getting invited to a Royal Party happening at your own Crastle lmao
I feel like Reb should have started with the statue and then the test of the squabs and then the meeting telling them all the info  and have them slowly decay over a few weeks at least, Ren the King needs to find loyal comrades and develop their duties further, he needs it against the forces of darkness that lay ahead, waiting in the shadows   an alliance must be made
Love Scar just mumbling in the background, "Seriously, just wring that thing out in the dishwasher.... Washing machine... Dyslexic..."
Man, I'm starting to get some distinct "ides of March" vibes lately.
Ren, dit was flippen snaaks. :P
Ren is doing a great job playing the "Mad King" the king who is losing his mind and going crazy wondering who he can trust, and getting greedier as well as the days go by!!
If you see my comments read them. I am trying to tell you
Bruh rendtheking you do realize impulsive did one of your quests and the piorty adventure was the resistance
Hey randog you got a resistance from the great grumbot
Of course the South African introduces a second currency 😉
Ren: "Everyone give me your money." Everyone: e_e Ren: "You'll get them back and I'll give you quests." Everyone: ^_^ Ren: "okay, I'm taking your shops" Everyone: :( Ren: "and your diamonds" Everyone: >:( Ren: "here, have some emeralds" Everyone: >8C
Ren: “My statue… it’s ruined.” 😢 The Court: *laughs at it and insults it*
Scar has netherite glasses!
At least the guillotines are already constructed. As fun as it is watching you all be goofy, it's pretty sad that you resorted to a fiat currency. On the plus side, the sooner you get kicked off the throne, the sooner you can get back to Giga Corp business.
WTF ARE YOU DOING REN???
obsessed with the drama here, vibes are off the charts! these monologues are killing it :D
This can absolutely not end well.
Seriously amazing video your Majesty.
MORE ROYAL EMERALDS? ARE YOU MAD?! THIS IS GONNA MAKE THINGS WORSE!!! I want to see your downfall now  Don't hate you obviously
I love iskall's pledge 😂😂
what came first, the royal emerald, or the statue
Lol lol lol all episode!!
i feel like, based on how he's behaving - the dramatic flair specifically - Ren's inner theater kid went absolutely nuts when BDubs crowned him king. and i love it.
Ren everything youve done on this season has been amazing
ure sus
How come he said that False was in 3rd with 39pts while xB is above her on the list with 40? 🤔
The plot thickens. Great acting Ren!
Brah.  Lol. I love this storyline
The loyalty tests make it sound like Bdubs gonna start a war
Is that iskall, on the server! Can’t be
anyone else think hes gone mabey a bit mad
Nobody is going to see this probably but here’s a little key: Thee- you Thou art- you are Thy- your [singular thing] Thine- your [plural things] Mine- my Doth- does ((Also -eth is added to the end of an action, such as “he raineth supreme” and “she buildeth large buildings,” and when talking about “you” it is changes to -est, like “thou bakest the best cakes” and “thou singest the mightiest of tunes”))  You’re welcome, and I’m sorry as now you can understand his grammatical errors haha
I sense a change in alliance in bdubs down the line
Ren this is a lore and cinematic masterpiece!
I wish there are more interaction vids on hermit videos, other than just timelapse building l, just like Zedaph
Wah what a monologue!! Bravo Ren Bravo
"Are these for the royal game night? Because they're play money"   scar is priceless
Ren has Dragon Sickness from the Hobbit lol
Just sell low tier crystals
Ren: a fairly decent king except for taking all the diamonds. Grian: stirs up stuff Ren: turns into a dictator
No Parties? Oh, well this is a get-together.
I love your drama
Why did wheelchair armrest seem like a normal thing for a weapon name
Overthrown yet?
Iskall: What does thine mean?  Ren and Bdubs who have been speaking gibberish: 😐 uhh... it's a catch-all phrase.
Fan theory: Ren the King is not Ren the dog. Ren the dog was replaced by the king before he could ascend the throne. Ren dog has been in space/multi verse with hippie Ren Bob fighting to return, so he can reveal the true evil villain that is pretending to be him.
With the new law, the resistance is simply fighting for their right to paaaaaaaaaar-tay! You can't really blame them... xD
You should have a texture pack put on the server that makes royal emeralds a unique item, so people can't just rename emeralds. Beware though, creating too much may cause inflation...
de thrown the king
Thou shalt not party? What is this? Footloose?
Ren... where is Rosie? And what is going on with the GigaPod? It hasn't been mentioned in a dog's age...
I commend King Ren's roleplay. I wonder if he may have a deeper reason on his growing obsession with diamonds... Also, since he touched Grian's diamonds from the Entity. Who would guess next episode will be the start of a war? 😂  Things I can imagine that may possibly happen on the next episodes: - Bdubs actually scheming behind Ren and is actually the true mastermind. - King's Court will actually be filled with betrayal starring Cleo or Scar. Cleo probably eventually got sick of everything that's happening or Scar finds true allegiance and better pay with Grian. - When everyone sees Royal Emerald in their stores: People will eventually start a labor strike or a revolt, some would seek refuge and rebuild their stores in Docm77's Perimeter. - Grian will eventually snap from trying to not start a resistance and decided to go on full scale war. This chance gets higher when Ren took his diamonds from the Entity. - Grumbot or the Rift will somehow make it possible to make MumboJumbo back and Grian will decide to overthrow the king altogether with the Soup Group and possibly some traitors of the King's Court. - Soup Group or another group of Hermits will start a campaign to boycott Royal Emeralds - A Hermit will decide to counterfeit Royal Emeralds, not necessarily to abuse the system but to force the entire server to reject Royal Emerald - Ren's obsession with the diamonds was actually from some sort of entity (not the entity) who actually needed the tons of diamonds for a reason - Or possibly Ren has been corrupted by someone who has obsession with diamonds  What I would like to see is to find some Hermits that will side with Ren or there will be an offer enticing enough for others to pledge their loyalty. Maybe to somehow make the opinion divided? 🤔
Get grian on the council as its the only way to prevent a rebellion
omg Scar knows how to negotiate that whole scene with him was delightful and hilarious
But should we trust ren the king of the dogs? Or should he be the one to rule a kingdom of dogs? But if transforming a hermit to a dog, how could a king be like that? A king who just cares to the rich! But thy he should be not the king and Hermitcraft be a normal server full of shenanigans or should the vote for a new mayor? And how could a king lie to his hermits? Hermits are not the same as them, but REN the king of the dogs 🐕 🐩 🐶 please do not let diamonds take over you
It’s not a party, it’s a Gathering! Also, while you’re here, sign this Hermitcraft Constitution.
Cant wait to see what happens
I find it funny that he had the quest to host a party and now it's "Thou shalt not party!" Hm... absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Mf regdog
will Ren heed Bdoubleo's warning about the one that is seem most loyal is the most likely to be a betrayer in disguise, an seen that Bdoubleo is the most loyal is he realy the one that has started this upriseing all along... :p
I hate role-play servers
Well, you _did_ create a quest to throw a royal banquet...and stole everyone's shops (no-one is loyal)...and nabbed everyone's diamonds, too (your emeralds are totally worthless)...and Grumbot is quite cranky with you for being king instead of Mumbo being the season nine Mayor (Grumbot refuses to acknowledge your rule...as well as your rules!).       So he started a rebellion (Grumbot wants you _very_ dead!) and recruited Prankster Groan, Impulse, Pearl and GeminiSlay. And Mumbo too, naturally. Whom Grumbot has made the leader of said rebellion. And who also has no idea that said rebellion even exists yet. Just like he was the last to know that he was the President of Boatem Inc. last season.      Probably all a result of the Rift that Prankster Groan accidentally ripped open underneath his base. Which you should definitely look into some time. Just in case something weird happens because of it. For the safety of all the hermits on the server, of course.      And as for the crown itself? Don't worry about it! A paper crown coloured with third-rate crayons can't rust, now can it? Just dry it out after its parade got rained on, and send out the troops (do you have troops?) to put down the rebellion, capture Mumbo the rebellion leader, and execute him for something he took no part in and knew nothing about!
Bad mouthing Cleo was a ballsy move for Ren and Bdubs. Was it smart? Probably not. Will the Kingdom burn? Probably. Only time will tell.
To stop counterfeit emeralds, you should  use your magic to make tge Rubys
I TOLD YOU THAT I SMELT BETRAYAL AND THINGS!!!!!! You all didn't believe me. There is a new stench floating through the air, those closest to you... your knights at your table, oh king, may be part of a rebellion, and my betray you. Do not trust, even those closest to you dear king. I fear that even your right hand may betray thee my lord. Is Bdubs pulling your strings keeping him in your right hand... in kings time, if you don't know.... dearest king, the one of the right hand is the one who is to take over the kingdom if anything were to happen to the king. "Bdubs shrines." said from Joe's mouth. Shrines. Oh king, the stench, the stench, it grows fowler by the moment. Oh dear king, thy kingdom may not stand with traitors in your midst.Be careful dear lord, be careful dear king.  The left side is usually for the kings queen. Be careful dear lord, be careful dear king.
Are we supposed to ignore 37:55 and act like we don't see them in the background snooping?
11:51  "there we unwanted guests in my private area" "we would never go in your private area sir"  out of context
Royal Emeralds are a scam. Down with the King!
There's a perspective where Grian is the real Villain and is puppeteering Impulse into making a Resistance. However, because Grian isn't resisting and isn't really directly doing anything bad, he can technically get away with.   Such a Villain, Grian is
Weird I smell something funny, I can’t put my finger on it but it kinda smells like, I don’t know, an upcoming war?
Boo! Don't take sshhopps diamonds are one thing but shops
Who needs to serve evil interstellar  corporate overlords when you can be king
Yes become British tax them tax them TAX THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KingRen XVI, heads are gonna roll lol
The King Rentheking is honestly the best thing to ever happen to this or any Hermitcraft season.
Thanks Ren,,,, Some one of caliber should RESIST such cur!!
Let it be known that on this day, September 19 2022, King RenTheKing decided to pilfer from the other people of the hermitcraft server in order to replace the diamonds that he personally left OUT IN THE OPEN, and that he is now playing favorites by exempting the log shop from the "Tax" he is now imposing (without writing this new rule on the board, by the way!).  A *LOT* of Hermits by this point have already seen the "Royal Emeralds" Ren, and are VERY unhappy with your decision.  Even your supporters don't have your back on this decision.  Don't be surprised if signs start popping up saying "We do not accept Royal Emeralds" or something like that in the future...  Scar as an archer (no matter how accurate or powerful his shots are), Cleo with Armorstands (that deal no damage), Cubfan with Minecraft Magic (that might hurt emotionally), JoeHills (a scribe), and BDubs with barely any combat experience, are not enough to keep the peace.  You need an enforcer of the rules.  And unfortunately for you, it seems like no one else wants to even join the court.  Start making plans!  That being said...  The character and story development is amazing, I'm happy to see how it continues, but I'm also wary that people might do like Grian has done and find loopholes in the rules.  Maybe a way to make them air-tight would help enforce in the future...
Ren,I know this is pretty unrelated but I thought I should tell you this,Grian is kinda losing his marbles,I thought you should speak to him before things get bad or anything.
Hit me up Ren if you might be interested in some writing.  ;)
I think the appropriate response to the kings action is to carpet bomb everything built by or occupied by the king, and all diamonds in any of his chests to be reclaimed by the people. The king should be forced in a cage in the nether with a respawn anchor, as was done to scar, until the contents of his ender chest is forfeited.
Members of the King's Court should get discounts in the Shopping District...that's how you can entice more to join!
The pledge allegiance to the crown..... But upon whose head will it rest?
I smell a revolution coming and weirdly enough it was technically not green's fault?¿> 🔮🤖📼
I really enjoy the plot line and characters this season, and the cinematography is rendiggity awesome too. getting to watch this really brightened my day thanks XD
Lol. Well we all know that Cleo will put a knife in his back if she gets a chance. ;)
The argument between Iskal and B-Dubs was hilarious 😂
Griavince
Couldn’t remember just build an auto miner like doc had in MC 8 (I think)?
Grian, he's a wily fella.
#BlameTwelveXisumas is so perfect. Chef's kiss~
Where there is a king, shouldn’t there be a queen as well?
Annoying, three times now YouTube has moved me out of Ren's video to an ad video on the channel for the ad. Instead of the normal ad break. I had to go back and refind his video
Ouuuuu here it comes MadKing Rises once again! 😂
Ren: Thou shall not party! David Bowie: *glares in Footloose*
The questions isn't whether or not the king will fall, it's more of a question who will cut off his head.
I love how Scar is trying to finesse his way and Bdubs is just being a distraction to stop ren from passively agreeing
Epic
Next thing you know all the hermits hand over all the shops to the king and pay for all the stock in the shops with the "royal emeralds "
Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, plays a storyline like Ren. And this season has a long ways to go yet... Go get 'em, Doth Vader! And for the record, there's nothing wrong with cheap sunglasses. Take your issue to ZZ Top in this regard..
I mean I’m all for the king, but calling gem trash…  Too far dude.
Ren, no one likes the emeralds. Make money properly my guy, nothing but inflation will happen from this
Alright... would've set the castle on fire by now
Me thinks King RenDog needs a royal Squeaky toy for his stress
wow those dm is mine by the hermit and he just cange it by a emerald thet can be farmed wow ren_-
I love your story telling. However, there comes a point where one must look up Middle English pronouns, at the very least, for their own intellectual growth and (dare I say it) enjoyment, even if one is going to continue the bit of nonsense speech for entertainment purposes.   Thine is a singular second person possessive pronoun, the Middle English equivalent of yours, as in 'My Middle English knowledge is greater than yours.'   Thine is not the singular second person pronoun in the subject case (thou), nor the singular second person pronoun in the object case (thee), nor is it the singular second person possessive determiner (thy), nor is it the singular first person possessive pronoun (mine). As it turns out, people speaking Middle English actually liked knowing what and who they were referring to and their pronouns reflect that. :P
You ever watch robin hood. Not the live action one, the furry one. Givin' me those vibes.
No taxation without representation!         Sorry I’m American I couldn’t help myself.
Ummm did anyone else see at 1:43 Ren petting impulses head?!
Tyrant!  (Great season so far, everyone is playing their part well!)
I see the kings reign lasting a very, very, very, very long time.
Down with the usoupers! Off with their heads! Er… they already put them in the soup, I guess. Into the stockade! Public shaming!
Good acting
Just take the diamonds. impulse started the diamond thief anws.
the law just be "Thou shalt not resist"
Rens private area was violated!
LOL Ren has Diamond Fever!
Love how chaotic scar is
Grian been really silent sense this dropped...
Thou shalt not party? Sorry King RenTheKing but you lost another follower of the crown today. Party on King RenTheKing!!!! just include everybody ;)
B-00 " you talk smack about diorite one more time and I will have your head!" xD
Love that once you decided to do it you've been all in Ren!
Repeat of amercan revelution?
Iskall "I pledge my loyalty by removing all of the diorite" --- LOL!
This will cause more attacks against you king Ren
Thine = Your
Nobody is going to mention scar getting impulse.
This is wild. I love the story development this season!
Love your videos - you being king is super fun, especially how much you are playing up the role! I know your probably gonna get hate, but I am #TeamCrown for this season!
Methinks Rosie needs to come down from space to vibe check RenTheKing back to RenDog.  Or at least hope a coup happens soon from all angles
Good bye good king, hello bad king.
16:42 scars swords name 😭
“Come here and kiss the royal butt…ahem I mean take a seat next to the throne”
Oh, Good Lord. Methinks thine crown doth weigh too heavily upon thine head for it to remain level. Mayhaps His Royal Hermitness need but call upon the royal physician for counsel and respite after this day of trials.
You never go full Goffery... 😉 can't wait to see this play out.
Scar is hilarious! Watch him become the next king
The doorway in the throne room looks like a evil totem.
Ren the king so sad how far you have fallen I can not pledge loyalty to a thief therefore I must not continue with your storyline so sad so sad
Should have made the emeralds worth 2 diamonds
Etho will tip the balance of power to whomever he eventually sides with. And my bet is not with the king sorry ren
i am getting a lot of thorin vibes from ren here.
Burning down a flag is often considered a declaration of war
Sounds like inflation! Lol
Ready for the counterfeits. Your least favorite subject has an emerald farm
The one man who said he'd never start a resistance caused almost all of these problems
LONG LIVE REN, THE MAD-DOG KING
Ren missed saying "Look what they did to my boy"
https://youtu.be/I-sH53vXP2A  Same vibe
Bdubs is actually the dog that has barked the least…. (At Ren anyways lol)
I think ren is taking this whole king thing to his head a bit.
they gonna rebel against you ren
Still think you should have made custom quest creation a formal process with a fee instead of banning them
Ren, that intro was poetry.
choked on my chicken noodle soup with the talk of "violation of private areas" LOL....nice
grian for king!!!! all hail grians resistance!!! am i the only one who thinks that Bdoub is a traitor? just his actions and words at the very end were so suspicious
When Scar sneaks to the throne, oh man that's funny!
Wow
I love how the royal emeralds have debased the hermit currency, opened the possibility of a counterfeiting operation which would cause massive inflation, and has been used to heavily tax all the shops. I love it, chicanery and subterfuge shall be rampant in the coming episodes, I hope
Scar cracks me up, appearing in the other throne and negotiating. Ren had to weigh the pros and cons of having Scar's chaos for or against him, lol. Wonder if he chose correctly.
That 7 minute monologue was fantastic. It sounded like you spent a lot of time working on it.
I GASPED when I saw King Ren taking those diamonds from the shops, so deliciously evil! Oh man, the hermits are definitely not gonna like these revelations LOL
Oh man I can’t wait for the coup. Also ren this content is so great I love it, buuuuuuuut I do want to see the rebellion. FREEEEDOOOOOOOM
"Thou shalt not party" dude are you trying to break Grian into joining a resistance? Lmao
I loveed hearing scars little giggles during the meeting
Trust is a huge thing, Ren. There's probably only 2 of your knights I'd trust to keep on your table, Iskall and JoeHills.   Though Cleo would be a scary person to piss off, she knows how to execute royalties. Cub is dangerously smart he has a death room too as a game. And Scar, as creative as he is, he's not as HotGuY when his bow is broken.  Stay frosty
someone get this dog an arkenstone
I love the king thing as much as the next this story line is hilarious but im so glad iskall brought up the language thing lol as a historical reinactor I cringe in a good way every time I hear it lol /pos
I absolutely loved this video! Especially the first 6 mins!
borrow diamond from doc
The tax exempt status of gigalogs  and royal emeralds to diamond conversion working in the opposite direction there is the icing on the cake.  Great content. I’m laughing too hard.
Hey ren I think you should ask King Charles to come on to the server to help you because his family has more history ruling or the UK then you do with this server and I suggest that you get Grien to send a letter to hike since he is British. P.s god save the king
I love after the diamond war ren “lets reduce the inflation”. Now ren’s money printer go brrrr 😂
Ren going full Oliver Cromwell with this new law
It seems the old Red King in Ren is breaking out. God saver HermitCraft, because Ren certainly won’t.
this is amazing
Joe: I've never been a fan of monarchies  perfect way to start your audition for the king's court
Renthekings sucks, I understand it's all roleplay but his actions are actually hurting the hermits and I hate it
ISKALL sacrificed his entire business and basically life on this server to you you should make him left henad
Ren's going coo coo
Replacing the diamonds with royal emeralds? Yeah this man is definitely gonna start a war and will lose the throne
HE CALLED US SUBJECTS!
Poor iskall, thine means your or yours
Am I the only one here who thinks the king has done everything right and the other hermits should actually be charged for their plots of land weekly?
BDubs: "Well my loy... my loyal... no, you're not loyal..."
6:05 ten I don’t think you should be a bias king, a fair and royal king!
Ren: *declares taxes* Me: “oh no he didn’t. Oh dear Ren, you better be ready to feel the wrath of Grian, there is no way he could possibly resist this!”
People are getting quite angry about Royal emeralds so maybe instead you can hire police. I like you but royal emeralds do make me angry and I do not know why.
DOWN WITH REN! JOIN THE REVOLUTION!
Grian is gonna go mad after this one xD
Trade emerald to diamond in tool smith to generate income
And now, you've officially taken it to far buddy
Calling Cleo nagging is giving misogyny, and I can not fricken wait for the revenge.  (Obviously talking about the character not the person)
Interesting to see only two blocks left after seeing all the perspectives.
I’m a little worried about the bit about Cleo talking a lot because it is a common sexist trope (especially since she is far from the most talkative member)
Ren: "Taxation without representation."  American viewers: *TRIGGERED*
Omg.. I laughed so hard when you were replacing the diamonds,  I scared my dog. She jumped, growled, and ran ..lmbo. 👍👍👍👍👍
So, Bdubs says the quiet dog is the one that bites, and he is outwardly the most agreeable. Bdubs traitor confirmed?
of all the thing king ren has done this grand theft of the people hard earned diamonds have pathed the path of revolution
Alright everybody! Place your bets! How much longer will Ren be king.? My bets on 2 more episodes.
Great episode!
that was some top notch brooding at the beginning of the video
Bad move ren. I was with you till now. Down with the monarchy, down with the dog
Oh how history repeats itself, i would personally be on the look out for any guillotines King Ren...
The Royal emeralds need a diamond skin
Is this the beginning of the Mad King arc? :o :o :o
Yep confirmed, ren dogs villain arc has hit its climax!  May the resolution begin
Wow this is so much like the real world's economy its not even funny. Wonder if the hermits did this on purpose or if it was just a coincidence.
Ren is so dramatic 😂
Epic episode😄
I can't wait for the server war between the Royalists and the Rebels
Oh, Ren. You realize that by taxing them, and replacing their diamonds with your cheap emeralds (anyone with a villager farm can make counterfeits), you're begging for resistance. And Grain is trying "so hard" not to get involved.
Ren and his group really are getting into playing the bad guys this season lol
MadKingRenTheMadKing
Having iskall and bdubs bicker over diorite is easily the best part of the episode
There it is. There's that Red King madness.
Printing fiat currency to cover his kingdom's debt? This won't end well 🤣
Well 8 netherite is just vertical infinity netherite
If you put a podium on the carpet leading up to your throne and expand the size of the SunDrop by a block or two, you can encourage subjects  to stand in drop range without being obvious about it
Royal emeralds remind me of derp coin's
This is awesome
Prehaps Bdubs  is secretly the one pulling the strings .  Ren is the puppet and B-Dubs is the puppet master
I have a real question in the red dog do you know that people can just counterfeit the royal emeralds
Force some of the hermits to go down into the mines and produce diamonds for the good of the kingdom
I'm getting some serious gold sickness vibes from Ren talking about diamonds.... Can't wait to see what his majesty does next!
Bro is the English mornrcey
all i can say is i cant wait to see the back and forths between the king and the rebellion
ROSIE:: Get back to the REAL job you were given
I think Ren forget that Party is his own quest lol 😂
They're going to ides of march yo a**.
I'm loving these stories. 😁😁😁
Cool arc
Ren is becoming george the third. There gonna have a hermitcraft revolution
King rens renpire will never fall to those dirty hetmits long live the king and bdubs i geuss
YES! TAX THE HERMITS! RESTORE POWER!
I feel like gem is a bad influence... From mattress store to most likely these soups
I'm ready to see people just rename emeralds as royal emeralds
Hermits: steals a few diamonds  King Ren's solution: Form a currency that any hermit with a villager trading hall can duplicate indefinitely, causing unimaginable inflation.
Rip the TV because someone kept standing on it. Me;looks at ren
Ren! You have a Royal Letterer! Why did you build the billboard by hand?? "Other people should do that for you, like me, as Royal Letterer!" -@JoehillsTSD
Eric blow up the castle
listening to ren talk feels like reading a book written by a king!
One thing that I’ve always appreciated about your content is how committed you are to whatever scenario you’ve crafted, and how flexibly you act in said scenario. I’m not quite sure how exactly to word my thoughts, but the way you manage to play off of everyones shenanigans in a way that both keeps everyone entertained, hermit or viewer, while remaining in character is super impressive. I’ve been waiting to see what the deal with the Royal Emeralds TM was and you surpassed my wildest expectations.
Quiet Ironic how the King has said everyone's stolen his diamonds, when in reality, he lost like 12 diamond blocks, then proceeds to steal everyone's diamonds, getting well over 12 Diamond blocks. Pretty not cool if you ask me Ren :// I can feel a resistance coming veryyyyy soon. Love the content though
Cool
Thine is possessive singular, like saying "your ownership/lordship over". The opposite being Mine.  Adding "th" to the end of words only works if it is addressing something in the past tense. Adding "est" would make it present tense. "Thou knowEST" Is present tense. "Thou knowETH" is past tense. It can also be said "thou knew".  Having said all that, thou knewest not what thou sayest, thus, thou shalt be forgiven thine transgressions of improper grammar.
Heavy is thine head that doth wear thine crown... ith.
hmm didn't take long for renthedog to become completely corrupt
Man I don’t care if this is for content or lure but your a real mean person
Not like you forced your kingdom soon then of course lol!
Can forsee ren being French revolutioned both revolutions
REN I'M GONNA START A RESISTANCE BECAUSE ROYAL EMERALDS ARE!! NOT!! DIAMONDS!!!! (this is a joke don't take this seriously)
Well Ren just started the 3rd civil war(counting mycelium war of s7) of hermitcraft.
This is to mush Ren
As an American, taxation with out representation NeVeR lEAdS to a revolution never.... just a tea party in Boston.
"Grian came in and caused all sorts of Chaos..."  If that doesn't just sum up every season since Grian joined, I don't know what does.
0:06 - "One day in the Hermit Kingdom that was like any other"  If true, then it's true for all days. They're all like any other.
my husband was listening without context and he shook his had at each time "violation of my private area" was said.
You should arrest the soup gang
I think you just broke Grian, you maybe just made the worst enemy possible.
Some future hermitcraft season: The Diorite Wars Bdubs vs Iskall
Ren, Shalt mean shall not, so you have just declared that thou shall not not party, or in other words, thou shall party.
Ren have Scar build you a mattress from his mattress store.
I'm so excited for this episode
Ren turning to look at Bdubs and then turning back to find Scar on the third throne again was perfect comedic timing XD
I think my favorite part of this is the way you can hear Ren's voice shaking with laughter while he pretends to be outraged by the transformed statue.
Yo, the taxation is going to start the American revolution in the hermitcaft server lol, good luck Ren, (you'll need it)
I mean we pretty much all agree that doc should be left on his own as a third party because he might just delete the world of they touch his tomatoes 🤣😆
You can trust Iskall and Scar. Neither of them were at the party.
I love how scar went from hot guy bow man to Ren's assassin
My King, I have a small suggestion. What if you imprinted a small crown or “Royal Seal” into the Royal Emeralds to make sure that no one makes any counterfeits?
um.... is it wrong that I empathize with the king, it's just so convincing to an empathist, either way good videos to all must be a secret royal decree because you seem to make your content worth watching
#blametwelvexisumathen
Here comes the Mad King role starting.  Love the "characters"
Imagine the Hermit Herald headlines if that was still a thing:  ‘King has gone Mad, Grian: “I’m not making a Resistance”’
Ren: "Taxation without representation" The Americans: This means war!
Renthedog, then rentheking, now renthegriefer
I'm rooting for the resistance.
Ren.. words? I question the actions of Hermit's if I ever hear any of the hermits in your.. private area..
Emeralds have no value, so I guess it’s back to the grind.. Ngl this is exactly like your reign in 3rd life.
At this point it's more surprising when Hermits accidentally use the elizabethan pronouns correctly.
It's like the wise LMFAO once said: "Party robbers in the vault that night," "Soup and Crown are gearing up for a fight," "And hOtGuY'll make them lose their lives," "Server's gonna see a—" [bass drop] "Shakedown" 💎~♪ [lights flare]  [DocM77 rocks up with Jono and the GOAT mixtapes]  [the promised Seasonal War devolves into a good old-fashioned free-for-all dance-off the way Devs intended]
the statue thing wasn't Impulse, Gem, and Pearl it was Jevin, Tango, and Beef they framed them posing as the soup group
To be fair it was grumbot made by groans that told impulse where to throw then party
7:44 This gives me real strong "Thorin Going Mad in Erebor" vibes...
Is Ren becomeing corrupt with power? Is a 2nd civil war iminent? Is Doc going to dethrone Ren? Only the future will tell.       Like the story line though!
Ren is in Full Role Play mode this season, I like it
Heavy is the head the wears the 👑... it'll be much lighter for Ren when this tyrant gets overthrown.
Right after Ren's laugh about 36:43, where the scaffolding block is there looks to be a player's name tag visible for a brief moment as it falls below. Anyone else see it?
Ren and Bdubs are like a Disney Villain and his Henchman
Perhaps the king could have use for a royal economist
If Smallishbeans made a comment on this it whould say   Lore Lore  Lore Lore Lore  Lore Lore Lore  Lore Lore Lore  Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore Lore
Kinda stealing Diamonds from everyone ngl😂
Incredible. Truly digging your game this season.
Oh dear, ohhh dear. I'm only five minutes into the video.
ren should be an actor Edit: I think we have a king Midas situation
Sire, you've re-ruined the economy. Bad form your highness.
Ren's the one that started the royal emeralds in the shopping district!?
Um you know that it not fare to all the hermit bdubs also took part in that. And now you are playing favorites to surety shops. That you own/ have own. The tyrant king has come to the server. The king is mad . Repet the king is mad. Not angry mad insane madness
See my question is why "the King" calling his knights of thesquare table, "immature domestic pigeon"~ Squab
How many hours you think Ren has put in behind the scenes doing housekeeping of the quest system etc... and generating content for every hermit and his reward is getting to go down as the villain of the season.
A suggestion would be instead of saying Server. How about Hermitcraftian, or some type of town/world! So that it could be a little more immersive! I would think the king would be able to get everyone to say it? Think it would be a nice fitting to the RP! :D
This king story is great
Grian needs to either be imprisoned or banished :)
As long as King Ren doesn't discover the Arkenstone, everything....*should* be copacetic.
“Begone, I must ponder!”
Taking all the shops profits was not cool.
Wow, Ren—I might actually have to subscribe! I don’t usually watch you, but your last two episodes have made me laugh so hard. Love this storyline and character—hats off to you and the hermits for this!
It is Official, the character Ren the King has gone insane. Props to Ren for playing him so well. Unless it is not an act? If it is not an act, the he needs help in the therapist kind.
Worst storyline ever
Somebody has a case of dragon sickness.
Ren:*Introduces Royal Emeralds* Hermits:*Revolt* Mumbo: I'm cuff to bits! My idea from Season Six came true! Thanks Ren.
Nice shoulderpads your highness!🤣🤣
Grian... shall break.. the resistance shall come.
This episode was amazing from start to finish! The opening monologue was definitely one of my favourite hermitcraft moments of all time.
I cant see anything going wrong by using emeralds, it's not like several hermits have emerald farms...
Scar is such a confident negotiator
Just remember, my king... Uneasy lies the head that wears the crown. You will find yourself in many more sleepless nights before this business is done, and it will not be pleasant business
kinda wonder what the backgroud music is starting  7:42 and ending 8:32 , it kinda gives me a little nightmare feel...
King needs Governors for distant territories
I kinda want a scene of ren singing you'll be back from the Hamilton musical
LOVING the lore Ren! Thanks for all your hard work!
you are now a dictator
More and more does this look like a parody on communism… what about #mumboforking ?
Love the dragon sickness angle 😂
YOU GOTTA FIGHT----FOR YOUR RIGHT-----TO PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRTYYYYYYYYYYYY --Beastie Boys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny997LNZ9zw  https://youtu.be/SXzVlJz5qbI?t=1043
If we’re doing a economic reset that there better be some inflation from all these emeralds
why are king WHY MEANY
Ren is really begging for someone to dethrone him with these emeralds
Could try offering other things the hermits might want as quest rewards besides diamonds. Could also have them return diamonds as quests in exchange for things they might find more valuable
greedy
The dog
Has anyone seen the game theory video on hermitcraft? Cause Ren reminds me of king Midas and Bdubs could be that demon…
Can’t wait to see the kings head roll on a free land
my count of correct uses of "thine" this episode is at... 1 which I feel is higher than usual! it's an improvement!
After you sent out the “Royal Emeralds”, pretty much everyone HATED them. Yay!
The kings court, the soup group, the perimeter, and the NAR. So many different groups
Okay but honestly, we need bdubs to betray the king, just for the dramatic effect ✨
And Ren follows in the footsteps of Roman emperors by debasing the coinage
Bro u ok ?  Because you have crazy eyes 👀.
Ren is kinda giving me Thorin Oakenshield vibes
This was very entertaining <3
It has be really hard to NOT to laugh at some of the stuff that the other people do, I thought I heard some subtle laughter at the statue thing
he's really setting up grian to resist the fact he's resisting a resistance
REN does realize this means they will all just rename emeralds from their raid farms and become rich right?
Ren is literally one kf the best story tellers lol I love this
King Tho~Ren going mad :P quick hide there HermitStone
If being a King doesn't work out, you can always become a Hippie. I hear this life can be quite adventurous as well ;)
I think the king has lost the plot, he's diamond mad!  Poor innocent Grian getting the blame for that scoundrel Impulse's behaviour. (secretly waves Soup flag) /srs Ren I thoroughly enjoyed this episode, I love the dramatics and script, yours and everyone's, you're all fabulous. /end
Ren shall execute the soup crew!
Well if Grian wasn't starting a resistance before ,he is definitely starting it now after watching this video 😂😂😂  He gonna replace all of your diamonds with Royal Emerald blocks  Because "Royal emeralds are same value as Diamonds"
Down with the crown, I mean clown. Go soup group
Looks like it's time for a revolutionnnn
When this whole story arc is finished I really hope that we can get some answers on how much of this was actually planned by the group and how much of it was truly spur of the moment. Because most of this is clearly planned out they elected a king and they probably did vote on it but most likely it was a volunteer position Ren probably took the crown knowing that this story was going to then revolve around eventually overthrowing him and was willing to play that position. Grian likely agreed not to start the Revolution and not make another War revolve around him and instead made the grumbot challenge to involve somebody else at the heart of the next War. But how much of this was planned and how much was spontaneous is something that I'm really interested in seeing
Down with King Ren!
Scar knows what he is worth
King RenTheDog, I do not truly believe that the scarred man of the good time is on your side. He is a true renegade who is only out to shoot people and to declare himself as a "Hot Guy". This alone should put him up for suspicion, but he is also very loyal to the man Grain, who is notorious for causing shenanigans and defacing the server quests with his priority "adventures". These two together would be an unstoppable force, especially with Grain being on the verge of abandoning his cult called "DNAR" and creating, or even joining a resistance such as the resistance created by the "soup group". Furthermore the two shenanigators are situated adjacent to the "empire of perimeter", who have demonstrated their insane technological and military power with their charged creeper generator and the one hit knock out warden killer arrow dispenser (or the ohkowkar for short).  TLDR: the Single Good Time with Scar and Grain, in combination with the perimeter, would be an unstoppable force who could wreak havoc upon the kingdom of hermitcraft.  Times are tough and desperate times call for desperate measures, From your loyal servant, Frogdude66
I humbly suggest that thine King take some insight from CGP Grey`s Rules for Rulers. LONG LIVE THE KING.
Everyone seeing royal emeralds in their shops: “what in the hell is this fakeness?”
I can expect someone to print fake royal emeralds using a raid farm.  In other terms, hermitcraft could see a hefty amount of illegal inflation occur soon.
i want a Hotguy calendar make it a Royal decree that he has to make one please
Who else would watch a dnd campaign with grian ren scar cleo bdubs?
The front of the castel looks like Darth Vader helmet 1:17
No we need Charles the 2nd in hermitcraft
Ahahaha I love Scar so much, he always steals the show!
Pledge your loyalty to the crown means all that wear the crown is who u pledge to not the current person wearing it so it pledged your your loyalty to me on under the crown
With Great Power, comes Great Responsibility Absolute Power, Corrupts Absolutely #DownWithTheKing
I mean, you gotta admit - Ren's pretty good with fancy taking and rhymes.
Hyperinflation go brrrrrrr
Ten Dog who do when comes to court ships it’s always the closest one to the king that betrays. Aka the Royal advisor. Da da da!!!
Just stay away from doc and the perimeter… for everyone’s sake.
The yelling about diorite XD comedy gold
Rentheking will get problems. Many problems. I advise that the King's will get Grian on his side, as a Resistance defender, he wants to be.
Welp, I think this will tip grian over the edge since there is no way he can deal with this. Start thinking of resistance name people.
Ren your statue looks like Larry King, lol
Can't wait for the black market of shops to bypass the royal tax 🤣
Rendog I’m absolutely loving you as king; may you rule long with many diamonds.  Also this is highly entertaining
TYRANT! WE DOTH DECREE THIS IS THE TYRANNY EQUAL TO THAT OF ATHENS IN THE PELEPONESSIAN WAR. THIS HATH DOTH NOT BE ACCEPTED
Ren the king (not all citizens look your video’s to watch your silly rules ) Only if you whit all the citizens declare the new way of payment whit royal emeralds Im shore they will obey .
Impulse may be the leader but in the end grian is the master mind!!!
I mean, you were giving diamonds for people to shop... You probably should have just focused on infrastructure projects.
That's it the king has lost his mind along with his compassion.
Every time I think my daughter is dramatic, I find Ren and realize she is merely the Padawan to his Drama Jedi
hmmm...why  isnt technoblade here jet?
BEST episode I've seen in a long time. I really like how the story is progressing!
Step 3: Rentheking creates a surveillance state, using the other Hermit's videos as CCTV footage.
The mad King¡ ❤️
I am only half way through, but this is just too funny! well done!
This season is about to get very very interesting.
I know scar said abs at 9:10 but I can't not hear a** XD I can't be the only one
Was it a hint on madness? He has his own morals now, justified in a way, also "shiny diamonds" as a symbol of his whole royal arc. Was the statue a breaking point and now hermitcraft has its own amazing mad king?
Omg BDubs' outbursts during Iskall's loyalty pledge was HILARIOUS!
RenTheKing had a nice run while it lasted. ~ But... I knew it was over the moment this so-called "king" started claiming everyone's shops as his own. ~ Then... this self-proclaimed "king" actually video taped himself STEALING everyone's Diamonds from THEIR shops!!! ~ Definitely NOT something that RENTHEDOG would do. ~ So, with that said... I can no longer support... or endorse... his rule... or his claim to the crown. ~ Prepare the Guillotine!!! ~ Make it TWO!!!!! ~ That's right Bdubbs... you're up to your neck in all this too. ~ VIVA THE REVOLUTION!!!! ~ DOWN WITH THE KING... AND ALL WHOM FOLLOW HIM!!!!!!!   ~ (And yes... I know it's just a story line. Still... can't make an omelette, without breaking a few skulls. T.T.F.N. ;p )
I know this is an act. But the thievery of this tyrant king is frustrating to watch. We’re I on the server the diamonds would have been retrieved and Ren executed as soon as he decided to steal all the diamonds from the peoples shops. And I expect when the hermits find out what he’s done. Doc will be setting up an arrow cannon 3000 blocks away aimed at the Kings throne. Scar will Hotguy the crown off his head. And Impulse will fly TNT Dupers over the Crastle to bring it to ruin.
Great episode
Oh I am having a fantastic time with this story! 🤩 Can't wait to see what happens next!
Ren is a great narrator overall. loved it!😂😍
The king changed the currency to fix inflation...at first, communism was attempted. Then, facing loopholes and laziness, a complete rework of the currency system arose, where every citizens can now print their own money. See if it'll pay off.
Print money!
Just to let you know you do know that grian  for once is on your side he jest wants to mess with you he has a resistance against resistance’s
I'm loving rens story telling
The hermits went sh*tty genie on you...and all warned the king about his quests: ''Careful what you wish for, your majesty.''
i don't like ren anymore sorry
I'm getting an Ides of March feeling here...I think there's going to be a royal assassination soon😁.
ren you need security cameras
#blame12xisumas
Powers gone to your head mate. Think you need abdicating 😂😅
The king is going mad...this isn't good, Ren needs to understand what he's done
and cleo and bdubs with the glasses kind of look like librains
My suggestion to you, King Ren, is to let these weighty matters become someone else's problems. You should construct a new vault, on Giga Island, to safely preserve the Royal Treasury from further theft attempts. You should then stock the current vault with chest upon chest of Royal Emeralds. Once that is accomplished, you should publicly abdicate the throne, and all of it's responsibilities, to Bdubs and/or Joe. This will ensure continuity of your policies, while freeing you to deal with more important matters, such as your mission for Giga Corp. Is not saving the world, or even the multiverse, a more worthy pursuit than dealing with petty resentment from ungreatful subjects of the Crown? 🤠👍
As bad as Ren has been acting as king, one would think he's trying to be dethroned lol. Maybe he was just looking for more content. Rosie and the Giga content has been mostly absent as the season has continued.
also scars glasses are netherite not plastic
I love how subtily Scar threatened Ren. It's just so great!
Long live the perimeter long live the hive mind
you know is it just me or does it seem like they are recreating the american and british war i can never remember what it is called as the british vs. every one else with a couple of traitors no offence intented to any one. What with the taxation without representation quote the tea party/x party and i feel like there was one more thing but i can't remember it.
Ren... if you don't do anything to make pepole happy grian might resist resisting starting a resistance AND THAT IS *NOT* GOING TO GO WELL and thats withaout *SAYING* that SOMEONE is going to take A FRIKING GUILLOTINE *AND MAKE HERMITCRAFT LOOK LIKE FRANCE IN THE MIDLE OF A FREAKING REVOLUTION* (and that is *NOT* going to go well either)
I love how joe called the heads in the soup  Can-soup-alism
Ah, yes, blaming the people for the mismanagement of funds and excess of expenditures, and fixing the economic problems by replacing real money with basically crypto with invented value. This is going to get interesting XD
You claimed everyone's shops and bought with emeralds long before the crastle party
Why is ren speaking so weird? I am not a native English speaker but I know a lot of words and speak fine but  I only understood like 1 in 10 words
I saw this in lunch and couldn’t wait to watch after school
Mumbo need to come build a royal vault.
Can I trust my court? Cut to Scar aiming a shot at Ren while he asks for their loyalty.
Ren's evil king RP is awesome
Rendog a shenanigans free server is a perfect way for you to rule as king. Considering that in its own way its a very shenanigans thing to do lol.
First off, this script in the beginning is beautifully dramatic. Now … Hermits should be Free! Rebellion! Rebel against the King! No More Royal Emeralds!
Views beware as there are phishers pretending to give out prizes by impersonating Hermits! They even use the Hermit logos. Do not give out your personal data.   Royal emeralds, LOL😂
idk how much i still support this monarchy tbh
oh ho ho you've done it now Ren
😲😲😲😲😲😲
We Romans have never been very ...how do i put this gently...delighted by kings, we prefer emperors instead. But to prove my good will i have to say, that zombie cleo is the only one who has a valid argumentum against the royal emeralds.
Dude the narration at the beginning goes HARD. This is awesome and i love to see that so much effort went into this. Keep it up!
Better plot than Rings of Power
Ah yes the king and his knights King Ren: the greatest of all time Bdubs: kings right hand who basically installed monarchy Cleo: the babysitter playing knights with kids Iskall: snotty gigapie carrot edition seller Cub: crazy scientist that is scamming the king Scar: the self-obsessed archer that sells pics of his abs Joe: has started a religion about Ren???
That "I see." "I will make short work of you and your business." Prompted a fear response from the regal duo. Cleo is as intimidating as always
I'm glad they decided to produce another season of Game of Thrones after that terrible finale. The new cast is brilliant and the new environment makes it a real blockbuster! I wonder how many episodes Ren the King will survive.
Thine means ‘yours’ btw lol (if it belongs to me it’s mine, if it belongs to you it is thine)
King Robb of the Starks met his end in a Red Wedding.... I can't help but wonder if King Ren of the Dogs will find himself in a similar Diamond Downfall........ o.O
As a ruler with seditious factions in your kingdom, I feel you need a new decree: only the king and his royal court may possess or wear netherite.  And I hear from the royal scribe that it's "wary" rather than "weary"
Long live Ren the King.
BDouble0 was only hermit that took more than 1 diamond block he took 3 from the castle in the party .
This episode is full of some of the best dialogues on this hermitcraft season.  #blame12Xisumas
What a great episode, you are definitely the best storyteller Ren! Thanks for the awesome content!! :D
You are ruining the economy white 'printing money'!!!
Oh no grian is going to be little more mad
Ren's making it really hard to resist making a resistance lol
the best or worst part is that Grain was innocent thinking it was just a party like everyone else lol.
Bdubs is freakin fantastic. He shoulda been an actor
The smiley Bdubs on the billboard was a nice touch. Really ups the dystopia vibes. XD
Ur going Down King!!!
The drama! I love it
ren you ended up declaring that not partying is illegal meaning everyone has to party.....gotta watch those typos when you making new  laws <3 xD
Can we appreciate how overly dramatic the monologue at the start was? Props to His Royal Highness King RentheKing, King of all Kings, King of the Hermitcraft Sevrer.
Ren: am I the villain? I don’t think I’m the villain…
Scar, was that flagpole or fagpoll?
Soon the reign will ended.
naur they deyassified the statue
So I'm assuming Joe doesn't believe in God...
'thine' is possessive 'thou', kinda like 'mine'. Thineself would be 'thyself' and as it's 'myself' not 'mineself' Also plural of 'thou' is 'you', not 'thine'. 'You' is also polite. You use 'thou' to your subjects, but they use 'you' to you.  Lastly, we need to look at 'I/me'. Thou and you are the 'I' version, while thee and ye are the 'me' version. I give from me to ye. you give from ye to thee. Thou gives from thee to them
Please bring back rosie, We miss her
T he statue wears the finest kingclothes, but only tue wisest can see them
I hope Ren goes full Mad King mode
You have to respect the ability on Rens part to play a villain so despicable that even the viewers can feel hate towards his actions. Bravo Ren, Bravo  That said you're definitely going to be dethroned
Looking forward to the blow out Soup Group is going to have now that the no party law has been passed. 🪩🥳
I love all the dramatic royal court shenanigans!
I don't see this ending well.....for ren that is
Hermit's invite Grian onto the server, chaos erupts every season there after.
Wow! Taxation without representation! I learned about that in history class and that is kinda what sparked the idea of the United States of America! But first there is war! Hmm. Season 6 flashbacks. With the past few updates there are more ways to fight in interesting ways!
I wonder what mumbo will think of all this when he comes back
Who thinks Ren is going to far with laws
Hope you do know to be a king you must have a queen without one your just a prince
a war seems to be in starting
I wonder if this whole thing would have gone over better if Ren Just offered the shards instead of diamonds.
Such a great episode!
You know what would be a power play. Get Grian to join you before he joins(Creates) a resistance. Get a man who is known for his wars, great ideas, and love by his peers. If you get a strong figure like him to agree to your methods, then others will follow more willing.  Maybe offer a deal not to mess with his businesses or personal business, he sides against stuff that effects him and others. So If he isn't effected by it, why resist it? Others will see that and follow more happily.
After watching this episode, I went back to watching Grian’s season 6 playlist and came across this:  https://youtu.be/lxFtUUhcI_0 Around 13:30  😂 maybe u should recruit Grian into ur council Ren and offer him piles of emerald as salary
We're the knights of the square table! Our footwork's formidable!  Love the reference😆
👑
The one season Grian doesn't want to start a war, and Ren becomes a king in dire need of a revolution.
For crimes against the crown, this comment section shall be taxes without representation. Present your replies, or they shall be taken by force.
Scar making it harder for grian to resist a resistance
Was wondering what was up with Iskall's glasses when I saw him in Vault Hunters
Great storyline, narration, editing, comedy. Thank you for the amazing content :)
I mean it could have been Grian that started it for sure.  You claiming all the shops and then replacing the diamonds with emeralds without checking with anyone did not help though.  Should make it fun to watch though. 8 blocks were stolen from you so you took what, 8 stacks back?  That math does not work.  Also taxation without representation never ends well.  As I said, fun to watch.
haven't watched the video yet but the "can i trust them" in the title cracked me up so bad😭😭
Ren, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but those Royal Emeralds are GOING to start trouble. Loyalty in Minecraft can only be bought with Diamonds and Time. Also, that last statement from BDoubleO seemed to be made in a disappointed tone... like he were irritated that he wasn't getting Diamonds out of this like he wanted. After all, while everyone else at the party took one block, he took three! And he didn't even tell you about the fact that he had them, either!  And just wait until your superiors over at Gigacorp hear about what's been going on. You'll be extremely lucky if they don't fire you on the spot!
Hey, Ren? I heard that you like soup! Is this true?
I absolutely love the soup group but after that speech at the beginning I might have to side with the king
Calling it now that cub and.scar will not be in the kings court for long 😅
Grian: don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel don’t rebel
"we would never go in your prívate area sir" lmao cleo is my favorite
I absolutely love the stories that are entering hermitcraft not like they didn’t have it before but it is nice to see stories and lore in other servers especially ones that previously didn’t have it to such an extent  I think it’s a great way to mix up endgame Minecraft!
I'm loving this story arc of king Ren starting with great intent, and slowly succumbing to greed and corruption. So great. Power and money corrupt. Although I do feel horribly bad for poor Rosie, watching you do literally anything other than what she wants. lol
If I recall, 'thine' (and thy) means 'your' and 'yours'. 'Thee' is used for the object of a sentence, and 'thou' is the subject of the sentence. For example -> Thou art here = you are here, He gave it to thee = he gave it to you. The difference between thy and thine has to do with the word after; thy is used before a consonant and thine is used before a vowel.
THE KING HAS GONE MAD
How to get grian to started a resistance 101
Your old English is so gratingly bad.
"Iskall, 85th of his name" made me giggle
The funniest part about this king character you’re playing is the improper use of Shakespearian english for me. I had a small fixation on it in high school so im not an expert but heres a small guide if you wanna talk like that casually Thou = you, often before something like “thou shalt” being “you will” Thine/thy = your Thee: you, often after something. “I bow before thee” Shalt: shall, will Again i’m not an expert and this is probably bad on purpose for laughs but hope it helps
Ren has praetorian guards now.  He's not paying them well...  *_Crisis of the third century moment_*
Any plans for giga corps to return ??
16:05 Thoughts of RenTheKingDog: "Oh, someone has to clean up these balloons! I told this bdubs weeks ago! Why are they still here?!" 🤣
The storyline of this season is amazing; thank you Ren the King!
Ok, claiming the shops was Ren nicely asking, but with his royal emerald shenanigans he's *begging* to be overthrown by a resistance!
Should hire grain to be the kingdom jester & send him to prank the soup group resistance.
this is stupid and it's hilarious and I love it
Ooooohh... Is this the birth of the mad king? "Burn them all" soon?
yeah grian wont last long with NAR
11:55 Such a good citizen!
Nr.1 hermit right now!!
Taxation without representation... Remind me again how this ended last time?
Well, the faster the abdication, the sooner Ren can get back to his mushroom island and Rosie😂 21:38 “I’ve run out of breath.” 🤣😂🤣
i emediately thought of thorin okenshield from the hobbit when he was admiring the diamonds. very interesting direction.  -Gale
Grian isn't doing anything. Trust me! He even built a Club called "Not A Resistant!". It's the Soup Group! Totally on their own!    . . 🤣
I always die laughing seeing Scar say he'll kill Impluse and seeing it pop up in chat like a mere 30 seconds later. 😂
who thinks this  king thing is boring now
I have seen a few Hermit's videos reacting to the Royal Emeralds, I wondered what the meaning was behind them. Glad it was worth the wait. Also, I only started watching Hermitcraft videos this year, and I absolutely love the time and effort you put into your videos, especially with the characters you play.
I am beginning to think Bdub set up ren to fail
Let's see if the community is more mature than the last hermitcraft war we had.
Oh it would be so funny if someone built a belly on the King statue. Just a few tweaks hear and there every once in a while
'wheelchair armrest' is Scars new bow name??? haha! :P
I want bdubs to have a character arc where he snaps and claims the throne for himself
RenTheTyrant is great content
Grain is the royal thorn in Rens back 😂😊
You are a great narrator ! Absolute kudos to the (long) intro of this episode !
The lore this season almost tops the Moon big of last season
DO NOT LET GRIAN WIN!
Do you mean to tell me that, despite Grian specifically forming N.A.R. -NOT a resistance, he still is the one who caused the major problems leading to taxation?    Yeah... that checks out
Wait wait- Ren was LYING? I thought he actually was out of diamonds but if he just taxed everyone.. D:
“Oddly, the most freeing thing we can ever do is to abdicate the throne of our own miniature kingdoms.”  - Beth Moore
This isn't going to brew well
Thror, king under the mountain. But with a bit more arken stones :þ
Ren can no longer hear his comments! The power has gone to his head D:
Looks like its time for Ezio Auditore da Firenze and rest of the brothethood of assassin's to intervene and kill this dictating and corrupt king ren of hermitcraft they allready have dealtwith the templars now they have this blocky king to deal with
Ren was the perfect choice for king 🤣 when this first began I wasn’t sure where it was gonna go and so far I’m loving every direction this storyline has been taken!
Enter inflation.  Communism fails once again https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eByhYbBvNWk
There's always gotta be one... Yeah, and it's always Scar.  I was laughing so hard 🤣
In respect to the Sir, Cleo should be given the title Dame and not Lady.
whot if ren crown is a legendary midas crown from old hermitcraft
Ask not what your subjects will do to prove their loyalty to you, ask what you can do to prove your loyalty to them.
This is my season 9 favourite episode so far love the work Rennn
Down with the king
So wait... You tell the council you just have 2 diamond blocks but have over 2 stacks ? See I feel like Giga corp. Is waiting still and all you are doing is trying to suddenly change the economy and even more so insanely quick rather than easing the economy into this new system and offering a diamond scale comparison for the emeralds why not just rework the system and allow people to pay to do multiple quests so at max you can do 2-3 Daily quests with the buy in system with diamonds and offer the conversion with royal emeralds but you should also try to use the custom models to make a unique item only the Royal mint can make ( possibly a retextured goat horn that proclaims validity when left clicked ) but honestly you did make an interesting choice hitting reset on the economy but you also did say all diamonds will be redistributed so you could instead of claiming the shop imposed a tax which wouldn't have been seen as a land claim this being a 20% tax so 1 diamond for every ten earned . Now the strive to fill the treasury is a desirable goal I feel like preserving the kingdoms commoner's wealth is also as important. This being said why not have a royal diamond mine established and members of the court may mine for diamonds there and 50% would go to quests 25% will go to the treasury and they can keep the remaining 25% meaning loyalty will be bought back due to more wealth is being given with no extra work of reworking the economy though my biggest question is what is the plan here for the giga corp. Mission ?
Everything is great except for Ren's gross overuse of "my private area." Show more class please, Ren.
Wars make for good content… so making one happen on purpose by annoying the other hermits (all in good fun) only makes sense 😆
History will show that this was the moment that the Kingdom of Ren The King began its descent into a totalitarian regime.
:)
I'd be on the look out for a black market under the shopping district. It's what I would build if Ren was my king.
Fun fact: all of this happened because bdubs made you king 😂   smells like a rebellion is brewing
I think I'll subscribe to you, just to see you squirm at the resistance that became inevitable when you made the quests.
The king's head shall end up on a stick 😤
Your Storytelling is brilliant! I just looove the storyline this season.
Ren has gone King Lear mode, after confiscating the diamonds, N.A.R. Will most definitely become Now A Resistance
Your familiar English has improved greatly since the message board you threw up in front of Pearl's portal in the Shopping District.
8:18 Ren just turned in Thorin Oakenshield 2.0 ngl
Wait till the hermits know what the royal emeralds actually meant
BDUBS DOESN'T HAVE... HE DOESN'T HAVE...
impulseSV was slain by GoodTimeWithScar using [Wheelchair Armrest]
ren is having so much fun playing a totally-not-vilainous king and i love it
Atleast pay fair 1/1 emerald price at the shops dude.
No! Ren, don't go after Grian! He's been trying so hard Not to start a rebellion and you're giving him the exact excuse he needs to do so!
Viva la revaluation
Wow. If Ren is blaming Grian for causing the ruckus of the vault party through the priority quest system, he is going to blow his top when he finds out the vault party was inspired by grumbot, grian's child.
I love Hermitcraft. A king can go "the good king plot is boring now, Ima going be evil" and everyone is "Okay!"
SOUP GROUP KING NO MORE!!!!!
Taxation without representation 🤔 worked so well before 😂
This is going well.
The “PA-LONK” had me laugh so hard my gut hurt and my eyes were watering. The sheer confidence and cockiness from Joe was just delivered perfectly. I hope you see good days with him as your Little Finger.
well, if royal emeralds really do equal diamonds, the citizens are not really losing out on anything, they can just continue  on and pay with the emeralds, it's not like they're some sorta illegal counterfeit, they're literally endorsed by the king
you should make custom armor for the knights
This episode is AMAZING bro
You’ve gotta fight For your right  To paaaaaaar-ty!
down with the king,, long live the GOAT..🤣🤣 cant wait to see how this story will unfold. keep up the great work hermits
The lore just keep getting better, it make watching hermitcraft videos even more enjoyable than usual.  You and the other hermits are doing a great great job.
Since this seems to he a problem every season here’s a PSA: they’re all friends and having fun with each other. No one is the “baddie” here and they’re doing this for our entertainment ❤
NO ONE TALKING ABOUT. SCAR AND REM IMMEDIATELY STOPPING THE FIGHT WHEN BDUBS TELLS THEM HE LOVES THEM AND HATES SEEING THEM FIGHT. NOT ONE COMMENT
There is going to be trouble,you just Know there's going to be a rebellion!!!😂Let the fun begin!!😏😉
By implementing a new currency Ren still must provide an exchange rate and a location to exchange currencies. But depending on the rarity and how much of the currency exists is the overall value I am predicting that Royal Emeralds will be around 1/10 of a diamond at the current rate of production
I’m a very strong antiauthoritatian, but that is an excellent mini-Bdubs on your propaganda poster.
curse of greed
I guess this is looking it someone's in "The Court of the Crimson King"
You neglected to mention claiming all the shops as property of the crown. That’s what really sparked the dissent.
I love when ren talks in the royal king voice XD
I feel like a 10% tax would have gone over a lot better.
"Is this what you kids call Roleplay?" -Rendog, 2022
Gotta watch put for that BDubs guy, that smile speaks volumes and we dont know how much of it is true.
Oof,there will be so much resistance,grian might even resist
It’d be cool if you got an economist to overhaul the servers economy. The royal emerald could work but not with a 1:1 diamond ratio. Also doesnt make sense that both are legal tender. There should be an exchange/bank for the conversion. Maybe a x:1 ratio with netherite would work better since diamonds aren’t really that rare.
Love your CAT ( impulsive Cat for shure )  pet that nice kittycat  .. does not sound evil at all ther Ren 💜
I am a teller of fortunes, however thou’s are quite interesting there quite unclear. However I see a fall the players are: 7 thou trust most ,a man who cowers and hide away from the world declared separate from all else,  tertiary I see three who indirectly threaten thee and finally I see a clown hiding unknowingly stabbing thee .
Rendog could drop off the face of youtube and twitch bet not a single person would care
Ren, you made yourself king of the clowns(affectionate), don’t be surprised that they started honking their red noses. 😂
My kingliness, In this time of confusion I'd like to advise hiring citizen Zedaph as a spy to infiltrate the brewing rebellion and get some royal eyes on the inside. Convince him that stopping the rebellion is an advancement and he is guaranteed to produce results.
I love this... "look what they did to my statue!" Bdubs "Ooooh yeah."
the first part of this video I could not stop cringing at this xD
Make a dungeon for Grian and the rest
So umm... all the logs in Giga Logs available for emeralds!! That's a steal!!
Royal Emeralds? Making fun of Cleo in front of her? Giving scar full reign of whoever he kills in the name of the king? Yeah I see no way this could possibly go wrong 😂
Great content as always Ren!! :) Thank you for all the hard work :)
So the answer to will doc or Grian start a war first is... Ren
The epic music in the beginning…  Gotta admit if I came home and found a party in my basement I’d be more pissed that I wasn’t invited.
The king? Corrupt? Whatever do you mean?
you need to bring grave face back into the vault, he should still be close by
“I am going to tax the hermits!” And replace it with the very valuable, very important royal emeralds 😂😂
Ren, you're such a legend. Making this dramatic storytelling, acting as a king, if there is an Oscar for the best Minecraft Role-plays you absolutely deserve it. This role is so much fitting for you. Love this 'king of the hermits' content and I cannot wait to see the next one from you RenDog
#BlameTwelveXisumas
Ren your editing and acting in this video is chef's kiss!
8:23 oooh....oh our king is becoming a whole different kinda king.
well... this monarchy went downhill fast. viva  la rebelion  4:35 nope, nope, nope baaaad idea
Ren really do be turning into the king of the lonely mountain or even Smaug
Is it really that wise to 'declare war' on a guy who built a *_WORLD EATER_* single-handedly?
.
He’s going mad
𝙻𝙴𝚃𝚂 𝙶𝙾𝙾 𝙽𝙴𝚆 𝙷𝙴𝚁𝙼𝙸𝚃𝙲𝚁𝙰𝙵𝚃 𝚆𝙰𝚁𝚁𝚁
Scar is so betraying them
This is a real lesson in history. Like reading about Louise XV. First you tax too heavily and then you switch to fiat and depreciate the currency to keep up the royal expenditures. Soon there will be pamphlets circulating about the rights of man and greater equality brought about through a laissez faire economy.
#blame12Xisumas
Grian better hold strong after this!
Company town capitalism is a very funny change to this server.
Viva la resistance!
Ren is mad for power this lore gonna be amazing🤪
The war is coming beware! I feel that none of the other hermits are not going to be very happy with the emeralds and they shall be coming forth for their diamonds.. I think even your faithful servants are going to be going behind your back to retake their diamonds!! I believe the quest are a thing of the past "NO ONE WANTS EMERALDS"... But we shall see.
King Ren dictator ark
I can hear grian chanting "Don't start a resistance. Don't start a resistance. DON'T START A RESISTANCE"
I saw Ren taking diamonds out of shops and was like "Welp, there goes any chance of a peaceful end to this mess. Stuff's about to go down."
Next ep : IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING
Ren: "throw a party" Impulse: throws a party Ren: "no, not like that"
Ironically with what the soup group did also stopped grain adventures.
Cant wait till someone just forges these royal emeralds  You know it's going to happen  Worst thi g is, you can't make a law against it since you'll have no idea who did it
I think Ren is developing the dragon sickness from the Bilbo movies.
Can't wait for the How Bad Can I Possibly Be parody for like they did Scar
and some wonder how we got here...  It all started when the king put up the royal "sponsor" signs all over the shopping district.  Grian, as a sign of not-resisting, created an elaborate adventure to "remove king's claim" (meaning the things from the shops). Impulse, who took the adventure, interpreted it to mean "remove the kings claim to the throne/crown" (viva la resistance), and thus the Soup Group Resistance was born, with the sole purpose of annoying the king into giving up kingship.  Meanwhile, Doc, who was already skeptical of the kingship, saw the "sponsorships", and decided to declare his own independent nation away from the king's rule.   And if this wasn't enough, the king's unfair usage of "royal emeralds" will most likely be his downfall in the not-too-distant future
Heavy is the head that holds the crown...
King Ren: starts taxing the shopping district without consulting the other hermits (taxation without representation) Me: Remembering back to when 13 colonies got fed up with that and started a revolution (not to mention chuckin' some tea into the harbor xD)
Iskall??? wow unexpected...
If you must commit evil then commit them all at once
Great monologue ren! Keep up the great work.
[Watches the first 6 mins of the episode] Wow... Ren _really_ wants his Crastle blown up, doesn't he?
Dude it is Doc you don't want to mess with him, he will redstone chaos and bring it to your doorstep. I actually really want to see that so go ahead take his diamonds
"We are out of diamonds!" He said, like a literal! Lol!
Lol remove the diorite!
You will cause just more inflation, becoming the very thing you swore to destroy
@4:49 Taxation without representation? Ooh, that's not gonna go very well. Lol XD
I absolutely ADORED this episode!!!! your storytelling is divine!!! This can only end in tragedy and I’m so here for it
Under my opinion, I do declare if you need to end Grian, bring me to thy server. I will do what I can.
Watching bdubs defend ren is hilarious😂
Uhm ren? I don't think confiscating all the diamonds was a good idea, your economy is gonna crash
Ren, you should go to the top of Docm77's flagpole, doth shall receive context when one goes there
I’m really starting to dislike this king thing               Grian should start a resistance
I think you could gain more diamonds by removing all of the deepslate diamond ore from the crastle and the vault layout, along with Doc's flagpole.
tax the poor my liedge
I secretly hope Doc creates some Redstone madness on the server although secretly I love rendog's voice alot it's got a flair about it but ill sit back and enjoy the drama lol!
“But can I trust them?” bro you are one bad fiscal policy away from getting JFK’d on your throne
ITSAGOD
As soon as the knights touch GOATs diamonds, there's definately gonna be a "fucked around and found out" moment
Only scar can manage to scam a king
Grian
I'm learning some interviewing skills from Scar lmao
Welp, on this note I say, "RESISTANCE!"
Skulls for the skull throne!
I'm guessing the king didn't like his soup...
Imagine coming back home after a long day and finding a party in your basement and your right hand man is dressed as doom guy.  Gotta be akward Sounds like a normal saturday! 🤣
Viva la resistance!!!
Ren:"Thou shalt not party" Also Ren:"Why do i hear footloose?"
its time for war
If you yourself is making money by literally printing it, that's counterfeit, but if the government is making money by literally printing it, that's legal.
Is the name of scars bow "wheelchair armrest" is an allusion on "car seat headrest"? You know, the band?
feels like watching WW2 documentary what went wrong with germany
Ren... my dude... you do realize that "no taxation without representation" is literally one of the biggest causes for the American Revolution right? I don't think this will end well for you...
You’re ruining hermitcraft
!!!!! this is so great, im so excited to see where this storyline goes!!!!!!!!
32:40 Scar hit him with the Bdubs 🤣🤣
By refering to it as a tax by replacing all profits in shops with Royal Emeralds, the King is inherently contradicting himself when he says that they are worth the same as a diamond at a 1-1 conversion. Furthermore, in some cases he even put more Royal Emeralds in than there were diamonds, devaluing his own currency, decimating the econony. The King needs a Royal Treasurer, might I suggest Mumbo, the richest hermit who hasn't rebelled or declared independence, to oversee all of these exchanges to help preserve what's left of this crumbling economy.
Careful Ren... your George III is showing.
Whoelse is waiting for someone to buy everything in ren's shops with emeralds
Might end up with Crabs in your private area instead of Sea Horses....
Thank you so much Ren for going out of your comfort zone and playing the overbearing king, you're such a nice guy but it's awesome that you're giving everyone else a chance to make their own story
Ren is such a good story teller and I see what direction he has in mind for King Rentheking.
9:10 Omg I had to rewatch that. I misheard so bad right there I spit my food out!
Dude - this story line is awesome :)  You folks ought to do more plot lines, it really works!  Mitch from Australia.
I think this plotline is turning into the one of the best in Hermitcraft history (as someone who started watching in Season 6). The entire royal court is amazing, and King Ren's slow descent into greed has been great to watch.  Keep up the great work!
there were many times i had to step back and laugh while watching this, but “iskall, 85th of his name” takes the cake. truly a stroke of genius from his royal dogness king rentheking
My god, can GoodTimesWithScar swindle or what?
Did anyone else spot Cub peeking into the throne room at the end?
Oh gods, Grian is fighting a loosing battle against himself
What an intro 🤯 Great episode aswell
Scar is like my mom. Always trying to lower the price, or in this case, the offering. He's a natural business man😂
Every rendog episode is just a legit movie
What if instead of the using emeralds use lapis instead? Since it’s barely used because of villagers trading books.
one of these days ren is going to master Elizabethan English, but today is not that day.
Ren if you are reading this you are greedy
I like how during war, iskall kinda start personal war with bdoublo on diorite
down with the king!
The narration is awesome
Boo boo ren THE KING SUCK. HE IS THE WORST IF YOU AGREE GO IN THE Comment ren is thief steal diamond  rens not a king his POOR
I love Ren's commitment to the (corrupt) King character. I know Grian is the one who usually starts wars but if there's a war this season I think Ren deserves the credit.
4:47 |Unfortunately "Taxation without representation" was a term used by the americans before the *revolution* since the british agreed to highen *taxes*.  Colonies didn't have someone with a seat in the parliament so the brits didn't care as long as they repaid their *expenses* from the 7 years war, thus this term was born  This was the little spark that ultimately enabled the americans to *revolt* against the brits, and against the *king*  We all know where this is going do we?
yknow ren, they say that when you find yourself in a hole, you should stop digging.
Hello King Ren The King, I have a few suggestions, in case you plan on keeping that crown. 1. instead of Royal Emeralds and Diamonds being accepted you should only have ONE currency, as in every place, ever. Royal Diamonds. which look exactly like diamonds, so Hermits will feel the change less. in order to buy anything from the sopping district, they have to stop at your statue (or maybe make a few A.T.M in the shopping district) you have a mod on the server to change items looks, so use that, but tell hermit they are renamed diamonds and are therefore not infinite and valuable. 2. every king has a foundation to his power, and this is the people enforcing it. since you have a new kingdom, you are able to chose those people easily.  you need a royal bodyguard, a general. and you need knights/enforcers. make sure they are payed well, feel like you trust them and like them(even if you dont) and that you gave them their power and privilege. I know this is just block game, but thinking about this as if you are playing with real people with real money, and changing financial systems and structure of power can be intresting, and maybe useful IMO.
I give you 5 days as king, tops. :D
"Iskall, 85-th of his name"  DEAD
I'd be so tempted to just HotGuy Ren while the offerings were announced... I can't with authorities xD But 12/10 roleplay.
Let a new Hermitcraft war begin
Thee/ thou/ thy/ thine are the singular, but obsolete "you"   I / me / mine / mine are the singular first person ones, for reference. So if you would say "my crown is falling" you can say to another person "thy crown is falling" if you want to be grammatically correct.
Iskall 85th of his name 😂
Expect a bigger rebellion. Good luck!  Btw, can't they make fake royal emralds? Create fake currency?
I'm getting evil X vibes from thine kingith of the canineth variety.
🦆
Okay, somebody has to start this thread. Who wears the diamond glasses the best. I'll say either Cleo or Cub.
im cheering for the soup group, end the reign of ren "the petty" king. chaos shall rule the lands once more
Don't get me wrong, but the camera work in this episode is magnificent! I just love the fade-out rotate when zooming out of the royal vault. It is always very good, but especially that moment just shined out, with the lyrical talking about shine of the diamonds... Top notch!
You can trust all of them but especially Cleo
This is how there will be a stronger resisten
New unbacked currency that's easily replicable? There's no way this could go wrong!
11:30 I love how Ren speaks as the king, lol! He's RP'ing amazingly!
Next Rule: Though Shalt Steal The Treasury of Thiee King
You just need to convince Grian to join your royal square table of knights! With his ingenuity you will destroy any resistances
When they made you king, you should have gone full Elvis and the mega base a replica of Graceland.
The Americans on the server should Rebel due to this egregious taxation.
And thus the king takes a turn. They could have had a nice guy.. nope reap what you sow.  Pushed to the brink, a king has no choice. lol
it is very curious that the king whose original decrees considered the broken economy of the server now introduced a new currency, that is incredibly easy to counterfeit...
Bdubs "I DONT HAVE I DONT HAVE I DONT HAVE" .."oh I had a totem" 😂😂😂 gets me everytime 😂😂😂
You are gonna make so many people angry with your clown currency
The bad modern English is driving me nuts 🤣  1PS: I / me / my / mine 2PS : Thou / thee / thy / thine 3PSM : He / him / his / his 3PSF : She / her / her / hers 1PP : We / us / our / ours 2PP : You / ye / your / yours 3PP : They / them / their / theirs  The commoners always use the plural "you/ye" when speaking to The Crown and The Crown uses "thou/the" when speaking to one person and "you/ye" when speaking to groups.  That said; I do know that Ren always getting it wrong is part of joke. But still... nerd rage "well actually" moment 😵
You know, I was all on board with a standardized currency and then you had to declare yourself as anti-shenanigan
Excellent!!💕💕😇
This is going to be an epic episode!
I'm sorry Ren, but this is too far, i'm betraying you.
Leave doc alone or that would be a disaster for your kingdom!
Also you were never actually appointed King other than by B-Dubs
I've been waiting for this perspective! Love the story arc!
The spacing on that sign was done quite well
Thou 20:21 is bribary
you are a fall'd king and your over derma tick
Well really this whole situation was inevitable because ten couldn’t keep giving away diamonds forever, he had to run out eventually
Doc: I am the most dramatic when it comes to “lore”  Ren: *rolling his sleeves about to deliver a speech that is so dramatic that dream smp is quaking in their netherite pants* BDUBS HOLD MY CROWN
I do love that in the background we see Impulse get slain by Scar’s wheelchair armrest, and I can’t get the picture of scar just going to town on Impulse with his wheelchair
was that the Mad Dragon's Curse manifesting??
Time for revolution you are stealing from the people
Loved the nod to one of the things that kicked off the US's revolution back when we were just a bunch of upstart colonists. :P
that explains what 'royal emeralds' are. if i were you ren and were going to subject people to taxation, a) i would include my own shop(s) so no favoritism, b) I would explain what the devil the royal emeralds are before you get even more resistance ren. the main loop hole with your royal emeralds is that anyone can grind up emeralds, then copy and paste the royal emerald names onto ordinary emeralds.
Your acting this episode is ON POINT
ren. whats the value of the diamonds when everyone is now using royale emeralds?
Royal emeralds need a custom texture that must be why people don't like them
My Liege, with all given respect, I would like to suggest that you consider keeping distance to the highly innovative empire of perimeter. Though an independent nation might seem dangerous, it is way more dangerous to provoke any sort of retaliation. Sure, the royal Court of thy highness is mighty, but yet still mortal. Could they really survive a flood of charged creepers, launched by highly accurate German machinery? I, as a German myself, am in great fear of my kings health and the state of the kingdom, should there ever be a war between these two mighty nations. Don't forget Perimeters secret weapon: the world eater. Don't, please don't summon the rage of that beast upon you, my liege.
Viva la revolucion
Honestly, I love everything about this arc. And Ren being such a drama queen (affectionate) is just perfect! I can't wait to rewatch this episode over and over again hehe
Oh brother he lost it 😵
I absolutely love how Iskall‘s glasses are upside down. This is a really well made episode.
This guy has less control over his people than the French government
Replaceing everything with the royal emeralds especially impulse
It is absolutely wonderful to see Iskall btw! I love that he barely knows what’s going on so he’s just happy to be there lol Him and Bdubs have some amazing chemistry and I am here for it. In season 5 it was La Revolución vs nHo and Iskall and Bdubs grandiose scenery-chewing aggressive argumentative conversations were incredible. So I’m hoping Iskall turns on the king eventually so we can get more of that!
"Thou shalt not party!"  We should expect a hermitcraft rendition of "Footloose" soon.
video is well produced but i can't condone the oligarchy forming. #longreignsoupgroup
Rendog starting witg frederick the great quote but not died sleeping in chair???😜 I like how even tho you do things to force resistance (claiming shops, using royal emeralds (aka fake money) to shop,...) You meanwhile use title and quests to get hermits to do the standard "chores" with reward instead of free. So basicly you are pure (chaotic) neutral. Hmmm, reminds me on season 7 how Bdoublo give someone else position of power and resistance happened🤣
You're begging for a revolt of epic proportions. If I was on the server I would get the carpet bombers ready destroying all the kings buildings. Let there be revolution.
When Bdubs said that it is the quietest dog that bites, maybe it is a sneak peak that he will be the traitor
love how story driven your content is.
Actual gasp
No just no
grian is going crazy. hes resisting resisting resisting a resistants and resisting resisting but he cant control himself for long
ur bad hahahaha
Tbh I said the emerald comment offhand as a joke in stream chat, but I'm loving where the storytelling is going with it! 🧡
From the other hermits’ videos I thought Ren went on a shopping spree with the emeralds BUT HE STOLE OMG🤣
summon jeff the minion
Alas, my king, I foresee a future that does not well for you.
If the currency of the realm is now Royal Emeralds, ALL of the diamond blocks being used in the Arch of Champions should be replaced, right?
Emeralds are a risky currency, since anyone can farm them up in massive quantities causing devaluation of the currency.
A paranoid (Ren the) king? reminds me of another king named of Macbeth? hope not a tragedy befall Ren same as him?? ;)
Ren what are you doing your going to kill grian he's trying so hard to not start a  resistance the priority quest were a idea he had something that can help you and you are now taking everything
"We're cutting on 'ith'" :DD Starting to think Ren might be a masochist tbh.
How the heck did you get Iskall to partake in Hermitcraft?
It would be so fun if the netherite throne would be filled with skulls from hotguy hotguying the rebels.
Finally, the Court of the Crimson King
Taxation with out representation, big big no no
I love the idea that people with numbers in their name are part of a legacy of people!
I know this is all to make things interesting, but honestly I've been enjoying your reign so much. The quests, the collabs, all the cool things that have happened bc of them. It's been really cool. I like the resistance too though 😂
I’m sorry, Ren, but I think that it’s time you step down as king. You’re starting to get corrupted by the Crown, and this will only end in your downfall.  [I love this whole storyline, by the way, I’m just going along with the story. Keep up the good work, CyberDog!]
i find it interesting how Ren doesn't question Bdub's loyalty even though he was the one that Ren knows was at the party, perhaps Bdub's is the one pulling the strings while Ren is the one getting hit with the tomatoes?
I suggest that docm should pay taxes to have indpendence. Its a way of incoming diamonds. HE LIITTERALLY  BUILDS WITH THEM!
Seems to me like you have more mental illnesses than Grian does.
heh yes, "blessed with honor" more like thievery with putting claimable on every single shop should've put in the rule that was implemented by iskall85 in season 7 of making the land be purchasable and the diamonds used to buy will be sent to the king
UNSEAT THE KING!!!! HE IS NO LONGER WORTHY!!!!
You missed the opportunity to make DogCoins as a pun!
We are getting a villain arc where, either all of the server will make a revolution by themselves OR try and get Grian to lead it Which makes this Retired hero type of story  Also can some1 pleas animate this episode?
I love  how Joe passively sneaks in, you gotta keep adventuring
you want rebellious war this is how you get rebellious war
Ren is about to seal his own fate by just taking everyone else's profits. No one wants those emeralds
King should never bow his head no matter what! All hail king ren the dog!!! #RentheKing
If I am rendog I will use the diamond standard (the gold standard). You know make it illegal to use diamonds as money.
I was handling the meeting very well until Cub looked down at Doc's declaration book, where I proceeded to start laughing and could no longer take the meeting as seriously 🤣 It was too funny seeing the dragon head clipped into the maps, so it looked like him just staring down the snout at the book
And another thing, how did you get that Old English language anyway? Were you an English Major in school?
This is gonna be the last nail in the coffin for Grian, Ren now taking taxes haha
Beware my King: "False face must hide what the false heart doth know"
i can"t belive that Mumbo is starting another resistance
Funny to see the royal shenanigans while  the actual Queen is dead
I like how Bdubs failed to mention the 3 diamond blocks he personally took during the party.
"Can I trust them" No. Hard no. Kill them while you have the chance, King
I can already hear Grian in my mind saying „Do not start a resistance. Do not start a resistance. Do not start a resistance.“ to himself while standing in his sculk infected rock.
Never thought I'd say this about a bdouble0 build, but I can't wait to see it destroyed
Monarchies are the actual worst considering their history of oppression, colonialism, and based on bloodlines. Yes, that includes the British monarchy.  If anyone has any pushback on that, I invite you to speak to anyone from Ireland, India (their news media, both conservative and liberal, was tickled at QEII’s passing and did not hesitate to bring up every horror subjected to India), Kenya, the Caribbean amongst many other countries that the UK colonized, pillaged, stunted, and destroyed.   I am glad Joe brought up why he doesn’t like monarchies because of some nebulous power given to them by “god”.  Can you imagine the gall of Liz to believe that she (and all Kings before her) was head of the church of England with divine authority?   So I am thoroughly enjoying this storyline as it is making a mockery of monarchy. I did very much laugh at the taxation retrieval. Ooooh, that is going to get so many hermit fanbases ticked off. As much as you’re blaming Grian for everything and his fanbase enjoys being the centre of Hermitcraft, they are not going to be happy with the Entity’s profits appropriated and I can’t wait for their reactions.
why am I holding my belly laughing in the face of a disaster in the making? Caus' this is gonna be a disaster! :D
Bdoubleo100 is scimming most of you diamonds 😉😉🙃
Three issues with Royal Emeralds 1. Easily counterfeited- Emeralds are easy to obtain and renaming only takes an anvil  2. Lack of incentive to adopt the currency with a 1 to 1 exchange between diamonds and emeralds there is no reason for the hermits to adopt the new currency 3. Lack of trust currency requires all parties to trust in the value of a currency for it to be usable Potential solutions to the issues 1. A custom texture pack(doesn't need to be complex even just a seal on an emerald) or simply a non-farmable item of almost equivalent rarity or a difficult to farm item. 2. Make royal emeralds exchange at a higher or lower rate than diamonds or ban the direct trading of diamonds with others but the crown 3. Good news you now have diamonds so you can back your currency. I suggest creating a "shop" that exchanges between the two currencies however to encourage usage of royal emeralds I suggest taxing exchanges from royal Emeralds to diamonds and vice versa this provides a means for hermits who don't wish to use the currency to get diamonds back but also makes the more stingy hermits more likely to use the current as currency and less likely to exchange it while also making it less likely hermits will simply throw it away
That whole opening monologue is amazing and Court shenanigans are super fun!
I’m only 4 minutes in and this is a DRAMATIC cinematic MASTERPIECE 😭😭🤣
Behold the beginning of the the revolution. Lol
Someone start a resistance please grian and soup group take down the king start a war 😎stop resisting a resistance take down this soup king 😈
the Frederick the Great quote, yesssssssss
I think the kings gone a bit whackadoodle
Thou shalt not party?!  Umm, I kinda think that the hermits will (in the words of Beastie Boys) fight for their right to party.
Viva la Perimeter!
BDubs looks signaturly intelectually superior in thous glasses
LONG LIVE THE KING RENTHEKING FIRST OR HIS NAME
—-Fixing the Royal Issues of Hermitcraft:—  For starters, Wouldn’t netherite be a better royal currency? It can’t be farmed like emeralds but hermits actually LIKE netherite, plus if the hermits were to set up an exchange rate (like the stock exchange in the past) they could trade the netherite for diamonds as well. The crown would own the exchange meaning loyalty on that basis, plus other crown owned businesses like say a casino, would increase people’s reliance on the King.   You could continue server quest with different rewards depending on the job, including small plots of land near the Crasle to give other hermits lord and lady statuses (not comparable to the king of course)  More community projects would be good to boost moral, perhaps a Royal park with statues spread throughout commemorating every one of the hermits with praise (even if they aren’t aligned with the crown) this could sway people back into respecting the crown more.   Perhaps some reward for joining a shop with the crown? Like if 5% of the profits went to the crown (as an example) the crown would set up billboards for them? Something like that to get some revenue into the Royal treasury.  Perhaps with the influx of roads on the server (and a push for more) the focus should be to get more fast horses on the server. The crown could sell Royal horses and stables in the shopping district.  On that idea, Royal pets could be another neat idea, with the crown providing an area for them to live in. If the hermit would like to decorate it themselves they can, or they can pay more for a Royal architect to do it.  Other events would be great as well  •drag racing horses (like cars) could be fun for hermits, especially if the use speed potions and bet on the races •firework shows •Royal karaoke •A horse race around the sever in supported mumbos bike challenge   And there’s a ton more options! Not sure if it’s the plan, but having an ACTUAL leader to the sever that doesn’t just fizzle out could be kinda cool
taxing the people huh  i think i heard that in some American history or smt, but it definitely didn't backfire pshhh naaaah, just a lil bit of revolution and independence, nothin' much-
ISKALL IS BACK 🥳🥳🎉🎉🪅🪅🎊🎊
Nice episode today ren
Can't wait for Grian, I mean Impulse to start making his own royal emeralds and hyperinflating the market
Okay, who took the Arkenstone? I’m looking at you, Bumbo Baggins!
This is going to be a speedrun of a revolution.
depose the corrupt king!!!
I can just sense grian vibrating wanting to join the soup group after this taxation
Red should have just said, look the quest system is expensive, we need more diamonds.  Lets have a server-wide mining expedition to replenish the quest system and he would have gotten volunteers.  This way is much funnier though.
Not long now that Ren becomes the "Mad King" of the Hermitcraft server.
Thine hubris shall be thee down fall.
You know... we have seen the Ren The Mad King before...
Outragius!
#renisthebadguythisseason
Boy, I sure wish the king would stop referring to his 'private area'...
"we're cutting on 'if' right?" 😅😅
ISKALL!!!!!!!!!!
I love this storyline so much, ren has always been the best storyteller!
Man I'm not even on hermitcraft and these emeralds make me wanna join a resistance
Maybe you should pass the responsibility of King onto someone else, like Bdubs.
down with the king!!!!!!
idea for responding to the Soup Group:  make maps of the various sides of TNT. then cover Impulse's base with item frames and the TNT maps.  His panic would be worth the effort.
The first 6 minutes were genuinely terrifying.
Claiming shops is oh so very generous and I can't believe that is not what caused him to start a revolution
Your the one who came up with the royal quest thing, so technically this is both your Grian's, and Grumbot Prime's fault. Grian came up with the Xisuma party thing in his content generator by Grumbot Prime, and you came up with the quest to where the royal Dunce cap for that person's next episode, so don't go blaming this on Bdubs.
To put it lightly? No. To put it heavily? I’ll give you a week   Royal Emeralds have none of the charm of derp coin.
So it begins
Grian would like to know your location
The corruption runs deep in this kingdom.... erh, I mean dictatorship!
Just want to give Ren some props on these story lines and production quality. Awesome stuff! Really loving it.
6:00 GIGA Logs exempt from taxation?... That doesn't seem fair..
Ren the first almost nine minutes of this episode were Glorious!! Well done my king well done
Lol... have you not seen/ heard of Footloose?  “Thou shall-est not-eth party!”  Loved the meeting with court. Great episode!
Ren deserves a ton of credit for willing to play the insufferable king character that he knows no one will like just for the great content and lols.
Deym now this is consistent chaos
Ohhhhhhhhhh the moment you took all those diamonds Ren, you ****** big time.
Anyone else thinks ren's statue now looks like a broken monkey toy with the symbols.
This literally cant end he's causing inflation in his own kingdom mistreating his people im not sure if its scripted but it's very entertaining
Ren, as a healthcare provider I feel compelled to say that if you do indeed have unwanted "guests" in your private area and snot on your "diamonds", may want to head to the hospital; we have pills for that.
"All shops are now subject to taxation without representation" Have you ever heard of The American Revolution, Ren? They kinda declared independence over that
I loved the combination of Doc and Ren last season. It saddens me to see them on opposite sides of the table. Yet sides must be taken!  Long live the Goat!
welp
"Someone" needs to give Ren one (1) bamboo per Xuma.... #blame_12_Xuma
#wthehermitrevolution
Please bring back the classic derp coins. Those would be so much better than the royal emeralds:) Or ar least make them shiny. I think that‘s the biggest issue for the other hermits:)
Removing diorite ?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣.. excuse me?? The royal architect was there men 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ren... you are just ASKING for a full revolt to be thrown against you with all these things that you are doing for the sake of a story (recall real life history when kings and queens would let their position go to their head.)
Is it just me or is Bdubs the greatest wingman?
"...when all the hermits live peaceful and shenanigan-free lives."  Bwahahahahahahaaaa
And people wonder why socialism doesn't work😂
Iskall!
Let's alienate the entire kingdom and make sure there is massive opposition to the crown
no one can ever pull this whole king act as well as ren. such an amazing story teller!
You can only trust mumbo because he has soooooooo many diamonds he doesn‘t need to steal from you.
Ah so you’re maybe going a “dragon’s curse” route with the diamonds like Thorin in The Hobbit? (Did I get the name right? Been awhile since I read it) I’m down to see how this story goes!!!
Brilliantly written! An entirely believable villain arc. I just hope your views and subs don't struggle from it unlike (evil)xisumas did last season.
We should send Robin Hood take the diamond back and burn your house down with lemons
Rendog if youre running out of diamonds just dedicate 2 days of your life mining them,i hate seeing royal diamonds lol/6minutes into the video you replacing their profits for royal emeralds hurt me bro i know its for a cost but emerald looks really ugly,pls retexture lol/Edit again the video is so epic because of the storytelling/Hermitcraft teaches Inflation now?
I love this whole storyline from all sides. It's so entertaining, while I'm also aware it's only entertaining because you know the flaws in all your logics. It's very fun to watch you all "yes and" each other to ridiculous points
Been waiting for this one for awhile, so much to seeeee
Oh this is so much fun. Can't wait for the things to follow
the glasses on bdubs looks like sexy librarian glasses
This how the monarchy falls... with pillaging
Ren you are such a theater kid, you are so dramatic and i love it <3 But you shoud know better not to give taxes to the hermits and make rules , you know they will find loopholes right? I love your videos , keep doing your thing :D
Well , Ren is turning into Henry the 8th
Is ren going mad? I think we are getting a repeat of third life.
I watched this episode, while also watching the Queen's funeral. And the soundtrack matched perfectly.
I already know what will happen. There will be a rebellion. Grian won’t start it himself, but some of the other people will. I bet this will be some kind of American Revolution play, so kids will learn it in a fun way. That’s so creative…
I know it is for a story line, but still it is not cool taking the other hermits diamonds from their own shops
"These diamond do you see them shine? so Beautiful so Divine"  Best quote
so excited to see this episode, for a whole week!
The kings court...of jesters 😂
Ren, gold is famous for NOT rusting, your crown’ll be fine
Royal Emeralds seem like the new Derp Coin , and I'm pretty sure that's why they are so bitterly received by the other hermits as soon as they see them.
Bdubz took 3 blocks from the chest but didn't return them.
I'm excited to see how these royal shenanigans escalate!
#YourMyKing
Ren really is speedrunning getting deposed.
Waiting for Ren to go full "Mother of Dragons" on the betrayers
Yep thats Dragons Sickness if I ever seen it.
Early :)
Now I understand grian forcing scar to stop him making a resistance in his last episode While yes g did by proxy cause all of the treason,ren’s reaction was definitely way too unrational
Instead of fake currency you should make a war with docm so you can rob him of diamonds and also tax people instead of just owning their stuff
Go to war with grumbot
Better watch out. Bite the hand that feeds you and you will suffer the consequences. Especially when it is a Rendog who has become King.
Ren is about to cause inflation in his own kingdom with these emeralds xD
Hii
Kill pearl
Early
THE REDEMPTION ARC!
Should intriduce netherite as a currency.
I'm sorry but the statue...omg the statue. the scrawny lankiness...the awkward position...the shoulder pads. I said that the statue would get a magenta glazed terracotta tutu......this is 10 times funnier. at least nobody's made a guillotine....yet.
Oh yeah, it's clearly going to be a Game of Thrones season all right. XD So we've got the Goat Empire coming along, the house of Soup Group, and the climb of the Entity/Singularity at play so far right?
❤️
The story continues
We are going from French Revolution  to American Revolution...he said Taxation without Representation...Ren run
Ren has gone mad with power 😂
This cannot end well, at least not without another HermitCraft war.
Wait ?? The plot twist?? He collected every diamond from the shop 🤣🤣🤣
ren stroking impulse's severed head like a villain strokes their cat is hilarious
Dude Ren is such a good actor/storyteller! Definitely makes me think I'm watching a dramatic movie that was professionally produced! Makes me glad that I started watching in season 8/last life :)
Not first
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
HoTGuY
Or maybe just that maybe just the greed went to his head I don't know
Ren, Sir Are you sure you weren't a theatre kid
None can be trusted. Better execute them just to be safe.
It’s kinda funny to see a king poor
Ren is going down
* Grian trying to resist resisting a resistance in the backround *
The best thing about the beginning at the party is the fact that joe was stuck underneath and no one knew 😂
Joe still at the vault that time 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ren just straight up would by in a beater place rn had he introduced taxes Edit: (land tax, income tax, and maybe sales tax) Edit2: well that is not at all what I've ment by income tax
A king who mistreats his own court is not a king long for this world
A see a storn brewing
Loving this story line
You can trust them... maybe... probably not...
Grian made Impulse do some stuff….
Im fast af boiii
e
oh yeah Ren diggity Dog, its King time!
Hallo!
Hi
First
Hiii
Ysy
