Watching on my iPad Air 4 rose gold. I love it! The Pro is overkill for me, didn’t need it for what I use my iPad for.
My iPad is coming in 16 days for my bday.
I like the sky blue iPad Air
This helped a lot I’m going with the air thanks
The pleasant ferryboat spectacularly clap because jail preauricularly trouble since a ablaze december. classy, null grenade
ipad air i just got 1 right now like ipromise \
Which is better for cod mobile? I literally just want the better performing one in gaming, specifically cod mobile. If I can go with the air and it be the same, that would be great.
I use the air with the magic keyboard and I think it works just as good as the Mac air
Will ProMotion Technology make a difference in Video editing as a creator?
Explain very well can you please make this kind of stuff also for Android users and other devices also
_J'ai finalement contourné mon compte verrouillé icloud grâce à l'aide de __#mckinnonhack1__ sur instagraⓂ️,, il est génial_
_J'ai finalement contourné mon compte verrouillé icloud grâce à l'aide de __#mckinnonhack1__ sur instagraⓂ️,, il est génial_
Fuckin buy and make a review
Wtf is this shit.. so I gotta pick either 120hz display or a better chip A14 bionic .. what a retarded move by Apple
Few days ago got the new Ipad air 2020 It is a very beutiful tablet One of the things that bother in me  Photo editing  scrolling  between apps and media makes me dizzy I realize because my sensitivity  typically done  on my Computer. I love the new Ipad but I decide to return in  exchange for the Ipad Pro 11" Actually I show the  difference from my Neighbor 12.9"  Ipad Pro  (little to late:) ) Also the New Pro11" comes w 128G + 6G memory + 120 hz Refresh rate, +better camera system (not that I will use for pro activities but its there) Im not the guy who chase the latest chips or buying the rumors  The A12Z it's pretty amazing multitasking for the work I do  . Any way the Price for Pro 2020 is $ 729  compare the $ 599 64G also the 4g Memory 60HZ refresh THAT   $ 130 more for me it's  worth!!
I like the iPad Air @ 256 :))
i go ipad air
I don't need ladar whatever but I just bigger one.
All thanks to cabletoolz for helping me unlock my iCloud successfully.  Dude is really good
can yall help me decide?  I am between the pro and air both with 256 GB, so storage is not the issue here, it's which one should I spend my money on, I want the iPad to simply take notes and study for school, maybe use it in the future for reading books or work-related. I have an ASUS laptop, so the iPad won't be a replacement for the laptop, although I am just going to use it for school or making small video clips (I never tried making videos on apple though, so its a new thing). What do yall recommend? Pro 11-inch or Air ?
I ordered a iPad Pro 11 inch and I am excited but I have to wait about a month
Me after ordering my ipad pro then watching this like : 👁👄👁
I have compared iPad air and iPad pro side by side, 120 Hz display and quad speaker setup has definitely an edge over iPad air. Pro's display is noticibly better and you get extra 64 GB as well. If you want best display and audio go for pro. Both the chips are adequately powerful for normal to high end usage.
Can someone explain why they have 4 speaker openings but only two speakers?
I really wanted to get the cool new colors for the iPad Air, but I guess it only has half the battery life, and the limited storage space sort of spooks me.
You were fantastic...Thank you so much for all the information. :) I will be purchasing the sky blue iPad Air!
What a gentle way to confuse customers 😓 thanks apple
IPad Air.  Thanks for the video.
I think I’m going to go for the iPad Air, and the iPad pencil to. My wife is a Sunday school teacher, and I think she’d find this an invaluable tool in her class!
Does the iPad Air have lidar scanner?
I want 120 gb, fingerprint sensor, 120 hz...im torn
Even if A12z have 2 more cores than A14 Bionic, wont A12z be discontinued first before A14?
Going to get pro today
Indeed a hard choice to make between iPad Air and iPad Pro 11 right now
I don’t need all those camera while i have my dslr, i will go with Air
Of course ipad pro is powerfull Numbers don't make difference , A14 is for iphones and iPads but A12Z is for ipads and macbooks. Notice the Z at the end? Ipad air- 4 core cpu and you Ipad pro - 8 core cpu and you Ipad pro is the best for surfing and heavy tasks like drawing, video editing, etc. Moreover if you use apple pencil frequently, you will need the 120hz display for less latency which is in the pro  version only.. If you ar a student, go for the pro Version because of the screen size and less latency. Overall I think ipad pro still beats ipad air 4, If you are willing to buy the iPad air, also take a look on samsung tab S7 tablets.. they are similar to ipad air. But ipad pro is still the legendary tablet till this second.. Peace out
I just bought the iPad Pro with student discount today because that’s the only iPad that comes in 12,9 inch so in my opinion it’s a lot nicer to take notes on for my study. Can’t wait for it to arrive 🤗
I’m getting the pro for gaming since it has good performance
I’m actually like idk because I like the iPad Air but I don’t want TOUCH ID AGAIN I want Face ID but I love the Colors I’m just idk I’m buying the iPad Pro 11 inch but I don’t know tbh I don’t like the Touch ID I already have a iPhone 7+ and I’m tired of Touch ID
which is better for procreate and making art and also doing a bit of gaming do you think? nice vid btw!
Ya but u don’t have 5g I been with apple since iPhone 4 and I still have it
If they'd release next year's Pro early that would be pretty nice 👌🏻
like it very much but my wallet is not so blabla
Can you use procreate on the air?
i was planning on buying the iPad air but since there weren't any stocks in the store I just bought the pro 11 2020
Thank you! This has been very helpful.
Damn bro! Watch the volume fool. I got kids sleepin🤨
air 👍🏾
Which ipad is more suitable for junior architects, pro or air?
Are you the type that’s really gonna use an iPad in public to take picture ? Lol . iPad Air is best option. I’m sure by now 99% of us have iPhone 11 Pro. No need for iPad Pro.
The 2022 ipad Pro will not have a screen, power supply or charging cable. This is to make the packaging smaller and more environmentally friendly. You will however be able to buy a screen, power supply and charge cable individually at great cost lol
It’s just the colours for me
Me: Im a man. Colours dont matter. Also me: I better go for the space grey. Its the most masculine.
Hi I’m 12 in middle school My school is forcing us to buy a new iPad can anyone  help me decide should I buy? (Note taking, essay writing and studying.)
Which one should i pick? The cellular version of them is almost similarly priced in my country. Im looking to use it for like 5 or 4 years.
iPad pro has an eight core processor and it is definitely much faster than iPad Air for graphic intensive work.
May I know the best iPad for teachers?
If I would use an ipad for photography .. which one will be the best?
IPad Pro
i’m watching this as if i had the money to buy one lol
I have iPad Air
How about the latency when using Apple pencil 2 on Air vs Pro. its 18ms vs 9m on AIR, but not sure how much difference it makes when using iPad for note taking, drawing
The iPad Air looks colorful but don’t mind about the Pro because the space grey looks better with personalized Redbubble stickers.
Will also the ipad air bend?
Thank you for this video! I've been contemplating which one to get but now this has given me a better overview. I'm getting the iPad Air just because my main use will be for the ProCreate app.
Thanks. 1 question. Are you late too get too the AirPort?  Youre talking too fast, man
So where can you buy the iPad Pro 2018?
How do you know how much storage you need if you store photos in iCloud? Thanks
Let’s hope new Air is better than last Air.
I bought the I pad air 2 when it first came out Best Buy ever, lasted years with no issues new colours new look faster better worth a buy.... just got to wait 😩🤗
Just placed an order for 256gb ipad pro. Can someone make me feel better about my purchase  🥺😭
which one should I buy for college?
iPad Air
in my opinion ,i feel like the iPad air is unnecessary, because it's basically just like the pad pro in 2018 just with touch id. So i right now have the iPad pro 2020, it very thin but its very fast with face id, and what i love about it is that the 12.9 is the perfect size especially when taking notes in online class.
When’s a new pro due out?
They need to put 512G to the air and I’ll get it in green vs pro... they suck.
I’m happy I got the pro and not the air
I literally ordered an iPad Air gen 3 2 weeks before these were announced 😢
😭i just drop my I pad pro from table 🤐😑😭
I’m still on iPad mini 1, anything would be an upgrade except the budget iPad that one is trash ☺️
I'm not sure why there is such a jump in storage with the iPad air
they need to come out with a product red ipad pro!
I bought my own apple iPad from *aapledwag on instagram* he's the best
I also got my ipad from *appledwag on instagram* he's the best
I Actually Knew This Was Coming At Since June This Year So Instead Of Getting iPad Pro I Was Waiting For Ipad Air And It Is In My Opinion Better Than The iPad Pro Because Of The Price And Compatibility With Apple Pencil And It Has Touch ID Which Helps With COVID-19 And Having To Unlock Your Device Not Only That But Those Colors I’m Excited
Who is thinking that if we were having I pad pro     Dont lie😅
I think I’m going to get the iPad Air because I need a new one for college
You forgot to mention 8 core vs 6 core. Pro 4 performance cores man..
1:02 I thought that there was no Face ID and instead there was fingerprint ID on the off button?
What would you suggest for a real estate agent? Price doesn’t make a difference.
I was looking at the iPad Pro for graphic design. My current normal 2019 iPad does not make the cut. Now I’m wondering if an air is better for the processor. Anyone know what iPad is best for graphic design on procreate?
I also got my ipad from *appledwag on instagram* he's the best
Bought already Pro🥴12.9
I'm all over the Sky Blue iPad Air 4!
Me: Which one iPad Pro or iPad Air My Wallet: None of them.
The A14 is just higher in the single core test. The multi core score on the pro is much higher because the A14 is a chip build for the iPhone and the A12Z is a version of the chip build specially for the iPad. So sorry but you are telling just half of the truth when you say the A14 is more powerful because that is not the case!
iPad Pro
Just gonna wait till they release the a new ipad pro ;(
So the same thing except little bit picky things.  Is graphics cards not a thing anymore?
I just upgraded to the iPad Pro the 2020 version
I love the green
I’m so maaadddd I just bought the 11 pro online and it only now came AND IM. OW SEEING THE NEW AIR and ugh I should have waited
In the UK, the current ipad pro 11 128 is cheaper than the new ipad air 256! 128GB is the sweet spot for me, such a shame the new air doesn't have that option. I have a choice between a new ipad air slightly lower spec, or a 2 year old ipad pro that is going to be replaced next year. Will probably opt for the ipad air as I can't stand the thought of shelling out £700+ for an ipad that is about to be replaced.
Hey! What ipad i need to buy? I really want a ipad so i can draw on it, and what’s some youtube. I really think that the ipad pro is a little pricey sooo which one should i buy?
Touch ID copied poco? Or was it from vivo?
I still don’t understand why the cameras on iPads are so important. I’d rather them put more tech into literally anything else, I don’t want to pay for extra camera quality and features when I’m literally NEVER going to use the camera on a damn iPAD!! That’s what our phones are for lol.
I love the green iPad air too much,especially in combination with the green iPhone 12...but the pro has those key flagship features (apart from the cpu that is better on the air)... Hard decision.  Ram is better on the pro (6 for the pro vs 4 for the air)but the a14(let's remember that a 14 is the same soc that we are going to find on the iPhone 12 with 4 gb ram)could have better ram ramagement even if it has less cores because of its new generation so that is to be tested of course.
i would preffer the ipad air 4th gen as a student
the ipad air is the best cause if you have the apple pencil with it you dont need  the keyboard you can just write anywhere insted of typing and it will turn in to text
Can someone help me plz🥺😔  I’m having a hard time choosing. I plan on getting an iPad but only for note-taking. I will have things like Netflix and YouTube, but it’s mostly for notetaking since I’m in college. I want the IPad Air in 256gb, but I hear good things about both the Pro and Air, but it’s not making my decision easy😔.
Who else struggling what to buy?
Can we use morpholio trace... In ipad air?
Then for my bday this Yr I'm getting ipad air
Pro 11 is only $100 more for 256 gb and I didn’t have to wait.
I am watching on the normal pad air
What about the RAM ? I hope that the new ipad air will come at least with 6 gb of RAM like the ipad pro.. otherwise i’m going with the apple air 2019
More like "Updated IPAD PRO 11 1st gen :Dˇ´
Help!!! I wanted to start a new business heavily based on the use of procreate - what is best for me do you guys think? The pro or new ipad air?!
I cant even buy apple pencil bc multiple the purchase with 7.5 is my country’s money worth so an ipad air is like 600*7.5 =4500 for my money whaaaattt :,( :,(
was about to cop a pro today, but I absolutely HATE face id, and seeing the iPad Air 4 has touch id, I'll be holding off
For me the Pro is better choice... Because the iPad Pro is a real PRO and the air is just like the 2018 ipad pro. So.. Ipad pro is better than air. Know that they have the same fuctions but the Worthy the Better.
Girls: I got the new iPad let’s draw hearts and shapes.  Boys: Heartbeat Sensor
most definitely want the air
Which is best for taking notes while you’re in school... basically which iPad is best for school
I can get either of them for the same price. I'm buying one for watching films and YouTube, playing basic games and school work. Not sure which one to get.  I do prefer touch Id. I'm torn
Dude, I can bet $1000 that you smoke a lot of weed. Lol
i have the ipad pro and wanted another ipad for work. was just going to get a used one on ebay. but this ipad air is just screaming to me to buy it. but is it worth it to pay £600
Dude calm down jesus christ did you do like 5 lines of coke before this or what? Take a breather when you speak
Just remember that lightning is USB 2.0 capable of .5 Gbps and this version of USB-C is probably 3.2 gen 1 basically being old 5Gbps USB 3.0. That's actually slow for 2020 when you try to compare it to 40Gbps Thunderbolt or 10 Gbps networking.
Thanks. Now I would guess i would take the Air and accessories
Best thing about iPad Pro, pro-motion. 120 Hz is life
The only reason I would really even consider the air is because of the colors , why can they be in the pro models 😭
iPad pro is the best
Doesnt really matter if Ipad pro or air Getting any would make me happy
do you think the ipad air will be out while there is still a student discount
After reading everything I could about both, I bought a 256 gb 11" pro today.  Not sure why people are sad, the 120 hz display is pretty important to me.
So, again, Apple is holding back technology to get people to buy the iPad Air. There's no reason why Apple couldn't put the A14 chip in the pro.
Pro motion for me
I'm currently watching this while using my iPad mini 1st gen (2014/15)
touch id > face id. you will never change my mind
I just bought the iPad Pro 12.9 and this thing comes out ughhhhhhhhhhhhh
I would definitely get the iPad air bc I really don’t need all the cameras, I already have my iPhone 11 pro 🤩
Me:watching all this from my iPad 3 My iPad 3:still alive and buldging 🙈
leaning towards the iPad Air 4.. let's see..
The iPad Pro has 60 hrz iPad Air has a 120hz screen iPad Pro has 120fps iPad Air has 60 FPS
I've been eyeing iPad Pro, wanting to upgrade from my dying iPad 2 (as in OLD!)  But decided to wait, and glad I did! I am getting a Sky Blue Air! I wanted pro for the Pen and being strong enough for digital painting. this Air is strong enough for my use, so don't need pro prices then. Don't mind the camera, photographing with a huge tablet is cluncky! I am getting iPhone 12, for a better camera (currently have X, and it is buggy and crashing on me)
I'm a designer and I wonder if the ipad air is alright for me in the 64gb version for sketching, illustrating with procreate and editing pictures in Lightroom. I will not save images on the ipad only when I'm working on stuff. Greets from germany
Im thinking about getting one of these for drawing, which do i get?
I have the original iPad Air (the first gen). I definitely need an upgrade, it’s so slow and buggy 🙄
Skip anything apple, it all sucks! LOL
iPad ? ... more like iCan’t
Omg I can’t wait for the iPad Air !! I love the sky blue xx
I live in india...... The ipad are too expensive here...... I am planning to travel London and I will buy it from there on less expense 😼
Pro is going to be faster and better hence being the pro, even tho its A14 the next pro will have the A14X or Z  But the iPad Air comes in blue an thats going to be a big deal for a lot of people, why they made it sky blue an not the same colour as the Apple Watch is beyond me..... Also if there is a blue iPhone I hope it matches the watch :)
I am watching this after buying ipad pro and rooting for it :|
watching this fully knowing I need neither of these products 😅
Cant wait to buy the new ipad air
The ipad pro is the airs little brother who had his growth spurt earlier
Don’t get the iPad Air with 64 G ....
I got the iPad Pro the 12 inch one and with the new Apple Pencil with the magic keyboard and I will never regret it I love it. The iPad Air is for people that like colors or don't like to take pictures in my opinion. Like if you agree
I got the iPad Pro for the screen size, and to flex...
I think I will buy iPad Pro 11 inch base model
I so confused ... I have iPad Air 3 want to upgrade ... should I buy iPad Pro 11 inch or iPad Air 4 ...confused ....has the latest bionic chip ....hmmmmm really confused ...!!!help
Just talked with an Apple representative through chat—- A14 is more “powerful”than A12 Z iPad Air 4 is not included in the free AirPods educational store promotion   Take these facts as you will, just chatted with em.
Which do you guys recommend for drawing?
Would love a rose gold iPad air x I need a new laptop but I’m also looking at getting an iPad.
No, when taking all into account, the pro is the clear winner, without any doubt, i it’s even obvious. 50 dollars more for pro if willing to sacrifice 128 gig memory while keeping 128. Pro motion, Lidar and super wide lens, face id outweigh other considerations
CaaaaaLado!
Really wish I could afford the ipad pro 😭
Who else Is watching this on an IPad Pro.   Edit: I commented This as a positive message for me because I love the 12.9 inch screen and I also do video editing on it and I love the iPad Pro. If u want to play games why on iPad go buy a ps5.
I'm still rocking an ipad4. That's what I'm watching this on right now🤣 If you want a computer, get a computer.
This is a good comparator video, I just think RAM deserves a mention maybe?  According to the usual sources eg MacRumors or whatever, ANY of the Pro range will have 6Gb RAM, whereas older Pro and this Air will only have 4Gb RAM I believe.  This is a fundamental need for multi-tasking which iPad OS 13/14 is meant to be heading for.  Key in other words, and then there’s music making and so on.
The 4 speakers matter A LOT to me
I got my new iPad Pro 2 days ago and I love it! The Pro Motion display is a game changer for me and I couldn’t go back, you notice the difference straight away...now waiting for my new Magic Keyboard to arrive
Me: looking at which one to buy knowing I already have the iPad Pro 2020
I wish the iPad Air comes in a 12.9 size.
if i had the money for the ipad pro id get it
RAM....RAAAMMMMM.....RAAAAAAAAMMMM. Apple hasn't said how much RAM is in the air. 3gb ain't gonna cut it.
I'm an android user for phones cause I can't stand iPhone but I like ipads and macs. Apple shouldve done the lock button finger print a while ago and I wouldnt have switched phones.
i feel something is strange when i watch the introduction video for ipad air. it looks like... a screensaver on windows ME
Dose he have like room tour, really wanna know where to get that desk
It seems that A12Z/X in iPad Pro is more powerful than A14 in iPad Air
I’m going for the iPad Air sky blue😍🥶
Im simping for the green color.
On the iPhone 12 they should have the Touch ID button on the power button and Face ID so you’ll have options
I’m too b r o k e for either
Hoping this iPad doesn’t have the same problem the iPad Air 3 had with the screen being unresponsive from time to time.
should i get the ipad pro 11 inch or the ipad air 4?  i want to use for school and drawing.
Leaning towards the IPad Pro...
For the price of the iPad Air 256GB I can get a 256GB Refurbished iPad Pro 12.9in from 2018.
Is the new keyboard compatible with iPad Pro 3rd generation?
5:38 This is completely wrong. The A12Z has about twice as many cores as the A14. Extrapolated benchmark numbers show that even the 2017 iPad Pro has and edge in the new Air as far as GPU is concerned. AX (/Z) Series silicon has quite significantly more power than the base A Series.
It’s air for me the next time , I’m on old pro now
The next iPad pro will be far beyond iPad air Just be sure about that
Can I use Any type of keyboard Bluetooth with This new iPad air?
That's a $200 difference I can not afford. And o already have a laptop
As a concept artist I’m fully behind the pro
I'll take a sky blue ipad air please 😭  I'm trying to transition into a paperless student and I'm looking for something I can also carry around on a daily basis. Like to work for instance so I can study during breaks. This will be my first iPad but I have a 2015 13in Macbook Pro and a iPhone 11 Pro Max.
The sky blue and Apple Watch blue are different
Pink or green!!
I pad air
Here I am watching this on my ipad 7th gen. I’m very happy with this though 😅
I am so excited in 2 weeks its my bday and paren5s are buying me this Ipad😍❤️❤️🤗😘😀😃
Oh I’m poor :(
I went with the Pro
talk too much !!!  Reduce to 5 mins please.   People not tech stupid who watch this!   Don’t kill people’s time please!
This new iPad Air is what I was hoping the iPad Mini would be last year. Alas, Apple. Just let it die. I'm not replacing my original Mini 1 with 2 or 3 year old tech. I will consider the Air next year maybe. The iPad is not enough of a tool for me to care that much about. In spite of all of the hype. It still falls on the toy side of things for me.
I just want it for my medical studies..... Which one would be better?
Keychron K2 keyboard spotted?!
For what I want to use an iPad, screen size matters. I'm conducting my lectures online where I'm splitting the screen into two instances of Notability, one to use to write (and share screen to Google Meet), and the other one where I have a repository of diagrams, pictures, and complicated sketches that I simply copy and paste and save tons of time while teaching. So, I think the 12.9" of the iPad Pro would be the way to go for me in 2020
Nice one man, thanks for the talk through. I'm looking for the thing to use to make videos. I'm a grounded touring artist who has taken the party to YouTube. What do you think is the best machine for this.
Okay guys i dont know english that much can you tell me shortly why i should buy pro 2020 or air 2020?
So what would be better to buy? iPad Pro 2018 or iPad Air 2020
I’m really sad because they didn’t  have a purple on to match with my iPhone 11 in purple 😭
I like the iPad pro only cause you can get more gb
How many ram in the new ipad air 4 ? 4go or 6go?
I ordered my iPad Pro before the iPad Air 4 came out but I’m still waiting for it to come :(
The A14 chip has a hexa-core CPU, while the A12z has an octa-core CPU. So, the iPad pros will have better multicore performance.  Also, the regular Apple chip is more CPU powered. The special chip, like A12x or A12z, has more GPU power. So, the iPad pros will be better in graphics intensive tasks as well.  Also, the new iPad air is 40% faster than the old iPad air. And I remember from last year's reviews that the iPad pro was twice as fast as the iPad air. That means, the iPad pros are still 60% faster than the new iPad air.  So, and I hope you don't take this badly, but your statement that "the iPad air is faster than the iPad pro" is plain wrong. Just think about it, why would a non-pro model be faster than a pro model? ;-)
64gb? Apple....... My apps alone are 40 right now
You lost me when you said that a14 would be better than a12z. Just because 14 is a bigger number than 12, doesn't mean that it's better. Do some research before saying this kind of things. Anyway, the casual consumer won't notice a difference.
I choose the ProMotion display any day.. so iPad Pro for me. Can’t go back, as all other tablet displays seem laggy afterwards.
still ipad pro just cause of the design :p im in college and my purpose for it is just for note taking anyway
The iPad air is just the iPad pro but has touch id
I’m on an iPad Air 1! It’s not new, rlly old! Still works amazingly! Would totally recommend! <33
~Looking for some guidance~ My main selling point for the pro (according to my coworker) is that it can be connected to your computer and used as a tablet on your adobe programs. Is the same thing true for the air? Any tips would be greatly appreciated :)
this is exactly what ive been waiting for, thankyou for this!
You: "Which ipad shoud I buy in 2020?" Me: "Can I afford it in 2020? "
I want the iPad pro but with that beautiful sky blue color!
Comes with the new anti-covid touch screen. 🤧
Wow $750 for the 256gb version. Every time I try to buy an iPad, I just think of a windows pc I could get for the same price that would do x1000 more and be on another planet of performance. Is anyone able to convince me otherwise?
Stop yelling
Why do stupid people make videos , a14 more powerful than a12Z ??? Like seriously.
Touch ID is so so much more preferable to Face ID. God, I dislike Face ID. I don’t think Face ID is bad, just me personally, I find it so inconvenient, even before COVID.
How about considering ipad pro 2018 😕 it’s identical look as ipad air , more powerful, 120hz , better sound quality and it should be same price
U sold my ipad pro. What should i get next. Was thinking of getting the 4th gen ipad pro, now think i should wait for ioad air
I think id still go for the iPad Pro since I want it mainly for animation and illustration...
Do people really take photos using a whole ipad?
False on the Air being more powerful. Even the 2018 iPad Pro has a more powerful processor. It has to do with cores.
Help! Pro or Air?  Touch id has been giving me problems with ipad pro 2015 and with the iPhone 8 plus; i often get sweaty hands, and find it really hard to unlock the device at times. Is the iPad air’s touch id the same thing? Or is it more efficient with sweat? This is gonna be a deal breaker if the touch id is the same as always.
give me just 120hz and A9 in the price of ipad air
The sky blue, green and rose gold is a breath of fresh ... AIR !!! That 3 is a head turner !!!
Should I get the blue or green
I think Ipad air is better😊
Now I want one...
For me when I update my iPad Pro 2nd Gen, which won't happen for a while since it's a great device, I'd choose the Air because it's better for a casual user like me who appreciates the aesthetic of the flat edges and smaller bezels, but doesn't need the faster chip or Face ID, I love Touch ID anyhow. I also love the color options on the Air, I'd get the green one personally!
helo , for how long do you think the updates for iPad pro 2018 will be continue ? thanks 💕
I am really not so sure if I need an iPad at all. It would be nice to digitalize all my notes, sketches and possibly do some of my work in Photoshop on it but I don't know if it is necessary to spend over 600€ when I already have a very good PC and regular paper at hand... what do you guys in the comments think? is it worth it?
Everyone be wanting the green but the sky blue is just awesome
I honestly thought that I was dumb for getting the 11” iPad Pro recently when I saw that they announced the updated air, but after seeing that my iPad has a higher refresh rate,  4 speaker audio, Face ID,  brighter screen, quad led flash, and more over the new air, its nbd. Pro is still the superior device, but I’m glad more people can experience the full screen iPad with the new air.
Dude your title misleading..repeating the spec sheet 10 min doesnt imply as if you discovered something contrary to others that you'll ve revealing ..but no hallow 10 min blah blah spec sheet video that  a 12 yrs old can figure it already..
cries in buying ipad air 3 last june
Sky Blue iPad Air for sure because I don't care so much about the camera or LiDAR sensor they're just gimmicks unless you really require it and 120Hz is overrated I mean sure it makes a difference but its not gonna affect much except for heavy games and Air has the better processor. Therefore iPad Air is the way to go. At least that's my take on it.
The only reason I would want the iPad Air over the Pro is because it comes in my favorite color (blue) and it’s cheaper. It’s not as powerful as the Pro, I don’t like that it has touchID and not faceID, and if you want a decent amount of storage (64GB is tiny) you have to pay almost as much as for the iPad Pro. My biggest thing is touchID. touchID is not bad but it’s old technology that they’re done with and faceID works WAY better. I get that with COVID and everything you can’t use faceID because of the stupid masks and that’s annoying but it’s still better than touchID and you probably won’t carry around your 11” iPad with you when you’re in public, you’ll probably have your phone so the mask thing is really only a problem for the phones. It would be ok if they had faceID and touchID and they let you choose which one to use but to get rid of faceID completely is just dumb.
iPad Air
Now if I want to buy which one you see better is it iPad Pro 2020 or iPad AIR reply me please anyone ?
3:10 the diff hz
Wow! A lot of people salty on the new colours? Get out of here, ladies n mostly, gentlemen. If you don’t like it, don’t get them! There’s other classic colours too? It’s just a nice touch. You like the pro more? Get it then. Damn. If you had the pro already, it’s far better. Or you can sell it. There’s so many ways! Instead of complaining, you now have moooore choices! I’m not saying Apple makes good choices for the consumers. But everyone knows that, no? Don’t @ me w benchmark as I don’t need them. Even if I am aware of them. New colours aren’t new anymore?! iPhone 11? 5c? XR? Yes, I’m talking mainly about shades bc I saw a bald guy going around the comment sections spreading his own preferences to others! Your world is dim. Not everyone’s.
Thank you for helping me decide. I'm getting the green iPad Air. I think I don't need the extra features of the Pro.
Great video! I have a small suggestion! Those Ipads look quite similar and I had trouble telling which one was showing in the short videos.. Maybe you could write small in some corner which model is being shown at that moment :)
“Latest and greatest” counter: 69
Pro all the way. I love my iPad Pro :)
12,9’’ FTW! Cause I love drawing on the iPad Pro.
tbh the pro is best for me
Idk why but seeing the pro camera is more normal now.
iPad Air is a way better option for the average consumer
Sooo, buy a Pro
Buy the pro one
I have an iPad Pro 2018 that looks like the new iPad Air, and in the future when working in public, I know that some kid is going to come up to me and say, “ohhh look at the iPad Air!” And I am just going to say, no 2018 iPad Pro.
Or just get the 2018 iPad Pro... 🙄
im going for the ipad air. bc im too poor for the pro
A12Z. A14. bigger numbers biggeer performance
As a graphic designer running photoshop and procreate would y’all recommend the Pro vs the air?
I am just going for ipad air 4 blue as I love it
yall sleeping on the 120hz screen thp
But the numbers of the a14‘s are taken of the air 3 so it’s not as fast as the 12z😂
I really love this guy cause he is just being honest and there are some other reviewers who just likes Pro versions and speaking shit about Air versions..this is annoying. Liked your video 👍
Terrible memory 64gb- big fail
the ProMotion screen just makes a difference for the pro line!!  It feels so much faster
I am considering getting an iPad, but I've been using a 120hz screen on my phone and computer so I can't really drop down to 60 for a new device so the pro might be the only option for me if I don't go for the s7+
Hmmm well i want a new iPad for college and movies and games and also sketches so i guess i’ll save money for the new iPad air wish me luck ✌︎('ω'✌︎ )
Definitely gonna ask for the iPad Air!
No your wrong because the iPad Pro with the a12z has an 8 core gpu where as the air with the a14 has a 6 core gpu
Nice video, it’s very informative !😁 I also made an iPad air 4 video.  Check it out if you want hehe
I’m liking that iPad Air in sky blue 🙌🏼🙌🏼
“We’ve never seen Touch ID on the power button in an Apple device before”  SCREAMS IN MACBOOK PRO
If there was a 1TB version my life would be made
12z has more cores and is faster than A14
Who likes the. Travis here it is (No vegan teacher)ok here 🥓🥓🥓🥩🥩🥩🍔🍔🥓🥓.     🍟.       🥤
I like your hair👍🏻😀😃😄😁😆🙃
It’s so funny that apple make the stupid decision or confusing for releasing new ipad air with controversy A14 cpu while samsung for the first time making the most powerful android tablet in the world s7 plus (sd865 andreno640 etc) i am considering the alternative samsung android tablet s8 plus next year because i already bought ipad pro 2020 at this early year
Honestly I dont think most people will care for a good camera on an iPad. Also rarely do you see people actually go for the 512Gb or 1Tb versions of the iPad Pro. So honestly I think the iPad Air right now would be a better buy. Specially if you go for the 256Gb version because that one goes for 749 (while the iPad Pro 11 starts with 128Gb at 799)
Will go for iPad Air blue
What abut headphone jack
I won’t make a mistake. I can’t afford the pro, so I have only one option, therefor I can’t make a mistake.
I went for the iPad Pro 12.9 for all the features you mention plus the bigger screen.
I’ve had both the Air and Pro. I just do basic usage. I  had the Pro and bought the Air last year, because the same type of reviews recommended the Air. The screen colors, the speakers, and the speed of the Pro is what I miss. I think that if you never had the Pro, the Air is okay, but not for me seeing the difference. I think I will go back to the Pro, regardless of the added cost. I’ve not been happy with the Air at all.
im getting the blue...
I love the look of a single large Camera 📸 lens! It just looks clean 🧼 and simple. it looks like an APPLE product with the single lens shooter!
I have the 2016 first gen IPad Pro 9.7, and the 2015 IPad Pro 12.9.  Heavy usage on both.  Slowdown?  Not that I notice, since I don’t have later models.
Say the IPad Pro 11 drops $ 100 in price when the new Ones come out. $ 699 for the 2020 Pro vs $ 599 for the Air, 2020 Pro has double the storage, and double the speakers.  I listen to books on Audible, and I really like the 4 speakers.  I will go for the 2020 Pro.
A14 is not faster than iPad Pro processor. It's faster than previous gen iPad Air. In tests it looks like 2017-18 Pro models
recently got the 12.9" ipad pro, for doing graphic design I find the 11" to be too small, that and at a certain point it's just like how powerful do you need it to be.
ipad pro
In Turkey, Apple sells ipad air 64gb from 5300 unit also ipad pro 128gb+airpods from 7200 unit(both with education discount). What should ı do, in our economic situation 1900 unit is important?
Hmm, £750 for the 256GB air or £800 for the 128GB pro? Definately the pro. Brighter screen, 120hz refresh rate, liDar and face ID and a more powerful processor. Its no contest
I honestly thought the channel's name was The Apple Cider. Lol
Or another thing to mention if you want the latest go for the latest. But me, I’m sticking with the 12.9 inch screen. Thanks lol.
Face ID would be better on the 2020 iPad Air.
I use the Face ID all the time  on the pro when accessing password protected sites etc.  Having to use the power button to unlock sites etc is not as convenient,  but you would get used to it.. plus Face ID doesn’t work when we are masked ! Be nice to have both on future models.
I really hope they add Touch ID power button to new iPhone
if you are all in for color ... dont buy a tablet ...
First have to get a wallet
I’ll stick with my new 1TB iPad Pro.....
Will there be nee pro and mini coming out?
maybe the new iPad air should be compared to the iPad pro 2018...
I get the feeling there will be a new Pro in the next release with Pro features and the A14 chip coming in silver and space grey and a premium price. Personally, I’d love to get a new iPad mini with straight sides. I still have the iPad Mini 2 bought in 2014.
iPad 8th generation will have been an ideal if they perhaps 🤔 would have added usb C...I will wait for the 9th generation iPad where they may switch to usb c...regards...
A12Z is more powerful than the A14. 8 cores on the 12Z vs 4 or 6 on the A14
Gotta go with the 12.9” iPad Pro because it’s a 12.9” iPad Pro.
Touch ID in the power button is the most stupid thing I’ve heard.  Any case that actually protects your iPad to an acceptable level is going to render it useless straight away.
I will still buy the pro than air
How much hz has the new iPad Air?  And do u feel a difference when using the pen for taking notes compared to the pro?
I am waiting for next iPad Pro with 5G.
I stopped the video when he said A14 >  A12z. A 2018 iPad Pro is much better than the iPad Air 2020.
They need to stop Making the Non “Pro” ipad Faster than Iphones and the ipad Pros.. because its soo annoying!
The apple is making a confusing situation for there consumers to make a decision between there's 2 products so that customer would not get a chnace compare to another tablet😂 available in market in these days(tablet like Samsung's or Google's)  In my POI 😁
I just cant belive Ipad air 4 is stronger than Ipad pro 2020... this is a joke right? Its called the “pro”   I just bought and theres already a new one.. it make me mad..
Love the colours yet still very satisfied with my gen 2 12.9
I think ipad pro will be faster than ipad air
I dont know if i should by the ipad pro 12.9 now or wait in case they release a new pro next year with the new A14
iPad Air: No 120hz display and a EXTREMELY dated 7mp/720p front camera.  Not worth a damn penny.
Is it mini lcd?
Not have much money to buy ipad air or ipad pro. Waiting for ipad mini 6 🥰
pls recommend me should I buy ipad air 3 or  ipad air 4 😭😭 I have thought about ipad 7th gen but I don't want it since there is ipad 8th gen realeased but still 😭😭
Who is watching this from 2020 iPad Pro
my iPad Air 3 came in from delivery recently, then a week later they announce  the new iPad Air 4 ;-;
ipad pro just cuz 120hz. period
Me: Are people really thinking of buying new ipads during this pandemic and financial recession???  Also me: Take my money.
Any broke lads here going just for the 8th gen iPad lol 😂😂😂
Ipad pro cpu is faster than ipad air! You simply getting 8 core cpu including a gpu core for better graphics rendering demanding app! And with you get only 6core cpu! Do the math. As well if you have ipad pro (120hz) display you feel fucking different when you do the note taking or digital art ! There is remarkable difference. Plus ultra wide let's you take better classroom photos or conference room pictures* For other else go cheap go with that ipad air.
I dont even have the budget for the normal iPad
I feel like I've seen this guy somewhere else, and this is the first time I check out this channel
The only reason i would even consider buying the air is because of the touch ID
Everyone talking about the colors. Just use Dbrand on the pro.
I had my sights set to switch from my 2018 I pad pro to the new I pad air. But 600 for only 64gb?! If I already have to spend that type of money I’ll get the pro instead
For $200 extra, with an A14x processor the iPad Pro is a much better deal. *;-)* So much extra content.
Air 4 wins.
A12z is faster
I’m leaning on the iPad Air
Would I regret 64 Gig as not enough memory? The upgrade to 256 narrows the price difference significantly.
Stupid review
The A14 is way weaker than the 12Z in terms of raw power because A14 is a processor for a phone, the 12Z for a Tablet. But A14X will destroy both easily
128 is fine
That Green IpadAir... sold me...10.9 is fine
apple be dropping the ball no Face ID on the iPad Air smh
I do wonder about the latency and RAM of the iPad Air.
I stopped watching once I realized you don't have either device to put them side by side in a comparison.
The Moment I saw the video of the iPad Launching, I decided to buy it. Selling my Phone Just to buy iPad Air❤️
What a great summarization, ipad pro still has better option all around but ipad air take the crown for the value 👌👌
I personally like The Air4....
Yes, the A14 in the iPad Air has Better Single-Core Performance, but the A12z in the iPad Pro has Better Multi-Core Performance as well as better Graphics. So, the Pro still has the better Processor.
I very much doubt the air will be more powerful than the pro, might be better in a few areas (eg efficiency), but i doubt they'll undercut themselves like that.
Well, now i'm more curious about the Macbook pro silicone:3
I'm conflicted. I need an Ipad to replace my 1st gen Air and 2013 Macbook Pro. I would primarily use it for streaming, web browsing, and social media. But I also do some photo and video editing for work as well as design and illustration. Nothing too crazy just yet, but I am an artist who's just now moving into digital. Is it worth it to get the current pro? Or save the money and go for an Air? Or should I wait for the next gen of Pros to come out?
I just want a product red iPad
I just love green color😍
Touch ID is more important in iPhone than iPad. Not many people wear a mask when they are using iPad, mostly at home in their comfort zone. iPhone is outside where they need the Touch ID more than Face ID. If no 120 Hz, Touch ID is necessary to attract buyers otherwise just a new design is not enough to justify buying a new phone.
Wrong the a12z will still kick the a14s arse
You’re probably like me. In love with the new colours. Thinking, “should I buy the new Air? Omg yes it’s gorgeous!” But remember, the Pro refresh has not been released. If you’re amazed by the new processor, think about what the Pro will be like! Don’t end up buying the Air then wanting the Pro as soon as you see it. Just be patient. Don’t make the mistake of buying the Air only to be left longing for the Pro once it’s released. I have a 2017 Pro and it’s starting to bugger down. It’s slow at times and the audio/screen begins to freeze. Still, what’s another few months for the Pro? I’m sure it’ll be worth it.
What I love from my old iPad Air is that I can fix the screen really cheap only changing the touch glass
All I need in an iPad is the drawing part and taking zoom classes maybe taking photos
Point of correction the A12z is powerful than the A14. 👍
I want the sky blue one
I’m watching this on the iPad Air first gen. I thought this was the old iPad Air. I still prefer the old one instead of the new one
The iPad air in green will make me the green ranger
Rumor is, there is an iPad Pro coming out in Oct 2020. I may wait for it. If it isn't released this year then I may go for iPad Air with iCloud Storage option may I need more storage.
New air is awesome I want it so badly
It was never too much to disect, apple always apple, you can never buy too much from apple, most people just fooking iphone, applewatch, ipad. The rest of the thing most people dont understand anyway
I would buy it, if it had min 500gb capacity options and faceID, not that i don’t like touch id but yeah i prefer face id
“the very most” 🧐 🤔
Instead of important features (battery life, CPU speed, ...) people focus on minor things like available colors...
Will I be able to use magic keyboard or ipad 11” case on iPad Air if it’s 10.9”?
iPad Air has many colors and looks really nice, but as far as I can see pro is still the best option
I own a 2020 11inch pro 256 I love it.⚡️
Unless u give sufficient tech. details about both a12x/z vs a14 ur review isn’t good enought or worse misleading for those who might think hight cpu numbers is faster or better. 40% faster than which cpu, get it confirmed , i don’t think it is vs A12x/z       African maasai
I love my IPad........ PRO but the IPad Air might be better
Why is everyone so mad about having bought the iPad Pro recently and not the air that just came out? Dude the iPad Pro is AMAZING!! And it has EVERYTHING you need! I remember when it first came out, everyone was soo fascinated by it and it seemed as if there wouldn't be any better one coming... >This is literally just marketing lol. iPad Air is better than the OLD iPad Air,  the iPad PRO is still better!
I expect a more powerful iPad pro next with both face id and touch id integrated in the power button.
Thank you for this review.  Looking to get a new laptop in 2021, don't want to spend the money on a Macbook Pro. I have been looking at the possibility of getting an iPad Pro instead. I am definitely considering the new iPad Air instead of the Pro. Don't care about the other high end specs of the Pro, the only concern that I do have is the limited storage on the iPad Air. Other than that, it's a no brainer.
IPad air screen refresh rate ❓❓❓❓❓❓❓
Me: omg i want to buy them 😆  My money: no. Never
i was about to purchase the 2019 ipad air but im glad i didn’t im gonna wait for the 2020 one 🙏
I pad pro 11 inch
5:58 It's either super bright in that room or that lady smoked a fat one 😂
Thnx boss .. what a useful review
New Subscriber❤️
Me watching  things that i will never get🤣😭😓
This new Air is a money-grab. Thicker bezels, weaker processor (even weaker than A12X), slower refresh rate, 2 speakers, less RAM (I'm pretty sure it's only 4GB), no flash, lower brightness AND only 64GB in the base configuration. For anyone with a bit of common sense it's obvious that buying an iPad Pro (even 2018 one) is a better decision.   Stop disinforming people about A14. Check your info before telling that to your audience.
I bough the 2019 iPad Air 3 , 3 months back ....: aaaand I kinda regret it :(
Great content cant wait for more!!!
I just bought the iPad Pro 11" 128 GB earlier this month with the student discount and it's coming in October... Gotta say it's kindaaa annoying because if I knew that the iPad Air was going to be so similar, I probably would've chosen to wait, but I'm still really excited for mine :) (plus free airpods)
I, too, think that Touch ID is cool in general...but the justification for why it’s better than Face ID right now (since we’re all wearing face masks) is kinda weak. I’m usually not in a place where masks are required if I’m using my iPad. Touch ID would be very handy on an iPhone, tho.
If you’re a student or just want a new ipad go with the ipad air, but if your a professional and you will use the ipad for work/business go with the ipad pro.
Is 64gb enough storage for a student?
I’m going for the iPad Air.
Still a $700+ larger/faster iPhone 😂   Just get a Mac instead! Or the cheaper iPad gen 8
It’s hard to choose as of right now because I am more worry about the bend gate on iPad. So far the new iPad Pro 2020, there has been a issue with the bend gate which really put me down to buy the device. I don’t know the new iPad Air have this problem, hopefully they resolve it.
I'll wait for newest iPad Pro in 2021
iCloud Lock Device? No Problem Anymore!!!!  We Unlock IPhone, IPad, IPod, Mac & Carrier.  What we do is remove the apple Id on the lock Device through the (IMEI NUMBER) which you provide to us. With this, work can be done though (GSX ACCOUNT). What's a GSX account? Global Service Exchange (GSX) is Apple's single service, repair and order management tool for Apple partners to provide service business with Apple worldwide. This is done remotely by IMEI number. so first you need to make sure your device meets these requirements.  Get back to us if you are interested in our service.  Instagram:  @ officialfixing Whats app: +1 915 996 2651 Email: officialfixing@gmail.com
too late for me . I bought the pro back in the spring. .. no regrets though.
It's probably already mentioned, I would be interested in a larger air if that were to be. Would it be one too many in the range? Most likely, seeing this at it's price point imagine a 12.9 version for a price a little over the 11 inch pro.
Its like watching a guy reading a script, reviewing A14 seems to be relying to what Apple info., do more effort showing off some benchmark.  I dont know why Youtube suggested this video 🤔
I just want mine to surf the net and watch movies???Which should I get?
Funny how the air was originally advertised as being the thinnest iPad ever. Now, it’s the thickest.
No way the iPad Air is better then the pro. I think the air is overpriced: it will have a similar performing chip like the iPad Pro, I give you that. But for 200 bucks you get 64G extra storage, coming from apple that is already 100$ difference. It does not have Face ID and it will be very annoying to use having to touch the power button every now and then to enter passwords or make payments online. It has worse speakers. It has one less camera and no lidar sensor. Just explain to me how do you justify the iPad Air’s price compared to iPad Pro. And the color hype? Nonsense, I use it to study and work and I won’t ever buy a product just because it looks cool. I look at specs,  at what can this product do for me and at what features they have. Just the worst review focusing on non important stuff I have ever seen.
none tbh waste of money
HOW MUCH RAM? Why is the amount of ram totally ignored? It does matter. If it didn't matter then why do some iPads have more ram than others? You are giving priority to things like color choices. Who cares about color that much? You are basing the laptop replaceability the most on the size? Ram, Ram, Ram? Don't tell me that apple didn't tell you because everyone knows that. That's why we watch videos like yours, for some insider info. Does anyone know what enclave means? Do you think the faster processor will be noticeable by 99.9% of humans? No, not unless there is a ram difference too.
this is ipad air 4 right?
Same
I have the IPad Pro 2018 and I wish it was less bright! I have it on the lowest possible brightness settings at all times unless I'm in direct sunlight and it's usually too bright and hurts my eyes  especially at night. Also Face ID NEVER works when you are using the IPad without holding it up to your face
I have the 2020 iPad Pro and I can tell you Face ID is way better then Touch ID.  I can’t imagine having to reach over every time I need authentication.
Watching on my ipad pro 11 🙃
I have ipad pro 2017, so i’m hesitant about buying the ipad air and newer apple pencil/keyboard.... but that green is tugging at my heart strings!!
After watching several iPad Pro vs iPad Air videos, I decided to stay with my 10.5 inch iPad Pro and wait for 2021 iPads :)  apple made it hard this time.
So it all interconnect. AIR because of the pandemic happening around the world. People need air. So Ipad Air decided to go full out.
confused. :(
god ipad and iphone ios etc all reductive as fuck lame
I'd like to hold out until the iPad Pro gets the most powerful chip Apple makes for iPads.
Green ipad air gang
The A12Z/X is more powerfull than the A14 because A14 is meant to be used in the iphones. However the Z/X line is purposed for the most powerfull pruductivity pro ipads and maybe Macs in the future. This is a fact even though the A14 is newer guys.
Pro is Pro
I’m going to get the iPad Air. It will fit my basic needs
Wellllll... people say APPLE HAS NEVR DONE IT BEFORE ....AIR MODEL HAS A14 AND PRO HAS A12Z....... NOTICE THAT IPAD MINI IS NOWHERE TO BE SEEN !!
Inside voice, my dude.
ohh ok thanks
How much ram? For 2020 Pro lineup should be 6gb, not sure how about Air? I think ram is more important, iPad does refresh quite a lot background apps
See I would get an iPad Pro if it had Touch ID instead because Face ID is just not it.
I think the color point is sort of mute with Dbrands new line up of pastel wraps. They feel great and protect the bare metal
I'm gonna buy the ipad air 256gb
Whats the refresh rate on the air
I got an iPad Pro honestly I love it! & my college  was able to give out to students at my college because of Covid & use iPad for extra support & honestly I’m truly blessed!
I got my iPad Pro 12.9 inch a month ago for school and vlog editing and I don’t regret it! The only thing I would want to add is the fingerprint scanner.
Click bait. Nothing new
You are way off! A12Z is more powerful as it’s a tablet chip. Camera, pen, speakers, storage is also all better on the pro. You need to get your facts straight before recommending the iPad Air which at 256gb is actually not much of a saving. Thanks
I'm planning to get the iPad Air 4 !! I was going to get the iPad Air 3 but I realised that it might not be for me and suddenly this new iPad comes out and... IM IN LOVE 😍 just don't know which colour to get
This is dumb... for the same $600 you can get the pro after free AirPods and $749 price. Better off paying for the pro at the same value on promotion. The convenience of Touch ID over Face ID is irrelevant on an iPad because you use the product sitting down mostly at home vs. iPhone where you’re anywhere at anytime and it would be a welcome addition.
I have the 3rd gen 12.9" iPad Pro and I really wish this version of the iPad Air was out at that point. I would have gone with the Air. But now that I'm on the Pro it's a little hard to let go of it and go with the Air. I hate Face ID on the Pro. Being left handed, I'm always covering the camera and I have to scan my face at least twice every time I turn it on. I wish the Air had a base model of 128GB storage. I'd probably be willing to take the hit on screen size. The camera, display tech, and speaker differences don't really matter much to me because I'm not really doing anything with the iPad to justify keeping those. I honestly just wanted something that looked the like the Pro without the price tag. This delivers, but might be too late.
I just buy iPad Air 3 😢😭😭😭
A12z will be faster than A14
Apples been doing pretty well with lowering their prices lately. The macbook air, the ipad air, iphone 11.
I want air
iPad Air is 2018 iPad Pro in anther color
iPad Pro 2020 most disappointing update ever. If you want pro motion (wich is for me at least totally overrated) save money just buy the 2018 Pro. Also they say in the keynote the A14 of the air is 40% faster then the previous iPad Air wich has an A12. The A12X or A12Z have more cores, so before any benchmark I wouldn't be to hyped about. I hope they get rid with that FaceID on the Pro Modells as well, or at least give us an option for fingerprint in the sleep/wake button.
What about RAM.
As I am reading some comments, I wanted to state the following: Yes, the A12Z in the iPad Pro has more CPU (and maybe...?) more GPU cores, but that goes in tandem with the promotion display. Do not forget that the 120Hz does not come by itself. The A14 does not need to power since the Air only has the standard 60Hz display hence the fewer core count. And if we consider that, maybe the iPhone 12 Pro Max may have a better spec'd A14 IF it does come with a promotion display. So what I want to say: It is the overall package we need to look at, not just the components by themselves. We do need real world tests though to really see how much of a difference in performance there is between the iPad Pro with the A12Z and the iPad Air with the A14.
also the case on ipad air would have to make a cutoff for the power button which limits the design ie cases must always be thin
iPad Air sky blue for me and I’m getting the 256gb
Green
iPad Air hands down !! Makes the iPad Pro look old comparing the new chip 😂
That iPad 8 with A12 is really great deal.
Which has a bigger battery?
A12z is still going to be better performance, it has more performance cores. So if you want the best performance, go with the iPad Pro.
This just puts me in a dilemma everyday. Do I buy the Air or wait for iPad Pro update in 2021? Or wait for Air 5 end of 2021 which beats the Pro 2021? Or wait iPad Pro 2022 which will be better than the Air, or wait for Air 6 end of 2022. Hmmm...it's a tough decision
How about gaming? I dont care about cameras etc etc.
Its so much better to buy iPad because for $800 u get 128GB, FaceID, 120Hz etc. And iPad Air one is $600 u get 64GB, TouchID, 60Hz.
I’m probably going to get this for my siblings bcs I dead just got a 2020 iPad Pro for digital art and college so forget this new iPad Air
If you want 256gb storage on the new Air it becomes a less good deal compared to the pro. 64gb is just stingy but apple knows what it is doing...
Pretty much the IPad Air 4th gen is basically a cheaper 2018 IPad Pro that has the A14 chipset and has new colours and different storage options available but has had Pro Motion removed! So it’s pretty much the same as the 2018 IPad Pro in every other category and area and I’m also currently using a 2019 3rd gen IPad Air that I purchased in August of 2019 so I’ll most likely only be upgrading to an IPad Pro in 3-5 years from now once they get Touch ID back and also evolve to become full blown MacBook computers that are in tablet form! I also would seriously like to see the new lock/power button Touch ID system brought to all of Apple’s future IPad Pros and IPhones as it could be extremely useful for when people are wearing masks! :)
I find the blue iPad Air cool
Why does everyone buy Apple products based on colors or think it’s something great to have different colors, it’s the same for the Apple Watch 6 yes they have different colors but with all Apple products you have to cover those beautiful colors with a case, so what difference does it make what color the watch or the Ipad is, it’s the color of the case your gonna cover it in that matters.
Datz a good Apple
Biggest seller for the Air would have been 128 GB which they cleverly didn't offer making the decision for many to Air 256 GB v Pro 128 GB
I'm a student but I'm not sure on which one to get. My current laptop is VERY slow and i feel like when i go to university next september, I'll need a more capable device. Initially i was lokking at macbook air but since watching many videos i feel an ipad with apple pencil support is so much versatile than a laptop, which is better for students i think. Ive been working loads of the summer and saving up so i can afford the slightly more expensive ipad pro. Can you help me decide.
Does anyone use camera on iPad?
When was the last time Apple said all-new design and it was really an all-new design for any of their devides...like 2017?
Great video. And I guess one of the first ones to do an in-depth comparison!
when is the mini led iPad pro coming out ? Im confused af now
Will ipad air 2020 have pro motion display (120hz) ?
50% of viewers are recently bought ipad air3 users
I guess you get a 2018 iPad Pro cheaper than the 128gb Air
I sold my old iPad at the beginning of lockdown and wanted to get the Pro for school, but now I’m definitely getting the Air instead :)
3:34 How 120 hz display makes difference while watching video ???
Which to get iPad pro or iPad air, Like I love the colors of the air , and the a14 chip, I'm confused which to choose iPad air or the pro
Bought an iPad Pro yesterday, the 2018 model new in box in sale. I was looking for the 2018 model 11 inch, but went for the 12.9 inch to replace my MacBook retina 2015. If you’re gonna need the space like I do you’re beter of with the 2018 model in sale or just the 2020 model. I just like Face ID better than Touch ID and the 12X or 12Z has more cores than the A14, so it will definitely outperform the iPad Air. Apple would not be stupid to make an Air better than the Pro. Also I am planning to use the microphones on the iPad, there are 5 on the pro and 2 on the Air. Etc etc. Not to forget the 100 nits more brightness and the higher refresh rate of 120 instead of 60 with the Air.  If you are on a budget or you don’t use your iPad for extreme programs or apps and you don’t need much storage: Air  If you’re gonna use extreme programs: pro 11inch  If you’re going for a MacBook replacement: pro 12.9 inch   They really thought this threw at apple’s headquarters ;)
The Air is arguably the *better* device considering price.
Yeah, face id on my ipad pro is pretty annoying when I have to wear a mask inside the metro.
This video confirms that I’d go with the iPad Air 💫
I just got an ipad air 3...
I already bought the iPad Pro 2020.
The best one is ipad pro 12.9 256gb space grey
Face ID is so much more than just an unlock tool, one of my favourite features that owners don’t ever notice or see, is notifications that are hidden until it detects your attention. That plus the potential for some really great facial recognition tools for work-from-home times.   Touch ID is strictly just unlocking/passwords. They’re not 1-1.  I hope the next iPad Pro gets both.
Imagine just buying a new iPad Pro
i'd honestly rather spend the extra $200 to get the pro.... face id and 120 hertz screen alone is worth it
I am from India and looking for ipad Air
sonys Fingerprint enters the room
I would go with the iPad Pro also because I currently have the 2020 iPad Pro and I upgraded from the iPad Air 3 and it was a HUGE jump in performance and convince. Face ID is a million times better than Touch ID and it’s quicker. The iPad Pro is so smooth with its 120hz display and its pro motion technology make it as smooth as butter. The iPad Pro is the way to go!
Ipad air 2020 = 2018 Ipad pro with different colors
If u have more budget just get the pro :D there’s alot more extra features
Hey pls telli want to buy a ipad on my birthday and my mama would gift me any i hv 2 choices can guys tell which is better - ipad air 4 or ipad 8th gen ?? Pls tell
Bro I literally got it few weeks back
i just need an ipad to draw so if it's cheaper I'll take it lmao
There is just no way they will make the iPad Air better than  the iPad Pro that’s like saying that the iPhone SE is better than a iPhone 11 Pro
I would still get the iPad Pro...wait till they do some testing, the iPad Pro will most likely still be faster for photo/video editing (what I mostly do on it).
A lot of people just came here to say they made a mistake.
Great video dude, super helpful!
Which iPad should you buy?  me: *look at my wallet*  “maybe later!”
I just got the iPad Pro today
I like that blue color
It's simple... New iPad Airs are the old Pros, and the new iPads are the old Airs... They love to put a different name on the last generation tech, and show it as a new product.
definitely S7+..   cant beat AMOLED
I have a 2018 11" iPad Pro, but am getting the Samsung Tab S7+. All I  do with tablets is stream videos and read ebooks/comics. The Samsung's big OLED screen is the deciding factor for me.
Would this be good for artists? And a replacement for a laptop? I just have a surface pro.. but I’m drawn to the colors of this but I just don’t know about the screen size... I’ve been scoping out the pro for a while but saw these drop.. lol I’m also a college student so I’d use it as a computer too. Just lost now lol
Better watch maxtech’s channel. His opinions are just hunches unlike maxtech’s way of showing numbers and data. Im not buying the air because of him
The 64gb base storage for the air is just stupid.
LOVE our iPad Pros, both 11' and 12.9. After purchasing new iPads every year (2 years max) since 2010, totally expecting to keep those Pros for 5 years. "Next Big Thing" can wait.
Idk why I'm watching this, I'm gonna buy the 8th generation ipad lol
*_i really appreciate H4ckworld on Instagram, He bypass my locked iCloud with less charges than the rest hackers.... he is awesome_*
*_i really appreciate H4ckworld on Instagram, He bypass my locked iCloud with less charges than the rest hackers.... he is awesome_*
Hi can anyone suggest me which one is better for gaming🙂
Just got the iPad Pro on Monday😔
im gonna save money for this😍❤️
Sticking with my iPad Pro.  Like the larger screen for drawing. Coloring.  Note taking. Productivity and social media consumption.   Love  the space gray color.
I’ve already owned the 2020 12.9 iPad Pro since June. I still love this thing
a14 is better than a12 but not a12x or z. Apple key note mentioned 40% more powerful than previous ipad air. Not ipad pro.
They look great but iPad is something I totally don’t need, I already spend way too much screen time on my iPhone 8 Plus.
I’m definitely going for the iPad Air!
The A12X in the 2018 iPad Pro is still faster than the A14 in the new iPad Air.
Im probably waiting for the ipad pro 2021 in march
Thank you , I’m a big fan of your page . Great information, based on your wonderful options, you just sold me the 2020 Air IPad . Thank you  Dennis  US Navy 👍🏽
My 3 generation iPad Air I have got last year is good but it costed near 800$ with only a few features more then the normal one imagine his years iPad Air still only capable to 60fps not even 120fps (in game terms) even with a , A14 bionic chip it can’t handle 120fps and costing 100$ more really isn’t worth it if I were to get the new iPad Air with the same features in my current air I would be looking at around 900$ to near 1000$ which is insane (this is my personal opinion if I’m wrong on anything I said your welcome to correct me)
For the price you can get the 2018 iPad Pro refurbished at equal or a tad higher! Worth considering imo
anybody watching this on ipad pro
I saw a 64gb 2nd generation ipad pro 12.9 refurb going for £589, and I'm wondering if its a better idea than the new ipad air........does an A10x fusion chip and no neural engine count for much?
Apple didn’t explain if the iPad Air was faster than their other products or the other older iPad airs so The iPad Pro is still more capable than the iPad Air
Still going with ipad pro
Air is simmilar to air with some tweaks. https://culttek.com/2020/09/16/apple-event-2020-unfolded-apple-watch-6-series-the-ipad-air-but-delayed-the-iphone-12/
So Apple’s innovation nowadays is new colors?! Wtf
imagine... Ipad pro with touch ID...
It does have 120hz though
If u leave a party it’s stretch rez
iPad Pro has glitches with fortnite sometimes
Will the Apple Air run the latest edition of Garageband and all it's features? And, will the new Apple iPad do the same? Thanks!
Who is dying for green one
I paid   pro
I have the iPad Pro and I love it 😻
iPad pro is still better I will buy it. Because A12z chip is very fast and overclockable. 120Hz display, more speakers, more better camera. So it's more advanced then air ..air just have a14 chip which is weaker then A12z chip because it have less graphic cores and processor cores then A12z.  Apple is not fool providing cheap ipad good cpu and expensive one poor cpu. A12z chip can go beyond the a14 chip. So just go for iPad pro.
I hope they make. iPad mini 6.
I think the iPad Air is $200 less and effective...if you're in for 4k editing
Will ipad air 4 get 90hz refresh rate
I appreciate the A14, but the A12Z is already very strong. I was planning to get the iPad Air 4 256gigs + wifi but then I realized that its literally the same price as the education program price iPad Pro for 750$, since i’m an artist I’m sure the choice of 120hz would be a better choice for me.
I wanna get an iPad to do my digital illustration. And now iI think I should wait for iPad air. Great video... 👌🏻👌🏻
with edu discounts etc the pro only works out to be 100 pounds more. for that extra storage and screen is that worth it?
Don't make a mistake of buying any of them
Does the new Air have Face ID & Touch ID or only touch
I did some calculation and the a12x is better than a14 in every way . On geekbench the a14 would have a score of 4000 and in graphics about 6000 where as the a12x will have 4600 and 9000 and in a12z will have 4650 and 10300 so yeah the a12x or a12z is better if u want to know how I did my calculations then reply in the comments then I will tell ya.
So basically the only new thing is powerbutton touch id.
I see all that noise about the new chip inside but what about the ram - it is less than that of iPad Pro.
I was thinking of getting a Ipad pro at the end of the year (since I wanted to get a 12.9 inch so the smaller version wouldn't be an option for me) but now the ipad air has a better processor I'm just wondering if I should wait? The only thing that's stopping me is university, which is starting in February. All rumours say the Ipad Pros are likely to be announced in march. I'm just asking for everyone's opinion on this since I'm not particularly experienced in specs and all that.
thanks
i was confused that should i buy the pro or air 4 .....now i know what i want
I’m gonna convince my parents to buy me an apple iPad Air 4  That a good choice?
Still going for the pro
this dude really said the a14 is more powerful Lmaooooooooo
I’m an university student, which ipad should i buy? The new air or the pro 11”? This will be my first ipad and i don’t want to make a mistake
i god apple you really make me feel poor
Am getting a iPad Air in color sky blue
why am i watching this, i cant afford both
isn’t this the 2018 version of the ipad pro?
A14 is less power than the A12z...... because of the number of core.
IPad Pro is still better, folks
I have an iPad mini 4 it is definitely time for an upgrade after 4 years I got this iPad on Christmas from my parents I definitely need a new iPad my iPad is very slow I use this every day as my computer I use zoom google classroom I use this every day for school it sometimes glitches me out of zoom so maybe a new chip would probably be better also my battery life isn’t so good maybe a new iPad could give me a new start I would also need a Apple Pencil for notes on school
I got my pro back in June and I am happy. Personally, I’m not a fan of all these fruity colors. Wished apple released colors like the military green and midnight blue on the iPhones, on the iPads. The pro is just a beautiful tablet and I would recommend it to anyone. Maybe if you have a lower budget, you can get the air.
Hey great vid Bud, as an upcoming YouTube creator specializing in apple, just stopping past to pay homage with a like and comment, If you have time check out the vid I just dropped on the iPad give me some feedback? It’ll be appreciated, -TheGoat
Watching this in my iPad mini 1 lol
Watching this on a pro
The new cpu sounds great on paper but the 12x is still a powerhouse it might be better since it has 8 cores while the new 14 cpu has 6 cores. And we don’t know how much ram the new iPad Air will come with if apple adds 6 gb of ram like the current iPad Pro than it can be much closer to the the iPad Pro when handling intensive workloads. In the end I don’t see a big difference between these two CPU’s and I would still recommend the current iPad Pro especially if you want to get the magic keyboard since it’s $300 that brings it closer to the 11 inch iPad Pro when you add all the accessories and the 256gb.
I just talked to a specialist at Apple. I told them what I wanted to do with the iPad and he recommended the iPad Air. They helped me cancel my order for the Pro. I suggest talking to one of the specialists, theyre super nice and knowledgeable.
Without pro motion there’s no point in a more powerful chip as everything will run smoother on the iPad Pro
I wanted iPad Pro 12in but decided to wait because of this event... it really made me thought about it. But Apple are bastards. Let’s wait until the new iPad Pro, because they Re like these always; so they would make some sh*t to make the stunning of iPad Air be less amazing.  Anyway this new air looks awesome :)! But. Prefer to wait. My super old iPad mini second gen is barely useful for me know days apart from reading but, whatever; I can keep using my gorgeous windows computer (to be honest I hate macs, but like iOS devices).   I am actually more upset for they adding oximetry to iwatch 6, wtf? I doubt precious watches don’t have a possibility to work, seriously I doubt it! But whatever. I am using my 4 until the bastard breaks because I don’t like spending on Apple products only because it’s the “new”.
iPad Air is the way to go
ATTENTION ALL AMERICANS, NOV.03.20. GET OUT AND VOTE!
Great summary, balanced and measured. Probably choose new Air as happy with touch id and would rather use iphone for camera versatility.
I would go with the ipad Air
Good comparison, though it's pretty much reading the tech sheet. Also I'd say a bit overly optimistic on the A14 chip. I've seen many explain that the A12z is probably still more powerful, at least in multi core.
I don't understand why Apple doesn't do what Samsung did with multi unlock... like if I don't use my fingerprint the camera reads my face and vice versa. Why depend on only 1... what if I'm cooking and my hands are wet and don't want to type my password.
I mean, I'm more of a fan of touch ID so I'm all over the iPad Air
There is no way they’re going to put a faster chip in a device that is $200 cheaper. The fact that you would even say that in your video without having any facts to back it up is ridiculous.
I have pro and its better than air 4🤟🤟🤟240 hz touch sensing is very iportan for gaming
No bro  I can't buy either of ipads. Cozs it's price is too high ??
I'm sure iPad Pro with A14x is just round the corner🍭
Thx for this, i was looking into buying an iPad Air of pro for college, im not sure i like the new redesign,,, but we’ll seeee. (Rip home button)
So I want to transition from traditional drawing and get into digital drawing and animation. Which would be best? A14 is tempting and it saves me money. But still not a hundred percent sure. 😓
Since all my classes and work are online right now I won't be bringing my iPad anywhere so it doesn't really matter whether it has face or touch ID. My phone, on the other hand, goes everywhere with me. I'm not against the face ID but I do want to see the next iPhone have both options.
After looking at these comments I do not regret getting the iPad Pro 12.9
I literally just ordered an iPad Pro
Ipad air is a compelling product!
Patients is truly a virtue
Who is using their iPad Pro to take pictures????
The trailer released right as I was about to get the pro HAHHA
so I ordered a new iPad Pro 12.9 (2020) which is still in process of getting to me. Knowing these new updates on an A14 processor, touch ID, etc., should I wait for the iPad Pro 12.9 (Late 2020/Early 2021) and just return my order? Would a new iPad Pro be expected soon possibly in Late 2020? I'm kind of in a rush to get my hands on an iPad for my Graphic Design work, but knowing if an update would come soon, I guess I could wait too. I would love to hear back from everyone. Thanks!
What irritates me is Apple charges these premium prices for their gear, but still retain the 12 megapixel cameras. For some time I’ve been thinking of getting a Huawei as not only do they have the Leica lens, but the megapixel is much higher on their gear.
100$ addition to price in base model , but 600$ for 64GB machine , is plain stupid, should have given at least 128GB if you are raising the price by 100$.   It feels iPad air is priced to push you to buy iPad pro. Air is simply not a value fo money
how much RAM does the ipad air have?
I’m ordering an Air soon. I’ve wanted one for a while and just haven’t felt like they were up to date enough. Plus the price is much better.
I just bought IPad Pro 12.9 2020 for like 2 days 🙂
Just the fact that the pro has a high refresh rate, makes it automatically better. Who cares about the colors lol
Apple iPad Air looks promising..
I bought ipad pro a week ago for bezel less design and planning to use it as a entertainment only. I should wait for the new ipad air damn, its just has much better value. At least the promotion looks nice, but im not sure if its worth the extra 200 bucks 🤯
IPAD PRO IS BETTER WATCH THE FULL VID DONT BUY THE AIR
JAY-Z is God in the book of Apocalypse / Revelation. I know this because I have the name “Jesus” on my thigh. Read Revelation 19:16 please.
A14Bionic and 256GB SSD ($749) vs A12Z and 128GB SSD ($799) = No Brainer....At worst, same performance...At best, better performance, more storage, and less money....The win goes to the IPad Air....
I’m all over that sky blue iPad Air. It’s so pretty.
Bruhhhhhh I’m watching this on iPad Air 2 which was released in 2014. I got it when it was released.
Quick question for everyone, does the 120 hertz really make a lot of difference, I am planning you use the iPad to stream content on the train to work.
I heard apple saying this is the fastest iPad "air" ever. It doesn't make sense for an air to be more powerful than a pro that came out the same year. If this happened with MacBooks it would be as senseless. Looking forward to benchmarking between these two chips. If the A14 is more powerful than A12Z I'll feel cheated for buying the 2020 iPad Pro.
iPad Pro has more core, mazing camera, Lidar camera, Studio quality Mic and most of all iPad Pro has bigger screen. That price still make sense for more price. Mine still on the way after ai ordered it 2 weeks ago.
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos✌️Non-Duality
Still going to buy ipad pro,faster and that 120 hz display boiii
I look at the screen, not the case color.
They still release ipads with 32gb. Why? Maybe because they really suck. Taking people for a fool. Fapple
Damn. I prefer the touchid any day. I want a refund. Take this pos iPad Pro
Why does the Air have 4 speaker grills?
And the bezels are bigger
I have the iPad Pro 2018 and the new air looks sick,  but if I want the colors I’ll just get a DBrand skin
Hey guys ! Does someone know if an iPad can remplace a laptop ? bc the appel pencil seems like a feature that I would use pretty frequently, and I think my laptop is gonna die in a few months but I can't afford to buy a computer and an iPad. Sooo should I buy an iPad instead of a Macbook pro/air or it's not worth it?
I just got the iPad Pro when it came out 🤣🤦‍♀️
Ordered my pro and don’t regret it
Imagine buying ipad pro 12.9 256Gb with 1500 ca$ and compare it with a 10.9 inch 256gb with no face id for 1200 ca$. I believe even 11 inch was small for taking notes. Loll
If you have a case you can’t even use the finger print sensor that’s dumb as hell
I got the ipad air
Thank you for sharing!Hope everybody here becomes successful on YouTube :)
I need help! I start uni in October and I don't know which iPad to get now. iPad Air 4 with 2nd gen apple pencil for £700  OR iPad Pro with 2nd gen apple pencil and free airpods (student discount) for £840?
9:10 prices thank me later 🤣
I’m just a simple student so for me the $200 usd difference is very significant. Nonetheless i think the pro is better in almost every way. But for me I can get the iPad Air and the magical keyboard for basically the same price as an iPad Pro and that’s a win win for me.
Looks like it's time to upgrade from my iPad Mini 5 to the new Sky Blue iPad Air 🧐
samsung tab s7+ is best
I want to purchase ipad pro for the price is ipad and that should include pencil & keyboard.. lol my ask
I'm curious to see the bend test for the new air
stopped listening after he said the air was gonna be more powerful than the pro💀
I kinda thought that they were going to take this redesign to unify their iPad line up  iPad Pro  13" 11"  iPad Air  11" 9"  iPad SE  10.2"  Unify design language. Puts pricing in line with products. iPad mini was confusing as it sounds like a smaller base iPad which you would expect to be cheaper. Unify SE line up accross iPhone, Watch and iPad, heck even take it to the Mac line up! Although keeping Series 3 around is already making Watch SE confusing.
Air
Great channel imma sub
A12z has 2 extra cores and better GPU. For those who want Ipad for graphics work, pro would be still a better choice.
Find a 2018 IPad Pro
what about the folio keyboard which was designed for the 2018 11 inch iPad Pro , ie the one with the the single camera. Will that be compatible with the iPad Air 4
Nice video!!
Dude i like your energy and enthusiasm. Very encouraging to watch.
One common subject that's not covered is the amount of ram in the iPad. This is important for some users as pro apps like procreate don't offer the same amount of usability based of the amount of ram inside. Pro user May wait before going on the new iPad Air. We know there is 6go of ram in the 2020 iPad Pro. We don't know if the 2020 iPad air will stay stuck on the 3GO from the previous gen.
I got the ipad pro due to being an illustrator and for me it made better sense with the screen ratio to colors.    I had the ipad pro 10 incher before I upgraded to the latest 2020 model.
Does iPad Air has 120 hz display
I’m all over that blue iPad air
I want to get an iPad mainly for school and I'm deciding on the brand new air or the pro 12.9 please help me decide a response will be highly appreciated
HZ ?
Sky blue or green?
and what about RAM?
I would’ve wait & get it if it had a large screen but I bought the 12.9 iPad Pro for its large screen as well 😌 I am quite happy with it
are you still hesitate??? listen, always get the pro, that thing will live for like over 5 years...
How is the air faster than my windows laptop?? It cost 100 pounds more my laptop but has a 4600H a gtx 1650 and 16gb of Ram! I fail to see how this is faster? Once you add the keyboard it costs about the same if not more the iPad??
Im going to travel to the USA when this virus is gone. US prices are far cheaper than UK and I will save on the currency conversion as well.
We still do not know how much RAM the iPad Air will have, but I can bet that it will be less than that of the iPad Pro.
Are we still expecting a new iPad Pro this year?
Why iPad air 4 not support OTG?
Ermm, the A14 is a Hexacore Processor (2 high Power and 4 Low Power cores) and is Faster than the Hexacore A12 (That is in the new iPad 8th Gen). The iPad Pro 2020 however uses the Octacore A12Z Bionic (which has 4 Hi power Cores and 4 Low power cores). Also no where in their material have Apple hinted that the A14 is faster than the A12Z. So making such an assumption is baseless unless proven with evidence. Just Sayin... 🤷‍♂️
They should add all these features to the iPad Mini, which is light and portable and it's very different than the iPad Pro line up.
I’m sorry but why you repeat SO MUCH?!
But then you get free AirPods when you get the iPad pro until September 29. So you get more features for only $50 more....
I literally just bought an iPad Pro last month.
I'll never wait. I will get the best one during the time I need/want it.
iPad Air 2020 or iPad Pro 2018 guys? kinda same price in my country
So my big question is will the lack of ProMotion cause a noticeable delay when using the Apple Pencil? Cause as a person who uses Procreate having an input delay can be really jarring when drawing quickly
Na bro....a14 isn't gonna be faster than the a12x or a12z....esp in gpu tasks
even though the ipad air's A14  isnt faster than the the ipad pro's A12Z, the price put on the pro puts it out of reach for a lot of people. Yhe previous budget options were really good but the older design became a dealbreaker for a lot of people. But the Air has a better design and support for the latest accessories at a BETTER price. Besides that considering the A14 is also a pretty dang powerful chip it is a very good deal
I need to buy a new iPad, if the air has 4-6gb off ram, my decision is made. But if not, it’s obviously pro for me. Procreate is certainly better with higher ram.
i would get the ipad air blue!
😍😍
❤❤
I checked the benchmark comparison between A14 VS A12Z and the winner was A12Z.
I have oneplus 8 pro with 120 hz and when I go back to oneplus 5t with 60 hertz, it feels like back to 15th century. I can't imagine myself using 60 hz tablet. So ipad pro for me.
Rose gold isn't a new color. I have my iPad pro in rose gold
So I spent €200 extra on pro for no reason. Should have waited one more month🤦🏼‍♂️
Same body as first gen iPad Pro but with slightly bigger bezels for the screen that brakes down to 10.9" vs 11".
Talk about durability I hope it is not as badly built like the ipad pro
I saved up for a ipad pro and now these ipaf comes out much cheaper i can get one for my sister toò
Do we get magic keyboard and apple pencil in box of i pad air 4????
Or get a refurbished iPad pro 2018!
I have the first iPad Air for over 7 years..😩now I’m getting the iPad Pro 2020 12.9😍😍
Well ordered the pro don’t regret it :)
The storage options on the iPad Air are a scandal in my view... how can you smooth over that?
Might as well wait it out and get the new iPad Pro next year.
Why they gave powerful processor for new Ipad Air and a tweaked version of a12 for Ipad pro 2020, the thing is, will there be a big difference in the performance of the pro than the air or not.
THey're probably gonna make a new update to the ipad pro to make it better and stand out, so imma wait for that
Tech geeks of YouTube, air or pro for college ?
If the AIR had product red i'd sell my iPad pro 11 inch and get it but ... No point now lol.
is 256 gb enough for video editing as well as playing games
Ipad pro and ipad air have only difference of a14 chip and the camera setup rest is the same
iPad Air ???????????????
Ipad air doesnt have 120 hz
I prever ipad pro
Here is the conclusion: If you want the ipad for gaming, go for ipad air 2020 and forget about the refresh rate because almost no game can take advantage of that high refresh rate.  If you want the ipad for anything else, go for ipad air 2020 because it is cheaper and has new A14 bionic.
iPad air is good for video editing as well.. I guess
Is ipad air usb c
It’s so fun reading so many people with the same struggle lmao. Still, I’m on the same doubtful train. As a pro graphic designer and illustrator I was about to buy the latest 2020 iPad Pro for Christmas but after knowing about the powerful features of iPad Air 2020 I’m pretty much -now- confused on my buying decision. 120hz screen seems a high big reason to stay up with Pro version: does this could benefit the use and performance of Procreate? I mean: is it a great big game changer? I’m more into using the iPad as a tool to enhance my illustration skills and job. So, actually, having a pro camera and better audio/face ID thing is not my stuff at all.
I personally prefer touch id over face Id but in the end I put in the order for the iPad pro 12.9 as I had the previous 2gen IPad pro (that broke) and I used it alot for my editing personal and professional photography work I needed more storage and as I was already very familiar the 12.9 from factor and the 120hz display it was a no brainer for me but for most people the iPad air is probably the better option
Very little to dissect. First Apple event I felt was a waste of my time.
This is the first time that apple gave the new colors like green and blue to the IPAD.
I would prefer the ipad air
Touch ID. One reason I've been skipped iPhone 11 and using iPhone SE 2020 during these mask season.
I've been waiting for the iPad 8th gen. But iPad Air 4 changed everything! Damn! Look at that thang! <3
I ordered my iPad Pro last Saturday. Cancelled this morning. Now regretting.
I currently have an iPad Air 2. Loving the look of the new Sky Blue iPad Air 😍
I contacted Apple and they said, “Technically, the A12Z is still a greater processor compared to the A14 processor of the iPad Air 4. The A12Z is 8-Core processor, while the A14 is a 6-Core processor.  If you’re going to use the iPad for extensive Photo/Video editing or Animation. The performance of the A12Z (iPad Pro) would stand out. But if you’re just going to use both device for basic daily usage such as web browsing, Word Processing tools, watching movie, streaming, or even average gaming (iPad Air 4th Gen.), there’s no noticeable difference.”  Hope this helps!
i got an ipad pro, but now i wish i would have waited for ipad air,  blue color, just loved it.
I was hoping for a new iPad mini without bezels 😢😢😢
I am sorry but speaker is not a small change ..
iPad air 4 has 6 core CPU from Apple with 2 performance and 4 high-efficiancy cores whereas the iPad Pro has "8 core" CPU with 4 performance and 4 high-efficiency cores enabling you to even EDIT 4K videos! This clearly shows iPad air is a pretty massive upgrade in terms of design and specs but it nowhere stands out when compared to the current iPad Pro...
I can't afford.
Benchmarks https://www.cpu-monkey.com/en/compare_cpu-apple_a14_bionic-1693-vs-apple_a12z_bionic-1651
Dose anyone realise how annoying Touch ID will be when connected to the magic keyboard ? Every time u want to unlock the iPad u would have to reach over and find the power button ..... instead of a flawless 1 second automatic unlock with Face ID...
Bruh wish I was above 18 and did a job so i could but the green ugh
22 July 2019 I bought i pad air 3, I’m gonna upgrade it next year if  apple launches iPad Pro with a14x
I got the 2018 iPad Pro 11 inch for 700$ here in India for the 64gb and now can I say !!!!!
Your analysis is shit, if want bigger that pick this, if you want smoother pick this, if you want color, etc. wasted time
Good job by Apple but they price a lot than US in India still I'll try it
A12Z = 8  core gpu A14 = 4 core gpu ( difference  right there )
iPad Air😍
Wow,now I regret buying the 7 gen I pad :(
I want this ipad air because of color i like blue and green color 😂😂 omg im excited im using a very old ipad air 2 16gb need to upgrade so badly 🤣🤣
coming from 2017 pro 10.5, i'm kinda interested to upgrade, is it worth ?
I would be using Adobe Lightroom , photoshop and procreate . Will the storage matter ? Or is it better experience with the new chip?
This is the reason I got the 12.9 inch iPad Pro instead of the 11 inch. I knew I'd regret buying the 11 inch when the air came out if I bought it. I have no regrets with the 12.9!
If they had an iPad Air in red, that would’ve been dope. But I’d get it in sky blue to go with my iPad Pro 12.9
Definitely the Air 256g sky blue
This guy looks like a cleaner thinner version of paymoneywubby.
I currently have the 1st gen 12.9" iPad pro. Thinking of upgrading to the 2020 pro 128gb or the ipad air 4 256gb. My 1st gen iPad is getting really slow so I think I am actually due for an upgrade. I wanted to get the pro but I won't make use of the LiDar sensor or the camera features often and I know that from experience. My issue with the air would be the price tag for a smaller screen real estate since I draw and do a lot of note taking with it. Help me decide!! :c
Air is only 3gb ram
iPad Air 4 has the A14 which has 50% higher single core. iPad Pro has 6gb Ram vs 3gb in the Air. If you need the extra ram, then you need the Pro... but almost nobody currently really needs the extra Ram. Most artists are on 2-3gb ram iPads. Most music Producers are the same. Most regular users are the same. That said, the Pro 2020 A12z is slower but there currently isn't a software need for a faster processor. You won't notice the Air being faster than the Pro even-though it is. Eventually, when they are older you will see a difference but by then you might need that extra Ram so who knows? Apple currently has the best silicon but lower than average Ram and it runs just fine, even better than Android year over year. So which one is best future proofed is anybody's guess... except that the price difference guarantees that the Air is the smarter move. The iPad Pro has 120hz screen, Air has the finger sensor, Pro has the better speakers, Air has the better Neural Engine, Pro has the lidar and wide angle camera. There are more nit picky differences... and they don't matter. If you are on the fence, the iPad Air 4 is the clear winner. Basically the iPad Air 4 is an iPad Pro 2018, with a significantly better processor than the iPad Pro 2020...
A14 Is just Marketing Gimmick Bro.They Are Just trying to flex by Saying that it's bla bla So All People Who Wouldn't Buy Ipad pro would just Go and Buy Air Saying it has A14 😆😆😆   No body is talking about RAM or Face Id  And Most of the Ipad pro 11 covers are not gonna Work as Touch Id Can't be used with those . Apple is Good at Marketing ..and More Accessories sold 😆😆😆 Most Will buy 256gb as base is 64gb is  Shit 😶 high time they should remove it   But Definitely if rumors are true new Ipad pros or Just Pro Will Release in Q1 2021 with Mini LED 14X Bla Bla   Never Ending Saga
So I'm a photographer and was looking at purchasing an iPad Pro + Apple Pencil so I could edit my images on them with Adobe Lightroom Mobile and photoshop. But looking at this, I think I might go with the iPad Air. I don't know much about specs, but is this adequate for what I am needing for it to do?
Bro air also has 120 hz, go and search google
iPad Pro 2020 is best
3:37 end of the video for me I would love to pay an extra 100$ for that 120hz display in any of the cheaper ipads like the mini or air. Sed lyf
Does anyone know how much ram the new iPad Air have ?
SOO BASICLY IPAD AIR JUST CHEAPER VERSION OF THE IPAD PRO .. simply as that
tldw: Cons: -no 120 hz refresh rate -lower brightness -no faceID -1 single 12mp camera -two speakers only -storage: 64GB or 256GB onli  Pros: -latest microprocessor (dunno if better) -accessories for ipad pro works in ipad air -cheaper?  they lost me at the storage size, 128GB is probably the best middle ground for me but apple just want me to waste money on a 64GB or lose money on 256GB. would rather buy a galaxy tab. The stylus comes with it anyway.
Yeah... this guy doesn't know what he's talking about. The A12Z is the second 'Pro' version of the 12, with 8 cores. The A14 is a basic A-series chip with 6 cores that will be in cheaper iPads and all current iPhones. I'll bet that the A12Z will still be more powerful than the A14, because dont let the 12 in A12Z fool you - The chip is not old at all - it was released in March!!! I really don't think that the 6 months newer basic A-series chip will be faster than the PRO chip with more cores.
I wonder how Touch ID will work on that small power button button ? our finger is much larger or it will only scan part of the finger ?
Touch id, made in Samsung lol.
The Air just used the old body of the Pro just adding more colors and touch id on the power button. Expect the Pro to have the same colors and touch id in the future
let’s admit it. iPad Air 4 is just the iPad Pro 1st Gen but tweaked 🤪 i still love apple tho hahahahaha
Damn you apple, judge base on the colour they gave ipad air 4.
imagine using a case 💀
2% of people who are watching this comment, I wish their parents still alive for more than 100 year God bless you
I was planning to get the 2020 iPad Pro but imma wait for the iPad Pro 2021.
I ordered the 2020 pro. I mainly use Procreate and that app limits canvas sizes and layers to the amount of RAM on the iPad. Now that Proceate can utilize 6gb of ram, it was time to make sacrifices on my budget. Artists that work on print-size canvases will likely opt into the pro while casual and non-print artists may go for the basic ipad or ipad air. If the new Air has at least 4GB of RAM like the older ipad pros, that would be plenty sufficient for making art and comics for print. As of the making of this comment, there's no ram mention.  As far as processors go, the 6th gen iPad is plenty snappy and lag-free for sketches and drawings that don't require 20+ layers of masks, textures and effects. The 8th gen will run just fine, and all the early-gen iPad pros still work for art as great as the 2020 models. Choosing between the new air and 2020 pro (i bet a new one will be announced soon) as an illustrator just comes down to factoring price, storage, and RAM. Not so much the processor.
The iPad air is going to have the same amount of speakers 🔊 overall
Its like the iPhone Xr/11 of the ipads
What about RAM of iPad Air 2020?
Does the front facing True Depth Camera on the iPad Pro provide any benefit vs the FaceTime HD on the new iPad Air for Video conference calling such as a Zoom call?
I love that t shirt. Where did you buy it?
Thanks for making this video. I’m contemplating on this myself.
Hey hi I am from India And iPad pro will be pro because it made for proffisinols it has octa core Prosser and in air it's hexa core and iPad pro has 6 gb of RAM  but in air of course not 6 gb pro will be pro
Ngl, the $200 savings isn’t enough to go for the air imo. The pro is still really fast (I know since my brother has one and it is SILKY SMOOTH). The compromises it has just don’t make it seem worth it. $550 or $500 would make it more appealing. It doesn’t even have 120hz...
Why does apple do this? I just bought the iPad Pro with the magic keyboard for school two weeks ago. I would have definitely bought the air instead to save some money.
I love addition of fingerprint scanner.
The Apple Circle i got a question is the ipad pro 12.9 inch still a good ipad or is the new ipad air better than the pro
to much Soy
actually, their prices are similar, the new iPad Air is not significantly cheaper than pro, considering its smaller size.
If you are rich enough to buy the new air, you better off just buy a pro.
Would you guys rather buy the IPad Pro 11" (2020) with 128 GB or the IPad Air 4 with 256 GB ? I will use this IPad every day in university and want to use it as a second display at home. Thanks for help!
Please do a comparison video of the 2020 iPad Air vs 2018 iPad Pro and the Watch SE vs Series 5 for us mere mortals who could only afford the previous year’s “flagship” devices lol 🙏🙏🙏
I dicided to buy one
I don’t think extra flexibility with the iPad Pro is a good thing if you know what I mean
Is the IPad Air able to be a second display for a windows pc aswell?
iPad Air 4 please
The iPad Air also has 4 speakers
Do you guys think it’s a good idea to get the iPad Air 2020 as an “upgrade” from the IPad Pro 10.5? Not sure how big the difference will be without the Promotion. I’m really not a power user and I love the design of the Pros but for me they’re a bit too expensive considering what I do with the device.
iPads need to have a (PRODUCT) Red color option.
iPad Pro better lets be honest who’s going to buy a 2 second difference and downgrade
Now I’m torn on whether to buy the iPad pro or the iPad air 😔
I bought ipad pro 2020 about 3 months ago.  If the processor of ipad air 2020 is better, I would be sorry.
I buying iPad air 4 128gb . For next month . Nice video
It has 4 speakers ipad air is like the pro in sound!
Guys please help  Which one is more powerful A14 or A12Z.?
OMG FINALLY, THATS MY QUESTION ALL OVER THE TIMEEEE
Yes, i always wanted an ipad with full display like ipad pro but with the lower price. I think this is pretty good.
Tell us only video about a12z vs a14. Collect more information then you say
Thanks Man 🇮🇳For sharing the Important information
I literally just bought the 2020 pro 11" like 3 days ago oof.. at least i got a discount on airpods?
Hey guys I am conflicted between the IPad Pro and IPad Air I wanted the Pro mainly for my artwork. Which one would you guys recommend for art?
I wish they would have just went with 11 inches instead of 10.9, what a tease lol. But I’m interested, since I don’t care for the camera either way. I barely use it on very old iPad.
if i win a gaming tournaments i am gonna buy it
The a14 is like 10% more powerful than the a13. Meaning for a lot of a things the a12z with more cache, more cores and more graphical cores is gonna be doing just fine over the air. It will loose out on single core but I don't expect it to be beat in a lot of other areas
I literally just bought the Ipad pro a week ago :/
Alright guys I have 3 options iPad 8th gen, Ipad air 4th gen or Ipad pro help me out
Had they kept the 128 GB, Air would have been a no brainer, and even they know that. Happy at least they got the USB-C, powerful CPU and Apple Pencil 2 support, at least appears future proofed for 4 years.. Maybe a good idea to go for 256GB but that's only $150 cheaper..
Nothing beats tab s7+ that's what i am getting!
USB-C drive or peripheral expansion to both models!
4:04 the Touch ID is also built into the power button of the MacBook Pro and air
iPad Pro has 8 cores. iPad Air has 6.
I wonder how battery life compares...
In my opinion A14 definitely is going to be more powerful, as it has more transitory than any previous chip.
The blue and green iPads look stunning docked on the magic keyboard
IPad Pro is king and still remains that why iPad Air for me will just be a downgrade
ipad air or tab s7
Isnt the 120hz kind of a huge thing for the ipad pro!!!??? I Think i will still go for the pro
Damn your voice is so annoying. Definitely not a radio voice. Try not screaming.
But in the images from the Apple store, the ipad air have 4 speakers, is that a lie? Or they are just going to use 2 of 4?
iPad pro 12.9
Help me pls.Should i buy ps5 or ipad air 4.Buying in March.Ireally oike ipad air4 but ps5 has many games i love and i can play with friends .Im lost.
Nice video!
64 gb base for 600?! What a slap to my face. GTFO here
Blue Ipad Air
11:30 “the 8th gen packs more features than ever before” Reality: the only known change is a12 cpu      Wow...feature packed
Air for me!
120hz /4 speaker /camera better/ 6gb ram /multicore? 750$ and 900$ I go iPad Pro
i was just looking for this
Only Pro-version for sure. Sound just way better on the Pro. And 12.9” only way to go ! I have both, Air and Pro. In such comparison, Pro definitely the winner with no doubt.
I love how USB-C allows iPads to use multi port adapters. Am I the only one who’d like one with an HDMI input? I’m considering a portable monitor, but the iPad should fill that need too. I can’t imagine it would be all that difficult.
I wonder if the I pad air is good for digital art...
What is the ram capacity in the new air ?
In the trailer released later in the day, you can see that the new Air has 4 speakers
I want ipad mini😅
iPad air
I wish the iPad Air had a normal gold too. That would look so nice.
I was really hoping it would have 120 htz😔
The A14 is not more powerful than the A12z ... You have to be kidding me. Stop spreading misinformation
I wish there was a purple colour ; - ;
ipad air 2020= ipad pro mini
The A14 should not be faster then the A12Z. Its an 8 core CPU and GPU vs 6 core CPU and 4 core GPU. On top of that how embarrassing would it be for Apples flagship "Pro" devices to be slower then the "Air" line that would be the biggest troll on apples end.
Me: decided I want an iPad instead of a laptop for college, and that the iPad pro is the best route.  *Apple drops new iPad*  Me: I am confusion.
I'll be using it mostly for pro create & other graphic app stuff, also want to do some simple video editing. What should i get? Pro or air??? Help.
I like this new iPad Air just because the new colour especially the sky blue is so attractive. However the others are really make me disappointing. You can pay a little more (during the education promotion - you can get a free AirPods when you buy the pro) for a iPad Pro 2020 with Face ID, 120hz screen, amazing camera, and LiDAR. Looks a much better deal.
Apple is far behind Samsung in software and capability.
so $749 air 4 256G or pro $899 256G？for play PUBG only
Whats the point of the ipad pro now lmao, apple useless. Tryna tell me a pro has a worst process than the new air? whack......
would there be a good deal for the ipad pro 11in. on black friday？
Don't you think that iPhone needs Fingerprint sensor? Especially during this mask season.?
the smooth frame rate part really turned me off. I loved that about my bro's ipad pro. :( hopefully it's not too different
There should be an iPad with 512g and touch id. For that reason, I will wait and hope that they bring touch id on iPad pro. Face Id is not for everyone and I think Apple should give both options.
I wouldn’t get anyone of them, I’ll wait for iPad Pro 2021. I’m still happy with the 10.5” iPad Pro, the big technology I’m waiting for is an OLED display but l can potentially be swayed by an A14X and some other cool features
Honestly, I cannot see how can iPad Air compare to the iPad Pro 2020. The iPad Air might have the new A14 chip which might be better in single core but the A12z will still beat the A14 in multicore an GPU performance. Still, both need to be tested side by side for a fair comparison. Other than that iPad Pro is excelling in everything else.. 120 HZ display, screen size, camera, 600 nits brighter display, storage. So, the question now is not whether to go for for Ipad Pro or iPad Air, it is whether to buy the iPad Pro now or wait till Q1 2021 for a new upgrade in the iPad Pro with the A14 processor.
Buying green asap!
iPad Air for me
Pro all the way
Ok I’m getting the ipad pro for drawing & gaming! 120hz and quad speaker is worth the price difference~
Do you know the release date for the wifi only version
Here in Australia I can get 2018 ipad pro brand new for the same price as the new ipad air 4. What should I do? Get an ipad pro for 120hz display and better speakers or should get new ipad air for better software support. (Performance is not a big issue here as a12x is more than capable for my needs)
You are so on point... this was literally-literally the video I was looking for immediately after the event!
Is it just me or are the bezels on the iPad Air noticeably thicker than that of the iPad Pro 11"?
A14 :  2 high end CPU core & 4 mid range CPU core / 4 GPU Core  A12Z : "4 high end CPU core"  & 4 mid range CPU core /  "8 GPU core !!!"  And almost everyone said a14 will beat A12Z Lollll 😂😂😂  FI : thats A12Z !! Not the A12 Lmaooo
iPad Air or pro! I really can’t decide. If I go pro they’ll no doubt bring out a new model!
iPad Pro now have free AirPods
Why no one talks about how much ipad is having?
Just cancelled my pre-order for iPad Pro in exchange for the Air right when they were processing it :)
Can we watch 4K YouTube videos on this IPAD AIR ....that’s it that’s the question 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺
I’ve been using the iPad Air 2 so the air 4 in that green is a must especially for my second year in college
Imagine ur son talking in his tune all the time, i would kill myself
I have iPad Pro 12.9 2018 do you think iPad Air is a good option. Considering a14 is faster than a12z?
iPad Air is cool but Im in love with 120hz
Hey, can someone help me out? I’m gonna buy an iPad for uni but don’t really know which one to go for. Bcs I get a student discount I can get the iPad pro 11inch for €130,21 more (+ free airpods, don’t necessarily need that) than the iPad air. What do you think I should get? I don’t mind about a better camera. But idk what all the other specifications mean😂😅 Please help hahaha I need advice.
Based on your budget and need. Ipad pro is like a limousin and ipad air is a nice daily car.    I'm mpre ipad air. Im not a pro, just a casual user.
I'm getting the Air.
I can’t decide so I think I’m going to buy both lol
When I did a test vs my iPhone 11 Pro Max with it a13 chip vs my iPad Pro a12z my iPad Pro won because it beat it because it had more mulitcores
The iPad Pro got a 120hz refresh rate better camera it has the lidar sensor and got a bigger screen if you choose it it has a brighter screen  And they didn’t mention ram the iPad Air has
no face id is literally holding me back 😩
iPad and iPad pro had sex = iPad Air
I think Apple missed the mark on their price.  Unlike the 11 vs Pro, you’re giving up a lot more for that $200 price difference with the air.  I LOVE the green color though!
I planned to buy the iPad Pro 11” just for hardware and how it looks, but now I really want the iPad Air because is the same as the Pro for $200 less, I think I’m going with the Air. (I have 1rst generation iPad Pro since it came) but I really want the upgraded hardware lol
ipad pro. my finger print doesn’t register on touch id. face id is a must for me
64 gb in 2020 at $599 for the base air is pretty terrible lets be real.
A14 has better single core performance but for multithread pro still better.
Very good video,saves me a lot of time,but probably i will continue use my 2018 iPad pro wait for next the year iPad upgrade with more powerful chips like this new iPad air dose,sorry Apple😛
It’s like my iPhone XR
1:29 shows 2 speakers on USB-C side,  maybe 2 more on the power button side (since they said it’s stereo speakers now)..i think the new air has 4 speakers in total.
I think apple is going to kill off the 11 inch iPad Pro.
No way apple would outdo ipad pro with the ipad air this means even faster ipad pros coming next year
I don’t get the fascination with the colour of these. They’re all gonna be covered in a case anyways lol
As long as full featured excel is not available ...accordingly we will not buy any iPad period
I get ipad pro.... I don’t regret it. But sky blue!? Touch id!!!! OMG ;-;
Blah blah blah..yea..whatever..apple will eventually release a more powerful pro..
Sky Blue looks the best.
Gonna get the Blue one, cause it’s my favorite color. By the way, can someone tell me are the speakers different on the Air and the Pro?
Wish it came in 128 gb 64 gb in 2020 in terrible 😪
That's what I planned and it worked. Yesterday, I bought online an iPad pro 110 on dollars discount & AirPods from the Apple store with back to school promotion to see if I can return this iPad pro if there is a significant price and characteristics difference between the new iPad Air and iPad pro. I think Pro will be the way to go and I am not canceling my order
I'll go with the iPad 8.
The colors are pretty... but once you put it in a case you don’t see that anyway.  I’ve been waiting six months for the announcement.  The only thing that could push me to the pro is storage. Waiting to see the side by side.
Well the ipad air dropped some easter eggs for the iphone 12, the touch id
I see what there doing lol, I’ll wait till they update the pro
No way that the A14 mounted into the Air 4, can be faster than the A12X/Z when it comes to multicore and GPU. No way!
Blah, blah, blah.  A few simple questions.  Has the camera been improved?  Does it handle low light significantly better than its predecessors?  Faster and more high quality lens?  And has Apple bothered to create a digital zoom that doesn’t make your photos look like irresolute paste in lower light?  Has Apple bothered to create some actual new and exciting capabilities to iMovie?  Or is it the same program that it’s been for over a decade?  I’ve been buying iPads for years and the improvements as far as these things go have been minimal.  Perhaps the majority of users don’t care about any of this.  Why not make a Cinema Pro version of the iPad that have dramatic improvements in these areas?  I would buy this and I think a lot of people would.  Real improvements, not technical mumbo jumbo.
they list face id on the air though? you seem to insinuate that it isnt there.
You think the price of the pro will drop after the release of a new ipad of not?
Tab s7 plus for me 😈
i plan on getting the sky 🌌 blue iPad air!!! so excited that all the rumors were true!!!!
No 120 MHz refresh rate no buy
This is great, but they just cannibalized their Proline 😒
I bought the iPad Pro and I’m happy with it I don’t need a smaller screen or colored back
I bought the 2018 12.9 ipad pro refurbished through Amazon specificallyfor my artwork. Brand new battery, flawless condition, new apple issued charger for 715 bucks and I dont regret it. I absolutely needed the larger screen since I'm 6'4 with big hands.
I dont even think it is a competition. Even with 256 GB there is lees than a 100$ price difference. The I pad pro is the best choice for the money.
How much RAM does the new iPad air have?
ipad pro 12.9 or the ipad air? I know the size difference but is it worth 335 €?
I’m getting an iPad Pro for Christmas
Ipad pros have 6 gb ram. Anyone know how much ram in the ipad air 4?
I was ready to buy this one but now I am not so sure
It’s so crazy I was actually gonna buy a IPad Pro today, and now, SKY BLUE IPAD AIR HERE I COME 🤧😍
It doesn’t have a promotion
I was about to buy ipad pro, i would like to buy ipad that is fast and good for designing like sketching and drawing. Which one you think is good?
Gonna wait for 2021 ipad pro
If anything, just wait til early next year when the new iPad Pro 2021 comes out. The a14x will kill and even if you don’t want that, the 2020 pro will go down in price
Imagine having the air and the pro mixed together, like the pro with the really nice colours
Price increase of the iPad air 4 makes it irrelevant now in comparaison to ipad pro or is it just me
I ordered an iPad Pro 12.9 on Sunday and now this comes out SMH. Im still stoked though.
iPad air, especially with education pricing
You didn't mention one of the most important features on the iPad Air, front-facing camera (1080p)!
I think that they will release a new iPad Pro within 2-3 months and that’s going to be the best choice  And I hate Touch ID and love Face ID
I saw the ad for the iPad Air and ngl... it was one of the first ads I actually paid attention to lmao now i really want it... wats the price? I’ll have to ask my wallet again lol
Would someone PLEASE mention how many GB ram each have ???i know 6gb on ipad pro with A12z but the A14 wont make as much difference if there is less RAM??Anyone???I cannot find Ipad Air ram specs anywhere ...
I just hate the fact that is not 12.9 inch
A14 can’t beat a12z, think about a10x vs a12, and Apple didn’t mention GPU performance on A14, u know why
I think Apple just cannibalized their ipad pro consumers so they now are likely to want the ipad air. The ipad air tablet is the kind of tablet where probably 60% or more of the ipad pro market is now. All I can say now is Apple better make their new ipad pro 2021 darn close to that Microsoft surface pro X and surface pro 7 other wise people will only buy everything else other than the ipad pro 2021. If that ipad pro 2021 can really do xcode and 4k/5k video editing and basically do everything the the macbook can do or MacBook pro can do then maybe the ipad pro can still exist in its desired existence to the customer.
Please god Apple get rid of Face ID on every device... Touch ID is farrrr superior dear god
Hey there   i have a question ,  i wanna buy an ipad pro but i'm alittle bit confused if i should buy the  2020 version or wait for the 2021 version because according to the rumors and leakes , the 2021 version would come with new type of display and the new A14 X  and when is the new ipad pro gonna released  , so what do you think guys , i would be greatful if i had your perspectives
That sky blue iPad Air 🤩❤️
Touch ID!! I love and miss you..
i didn’t even know it had a apple air😂😂
I literally just got this iPad Pro
Just ordered the 12.9 iPad Pro last Friday. It’ll be at Best Buy for me this weekend! No regrets and this air can’t touch it!! The air and it’s colors are great for day care and the kiddies. For you pros, you know what to do
Although A14 may be more "advanced" so to speak, in terms of raw performance A12Z still seems like it should be surperior. Apple stated in the event we would see about 40 percent increase in A14 compared to old iPad Air 3 with A12, and A12Z blows that comparison out of the water with nearly 2x the performance of the A12 in practice. Obviously details will be seen when people test it hands on and that comparison could be Apple playing safe but I would still bet the A12Z still wins out in multi core with it's 4 performance cores compared to the 2 in the A14, but not in single core, as we have seen with A13 vs A12Z comparisons.
Fantastic video, thanks! I am going with the ipad pro since it is just a 200€ difference and you get the high end product. Although the new ipad air is a great product as well..
If A14 is going to be better (not clear) then why does Apple says “This is by far the most powerful iPad Air ever.”. It took my attention.
face id is pointless now since masked are mandatory. Touch ID lives on
It is just me or does anyone find the air bezzles a little thicker than the pro? Nd air is also .2 mm thicker in thickness. And doesn’t have studio quality mics.  Might help in consolation for the pro users like me🤣
Awesome video! Love it.✨
It would be like cheating on us if they introduce a pro and an air in the same year but give a more powerful processor in the air.  Its unfair.  Like why did we spend so much if the cheaper one is the better one
I got the iPad Pro 2020 11” 2-3 months ago, I don’t regret it.
iPad Pro is better
I getting the iPad pro
Im still undecided.I have the option to get either one and really dont know. This screams first one problems but i really hate how the magic keyboard doesn't fit the camera right, but can yall help me decide?
So with the 11” Pro (£769 base) vs iPad Air (£579), what does an extra £190 get you.  -Slightly larger screen -Face ID -Quad Speakers (not Dual) -120Hz Promotion Display -Double the storage -Better cameras -Better microphones -Thinner device -Brighter screen -LiDAR -Probably similar chip performance A14/A12Z (the A12Z will likely be better for multi-tasking)
iPad god
The air also doesn't have a flash, it’s marginally thicker (6.1mm vs 5.9mm) and the bezzels are a little larger
A fantastic job with this video! Thank you!
i literally just ordered an ipad pro a week ago
Not gonna lie, the new air is looking tempting. Thinking about switching from iPad Pro 2018.... 🙊 Edit: A14 might be a better trade off than pro motion....
I'm all over that Green iPad Air!
