Republican representative Andrew Clyde: "Just a normal tourist visit"
They must’ve thought their cousins were in there 😂
lies
I Like To Say      We Want Trump    ,   We Want Trump !!!                               Long Live President Donald Trump  The True President Of The United States.
Majority of of rioters charged in this attack aren't in jail at the moment according to Yahoo. Of course not, they're white 🙄
Stop calling them Trump supporters! They are AMERICANS that know an election was stolen! People are sick and tired of the democrats and all of their corruption and nothing ever changes! Just look at Hunter and Joe Biden and all the laws they break and they are never held accountable! They are just 2 of the criminals that seem to get away with anything they do! Obama spied on the Trump administration and what they did to Michael Flynn is absolutely disgusting! But the mainstream media and social media never report the truth!
Don’t complain about BLM ever again🤣
Man if all of that trump supporter brain cell combine i will olny make a brain of a cockroach
IMPEACH BIDEN
i wish more federal agents and government employees were killed. all government is bad government!
Joe Kernen was probably there punk
Trump 4Ever!
Total lie.
They were like this cuz of Biden so it's Biden fault the fact that y'all Biden supporters can't handle the truth which is sad
i like how people think this is how u get what u want.
Saying trump invited violence is like saying. Lawmakers that allow people to drive cars   Are guilty as people die from car accidents  Did trump say let's be violent no He only said let's to capitol  Let's drive cars does it mean they want people to die from car accidents   According to their reasoning yes   Trump did not invite any violence   Let's be careful as re 21 8 all liars their part shall be in lake of fire
We shouldve raided area 51 like this
They had a breach of civilization and democracy.  What's interesting is not one shot fired. But they fired 6 shots into an innocent woman asleep in her own apartment. Quite repulsive.
Like everything Trump did, even his insurrection is lame
As Loki once said, "I need to get off this planet."
Saw it coming.  And see something else cono6 on the 20th
Want the TRUTH? Watch this video. Especially at 3:45. https://youtu.be/VwvnqLy7ybk
News flash: Those brave Americans tired and feed of the vipers in the captial crowd in the captial , appears antefa leads the way.
Im late but I have to  People on Reddit:dont trust the media  The media:virus outbreak but not that bad  Redditors:omg big scary virus
Funny watching the capital breachers walking around a parked bicycle. Antifa would have picked it up and used it as a weapon.
0:93 I generate 175 a day as a result of  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
This is so sad. Donald Trump is using American's to be his sword  He does not care about those his supporters breaking the law and reaching the summit. He his only doing this for himself! He does not care about them! I could have been them. I could have been there if I was vulnerable in my belief at that right specific time. I will be clear l. I do not blame  those who attacked the Senate. I only blane Donald Trump.
Where is General Zod ?
Im don't support that p off s trump but we was there and what i see was the antifa braking and pushing the protesters some have guns at that time i say no way some people are manipulating this too make worse and in my way out was this group looking like undercover insisting in don't go back even one grab my arms when y look at him other from the same group say live him we have enough and i lave
*Republicans are working overtime trying to justify what Trump meant when he sent people to the capital to "protest peacefully". They are obviously in denial. It doesn't matter that he specifically said "we have to fight like hell". No...for them, Trump would actually have to say "I am sending people to attack the capital" verbatim for them to accept the facts...and even then some would find some other pathetic excuse about what he really meant... Its sad that they are fighting so hard for a man who wouldnt even stand by their side at the very same "protest" he sent them into. If it was just a "protest" why didn't he bother to show up? (He clearly said he would be there) Why didnt he stand by his strongest supporters in the most pivotal moment?? Its like he put his supporters on the frontline of the battle and just watched their causalities from the comfort of his bunker. Most deceiving...most unloyal...most opportunist President ever!*
“Oh my gosh this is terrible! Could somebody please...find Ja Rule so I could make sense of all this! Where is Ja?! I need Ja Rule!”   https://youtu.be/Mo-ddYhXAZc
at this point, trump cares more about power than the greater good of our country.
Make America great again !! This just the beginning
Is this America being great again? They've turned into a cheap version of ISIS !
So many Inbreds..Trump was right when he called them "special"
Perhaps the "lack of security" was planned ? Hmmm. Perhaps Agent  Provocateurs were used as ring leaders. Perhaps you are being  played.Truth is stranger than fiction.
white people be  craaaaaaazyyyyyy
This was antifa plus why would they pull mike pence if they were trump supporters
Antifa disguising as Trump supporters
Its not necessarily Trump Supporters, Its people that see the Democratic party for the disease that they are. Including CNBC BTW...
Its so funny no one did anything about the blm burning everything down.
One thing Americans need to realize is not everyone that voted for Trump is a bad person many many of our police and military voted for Trump. My son is currently in DC to defend the capital he is a conservative a Trump supporter, how i ironic that he is there to protect the very ones that bad mouth him.
Obama and the rest of the world are disappointed...
So when people fight for democracy and freedom in other counties the US say "it's ok", but when the Americans fight for their rights, liberty and justice in the USA, the establishment says "It's not OK"? Really? This is the true hypocritical face of the US establishment.
Trump!!!!!  🤘🤘😝😝
Looks like a super spreader event
Hmmm I think he ordered it
You can not be more wrong.  This is exactly what needs to happen.  They all need to be thrown out and  over the balcony.  The most embarrassing and most disgusting  thing is what is inside the capital of our country.  We need to clean it out and quickly.
MAGA are people who cant think for themselves. They have some do that for them. What a bunch of idiots. These far right terrorist are not patriotic. They have no respect for our capitol and freedom.
Barricades were let open by capital police...! This speaks to the mountain of lies to oppress  people with their new world agenda....!
Looked like a scene out of "Olympus has fallen" without the shooting and explosions. This just gave them the "Go ahead" and confidence to do it again. This won't be the last time these terrorist do this....lets see how this ages. They are planning at this very moment because now they know they will get the red carpet rolled out for them.
ANTIFA wore Trump gear broke in the crowd followed and you fell for it
Randy marsh 'this is america'.
What can I say what a good start were having 2021 😁😁😁😁👍      Oh we're all doomed  💩💩💩💩☠️☠️☠️🌍🔥🔥🔥🔥
same thing happened in hong kong last year, nancy said the people were fighting  for freedom and peaceful, it was most beautiful scene in the world, now it is your turn and you said they are rioters, why?
I can’t believe people think this is a peaceful protest. It’s not peaceful when people are dying.
Your wrong lady..just wait more videos coming...gonna eat crow
They committed. the act and will face the consequences and the instigator was safety inside the WH
President* Trump, say it right you commies
Only charging thugish #trump #maniacs with THEFT OF PUBLIC PROPERTY??? SHOULDN'T IT BE THEFT OF GOVERNMENT PROPERTY, HELL THEY  STOLE 5+ LAB TOPS !!!😤😤😤😤😤 YALL SOFT ON THE #TRUMP #RIOTERS #THUGS #THIEVES #GOVERMENT  #PROPERTY #DISTROYED #LIGHTHANDLINGUSATERRORIST #rip2the5peopleWHOdied@capital
I hate Americans
Part of the appropriate punishment for these people should be the loss of the right to vote for lifetime.
Security opened the gates, there was no breach. ViacomCBS, Disney and Comcast are owned by Democrats. Fox (owned by an Australian) and AT&T are in the  middle, contributing donations half/half to both parties. The math works to 80% of all USA media (news, movies, tv etc) is owned by the Democrats. For example, Jimmy Kimmel show is Democrat owned and flipped to become non-stop anti-Trump since Trump announced running. No opinion was stated in this comment, only facts.
2021 is starting off bad isn’t it
It's only 8 days into 2021 and it's already gone to hell
Bunch of clowns ttumpie supporters
GTA 6 trailer
American people just showed the world how easy it is to overtake it the lady
What is happening in America? Why are the supporters doing this? Can someone please explain?
Change their skin colour to black and see what happens
They specifically said that they found a bomb to put the opposition in prison!Where is democracy, freedom of speech?!!!!!
Trump & his liar, plotter media prevail terrorists.
God blessed america lol
BREAKING NEWS: The US has invaded US to spread democracy
Say Her Name!!.... Ashli Babbit.... murdered by DC police
"Some basic ass psuedo deep quote literally anyone can say" -famous historical charecter
Anyone else googled why its called ‘Capitol’ and not Capital???  Noone?  Okay just me 😳
And another day on and Trump has now disowned this mob. The same mob that hours earlier he said he loved...
Oh no, the overlords have been disturbed! Now it matters huh? The ruling class get a tiny taste of what us nobody's live with.
Next step of your career. Guantanamo. 👍 The world is laughing at you.
Covid 19 does not exist in the US
THE NEW Gta graaphics look very good
I'd breach her barricade, if you know what I am saying.
This is just like,  The Purge Anarchy 👹
If the protestors are Black  we might see too many dead protestors killed by police  !!
ANTIFA breeched barricades. And the barricades weren’t breeched, they were OPENED and LET IN, and it’s all on video.
Did they ever find pipe bombs at BLM protest?Hmmm
I guarantee you guys these straight males would make love with trump if he said it.
How can those creatures survive? They do not work and do nothing in society! When I look at these creatures. Most Trump fans (and thus the US Republicans) look unkempt, men wear Taliban beards, are fat, and bawl. The women too, by the way (only that they don't wear beards). Greetings from Germany!
How many black people died ?
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Dont be surprised once the police start shooting.
Republican rioters are better then BLM rioters, they stormed the capital in one day  *change my mind*
That's sick.
Civil War!
Corona virus be like: am i a joke to you?
I thought this was Area 51 they were doing this too?
We witnessed white ppl rise up against the government because they feel the oppression black ppl been complaining about. That demonstration was meant to expose the infiltration of white nationalist within government as a demonstration of power. White nationalist showed all the non-white government staff just who’s who and how on code white ppl are. We watched these protesters be ushered in and watched them taking selfie’s with the police. Now no one knows nothing and no ones responsible. FBI asking for help identify these protesters when most of them are on Twitter. Wake up black ppl how many times this government has to show us we have no Allies...
Isn't there any guards?  Why didn't they shoot?  Hello?
Trump made America a shithole not great again ! Am sure if this guy was president in  the 30s he would have joined Hitler!
Wow I wouldn't want to be a president now they going to have to deal with this their whole presidency like the impeachment
This is a time that I'm thankful to live in Canada,   But trudeau is an idiot honestly 🙄
I).  The USA PRESIDENTIAL TEAM:  The Highest Office in The USA, is The Oval Office, located at The Whitehouse, in The Nation's Capital, Washington, D.C.  The USA President's Office is The Oval Office, and The USA Vice President's Office is Close-by, in The White House.  The President's Executive Office, is in another Building, close to The Whitehouse.  The Presidential Team, of The President and The Vice President, is The Highest Office in The USA, and President's Cabinet Work together at The Oval Office.  II).  The Responsibilities of The USA PRESIDENT include: Chief of State, Chief of Excutive, Legislative Power, Chief Diplomat, Commander-In-Chief, Chief of Party, and Guardian of our Economy.  The USA PRESIDENT'S SALARY INCLUDES: Yearly $400,000; Expense Account $50,000; Non-Taxable Travel Allowance $100,000; Entertainment Expense $19,000.  In ADDITION, The President's Family lives in The Whitehouse; Food & Drinks at The Whitehouse, Recreation Facilities at The Whitehouse, Access to a Country Home; a Personal Plane; a Helicopter; Secret Service Protection for The Family, and a Post-Presidential Life-Time Pension ( $205,700, or $207,800, etc ...)  III).  The Responsibilities of The USA VICE PRESIDENT include:  to Preside as The Senate, and to Succeed to The Presidency upon the Death, or Resignation of a President.  The Vice President is allowed to Vote on Legislation to Break-A-Tie.  Most of the Tie-Breaking Votes have been on Legislative Concerns, Election of Senate Officers, or Committees Selection.  The USA VICE PRESIDENT'S SALARY INCLUDES:  Yearly $235,100; Cost of Living Adjustment $100,000 (To Redecorate the House), Food & Drinks at The Whitehouse, Recreation Facilities at The White House, a House at No. 1 Observatory Circle (Close to The Whitehouse), Access to an Airplane, Armored Car & Secret Service Protection for The Family.  IV).  PAST HISTORY CANNOT BE CHANGED (From 2009 To 2012):  From 2009 To 2012, for 4 years (48 months) The Former 2 Terms Vice President JOE BIDEN & President BARRACK OBAMA have FROZEN ALL SOCIAL SECURITY INCOMES for ALL American Recipients of ALL Ages, Types, Amounts & Reasons, in The USA and ABROAD.  This National Action has CAUSED many, many Family Units to SUFFER from FINANCIAL HARDSHIPS, EACH DAY, to PAY for their DAILY COST of LIVING EXPENSES such as:  HOUSING, TRANSPORTATION, FOOD & DRINKS, CLOTHING, INSURANCES, HEALTH, CHILDREN EXPENSES, etc ....  Although The OBAMA & BIDEN TEAM has been able to Maintain a 2 Terms (8 years) Presidential Team, From 2009 To 2016, V.P. BIDEN has NOT been Selected for USA PRESIDENCY (From 2017 - To 2020). The PRESIDENTIAL TEAM of DONALD J. TRUMP & MICHAEL R. PENCE WON The 11/03/2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.   V).  11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION CHALLENGER, JOE R. BIDEN: COMMITTED THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT With ILLEGAL VOTES:  During the 11/03/2020, USA PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, MASSIVE ILLEGAL VOTES CREATED By THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT have been COMMITTED, and OBSERVED on SECURITY CAMERAS, VIDEO RECORDINGS, SNAPSHOTS (PHOTOS),  WITNESSES, etc ... so that, JOE BIDEN WON, by DISHONESTY of VOTES.  This has OCCURRED because JOE BIDEN, at his AGE of 78 years, is Aesthetically Pleasing, and GOOD LOOKING (SIGN LANGUAGE).  Therefore, Americans who want SEXUAL RELATIONS, will VOTE for Joe Biden, in ADDITION to MASSIVE FRAUDULENT VOTES, COMMITTED for Joe Biden to win.  THEREFORE, JOE BIDEN is NOT The AMERICAN PEOPLES' CHOICE , for USA PRESIDENT for (2021 -2025).  VI).  11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION INCUMBENT, DONALD J. TRUMP at his AGE of 74 years  is OVERWEIGHT (SIGN LANGUAGE), even though he is 4 years Younger than CHALLENGER, JOE BIDEN. HOWEVER, PRESIDENT TRUMP is an ECONOMICS Major, and has a GOLDEN HEART to FINANCIALLY SUPPORT EACH American Family Unit with STIMULUS PAYMENTS, to PAY for our DAILY COST of LIVING EXPENSES of HOUSING, TRANSPORTATION, FOOD & DRINKS, CLOTHING, INSURANCES, HEALTH, CHILDREN EXPENSES, etc .... PRESIDENT TRUMP has APPROVED & SIGNED many Times, TRILLIONS of USA DOLLARS to be DISTRIBUTED to Americans, by The US TREASURY DEPARTMENT, which have been Recorded by VIDEO CAMERAS, SNAPSHOTS, WITNESSES, etc ... Thanks very much !    PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP is our AMERICAN PEOPLES' CHOICE, for USA PRESIDENT (2021 - 2025).  HOWEVER, PRESIDENT TRUMP'S PRESIDENTIAL VOTES have been REDUCED by CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES of MASSIVE THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT, to make him a LOSER for The 11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.   VII). According to RECORDED EVIDENCES of CAMERAS, VIDEO RECORDINGS, GLOBAL WITNESSES on The INTERNET, of MASSIVE CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES of THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT of ILLEGAL, INFLATED PRESIDENTIAL VOTES for JOE BIDEN (The Winner), and, THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT, which REDUCED PRESIDENTIAL VOTES, against DONALD TRUMP, during our USA 11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.  Therefore, on 01/06/2021, many, many INNOCENT Americans Families have travelled to our NATION'S CAPITAL, Washington D.C., and also at many Other States, to PEACEFULLY, DEMONSTRATE their SUPPORT for their PEOPLE'S CHOICE of USA PRESIDENT, DONALD JOHN TRUMP, by TRYING to STOP CERTIFICATION of ELECTORAL VOTES, by The Senate, due to MASSIVE THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT committed by JOE BIDEN'S TEAM.   WHEN The SENATE DO NOT RESPOND to The WILL of our AMERICAN PEOPLE, it WILL START RESISTENCES against JOE BIDEN, being USA PRESIDENT for (2021 - 2025).  To-date (01/07/2021) many INNOCENT INDIVIDUALS have been KILLED, INJURED & ARRESTED.  VIII).  IN SUMMARY, Due to MASSIVE CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES of THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT, COMMITTED during our 11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, which INFLATED Presidential VOTES for JOE BIDEN to be The WINNER, and REDUCED VOTES for DONALD TRUMP, to be The LOSER, our 11/03/2021 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION has been DAMAGED & DESTROYED for it's 100% INTEGRITY, of COMPUTERIZED & MANUAL SYSTEMS, which is an ABSOLUTE REQUIREMENT.   IX). WHO is The USA PEOPLE'S CHOICE For USA PRESIDENT (2021 - 2025)?  1).  On 11/03/2020 Presidential Election Day for (2021 - 2025), by COMMITTING THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT on ILLEGAL PRESIDENTIAL VOTES, JOE BIDEN'S VOTES have been INFLATED, to DECLARE him to be The WINNER.  HOWEVER, The American Families have OBJECTED & REJECTED JOE BIDEN to be USA President, from 2021 to 2025 by Peaceful Demonstrations, Riots, etc ... JOE BIDEN is NOT The American Peoples' Choice for USA PRESIDENT (2021 - 2025).     2). On 11/03/2020 Presidential Election Day for (2021 - 2015), by COMMITTING THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT and, STEALING, or OMITTING LEGAL PRESIDENTIAL VOTES from DONALD J. TRUMP, his VOTES have been REDUCED, so that, he is The LOSER. These CRIMINAL ACTIONS against DONALD TRUMP are EVIDENCES that he is NOT The PEOPLE'S CHOICE for USA PRESIDENT from 2021  to 2025.  HOWEVER, DONALD TRUMP'S SUPPORTERS have TRIED to OVERCOME THEFT, FRAUD & PERSONAL IDENTITY THEFT, to OVERTURN 11/03/2020 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION RESULTS, on 11/06/2021 with Peaceful Demonstrations, Riots, etc ...  3).  When the 2 USA PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEES of DONALD TRUMP & JOE BIDEN are NOT The American PEOPLE'S CHOICE for USA PRESIDENT (2021 - 2025), the 2 PRESIDENTIAL TEAMS need to DISCUSS together, if The AMERICAN PEOPLE'S CHOICE For USA PRESIDENT (2021 -2025) should be  ELVIS ARON PRESLEY @ PASTOR BOB JOYCE of The Household of Faith International Ministries Organization, located at Benton, AR., USA.  ELVIS has been our 'King of Rock & Roll Music & Dances (Rock & Roll, Shuffle, Floss, etc ...)', Flaming Star, GOD's Anointed Ornament / Oracle of Praise & Worship, Captain Marvel, Superman, USA 007 Agent, Business Magnet & Tycoon.  Elvis Aron Presley will be needing a USA President Appointment, to be USA President for (2021 - 2025).   ELVIS ARON PRESLEY'S IMMEDIATE FAMILY includes: Half Brother David E. Stanley, Rick Stanley (Deceased 01/07/2009), Half Sister Eliza A. Presley, Daughter, LISA MARIE Keough Cage Jackson Lockwood, Riley Keough, Benjamin Keough (Deceased 07/12/2020), Harper & Finley Lockwood, Ex-Wife Priscilla Ann Beaulieu Stone Garibaldi, Navarone Garibaldi, Ex-Wife Ginger Lita Alden Leyser, Hunter Leyser, Thomas A. Presley, Tim Farrell, Elvis Aron Presley Jr., Diane Presley, Janet Brown (Deceased 11/04/1995), Michael Presley, Christopher MacDonald, Jesse Vernon Presley, and Children of Jesse Garon Presley (Deceased 04/24/2016, Age 81): Grace Presley, Vernon Elvis Presley & Jesse Garon Presley Jr.  Let Us ALL wish Elvis Aron Presley @ Pastor Bob Joyce a very Happy 86th Birthday!  May he have many Happy Returns of his Special Birthday!  Long Live 'The King' (Nickname for being King of Rock & Roll Music and Dances)!.  THANKS very much for ALL your Excellent & Fantastic LEGACY & CULTURE ... Good Luck & Best Wishes ...  "In GOD We Trust" Amen.   GOD'S Glory Forever / Myanmar-A-Hla (The Beauty of Myanmar) Miss Lois Jane Teresa Lee @ Myint Myint Yee [MY] @ Lee Wren Ahar Ngwe (Moonbeams)  PHONE:  (740) 322-3601 eMAIL ADDRESS:  ljtlee003@terpalum.umd.edu, OR, MyanmarAHla@gmail.com MAILING ADDRESS:  P O Box 105, Newark, OH. 43058-0105, USA.  DATE:  01/07/2021 @ 08:15 pm (EST, USA).
I don't condone rioting but from what I've heard most people were peaceful but there was a few that really got dirty with it. Congress is really not good and we need pelosi out of office. Trump didn't help with his message but the american people seem to think the government isn't right. I hope america can become great but for that to happen things have to change.
I’m British so I’m fine, gl Americans I’ll be watching
2020 - the year of satan 2021 - the year of Jesus
☝️🤴👑🇺🇲 GOD IS WITH DONALD TRUMP  EITHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT
good thing I’m scottish.
Crazy that YouTube let this be uploaded 😱😱😈 https://youtu.be/89vI6ttwXb4
I’ve heard countless journalists suggest that the law enforcement presence was insufficient and that law enforcement had been more organized during the BLM protest. This is true and should not be surprising. The vast majority of individuals employed in law enforcement are low skill, low education, and conservative. Why would these folks who support DT and the republican party and detest progressives sufficiently prepare for a violent protest? The vast majority of law enforcement officials are white males who are republicans and so don’t fear a violent outcome. In fact, it is not outside the realm of possibility that if things were driven in the direction that benefits their political stance they might have joined the rioters and criminals.
It was not Trump supporters who did that
These terrorists even put out the "white power" symbol 👌
https://youtu.be/YPq1Q8dU-VE
"Well, I did not see this coming." ~ said no one with their eyes open for the last 12-70 years
Urge una intervención rusa en usa yaaa!!!
Russian and Chinese officials may be happily watching America deteriorating.
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he conquered death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ;  Except a gift can either be accepted or rejected..So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment; don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1432117742/ref=emc_b_5_mob_i
BLM protestors, destroy family businesses and streets. Trump protestors, go only for government buildings. See the difference? One is looting and making senseless destruction of private property and the other goes where its important and no person loses their store, no cars lit on fire, no robberies.
THE POLICE FAILED THE CONGRESS WAS SCARED FOR THEIR LIVES NOBODY POINTS THIS OUT
This is tragic and unacceptable but it wasn't when the left was burning cities. That was peaceful protests right.
Jerry Springer look out!
Time to rise up America. Take back the capitol.
This is great
protesting is not agitating
It's only going too get worse
Facial recognition technology coming to get you insurrectionists... Trump will be long gone and you'll be in jail
Couple things...  1. Im glad i personally know decent white people.   2. THIS is the guy you deemed worthy to hold the nuke codes.
The new China usa trump is in the way of the deep state money and power
I almost forgot it but I think last time I saw a comment that said Trump's supporters liked peace, well..now we can see the real of them 🤣
Mexico: okay, build that wall
"Humans support trump"   "Aliens BRUH ARE YOU STUPID"
Inside job.
As a Brit 🇬🇧 this is hilarious
Snowflakes lol
Good   never let them breath
The problem is the MEDIA!!! WAKE Up People
Boog
It is the best time for Democrats  to get rid of  Trump.  They  may plane to assassinate him and relate it to Iran's  revenge  over killing general Solimani.  This guys  should  take  care  of  him.
This demonstration is not half as bad as the antifa violence,  rioting,  destruction and looting, it's a shame the media is too ignorant and stupid to point that fact out.
Is this how America is celebrating their world Juniors championship??
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=RDB-TbclQOPTI
Pro-trump supporters. Sure, that's all the people who were there. Ugh.
Call Russia
wearing "make America great" hats while they are guilty of treason
Keep lying media, you're next
Lol
When Trump presides over America, there will be a civil war between white and black people, and this is what Trump is planning
Just think if it was a fair election this wouldn't be going on. Too many people were paid off by Biden to win this election
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🔻
Embarrassing. You don’t fight fire with fire. They didn’t prove anything except made themselves look like sheep fools that listened to a president with baseless claims of a rigged election.
We’re are the dogs, smoke Grenades  and the fire hose?
Just shoot the traitors.
Some of these people got shot and died . GOOD
Damn they wild
Is this what Trump means by, "Make America Great Again"?
The BLM protest were against LOCAL law enforcement to treat people right. These riots are against US DEMOCRACY ..... that makes it TERROISM!
Trump should pay for this!
Where are all the officials that were for shooting people? Thsse people raided Federal buildings. They are criminals.  Many carried a war flag of a foreign nation that has overthrown the US Government before. That is the definition of treason. What else do they need to put these people down?
Did YOU know these things about Donald Trump?: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US7Yx0RDMRE
Now it's a Riot. What happened to the "Mostly Peaceful Protest"  story titles.  Hmmm
what for that stupid barbie explain what happened , are we such dump.. its bcs all in american tv is entertainment and all pay for that theatre of  violence good money for magicians w hich wash our brains and learn us that violence.....
Via #freak_geniuss on ig my 4years lost Instagram Acct was restored successfully wow he’s legit and also affordable
Via #freak_geniuss on ig my 4years lost Instagram Acct was restored successfully wow he’s legit and also affordable
WTF?! 😠
Take Hong Kong last year. Some may salivate at momentary gain but evil will devour them sooner than they imagine - that's the law of nature and justice - the founding fathers knew about this.
Disgraceful. If these demonstrators had been non-white, they would most likely have been tear-gassed  and shot at.
at this point, the whole world is laughing at america
Were those really trump supporter or ANTIFA imposters?
😅😅😅😅😂😂
God i don't wanna live here anymore
So covid doesnt exist?
You can tell this people lost their minds indefinitely and great way to start off the year
EAT THE RICH - NUKE THE WORLD - START AGAIN...
Hot Food Meme https://youtu.be/-JvRgvClKaw
bro both parties claim that each other are worse than theirs when in reality they’re just both terrible in their own ways
Violent riots erupt across the country, hundreds dead The news says almost nothing Some angry dudes walk into the capitol building unassailed and leave a few hours later when the police ask them to, between 1 and 7 dead It's the end of the world worse than 911
First of all actual cell phone footage of people there showed the police letting them in literally escorting them furthermore pictures prove that antifa was at the forefront but facts never were part of the media, i’m not saying no Trump supporters were involved but when antifa gets there and rails you up I’m not surprised; many cell phones were filming people that were clearly not part of the Trump supporters putting on riot gear and getting ready to do stuff
Pls quit lying posting what really happened!!!
Donald Trump's supporters did not attack capitol.  It was ANTIFA disguised as Trump supporters!
Look at all these sheep
I was refer to #freak_geniuss on ig and believe me within 45min my stolen car was track down 🤩
I was refer to #freak_geniuss on ig and believe me within 45min my stolen car was track down 🤩
America: “It’s just evolving, backwards”
This is what will happen next...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAKmCELHQxA
Good! Now when america call for democracy in foriegn nations it  better keep it's mouth shut too.
V
" This comment section TROLL Hollow"
Donald trumps votes ended up in the dumpster stolen election best president of all time Donald trump make America great again 👍😎
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. HALLELUJAH!! Repent and turn from sin!! Obey God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!!
I can’t believe people, this is all meant to be a distraction because the truth is coming out that there is no virus. But now they will have reasons to lock people down even more.
Now we see how brainless Trump supporters act. All in finesse and... Who I am kidding, they're worse than wild animals.
HERES THE TRUTH. IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR FUTURE AND YOUR LIFE TAKE 5 AND LISTEN https://youtu.be/TOurEbHYBwI
2021
I don’t condone this behavior BUT I completely understand people’s frustration with theses elections!
Absolutely *DISGUSTING* I can't belive this.
I hope covid gets these people
Ted Cruz - a big tool
I also still have the proof from when one on you’re station threatened me!
The world is laughing at the US - clearly democracy works lol
America got a taste of its own brand of coup d'etat... the ghost of Hugo Chavez must be laughing.
1:36 I get 162 each and every day due to this right here *f u n d a i l y p a y*
Last year at this time he nearly started ww3 now this😂 Welcome to 2021🎇
it’s beautiful sight- Pelosi
beautiful reporter!
https://youtu.be/LRTj8GyHKdU
Trump: We are going to build a wall and we are going to make Mexico pay for it!  Mexico: Si
Pi Network. 10M active users. First crypto app you can mine on your phone for FREE, does NOT drain your battery and is the fastest growing crypto community on earth!  Don't miss the boat this time. Download on IOS or Android and make sure to use Invitation code: TampaJ
Amazing how the extreme side of any belief never see it coming back to bite them. This was four years, one impeachment and a plandemic in the making. Every time in history the few have trodden on the many it was the many that won in the end.
The division 3
“The American president increasingly used his influence to create conflicts, intensify existing conflicts, and, above all, to keep conflicts from being resolved peacefully”.  -Adolf Hitler
Some republicans are so stupid, on one hand you condemn the protests by BLM, saying its an act of terrorism and unconstitutional but now you are defending what happen yesterday, this is why republicans like myself are currently distancing from the current administration. Donald Trump is not the supreme leader of republicans, he was our presidential candidate and he lost, get over it !hopefully we have a better leader to run 4 years from now.
days without disaster: 6  welp counting on from beggining
*Grabs Popcorn*
TRUMP2020
When the New York Jets have a better defense then the capitol building
Dems & media 7 months ago... https://youtu.be/qpioBeGtOtU
antifa stormed in.....i seen the pics
Antifa broke into the capitol to make the Trump supporters look bad
https://www.jw.org/en/bible-teachings/questions/battle-of-armageddon/
Trump 2020 we will not give up until trump is our present for another 4 years
I love how this is covered so well but people and businesses that are killed and ransacked during BLM riots aren't that important
Give me a Trump protest any day.  At least they're not burning and letting peoples business's.
Has a new episode of "the US is a bloody joke" come out already ?? Damn I have been waiting
i am just saying trump voters are facking dangerous man they say the most horrible things they do the most horrible things and i dont get why. why am i different to you voters and trump just for having a different skin colour......
People are blind, they are Antiv! Trump was kicked off Twitter for two weeks then this happened. Those are democrats dressed as trump supporters. It’s a setup to make trump look bad.
Trump going all the way down to the US Capital (star wars edition)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gCYWna6lXU
They gotta hire some Polynesian security for that building. I promise you nobody getting thru 😂
Look at all them thugs and people had stuff to say about blm protest look at these thugs
When you turn mute on,  it suddenly turns into people standing around.
2020 democrats be like they are mostly peaceful. 2021 democrats be like send in the national guard.
How about when antifa and blm did the samething 4yrs ago no one comments on that
the Democrats are so corrupt, and the media is literally functioning likes its part of the democratic party. do you expect a revolution not to happen?
ANTIFA !
VP Pence is a yellow coward, he is going to be responsible for the dark  days ahead for this country. I hope history shows him for the traitor  that he is. I feel sorry for his kids who will bear the stain of his deceit.  Judas will get better treatment.
These guy is threatening democracy...
United states of stupid
Execute order 66
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-D1T2hW46hw
Its like A serial movie,,London has fallen,olympus has fallen and now Capitol has fallen .
These Trump supporters have committed crimes against the USA with the approval of crime boss in the white house. Time for the 25th amendment.
This is why a lot of minorities DON’T like police👮 👮‍♀️!!!! Is they were minorities, BLACK especially, they would have been shot, many arrest, called thugs, etc!!!! These are the same people that call themselves law and order whatever!!!! Okay. Right.
United states become more and more interesting these days.
A few more people have died needlessly. But even that doesn’t solve the problem. Because even if T***p faces consequences, and so do the fools who stormed the Capitol. The damage is now done. The consolation of a prize of keeping Trumpism alive?
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
Hail dictator trump..?
Good job Trump supporters.  12 Republican senators were going to object and it dropped to 6, after your attack.   You really changed their minds, looney bins.  The lights are on, but nobody is home.
What are you, like 5 yrs old??? Give the keyboard back to your parents!!!
This was Fasle Flag!
1:30 I generate 101 each and every day due to  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
2021, ain't nothing change.
This is really unnecessary . Biden is not a dictator  for you to be protesting like this .Trump lost   and luckily in 4 years you can vote again simple.
1:20 I acquire 175 a day due to  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
https://youtu.be/XcgxKBUXOzA
Trump, the outstanding communist successor and the most loyal fighter of the Communist Party, launched a beautiful landscape in the United States for democracy and freedom.
👍
2021 welcome to what’s been going on
Ahhh huston we have andhbhakt in America😄😁
Info about Maharaja Ranjeet Singh https://youtu.be/QwPW21D6EEw
😂😂😂😂😂😂 what a comedy, since when he got in office I been died laughing until today,😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 even he was overthrown by IRAN that was the most laughable 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Eventually IRAN OVERTHROWN HIM😂😂😂😂😂👍😂😂😂😂
Liars
Revolution
Remember when Trump supporters were making fun of BLM protestors by saying they were out of control savages?  How the tables have turned
Both parties are a joke
Whoever shot that lady should be charged with murder.
They should have thrown cans of soup at them you can really get some force behind that ,it's worse than a brick🤣
0:40 I get 183 each and every day due to this right here *f u n d a i l y p a y*
I'M SO BORED WITH U.S.A !!
It's official they KNOWINGLY just completed the crimes! Trump waited for them to do this...OFFICIALLY!!!!! Trump told everyone involved  "to do the right thing" about the blatant fraud...they didn't! GO STRAIGHT TO JAIL DO NOT COLLECT $200  #Trump2020
If the US has found an oil-rich country, then invade the country immediately and restore the superseded democracy.
Wow #freak_geniuss on ig just made my day without delay my lost Twitter Acct was retrieved he’s legit and also affordable ✅
Wow #freak_geniuss on ig just made my day without delay my lost Twitter Acct was retrieved he’s legit and also affordable ✅
All l see is a bunch of goofy's out there with 90% of them,  with no mask/facial gear on.   You'll regret this in a few day's!
'USA' is the best reality show ever.  The start of the new season 2021 is spectacular.
They should lock him up..
Watching with horror from UK. Thought it was an unanimated episode of Southpark
After 4 years of poking the bear, it awakes and hits back.
Law enforcement loves the right!!! Fascist love fascists. Ya'll need to support the left and the Antifascists (Antifa) who have been freedom fighting since the death of G.Floyd. These right militia domestic terrorists are armed and trained...and frothing at the mouth to fight for Trump. This is no joke...wake up!!!
Palpatine Trump:  I AM THE SENATE!!!
Trump supporters are so toxic! Spreading hate and covid will not get you anywhere
You made Germany sensible.  Many Thanks.  But now we have to make you sensible.
Go Trumpers!
we the white people take back what's ours.
no wonder russians easily occupied capitol building ez
This level of drama not seen in Indian politics
I dont see any agression against other people, its something different than BLM protest. No molotovs or shooting, no looting. And this is the difference, this people arent that dangerous than your peacefull BLM
The problem is that when democrats supporter's burned down shops during their protest then there is no problems. But if Republic supporter's take action then man there is huge problem. If they had used evms like India non of this would have happened.
Who is driving force behind the breach of Congress violence movement.... If you said Trump you are COMPLETELY right
Propaganda for the dumb masses.
What are they crying about now
Wild dogs
It's a beautiful sight !! LOL !! NP should exclaim that  with excitement.
What a sad day
If this goes unpunished the radical right and those who've spent the last 5 years radicalizing the Republican party (Trump, Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, Steve Bannon, Rep. Nunez, Secretary Pompeo) will only be emboldened to more extreme action. Even in the most peaceful democracy this is where arrests would be taking place.
Bro the government planned this not a can of tear gas thrown at those territories 😅😅😅
This just made are country look super weak I guarantee other countries laughing at us more then ever now smh🤨
Move along,  nothing to see here  just move along.  People are just simply having a very peaceful protest as per their CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS to PEACEFULLY ASSEMBLE.  The temperature has dropped significantly so the Burning of Buildings has been deemed necessary for heating purposes.  Just move along now,  nothing to see and I bid you welcome to America...
This is how all these genius' make a shithole great again. The world is impressed.
How many they are 🤔
For the last time these are not trump supporters but the liberals goonies and bullies okay the democrats are the bullies so God bless trump well it is time to put all of them where they belong gitmo till they get what is coming to them
Go men go
Where are all those fanatics "Christians" that support him and say he's God's choice ??????
Hahahah the absolute state of your country
This is evidence that the election was stolen from Donald Trump
These are domestic terrorist. Send them all to GITMO or some other black sites and throw away the key.
*The election was stolen by demons!* Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves. Abraham Lincoln
The screwed up part about this is that they pulled guns on Trump supporters, yet antifa can throw Molotov cocktails, rocks and assault the police officers and the police officers do nothing.
I love how the only person with a mask isn’t even wearing it.
Nah...Trump supporters are not violent....that is pppppaaaattttrrrriiioootttiiiicccc 🤣🤣
No! It was ANTIFA from PHILADELPHIA dress like Trump supporters.  Already proven
PurppGhost
Why is noone calling them terrorists at this point? Their leader isn´t in power, they try to force their believes on the goverment with violence and are willing the die for it if nessesary....
Trumps puppets
Seems like some swore losers
CHINA NUMBA WANNNNN
These trump supporters can rush in the us capitol and march in there? But for BLM there was hella cops stacked like cards for a PEACEFUL PROTEST, throwing tear gas and shooting rubber bullets at people🤦‍♂️ and they doing all that cuz trump lost
Whose responsibility? Even God will not look back . Because American. is Christians country Gods love American but you took over God.
Charles Manson received the death penalty, but it was commuted to life. Such a Trump can run around freely? Where's the difference ? I tell you there is none.
All white stand up and carry your gun, burn your country 🤣
Antifa was among those there dressed as Trump fans. https://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2021/01/breaking-report-former-fbi-agent-ground-us-capitol-says-least-one-bus-load-antifa-thugs-infiltrated-trump-demonstration/
concrats Russia and China. America is wounded by own stupidity. Greetings from a united Europe
Doing exactly what BLM did
"Protesters" given permission by cops to enter Capital grounds. https://mobile.twitter.com/jihanbit/status/1346909463660396550 "Protesters" taking selfies with cops after "forcing" their way into the Capitol. https://mobile.twitter.com/SabrinaNYC20/status/1346949202010632192
Breach Covered Live by Baked Alaska's Live stream. It was a Party!
Breached barriers my ass, they were let in by the cops and we all know it.
Iraq needs to deploy troops to the US to keep thing under control for the government
ALL THIS thanks to Trump inciting his mob to act like the criminals and thugs they are is all I see.
trump will win hi from philippines
#LYNCH #TRUMP = #HITLER  https://media1.tenor.com/images/4d62e84177e894542830c018a6175afa/tenor.gif?itemid=5175847&fbclid=IwAR0H9qO43RsmIstLoeWFqtQRVs3I-oxi9zojfn9lqYvgJC1Jew2AxRwJfQM
Look at 2021 man, so inspirational  PS: it's *not*
HERO PATRIOTS made themselves known today.....It will continue until America is taken back from Socialism and Anti-American Terrorists like Liberal Democrats,BLM,and Antifa!!!!! MAGA2021!!!!!
I remember this incident. It happened before. In Germany, when Neonazis tried to storm the parliament (The Bundestag). The German president spoke about an assault on democracy as well.
Its not about trump its about the Government lying to us constantly. Its about election fraud.  Its about our constitution. We will stand for freedom  While you sit on your ass and ask the Government for a handout (money) ..we have a right to overthrow a tyrannical Government.  Its your birthright to be free
Thanos was right.
If these were black people they'd been shot, these are rioters. Exactly the same as the oppertunists as in the BLM protests.  The difference is, this isn't a shoe store, this is our democratic system, and they want to nullify the word of the people. Trump instigated this for his own ego, not for the good of our Country. It is just horribly disgusting.
We're not gonna take it..... No! We ain't gonna take it... We're not gonna take it anymore!!
0:29 I acquire 195 a day with the help of this *f u n d a i l y p a y*
There are videos of police officers throwing punches at a senior that wasn't being physical at all.. women being pushed down, thrown against a wall.. and soon as they did that they tear gassed them then the crowd gassed them back and eventually after the police fired off rubber... people were so mad and the police took off.. people then started going into the house but they were let in interestingly enough but a couple antifa were there smashing things up and although they tried to look kind of like Trump supporters they wore the traditional Antifa outfit of knee pads etc  A girl was shot and killed just for crawling through window that was part of a door that oddly should of been bullet proof..
Round 2 commencing 💀
anitfa/blm behind the trouble, photographic proof already out.
Don't you mean rioters and anarchists!!! If black people did this...
T oo b ad th ey did n't linbch abll th e  corr upt.. politi queros  a nd do u s all a fa vor.. Ju st distractb ion.... FYI
A sad time for democracy...
So, is this the start of Middle West?
Nothing really matters.
Remember when antifa and blm was acting and killing peoples and burning houses, businesses, restaurants and bombing government building and called that peaceful protest 🙄???
America tried to tell the world what democracy is and how it works but they fail with their own.
Now imagine if they were black.
All  those police not running need to get fired 👮
*I like turtles* 🐢
Its what's going happened when in a country many patriotic ppl
Free world is with president Trump
The Government especially is fightin amongst themselves instead of helpin the American citizens. The Government need to put their differences aside and come together ❤ to help their citizens.  The more they fight, the more they are hurtin the American citizens.  Just come together✊💪. Republicans I'm sorry 😞 but yall lost the election far and square. Democrats won 🏆 and Republicans have to let it go 🙄. Seriously Republicans...... yall lost. Democrats didn't cheated on the election votes 🗳. Republicans consider this a thought 🤔 STOP being sore losers because yall looking like losers right now.  Just come together Democrats and Republicans. Americans need you now. Thanks 😊. God bless everyone 🙏 😊.
...and you want these people to lead Democrary! What a joke! You guys couldnt even sort your house out, so dont start talkin about other people's values. Embarrassing yobs.
미국판 태극기 부대, 때려잡자 미국판 문재인 일당
a beautiful sight to behold
Incredible,so far four souls were taken because of this senseless act. To which I state the following,https://youtu.be/ARH1zPgY1P8
..Antifa and BLM MENBERS busted into congress and Main Stream Media is blaming American Trumpers. .ITS NOT OVER YET BABY!
Es posible que un presidente lleno forrado de poder induce a las personas a tanta violencia ,y luego nos quejamos que en las personas normales haya violencia. El no acepta perder las elecciones.Trump vete a veranear en tu barco ya perdistes. Te aburres tanto, dale un poco de tu dinero a los pobres que duermen en las calles de Newyork.
America :( your grandparents died in the trenches, on the beaches, in the cold forrests of Bastogne... for what... to ruin your beautiful country like this? Western-Europe needs your influence to protect the free world and democracy. Don't let it go to waste. I pray this situation gets settled.
Nancy pelosi: it’s a beautiful sight to behold
That awkward moment when the people who would’ve agreed to challenge the senate immediately backed down from the debate after the riots. “I’ve come to rethink my decision”. Yeaaaaah, they kinda shot themselves in the foot.
Rise god emperor Trump haha
It looks like a peaceful protest to me.
Между словами надо было добавить  Путин 😂
Even in the media its clearly to see that media is against the trump, because they trying not to show the big gatherings and zooming in haha.
Stealing the election, Hollywood demonizing trump supporters, media lies about trump, democrats trying to over throw the president for four years, liberals attacking conservatives, Republicans. Calling people nazis when they simply love their country. There is so much more why this has happened! You brought this on you're selves democrats and media!!
The Americans, the U.S., and the U.S. government are all hypocritical, not true democracy and freedom.  Don't trust the United States anymore.
Really man? its all just because of election?
1:19 I make 105 day-to-day with this here *f u n d a i l y p a y*
I thought this was MERICA!!!!!
Gosh with that many police to those supporters is about the same amount  of police they would use to shoot 1 innocent black man mmmm looking  around i bet they all still get to go home to there loved ones at the  end of the day
Them Thugs 💯
Look at them domestic terror*sts.🤦🏽‍♂️
This time last year ww3 was gonna happen       Now it’s the next civil war
Season 2 of 2020?
If GA was red yesterday, the story in DC different today!
lol
nice start for 2021....
Trump is the real national security threat for democracy in usa, not Russia not China. Facism Vs Democracy.
If this was happening in America, America would invade America to project peace in America!
Joe Biden has the country he deserved. Good job on both party and news channels for this divided nation
All the people in the comments who think their party is better than the other. Wake up people, both parties have their downsides. Quit living in a black and white world.
I'm an American but I'm not ready for civil war so I'ma just move to France or Germany...
Republican commit blatant terrorism
Blm protest faced smoke bomb and aggresive police. Then why this people can go inside capitol building?
Make America Great  for Russians and Chinese  FACTS.
so long for a covid19 new strand!!  sure everyone here was not wearing a mask! because demons dn't need 1!! God is coming!! God come quick!!! U will bring order in distruction & Fire!!!
We are literally showing other countries how weak we are sad day of my life grown people acting like little kids
🧠  👁   👁      👃      👅
it's antifa tho
They're tying to replace American flag with Trump flag....
Trump President-elect.  America will be great.  collecting donations to continue the fight and help the victims 1BaNtJyf4YyyWRWbUwzQYiydog911dqyiM
Trumps evil seed is growing..
Trump supporters man👎🏽
Rubbing my hands like birdman ..
What were the 4 stages again that Yuri bezmenov talked about?
This is America thats all I can say 🤦🏽‍♀️
Lol why ? 😊
the woman shot in the neck (died instantly) wasn't mentioned
She is beautiful 😁
Good
Pretty sure we're living in a Batman movie where Joker has won the Presidential election... https://youtu.be/1gJ1unYmdnY
Biden, the first president elected with the support of terrorist groups.
This is not helping, this is what the democrats want! Now the democrats can fire up their propagandamachine saying: "Look, this is what Trump has done! Trump and his supporters are evil and have to be removed..!" And they will use the attack on the capitol as proof! Very stupid action!
Dieser Monster muss endlich mal weg und zwar gehört lebenslänglich hinter Gittern und das ist wirklich eine Lasche Strafe
It wasn't a riot because they didn't have Abrams M1A2C SEPV3 Main Battle Tanks with M829A3 Armor-Piercing Fin-Stabilized Discarding Sabot Tank Rounds
In the beginning of 2020 we were joking about WW3. Now it seems a civil war May be near. I don’t want there to be one, we can stop this by being kind and sharing compassion:) who’s with me!
Wow I know 2021 but, at this rate who gonna be here to watch 2022.
That's a funny way to spell "domestic terrorists."
Reporter is a reptilian look how many times she blinks
But always talking about black lives matter now look at y'all 🤣😂
Protect OUR RIGHTS, protest at their stations and demand Defund the Media.  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Make politicians scared again
We all just need some love...Check this out! I'm Huney B, this is Rok it Out! Album streaming January 21, 2021!! https://youtu.be/mp2spaMQ7cw
When the cities were burning down and being looted why wasn't the media saying, "Cities burn as Democrats loot and destroy everything they see?" The mainstream media got everyone twisted in hate.
I see some ppl trying to argue that Democrats asked for non violence towards BLM protesters, yet now when this happens Democrats are arguing why tear gas/arrests weren't implemented on these protesters. I just want to say that the point should be that there is a difference in treatment of both types of protests, not that these protesters should be given the  BLM treatment
Ribut apaan dah ini?
Media lies.  This was a "peaceful protest".
borgar
WERE SHOWING UP AND SHOWING OUT BIDEN/ HARRIS...RACIST LIVES DON'T MATTER.
This is the american face
Never underestimate the power of dumb people in large numbers 🤣😂 What’s next bass boats and 4 wheelers storm the inauguration ?
Are people so stupid they think these are Trump supposed not paid actors
Omgg. Im scared 😂
Looks like a big game at the Capital, the Patriots versus the Stealers!!🤔
Trump needs to be removed, declared insane...whatever,he is clearly a danger to our country...how is this allowed? Treasonous, thief, liar, con artist, fraudulent and so on... 25th amendment must be enforced! Pence can hold the country for 2 weeks.
This was a proud day in American History!
Well what do you expect.  Unfair election,  no money to the people, small businesses closing. It's  the tax payers building. Government doesn't about the people. Only themselves.  Karma
Awesome! A new Southpark episod with realistic graphics!
Lol remind me of farcry 5
Chaos is a ladder
After this, I heard Twitch decided to remove the PogChamp emote due to the event. really sad to hear that for gamers and memers.
This has been bought about by Trump’s ego. Something so big has corrupted the small brains of so many people.Violence incited by an evil president. This loss will eat him to the core for years. May I say it? (forgive me). Trump.......your fired!
More like people that don't want their voting rights taken away from them for Life storm the capitol. All Americans voting rights are at stake now right now!!!
Oh America, you're such an entertaining channel  *liked and subscribed*
this video sucked
All I see are some sore losers. I thought we are to believe in our Democracy no?   Bruh I’m feeling like the man in the high castle I’m just watching someone out of a movie rn
Guys quick grab a popcorn
This is it...I am now ashamed of my party, I AM DONE! Everyone here please forgive us for this stupid reaction.
I'm pretty sure we saw more Damage than this last summer..
Canada here.  GFY america. Have a pleasant tomorrow.
It was Antifa posing as Trump supporters:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkPXIrUSrf8
Government should fear the people, and not the other way.
What????  When this was happening in Ukraine in 2014, America called it “people’s democracy”!!!!  When nazi’s took power in Ukraine in February 2014 and started bombing their own cities with Russian population that did not support the military coup, America called it fight against terrorists.   Pay back, baby!!!
If it's OK for Antifa to riot, should be OK for everyone else.No?.
Donald Trump Rioters and Terrorists. They aren't protesting.
Is America great again yet?
If a civil war goes on remember switching to your pistol is faster then reloading
Every corrupt third world 'sh*thole' : First time?
Tell the real truth and dont embellish with lies
Do you hear the people sing?
Never follow man https://youtu.be/WOHKNVnklUA
Trump 2020
This is what happens when you try to control to much, we outnumber you.
Corrupt left wing NWO is hacking our elections and controlling our senate through lobbying. Time to weed the corrupt pigs out
This is a shame to US politics. I feel ashamed to be an American. Trump supporters are very shameless. Acting like 3rd world countries. Shame on Trump and his supporters. Biden won by huge margin. How did they feel when Trump made Russia breach the U.S the poll in 2016. Unacceptable. Shan on Republicans. I used to be a Republican but not anymore. Biden clearly won period!
I am not surprised to see all those tough talking Republicans crawling on the floor like dogs because they had no back bone when it came to standing up to Donald Trump and all the mouth that crippled ex military Republican had at the rally i expected to see him low crawling to confront the mob and protect capital hill i guess he is as useless as his legs
At least they pointed their anger at the government instead of the populace. If they were protesting for congressional term limits I would have been with them. Unfortunately, they were misled into believing the election was stolen. I do kinda wonder though because if I believed the election was stolen I wouldn't have stopped as they did. It makes me wonder if they really believed Trump.
Traders communist dictators have penetrated the US congress senate house.
These protesters are heroes.
why weren't these people in work today?    They're wearing masks, not because of covid but to prevent identification.   Tragic to witness so many uninformed people that follow a low life conman!   Trump made America pathetic!!
BS🤬👉Antifa JUST CAUGHT POSING As Trump Supporters in D.C. Pictures don’t lie...they are worth a thousand words. Yes?  https://youtu.be/mkPXIrUSrf8
Disruption of government operations is not a peaceful protest.It's amazing to see cops running from these terrorist.Do the riot toys only work on blacks?
I bet there's no burning buildings! So what rioters! but if it was black lives matters they are peaceful protesters 🤷‍♂️
Shot them all!
When the U.S. Constitution is dismissed by elected and un-elected  officials, by judges in the courts, by Supreme Court justices, and the  Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and there is doubt about the  fairness of our elections,  we have a problem. When we have media that have zero credibility and serve as DNC propagandists, and social  media that engages in censorship, we have a problem.  This war on Americans. This refusal to be truthful and transparent has consequences. It's frightening, but that's where we are. When our system breaks down, we have lawlessness.
Antifa in Trump clothing??  Real Patriots would never act like that.
Trump 2020 🇺🇸 Stop the Steal
Whereis te safety? Trump wants to do whatever he wants
I've never understood the Trump as Rambo flag. He's clearly a complete unathletic marshmallow dumper.
Bigots!
Man this new season of House of Cards is pretty lit
Fools it's the peoples capital and Government
I bet those are all Biden supporters in discize
Conservative men don't play games
Shoot em like they shot everyone else protesting
"2020 was a weird year"  2021:
I dont even care who wins at this point, Those supporters are kinda doing the most, I understand their upset but jeez, over an election?
This is America 🤣🤘
Yeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh  MURICAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lmaoo this is the funniest comment section I’ve seen in ages
The Holy Grail https://youtu.be/WOVu5nsRGjU
That was antifa people. You liars!
Remember, it’s totally peaceful. There isn’t even burning buildings yet.
Never agreed with the blm riots and don’t agree with these riots this is not how you bring change not like this.
2021 ? more like 2020 one
I really hope this could bring talks of states independence to the table. The US is too big, too many people with different opinions. And smaller countries can't go to the Middle East explode kids and the local infrastructure, best scenario possible.
....... *& it was on this date the covid19 cases in the US tripled*
Did they burn anything
Way to end it in a fizzle Donny 🤣🤣 big L  🔵 🔵
POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!!
*If you elect a joker, your country becomes a joke*
Honestly if those protestors have guns and the police have guns then they should have it out.
Still more peaceful than Seattle's CHAZ/CHOP Insurrection.
Breaching....?? That is a PUBLIC building built for the government that works for the People!
Evil triumphs when good people do nothing. An election was stolen and these people refuse to do nothing
Not trump supporters. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkPXIrUSrf8 Also, from ä local DC resident in attendance: Throughout the afternoon, there was a group of guys... seemed very sketchy to me .. who were walking around asking people to storm the capital with them.  “We’re storming the capital, we need you... let’s go!!”  As far as I could see, no one paid them any attention and I personally, thought they were joking.  So the rally ends, we all go to the capital. I was farthest from the stage and closest to the capital, so I got there very quickly. By the time I got there, the place was erupting. Whatever was going on started before the rally even ended. I walked all the way up to see what was happening - then a group of about 50 Asians and people who were absolutely a mess - they looked like meth heads in trump gear - walked by with bull horns screaming “Decertify”. There were dozens of them, they came out of nowhere, they looked angry and like they were on a mission. As soon as they all walked by, I told the person I was with, “we need to go”. Whoever started this insanity is a lot of things - but they are not trump supporters.  Walking back to the hotel, we heard from people that BLM were also rioting - why did that start?  We were told the National Guard would be there - they were no national guard members to be seen anywhere.  I haven’t even turned the news on but I’m hearing from everyone that it’s an absolute horror story.  I am here to tell you - I was there.  This did not start with Trump supporters."
INTO THE VOID
Left, media, big tech vs fed up Americans and Trump.
well their moms drank beer while they were in their womb🤦‍♂️
Not from the US but girl wtf hhhhhhhh that can't be real
THESE PEOPLE CLEARLY HAVE NO LOVE OR RESPECT FOR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!!
America is going to split in to three parties  Democrats Republicans And this garbage
It was #antifa
this is the strongest country in the world?
equality pls that is what non racist people want where was the tear gas and rubber bullets to stop these white people
If this division keeps up, theirs going to be a split in faction in  America like: The New United States America (NUSA),  The Republic of  Texas, & the Free States
STOP THE STEAL
sad, i feel embarresed right now, shame
Nazi Trump made republican party a nazi party and followers are racist and fascist,without democracy a country will be in ruins and chaos...long live trump hitler...Trump must be punished for what he has done and also find out how much tax payment he evaded
How come they didn't get tear gas and rubber bullets thrown and shot at them?
RICHARD NIXON: Sounds Like someone's breaking in!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, YEAH RIGHT!!
Tonight in history, this event(in my mind) shall be called ‘The Storming of Capitol Hill’
That’s funny. No tear gas or rubber bullets even tho this is trespassing but oooookay
Russia, Russia, Russia. It was Putin. LMAO
What is wrong with these people? And WHY THE HELL dont the police lock them up!? Who cares if they have to lock them all up... this is treasonous behavior.
Good riddance to the Trump reign of terror. That guy is a sore loser. Biden 2020
Go Trump
BLM/Antifa were storming the building
America Has Fallen by Youtuber Universal Black Temple must watch Black People
Kanye, lil Wayne and chance the rapper real quiet right now🤣
This is what happens when you count faked votes. You should call yourself lucky they didn't bring guns to the table. This is going to happen eventually... we all warned you and you laughed at the warning signs.
This clown has blood on his hands this why he is a LOOSER
As Nancy pelosi stated during the BLM riots “People will do what they do” 🤷‍♀️
Mostly peaceful.
I'm so excited for the Southpark episode of this
Are the FBI and police going to pretend they cant identify the these people who werenplannjng this event on social media for weeks?
George Carlin was spot on when he called America a freak show. Glad I get to sit back and watch the performance
When BLM was protesting we were labeled as rioters when we peaceful stood outside that building with lines and lines of officers armed with guns but the trumpies can get in free of touch
The Politicians are criminals they should fear the people!
This is not the worst day in America
Interested in learning more about cannabis? Learn about THCA the process that takes place before thc https://youtu.be/pdl1LpZfSVk
Where is the justice department
PROSPERITY  BONANZA
Who needs a tour of the capitol when you can make your own with your friends
We will take the fight to their land... to their people... to their blood.                                -The protesters...probably
https://youtu.be/mkPXIrUSrf8
POV: your doin your OWN research
When the going gets tough the tough get going!!
Nero wants to burn Rome, from the American Dream to the Greatest Nightmare
Reps time to steal every local election going forward      Get prepared
This election is crazy af
Today was the day President T***p finally became Ayatollah T***p, leading his very own American Taliban, American ISIS, towards the Promised Land. All they had to do, he told them, in not so many words, was become the sword, since the pen and the word had failed... What idiots!
Antifa People were arrested.  It's confirmed those were the folks who look like they were allowed in by police.  It's like they were invited to go in.
We seek not to overthrow the constitution, but to overthrow those who would prevert it.  Abraham Lincoln
Ah yes, let’s make this sound more dramatic then what it really is....   “Hey, look everyone! A suspicious package!” 📦           🚶‍♂️ 🏃‍♀️
How can you support hair hair troll cracked out joke of a president who by not being more frim to crazed supporters to leave the capital during one of it most important task which result in someone losing their life because of his stubborn ego that say false claim without any accurate proof. In this Trump indirectly or partially responsible for a domestic terrorist attack to the capital. This day has been a blood spilled disgrace to America.
Looks like the police forgot their riot gear
The memes from this are Legendary 😂
What happened to all that teargas from last year??
It is time for States to separate from the Union, the United States is no more. Red states Unite to form a new country for the sanity of its people and the blue states start their new country. Better being peacefully divided, than forced to live among enemies and be at war.
No police riot squads typical white america double standards
It's the antefia
HURRA FOR BIDEN & HURRA FOR CHINA!  Stop the agressions against chinese and black people! Biden won and finally capitalism is defeated. Salute a New Era of igualitarism and redistribution of wealth!
These violent thugs invaded the US Capitol because of election results. Entitlement at its finest.
And people thought 2021 was gona be different. Great way to kick off the new year huh?
Love the hypocrisy, if democrats did this, Trump supporters would be calling for blood!
Why does Pelosi run away from the beautiful scenery when she should be embracing it?Hypocrisy!
People are tired of the lies
Holy Spirit go to war!
Olympus has fallen
A lot of people are going to get a LOT of jail time because of this.
Biden/Harris/China will never have my respect. 1776.
FIB(cia) felonious bidness as usual. Ohhhhh riiiight, they're exempt. Never mind..
I'm so tired of your biased reporting.
16th Americana Jurisprudence 2d., Section 98, no emergency can create new laws (curfews)... this is not China. I'm sure Biden would like it to be. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw3UyUrmgJs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hoLc9AEGcQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPmw0PnrvBM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ0xDWhWUxk
0:16 I acquire 175 day-to-day thanks to  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
This is not live its night there now
Took us long enough ...we should have done this starting 20 yrs ago
Lmao 😂
"What happened to the American dream... It came true, You're looking at it" - The Comedian, Watchmen
Clearly Antifa rigging a peaceful protest just like the Democrats rigged the election
I'll be suprised if America makes it to 2030.
"God forbid we should ever be twenty years without such a rebellion. The poeple cannot be all and always well informed... And what country can preserve its liberties, if its rulers are not warned from time to time that, this people preserve the spirit of resistance?   Let them take arms. The remedy is to set them right as to the facts, pardon and pacify them. What signify a few lives lost in a century or two? The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time, with the blood of patriots and tyrants."   -Thomas Jefferson
Covid-19🦠🦠 2021😂
I am the law & order president, just look at his supporters he can't stop them but sent riot police to protestors who are peaceful. Now we see clearly that trumps supporters behave lawlessly. Shameful! They should not be allowed to congregate again for such behavior
With the climate, knowing who was in this building and what was happening in those chambers, you had f****** barricades out with no security presence. Homeland security, you make me take my f****** shoes off to get on a plane but leave the doors wide open at our nations Capitol. What an embarrassment
IT TOOK ANIFA OVER 4 MONTHS TO TRY AND RAID A COURTHOUSE BUT IT TOOK TRUMP SUPPOERTERS 2 hours to raid the capitol with lawmakers inside lmaoooo
They did the biggest karen move in history, what a joke.
Are these really all Trump supporters or another Antifa demo so that the Army and national gaurd are brought in to see that we all take the vaccine and comply. Funny when the release of the stolen votes are about to come out and trump is banned on twitter.....just saying,!!!!!!!
I pity anybody who actually believes that politicians (both Republicans AND Democrats)  genuinely care for the welfare of the USA citizens. We are merely pawns- our anger for the "enemy side" fuels their elections, placing the same ANCIENT people back in the office so they can add 15 more zeroes onto their offshore bank accounts.
Mostly peaceful protests
Now that is a beautiful sight to behold
How are they going to react when Biden actually gets sworn in?
Man, how did they breach a FEDERAL FACILITY, I mean swat teams should have swarmed the building after a couple of minutes
For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures,  that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures, 1 Corinthians 15:3-4   For we did not follow cleverly devised stories when we told you about the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ in power, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 2 Peter 1:16   And we know that the Son of God has come, and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life. 1 John 5:20   Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. For the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Hebrews 12:2   If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God. 1 John 4:15   In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus. Philippians 2:5   I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my Father’s hand. I and the Father are one. John 10:28-30   Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved. Acts 4:12   But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5   This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. 1 John 4:9   My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. John 15:12   If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9   But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect. 1 Peter 3:15   Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. Colossians 3:15
Trump won honestly on election night.   The Dems and Stalin like to count the votes  to win instead.
Ok Joe. Now it's time for you to visit AIPAC and emotionally kiss some je. Wish ass in gratitude for your election. Then you will send more troops into arab countries and send more billions to Is. Rael. Understood my boy?
Told y’all Trump was dangerous
BLM/Antifa infiltrated the Trump peaceful protesters.
Execute all those domestic terrorists, anyone who attacks the capitol of the United States for political agenda is a terrorist.
Trumpets are irrational
If we do not get rid of Trump now...this will be the future of our country....rule by armed thugs...elections decided by armed thugs...  a constant abuse of power and encouragement of violence..... this is not who we are people....  this is not the USA.... Trump has caused all of this....he has convinced his Cult that the rest of the world wronged them....they need to wake up and realize this is the road to ruin....it is not patriotic or good....you are not defeating tyranny you are building tyranny with this behavior.
The Fall of Capitol
2021 LETS GET IT!!!!
If you're reading this, stay strong, keep safe, and don't lose hope. Together we got through 2020 and we'll continue to face 2021's challenges with resilience . During these turbulent times there is always hope in the middle of the fear. There are good news: God promises to be with you because he loves you. "For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have everlasting life" John 3:16. I just want to let everyone know that Jesus loves you with a passion more than you can imagine. He gave his life so you can be free. In these uncertain times, cast all your burdens on Jesus; for he cares for you. If you've got pain He's a pain taker If you feel lost He's a way maker If you need freedom or saving He's a prison-shaking Savior If you've got chains He's a chain breaker. Its never too late in this life to put your trust in him. Don't let your heart be troubled in these times.  I wish you the best day.
Oh my God! Is this a Land of Free?
Wish I could upload a picture on here the one that breached are Antifa members, It was said they would infiltrate Trump supporters, they did , now all Trump supporters are getting blamed
I love this show
Antifa all over this posing as trumpy supporters
Litteraly antifa leaders cought in pictures. Mainstream media as expected
I actually wouldn't blame Trump if he was in the bunker right now
Wow
No rubber bullets or tear gas, or unidentified out of state officers ?
And people are wondering why the virus is still spreading like wild fire
America would export democracy to America right now.
Arrest ALL THESE PEOPLE.
Americans are really a different breed
Damn the year just started 😂😂😂
Amazingly all media has been covering every second of this one violence which is not acceptable but nobody even cared when all America was under violence for the past whole year. God forbid if Biden was not certified!!!!!
Looks about white
Who are the anarchists now?
Warning, Russian bots in the comments section!
Whether your a trump or biden supporter or dem or rep or w.e else ,you got to admit, this is a bad look for America and I pretty sure the us elite gate keepers sold us out to china cuz the fact that they were able to do all this knowing this is a symbol of representation of a country, L ,its only gonna backfire for the worst of all ppl in u.s
What about law and order???
we are seeing history
Just maybe there the ones that Been causing riots across country secretly.
Look at these THUGS
Say what you want...I hate this guy
Take back America!
Paid actors
Politicians are useless and are somehow shocked they get stormed
Don’t give yourself to the drama, this is t going to affect your life one bit. More craziness from both parties of crazy.
Dc calls in the national guard... why hasnt this happened for past protests that have gotten out of control???
And y’all mfs were hoping for a good 2021 🤣
Can Canada just annex the United States already
This was peaceful until security shot an unarmed woman.
Traitors not Patriots
🙏😭“Dear Heavenly Father, I know that I have broken your laws and my sins have separated me from you. I am truly sorry, and now I want to turn away from my past sinful life toward you. Please forgive me, and help me avoid sinning again. I believe that your son, Jesus Christ died for my sins, was resurrected from the dead, is alive, and hears my prayer. I invite Jesus to become the Lord of my life, to rule and reign in my heart from this day forward. Please send your Holy Spirit to help me obey You, and to do Your will for the rest of my life. In Jesus' name I pray, Amen
Gospel of salvation of our souls: 💜💕💜💖💞💜💕For what I received I passed on to you as of [first importance]: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures,  that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures, and that he appeared to Peter, and then to the Twelve.  After that, he appeared to more than five hundred of the brothers and sisters at the same time,
That was short sighted on the part of the federal government with that many people there. They should've been ready for this! Trump has been fomenting his sycophants for months.
I seem to remember a historical fact that liberal leftwingers like Bill Ayers (Obama's hero) bombed the U.S  Capitol building in 1971, and in the 1950s, Puerto Ricans stormed the U.S. Capitol and opened fire on U.S. congressmen with automatic weapons because of "imperialism" and the Puerto Ricans' desire to be free.  Let's see.... now Liberals and Democrats want to colonize Puerto Rico and make them a state, to gain 2 Senator seats (no other reason) and the liberals are saying that Trump supporters are evil.  Look at history .  The attacks on the U.S. Capitol today are NOTHING compared to what the Left have done.  And the attack on freedom and democracy.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kttCi2jOcOo  When lawmakers break the law, there isn't any law, just a fight for survival.  Billy Jack
The dumb maga supporters said BLM protest were worse. BLM started over a death. There's over a loss 😂
A new foe has appeared! Challenger approaching: 2021
This is what really happened at the capital building: https://youtu.be/mkPXIrUSrf8
Division 2
This is not how us humans should behave to others. Respect
Patriots! Standing and fighting against  evil authoritarian leftists/democrats and corrupt republicans who have declared war on the free American people! Down with ANYONE who would dare oppress Americans and attempt to strip them of them rights and liberties! Who would cheat an elections and turn their back on the constitution! These people are true heroes by every definition of the world! Water the tree of liberty! Don’t let this stop here. Continue to echo these acts of patriotism at your local level! !
Great way to start off 2021
The country will end up in a revolution .   And the criminals who stole the White house will  end up in prison.
2021 is officially the update for 2020
What happened today is an attack on democracy! Donald Trump has asked people to protest in front of the Capitol. He is a rabble-rouser and a very bad liar and narcissist who can only do one thing, divide America and kiss his right-wing proud boys' butts. Again, tweets are coming in on Twitter and Facebook that have been deleted by the services because they have again been deemed a renewed call for violence. If Donald Trump does not speak up now and address the people to stop the violence and recognize the election of Biden, then an immediate impeachment process should be initiated. The whole world is looking at America and the whole world is now looking at Trump with contempt for a president who tramples on democracy. Shame on you Mister President you are a despiser of people, a racist and the worst American President in the history of America. Shame on you!!! Biden can only do one thing, clean up and make unity and law and freedom out of the oldest democracy again. It will not be possible long after Trump to make America as Land of Free and Land of Pray. The American Dream has become a nightmare!
They looting so start the shooting
If this attack have happened to be a worst terrorist one, many Senators and house members, would have died. CAPITOL SECURITY WAS O F F   G U A R D😫 America is in its worst lowest security moment.. Locally and internationally. And this is and example..
🤫🤫🤫🤯https://youtu.be/mkPXIrUSrf8
I really dont get how the US is still one country considering it never really was one. Their society always was quite splitted between the far-right and the center.
I’ve kinda given up with this world lol is America even real
Why didn't the policeman shoot in the legs or better warning shoot in the air  rather than in the head. Her soul and every single soul is worth more than all  the material riches of this world!
glad im not American
White privilege.
#shithole
Haha booo woo trump is reason, why you act like this shut up lady in the video.
You cowards aren't scared of a lil peaceful protest are you?
This is the kind of people that make America look stupid
Great 💪🏻 from Germany
BLM ANTIFA peaceful protests where a lot better than this they looted they burned  down buildings and a lot of damage overall but this will get 100 × more coverage wont it
Terrorists
All honest good hard-working Americans deserve an honest election, if they don't get it ????? then there will be a Civil war, and rightly so. The people of the USA need to take back their constitutional rights which is what made America great.
It’s really hilarious how trump posted a video of him telling people to go home on his twitter like they wanted. And now it has been deleted from his twitter. They are still covering that he never told the protesters to leave when he did and they are covering it up!
this is the end of Trumpism, he will be removed from office.
A baeautiful sight to behold
Protestors: In the name of the Galactic senate of the republic, you're under arrest Biden Biden: I am the Senate Protestors: Not yet Biden: It's treason then *Biden screeches and flys through the air with his lightsaber hitting out of the protestors*
That was a cracking attack I bet they been seen all over
Trump, China, Russia are responsible for it !! for this at least Trump should be imprisoned for life, he has brought a disgrace to the American people
They had peace till the police came bruh
Donnie & his circus animals have a bad case of diaper rash! Move on you fools, your main clown lost! #byebyeDon
Do I smell a civil war?
This is a failed insurrection. Capitol police eventually cleared the Capitol. It took them 4 hrs. but they eventually clear it. A curfew has been in effect since 6 p.m. tonight. Anyone caught on the street after curfew will be rounded up and detained. This is how the rule of law works in a Federal Republic! Remember, that the world is watching!
why do they always zoom in so close on the crowds?
What is going on 🤬🤬🤬. I'm very very ashamed of my party right now. Ik we lost to sleepy Joe and it sucks but THERE IS NOTHING we can do about it. If this continues I, along with others I know may not even vote next election if this keeps happening.
Xd
time to get those handly rubber bullets and tear gas.
Kumbaya “your lord” Kumbaya....
Antifa posing as Trump supporters broke into the Capitol building today! This was planned to blame Trump!
Supposedly the woman who was shot was a 17yr old unarmed girl shot through the door in the building.
Welcome To Warzone, Drop And Get Yojr Loadout Soilder!!!
We are not the problem
What a shame we can't come together for the single mother trying to pay bills and feed her kids, the working class guy, who's job doesn't exist anymore after covid, the elderly who have more than payed their due, we come together for 1 corrupt man, who has failed to handle a pandemic, an elitist disguised as one of us, you might as well be spitting on the working class, who is always left to bare the burden, ironic that these people ( most of whom are working class ) are confused enough to fight for him, and yet let our voice be heard, the forgotten, betrayed, working class
welcome to 2021 :)
You all my Patriot and God Jesus protect you all 🙏🏻🇺🇸💖
*It is time for a Civil War....!!!!!....get your guns ready patriots....!!!!*
2021 is off to a great start!
Some body dead. And no body when to jail. I'm go just have to say it.  If this was black people. We would have been beat shot a lot and might have made it to jail.  Why Trump getting away with threatening other people and in open sight.  Firing them because they won't agree with him with the things he's doing wrong.  I never ever seen anything like this.  And a woman died and there's was no  arrest.  This is murder.  Just because things won't go they way and Trump way.  And the worse thing is.  Trump could have stopped this. But all he's thinking about is staying in the White House.  Staying  President.  But  for  what. HE  NEVER agree with the left.  Trump all for  Trump.  And  he don't help his own country.   But always taking up for  other  countries. Trump working hard to stay president.  But hiding when time to get together and help make decisions about the viruses are anything else.  Because he lost the Election.  What's going on. All Trump wants is people to lie for him. If they don't he miss use his  power and fire them. But he's  always  wrong.  But don't mind blaming others  for being Wrong.  A person died.  Trump have no feelings for nobody but himself.  Didn't even say anything about the lady that died.  For a election that he lost .  Now someone lost they life. Just because he lost the election fare and  square.  How did   these people get in. Without anybody stopping them.  Trump should be move right now scent Trump loss.  And not  helping his people.  Because Trump you there for all the  people. Not just the ones who voted on you.
We’re just finishing what the Leftists started
Tack jo down boys
The peaceful protest have started early this year
That's democracy, sometimes you don't get the result you want. A true believer in democracy should accept that decision.
Ladies and gentlemen we are living in the season finale of Trump's Presidency. Things are becoming wild
America once again the laughing stock of the world. Officially a third world banada republic now. 🤦🏽‍♂️
Trump supporters you lost Trump lost you are causing great damage to our country You can parrot Antifa Antifa Antifa but Antifa has never acted like this when Hillary lost They didn’t storm on the capitol like seditionist  You lost that’s all there is to it
I saw a video earlier and the comments were how the trump supports were orderly and law abiding. (Comments by trump supporters nodoubt). Then hours later I see this.
Well...since 1990 our government HAS NOT hid the fact that they rig elections and TRUMP and the American people aren't going to put up with it any longer. 80 Million unsolicited ballots and now the Democrats are throwing a fit because TRUMP and the American people are saying NO MORE!! - We The People are sick and tired of the LIES.  - We The People are sick and tired of the election rigging and unfair elections of the past 30 years. - WE WANT CHANGE!!
Biden won Trump lost
Welcome to jumanja
Trump and his supporters are making America look bad and weak in the eyes of the world. That was so uncivilized and down right animalistic behavior, and you mean to tell me that the police and national guard didn’t do anything. Really nothing was done, now I have to say if this was a different scenario with different people “quote unquote”it would have been a totally different out come. Smh🤦🏽‍♂️
Man I feel bad for this people   this is so sad
and its funny considering they want to defund the police amd now they need them
Antifa pretending to be supporters stop lying it’s already proven
Black Lives Matter✊🏿
This is an embarrassment for America, this is also entertainment for the rest of the world
Democrats and Joe Biden fraudulently messed up the 2020 US election, enforce the constitution and the law to arrest all the treachers bribed by the communists. America 2020. Who are they? They are governors, members of the House of Representatives, some senators, courts from the state, federal courts, supreme demolitions and some untruthful media and television reports. It is these guys who want to make America a Chinese colony. After 4 years in leadership of the United States, President Donald Trump has established many great feats for America: 1- Lowest unemployment rate. 2. The US economy has grown rapidly and strongly. 3-Build a wall to prevent illegal immigrants from entering the United States. 4- Helping US drug companies to successfully and safely study Chinese vaccines against Wuhan virus, the fastest in the world. 5- The US military is the most powerful in the world 6-Peace of Middle East 7- Negotiate nuclear weapons with Korea 8- The life of the American people is enhanced and fully functional. 9- China's economy is the enemy of America and the world is in decline. 10- The 2020 election Joe biden and the Democrats cheat. The entire American people and the world have supported our President Donald Trump. 11. President Trump is a lover of America. Worldwide, there is no leader who works for the country without pay. And much more .............
🇭🇰🇺🇸 Hong Kong stands with Trump! Fight for democracy and freedom! Stand against this police and National Guard tyranny! So good to see our American brothers and sisters take up arms! Sedition is the ONLY way now. 💪
NOT KIDS ALLOWED PLEASE https://youtu.be/kx_TPMMW_BY
US, a developed country collapsing into itself
If yall dont like the results yall can leave the country that’s what yall trump supporters said in 2016
Donald Trump is just as guilty of murder as Charles Manson!!! All participants in breach of Capital Bld. are guilty of MURDER!!! That woman is dead!
How truly said “shoot em”
That’s awful. People are so angry and and in denial that they will go out of their way to break the law and attack their own capital city.
Donald trump is not a republican. Nor are his supporters. This is complete madness. This lunatic needs to be stopped. Invoke the 25th amendment Pence!
The days of America are over just split the country in two.
Putin is happy. Thanks Trump!
Two questions did trump insite a riot?  and is this domestic terrorism?
So many waving red flags... so much fervent nationalism... so much nativism...  so much marching music...  so much wanting to install a populist pretending demagogue...!    Macht snell.  Cable zuruck bis Deutschland.  Siegt aus wit 1933!   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Far-right_politics Springtime in Amerika!   Winter for Mexico and Shina! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zY1orxW8Aw
The division 2
BLM protested against police brutality, while Trump supporters protest lost because unfounded claims of a stolen election. The diffrence is police brutality is a real issue that actually happens, whereas the election wasn't stolen. It's like crying over broken bones vs crying over not getting your way. Democrats cried in 2016 too, but they didn't storm capital hall.
Has i said again there should called on him Trump to step down from his duty. He's not doing anything but what he does best tweets. What a shame, yes i said it i never i like him Trump ever since he became a president. He's not like abel at all. Trump he needed to turn to the Lord for helped, is so so sad to know this is a new year just started and this happened already it's not even full year yet my god look what is happening in America. The world is watching please please please please let Donald j Trump stepped down now before things get worse in America. It seems to me their are people afraid of Donald j Trump he's a big Bully. You know what their say about some one who picked someone else. Their are soft inside and are hurting inside most of the time they need help so their bully other's to make themselves feel good and look good that's him he does that yes he does that Trump does that to people to feel good about himself what a terrible way to live your life not good. Him Trump have grandkids don't you know their are watching you.  What about the corona virus don't you care , others and your life. I want to say something to the Beautiful people's on the frontline director's and nurse's who are out there saving life's around the o'clock thank you very much not so often that our beautiful nurses and doctors get the praise that their deserves. Many many thanks to you all much appreciated you for wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful work you carried out each day. I am praying for you
no tear gases ? huh?
So where are the all lives matter people? Race doesn't exist people? You're exaggerating about inequality people? The capital is literally covered in security and yet a woman got shot, they swarmed the building, all the senators were rushed out. What is your defense now. This is simply Domestic Terrorism. This goes beyond parties, this is terrorism.
Now they allow comments. Pansy news.
Fuckyeah its about time support from North Carolina my brothers in arms✊🏻
But if they where all black. Hum I wonder
America, not another Trump in the future please...
One side does not wanta leave his spot, the other side cheated.  & yes the Capital building intruders we’re not Trump supporters moron
Prologue, January 6, 2021.
gosh trumpies are such hypocrites
Reclaim your country white man
2020: Gonna bring you a crazy year!  2021: hold my beer.
Hark! Look CNBC! I, Jesus Christ here in tHis second coming during Judgment Day, am in Los Angeles. I'm ready to bring UNION to North America. The U.K. will fall & then those Isle nations, along with Israel, will join Us of the North American UNION. Japan & Samoa & Hawaiia will maintain unity status with Us as We the People expand, to four branches of checks and balances and rules.
God bless these great American's!
Google: How bad is America, really? Americans: We aren't bad!    * this raid happens * Americans: Google is right after all. This is like a Flamingo raid.
Conservatives complaining about looters and rioters now look at them, both sides make America look ridiculous. How about y’all act like grown adults and stop fighting over politics?
They should of shot them all
Xi teabags down on Biden's face 👋
This is what many third world countries have been through due to the US political manipulations in their own countries. I believe, the American people is starting to revolt against the left and its BS
Me in Germany and my fellow Europeans watching like: 👀
Bunch of Terrorist waving a american flag
Here’s some popcorn 🍿🍿🍿 enjoy the show
All HK people support these kinds of riots by non color americans  in USA and  in return Thanks US  Trump supports more riots in HK last year. Now it it the turn for USA to enjoy more  beautiful riots while HK is peace and quiet now after national security laws implemented.
Downfall of the "GREAT" USA. 😂
Good job 👏🏻
Oh..its a not a bunch of thugs rioting..just protesters huh?..lol..amerikkka literally kills me
LOCK TRUMP UP!
All I see here is a buncha hardworking Americans not on government assistance mad that our country is now full of freeloading lazy people wanting handouts...
all the ones breaking windows and stealing the Gucci and Nike were not mobs...only Trump supporters can be mobs...Media is sick
Good
Unlike BLM they don't burn, they don't loot and they don't murder.
These people don't like democracy. They only like their thought leader
Lol other businesses boarded up their windows, so they really think the working class doesn't know how to get past a sheet of plywood? Lol
So quick question, do these people not have jobs or...? Cause I would never be able to get time off to go threaten politicians at the capital. I can’t even imagine putting in the vacation request,
The republican-supporters use their inalienable right for stupidity to 100%...
History will repeat itself
This is what the democrats were hoping for.
Now this is a perfect example of white privilege
The funniest thing about this, as funny as this could be, are the delusional people saying this is "BLM" and "Antifa". Look with your eyeballs, folks. How BLM does this crowd look to you?
A bunch of Karen's and Kens who can't accept the outcome of an election. Smh your dumbasses know they have you on camera lol
Trump coulda avoided this by just admitting he lost!
I don't remember the media being so alarmed when BLM and Antifa were burning cities to the ground and destroying businesses.
Odd.. I thought leftists liked “mostly peaceful protests.”
Shoot them all
Where was the police and the National Guard? Hahaha what trump supporters means is make america racists again
Black lives matter and antifa been tearing it up all year long about damn time we American people done some s*** keep it up
😄 Funny how the Orange dude has now turned his beloved USA into a sh*t hole country...
Good evening ladies and gentlemen do you see what is happening to our country not good at all it was just last year i was talking to my daughter i hopped and pray that there won't be know riots in America. It looked so bad on America because America is fighting against American for what because Donald Trump didn't get what he wants. I believe Donald j Trump needs to step down from his position. Because this can't get know worse, by him Donald j Trump is still in charge it will more likely this will goes on . Let me tell you this is not what a president does he didn't stop the protesters he Donald j Trump he's not a people's person at all he's like pharow in the Biblical time's he's full of hate
What's really going on.  This is the White House for God sakes.  What it's so bad that the police and troops can't control order. All they do is push the people who doing the riot back.  But if it was Black lives matter  It would have been shooting and taking people to jail. They broke doors and windows. And All Trump can do and say is they mad about cheating.  There should be some kind of chargers made.  They did a lot of damage. And all anybody go do is let them stay and do more damage. This  not right.  Trump was elected for only 4 years if he didn't win second   term. Sore loser.  When  Russia help Trump in the  election. They  only  Said he's president now give him a chance. And we did.  Nobody tried to get him out office.  And everybody knew.  Now he fills  guilty and think they doing the same thing to him. Nobody  cheated. And all that damage they did to the White House.  I hope  the tax payer don't have to pay.  Because they  should have when to jail.  That's the White House.
The making of Tekashi69 new music video "Trump Trump"
Can always count on maga cant we 😪
2020>2021 change my mind
So the police can not protect the Capital?  So is  it wrong for the miltia to get ready from the push back? Law abiding citizen never wanted to hurt any one. Now if the gang wants Me, wife, resources. YOU CAN NOT PROTECT ME?  All bets off I will do what I need to to , You can't take of the Capitol?  INEPT is the first thing off the tip of mu tongue?
Real life viruses
On lockdown?   Looks like it’s been taken over lol.
Imagine  the dead bodies and carnage if these people was Black and Brown... They announced the decision on the Jacob Blake shooting yesterday and called out the National Guard in preparation... These people along with the Proud Boys, break into the Capitol with guns and somehow the police suddenly know how to police without murdering people and show restraint... The lives that truly matter was on display today for all to see... The National Guard used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse a crowd for Trump to walk to a Church and hold up a Bible...No tear gas used today
TRUMP SUPPRTERS:"WE DONT RIOT WHEN THINGS DONT GO OUR WAY" ALSO THEM:
Just remember it’s the people’s house and we aren’t playing anymore.
I love how whites are NEVER called RIOTERS yet let Black's protest an unarmed person being murdered and for the start they're labeled!!! They're rioters call it as it is!!
"SOW THE WIND, REAP THE WHIRLWIND"! Harvest time is here!
Now when Congress  returns to the house they'll know that it is the peoples house and they will pay a visit if necessary
for the first time in my adult life I am proud of my country!
참 평화롭게 들어갔네~짝짝짝 정의를 버린 의원들은 36계 줄행락치고~ㅎㅎㅎ
Bring on CIVIL WAR!  Exterminate this Demorat infestation!
RIP to the lady shot in the Capitol, so shocking
BLM and Antifa took over the streets for months and Democrats didn’t care. They burned buildings, burned police cars, looted and the left called it a peaceful protest.   Democrats ordered police to leave when Antifa took over. For months too.   Now the people from the right are having a peaceful protest for a few hours and Democrats call for more police and demand peace and order instantly.   You could make this stuff up. The Democrats have just shown proof they are hypocrites and only want things to go with their agenda.
헐 미국시민 최고~드뎌 방송하냐? 진실방송 하소
I love chaos in this country please keep the hate going I love it 😈
People are tired of being lied to the election was stolen and there mad thats why there acting out and this post will be deleted by main stream media
Trump supporters are a bunch of snowflakes.
We are paying the salaries of these people
Everyone wants this to happen but the media will make you believe that they are violent and are rioting. But I don't see them burning down businesses an cars. Everyone knows biden lost the election .! There is soo much evidence that it's so obvious. So trump supporters are true Americans who love this country are standing up to these tyrants ! Trump can save this country. Joe an kamala are the true evil
Power to the people, eat the rich, burn it all down.
Treason sedition and Maoist revolution are the new normal.  This should go well.  .
No Justice, No Peace! This election was stolen by the Democrats!
Biden caused this not Trump. If it was a fair election none of this would have happened
How is it possible that an armed mob is allowed to storm a government building?? If there is a justified case of using violence, it would have been here!
People finely standing up but probably too late to hopefully not but
And these are the same morons who complain about BLM protests. Ironic.
Who dont want to be free?. Deplorables are saying enough is enough to the media and Dems. They dont want to be controled.
Wanna be a Greg? Subscribe here https://youtu.be/lUHTTWaagC8!
When Hilary was not elected, people peacefuly marched through the streets and Trump supporters told them “It’s democracy, deal with it and go home.” Couple years later when Trump lost they are killing other people, using guns and bombs... That’s insane. And nothing happens to Trump even when he’s clearly supporting this.
They only care when it’s only about themselves
Gta san andreas brought me here
Why do I get the feeling that democrats paid a bunch of antifa to dress like trump supporters to do this. Like if you look at every trump rally across the nation nothing but peaceful but somehow the mayor calls I. The national guard and puts up barricades everywhere and somehow violence breaks out. We need to get to the bottom of who started to push through and see if they are actually trump supporters.
Expect More Traitors!!!
Is this the start of the 2nd American Civil war ??????? Hope not. Pakistan loves Biden, hope his inauguration is not disrupted by the rebels.
Where are antifa and BLM now that Biden is to be crowned.  Are the injustices resolved because he is elected?  Or were the riots allowed to persist because they favored this outcome?  Strange for those riot all you heard were excuses and a denouncement vacuum.
I love it. I want Biden's term to be froth with protests and adversity to his ideals. Hey Joe, it's not a protest it's an idea. Biden, NOT MY PRESIDENT.
Where did the Congress and Senate get these cool mask at the American public can’t get
TRUMP won
USA = Banana republic
They wanted to defund the police and now Democrats call for more police! Hypocrisy at its finest!   You can’t have it both ways. It doesn’t work that way.
Hmmm funny when trump supporters breach a building that democrats are in everyone bats an eye but when antifa and blm riot and pillage cities across the nation no one bats an eye funny how left leaning media covers up their side but when right wing people do it  its treason.
Those were antifa wearing Trump gear
Send in the national guard.
Im honestly very excited to see how things will play out concerning this country is tearing itself apart from the inside. Im so sick and tired of the government picking and choosing who terrorists really are. If they were all people of color, theyd have been shot down by now.
Nikita Khrushchev's chilling prediction: 'We will take America without firing a shot'
If these where black lives matter people they would all be beat up and dragged out. God double standards...
Reminds me of a cockroach infestation.
I don’t condone this at all, but if they don’t say anything about the “justified” blm riots then they can’t say anything ab this
Damn thats the only shot yall got cnbc 🤦🏾‍♂️
Maybe a confusion to remove and steal the votes.
Telling you guys from the beginning Trump is a dangerous man.
We need more stimulus hope this sends a message
"He who sows the wind shall reap the whirlwind". Donald Trump now faces the results of his behave and his actions. I hope we will see Mr. Ex-President in front of a court soon, once he lost his presidential immunity.
Biden doesn't even have nowhere near that many fans to counter Trump supporters
Set up a big diversion outside ,This would be a good time to switch all the votes around, Muahaha .😈👿👹
They forget what dems riots was doing . Biden is a Satan
This is a wonderful sight... Lawmakers fleeing the Capital because they failed to uphold the very laws they created to protect the votes of We the People...
Why are americans so agressive over an election.
Baba vanga” the south of America will start war with the north” “ great economic collapse “ “ Obama will be last president of USA. “: Article from 2016 clairvoyant from Hungary I think said that her name baba vanga, you should check it out, some spooky stuff
We The People are asking for Nancy Pelosi's Immediate Resignation and the unconditional surrender of the Democrat Party!
BS. They should have been shot first then arrested. Fact. All cultures and race it would have been tear gas. Demonizing ppl that was without question suppressed.   Shoot them not b/c they are white. Shoot those mfks b/c they are as->ole
These are the same idiots who tried to raid Area 51, so they break into the Capitol building instead 🙄🙄
People are talking Biden cheated
Fight for freedom America ! Fight with everything you’ve got !
Lol I guess trump supporters can tear up building ..
Good. Steal our votes and we will disrupt your false election process.
The American people are speaking as from the likes/dislikes of these videos and all other political videos.  If there is a video of congress making a decision, the rating shows that US citizens are either for it or against.  It's just that simple.
The lack of police brutality and pepper spray gas is strong with this one
Look at them gangsters nothing but criminals lol
The timing of this 'storm' is uncanny... just as both chambers begin debating the first objection. You honestly believe these are actually Trump supporters? Look at history: dressing up as the enemy is exactly what extremists have done for centuries. So very, very, sad and remarkably naive of the media and the left and political elite to think they can actually get away with propaganda and coups in a free country.
Why weren't ALL the doors to the capital locked?  I'm sure security personnel saw a crowd gathering and SHOULD have anticipated possible trouble. (I was in law enforcement so I know what I'm talking about-PREVENT TROUBLE so you don't have to DEAL WITH IT).  As a former citizen of the D.C. area I visited the capital building many times.  Even in those days (1980's) you had certain doors for public entrance and you couldn't walk around unescorted.  So, I'm amazed that not just 1 or 2 people were able to get inside but MANY!  And those with no attempt to STOP them!  (See CSPAN coverage) They could have accomplished the peaceful protest by staying OUTSIDE!  I have to admit, the size of that crowd was impressive!  LOCK THE EXTERNAL DOORS when there is important legislative work to be done!  Yes, American citizens have EVERY RIGHT to PEACEFUL PROTEST and LEGAL assembly.  But this irresponsible, violent ILLEGAL behavior does NOTHING but hurt their cause and act as a cover for criminal infiltrators (antifa incognito?).  These criminals who used the peaceful protest as a cover for their terriorism just "delayed" the work of the legislative process.( The House and Senate can meet in ANY safe space.)  If anything it strengthened the other side!  The terrorists MUST be found and punished for their illegal activity!  I pray justice be served and those injured be comforted.  Our nation's ideologies have become SO polarized that it may need to divide in order for each to survive.  If that become necessary please may it be by PEACEFUL MEANS.
May God save us all
Heres hoping some politicians get slaughtered. They have been violating the law and getting away with decades of rights violations. DEATH TO THE DEM AND REP PARTIES!
Oh well their peaceful right dont mess with reall Americans
Rest of the worlds: hmmm interesting
You cant dump the trump  !
I bet you anything that the people trying to break down the door are goons from Antifa dressed in red, white and blue trying to make Trumpsters look bad or trying to encourage Trumpsters to become violent.
This is so childish.
The good ol christians who gave blacks the Bible to read are rioting and carrying on like this.   Say it ain’t so.  They are the pure the non violent ones.  The ones who are supposed to make America great again.  I can’t believe my eyes.  I wonder if anyone around the world can believe their eyes.
look at how police act with these people
We gotta pulse !
WE WILL NEVER ACCEPT OBAMA'S SOCIALISM COMMUNISM
Guess the liberals now want to call in their defunded police to handle this
Trump wasnt happy with giving his supporters Covid,, then encouraged them not to vote. Now he wants to get them arrested or shot.  Lost the house ,
The far left burns, loots and steals TV's while the far right breaks into government buildings. LMAO The next four years will definitely be interesting.
Looks peaceful to me these people are not stealing merchandise like democrats
What!? Oh God! 😳
This isn't Trumpsters .... this is antifa & blm ......
Make America Great Again? LOL, Trump turned America into Banana Republic!😒
Guess they will have to wake up Biden.
Four years of insurrection by liberals, rioting by ANTIFA and support from Democrats has set the scene for US politics and means it does not just simply stop with Biden taking the Presidency...
Every person that stormed that building should be arrested and charged with treason.
The democrats did this for4 years. Now it's our turn. Have fun guys dont hurt anybody.
That's quite some Social Distancing 😂😂😂😂😂😂👏🎩🥕
I’m wondering why the news lady isn’t calling those people savages or gang or mob or posse causing a riot that threatens national security. Where are the national guards with the automatic weapons to eliminate the threat at?
The people are angry and you haven’t listened to them so what do you expect?
🇨🇵🇺🇸🇨🇵🇺🇸🇨🇵🇺🇸🇨🇵🇺🇸
An utter, unforgettable disgrace that all comes down to one PUNK, Donald Trump.
❤️Trump
Animal start killing protesters
These reporters should be the first ones to put on the noose necklace for treason.  They are the scum of the earth. With all their lies and deceit. There is a special place in hell for all of them.
New Zealand is so boring, but you in the US live the exciting life! No health insurance, white supremacy, no gun reform and more! Give me some popcorn 🍿🍿
Voters lives matter
Do what must be done, do not hesitate, show no mercy...
Third world country
America is funny to watch each year.
Support Trump from France ! 🇨🇵🇺🇸
insane
Which third world country is this?
Can someone say white privilege
Geez you think it'd be easier to just release the voting machines instead of causing all these problems by hiding things.   You have got to say that this is the people speaking.  Just look into the voting machines
I wish they all would just spontaneously combust along with Trump. The USA would be great then!!
Shoot them like yall do us
It reminds me of the series Designated Survivor..wtf
Looks like some people just went in to film or take pictures, many with a smartphone in their hand
"These BLM rioters must be stopped!!! Why can't that scum be as reasonable and peaceful as we are. Just listen to the police and you won't be shot! Simple!" *storms capitol like a peaceful and reasonable protestor*
Ginny sack is fat
be careful its coming a civil war, and ther democrats don't have guns, should be a fast war.  and they can not call in the military's for help ageist its own people
Just put a giant screeen that says “Go back home children, mommas waiting”
Exterminate them
See what happens when tinfoil hats restrict circulation to the brain?
Gee, I didn't see all this media concern when armed Antifa and BLM were burning and destroying cities.  Oh, wait.... they still are.
Don’t rig elections in Egypt or America this is the result
People who think Biden cheated just think that because they hate him lol
I'm not so sure those are trump supporter in black. Maybe antifa in MAGA hats.
They are Animal's like Trump
Such idiots. What the hell are they even trying to achieve?
We need to storm the media next... they have caused so much damage to this country.
Trump is a nut who is probably, sadly is very happy that he stirred up all of this terrifying, disgusting hatred and spewed it onto his followers just as in our history books state other psychotic leaders have such as Hitler. Wow, history sadly repeats itself AGAIN guys. Terrible and embarrassing that we can not learn from our past!!! Just one hundred percent embarrassing people
Maga eternal
Breaking and Entering - Trespassing - Arson - Violence / shooting and injuring one individual - Assault on a Police Officer - Attempted Coup take over ... if they were black there would be dogs - hoses - spay cannons - arrests - beatings and even death
The elated shadow intringuingly curl because smell conversantly tease times a sparkling shirt. level, milky sky
Hahaha
Washington has been under attack from the Democrats for way too long and this is the result
Now imagine if this was the BLM people how many of them wouldve been shot?  No one would be on the capitol. Think of what message that sends to the viewers out there
america is a really fun place if you are not living in it.
The protestors paid for the building, the seats and the salary of these  blood sucking crooked politicians.   The event is the first major act of defiance of the Democratic tyrants rule over US citizens. This shows crooked Democratic politicians that Americans will not take taxation and tyranny sitting down, and American patriots across the nation are fight for the survival of our democracy.   The election is NOT over.   This will not end here.     The president cannot stop this.   These people are peaceful US Citizens who feel the elections was rigged and stolen.   They have been ignored and dismissed by crooked politicians.  This is just the start.  A taste of what is in store for the crooked socialists who would turn the US into another Venezuela.
The party of "Law and order"
Biden and the devil are going to stay inside for the inauguration wait till then  you're going to see a show I doubt if they can even have an inauguration for that pile of crap be more Trump people show up and boo Biden needs to be harassed for 4 years there's so much evidence out there for a rigged election it has to be stopped now if you let Biden in he's going to give 11 million illegals the right to vote and they're going to control our country forever it's going to be a Venezuela for sure in a few years
HEADS WILL ROLL!!!! HOW THE HELL DID THE CAPITAL HILL POLICE GET CAUGHT SO FLAT-FOOTED KNOWING THERE WAS A RALLY AND KNOWING THAT MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WOULD BE CERTIFYING JOE BIDENS VICTORY???? SOMEBODY NEEDS TO BE FIRED!!!!!
Obviously, Trump's unexplained cancelling  of the Domestic Terrorism Task Force in 2018 will be  a major factor in his trial for sedition and treason to the Constitution of the United States.
We look like one of those 3 world countries on an attempt of a coup.
Go to hell shep
But they did not put the place on fire, or robbed the stores🇺🇸
THIS CHANGES NOTHING , ONLY I SEE  TRAITORS . IT'S DISGRACEFUL .
Those aren't Trump supporters . that's black lives matter dressed as Trump supporters..
For 4 years I have watched Trump and his supporters get mistreated and abused. For 4 years I have watched the media lie and slander Trump and his supporters. This is exactly what Democrats asked for and now they will have a taste of their own medicine. It's funny how the media is calling this a violent riot ,but when black lives matter and then antifa were destroying cities, small businesses and even killing people that was called peaceful protest. Now everyone's surprised all of a sudden? I say good on them. Push Forward!
I do admire these people....They well know that USA is safe only in d hand of TRUMP
Out capitals Like totally under attack Dude😃😃😃😃
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
SE ACABO LA INAUGURACION??
Dont forget to  "lock and load"  We are going down this worm hole!
this is hilarious, trump is desperate.....
If this was any other protest group, would they've come this far? This is so bizarre
No social distancing? Oh no
“Fine people”
where are the rubber bullets and tear gas
I like how this is NOW RIOTING! But wait just a  little bit ago cities were being ripped apart by "protestors". What a bunch of biggoted crap! Burn this mother down!
Make America a laughing stock smh
Wheres the tear gas and rubber bullets?
Me in 2020: Well, the elections aren't going so smoothly. Looks like the US are due for a second civil-war. Me in 2021: I WAS JOKING GUYS!!!
Conservatives in 2016: "you lost, get over it"  Conservatives now: lost, cannot get over it, default to commit treason/terrorism by storming the capitol building with weapons and explosives in an attempt to interrupt one of the most important political proceedings of the nation... sounds legit
Funny how they won’t say these are “peaceful protests,” yet they will when antifa/blm is breaking windows, looting stores, setting vehicles and buildings on fire, and mobbing people for driving on the streets as they themselves are illegally blocking the legal flow of traffic.   Lol pathetic #BurnLootMob
American is truly divided now in the last 4 years of the Evil
Power to the people
The DAMN MEDIA is so stupid. They keep Calling this a Violent Riot by MOB thugs while just a few months back when there was actually MOB Thugs and buildings burning in the background of cities looted and burned and Businesses that were destroyed was a Peaceful Protest. MAY you All Go to Hell because YOU the Media are the Problem with this country... Just goes to show you that the Capitol police, the Washington DC police and the National Guard are all on the side of President Trump and they also Know the election was Stolen,
The trumpanzee's went viral, its just shows how primitive some people are...
welcome to part 2 of 2020
ANTIFA DRESSED AS TRUMP SURRPORTERS
Time for an old fashioned sit in to hold it up til state legislatures can meet.
I definitely have 2 questions. 1. Why use the capital building when you already knew this was set up to happen? And 2. Why weren't  these people shot with rubber bullets and tear gassed?
The younger brother when he loses at playing Monopoly 🙄💩
Well if they didn’t make it obvious that they stole the election for Biden then they wouldn’t have stormed the capital..there is no way  Biden had that many votes, it’s the most ever and Trump is 2nd in all time votes for president popular
Up up up  Trump.s👍🙌 I love.are👌🙏 In poeples🇺🇸🇺🇸 Americas.💕🕊 In Repunlicas.👍
When tyranny becomes law, Rebellion becomes duty
Christ is on the move JUDGMENT IS UPON THE EARTH PLEASE REPENT BEFORE ITS TOO LATE 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
The orange man and his supporters .........
Good!!
The world watches with popcorn.  Fweedumb !!
This is not what America should be
These people need to go home. This isn’t how you protest an election that you lost
https://eu.jsonline.com/picture-gallery/news/nation/2021/01/06/trump-supporters-protest-election-results-washington/6560880002/
I don’t wanna be in the US anymore I’d rather go to the UK or something the US is just full of controversy and hate.
We just coolin here in Europe while you guys fight the members of your own team
Mayor just issued a 6pm-6am curfew..... good luck enforcing that you sloped cranium missing links!
How dare they? Oh wait, they let them in to stir folks up!!
send the UN peace keeping troops to DC!
Wow do people really want a civil war?
SHAME..SHAME SHAME THIS IS NOT MY AMERICA.
If they where blk they would all have been shot
This is a pepeaceful protest nothing was burned down stolen only the election was stolen from the American people 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
it's all peaceful protest now burn it down and maybe add a little looting.God bless all of the peaceful protesters.
Wow republicans are rioting🤯
This is on your President Trumpies
Is this democracy in action? Is Trump so ignorant and arrogant that he would see the US embark on what may well become  Civil War?!? Only fools risk such an end to a once great nation. Respect democracy even if it is not perfect simply because the alternatives are so much worse. Must there be dead in the streets and an economy destroyed?? Will cities and small towns a like burn? It is time to move ahead together, Republicans and Democrats or surrender to anarchy and chaos. What will Trump's legacy be?
They have ironically become the people that they swore to fight against (also keep in mind that these are the same exact people who told us to get over it when trump won 4 years ago
Good   Get joe Biden out by his racist boots  We don’t want no more 1994 crime bill
DO NOT STOP KEEP GOING
Some of these senator's took an oath to the constitution and pull this? Hawley, Cruz, etc. They don't belong in government! Trump and the senator's who condoned and caused this and need to be held accountable for this coo! Trump needs be charged with treason!
This is what happens when you steal an election. People stand up
Bruh where is the common sense in America like wtf
The Supreme Court needs to intervene and agree to look at the evidence so Americans know the TRUTH!
The foundation has never been correct
The Fall of the Romerican Empire
I am from Mexico, Never thought i would see that from the USA
Looks like trumps ready to go to prison for organizing terrorism.
OK ...Hungry and tired go home...Tomorrow come back !!!
This isn't good at all 💙BIDEN 2021💙
If bullets arent flying it's not that serious. Media just pumping it up. This all be over soon.
Omg there’s just too much looting and burning buildings in this riot! Drumf supporters are so violent!
No fights with the police    no burning building no statue drop down no destruction.   Just stopping illegal voted  Go maga.
Well done they knew its coming we cant talk anymore we must defend our freedom against democrats swamp
hay you dems you all must have depeche like biden.
Putin China n Korea  laughing at usa for the past 4 years.   No proper education results  in a stupid population.  ..  bad police training , maga  cannot believe they were lied to by Trump, now in deep shock as they finally realise what a total idiot he is.   Trump will continue to agitate population to feed his own ego.
It's about time this happened. The left have woken the sleeping bear. Time for them to get wiped out 👍
Typical twump supporters. You can't put brains in heads that are filled with pure stupidity.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
SO Scared of the peoples army, actually they are terrified one day people will rise up and clean house, all these corruption is building up and that one day will change America forever and these crooks in that house we paid for, for 30 to 35 years ,like Dynasty, same monarchy, same old crooks running things in their favor for decades, will cease to exist.  Americans are getting mad each and every year, and always left out of the process ,system is rigged, it will never get better for American people, only their masters will benefit ,if you ,we the people objects,we , you will be put into jail or killed.are you ready for this challenge to better your lives, and live in a decent country?..
BRAVO IT WAS HIGH TIME THAT THE PEOPLE MAKE A MOVE WHILE THE LEFT IS DEAF AND BLIND!!!!
We American people don't like the LIARS AND CHEATERS ...
that shooted person goes on Trump
If they were black they would have been met with riot shields and rubber bullets to the face
White Privilege at work in DC.  All the White folks get to go home alive today.  If these were Black folks ... not so much.
It’s time to start thinning the herd of Trump supporters.
Ha ha this is the GREATEST thing i have ever seen .....leftys ur not the only ones that can wild out 👏👏👏👏 TRUMP 2020
Violence is ok when it's your guys doing the "protesting", isn't it...
These people seem to believe that the american people wont kick their asses out of their property.
Trump2020
They think that true patriots who love their country will just stand by idle as their freedoms, good values, and ideals are stripped. I want to fight for the good of my country,  and I'm ready to cleanse it of the corruption within. God bless america!
I swear, i hope they lock trump up once this is over.
this has nothing to do with trump, this has to do with america and its reserve currency status, its coming to an end and result its usually war and currency depreciation.
Joe Biden most divisive president ever !
Mass pool of idiots
Hey trumpies, remember this quote? "We will make America great again"
They wouldn't give the people $2000.. If you out in DC right now.. Use your time wisely.. Go get that money 💰
🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇺🇸🇺🇸
Same o l e  thing   some are antifa   some  cia   operatives  in the group   as always     just junk
*pEaCeFuL PRoteStErS*
Get ready for civil war  You Dems are in big trouble
The media and Biden and the left can say what they want. They can continue the lie that Trump is the one that stoked this in his supporters. But the truth is the MEDIA is responsible for this and their bias. Biden and reporters state that this is an embarrassment and shame and the supporters are being violent and crashing windows and being unruly and that Trump needs to tell them to stop...But lets not forget that the left radicals started that and when Trump called out the governors and Biden and the media to denounce and stop to rioting, looting, arson and violence by The left radicals, Antifa and BLM...NO DEMOCRAT DARED TO SAY ANTHING! Lets never forget that now THE LEFT WILL NOW UNDERSTAND AND KNOW WHAT IT FELT LIKE WHEN THE LEFT WERE RIOTING! The right has not even gone to burn the city., they went straight to the root of the problem!
They should have got flags that say black lives matter the police would have just let them in and Congress would have congratulate them reporters would be saying thank you   I guess it's only peaceful protest when you burn something
They've managed to get in do inside now and they've taken over the government building this is what happens when the Elite take control of voting. People of the UK should be doing the same people of the world should be doing the same fighting for our freedoms if we do not fight the elite will win
dont see no tanks or army suits out there but they were definitely there for the black protests
Good! I hope the government is overthrown...because if democrats control all 3 chambers, our country will be destroyed anyway.
Ahh The Hypocrisy of the right
Just like Nazis, undermining Demokracy whenever they can.
Shows how hypocritical trump supporters are. They are pure fraudists.
This was going to happen no matter who won the election....people right now are so far apart and this country has been split right down the middle with both shouting and screaming at one another....we have watched both sides of our administration say and do things unlike we have seen before and our media has chosen sides and put out news that both say things that just aren't true ....this no different than what happened in the summer and fall months....it isn't by far right for anyone to do what is being done to our country neither side doesn't have blood on there hands....this is just getting ridiculous and scary....I pray our country finds its way back to being the greatest nation on earth and right now we look like disgrace and our enemies are laughing because this just what they wanted to happen...they want us to destroy ourselves from within...people better wake up and realize we can't keep doing this
*Dont worry guys, theyre excercising their right to self defense*
Just one huge ass bomb to blow all of those rats, whose with me?
People couldn't wait to make trump look bad after this.. Stop the steal now and forever
I will miss my president but these raids look terrible for America
Breached the state capitol of the worlds most powerful country.....ya right
Damn straight they did. What did you expect with corruption. Shots fired man hit twice. One in the chest one in the throut
COVID SPIKE AGAIN!!!
People are like old popye they take till they can’t take no more.. tired of all this crap
What is wrong with people?
What does a suspicious package look like?
This is only the beginning if there is not a serious investigation into the election!!!
Voilà ce qui arrive quand un président crie à la triche pour ses propres ambitions. Quelle vision pitoyable montre la premiere puissance au monde entier. La Corée du Nord ne ferait pas mieux.
I Hope americans will find the truth about élections i don't Know what it is. And i Hope Biden will not destroy thé World with too much "progressism". Courage from the greatest country 🇨🇵
Trump needs 20,000 volts passed through his orange wig.
Rise up Republicans!  Love it!!
Wait. During the BLM protests, there was a massive police presence. But gullible Trump insurrectionists just waltz into the halls of congress.
Shoot them all. Show no mercy.  same as when liberals rioted.
What happened to mace, pepper spray, rubber bullets or tasers? Oh I know, they are not black.
THE ELECTION WAS RIGGED!  TRUMP WON BY A LONG SHOT!
Leftists are such hypocrites.  Remember when seizing a Capitol was “freedom fighting”?  https://youtu.be/zeLDmITyAG0
Most peaceful “riot” I’ve ever seen.
Stolen election. What do you expect. Civility.
Give dem sum good ol *LO AND ODAH!*
pray for mike and to remove the yellow of his back amen thank you jesus.
🍺🍿
COME ON LOOSER GIVEUP.BYE BYE DONALDUMP.LOOOOSER TRUMP,HAHAHA
Why didn't they use CBS CNN talk this crap about the black lives matter and Tifa by Dead doing to these peaceful protesters yes they might be getting a little rowdy at least I ain't burning killing people beating people up the world use is a bunch of demon gods thought the Democrats
Donald Rump
Where’s The teargas and the police beatings
What would this bunch of  imbeciles have done in if OBAMA had caused this much  unrest?
And none of this is going to change the fact that Lame Duck Trump will forever be an impeached one-termer.
Joe?? where was that attitude when your supporters were burning buildings and looting, going to homes and threatening politicians?? This double standard is part of the problem. S.O.L....Sons Of  Liberty......
❤❤❤
Get out the popcorn and watch the shitshow
BLM burns buildings all summer.  Texas Supreme Court will not hear Trumps evidence because fear of riots.  Trumps supporters rally at capital.  Trump is re- elected 2020.  Sounds fair to me.  TRUMP 2020
First it was Kim and Kanye, now this. We are truly living in end times.
Its like americans watch too many of their own Movies... What a parody of a country.
Can't get real news from hear
What a damn lie you people are
It's about damn time The Real Americans stand up for this country I let's take it back if it takes to get a little Rowdy to get your attention because the demagogues had destroyed this country from the inside did never been the Russia interfering it's always been the Democrat inside Washington DC and their followers to destroy this country
Continuous prayers for protection and justice 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 for American people
goofies😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
& As far as CNN Broadcasting it along with Fox News, showing over & over, with the neg comments trying to plant a HUG neg seed . Come on man. If that huge ass crowd really wanted to tear the Capital up, it would’ve already happened. Of course you’re going to get a few bad apples that wanted  to take a vantage of the situation. But it does not mean that all those people were there seek and destroy. That’s the N E W’s Version
You can't make this stuff up! Thank God these Cultists weren't armed!
Trump supporters didn’t breach barracades BIDEN SUPPORTERS DID
Very good let's do it again we love the president Trump 4 more years please
Please do not say that Trump supporters breached the Capitol.  We do not know their true identities yet.  It could also be BLM or ANTIFA dressed as Trump supporters.  Plus, Biden canceled his inauguration parade.  Maybe he had this planned with the rest of his corrupt people.
If those were BLM or ANTIFA they would be glorified and Deemed Kind and gentle just exercising their rights while peacefully Setting buildings on fire. These people are insane ..
I wonder how many small businesses will be mostly peacefully burned down during this?
Why is that dude with a Confederate flag and they supposed to be for America just a bunch of racist people to me
Well, the government and media is almost entirely refusing to hear anything. We are almost at a one party rule, so this level of protest seems almost necessary.. This is similar to a case with armed blacks back in the 1960s.
The monsters America created out there and can't be control
This is what has been needed for a long time now
Too Much Voter Fraud ! Too Many Affidavits !  Too Many American Eyewitnesses!!!!!
I completely condemn this illegal, and despicable act, but I wonder if this how it felt on that fateful day in Paris on 7/14/1789?
So those Democrats and their law breaking and vandalism efforts to thwart.....   Oh wait a minute... These are republicans...  isn't this the party of Law and order?
People can't be THIS stupid right?  Oh who am I kidding people are that stupid
BS
The left hired professional rioters to pose as Trump support ers! You liberals are psychotically nuts. God is going to punish your wickedness
Good job, you guys are just like ISIS
breach? the media is adding to this situation. gotta keep those ratings up at any cost.
Banana republic
#Trump2021🇺🇸  make the world great again ✊🏼 from 🇩🇿
Lol...Republicans do not do violence . Do we the people believe this...omg. Trump lost....a handful of fools in every bunch.
Blm and antifa protest and burn down 100s of buildings.......OK  Right wingers protest.....terrorism. ok got it
Hey trump supporters is this the law and order you talked about 4 years ago?
Never concede
This has really made our country look great.
Well the world is doomed, idiotic people are storming the capital.... We are doomed
Look this stupid what they doing
Smh
Oh oh, you poked the bear too many times and it's a Grizzly. 😎✌
Hmmm yeah this looks like Venezuela 2003-2009 all over again. Same script, same colors, hopefully not the same outcome.
the feds. let this happen. a peaceful protest.
So violent omg I'll be scarred for life I need my Mommy .. Those Anarchists help me I need my sheep Blanket
Republicans protesting? Shocking. Don't they know their place? They should be asking permission from the Democrats.
Take are government back
Lol the american media causes massive splits in the public for profit and political gain and then it backfires, now youre on the verge of civil war. Oops
This is why George Washington hated political parties, it has divided us too far.  This is not the America I know. did MLK not teach us anything about peaceful protest.Is this as Americans, is this the level we've stooped down too.
They are aiming their protest at the right people for once not business owners and little old ladies or innocent bystanders. Let see how many people get killed by this mob.. my guess, NONE!
Monkeys
Happy 2021   Cheers everyone!
its about time we did something about this election interference!!
Bible already prophesied in past thousand years that Donald trump will remain as US president https://www.thetrumpet.com/23193-why-donald-trump-will-remain-americas-president
No wonder people all over the world think the american folk isn‘t the smartest, when you see pictures like this. Greetings from europe.
Now you want to denounce protests....
Looks mostly peaceful
There sure isn’t much going on the news is going crazy but look people standing peacefully Trump should pardon them all .
Can not even have a normal vote 4 President . Take a good close look around you. NOT hard to figure out. When no else is happy, they do not want your happy.
Hey cnbc the building belongs to The People!!!
This is utterly shameful. Trump wanted this to happen. The worst president ever. I just heard Joe Biden speak. He sounds like a president. From the UK.
Good thing we have the RIGHTS to storm these buildings when the government is corrupt an no longer works for the will of the people
Must feel good to not be an American for those watching from other countries.
POLAND SECURES FREE SPEECH  WHILE AMERICA LOSES OURS! The full name of the bill is the law on freedom of expressing one's own views and searching and disseminating information on the internet. Under its provisions, social media services will not be allowed to remove content or block accounts if the content on them does not break Polish law. In the event of removal or blockage, a complaint can be sent to the platform, which will have 24 hours to consider it. Within 48 hours of the decision, the user will be able to file a petition to the court for the return of access. The court will consider complaints within seven days of receipt and the entire process is to be electronic."Often, the victims of tendencies for ideological censorship are also representatives of various groups operating in Poland, whose content is removed or blocked, just because they express views and refer to values that are unacceptable from the point of view of communities...like Facebook with an ever-stronger influence on the functioning of social media," Mr Ziobro said. 2 million fine per occurrence!
It's just like the Handmaid's Tale. How cute.
Damn the crowd must be white people, I don’t see no dogs or pepper spray or a large group of police hitting people!!!  🧐🧐🧐
Go go patriots!!! Few politicians condemning the riots and looters in the past months right. Stop the Steal!
What did you expect, all Press NBC, MSNBC, CBS, have bashed Rep. and the POTUS for 5 years.  You have reaped what you have sown!  Hatred, bitterness, vile, vicious, descension!
Surprise! Trump and his supporters do not really want law and order.
Don't worry folks I'm sure Trump will be sending in military troops to clear the streets...
And they say Democratics are violent and brainless!!! 🙄🙄🧐...🤔 hmmmm
I'm so disappointed in this country😔 welcome to america😄👍
Woman shot at US capitol https://youtu.be/GSCX00u3Apc
ONLY CHEATERS FEAR FAIR AUDITS!!!
Lol, the new banana republic. Would not be surprised if Trump becomes a new dictator and tries to keep the power.
YEAH!!! TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!! COPS STAND WITH WITH US OR SUFFER THE SAME FATE OF THE OPRESSORS.
When the Socialist Democrats protest and burn down cities its OK , but if your a Republican and protest your in the wrong 🤔 seems like a double standard. Being an Independent and Veteran of the United States Marine Corps for 6 years it's everybody's right to protest under the constitution regardless of party affiliation.
NOW u wanta know why we do not treat each other with respect, how can we when the leaders of this Country do not lead by example.
Trump is just sitting back and enjoying this!!! His supporters are so embarrassing to the Real American people!!!!!  A mob of thugs and terrorists!!!!
Good
"Chaos, good news" Kevin Flynn.
I love it!
They are not like Antifa, Antifa destroy all the statues and cities. Why the media did not cover that?
What do you think would have hapenned if these were BLM protesters? They'd be tear gassed and shot!
this how the angry people, defend and protect US constitution from the traitor leader of US govt. manipulating Constitution,
Wonder how bad could this next Civil War will be...
СНБС, врёт. Там мирная толпа. Демократы, коррумпированые лжецы и лицемеры. Трамп, победил. Это факт. Демократы, показали всему миру, что вашим выбора, ломоного граша, цены нет.
Damn This is America 🤫
best thing i ever saw. i wish they would have hanged the whole lot ! lol
"You've got to dominate 'em."  I guess we used up all the tear gas last summer.
look at these thugs!
You know this really isn't a good scene but if Biden is not going to address the people instead point fingers you know all he's going to do is Insight more more more problems you know it's like standing at a bonfire and being so many throwing gas on it it's stupid he needs to answer to the people they need to get things handled thank
Lmao, guess Trump is still President!!
HELLS COMING. BIDEN WILL BRING NO PEACE AS THE THIEF. EVERY TIME HE SPEAKS ABOUT "THIS IS WHO WE ARE, AND WE'LL GET THROUGH THIS"  ENRAGES ME. THERE IS NO UNITY LEFT IN US. 👇 WE LIVE AMONGST THE ENEMIES OF THIS COUNTRY.
These people didn't say a word when violent thugs from BLM and Antifa terrorized and set fire to our cities for month's on end. I don't see any trump supporters setting fire or assaulting the police.
Just think about the very DARK SPEECH TRUMP GAVE WHEN HE  WAS INAUGURATED  ...THAT WAS AN  INDICATION OF WHAT AMERICA WAS  GOING TO ENDURE.....TRUMP IS A TURE AND CAPITOL HILL IS THE TOILET, AT THIS DAY AND TIME.IT, SAD AND SHAMEFUL, THE WORLD IS WATCHING...!!
American citizens visit the Capitol building their Capitol Building our Capitol building
Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you, the long-awaited sequel:                                                                                     *2 0 2 1 - It Begins*
THE TREE OF LIBERTY NEEDS THE BLOOD OF PATRIOTS!!!
This is a result of the American partisan  policing. BLM would never dear bomguard the Capitol because they know the consequences. Yet here we are. This has gone this far because of the inequity of justice over the years.   Bryona Taylor was murdered by police in her bedroom, yet to defend  our Nation not even a rubber bullet is fired. 🤬😠😡
Biden should just admit they cheated and step down. It’s only right.
Media being irresponsible , careful fox  don't report anything but verified facts
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🤔🤘 be safe my Patriot s brothers and sister and  we must get back are constitution  and save are country from these  socialists  swine
Viva Trump ♥️
I hate to tell you when the Democrats are doing their thing burning cities down burning s*** up letting black lives matter do whatever they want nobody did a damn thing now people peacefully protest on the capital and everybody's in an uproar it's ridiculous just let them do what they've got to do nobody's getting hurt unless you guys double standards hurt people ⚡⚡⚡⚡⚡⚡⚡⚡
America isnt ran by America at the moment..all you better open up your eyes
Millions of people can’t be wrong!
😟
I thought trump supporters were peaceful?
If the other side did this. Trump would start tweeting to use deadly force. But when the Trumpies do it.  Its patriotic? Yeah ok.  Please
They haven't breached anything don't the people own that don't they have the right to have their word heard I don't think they've reached anything I haven't seen any violence at all
Count how many got 😷 on Covid I guess they don’t care 🤷🏾‍♂️
Peaceful protesters just like BLM and Antifa
Americans.. be same on..: crazy country
Left-right paradigm in full play to distract you from the real problem. Will you be begging for a one world government to solve this? Looks like it.
LMAO!!!
Your coverage is so slanted and partisan!  These are people that expected their elected body to represent them. Instead they are betraying their trust!  This is the People’s House!  God Bless Canada and the USA 🇨🇦🇺🇸
Everyone should know it's only Ok when the radical liberal left does such nonsense. If you're going to storm Capitol Hill WEAR YOUR MASK
Cival war is overdue. Libs and sore loser dems are about to pay for their dirty election games.
Why aren’t these people working right now? Don’t they have jobs?
Amazing. When a liberal behaves this way, it is "protesting". When a conservative behaves this way, it is called bullying and being a sore loser. How quickly this country forgot how the liberals behaved after Hillary lost
Damn shame trump lost get over it
swamp rats just don't get it. We the people think the Democratic swine need to swing, oh wait I meant sing.
I like how they wasted no time using non lethal force on the blm protest but trump supporters literally trying to take over the capitol building nothing.... that’s crazy
literal terrorists attacking our country.
Antifa burns down city block..peaceful protest.  Trump supporters have actually protest..VIOLENT PROTEST BY WHITE SUPREMACY GROUP
The MAGAstapo "patriots" hoping for another bout of Confederate treason 😂😂😂
BLM protestors were allowed to go unchecked for months. What's the difference
Wtf omg ppl are so crazy
YEAH WE'RE ON STANDBY NOT FORT BRAGG BUT FORT GORDON GEORGIA FORT STEWART GEORGIA AND YES THERE WILL PROBABLY BE A WAR RIGHT HERE IN THE GOOD OLD US TODAY AND THEN THAT'S WHEN WE'RE GOING TO GET IT FROM IRAN OR AND CHINA OR AND RUSSIA OUR GOVERNMENT HAS REALLY DID IT THIS TIME GOT TO GET PEOPLE SOME MONEY IT AIN'T LOOKING GOOD CHIEF. 🇺🇸😷🤔☮️👀👀👽🙈👀
CHOOT EM CHOOT EM
2020 was a tough year, but 2021 will be better.  2021:😥
Bowser and Biden. Just let the building burn down.
Disgusting. I blame Trump and his rallies!!
And NBC you are junk news
Wtf is with ppl are u guys crazy wtff
Funny how democrats are now saying how terrible this "riot" is.....where were their voices when almost daily Antifa and BLM were rioting, burning, and causing violence across America and especially in Seattle and Portland where it was happening daily during the last year. Oh wait...cnn, msnbc and the likes never showed it so how were they to know these things were going on. This terrible and never called for but "what goes around comes around"!
It’s all orchestrated
Trump supports: BLM looting is TERRIBLE it's a terrorist organization Also trump supports: breach the capital
Trump 2020
So whatever happened to building the Wall between Mexico and the U.S to keep all the “Bad Hombres”? Out.....by the Way.......all those People don’t look like Muslims or Immigrants to Me (all the People that Trump and his Supporters have always talked bad about since Day 1)
All these corrupt politicians had to do was be honest and fair you brought this on yourself and deserve what you get
Trump needs to be removed from office NOW
Where are the tear gas and the rubber bullets?
Is about time
Stand up and save America before it's too late . God bless America & President Trump
Be safe My prayer are with you all
So what do they think their gonna accomplish ???
Shoot them
If Trumpies hate democracy so much, they’re welcome to leave
Trump, are you going to deal with these "thugs?"
Lol
To the Gallows with the Treason Traitors and we need get the Rino's too!🇺🇲
This is sooooo Kool the coward got his tail btwn his legs ready to flee.trump...this is all bout trump trying to evade being brought to court in the mid east the Muslim nations wants him stand trial...trump knows long as he president he can duct prosecution...this all a joke ..white people making the rules they don't stand for themselves..politic is the biggest dishonest job you can have....yukkkkkk.
Are they going to build another wall? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Also there's no destruction, everything is civilize. The way our constitution lets us protest.... peacefully.
Patriots STORM that hill. Take no prisoners. 👉👌👍
AND YOU'RE SURPRISED AND YOU PEOPLE ARE SURPRISED YOU HAVEN'T SEEN ANYTHING YET DON'T YOU KNOW WHAT DERANGED AMERICANS CAN DO WHEN THEY GET UP AND START THINKING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM OVER THE STIMULUS AND THE ELECTION IT'S GOING TO GET A LOT WORSE SO MUCH WORSE THAT THEY CANNOT BE HANDLED AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH CRAP. SO I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED IF THE ONES THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH WHAT'S GOING ON START REALLY DOING CRAZY THINGS THESE ARE THE ONES THAT COME OUT OF THE WOODWORK OUR GOVERNMENT IS PLAYING AROUND PEOPLE ARE DONE.US ARMY RANGERS 82ND AIRBORNE FT.BRAGG.🇺🇸😷🤔☮️
Deport these anarchists!
This is what happens when they ignore the law and steal an election. Take note Congress. your playing a game with this country you WON"T win.
Warped reporting!!!
When stupid people become weaponized.
Hang them high for treason, start with Schiff
This is a peaceful protest. This is how it’s done. This is the people taking their country back when politicians have failed us.
The bloody lyocell particularly end because input trivially prepare pro a vagabond whistle. special, panoramic millisecond
No burning or looting like the BLM morons...
murrica the great shithole
Antifa planned it this way!,, trump supporters have no reason to this today of all days!
I came home to find my country drunk
Keep your powder dry, my fellow Patriots.
You see lefty media, people want freedom and socialist/ communist dictatorship. For God and Country. God bless America
Trump supporters are the biggest threat to our country
Those people should come to their senses because the election was fully fair
America = third world country
To the people who are “trump fans” y’all look real dumb rn
The PEOPLE'S BUILDING!!!!
Trump supporters hate democracy
Trumps is resigning I HOPE. Pence in charge till 1/20.
Yes, what do you expect when the country is being led by a lunatic?  Dump any and everthing name Trump....right now!!!
Mostly peaceful protests going on right now no biggie.....
Neanderthals gone wild! 😂🤣😂
Lol it's funny when it happens to them.
I mean were just doing what antifa dose on a daily basis
What would happen if Trump doesn¨t leave the White House when he has to?
We should all take it to the "STREETS"  in every COUNTY ACROSS AMERICA.  3000 COUNTIES ACROSS THIS LAND. .... WAKE UP AMERICANS.... STOP CORRUPTION IN YOUR TOWN ..... EXPOSE THEM...  VOICE OF MANKIND IS HERE!!!!     CAN'T WAIT TO LAUNCH OUR WEBSITE SOON..  8 YEARS IN THE MAKING...  DAYTONA BEACH WAIT FOR IT!!!!!
Trump's is hiding in the basement like he did during Vietnam coward
this is just the begining
It's like a Confederate attack on a Union territory.
where are the flashbangs and tear gas for these bums?
Trump belongs in prison!
TRUMP 2020..........
1:59 I recieve 173 everyday thanks to  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
I saw black hoods on the ground at gunpoint, Trumper wear red hats. Just saying....
This is just a stall tactic, Biden will still be sworn in two weeks. trump is still America's biggest loser!
STAND UP! ALARM!  Take to the streets for America's salvation! devil  his people fight to take over America  it is humanity's worst enemy  Take to the streets and fight the tyrants for your future and country!  if you are in america take immediate action to save your country she is a murderer Biden Stand up for salvation!  It's time to stop the oppressors who waged war against humanity, don't be afraid, god is with you!Humanizm wake up! Please...
Find pelosi and drag that witch out by her hair!!!
Media missing the point:  This is Trump’s attempt at a coup.  He’s hoping for an uprising across the country.
We support you brothers and sisters
Yeah did you all know the stimulus check you got is comeing out of your taxes? Plus maybe if they done something about the riots that were going on people might not be flipping out! People are fed up! With all the BS!
America has truly shown their true colors of racism, capitalism, and tension of inequality. I deeply hate it here, its sad  The system was never made for POC to feel protected. It was meant for people like them like it always has.
when BLM protests, are they agitating as well?  hmm
2021 has begun,
White privilege is being able to lay siege on the US Capitol and no one gets shot, gases, razed, or assaulted. A total capitulation of Capital police which will only embolden these lunatics to do it again with more violence next time.
Antifa disguised as supporters.   Same as they dressed as supporters  to attack trump supporters at the last rally.  Predictable.
Devide the US into North and South again please.
And so it begins... and so be it.. let's fight for our country and freedom...
Why weren’t the National guard’s on site in the first place
I pray ppl repent and tyrn to Jesus... Please don't get distracted and instead understand Jesus preaches peace, grace and His coming Kingdom! Taking God out of everything man will destroy himself... Where is the Grace? Pray for America... Speak the Truth yes but in love- God has the first and final say- He alone is Judge! Each will give an account to Him in the end... Love and forgive one another but above all- time is short! Get right with God through Jesus who alone died for the sins of the world... man is fallen in nature hence the above- we all fall short but God loves us that He still sent Jesus as the wages of sin (according to God's Sovereign Law) is death but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus... Turn away from your sins and believe in Jesus as Lord and Saviour and let Him lead you... Eternity matters! Its Antichrist time... the antichrist spirit is in the air (lawlessness)... don't go along with it! Get right with the LORD- time is getting shorter! Love you guys...EyesUp!
That’s 2020 for you... hang on!
Make America Great Again? What's great about any of this BS! Tragic! Disgraceful!
LOL ..... Putin and Jinping are watching while on Zoom together right now. And lovin' it!!
people mad why fraud vote
Kim mine Shepherd Smith.
what kind of privative Neanderthals are these fanatics?
It's time to clean out Washington all traitors need to resign their cabinet positions and flee the country
This is a coup! Hang the traitors!
funny how this is being called a protest...seems more like a riot...guess they're just not the right color for that word
Looks like a "mostly peaceful" demonstration.  Time to setup an autonomous zone.  Thank you dems and anti-fa for showing us what to do.
The People’s Capitol.
Whose the sheaat-whole nation, now ??
They are not protestors, they are terrorists.
Deport them all back to England.
LOOK AT THESE VIOLENT THUGS ASSUALTING POLICE AND COMMITING FELONIES ........ yet every one of them is probably a "pro cop" and "pro democracy" bootlicker any other day of the week
Hope they all get the rona
The President and a few extreme fringe GOP Legislators are doing their best to divide the country by inciting domestic terrorism and anarchy - welcome to the fall of a world leading country to a third world entity - perhaps we can qualify for UN Peacekeeping.
White House Down
TRUMP WON!! TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENTE!
America is standing up and demanding something BETTER from the Hill and thank God for that. This is my America. This is what a peaceful protest looks like for those of u who are not aware. To the Hill and the corrupt ones I hope u understand how many American eyes are watching. Lead by example or get outta the way! Get right or get out! We The People are so tired of the politics. Can we focus on the Americans for once? Can that be YALL’s 2021 resolution???  Because it’s past damn time. Trump 2020.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND!! WHY AREN'T THESE PPL GETTING TEAR GASSED AND RUBBER BULLETS!?!? smh. Yet another blatantly obvious incident showing the double standards with regard to race in America. Let BLM have breached Senate security and I'm sure one of them would have been shot for "self-defense."
Drop tear gas from drones on them.
Shoot them! They are obviously violent and dangerous. Police are well within their right to use force against such law breakers
Americans who talk civil war are on crack.  Neither political party serves ....they take service benefits the people, takers benefit the agendas.  Fight each other while your millionaire and Billionaire make a fortune off of your failure to communicate and work together
If this isn’t a warning on how powerful social media misinformation is, idk what is.
Stand down and stand by huh... Calculated
Great job people, was it the plan all along to create a recess and national guard ? Could you just had keep it calm ? I mean don’t get me wrong, if it was Biden crowd things would already be burning by now ! )
We have a shameless guy and he has shameless supporters.
Don't these protesters know that Trump doesn't care about any of them
Get them hoodlums
Biden needs to stop his ridiculous assumption of becoming President. THAT is what will stop the violence. If he does not, civil war in the country will continue. Representatives for the people failed to take the coup to overtake Trump seriously. THEY caused this! THEY need to take responsibility for their failure. This is why the people are feeling the need to take over and do the job themselves!
They need to shoot those thugs for breaking the law
Trump supporters: "radical lefts" are so dangerous
Half those people there are not trump supporters. Youre being fed lies.
I don't see, in the massive crowd, any Socialist Democrats or Muslims among Trump supporters...what's up, and where is Antifa ???
Where’s the rubber bullets and tear gas?
Real Americans will not accept tyranny. When elections are conducted like communist third world countries then this kind of thing is inevitable an necessary.
Big deal they are peacefully protesting against injustice!!
People are angry!  I suppose they want justice somehow.  Pray for the souls of America!  The demons do not have more power than The Father of Heaven!
Sick of it
*Stand back and stand by Trump told his Proud Minion Boys* First gunshots on tape  https://youtu.be/aLv-W9eeJsE
I like how YouTube videos are calling this a riot and still call BLM actions “protests.”
1:38 I am sent 192 day-to-day with the help of  *f u n d a i l y p a y*
Call yourself BLM and Antifa and you will get away with anything.
Why do I keep getting AoT flashbacks every time I hear “breached”?
Admit it: building is still clean. Only broken windows and doors. That's the difference between blm savages and trump supporters. They do not beat up innocent people, they do not throw handmade bombs into crowd, they don't loot, they don't destroy private property. God bless them
Your country in Peril your Liberty at stake. ...WALE UP A,ERICA!
Are they in costume?
Just saying if it was blm we would have been shot ,gassed and pepper sprayed
This is so stupid. What are they trying to achieve? People need to open their eyes and realize that they are being played.
The Republican party is going through some serious death throws#KILLINIT.
Breaking News: NASA has just reported that someone in the White House has managed to launch a pacifier, rattle and teddy bear in to low earth orbit.
Shepard Smith..turncoat
Looks like war to me
Civil war looks like o my god I hope 🤞 not
Patriots arise!
A New Party is rising, and it will over power both the Democrat and Republican parties.
Good think Trump lost because the left would have burnt down DC
Looks like a "PEACEFUL PROTEST" to me??? I'm absolutely positive the mainstream media will report it was just a peaceful protest and there is nothing to see...😳
The American Republic is owned and controlled by wealthy Zionists and Luciferians. Trump had to go because he is not submissive enough. WETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT your votes don't matter.
Just get rid of the idiot now he’s done n dusted no good to man or beast
They should take all the politicians outside of Congress and accuse them of treason.
Hop should really be proud of themselve
what a bunch of idiots
What happened to law and order?
Patriots It’s time to head to Washington. This fraud and corrupted government will not stand!
Radical Democrats gave us the playbook! Turn about fair play! Republican Conservatives are tired of being nice! We are WOKE and we will no longer take the leftist communist radical democrats pushing us around! Its about time Republicans started fighting back! I can promise you that this is only the beginning! NO MORE turning the other cheek and avoiding confrontation! Let's see how the radical dems like being on the defensive for once!
Where is the National guards, military, police. If they were of color they would of been shot down like dogs!!🤨🤨
We The People!!!
Open fire on all of those domestic terrorists.
Todo esto es un pinche churro mas de mr super presidente
this is Putin and his agents
These bozos out here looking like they found Shrek
Look at all The TREEPS(Trump SHEEP) and NOT a Face MAsk to be found in the Crowd..LOL
Is it me or does Shepherd Smith look like he is finally at PEACE!!
How did they not get shot assaulting cops? Thats rioting  not protesting .why do they get a pass?
Blm was rioting for months looting ransacking..now this peaceful protest is a riot . What a nonsense
The Superior Race turned out to be the fluffiest snowflakes 😂😂😂
Navajo Nation for Trump2020
Man can’t trust any side anymore. Got idiots on both sides now.
Why were they not stopped?!
Please, don’t forget my 2000$ stimulus check. That’s all I ask
This country as become a place I don’t even know any more...
It's to bad they don"t have guns. However that may be in the future.
RED HATS, you can’t get a REFUND for all that silly gear you bought!! Maybe Putin...?
All the redcoats in the comments are wondering why protesters chose the capitol and not a target lmao
Sorters were eacefully assembling... unlike BLM and Antifa’s violence, burning and opting.. with.. their masks n
If these was a black lives matter protest they would've already release gas and smoke
This is what's wrong...wording...they  breached the building... no lady they invaded the building. They bout to take that mf over....ain't no breach
And a woman was critically injured from a gunshot...smh such MAGA pieces of 💩 "warriors"
This is what happens when you push people too far!! They start fighting back.
So why aren't officers using gas and rubber bullets to clear them? They didn't have a problem using them before on other protestors. Wouldn't Trump like another photo op where he can hold a Bible awkwardly?
Is it time to overthrow a corrupt government?😎
How they all get the same day off work lmao
That's just crazy how any of these mob protesters haven't been harmed & or killed. If this was turned the other way around where they actually found evidence of tampering on Biden's side & let Trump stay another term in office then the anti-trump protesters did this kind of thing.....I garrantee there would've been numerous bodies & casualties reported being "immobilized" people have been killed for less than this kind of hostility & not just colored, minority,  gang affiliated threats against law enforcement. WTF!!! Anybody I mean anyone daring to break into Captil Hill by means of mob action should've been eliminated yet all I see is security spraying capsicum & pushing protesters back against barracades.
They should burn down the goddamn building while they're there, we need a fresh start
A fraudulent Biden presidency would NEVER be accepted by the American people duh 🤪
The beginning of the Civil War if it keeps going this way God help us pray America pray
How you beech security 🤔
Sooo... Trump is gonna get charged for Treason now?  This is a coup attempt, and the rioters are technically terrorists.
When the black lives matter marched they had armed forces then why not now
CADAWPDUT
Whirlwinds of danger are raging around us, O'erwhelming forces of darkness assail,  Still in the fight see advancing before us,  Red flag of liberty that yet shall prevail.  Then forward ye workers, freedom awaits you, O'er all the world on the land and the sea. On with the fight for the cause of humanity. March, march ye toilers and the world shall be free.  Women and children in hunger are calling, Shall we be silent to their sorrow and woe? While in the fight see our brothers are falling, Up then united and conquer the foe!  Then forward ye workers, freedom awaits you, O'er all the world on the land and the sea. On with the fight for the cause of humanity. March, march ye toilers and the world shall be free.  Off with the crown of the tyrants of favor!  Down in the dust with the prince and the peer!  Strike off your chains, all ye brave sons of labor!  Wake all humanity, for victory is near.  Then forward ye workers, freedom awaits you, O'er all the world on the land and the sea. On with the fight for the cause of humanity. March, march ye toilers and the world shall be free.
Civil wat has just begun
Trump ralkyhave been infiltrated with. "Real protesters" they all look the same nut intentions show their mission.  And destroy the RALLY  their supportive intentions
Tell the truth you lying, press. The violence comes from Antifa.  Those are not Trump Supporters!!
Antifa agents in MAGA gear!
What's good for the goose is good for the gander
Get ready for the 2nd US Civil War guys!
The responsibility for this disgrace should be laid at the feet of Trump an the 12 to 14 senators,  it is isighting insurrection an treason an a riot. This is so shameful blood is on his hands an there's someone got shot because of this again INSURRECTION AN TREASONOUS shame on these Republicans for there grandstanding an perpetual spreading of lies....
Well , one things for sure,  those are all WHITE TRUMP SUPPORTERS,  so they definitely dont have to worry about getting Beat , Tased or Shot by the POLICE.  If they were BLACK, the Police wouldve used DEADLY BRUTAL FORCE immediately , lol
Why aren’t they wearing masks
Get rowdy!!!!
Notice how these Trump supporters aren't destroying or vandalizing anything like the Democrat terrorists from Antifa & BLM always do?
imagine if they were BLM protesters
So many pathetic losers at one place, thats not "civil war", thats a circus for free.
these are the "thugs" trump be talking about.
WAY  TO  GO  ANTIFA !   D R E S S   U P  I N  A L L   B L A C K  &  W E A R  R E D  M A G A  H A T S  & B L A M E   I T  O N   T R U M P   S U P P O R T E R S !   Y E A H.  S M OO T H  M O V E!  S T O R M    T H E  C A P I T O L,  W R E A K  H A V O C  ( J U S T   L I K E   A N T I F A --  D I S R U P T,  I N T I M I D A T E ! )  EVER  SEEN  ANY  TRUMP  SUPPORTERS  ACT  L I K E  THAT? N O, N E V E R!  CLASSIC  DIRTY  TRICKS !   REAL  TRUMP SUPPORTERS  WOULD  NEVER  ACT  LIKE  THAT!  THEY  WANT THE CONGRESS TO ACT  FAIRLY  &  CORRECT  ELECTION  CHEATING.  THEY  WOULD NOT  DISRUPT  THE  CONSTITUTIONAL  PROCESS!
I suppose Trumpets were right about one thing. Civil war may be necessary to drain the political swamp of these “Republican” traitors.
It's only okay when Communists do it.
It's fine they're just protesting I don't see any statues pull down There's no fires  They're not assaulting anyone just the liberal stations trying to blow it out of proportion remember they refuse to cover the last 6 months of rioting
Jail those who break the law.
Wow y’all spoke of the riots over the summer like a slumber party but call trump supporters violent 😂😂😂😂🤦🏻‍♀️
those are exactly the people who called blm thugs and looters. just fckn grow up and accept that youve lost the election
Got damn pink booty heathens, you lost go home!
3rd world country
Wait I thought the loved the police and blm Are the violent terrorists. Smh
Good job patriots!!! Remove the trash, by hook or by crook! Need big trucks full of sand and snow plows  things on front for ramming
There just doing as he say. Patriotic? maybe yes. But also..Wrong. Disrespectful. Aggressive. Negative. Sad. Embarrassing. Destructive. Dangerous. And causing fear. No worry the people who get arrested will be good and dandy by mo day. At most 8 hours of community service. I am not sure if there some one higher or how it works. Like the bosses boss. Not trying to sound like a Karen. And if there is somebody of higher rank. If their is its probably time to do something about it and re establish how things are done. Much love sent you way. Like if it wasn't enough 139 people USA Citizens. Human beings! Are dead every 60 minutes. Time to focus on priorities.
Isn't this a teapot calling the kettle black ... Talk about hypocrisy Talk about irony Now I know a lot of you Trump followers probably don't know what hypocrisy means or irony based on your actions your behavior patterns if you want me to tell you what it means please hit me up
Burn all Democrat buildings!!
Retirement funds, and savings may well be pirated 🏴‍☠️⚔️ to pay for some of the consequences of the present crises.   Bitcoin and Łitecoin are lifeboats 🚢 🛳 rising as the tide comes in.
Had it been the other side trump would have sent  his goons to clear it out smh
We need a civil war trump 2020 baby
CHINA IS AT WAR WITH AMERICA. THEY ARE DESTROYING US FROM WITHIN IT'S THE PLAYBOOK OF THE COMMUNISTS. WAKE THE HELL UP. REUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS STARTING WITH PENCE ARE ON THE CHINESE PAYROLL.
It is like any third world country what a shame
Trump!!!
We think as an infiltrator wwarned that Antifa would wear mega gear to start trouble in blended in n make the process stop in congress as a plan.
Lock him up lock him up lock him up!!!!!!!!
Did they get trump
After 30 to 40 years of bad corrupt politicians and people suffering this is no surprise. The Mainstream media is also more corrupt. People are fed up...
God we pray you keep these people safe as they go into destroy our enemies.let them know that they are not alone there are many more of us coming God we pray you  walk beside us and keep us strong as we destroy the evil that has threatened us. In Jesus name we pray amen
TRUMP 2020 2021 ....
How sad that after all these protest we get the same sad results.
We are sick of this Fraud
CBS News calls it mob violence but that is a distinguishing Mark of Democrats is it not?
Call then what they are, insurrectionists.  There is NO other word for them and they are going to jail.   Trump could stop this but has NO intention of doing so.  I think he tweeted something like "be peaceful everyone:.  He will burn the house down.  If HE can't have it, no one else can.  I can't wait to hear the phony "oh the horror of it all" speeches from his sycophants and enablers.  YOU created this.
IF PEOPLE HAD A VOICE THIS  COULD HAVE BEEN AVOID.  WHERE ARE THE REAL VOICES FOR “WE THE PEOPLE?” WHEN DOES A  FEW PEOPLE SPEAK FOR EVERYBODY? 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾👍🏿👍👌GOD CHOICE PRESIDENT TRUMP. IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THAT TELL GOD ABOUT THAT❤️
Antifa infiltrates the Trump supporters, it is well known. But hey, people are tired of being jerked around. The French did it in 1789, it is called storming the Bastille
That’s what they want civil war. But we can’t be divided we have to fight officials and that’s it.
Every one that broke into the CAPITAL should be SHOT PERIOD! This is TERRORISM THEY ARE TERRORISTS.
How can so many people be stupid worshipping a con man.
And they criticize Democrats for the George Floyd Riots, at least that had a just basis on it, this is the most embarrassing country to be a citizen of period.
This is so wrong walk away peacefully before something happens u made yr point we hear you
They are just exercising their parotitic duty as citizens as our forefathers did in 1775. The government does not serve the people, but serves its self and its elite "masters".  Trump was ostricised because he is not from the elite "gang"
Another idea, people roaming around (though they shouldn’t have) is more dangerous the burning down cities!
Looks like Pats are ready to exterminate 🐀 in the WH 🤨🤨🤨
See a lot of all black clothing but wearing Maga hats walking around with the Antifa hands up gestures
Well? Where is the tear gas, and the riot police now?
I cant help to think looking at this mob, mostly white that nothing happens........black lives matter, peaceful protest, break out the tear gas. So sad.
Attempted Coup 'Detat!
“LOOk aT BLm  anD ANtifA RioTing and LOOting”
When all these people die, that means more jobs for Mexicans lol
Where's Big Orange Turd Diaper Don? Run to his bunker, that's where.
I'm really worried about what's going to happen at Inauguration day, anything could happen at this point... bombing, shooting. It's terrifying. The secret service and police will have to work harder than ever to keep everyone safe.
They are steeling stop trading now!!!!!!!!!
The secret service will be escorting the outgoing in handcuffs on January 20 because he is facing charges of inciting a riot, bribery and treason. The incoming attorney General is going to file charges of treason for any Republican congressman or senator that tries to prevent a free election, where the people voted and the electoral college voted.
And conservatives say we were the crybabies...
Those are Antifa dressed like Trump supporters.
Just wait till Biden takes office.  You haven't seen nothing yet 😂
The president  is a CLOWN.....now your getting  a circus
It has begun, remember Democrats all we wanted was a fair chance if Trump lost he lost but you know he didn't lose and you know if the shoe was on the other foot you'd be screaming fraud. Things will never be how they were.
Thump is pretty much like 3-d world country president, keeping his president place by teeth.
If someone finds the door to narnia please tell me where it is
Just smoke bomb them to hell.
so there's NO Antifa protesters at the Capitol building ????  it's all Trump protesters ???   sure, sure.  TAKE THE POWER BACK!
What is going on in America? I thought America was the greatest country in the world so what happens now?
If minorities did that they would of been shot with rubber bullets and tear gased and national guard and swat would of took bus loads of people but this is white privilege at its finest if blm would of did this alot of minorities would be in hospitals and in jail why isn't that happening white privilege sad very sad no one is above the law take them to jail in bus loads and if they touched any law enforcement officers take to jail that is a felony even if your white the law is the law white privilege doesn't exist they should of been treated exactly like blm no different proud boys is a terrorist group they actually breached the gates that is  a felony treat them just like if they were not white period
The breach was Not Maga.. But Antifa  thugs.. You idiots..
HAVE HEARD THAT 45 Antifa impersonating trump protesters are the ones causing violence and destruction.
Re Claiming our government...
WHERE'S THE PEPPER SPRAY AND TEAR GAS?????!!!!
Live streaming shows the people (Trump supporters and antifa were not armed and weren't doing damage in the capital building.
Biden thinks he will unite America..that's fool wont unite nothing because he stole the elections ..more than half the country knows what the democrats did and we will never forget..we are tired of you socialists..we are tired!!
Looks like a peaceful protest to me
Mostly peaceful ☮️ protesters! Mostly ✌️!!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE
It is a peaceful protest no one knows yet who breached the WH
Yeah they bussed in Antifa, who are dressed as Trump supporters.
Criss  Christie go home you have been bought by abc.. turn coat... you are getting as bad as George..
Trump supporters did not storm the capital building. It was probably paid agitators from the left. But, you won’t ever hear about it because it’ll be covered up by the media.
Peaceful joggers
Stop the violence I will pray for peace please do not hurt them
Power to the people, drain the swamp.
Burn the place down start with Pelosi office.
Nothing burning like Antifa BLM
A breach of the capital building??  That building is bought and paid for by us, american citizens.  We have every right to be there.
Congress- are you listening now
Where is the tear gas ?? They break into the Capitol building but the cops do nothing to them !! That’s just disgusting  !!
Anyone notice the Rambo trump flag
There is no violence. We The People are sick of the Tyranny.
This is a disgrace to our democracy this is so pitiful!!!
If this was Democrats they would be labeled Radical Left. We new this was going to happen. 🤬
No tear gas? No Rubber bullets? Hmmm..
They have a right to be there and I don't see them harming a soul they're just trying to stand for truth and praise God
I see nothing being destroyed looted or burned!!!! Oh i guess that would be the left wing Nut Jobs who do that!!!!!
Not to worry, congress will pass another "stimulus" bill to quell the plebians. Financed with freshly printed Federal Reserve Paper
Easy just count the 'Thumbs Up' where Republicans speek!!!!
Jesus Christ, these people are insane!
Where is the police,it looks like they are missing in action
Criminals
It's disgusting how all of these damn media stations continue to call these jackasses PROTESTERS! But I know why, so carry-on America, as the boat continues to take on more and more water. 😑😒
patriots!!
isnt this like CHAD
Where in the world did these people learn this behavior…oh yeah the Brett Kavanah hearings .
wow
USA! USA! USA! LONG LIVE DEMOCRACY AND LONG LIVE PATRIOTS! ONE NATION UNDER GOD!
I dont see any tear gas or pepper spay for these protesters. Lol what a tire fire of a country
Wow these people are all insane. Seriously. No respect at all to their constitution and their laws. Very barbaric and uneducated ways.
And what did y'all think was gonna happen.
I can't be mad at Trump. He is a stubborn person who was always going to complain no matter what the results were. I'm mad at the Republican Senators and Congress people who knew better yet played along with Trump's delusion as part of a political calculation. These men and women will be known as the people who undermined our institutions and if America ever does fall into tyranny it will be because of them. Never forget their cowardice and lack of respect for the American people.    It isn't enough, but I applaud the few Republican Senators like Tim Scott and Mitt Romney who would not aid an inspiring dictator's attempt at a coup by taking a stance against the objection of electors. At the very least those few Senators try to uphold their oath to defend the constitution.
Thank God Trump is out after the 4 horrible years. What would happen after 8 years. Watch out for Ivanka in the future
Awe..a package?
Trump and these idiots need to be prosecuted
God Bless our Patriots, !!
whats worst than trump are his supporters.
Is the capital burning? No!  Someone should let the Chief Joke of the Supreme there is peaceful demonstration going on.  Now they might hear the law suits.
The Liberal Tears in this comment section is overwhelming!
so you stood by and let big tech and the media silence voices and now you want to cry about how democracy is in a downward spiral.
Please call in natl guard this is disgrace to the Republican Party no one should attempt to enter Congressional chambers the electoral college will be verified and I believe the republican party to which I belong to needs to except that Biden is the next president half of the people or 3/4 of the protesters don’t even know what they’re protestingThey have no idea how the political process goes they need to take a civics course instead of protesting and vandalizing it’s a disgrace to any party or to America
There is no more confidence in American elections.
apparently you are not informing your viewers as to when this started. they used tear gas and bullets at the start inside the building, the woman shot in the neck has already died and still, they stand around, singing and waving flags... no fires, no assaults, no paint, no statues pulled down.. i think they are doing the 'protest' incorrectly.. they should have paid more attention to how it was done daily in 2020.  youtube has already removed the house video where someone yells from the balcony above the chamber and the cowardly democrats and their security run out of the room.
This is what happens, when cheating is overlooked. Not so much with Trump/Biden elections as MUCH AS with Bernie Sanders vs Iowa, Shadow app, Pete Buttigieg etc. There are your facts that the DNC has an apparatus for cheating in place. BUT YOU Re-thug-la-cans will NEVER USE this evidence. Simply bcaz it is not on your side of the isles.
where’s the tear gas and rubber bullet from the police hm? they would’ve been shot in 2 seconds if they weren’t white. wait they probably brought they’re own guns.
People are angry over the injustice in our Country!!!  We demand the truth!!!
You all let the BLM get away w more and these are peaceful stop ✋making it worst and drama drama drama, democrats u should be afraid.
Ready for 4 years of peaceful protests?
The government (under Trump) planned this. Trump asked people to show up on 1/6 to protest. Placed minimal security around D.C. (which is obvious when compared to the police presence during BLM protests). He then shows up to give a speech and incite the crowd. Now, all he needs to do is sit back and watch the chaos. Perhaps declare martial law as Flynn had suggested, or at the very least, this will put pressure on the senate to see things his way.
The whole of America is officially the ghetto 🤭
This is what  happens when a stochastic terrorist refuses to concede.
Let’s see Trump come out and hold the Bible 😊
sure are a lot of ignorant comments in here. this is a peaceful protest,. no beatings, no buildings burning, no Molotov cocktails or fireworks being thrown, no looting. this is Patriots protesting a severely one sided election with so much fraud and irregularities. It doesn't matter if your a Republican or a Democrat or any other party Standing. This election was a travesty of justice. Everything we hold dear as far as our free rights to elect officials fairly and by majority without interference or fraud are at stake. If we don't stand as a Nation of one people to require that our elections are fair and honest, We might as well just have a King. You people in here that don't understand this ideal or are just blind sheep should be ashamed of yourselves. It doesn't matter who wins. It matters how the election process is kept for the people by the people. These people work for us, they spend our money they govern our Country, they pass our laws. We don't work for them!!!!!!! Open your eyes people.
Arrest trump for start all dis riots n fights it's his fault he responsibly for all of dis he should be lock up in prison for his crimes he caused n for everything else dat he did wrong also a lady got shot in the neck because of trump so lock his ass up now we need the law to step up n arrest trump again he needs to go to jail n stay for good
Ye ha ,its coming the demorcrates asked for it I guess their gonna get it
this is on law enforcement because when they broke the first line of defense they should've started shooting then and how in the hell they get in and not get fire at the treat.
glad . if u do not fight your lawmakers will be anitfa terrorist who once looted your business and house.
They are just waving flags let the poor grieving fools get it out of there system. What are they gonna really do
US Spring
Only the beginning. Keep playing with our freedoms. Watch what happens.
The thieves now run and hide !!!
This is what happens when two fundamentally different views of the world are FORCED to be governed by one body. The divorce between the states has been due for a very very long time.
I love it, destroy yourselves over a rich man, now lets see if civil war is going to happen how much money is he going to give to support the effort😂😂😂😂
BOTH PARTIES ARE AT FAULT WE NEED TO START OVER DRAIN THE SWAMP ON BOTH SIDES
Where are the cops .The people here are not peaceful they are quick to gas peaceful  protesters .
Time to clean are guns.  The Democrats lost the first time and they will lose again!!!!!!!
CIVIL WAR NOW!
And...........there goes any dignity this country had left. I know we talk about you like its a third world country now youre actually taking a page out of their playbook and starting a civil war? For gods sake youre supoosed to be a city on a hill not a copycat.
Trump issued ORDER 66
Pence let us down so sad
Hey just teargas them like before
Whelp, this is DEFINITELY anarchy but U kno what it is with these "ppl" smh 😭"BUT ANTIFA!!! BLM!!!!!!!WHAAA MY LOSER-I MEAN LORD TRUMP!!!"
Wrong again. Lots of true. News on internet with digital soldiers
All i see is terrorists in my eyes, traitors to their constitution. Their ancestors are probably rolling in their graves
When it's still socially acceptable to make fun of the so-called deplorables this is what you get.
they’ll all shut up once they get a $2000 stimulus check in their bank
THIS IS AWESOME LOVE THIS CONGRESS NEED TO BE CLEARED OUT OF THE CAPITAL
TRUMP
where are the police, tear gas and riot gears?. Trump protesters get special treatments while others gets tear gas, batons and tanks
We will not back down ! First wave peaceful ! We are greater in numbers than BLM and Antifa !!!
Trump issued ORDER 66
Shameful that Congress had to run, the people who charged in looked like animals.
Where's the tear gas and flash bangs?!!!
Maybe they use the tear gas they used on BLM protesters...... They seemed to have plenty earlier this year.....
What gets me okay not only did they breach and vandalize but they did it to the capital that there itself is an act of war or should I say an act of treason and I know a lot of these Republicans are going to say that's not an act of treason yes it is my man you're talking to someone who served 10 years and United States army as a sergeant that's an act of treason thus in there for the military should have moved in to take care of the situation but they're not black so that's not going to happen in America this right here shows you how dirty and crooked America is how dirty and crooked the Republican party is take the loss get over it you lost fair and square
Where's the national guard?  Pepper spray cannons etc.?
So in the summer blue lives matter to trumps ppl but in the winter when their feelings are hurt obeying the law no longer matters to them and they justify it.. Where is the rubber bullets and tear gas to push those terrorist off of our capital???
THIS IS THE  TO MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS FAULT FOR LYING TO AMERICA THIS IS EXACTLY HOW YOU GET YOUR COUNTRY BACK
Let’s the civil War begin. My M4 will protect Biden and his followers
Get bent shepard s.
Taking a stand from the evil.
Hm America caving in on itself, a country dies not in a blaze of glory but to laughter from others around the world who watched this, good job you did what your British, and soviet friends wanted after you sucked them off in the first and second world war
Let's bring democracy to US !! 🇺🇸
All i see is a bunch off terroists.
Wow this is so unbelievable!! This is a domestic attack against our country, the United States of America by the president of the United States of America. He is no longer a president, he just became a leader of a mob and he is still sitting in the White House. So unbelievable! Disciplinary action should be wielded on him. This mob leader just destroyed our country we are now a third world country,so sad. The craziest thing is that a lot of these people are responding to the misinformation and disinformation of this mob leader. This is what happens when low intelligence slips through the cracks onto a position of power. Trump should be walked out of the White House in handcuffs. Maaaaaan this is sad!!!!
The ones who were supposed to watch over the country gave up on its citizens and this is what you get... now its go time..  may the best man win.....
We have more guns than they do
REPUBLICANS THIS IS YOUR FAULT WHEN YOU VOTED HIM IN OFFICE IN 2016 BRING BACK 2020
Bloods lol
Yeah it’s called antifia. No one outside is rioting... it’s not that hard to dress in black and wear a maga hat and blend in.
Wait til everyone there finds out the police are shooting ppl in the neck. You fk up and &$#@ is about to hit the fan.
Idiots !!!
They didn't report any Antifa BLM riots this hard.
But PEOPLE we're gassed and shot with rubber bullets in a park. A damn park. But this happens with no push back? Oh that's right all Republican protestors. Treat them nice now. Remember this is a felony what they are doing.
Looks very peaceful compared to any of the recent video clips you normally show, why’s that?
Show them what a peaceful protest really looks like!
Typical of a president who wants to make “America great again” inciting violence and breaking the law. Shame on you trump supporters and SHAME ON YOU DONALD TRUMP! You are a disgrace to this country!! You are the Antichrist!
Oh! What fun!
USA just gets dumber and dumber and we can watch it all live :O
Trump should be held accountable! Period
Where is the burning and the looting? Oh yeah it’s republicans protesting. Makes sense.
Where's the tear gas they don't hesitate to use against peaceful protesters?
Send in the Military.
There seems to be a different level of response when the protesters are white fascists.
Looks like Vice-President Pence has failed America. Pence has always looked too much like a good boy.
Antifa wearing Trump hats
We need to remind ourselves we're all Americans! Not Republicans vs Democrats, we must remain united even if we differ from political affiliations. God bless the UNITED States.
Well show us
Shoot em down like dogs
Drag the Democrats out in the street
I love it.. take back whats ours. Dont back down...
These people need too Go back to Alabama
I bet the Capitol building will be occupied by the protesters by the end of the day.
Time for a revolution , lessons not learned in blood are soon forgotten 👍
Yeaaaahhhhh, America is so headed for the Second Revolution
Based coup VS cringe voting.
I do not support any group who destroys and causes harm but I do find it funny how its being treated differently than the BLM and Antifa protest who destroyed billions worth of property, destroyed families, killed people and they called it "mostly peaceful" while this gets called a riot and terrorist act.  I dont see them trying to lock them in a building and setting it on fire though.....or looting the local walmart and gucci.
TRUMP 2020
this feels awfully close to treason
America creating instability in foreign countries so they can profit from them for decades, now they are doing it to themselves. Makes you think about the methods and tactics you teach you politicians.
Oh look....they will report on this..  Why not report ANTIFA THE TERRORISTS  JIHAD IN THE US AND UN ?
declare autonomous zone and see how long that is allowed to go.
Someone just bring fireworks and pop them,  and watch how they make everyone go home,  was it shots or fireworks the world will never know  But y’all got to leave! 😂
And here comes the national guards
Call in The Troops! Other Countries are watching The U.S.A!
Hardy Har Har . tWumpy is out and no one can change that. Grow up tWumpy supporters and accept that you backed a full blown LOSER.
Put them in jail
Give the people what they want and it won’t happen! Trump 2020
This is the reason why black Americans should move back to Africa away from America although Joe Biden will become president on 20th January this month of 2021 after Donald Trump. It still won’t solve racism in the country honestly. 🤦🏿‍♂️
Leftest: “PeAcEfUl pRoTeSt” Trump supporters: *take a stand because of election fraud and riots* Leftest: RiOts!!!!!
ANTIFA dressed up as Trump supporters.  They said they would do this.  Who was the one ANTIFA member calling inside the capitol?
SHOOT THEM ALL ,WE GOT ALL THE SCUM IN DC ALL TOGETHER ,BIDEN IS YOUR NEXT PRESIDENT AND DEMS CONTROL SENATE NOW !!! GO BIDEN 🔵🔷🔵🔷🔵🔷
That begs the question. If Trump has such a ferverent support then how come he lost the election?
Violence from May to October, from dusk till dawn, 7 days a week, burning cities, looting buildings, murder, this was gleefully condoned. Dirty hypocrites in full force. PS Antifa and CBLM breeched the capitol.
WOW HELLO CRAZY PEOPLE.I THOUGHT I WAS THE CRAZIEST LOL.AMWRICA WILL NEVER BE THE SAME.BUT I LOVE AMERICA.GOD BLESS US ALL.I FEEL SO CRAZY.DOES ANY ONE ELSE FEEL CRAZY TOO.
Time we grew some balls!!!!
Most likely antifa in disguise.
I SWEAR TO GOD THIS IS NOT GREAT 👍 AGAIN..... CHINA 🇨🇳 WANT TO COMMAND THE UNITED STATES 🇺🇸?
Where are the tanks, tear gas,german shepherds, angry police ready to shoot at will🤔
Just goes to show that Trump supporters are crazy, supporting a crazy man!
I think the real Americans are not happy that Biden may be their next president. It looks as the messes voted for Trump and want Trump to be their next president. I mean look at the crowd whom as come to make sure that they individual voices are heard that Trump stay in power for the next 4 years.
All the alphabet networks are beside themselves because Patriotic Americans are letting the voices be heard.  But these same news anchors basically ignored rioting and looting by blm and antifa pukes.
It’s a peaceful protest fellas!
RIP America I was proud to have served you in the Army  Death 2021 cause of death Democrats
You my friends got it wrong not trump supporters  it's Antifa so get it right  Nope I'm not i trump supporter just calling it out as what It Actually is
Tbh we needed this to happen
This is somewhat how the last civil war started which should have been taught in school instead of lying to us saying it was primarily over slavery
Imagine if that was BLM protesters army would have gotten called in
I hope they all get Corona virus 🦠 😂
Shoot them all!!!!
A simple solution, have the *PA system announce:* The Police have been authorised to treat protestors as Black Men. _The MAGA's would scatter in an instant._
But they call BLM the mob... the hypocrisy
BLM ARE RIOTERS   Trump supporters:
George Soros News
We all no it was rigged deep down.
There are tons of live feeds on YouTube. Turn this off and go find one. Can’t get anymore truth then watching for yourself
We are tired of this crap, get rid of these fat cats
Trump people at its best
And the end begins...
Distrust lies hate not a America’s best day
Time to start treating them like the BLM folks were treated.....
This is what happens when people's voices are not heard, Nora has hated Trump since he got in and keeps asking who instigated this, simple answer is....FRAUD plain and simple and yet nobody wants to listen, it's sad that it's come to this
Punch of criminals. Need to be deal with Quick.
Seems like authorities liked trump also 😂 oh dear.
Lmao 😜
Police just needs to shoot these idiots!
I don't see any  Biden/Harris flags there.  Do you?
Most definitely a cult.
Get the military out there and  take care of these domestic terrorists!!!!!!
God damn election was a fraud and weeee the people are not putting up with this crap anymore .sick of the corruption  and heads will roll..
Use police brutality.😈
This isn't like the radical left Antifa.  I hope they trash Congress!
Wow wow wow!! If this isn’t WHITE PRIVILEGE!! THEN WHAT IS??!!! Wowww white men can do what ever they want
Is this the world's greatest democracy ??
Covidiots 🤣🤣🤣
1 person shot this constitutes as a RIOT not no Damn protest
Wow
Burn It Down!
Why is this called a "breach" or "storm the building" instead of a "Peaceful Protest" like all the ones we watched for months being called "Peaceful Protests" while buildings burned, windows shattered people being beaten?   WE ALL REALLY KNOW WHY - IF WE HAVE MILLIMETER OF A BRAIN!
Donald - you must be so proud of yourself... you have been able so show the boys and girls, first hand, how democracry works  in authoritarian dictatorships.. welcome to the third world!!!!!!!!!!
BLM blocks traffic police open fire MAGA commits an act of war and ..... they don’t do anything
Shoot them all
Trump Supporters wearing all black wearing AGA hats, you figure that one out...
stop the Trump Nazis
The police were told to stand down when rioters were burning down cities. they were allowed to as they pleased. But when the peaceful protesters get fed up and want to take back their government from tyrants. It is a mob...I say drag the tyrants out in the street show the world we have had ENOUGH. 73 million people will be heard.
How did the fat guy make America great again? We must have missed that part. LOL
Don't forget....Breach the left wing media next...rid them from our planet!
Black people would have been killed and no police would have been charged. But this is okay. Tell the president come march with his people.
"EXECUTE ORDER 66"
This is antifa and you know it. Not Trump supporters. Masked and wearing black
It okay there just protesting .. treat them the same as the blm protesters were let them burn down a town or 2 ...it's okay ...but really protest don't destroy ... Not right for anyone to do this ...
How is this a protest! so let WHITE people do whatever they want basically ...
French Revolution type beat
This is so god damn crazy
Now, they can lock him up!
Snow Flakes huh
June 2020 be striking back some irony
Imagine all the crazies that didn’t make it to DC, America is a dangerous place right now and it’ll get worse whatever the outcome. Very sad indeed
Tui yêu và kính trọng tổng thống nước Mỹ Donald Trump vô cùng 2020-2024
I  don't give a f**K send me my stimulus check...
Dictator Trump finally gets his Reichstag Fire moment.
Go Protesters!  Congress is a disgrace! They caused this!
I hate them. I hate all of them.
I hope you have them on camera
My country tis of thee sweet land of liberty of thee I see. Land where my father's died land of the pilgrims pride from every mountainside. Let freedom ring
YES!!! i hope someone gets a gun inside there and aims for democrats!!!
Kenya raila
“MOSTLY PEACEFUL” 🤣
Law enforcement will be Sifting through the video to identify the criminals and the prosecutors will be filling federal felony charges.
Womens March in 2017 was much bigger
They just came on the news and said that these maybe Antifa members instead of Trump supporters. They are investigating this right now.
The police should be ordered to stand down like they did in Portland, Seattle, Minneapolis, et.al.  The shoe is on the other foot when people show SUPPORT for Trump.  How hypocritical.  Hope this goes on for days/weeks till the government quits sticking it in our butts.
Security is very weak
This is a peaceful protest unlike a chaz zone
vladimir putin is watching this with a grim smile while rubbing his hands together
The 'Swamp' is upset ... I wonder why.
I told ya a few weeks ago Trump was up to something! Well here ya go. It’s happening because he instigated and allowed it.
Very peaceful protests
This is what you call THUGS!!!
i have never been happier to not be from the US, to everyone over there, plsplspls stay safe
Where the hell are those rubber bullets now? Pshh republicans claim not to be violent but their shows whose the losers are now
WHERES the NATL GUARD? This has to end NOW. BY ANY MEANS necessary
Capital building breeches. Suspious package found.. Members of congress on lockdown. Shots fired inside. Nope...its not a riot. Almost sounds like a hostage situation. Sooooo...any red hats wanna chime in?
Where’s the pepper spray?
Fact check not entirely true
BLM and Antifa causing riots, destroying private buildings, people killed  Media: 😴  Trump Supporters riot one time:  Media: 🤬
Jesus Christ came to Fufill all Righteousness. Nothing escapes the Wrath of The God of Israel. Never has...never will, though many have tried. Now beware DEMonS...your days are numbered!
Chop their heads off
WHY ARE THEY NOT GETTING TEAR GASSED AND BEATEN BY POLICE!?!?
Peaceful protest. America supports you!
Trump and his supporters are sore losers. Shameful behavior—the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree!
The side that burns and destroys are called peaceful protestors. But they call these trump supporters. You ain’t slick media
We just want everyone to know the truth the election was stolen and we will not be quiet.
These Trump terrorists need to be put down like the rabid dogs they are. The nation can't survive with this cancer in it.
If it were "peaceful BLM protesters" the place would be on fire
Wait till you go back to work and start going into the malls and sending your children back to school. We're going to have a lot down again not because of the virus because it's going to get worse people have lost their faith. I saw a rainbow last week in Dallas Texas it was very beautiful. Look up the reason of a rainbow. Won't be water but fire next time that's what God promised that he would do if he ever destroyed the world again. I'm not saying that time is here I'm just saying no man no when the end comes. But there will be a lot of suffering before that happen?
Antifa dressed as trump supporters
I pray who ever reads this becomes successful, and we can all arise...
When one of the leading cybersecurity experts says their was massive fraud then this is what you get.  The Left has done this crap for four years.  Now the Right is standing up.
Biden and Harris are never going to feel safe in public after this.
Wheres Hunter?
It is a SHAME, it is a SHAME for the United States of America, a country that calls itself the greatest democracy in the world, to allow this mobster to continue to be the President of America. He is the biggest corrupt in America's history, with no qualms about staying in the White House. This inept is a true racist and xenophobic fascist who cares little for the suffering of the American people so tormented by the death of more than three hundred and fifty thousand victims of the pandemic. The only thing that matters for this corrupt basics is to keep occupying the white house. This mobster still talks about the regime of Iran, Venezuela, Russia. What is happening in America is a real shame for the whole world. Fortunately, it is only fourteen days before this ignorant being expelled from the White House. Long live Iran, China, Russia, Germany and all those countries that are fed up with this Fascist !!! If these protesters were African American, they were all dead. Which country is so RACIST and XENOPHONIC
It is the responsibility to report this accurately. These terrorists entered the Capitol building forcibly, with guns, took over the United States Senate floor, someone has been shot. This is an attempted coup of our government. At least one member of Congress reportedly has asked Trump directly to put an end to it and concede. No response.
Once more we get to see how this "non existent" white privilege works.  I'm certain the outcome would have been different if this "protesters" were BLM or ANTIFA "terrorists" trying to get into the Capitol.  It's a shame our law enforcement agencies behave this way.
Hey American people what are you doing , why you protesting , you think Trump is good one . I did not think that some Americans doing good with protesting. Be clever
The biggest crime here is the Bias Media coverage by the same old candidates BBC, Sky  I not even going to get into the American So called news Media   Not a word when the protests where against Trump for years , or when ANTIFA and BLM where running riot
Good for them.
We told y’all we weren’t gonna put up with this! Y’all woke a sleeping giant! Cuz everybody knows you media and politicians are corrupt!! The war has begun!
No, the USA is not sliding down to become a third world country.... it's started to become a fourth world country when  the trumpoison  took over the land and it's people.
God bless America and patriots standing up for our freedom
If they are so confident that trump will win then why are they trying to stop the count hm? If trump told them “we won” and he has nothing to worry about, then why so scared, why try to stop the count, raid the capitol, it’s the stupidity that gets to me, how can people be so ignorant, now I don’t want to say that republicans are ignorant nor all trump supporters, it’s the people who believe these lies and consume it as if it were the word of god or allah or whomever you believe in, now they are even turning against their own party saying that even they are corrupt! It’s almost as if trump just wants to create his own party with his own rules
Trump supporters... Stand down and wait. Don't become like BLM and antifa. You're better than that. Stop the ones who are causing trouble.
Where is the National Guard when they are needed? Where's the tear gas to control violence and unreasonable crowd?
Look at all those peaceful protesters guys.
How do you know it was Trump supporters?  Anyone can put on a red hat!
This ain’t if bro
BANANA REPUBLIC
Republican sore losers are simply having a tantrum.
Don't steal an election from patriots!
Shot them all
BLDM
You don't need external enemy to breach your sovereign and democracy. The division, hate and high polarized politics of past 5 years is a gift to its enemy.
And this is all Trump supported. This is not a protest this is a riot. If that was BLM they would all  have been beaten to death by now. Trump instigated this whole thing.
Anyone wanna take over Krispy Kreme? Like 3 of us and it's not violent and we pay for the doughnuts?
Peaceful protest.
BLDM
They let the whites protest how they feel... the Pentagon better send our troops there to destroy these anarchist group of losers... let's see how much this America loves being great again smh
BLDM
It is Afida dressed up like trump supporters i think.i heard that was going to happen
BLDM
Wake up America! We've seen this movie before. Yes, Protesters by day! The Crazies by night from both sides.  While they sit home in their well protected mansions and laugh.
BLDM
They are just ruining trumps chances of running again in 2024,
Its called shock and awe. We are good at that. Congress thinks we are gonna take this laying down. Well as u can see that's not the case. Civil War is coming
Go to white house and arrest trump!!!!
We the people own that house ..
Martial Law?
Rise up Patriots
THATS ALL A LIE!!!! NOBODY STORMED THE BUILDING
When are the National Guard going to take care of these MAGAts once and for all? Arrest them for inciting violence!  Nimrod stupidity cultists who won't let it go. TRUMP LOST!
AmeriKKKa deserves to fall.
You put the devil in the office this is the results. What did you think you were going to get angels walking through the streets singing hallelujah.
Where the police .... oh... there are the police
God Bless America and Every True Patriot!🇺🇸🤘💀🤘🇺🇲
I love the way all the Democrats want President Trump to ask for everyone to go home,  but when BLM was burning down cities silence.
We the people are rising up! This is our house!
Where hunter and Biden
Now, drag those traitorous DemocRATS out!
Hey Donald, your seed sprouts. Are you proud?
This is totally un acceptable and all of them in the building should be arrested
Wait a breach by a Muslim,  black, latino ect is a criminal offense and when get hell put on them. Why are they not doing that to this group of Americans 🤔🤔🤔
Even though I disagree with a lot of Trump tells his supporters I’m not mad at the people because we all put our hope into someone we think speaks for us even us Liberals do the same if someone we had hoped for lost an election it’s in our nature,as much as I think these people are wrong I strongly support they’re freedom of speech to protest.
they should have came armed with ropes ready for hangings.
These idiots need to be beaten down, arrested and thrown in jail. Personally, I would put them all on a plane and throw them out in the middle of the ocean.
Where’s the tear gas abd rubber bullets
It’s a peaceful protest
Why i don't see violence from the police against this white people?
pEaCeFuL pRoTeStiNG
SORE LOSERS
Great may the peoples voices be heard! God bless!
Man we should just sell America to Netflix right about now because this is what I'd be watching if I wasn't living it.
This is an act of terrorism! They literally attacked Capital police (BlueLivesMatter?!?!) and destroyed and broke into our country's capital. They r now the enemy of the state ppl!
More lies! I hope they storm the capitol and start killing off these evil crooks blatantly stealing our election.
Who knew trying to ignore 74 million people would be a problem....  DUH!
For the love of the American people CONCEDE NOW  Have the decency to end this anarchy
you mean ANTIFA supporters.
STOP THE STEAL!
Antifa are violent protestors,  conservative are peaceful ones...they destroyed whole blocks. So the liberals better put up...thus far, no destruction...
I don't see any guns
Ignorant people will still say colored people are NOT treated differently by the police
Cleaning up the swamp.. "Uh, we are going to need a bigger boat.."
Peaceful protest... no burning or looting.  Left-wingers probably don't know what that looks like so they freak out.
Lmao the capital building tho? Yeah only White ppl can get away with that
At least when crap hits the fan with civil war, 1 side will be heavily armed through the 2nd amendment. The other will have bike locks in socks, bricks and maybe a few firearms.
PEACEFUL PROTESTERS. 😆✌🏼 TRUMP 2020
I dont see anything violent in any of these clips. Nothing thrown, nobody running, everyones just standing and waving flags.
People are fed up!
Not Trump Supporters , American Supporters
Probably he lost the same way he got elected....Either way, enough is enough with the "burger" president.... Grab your burgers and your prostitutes and go home......
Don't sugarcoat this...this are not 'Supporters'...These are rioters/anarchists! Respect the vote!
Trump once said law and order.......my question is where is law and order now? 🤔
Antifa riots and destroys property: it's ok, and it's a "protest". Or it's domestic terrorism.  Trump supporters riot: it's terrorism, or it's patriotism, depending on who you are.  The average American: you're both wrong and stop destroying our country and tearing it apart!  I'm an independent that voted Republican this election. Even though it wasn't my choice, I'm willing to give the (slim) majority Democratic government a try. Maybe they'll do alright, maybe they won't. It's not like either party has typically done a bang up job with their mandate in my lifetime. The reality is my life won't change much either way. I'm willing to try and support president Biden too, even though he's far from my choice. I don't ask that anyone love the government (barf). I just ask that we stop the violence, accept the results, let out a groan and roll your eyes if they weren't the results you wanted, then move on and vote again next time like we always have.
It's time the unspoken majority make their voices heard.
Another Trump Clown Parade
So is the FBI going to do their job and get those animals out the capital building?
And they talked about Hillary supporters being babies
Gas them shoot with rubber balls
Yes, but the crowd of this color does not destroy shops and in general breaks anything, unlike pogroms  BLM
This is rediculouse really come on man
Lockdown?   That was a fairly small crowd.
Finally, they realize they have to shutdown the CIRCUS led by a coward and traitor.
WHOO!!
Good. When the people fear government you have tyranny. When the government fears the people you have freedom.
What super power allows these people to scale and breach goverment buildings unharmed?
Trump needs a padded cell asap. He does not comprehend that he lost the election. The voices in his head are controlling him now. Put his stupid followers in the cell with him
BLDM
If only they were setting fires and looting....then. it would be reported as a peaceful protest...
Trump incited all of this chaotic drama because he is "bigly" angry for not being able to steal 2021 election
So we quickly went from Senate/House Floor to war zone....It's beginning to look a lot like the Gaza strip.
Lets go boyz murica 💪😈🇺🇸
Murrrrrrica hahaha
Cnbc working hard to get rid of our freedoms what will they do once they are no longer free as well.... Trump is our pres. Not that tyrant trump
USA = 3rd world country
Mitch McConnell is just afraid that people will look into his election and find out he cheated.
Patiently waiting for Trump's "law and order" to quell this "uprising".
Nothing is on fire yet and people arnt dying so still better then the BLM riots lol
Honestly I thought my friends were overreacting but ppl are acting f crazy
Rushing in and occupying the capitol - charging and overrunning the police is a peaceful protest.  It's when you are marching up the street and not doing those things; it's then called a riot. We've had it confused for years.
Mmmm....WW3🤔???
This is like when the 501st stormed the Jedi temple
Her outfit cute
Mike pence sux
Welp I’ll go in watch the hunger games
Move them out times up.
He'll yea
This was most fraudulent election in history. Joe Biden is not US president, he was convicted of fraud. HE IS A FRAUD PRESIDENT.
These are not protesters they are domestic terrorists.
For the patriots who are about to die I salute you ! MayGod be with you all.
It's dejavu all over again. Traded Antifa and BLM for Trump supporters. One group burns and the other never learns.
LET'S GOOOOOO JOIN THE MOVEMENT
NOW I SEE HOW HITLER BECAME A LEADER PEOPLE WITH WEAK MINDS AND EVIL HEARTS WILL FOLLOW WHAT THEY ARE THEMSELVES
HAHAAH THEY MAD
Yet, not one rubber bullet or can of tear gas ejected.
I really can't believe what I'm seeing!!  This is truly unbelievable!!  This is the United States.  I can only say that I am truly embarrassed to ba an American.  I thought that is something I would never say in my entire life.
Riots? Cmon man.
Biden wanted a dark winter well he got one.😂😂😂
Why political parties exist?
Trump supporters: I don't like these BLM rioters.  Also trump supporters:
People walked in that’s all. https://youtu.be/t12mWqAVpV0
The mayor needs to call in the National Guard and flush these insane thugs out.
Holy Crap Water!!!!  Now a suspicious package!  Where are the freaking police to kneel on some of their necks, throw tear gas, pepper spray, AR 15's, heavy tactical armor.  Pence and Grassley (thought he was dead anyway) taken to secure location and rest of them told to shelter in their offices.  I hope they are armed with something because I don't see help coming.
I SUPPORT MY BROTHERS  100%, TIME FOR CIVIL WAR.
Imagine they were BLM protestors: "Lawless thugs, mobs, punks, rioters, cry babies" and so forth and so on. . .
Peacefully protesting...no rioting, looting or burning..no vandalism whatsoever
Out right riot this is no protest
Police shot an innocent patriot. Is this the first shot of the civil war???
Thats what the neoLibs get for rigging Bernie AGAIN. This wouldn't have happened if Bernie had been allowed to actually BEAT pig Drumpf instead of Biden being INSTALLED giving working class Americans NO CHOICE!!! #MADEYOURBED #M4A #PEOPLESPARTY
Ironic that America becomes the fascist. They just never seem to learn of there own mistakes and think they are so great. Oh well
I wish everyone there would just rush that chamber and grab all those crooked senators
These are the same people that cry about others not protesting peacefully, yes?
Are any businesses being burned or looted?
Must be a Slayer concert.
Trump is a traitor to his oath to the constitution
😈Ready for hell？
Protest are good right? Dont change your story now?
Funny how Trump protestors who get violent are given the benefit of the doubt... Don’t see anyone being choked to death or shot at pepper sprayed when I feel like storming the capital building might call for some of that
Rioters vs protesters🤣
Where is trump. In the bunker hiding
Tear gas them hickerbilly traitors ! Only thing they will accomplish is delaying today process. Nothing more nothing less. Like the past 4 years....
BLM and Antifa disguised as trump supporters planned by the demonrats
Where's the tear gas and rubber bullets to contain these people. Oh that's right..there are NOT peaceful protesters
⛔🛑 STOP THE STEAL!!! TRUMP WON and the WHOLE WORLD 🌍 knows it! 💪🙏💞
America is a joke
Trump supporters must be so proud!  This is insanity, loonatics, all of them.  Hope they get what is coming to them!!!
just because someone has a Trump hat or Trump flag DOESN'T MEAN THEY ARE TRUMP SUPPORTERS  this should be OBVIOUS
USA USA USA 🇺🇸
Get right with our Lord and savior he's coming back
IS there any doubts that Right Wingers  owns the Police  ?  ?  Everybody knew for days they would go in massive numbers, wheres the Police ?  why 1hour after still no Police go there ? Pepper sprays? rubber bullets ? real bullets? AMERICA = 3rd WORLD COUNTRY!
Go Patriots!!
Go patriots
This is sad. Isn't this considered terrorism and treason?
TAKE A DUMP AND FLUSH YOUR TRUMP !
These are the people who complained about BLM protests... smh 🤦🏽
Send in the swat team!!!
Take BUNKER BOY OUT BEFORE HE DESTROYS THE USA. 25TH, GET NATIONAL GUARD. WHY ARE THE NG REFUSING...CUZ BUNKER BOY SAID NO.
Trump supporters being smart.... Not!
This is exactly what Trump represents. Anti-democracy, pro-violence. Pro-destruction. Anti-peace. Mobster's last tantrum, supported by the armed terrorists. Pro-Republicans that hate Biden are no longer "conservatives" but merely corrupt, anti-democracy radical terrorists.
This too shall pass. We will have Biden as President. And Trump shall face justice. ✌️
Since he condones all this and encouraged it to begin with he should be locked the helll up right now and all his ignorant people pathetic and disgusting period.....
Bill Maher wasn't kidding about the king no leaving the house.
This is what fascism looks like.  I mean the mob, if anybody is unclear on what I mean.  We, in the United States of America, are a Republic.  We have government of the people, by the people, and for the people.  The people have spoken clearly in November: we want Donald Trump and his criminal associates out.  It is the duty of the Congress to carry out the will of the people.
I see your guys double standards. When its trump supporters doing this now its violent? But burning buildings and looting is perfectly okay for the left. Its time to fight fire with fire. See how you guys like it.
Go Patriots, make them fix it .  Trump for President 4 more years
How do you know it was Trump supporters and not Antifa dressed in Maga ???? We saw buses of Antifa coming in droves last night escorted by cops. Where are they today?????? And why weren’t the doors secured? With all that security and you couldn’t lock the doors??Let me guess? They are the ones destroying and breaking in. This was organized.
I feel sorry for the kids whose parents these are. They are truly teaching no moral values at all. Just lie steal cheat and be very soar losers. 😂 😂
What a disgrace. Is this what democracy is? Shame on Trump and his followers. Trump is a rouge and implicit.  What legassie is he going to be remembered with. He has always failed as a leader
No rubber bullets or pepper spray being used and no people thrown down on their sides with feet or knees on their necks?? Wow... They might be after Mike Pence. Trump threw gasoline onto this conspiracy fire that he alone created. I pray to God nobody gets hurt.
Behold the march of the deluded morons.
Wow!! So peaceful....
Where is the national guard. How did they not see this coming?? Sure showed up fast for blm protests and riots
As planned by BLM and the left most of those rioting are Democrats disguised Republicans.
Well, you have to admit, this is the equivalent of the rioters that hijacked the peaceful BLM protests. Violence from both sides.
where is the national guard?
Most peaceful people and our patriots fight for justice
Same people calling BLM protestors terrorists for peacefully protesting are the same ones cheering at sad white people breaking into the capitol 🥴
Have we not learned from the history since Romans times and the wars and politics just keeps going. Crikey.
I think the President should order are drops of food and water to keep the protesters there this is our house we belong in there the others are just squatters that needs to be remove
You ain't seen nothing yet. We've barely began.
At least they ain't destroying the capitol. Shows the Trump supporters will not back down. Now we need to IMPEACH ALL of them and start over.
INVOKE THE 25TH, NOW, INSANE , BUNKER BOY HAS TO BE REMOVED NOW. WOMAN SHOT IN THE NECK
Call them what they are: Terrorists.
Now the morons will come back to Africa to teach us democracy 😎😎😎
Thats right, call the riots a protest, but call an actual protest by another name....nice
Its our building how do you breach it?
It was going to come down to this eventually.
The police officers had no reason to shoot.  These people are Americans and they deserve to have their say.  No one wants communism.
Here we go!!
They should open fire on these domestic terrorist!!
Most pathetic looking scuffle in history of protests.... what a facade... we see through the charade....
ITS HAPPENING
Trump reminds me of Hitler. When he lost the war he rather saw his country shot to ruins then accept his run was over. In exactly the same fashion, this man will now ruin your country and leave you all devided for years, while China leads humanity. Shame on you guys, oh the shame you must all feel now (or sometimes soon).
I think it's hilarious how antifa and black lives matter have been burning and looting cities for months and the news media has completely ignored it but a few Trump supporters break through the police lines and the media acts like it's the end of the world.
So, I guess no 'Law and Order'? or does that only apply to blacks and hispanics? These people storming the Capitol today are traitors to our democracy and they should be treated as such. Arrest them or shoot them for trespassing on a federal building. Then arrest and prosecute their leaders. Congress needs to move quick to impeach and remove Trump immediately and arrest his enablers (Ted Cruz, Jim Jordan, Josh Hawley...) every one of them should be held responsible for this!
Do they think they will over turn the election? I don't think so. BIDEN WON. LIVE WITH  IT. !!!
RIP AND TEAR UNTIL IT IS DONE!
Arrested all of them
Trump yahoos deluded to no ends. These people didn't drink the Trump Kool Aid they injected the Kool Aid into themselves.
They have no mask and there's a new covid out there
Think outside the box rather than just reading headlines ppl. Biden supporters masking as Trump supported started this, and then real Republicans followed. Their goal was to make Republicans look bad, the final nail in democracy’s coffin
Noo! It was Area 51 ! 😂
Civil War coming up🤷🏻‍♂️
I'm wagering the protesters in the hall are Antifa. Makes no sense for supporters to storm now. This is their chance to be heard. A "mysterious package"? Bollox. They want people to disperse
How long til they burn the Wendy's and loot the WalMart?   Oh wait. . . .forget it.
Damn those left wing terrorists!  LOL, the revenge of the Trumpies
The republican leadership is to blame for this disgrace!
Where is the police 🤔   Must be nap time 😪😴
American citizens need to stand up for their rights
2021 hitting the year off in stride I see
CNN told me Trump doesn't have supporters.
Shame on america..
You all seem to forget that Capital building belongs to the people not the phony politicians
The one asking where are police the busy stoping  back people  not doing their job may God help all all
What is wrong with these thugs there acting like animals.
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." JFK
I guess police forgot their tear gas.
PEOPLE DO YOU REALIZE THIS IS TRUMPS DOING NEXT THEY WILL NEXT THEY WILL BE BURNING DOWN WASHINGTON AND ITS ALL TRUMP HIS TANTRUM IS A RIOT
The winner is Putin!!!
The Democrats are shooting republican protesters in the white House!
No u
This is the rumbling of the empire falling
Hm.. If I'd known better, I would've sworn that this looks like A RIOT
This is a riot
Patriots Unite!!!! 💯🇺🇸 We the people
Who got the  winning parlay pick for tonight 👀 😂
Mostly peaceful.
Shoot them all
That's not a protest, that's a coup attempt.
Showing there true colors.
This marks the start of communist occupation of the USA and it will not stand
But let it be a group of BLM protesters and you would’ve already heard 5 people being killed. Did they get water bottles and Burger King too?
He wants to leave with the title of worse president ever....He is make it happen....😂😂🤣😂
This illegal protest of violence is going to be added to Trump's impeachable crimes, as he is still a chief in command of the country and his silent encouragement of the coup protest will be certainly the presidential crime, anti-American democracy. Look at these terrorists. They are not there to protect the democracy nor to protect the people. They violently tried to dominate the government.
It's nice to see Republicans showing some balls.
I dont see any violence unlike to blm protest.
Man ... if it was a group of my people  They would have set us on fire  No cap ...
Oh right Trump supporters breaching the capital are going to be wearing magna hats. SORRY we are not that dumb.
Any other situation it would be considered hostile and shutdown, but because of they are supporters???? Doesn’t mean they have the right to break the law or put people who are just doing their job, at risk! When will this chaos stop! I hope he is happy ... he has broken the “UNITED” states, and has set us back a few centuries.  🤬👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Notice how these people arent burning down buildings and killing people
Someone get them a Snickers bar...😂😂😂
I think the President should order are drops of food and water for the protesters to keep them there indefinitely this is our house we belong in there
Why didn’t the police arrest and charge all these protesters. If it was blacks, it would have been different. Different law for different sets. Shameless and pathetic
Difference between blm savages and trump supporters that, trumpists don't beat up random innocent people, destroy private property, loot, or burn or...
Eles estão certos, os democratas fraudaram as eleições! Tão querendo levar na mão grande!
https://parler.com/post/bac9558e3b244ad190b5a408d03db183
They locked down with all trump supported, about when black matter do all this they never do this to this people, haaa democratic want to control everything, they ready put pelosi and now they want to put joe b for ours president even if is family is a corrupt, l can’t believe happened in ours country.🇺🇸🇨🇱
Well USA Has seen better days but this isnt usa, bunch of jockers and hooligans are being shown as crowed out there whom security is scuffling with.TRUMP isnt a fair n honest man.he cud tell his supporters to go back.this never happened in history of usa.its downfall of usa started.
Trump 2020
If it was BLM they would have been shooting them.
THE VERY NATION THAT WANTS TO DICTATE WHAT OTHER NATIONS DO WITH THEIR COUNTRY,CITIZENS,ASSETS,FINANCES AND BUSINESS VENTURES,CANT EVEN MAINTAIN THEIR OWN DEMOCRACY,AMERICA IS NOW OFFICIALLY LOOKING A LOT LIKE AND EVEN WORSE THAN VENEZUELA....
Good!
World record for amount of tax paying employed non criminals at one protest.
Revolution Time for Civil War out with the socialist demorats
Why the National Guard haven’t been called in this is crazy and terrorism.
Never happens something like that in my lifetime.!!!
See no more being NICE GUYS people fed up already But if the lefties did this its ok RIGHT.
Imagine if the crowd was of a different color...endless arrests, use of pepper spray, stun gun usage, and/or outright gunshots fired at the crowd...
If you don't believe white privledge is a thing this is it right here 🤷‍♂️
I mean I don't see the problem. Trump did say in a tweet something about "gas them all"🥰 red wave they said☕🌊
go maga
America has officially lost its democratic credibility...Putin has won.   Populism in politics is the poison that kills democracy it matters not whether conservative  or liberal
Trump needs to be arrested!
The last gasp of freedom.
Let the war begin they cheated us
third rate country what a bloody joke
1776
The sad part is the Democrat and Republican leaders are best friends and they're laughing at all Americans who they brainwashed to pick a side..
Call it what it is. Terrorism.     ter·ror·ist  /ˈterərəst/  ￼Learn to pronounce  noun  a person who uses unlawful violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
This is fun! I need to go make some popcorn. If America can't have free and fair elections, let's have anarchy!  "People of Gotham, take back your city!" --- BANE
All these terrorist should be shot on sight...
Storm that place!
Bullets to the chest would be a good counter measure.
Where are the riot gear adorned police for this one knocking heads and shooting eyes out ya'll?
Trumpers taking a page out of ANTIFA and BLM playbook, Now how the shoe is on the other foot.
Now now where are the National guards from other States, the Prison guards, nameless Federal officers with unmarked cars picking protesters in dark allys the military choppers buzzing over people heads like they did in Black lives Matter demonstrations.
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👍✊✊✊Trump ✊✊🇺🇸🇺🇸
behold, the idiots of america.
Beginnings of Civil War. The Demofrauds stole this election. We’re not Socialists! We never will be. Biden/Hariris are Socialist Obama/Clinton cronies...absolute criminals.  No way will any true American allow this.
Jesus Christ almightly what is wrong with all of you.
Looks peaceful to me..Un like the democrats riots..
The proud boys breached it there standing up because shots were fired now run for your lives ohhhmyygawwwddd!!!
It was not the Patriots but they are Antifa!
funny the trump detractors have been burning storming and occupying things for months while it is treated like its fine but now its on all the stations as if...
Why aren’t these people being arrested?  Shouldn’t violently storming the Senate be considered treason and the perpetrators should be treated accordingly?
All this going on still waiting for my stimulus check
The whole point of being Republican or Democrat is to separate Americans.. both sides are evil..
If this happened in Iran, Brasil, Belgium or Greece it would be described as a failed state. Completely unbelievable.  And Trump tweeting nothing to his supporters, just letting it happen. Hopefully when this is over he will, along with those identified in and out front of the Capitol, be tried and convicted for sedition.  This horrible man is dedicated to destroying his own country.
Why don’t they shoot them down my logic for these snowflakes ❄️
Hope there are no fatalities, disgraceful
Banana Republic !!!
lol soo u get shot for stepping in area 51 but this is alright
Damn thugs
Freedom
History  will never forget this.
The mob is on the leach ...  Arrest trump to distract them  ...
Savages and cavemen. Smh
;) ,l, democracy
The trailer parks should be easy picking for some looters right now 😂
Go trump
Its such a small group of people. No worries.
Democrats heated now that Republicans are acting like them, lmao
Since when is the USA a third world country?
Time to let God sort this out.
What happened to Blue Lives Matter?? Trump is putting his Law Enforcement officials in danger. Sad
Rubber bullets were good enough for protesters a few months ago. Now would b a good time to use them again!!
Bwahahah 'Murica........ Rebranded Dumbfukistan
The people and small businesses have spoken!!!  You denied us  and small businesses (many which have had to close) sufficient stimulus relief although this Covid thing was no fault of our own...you give tax breaks to BILLIONIARES! You give money to FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND BIG COPORATIONS but you DENY the people????  The PEOPLE have spoken.  Move on McConnell...bye Trump!!!
No rubber bullets nor tear gas for these aggressive obnoxious protestors like was done when Trump ordered police to fire on peaceful Black Lives Matter protestors??
Trump done turned everyone up on game ... alottta luv out there ...
Remember when in 2016 people memed the overreacting left?   Yeah, so how's the Republicans doing now?
LETS TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK!!! USA!!!!
Biden's America. Those protesters are Biden's people now. They identify as black so it's a BLM protest now. Whenu refer to this assembly you will refer to them as BLM! OR ur a racist! BIDEN AMERICA 2020. His people, his America.
😂😂😂
Surprising. NOT. Were they not encouraged to be violent? They are only following orders. If this were BLM the tear gas would have been shot out long ago. Tsk.Tsk.
How ridiculous America looks right now to the world I pray the Lord above stops this
Remember the revolutionary war was fought over less than this.
😂😂😂😂🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸Trump2020💯💯💯💯
Ahh good major arrests inside
Clowns better do the right thing or we will remove anyone that poses a threat to our freedom. Learn it real quick.
Putin must be loving this.  Trumpvirus cultists are losing their minds.  Relax cultists, the Trumpvirus family just wants your money that’s all.
And this ok!! trump shame on you!!!!!
Funny how the medial and other idiots condoned it when it was the left burning everything.
When BLM where protesting the police shot rubber bullits. Now theae terrorist break in the capital and the police is doing nothing. Ah I see. This is the definition off white privilege. Image those peope where all black
These people see the socialist government Biden will bring and they're scared.
Welcome, people across the world. Can you believe this is happening? Neither can we!
The Sargent in Arms says the rioters are throwing objects and tear gassing the Capitol Police. Guess they are the wrong color for them to want to defend themselves. :/
Lock him up for trezon.
#saveamerica
This is what you want Republican senators,  I'm terrified to see terrorism in our Senate floor. A take over of our country because he lost an election.  Do something
Where’s the rubber bullets? Tear Gas? Pepper spray? Riot shields and night sticks? 👀
Look at the results of a psychopathic president. He did so much damage to this country.  But he was going to "make America great"?  What a joke
If they were bipoc the military would have moved in already.
Watching from South Africa, where's the stun grenades, flash bangs, pepper spray, national guard etc, oh sorry, forgot, did not see any people of colour to bash up
allow the evidence
Where are the cops?
CCP will take over the United States We the people will not let this happen. Antifa paid Soros infiltrated our Trump Rally protest. To interrupt our stop the steel rally. Antifa waring full-face covers along with BLM. Trump supporters will not wear Full-face coverings.  They are stopping out to stop the steel rallies. And they did do that. Now, what can we do
If that were BLM supporters, they would of been shot already...SMH
LOOKS LIKE A DEMOCRATIC SET UP
LIARS, I am there and there is nothing but peace, 100 percent.
Every MEdia outlet saying they cant believe this is happening (PEarl Clutching) The reason we are so DIVIDED is YOU THE MEDIA !!!!! May you all be held judged for what you have done to this country , if not in this Life DEff the NEXT by the ultimate Judge!
You're not dealing with the Deep State hits people that cares and just want the right thing done and we're standing up for our United States and we have that right God is our law
Cubans left an opressive government. They and other legal immigrants don't want this nation to be like the one they left.
This is what happens when an incompetent gets elected, with or without fraud...
Break up America into individual states again! B.U.A.I.I.S.A!
This is only going to get much MUCH worse. I will NEVER leave my home heavily armed.
Putin sends congratulations and thanks for making Russia look sane by comparison.
...and this is why we don't like Trump supporters.
"Capitol on lockdown as Trump supporters breach barricades" reminding us, yet again, that #StandBackStandBy #TooBadForCarrots #DJT is "utterly incompetent" as per the words of both his own Federal Judge elder-sister Maryanne Trump Barry and his own Clinical Psychologist niece Dr. Mary Trump. May #ImPOTUS45 always hear "You're fired" via the unwavering reality of election results that reject him who is the cause of #MourningInAmerica.
White people handle your white people
Ah yes, the collapse of our democracy, gotta love it, WWlll is upon us, The West Vs East
This is terrorism and needs to be treated as such. These cultists are dangerous idiots.
These are thugs and terrorists call them what they are.
Let them whoop their butts because Trump did this and those stupid republicans are causing it
A mostly peacefull protest . The voice of the un heard.
Biden supporters can riot and cause destruction but trump supporters can’t🤣🤣🤣
White supremacy in full display
A bunch of trash and misfits. Instead of working and being productive members of society, this is what they are doing. They are carrying flags claiming to be all about America, yet look at what they are doing. There is no civility at all with these people. The only statement they are making is that America IS as broken as the world thinks. There is a difference in making your voice be heard and acting like a complete fool. Unfortunately, we are seeing the latter. It is now 2021, and THIS is the best we can do?! I wish we could ship all of them to an un-inhabited island just as Britain did to their misfits centuries ago. These people do not deserve to here. Many of them probably have very little knowledge of how politics truly work.  We are now in a elemental storm of good versus evil. I will say, that 2020 has shown the true colors of many people in this country. We saw the selfishness displayed by others with their panic-shopping during the initial shut-down. No care or compassion for anyone else who may have a need for water, toilet paper, eggs, alcohol, etc. The want to hide behind religion and patriotism. I am not seeing either...and haven't for a long time. We should do better. We are always talking about terrorists and others who hate America. The truth is, we do not need terrorists when you have Americans. Republicans and Democrats ARE the ISIS and Taliban of North America. When will this nonsense stop? No one hates Americans more than Americans themselves. People are more worried about "performing for their political party affiliations" than upholding their moral standards. Where is all this zeal for the Lord? Where are the protests to bring prayer back into schools? Why aren't these people out volunteering to help the homeless? Why not gather and clean up the city? The God I serve will not approve of this behavior. He indeed repay the wicked for their wickedness. If you haven't figured it out by now, you need to know that God is speaking and there are very few people who are actually listening!!!
Call a breach we the people on it it's our tax dollars are working dollars people has got so stingy and selfish and their parents they're Liars the murderers the White House needs to come down people just once the truth and wanted to be done right and get The Illuminati's out of there and the Deep State all the terrorist people all the awful people in put God back in the White House
If people in this country found out that our hospitals are empty and not overrun with covid-19 patients, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
CONSTITUTION AND BILL OF RIGHTS YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN IT MOVE SOUTH OR NORTH‼️‼️💯🔥👍🏼
Republicans are reaping the monster the grew in the white house.  Make no mistake, you brought this on yourselves.
Shoot each and every one of the traitors. They are physically attacking police and attempting to take over the capital of the country. And fire any of the police that fail to act in defense of the nation
Barely January and America is already trying to start another civil war
I’m curious so people breach the White House and no cops or national guard anywhere???🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Super spreader event.
Our government needs to fear the people
Trumpots are making USSR great again.
How was this guy our president?
These are the thugs he was talking about
Soooo where’s the tear gas
Had they been any other race, they would have been arrested and thrown in cages
Sedition ... plain and simple ...  Up to the new AG to prosecute these traitors from the top down
Idiots lot of'em with no masks on WTF
There not looting and burning
Just giving the democrats a taste of their own medicine. I don’t think they like it too much hahaha
watch out, republicans tend to be gun nuts
Bring out the water canons
Anarchy in the USA......who has to be jailed?
Oh my!!!! Remember BLM?
mcConell is a traitor
This is why I don’t want to live in this stupid world anymore
God bless all the people they just want the truth they stand for truth and justice that's all we want and it's ours not the Deep State not the Republicans not no one's hits us the people
Olympus has fallen
Its about time. Let's take our country back. Big government, over taxed public , billion dollar foreign aid, free imagrant college and housing !!! All ends now. Middle working, blue collar class as a whole will fight.
Im seeing a curious lack of pepper spray being used here.
If it was Black people they shout have shot at them  not stop pepper spray the whole National Guard could have descended
Where are the damn police u can bet if these people where black they sure would be there.this sickens me trump started this
Those are zombies not protesters.
This reminds me of the assassins creed unity trailer when the French stormed the bastille, let’s hope a reign of terror doesn’t occur though
But let them have been some black people
This is insane
Atleast take the career politicians out
Ladies and gentlemen, the 'law abiding citizens' that stood with tRumpf.
RT Live streaming right now.  Very few watching. Go to RT to see live coverage inside the White House.
Make América great
breach we the people , how they forget
“ we aren’t violent like BLM “
You know what happens to a child after a tantrum?  They get nothing.
Good people should fight for what they believe in
The metropolis of capitalism at its finest.
this is a coup.
Genuinely scared
Why are the Police not stopping this? Where is the tear gas and brutality that Trump used to make his famous Bible flashing speech?
Where’s the national guard at??? Like at the BLM protests???
You lefties take heed ... this is only ONLY the beginning
Too much corruption in our government! People are tired of the few hundreds ruining things for millions!
They are criminals! How about tear gassing them like the peaceful protesters in the Bible photo op! Where is that???? Disgusting!
You lefties take heed ... this is only ONLY the beginning
The first Coup d Etta in USA happened in NC in 1898- Looks like number TWO is happening today. I’m curious if everyone gets a felony and a 100k fine for breaking the law. Our just hang them.
Biden was elected, isn't this treason?
Nothing will come of it. Just like the far left protests months back, it just made the other side to hunker down and be even more resistant  to discussion. It allowed them to say "see i told you what they were l8ke" And in this case the same just on the opposite  side, "see told you what they were like" there is a reason I didn't vote in the last two elections. Both parties and the majority  of candidates  are too  corrupt or full of faults for me to trust. And the kind of fanatics  both sides nurture? Like the protests now and the ones months back? Make me  more than hesitant to ever support a mainstream party.
If these were black protesters invading the congress they would have been gunned down. Trump and the opportunist conspiracists have caused this attempt coup . Any attempt to stop the democratic process and seize a Parliament is treason, arrest those in House and put them plus Trump on trial.  I really mean this is treason. Trump has destroyed American democracy it will never be the same again.
Snowflakes!
Oh my goodness.....I never saw so many dumbs together in my whole life
But but but peaceful protests. Hypocrites.
TERRORISTIC PROTESTERS Are ALL DEMOCRAT PAY-ROLLIES by Soros or Bloomberg or Suckerberg Payrollees.  NOT TRUMP SUPPORTERS, CONSERVATIVES DO NOT COMMIT VIOLENCE!!!
It's a maga invasion.
This only further shows that Trump caused the worst damage as a president. He’s encouraged self destruction in many forms and now we’re practicing it
Okay. Why were they allowed to get this far? Did law enforcement back down? It would appear so. Please stop calling this a protest! We have been attacked. Don't just do something, sit there.
America, think for yourselves... we never seen the left or the police be so aggressive when Antifa burned down our cities this past summer. RIP AMERICA 1776-2021
Idiots. All of them. I'd put em in jail for at least a year.
STORM THE CASTLE! TAKE THE CORRUPT POLITICIANS!
Why they didn't get GASSED????????
Breach it's our building we paid for it
Settlers dressing up as Indians to avoid blame. I don't believe it. If this was a true threat, why not air live. Easier to pin-point the law breakers. Why did Nancy and V.P. Pence get ghost right before it happened? .......... and why did they shut down the main "Live" comments?
Where are all the police that flooded the streets when there were peaceful protest? Somebody come get these animals!!!! I fear for my safety!!! Lol
Thanks trump for citing riots and hate!  YOU LOST  GET OVER IT  And those republicans that say they are patriots are full of it.  Even when all this crap has happened when they clapped after the objection that was shocking and disgusting. They are protesting the will of the people.  WTF
Let America Burn
Do we know if it’s antifa dressed up like trump supporters. Question being as soon as they were going to give evidence of voter fraud they got through
People need help, a lot of homeless outhere
I hope it doesn’t stop there at the capital, we need to keep it up !!!
Brainwashed
DemonCrazy!
The Trump supporters are clearly pawns for him, Trump is deranged and is provoking and inciting this. He needs to be arrested now!!
This is what happens when people are stuck at home , bored for months on end , just saying
One crazy, self indulgent man has brought disgrace and humiliation on the USA and weakened it's standing in the world.
#latinofortrump 🇺🇸🇵🇷
If they were black, it would be a wrap *hey that rhymed 😂
Where’s the tear gas and riot Gear‼️‼️‼️‼️
Dems evil plan to dress ANTIFA as Trump supporters and have "breach"  into the capitol building. Biden won't be president but the dems are trying their fraudulent best.
TREAT them like you would treat BLM!!!
And they call us not peacefully protesting
Wow. The Trust-Fund-Baby-in-Chief and his lunatic followers have lost their minds...
Trump has got to go FAST...he is instigating all this division.  Accept defeat...move on!  The PEOPLE have spoken...we want all people who are causing division in the country OUT.
THEY SHOULD HAVE NOT CHEATED!!!  IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN FAIR NOW PEOPLE WILL DIE CAUSE OF THEY WANTED IT SOOO BAD!!!(dems)THIS IS WHERE HATE GETS US!!!
This IS anarchy. Congratulations Trump. You will now go down in infamy 😡
We have had enough , STOP THE STEAL!!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Next are the corrupt media stations probably
This is just embarrassing. We are supposed to be the pinnacle of democracy and our own citizens won’t accept it. All because of their strong belief one one person and their willingness to do anything for him. That sounds more like a totalitarian dictatorship to me.
If this Antifa we know they won't be soft on them. trump should be arrested.
TRUMP FTW. LET'S GO 💪
YOU STEAL YOU PAY!!!!
We watched for months as our cities burned and COPS assaulted all the while not a single Democrat called for it to stop!!!!! Democrats called for unrest in fact! Now it’s time to hear from the folks that have been verbally and physically attacked for four years! GO GO GO !!!!
Learn from Germany 1933!!
Radicalized evangelical nazi  Republicans are the American Taliban.
Global News is live streaming... See for yourself how violent it is...
Were was the nailional guard
Support brave Patriots!!!!!
A woman got shot :(
CNN SAID THIS IS THE WORSE NO ITS NOT How about them burning down the buildings looting..How about the riots destroying cities..Where was Biden
Here you can see that trump supporters are criminals like trump
Lier biden control his states lol
Y’all kept antagonizing. the news is biased and speaks out against this but not looter rioters murderers all year long.
So if there were black people doing this we would be dead!🤷🏽‍♀️ Facts!💙💙💙💙💙
If this was BLM cops would be killing em and shooting em full of tear gas. And who doesn't believe in White Privilege?
I'd use full force and take these people out.
Antifa dressed to look like maga supporters!
If this was Afroamericans we would have had a massacre, equality my foot.
Lawless Trump needs to be arrested and CHARGED with Treason
Hypocrits! They have no right to talk about BLM from now on
Shout blm they will be on there knees bowing to you support from uk
iTs oK To pRoTESt bUt wHy dO tHey hAVe tO dEsTRoy pROpeRtY 😑😒🤷🏽‍♂️
Can't all those people except that he the president got his wishes granted why act a fool when it's a waste of time we know Trump is feeling good over this but it's a embarrassment on him...Bold.
Traitors. All of them.
A COUPLE OF GRENADES IN THE CROWD THERE SHOULD BE FINE
It's about damn time that we step up and support our president
ANTIFA not Trump Supporters
REVOLUTION CALLING  !!!
No coverage of Trumps rally,on any media platform?
This is what Trump is fueling and I hope there is no dead people.
The Protesters are ALL Democratic RIOTERS or ANTIFA ---NOT Trump Supporters.  Conservatives do NOT Commit VIOLENCE Only Democrat Supporters do Violence:  Antifa, BLM, KKK and Others that are Democrat Socialist Supporters.  GUARANTEED ALL DEMOCRAT VIOLENCE
Always said they were idiots
Those are terrorists not protestors
Fight for the preservation of America
Shame for USA flag what facistputinist republicans do.
Bet there is no looting and best wishes America from the uk
My God!!!!!! Trump has completely ruined America.
This is 2021. Happy New Year!! 🎊 the world gone crazy 😜!!  Zombies 🧟 are coming!!!
War does not determine who is right, only who is left Winston Churchhill
Fraudulent election, mafia media!
Then they’ll keep saying that the leftists are the violent ones, what a joke!
They are looting shot them
Damn your country is literally falling apart.
A lot of people are very angry of course
It’s about God Damned time ..
Apparently some of you didn't see antifa burning down dozens of cities all year long.
Peaceful Protest  like dummycrats said burn it down
Where's the tanks, gas, and rubber bullets?
You are all traitors
Have your guns ready, civil war is over the horizon
this is good for us, im starting to like polotics, momentum is good, i learned yesterday that if i exercise before leaving home and get interactive and come home it makes it easier to get chiropractic adjustments, i hope they help us with covid-19, disease is the most powerful drug
These same ANIMALS are the same ones that were morally outraged by the black lives matter violent protesters and boasted that they were peaceful like minded protesters
Why are these retired pale corpses allowed to litter the Capitol like roaches when peaceful protests by the left get met with incredible force and resistance? Where’s that same energy? Corruption at its finest. I pray America will overcome this and its trust in the integrity of our Democracy will be restored once Trump is out.
Just curious for everyone's opinion ... what happened to the BLM riots after the election? They were supposed to be related to Black Lives and relations between Blacks and Police, so then why did they go away after the election?  I have a friend who claims they were set up by the Dems to weaken Trump and I am having a hard time refuting that claim.
I fully support Trump and there is more than enough suspicion for a full investigation on voter fraud. All news sources say that Trump’s claim that the election has been stolen is not based in fact which is complete stupidity and dismisses all the evidence. They didn’t have a problem wasting millions and spending two years finding nothing about him and Russia. But what I really wanted to say is that people storming the capital is idiotic at the very best. It accomplishes nothing and only ruins the face of Republicans on top of an already destroyed one by the media. These people are idiots.
Deplorables are loose
This is a really not a protest!!!! Y'all are pathetic. So so so in the dark. Shocking times are ahead!!!
And they say BLM are violent....
Peaceful protesters
So breaking in is a crime but these ppl aren’t being punished? Hmmmmmm how convenient
I agree America is truly divided more then it has ever been. And a nation divided against its self will not stand to long
Very aggressive group lead by a very aggressive Trump, it just like other undeveloped countries attitudes, so sad one of the leader of the World acting like Cuba, Venezuela ....etc.
Lock them up
poor babies...pouting again...
Really?????......
The war thats needed to decide our future. A nation divided cant stand. We'll see which side wants it more.
Anarchy
Where are the rubber bullets and tear gas for these protestors
US democracy = lawlessness.  Wild Wild West style.
Let's go american stand for what is Right
Trump supporters = antifa. All violent BLM protesters were paid Republican actors. 😅
In all states, roads can be blocked as a sign of protest. This election was fraudulent! There are traitors!
Give the green light to shoot. These thugs are no longer considered Americans
Still more peaceful than BLM. No damages done.
Forward!
I'm single 😥😥😥😥😥
Someone tell me where the hell the police are??? There was certainly no problem brutalizing and unlawfully detaining peaceful protestors in Portland, but these clowns can attack Congress while it's in session with zero consequences?
What an absolute disgrace to democracy, anti-American trash have breached the capitol, this is a moment of pure shame for Trump's legacy and the GOP!
My thing after all of this ...things will go forward as usual...its pitiful
Amerikkka taking its dying breath.
Time to use live ammo
And they were the ones to say “just protest peacefully” and that “we’re not the ones burning down buildings and committing crimes”
Shoot the protestors on sight arrest Trump for inciting hatred and terrorism... USA the world is watching
The enemy of The US is not coming from foreign countries- it is its own
Good enough for you left wing blm and antifa its good enough for these fine patriots
Any decent American President would condone this disrespect of our capitol building.  Then you have Trump who is just stirring the pot with his stupid ass smile
You call this a protest?
LMAO
That’s the kind of people who love trump. It stopped being a peaceful protest when they illegally breached and overwhelmed capitol security. It is now a riot and Trump is the instigator.
Where are all the police? Oh, they have to be gentle with these peaceful patriotic protesters. Smh.
Time to take back our country. If it's allowed for antifa, then we use their tactics against them.
Uhhh that’s called a riot
does the left wing radical trying to reset this country think we will sit on our hands and submit to their radical policies as in 1775 we have had enough
Should have listened to the will of the people. Rather than support election fraud and lie that there is no evidence.
this is good for covid19
Proud to be an American!!!
Republicans, is Trump really worth all this? if you hesitate even for a second to answer, then he isn't.
This is why I don't want trump
Look how many white people are over there
Hopefully some of them will get shot (not fatally) or something. Play stupid games and win stupid prizes. Trump lost, accept it. Grab your coloring books and your support dogs and find your padded room and cry alone.
One trump supporter could take down at least 10 npcs
Where are the bodies? Where are the blood and the gore? Where are the cops?
Only a. few hundred Trump supporters - not representative of the US electorate. Kick them out!
Wait I thought only the left is violent 🤔🤔
This looks and feels rioty... No gas? Rubber bullets?  Why isn't this a riot? I mean they don't look like they go to my church but still...they're breaking things.
Esau gets special treatment I see 😈
If that was BLM or antifa everything would have been ok but when the real Americans do that its a problem ????
Law and order, huh? Trump has to be charged with enticing violence and his ass thrown in jail.
Trumpsters will soon face our tough us military if they keep this up!!!!  Just go back into hiding!!!
Shoot them all..
Terrorists
Should they all not have been shot immediately for breaking into the capital building like that.  Were they even pepper sprayed.  Seems like they were allowed to get that far.
This is the end of the republican party
Honesty I think it’s Democrats dressing like trump supporters
Welcome to the new USA -- the only way to handle bullies is to punch 'em in the face.
TYPICAL USA SECURITY 🤣 LOOKS LIKE THEY NEED A WALL THERE AS WELL 🙉🙉🙉🙉
The pot is beggining to boil over...dark times are ahead of us regardless of the outcome.  I have suspicions on who is actually doing this.
Push in and kick down doors pull those traitors outs we the people will clean the swamp by force. Put the fear of God in them once again.
Rnc to  blame
I hope the police turn them to swiss cheese
they should be shot and killed if they tried to do that.
When will someone in the US actually do something to hold trump responsible ? In the past few days alone he has told countless baseless lies in the furtherance of exactly this sort of thing, made his “Godfather Calls” to GA and presumably others to attempt open subversion of the election results, Called the MAGA idiot supporters he whipped up to be there today then addressed them, whipped them up some more and told them to go to the capitol and make their voices heard.  He must have consequences ..... Until you do, he will continue, he can’t help it  He is absolute poison without morals, without beliefs, without a spine  Yet he constantly flouts your laws and incites others to do so, yet he just gets to skate through  You really need to actually make him accountable  Feel for the poor sods left to try to police this mess, all of it made by Trump  STOP TALKING ABOUT IT, DO SOMETHING. IF THIS AND ALL THE REST OF IT IS NOT OVERT SEDITION, WHAT THE HELL IS ?
Clean up the swamp inside the capital hill .....
Whatever happend to “Law & order”???
You break one thing I will come down there !!
Every single one of them who entered the building should be charged with treason. They are interfering with our government and attacking a government building. That's terrorism and treason.
The second one of them steps over the threshold into the building, put a hole in their hat. The end. That should probably stop the least stupid ones.
They are RIOTERS AND LOOTERS HAVE TAKEN OVER THE CAPITAL!!!! CALL THEM WHAT THEY ARE!!!!
I bet not 1 vial of tear gas has been released
Fight for freedom go for blood we must keep America free
WHERE ARE THE DAMN RUBBER BULLETS NOW?!
Time to arrest the leader of this coup.  Arrest Trump!
Fight fire with FIRE!
Antifa provokers
Should have been done long ago.
Just another one of those mostly peaceful protest that CNN reports on.
WOOHOO‼️ #Unsilent 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Oh remember guys... when liberals protest about social change its looting and damaging property. But when Trump supporters do it while trying to take away democracy they are freedom fighters.
You mean Antifa
civil war 2.0 time
Looks peaceful wish I was there!
Why couldn’t she say maga it’s a lot faster
The apprentice for covid19 therapy 2020 gaslighting the masses🌋😈 TRUTH decay and the gridlock in Washington D.C. 2020 to 21😷🤕✌
You lost go home! Where’s the gas????
Lock this loonatic trump up his overstepping the rules
This is unacceptable and trump himself is the one to blame for this,when is he going to be persecuted?
Is this a coup or a sport league rivalry?
THE PEOPLE ARE TAKING BACK OUR GOVERNMENT FROM TYRANICAL CROOKS
Can we deport these folks, please?
“When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty.”
If it was some one else they would have been shot dead.
Trumps making a bad name for himself and for Democracy and I loved the man but this is gettin out of hand he can always run agian next time🤦🏾‍♂️💯
About time! Only the beginning. They will not steal our liberties from us!
pandemic cannot stop the patriots!
I am in mourning now... I didn't want to see our once-great neighbour turned into a banana republic...Healing the nation will be well-nigh impossible with so many of these tiny-minded cretins inhabiting it.
Trump managed to destroy USA in only 4 years. Well done.
Please America, keep voting the same people into office. Look at all they have done for you over the years.
Treat them like BLM
Tear gas these people .
MAGA!
Good drag every single corrupt pos out.1776 is here.
This is bs... They allowed this to happen...
But yet the police are not shooting these people. Police are trators as well. They support these maga terrorists. I hope the police get into a shooting battle with these terrorists to understand that this could have been avoided
HE NOT GONNA SAY NOTHING HE LIKES IT....... THIS IS OUR LEADERSHIP...... SORRY ASS,,, AND U WONDER WHY UR BEING VOTED OUT....  TOO LOUD FOR REPUBLICANS,,, THEY NEVER BEEN THIS MESSY...... THERE LOSING ALOT OF CONTROL ALREADY , AND NOW THE MESS AT CAPITOL HILL...... ONLY IF WALLS COULD TALK......
If only they knew how to use rubber bullets and tear gas!!!!
"The beacon of democracy" 🤣
This isn't going to change the facts of the election.  For some reason these children in grown up bodies seem to think that bullying can change what is.   FFS.
The Capitol Building belongs to the People not the government so this isn't a breach.. I thought those who seek to hold corrupt politicians accountable were directly confronting Senators etc.. There is no threat here.
Good, go get em patriots.
We're not violent: break down barriers.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH2N5aM2P-o&feature=youtu.be
Politics 😔😔😔
This is one of the most glorious moments in human history. I'm crying tears of joy.
How come I don't see any police beatings?
Well done. Heroes.
It's a Biden rally...with more attendees than Trump's inauguration...
What a hot mess. Thanks to Trump he loves this kind of drama. This will be material for his new reality tv show after he leaves office.
Arrest All of These Punks.
Crazy people.  Vándalos
ARREST THE ANTI AMERICAN TERRORIST FASCISTS NOW!!!
I bet if they were all minority they would have been shot 🤙🏼
If blm was doing this y’all wouldn’t care. Everyone pushes around trump supporters and once they finally crack you guys act so surprised and call them savages. The hypocrisy.
Should have never cheated 😉😉trump 2021
A fitting, and pathetic end....for the horrendous Trump legacy.
Make it great, how by spreading lies and conning the system
I can't believe people did not see this coming people get pushed to far they fight back just our founding fathers expected people to that's why we have the right to bear arms them fools in Washington think can just keep lieing to the citizens and we will take it no way I truly believe the 2nd revolution has started today
Thanks to Donald J. Trump U.S. Democracy RIP.
Wow security let this happen with minimal resistance. Let that had of been a mob of minorities instead of whites it would have been a blood bath.
Trump zombies
Has this ever happened before? Like ever? So much for law and order
Covid will get 'em....
Get 'em Patriots!
THE LEFT WILL WIN THIS!!! America is a BLUE country!
And they call us crazy....
IF this were black people protesting the shootings of black motorists or residences, police would have already used rubber bullets, pepper spray, tear gas, shock grenades etc.  In fact, there would have been multiple people shot by the police already!
Make America great again?
protestors are nuts
These people need to be handled like terrorists.
Trump chump is congratulating his commie buddies for breaking into U.S. computers...  Trump chump pardons felons https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-pardons-list-factbox/factbox-list-of-15-people-pardoned-by-trump-idUSKBN28X06P --
lmfaooooooo
Haha, look at those idiots, most are not even wearing masks. True dumb as a rock Trump supporters. I am sure they make Trump proud. I just hope that the SARS CRV-2 virus is somewhere in there having fun spreading. That virus would become my hero, cleaning the human generic pool of the "dumb genes." Carry in proud Trampanzees, carry on!
All the white supremacists converging on the capitol.
What happened to protests being terrorism? Y'all switch up fast, this is embarrassing. Trump lost, accept it and move on
Aren’t these the same people who say BLM protesters shouldn’t be violent?
Hey didn't you get the memo Trump said to be peaceful I'm not sure he said that but I read that somewhere😭🖖.
Drag out Schumer
Where's the rubber bullets and tear gas!
Drag out pelosi
Finally. The Republicans are acting like the democrats.
Agitating?😂
Here we go. . .
Corrupt cops Probably in on it too
I hope that crowd murders all those politicians
Time to arrest the anti-Democracy, wannabe tyrant for sedition!!!
Democrats can loot, burn buildings and they are called protestors.  Americans with flags enter a public building with American flags and they are called terrorists.  CNBC - The enemy of the people.
What is going on, o my God, people are going crazy
Where is the 1 minute force to remove these anarchists..
Good luck stop it all last Trump supporters booyah booyah booyah Trump 2021 you are done you are done
So uncivilized, where's the so say cops
Nancy Pelosi: "Such a beautiful sight to behold."
Federal offense...5 years minimum...for every one of 'em. And no one's gonna miss 'em when they're gone...
Stop us now mfers
Savages
time to get the tear gas out, send in the National Guard with live ammo and take care of the trespassers, take them warm or cold, out of the Nation's Capital
Wow
Now the police choose restraint.
At what point does it stop being protesting and start being rebellion?
It’s funny how the word “protest” gets used so freely on one side (trump mobs) but on the other (BLM protesters)they pick and choose calling us every negative word but “protesters”🤔. #rasistracism
This is all on trump - I hope republicans are pleased with themselves. China, Russia, Iran and North Korea are rolling in the aisles....
Every single one of these people who breached the security of our Capitol building should be thrown in jail.
Almost all state reps were objecting the certification for Arizona before this happened. Let that be clear
The failure is these fraudulent elections.  Biden a crook and a disgrace!
These people pretend to be 'patriots'. Real patriots would have accepted the results of the 2020 election.. This is nothing more than an attempted coup.
Let this be any other group and they are called terrorists
Mostly peaceful
So all these liberals are now scared because of this, but they weren't scared when BLM and ANTIFA were burning, looting, and murdering in the summer?
More Propaganda from CNBC
🌈🌎🙏🙏🏿🙏🏽USA USA USA🔨🔨🔨USA USA USA⚡⚡⚡FREEDOM FOR THE PEOPLE! NO MORE CORRUPTION!🗽
How are taxpayers "breaching" their own capital building?
Send these terrorists to Leavenworth.
they should all move to another country...like Greenland.
What a shame! A terrorist among them could easily bring that building down. Shame on America!
This is a cult
Treat them equally like the BLM !!!
This is no protest!!! This is intruding
Traitors one and all. Enemies of the state,where are the police? Cowards allowed trash to occupy our Capitol . Trump incited this,where is the damn military. This is a COUP.
Trump family needs to go and never come back.
Republican terrorists
When all those hooligans need  to pee.  Where they gonna go?  lol this rally has a natural timeclock on it...
When you have a president who supports extremists, then these things tend to happen.
The worlds biggest gathering of whiners...
Invest in #doigcoin
Invest in #doigcoin
Invest in #doigcoin
Invest in #doigcoin
It's very clear that Trump is inciting domestic terrorism. Trump is a Fascist who hates Democracy, and if you still support him at this point, well then you're a Fascist too.
Invest in #doigcoin
Invest in #doigcoin
Invest in #doigcoin
Anybody think the dictatorship will continue with POTUS for life? Next VP will be Putin in 2024.
All this violence because Donald Trump tried and failed to steal the 2020 election..
Take 'em out...it's time for the tear gas...and those little metal bullet thingies....
its NOW a CULT  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump Traitors! You will burn in hell for betraying democracy and truth.
Cry baby loser
Just waiting for the shot heard around the world.
The March of The Goons....
This will be civil-war?
Facial recognition software is so valuable in times like this...especially when it comes to federal crimes.
Good. Notice they are NOT attacking businesses or civilians who are minding their own business.
wow not very POG
This is why we need this man out of office.
USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is what happened when idiots suggest to other idiots idiotic ideas.
This may turn violent.
Proud Patriots
Sour losers 😂😂
Nero burned Rome to rule over the ashes
Now u see the mob that Trump has call out to do the work for him . This is how dictator does & later call upon the army to take control of the power. There is nothing political but just to self interest to secure power & over throw people 's wishes
Donald Trump needs to stop lieing, man up go stand up for the first time tell the hard working Americans people's that he loss, it's over it been over, pray about it try in 2024 gave up Donald Trump had his chance, point blank
CIVIL WAR TRUMP2020!
All they had to do was investigate the allegations of Fraud! Now look what has happened
They look like blm
Untested mass mail-in ballots 2 months before the election? 🤔How long did the second stimulus take?
This will not change anything . The conman will alway be a con .
Trump 2021!
from Fanny hats to maga rats🙃
ARREST EVERY ONE of these TRUMP TRAITORS
FINALLY! Stop fighting each other. Bring the fight to congress!
First
