We need GPU !!!!
2025 - now it is $800 on ebay
Bought it 3 years later. £520 🤣
Bought one today from a server that was selling for 330 euro with all the tax. That's from 8k to 330. Cheers
Hey how’s ur sponsor honey doing
And now can be gone on eBay for like 500 bucks.  Who's putting it in their home lab?
Time for a Turin 99XX update
I just bought a low end Epic Milan 7313P as a NAS.
Teach us the power to do good cuts to your sponsor
1:10 - If you know... You know!  That's a bad boi right thurr.
I came across a problem that for some reason the server boards Supermicro H12SSL 7763 percent, the EXTERNAL video card does not turn on, (I don’t know about your video) they rewrote the BIOS, and they couldn’t find why. We tried two AMD RX 7900XTX video cards, the video signal appeared several times. But when you reboot the PC, the board is immediately transferred to the internal video card. Maybe super micro specifically blocks cards from AMD. We also first tried with a GIGABYTE motherboard and the same thing. That is, it turns out that anyone who wants to build such a PC with AMD cards will not work!!! You will only need to buy NVIDEO, and it is not a fact that it will work with everyone.
3:05 You notice he didn't put the ram in properly? It's hanging out lol!
Just picked a couple up on ebay for $800. Crazy how fast technology advances
No no no, E8400 is the fastest
I have 2 x AMD 7763 new sealed for sale. Msg me if you are interested.
Now, fastest cpu on earth is RISC-V ISA based Ventana Veyron V1
Im writing from 2029. in todays time we have this technology in our smarttab
A lot of sellers are selling them for about $800 on ebay
Linus I can see the some bent pins on the motherboard at 4:24
It just like Itanium and his sister 64-Bit Athlon-based Opteron CPU from 2003.
All fun and games until it becomes self aware.
10:22 Sounds like a Tornado Siren. Wtf 😅😂
HOLY $H!T? Is this how you repay God for blessing you?
Criminal he is screwing in an epyc with a threadriper screwdriver
AMD just released their new EPYC CPU's and its 96 CORES. It is supposed to be twice as fast as EPYC Milan.
Only 1.5x 13900k
Build the beast:  Wrx80 motherboard Asus, + 7x  VisionTek Radeon 7750 2GB GDDR5 6 4k Monitor Graphics Card, 6 Mini DisplayPorts, to power 48 monitors (or+ threadripper 5975)  it's going to be the world's biggest display workstation off of one pc.(workstation)
What is the model of this heat sink?
Just saw an ad with Linus befor watching Linus video
we now have the computer Einstein
After 10 yrs can 64 Cores will be in mid range !!!!!!!! letss seeeee
Hi i am from future This processor cost only 100$ in future  The lowest processor of amd
Time Machine..... You should turn it into a time machine....
Pov: u watch these videos while just wishing you had the pcs n hardware they showcase
POV this cpu cost 4x as much as you entire setup
Love your stuff Linus but honey has been caught before.... Honey browser extension spies on every web page you see. And, secure (HTTPS) websites do not protect you from spying by web browser extensions. I am not claiming that it does spy on you all the time, But it can., don't let the term "data"  fool you. If you do on-line banking, the makers of the Honey extension can, in theory, see how much money you have in the bank. No hacking needed, they were given permission when the browser extension was installed.
me on my way to get honey olny to never use it: why not?
This is the kind of CPU that you use for a build with 4 3090 TIs
So it CAN run crysis
honestly when doing a cpu test for gaming, i recommend going on valorant cause it is a cpu bound game and its probably the best game to test
VS Mac Studio Ultra?
ps3 cell cpu has entered the chat
How to lag an iper pc like that first open Minecraft whit optifine 2 set the render distance to 64 chunks end active the seus ptgi hhr3 end enjoy the lag
My pc isnt even 10 percent that price
linus saying “it’s not about the size, it’s about the performance” so enthusiastically makes me think that he explained his life story to us in one sentence.
That cpu has the same amount of threads my blanket has
1:33
2:57 lol
Calculate the value of pi on such great server  using y crunched
Where did he even get that absolute BEAST
Hey Linus got an idea for your next video ，why not 1 up this epyc video with a portable epyc workstation
can't wait to pair this with my gt 710
Here in Europe it costs €16,000,00 ($21,000,00 CAD)
32 мегабайта наличных!
Mac pro be lookin like a cheese grater doe
I work in a data center and we just built out 25 servers with 2 of these per server for a customer.
Bro, on a CPU site i saw this review on the exact same product you have: Excellent! I bought it with a gtx 550 ti and it made a wonderful team, a strange thing is that since I bought this processor the computer makes a strange sound like an airplane, anyway I don't hear that I wear headphones, on counter strike 1.6 the force works 120 fps, on fortnite 60fps is perfect for my monitor, and on gta story mode it moves very well with all on high, I recommend, a very cool gift for the child. 💀
wendall is a flat earther
3:59 *That's what she said*
But linus u need 1 mile long cpu with 1 ginormous core
Minecraft at 1000 fps
$8000, this thing should come with its own title certificate..
yea i have that
Cant wait for the cryogenic cooling on this cpu
Did LTT just make two car references? Cummins swapped Hummer? Oh, Linus. You've won me over again.
I think the graphics card is bottlenecking because the CPU is so good 😂😂
meanwhile me on my grandmas laptop  yes, i totally understand this
hey how is able to game on that thing? software rebdering? i heard server cpus lacks integrated graphics ? he puts a graphics card but wasn't that effect the bench marking?
Can u try running mc 1.16 with this cpu
U k what else is fast my girlfriend says it is good at all i don't understand why
you head it here folks. "Size doesn't matter, performance is what matters" 😈
can someone explain to me how this is so good but only has 3.50GHz boost frequency?
in 1 decade this will be the cheapest cpu on the market
M1 Ultra has joined the chat
Mere lack of RGBs that lights up like an 80s dance bar makes that server RMU palatable to me.
*Waste of money*
a stack of cores
Hello, I have a question, I'm planning to transfer an older motherboard to an RGB PC case, with a new 850 watt power supply. my question is my motherboard has a 4 pin cpu connection does it have a modern power supply or have i cut myself with this. Gigabyte GP-P850GM PC netvoeding 850 W ATX 80 Plus Gold Gigabyte GP-P850GM PC Power Supply 850 W ATX 80 Plus Gold GAME HERO® Geance Gaming PC Case Tempered Glass Side Panel RGB - 2 x USB 3.0 - 4 x 120mm RGB Case Fans GAME HERO® Geance Gaming PC Behuizing Zijpaneel Van Gehard Glas RGB - 2 x USB 3.0 - 4 x 120mm RGB Case Fans
I wish...
how about trying flight simulator
you guys should get teardown and blow stuff up to test your cpus
Here's an idea! Mine some BTC with that fcker! Or XMR, it's starting to look pretty damn strong! I'd get in if I were you, mine a whole bunch and let it brew
Screw google, imagine working at AMD!! The things I could accomplish on my lunch break while utilizing that type of processing power would probably outweigh the lump-sum of 10 years worth of renders off my 1080ti + the Cuda card in my lappy...
where do you buy this
7:15 : - cant wait bu it will Fkin cost me!!
Linus can catch an ez dub with that rig no skill required
1:36 That's what she said.😂😂😂
you bought 2 of those things !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worlds fastest rendering tool is this one, independently from the CPU or GPU you have. https://youtu.be/RsR-00Ks6Gk
linus: This is a $8000 CPU!    Later: *Draws design on it with marker*
i want one sooooo fkn bad
so... we going to get a 64 core epyc vs 64 core threadripper video?
When u have this cpu but ure gpu is a gt 710
Think if this cpu canbe fixed in brains then humans will blow the universe
I remember reading a little booklet on cpus (no reputable magazine here) in the mid 2000s. It talked about 5GHz processors "being achieved in 15 years" and now every little increase is glorified.
Driving. Not using a wheel. That hurts my eyes :(
7:05 "Cannot wait to see what zen 3 threadripper looks like"        well that didn't age well
hello there..what is this f¥cking 264 cores brand ? I couldn't find it in the net sites.
Think I can play Minecraft with this?
5:05 did he just paint on a 8000$ cpu?
I bet that within the cut out footage of the video clips filmed there is a scene where Linus drops the chip.
0:41 does it have coupons for pornhub?
Imagine paying $70 for a $10 pillow 😂
00:09:54 of cores! or.. of course...air
size not important    yep
How about a special cooling episode on this chip? Ac cooling? Dry ice cooling,
Don't worry Linus, F1 games are supposed to be played with a wheel anyways
1.5 decades ago dual core was high end    Now its low end
You know it's fast when the benchmarking tool just became the background screensaver like (gif) while you are making a video Hahahahaha.
OHOohoo that CPU is going to instantly load minecraft on version 1.17.1+ HOLY, my cpu (Ryzen 5 AMD 2600x 3.60GHz 6-Core 12 Threads, L3 Cache 5mb) srly loads minecraft at around 60 degree celsius, and it takes 7+ seconds to load minecraft.
Still cant run star citizen at 60 fps
and im watching on the worst cpu, celeron
..But does it run Crysis?
Imagine an office full of these things when all the fans kick on.
Looking to build a cad and 3d rendering workstation, would the epyc line be a better choice than the threadripper?
“Size isn’t important, performance is.” Thank you Linus, thank you.
Where di I have to go to steal that server pls? I want it. JKJK unless.
did he just use a expo marker and drew on an $8k cpu?
But can it run Windows 11?
cap size doese matter for women XD
I want this processor in nokia keypads phones
Imagine 2 of these in a dual socket motherboard with 16 RTX 3090s and like 512 GB of ram
pewdiepie probably has one in his 3 billion dollar pc
me when spending more money on cpu when i could buy like more than 5 mid-high range pcs with the same amount of money
..jo's
Last time i had heard regarding cpus are 7 cores and ten years later now it jumped to 64 jeez
That time of the day I watch videos of tech that I’ll never get to buy in my lifetime
Don't make such a stupid face on previews.
love it so moch
Im not shocked about that the cpu is 8000$ im shocked that the pillow is 69,99$!!!
Can i play Minecraft on it
Bro has nasa pc
But Crysis 3 still runs on 60FPS at 4K
wow,you are sussy guy:) 69 bucks for sus pillows :)
Hearing Linus talk about something that's Cummins swapped gives me hope for the world
Running BeamNG.drive uses more of the CPU
the dark arts of lga
I am a fan of you and you are a creative person in the meaning of the word
I wish I had a computer with a high specification for a laptop with games
Didn't understand a tech talk but just know that AMD has best cpu I thought Intel i9 was best
Maybe iPhone 24 pro max will be twice faster than this cpu with lightning connector
Must not have been a real CPU cuz he didn't drop it
Bro i found the AMD EPYC 7281 at goodwill, in its original box, for 7.99. its in great condition too lmao
but can it run cyberpunk 2077
Sell a house buy a CPU.. I would. then invite my boys to game to get in a tent
bruh that intro was kinda sick
Yea vidja gaemz
Neat, now i can play modded starbound at 60fps
I'm feeling offended
nah bro my intel core i5-7600 is better.
See you all in 10 years when these will be 100$ on eBay
I love the car reference which makes absolutely no sense <3   Hummer is shit
My dad used to maintain the servers Boeing uses to transfer data. You should see those. Ten years ago, those things were using 128 cores and 256-512GB of RAM, per rack
When 128 cores?
damn the noise this stuff made is basically saw x: the movie, using a server cpu
CACA AND CACA AND CACA  !! &CACA !!
Was he just writing on an 8000 dollar super cpu with a f.... magic marker??? Bro....seriously -.-
Microsoft: Your cpu is too slow to run windows 11
My Ryzen CPU for a minimum of this price can run Crysis faster than the Epyc 7763 which is a good thing lol
Sir, check out The i9 12900K
9:41 💀
amd🏳‍🌈🏳‍🌈
It is so high performance that I'm going crazy
Remember guys, Its not about size, Its about performance
Now of course it is $5,000 usd
6:30 why aren't the gpu fans running?
That motherboard looks like it costs $6.99 rofl
7:04 D:
Oi, can you give a link to download all these test files you use to test computer performance. I'm going to buy a PC which is used but I can't test it enough.
In 10 years we have a realtime cinebench running at 30 fps instead of 1 frame per 12 seconds
Casually draws on an 8000$ cpu with permanent marker
Zen 3 is old school
who would pay that
This makes my 3600 look like a Skyline with a cheap turbocharger.
Remember mom and dads first computer. It was a Intel 386 EX, or i386EX. Well, then I met my computer teacher and he asked if I had a computer at home. "Yes." "What kind?" A i386EX. "DANG son, you even got a better computer at home then the school have! Amazing!" Think I had a Voodoo graphcard on it as well, so I could play games quite well on it.
I'm poor as hell, plz give me an i3 CPU, that's all I wish
a CPU with my name in it, nice
Overclocking a 64 core 128 thread CPU just feels disrespectful 😂
My laptop is 1 core only.
Meanwhile a 12900k pulling 240watts
Sure no, we will have 16/32
Sure no, we will have 16/32
Sure no, we will have 16/32
thats epyc
Linus : It cost 8k dollars!  Also Linus : *Casually start using a permanent marker on it*
Linus : this is quite a silent server 2 seconds later : This is the commander, we're go for launch. Start the APUs 😂
pff 128 threads thats weak in task manager it says my cpu has 2352
Mine with the dual chip set up on a cpu algo like xmr on moneroocean and see what that monster can do. Just an 💡
AC cool EPYC!
who gave linus a marker
WOW, Imagine programs written in C vs this CPU :o  hm I guess it dosen't matter
Aight but can it run Minecraft at 16 chunks
people are complimenting me whenever they say epyc milan, my name is milan
laughs in four cores
Linus: writes on an $8,000 cpu like it's a piece of cardboard.  next: hammers a nail in the wall using  his $10,000 Tag Heuer watch
Apple fans be like: omg my 15 year old macbook air is better 😂🍎
i'm looking at my thor psu read out while watching this vid it's outputting about 110w to 120w for the hole system. a 300w cpu allown. Ouch, or holly sizz depending on you view.
i like how linus just comfortably starts drawing on an 8 grand cpu
Epic 🙏✌️👍👋❤️
AMD makes the best CPU's but i hope the GPU's will become OP too
Try Valorant with it!
But can it run Minecraft at 64 chunks
@deji
Time to buy a few hundred with the schools bank account
What about quantum chips ?😅
Well if you have multiple cpus and put them on a server baord and isn’t that technically faster
why not do some give aways with the things you dont need anymore but are still good for use
Teemo would tell us size doesn't matter too
İll watch this in 10 years when 128 core is midrange
Love watching yalls vids, gives me ideas and teaches me stuff
What is the best CPU for gaming that's going to last me 5 years before it's a joke
With that many cores you can probably run games on it without a gpu XD
I wanted to see him run Minecraft at 3000 fps XD
3:02 how not to put an memory module
I say wheres the geoforce rtx 3070 come on
But can it run Dwarf Fortress?
I prefer 3995wx + M12SWA-TF, so I can build a motherFu'ker + kickass fast workstation!!
If he said  U know what’s fast?? Your mom
Get the world record for the biggest bottleneck in the world, like 1 ddr1 ram stick or smthing
32 gamers, one cpu??
should've run crysis 1 in softwaremode on that thing...
Always forget how expensive mobile phone contracts are in the states 🧐
But ARM said x86 is dead and cant compete.
Why are you scribbling on the CPU with a marker you maniac? Don't you guys have thousands of dollars worth of video editing equipment? You are constantly doing HUD text on top of things but NOOO let's get a $1 dollar marker and vandalize an $8000 dollar CPU. Why aren't you in jail again?
I need one for my 1000GB+ of RAM Minecraft Java server.
They would have to be great surely for animation tasks at home?
You can pick someone and give the cpu as a modest  gift,x-mas is coming bro !
I'm surprised he knows what a hummer cummins swap is hahaha
Any Intel fan?
lets play on this server monster 🤪🥳🥳🥳😋💖
Can we over clock server cpu like with nitrogen ?  I don't know if it's possible  Just asking
Linus: "You know, this server is actually pretty quiet" *sounds like a jet engine* Me not understanding the joke until 30 seconds later: "Well.... that isn't quiet at all."
12th gen xe: hold my beer
Haha oh wow, Here I was being amazed by my 22012 multicore score in Cinebench with a 12700K and -20 C air from an open window cooling the thing.
RTX 3090 torture test lol
There was finally peace in the world… until intel 12th gen
Ok and now lets see what that thing can Mine in 24 Hours with CPU mining and how much Energie its waste in 24 Hours :D
For anyone wondering: no this can’t run battlefield 2042 for more than 45 fps
Im good with mine 6 core ryzen 5 2600...
'size doesnt matter' LETSS GOOOOO
Yeah thats cool but can it beat my AMD a9?
128 threads = 128 bits
any updates on that multi gamer setup? (especially since there seems to be GPU virtualization possiblities out as well now)
so if AMD did all these and made the absolute cpu why didn't Intel do the same ?  2 big companies with the same (current) technology have to go side by side.
Dislike
I can finally render 8 chunks in Minecraft...
I love it when they pop on that server and start screaming into my ears.
pairing this one with my 1070 letsgo
Just imagine if we had adapters for CPUs.  This way we wouldn't have to buy a new motherboard every time we wanted a new CPU with a different socket fitting just because it was better than the one we had.
What a great humor you have, so much that I have been laughing for days since I saw your video! Really, so funny that I will have you saved on my humor the biggest comedians list all times! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Nah, there's a faster one. I got the prototype 128 core APU version, codenamed "CRYNGE"
Roses are red  Violets are blue  Epyc is epic
uhh mom yes i need that for to run powerpoint
Sounds like a hoover
1:17 Linus is scared
Me with e6700 2c/2t cpu: CRİES
i know it is technically perfectly fine but seeing him draw on the IHS hurt me
I was really hoping for him to drop it 😂
8:53 i run apex at 5-22fps and i get dubs when my team is filled with level 200s  at about 720p
hey linus why the holly crap man behind you carrying a macbook🤣
Yes.
That's eating power like the black hole...
@ 3:02 Putting in the RAM in backwards there Linus 🧐
We’re still not at 140fps real-time rendering, but we’re getting closer!
The ltt team must have panic attack s when Linus starts waving his hands around while holding a 8 grand CPU given his reputation for managing to drop almost every expensive thing that crosses his path funny how they haven't learned there lesson yet lol
Bruh, hummers are litterly slower than civics. Im not even joking
I wonder who can afford those
Obsolete information
1:14 from here he is sending subliminal messages lol
Ngl they could have made that 69 cores, i feel like that would have a better performance
Hello brother I'm confusing     I want update my lenovo m93 desktop processor i3 4th get to i5  4th gen .....  I'm confuse I do right or wrong ... Where I use my money to up the ram 8 gb or i5 processor or  to buy a grapic card what can I do
Dark or light mode?
how many Cryses can it run?
Sabren m.2 rocket 1 tb ssd
Amd epyc milan 7763 (100-000000312)
Gpu is  msi rtx 3090 suprim x 24G
Maybe someday we'll be able to run Blender at 120fps and play games on it
cycles x blender
Nasa: Wait you only got that old slow cpu now *laughs in 1k cores and threads with 10 ghz*
I'm going to wait for the processor that has a minimum of 10 terahertz clock speed and 10,000 course
Call me when Cinebench looks like a video
It’s been 13 years since you started and this channel still has the best sponsor segways on YouTube lmao
Only fast m1 pro max
I'm new to the PC world....  And all the jargons just got me ????
“Honey, how was work today?”
Can it run crysis?
In the future in 10 years people will be buying them for $20 a piece
this channel is sponsored by AMD
Shit Mask  😭
can i run my system intirely in ram, and only load from SSD and write to ssd when i shut down? my current threadripper is the 1950 or sumtin,  i want the newer one with 4TB potential at least, been thinking about more of a server calibre gaming box, my workstation needs may want 4 descrete cpus,  2 is a min i'm thinking for the next workstation build.  i guess the big ? is what kinda redundancy to i want.  Hmm, oh yeah and i want 4TB of ECC, pref. some medium fast sticks, unlike the normal ecc bulltah of being slow.   I thought the ram alone was going to be 12k 6months ago, went down a bit last check....
Im happy about $200 Computer set AMD-A10, but dun have that kinda money
normal people: saves to buy good cpu ltt: drawing on the biggest and fastest cpu on the planet
F U Linus plain and simple...So sick of you flaunting your money around.
Wow, this is one great machine
Okay this is epic
is anyone going to correct the mistake he did ?  like he said that 200 xeon platinums or epycs would be 8.1 and 7.9 well its just a mistake the correct answer would be 1000 cpus not 200
Size not important but performance is what matter  Me: that's what he said
This is the reason 5950x is gone. AMD can make more profit by selling the chiplets as epyc than ryzen
I like how Wendel was incorporated into the LTT Jingle and says "Thank You"
i may or may not be contacting you soon for a custom build :)
Linus you mad genius you are the luckiest tech geek on YouTube rn congrats!!
me watching this video on a corei3 4gb ram 1gb vram laptop like: interesting
WOAH! THE FASTEST CPU ON THE PLANET?? And you're giving it to me for free??no? Oh..ok.
Pinus  tips (*Laughter *)
MIKI MILANE
I want one :')
When are you selling GPU and CPU? I would like to buy from you since you have the best items😔 I wanted to change my Cpu and GPU, my current ones are Ryzen 5 3600 and RX 5700xt and I wanted to upgrade😔 please let me know🥺
fuc* apex. use valorant
run star citizen on it please I have to know
is more nanometer better ?
When he said “a smooth 144 fps” I was like yk that’s not really that crazy then he was like “maxed out” and I was like yk that’s still not insane but cool” then the “at 4K” hit my ears and I was like HOLY MOTHER OF GOD
Crysis 3 was good but Crysis Warhead and Crysis Wars was the best.
15 years later: laughs in 69420 cores
Hoe fast mining cryptocurency MONERO ?
If I have tht CPU il get 10 k fps in Minecraft and valorant
Tim Apple says “Here, hold my beer.”
Meanwhile I'm seriously considering building the Wish PC because that's all I can afford rn
kirklan brand ali a
Can it be overclocked?
1:35 Thats not what she said
Ajajajaja when linus says take me to my sponsor Honey...
give me pc im broke my pc i soo bad is old help
Still not enough to Run Roblox on 30 FPS
$8000 CPU best in the world and Linus is drawing on it with sharpies
I got a 20 second unskippable shampoo ad and after that a 20 second unskippable toothbrush ad. Youtube must really think I'm a greasy nerd.
3:04  denied
My cpu is 1/4th the size of that.
I wonder the price of Linus's tech inventory. Probably 500k+
INTEL HAS NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ''''''' HOPE ''''''
Linus 144 fps apex legends Me ok ok my computer can run  Linus maxed out 4k Me  😑
im sad the cpu is 10 times more expensive than my setup
beat that m1 max
imagine using 4gb of ram with that lol
1:36 so true
I need one now pls sponsor me AMD I bought the first thread ripper and its still  a beast need and upgrade now tho
Meanwhile i cant even run Minecraft
Linus flexing an EPIC CPU by writing on it using a marker.
WHy tf do ppl still making even more powerful CPUs? They overheat easily and doesn't has a better performance in gaming than a average cpu
Pc starts to look like a car engine...
okay now hes drawing on a threadripper  i want a threadripper silverboard to do my maths on yes with the green accent
Me who has a 2 core
No no The apple M1 is the fastest
I think amd is for rich one and intel for people looking for ez money ez soso performance
It's just wishful thinking, but a project to recreate doomguys giant pc case from doom eternal with this inside it would be a great mini series.
What test bench is that?
Why is it so thicc
Why do everyone have to pronounce my name wrong
Yes mom, I need this one for online classes
Try cyberpunk 2077
“*When a single cpu costs more than your pc*”
I like how Linus usually does this shit while building the PC
Ну и что , к меня кор два Дуо е7500 !!!)))
watercool it
Oh, Man Come On!!
Finally, i can run minecraft server (with 1 core usage :( ) and rendering video with multi-core
But can it play the original crisis at 30fps... on software?
Linus doesn't have Size or performance.😜
Simulate universe
f*ck epyc in 8000$ I'll buy pc
sells feucking 10-20$ pillow for 70$
А чо в шапке? Отопление не работает?
yo it this editor okay? you broken?
Linus tech tips is the only person i know who can pull off selling a pillow for 70 bucks XD
Please gift me vga card sir
Me who has amd a8 6600k, collapsed.
Wonder how this fares against the new MacBook Pro m1 max ….
When he said I'm broken, I felt that.
finally something that won't bottleneck a 3090
Yeah I need it for school
Can we agree the intro he sound like mr.beast
some day these will be trash tier garbage cpus.
and the $800 Apple M1 Max 32 core GPU chip can smoke it... lol
But does it play runescape?
why not 5 GHz ??
After watching this video, i opened my Dell optilex 9010, and stared at my i53470 and 750Ti for 5 minutes
shit has been 3.5 ghz for like a decade.
Soo thats *NASA* Cpu?
5:07 Is he actually marking up an $8k CPU with a fuckin' sharpie!?  ...I hope that's the external cover...
https://youtu.be/eYwgeOBTz7w
See how much fps u cant get on roblox using that pc, my personal record of fps is 43
NASA who’s spamming the order button right now: 😐
don't try this at home, why don't you have one
See if he can handle mining
Damn and I thought my 3970x was fast. The cinebench is around 17,000 compared to 91,000 for this dual cpu.
japanese epic shogi player uses this
That cpu cost 9 times more than my setup
10:22 Holy... wtf is that sound, sounds like jet engine starting up
That fan was literally a fucking airplane engine
That CPU costs more than 10x what my whole pc costs.
My CPU only have 4 core😂
9:34 get in there Linus
finallly something that can run minecraft
Man i didnt know that cpus are f1 cars
Specs plssss
Didn't even knew that there was a GPU made to use as a CPU
hummers have a duramax ....... just saying
Balls
Microsoft: "Watch us bring it to its knees with Windows 12."
Legends watching in october
People: think that they’re rich with their i7’s Linus: draws on a $8000 processor..
Why we did not get to speeds over 10 ghz with procs by now? Are 2-3 ghz optimal speed for multi core procs?
what is the price of an intel 64 core i7 3820?
Every Ltt video be like: Linus ranting about cable management This video: Almost non existent
Theory:  LTT only makes youtube videos so he can buy himself/the team gaming PCs and write it off as business expenditures.
Fastest gpu on the planet: rtx 3090
Any update on the Epyc/Threadripper pillows?
I’m waiting for him to drop it
"It's only about 70 degrees!" I hope you mean fahrenheit, because  I don't want my CPU to almost be able to boil water.
8k time with those computers.
You should've played Minecraft on 64 Chunks, even then It would stutter... :D
I though he will drop it
3995x is faster
Games need more gpu not cpu
3:04 Linus does what many has done before
Actually using this for virtualised gaming PCs in a gaming cafe could be a good thing?
Maybe we can build a time machine with it
can run 2 CPUs at a time and also my 5th gen i5 is dying to run one single chrome tab.
1:33 I know what Linus is did there...
They stole my name 😶
0:04 God why... just why
Linus can u give me a pc i have a crappy laptop that runs on 30 to 40 fps
1:36: thas what she said 😉
The L3 cache on the EPYC is just as much as my mom's first laptop RAM from 2003
Americans: Size doesn’t WHAT?
Can I just have that lol
20 years later: AMD 256 core cpu is average....
man, i played crysys 3 on intel i5-4460
A stack of cores
Do you want a car or a CPU?
Hi
he sounds like mr beast
Linus- "Heavy benchmark like this "    I see a picture of a chair and a table
the shit was so big linus used is as a whiteboard
Me listening to this pretending I understand anything in this video
Gimme
in my CNS class just watching this instead of reading my boring ass book
Download Window 11 iso file https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqcThZ-yzNk
anyone understand what he said here? 5:42
But can it play Minesweeper on high settings?
How about an EPYC Milan GPU? Let's kick NVidia to the curb, for their bad retail business behavior!
What's the fastest CPU off the planet? ISS gear?  Martian rovers?  Planetary satellites?
I just got to say, I always fast forward over the imbedded ad! I don’t pay for YouTube to see adds.
Imagine running dual CPU with those
Only a madman will use a 64 core CPU D:
dam bro that 8 times more the price of my pc
there is my name Milan lol
NASA is typing...
Why does it sound like that Microsoft flight simulator
yes but does it have an integreted Radeon 6900xt
i think ill stick with my core i5 .
Half life: EPYC
Can this run an rx 560 though?
Apple fanboy.  My M1 smokes  64 core amd 😄😄
OMGGGGGGGG it’s so fastttttt
Wonder how apple’s new iphone cpu stacks up lol
thats a whole lot of asm in one core
if i had that i can run 4 virtual machines each on 10 cores
Way to go, plugging for Hindi phone scammers. I'm sure they'll send you a gift basket.
100K R23!!! 🤯🤯🤯
Fun, but kinda overkill tbh. Although there might definitely be some use cases for this cpu. I just don't know what that might be.
lol I installed Crysis 3 in my core i3 and regret it
But does it run cyberpunk?
Nice ad dude!
Size matter  (Sorry childdren)
When are we getting 16 gamers 1 cpu?
The alike breakfast briefly doubt because sponge nally vanish by a salty record. clear, lonely nigeria
imagine in 2025 only 64 cores yawn 4000 cores lol
Linus not remembering that stuff can't utilize 64 cores
Why do people always mention the thread count? It's always gonna be double the core count.
Speed
Speed
speed
Play cyberpunk
Linus: draws on the cpu Me: WTF WTF SSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
The yielding melody ironically tug because baboon repressingly describe per a empty pansy. sable, wasteful crate
Isn't it time that Linus use his pull and connections to get a copy of the entire SW of a nuclear submarine that he can run as a simulation on an Epyic powered desktop? Or even better: running 5 nuc sub simulations simultaneously and doing an underwater dogfight  -  all against each other. Now THAT would be cool!
lol just writes on a 8 grand cpu
1:14 my urologist at my first appointment
6:23 does anyone else hear that spark sound om the background? Is that the motherboard?
well atleast the one thing my crappy i5 4690k is better at is clock speed
lol
NGL Honey is INSANE I am buying a budget pc monitor, speaker, fast drive and a model o wireless for $1200 AUD but with honey its only 691! ITS INSANE
Plz test minecraft server on it
not even taking a controller out and just playing f1 2021 on mouse and keyboard, thats a fuckin war crime right there
Jesus, i wonder how fast it can make a photo realistic render.
4:25 I thought x16 PCIe (16 lanes) was the highest they could physically make? Did they make a PCIe with 256 lanes or just sticking a bunch of x16 PCIe together to add up to 256?
this processor is a better videocard than my videocard
you can attempt to run high resolution VR games at 4k
Can it run crysis???
This in a dell optiplex
People watching this video in 2050: Lmao my phone is faster.
You can buy a Japanese car and mod it for the same price as this cpu
How long before a $300 chip will have the same power ?
run boinc on it )
ARMY EPYC AMD CPU : GRAY / //// / BLUE : Manufactured by INTEL.
Yo can you help me build a budget pc around that cpu milan
A perfect fit FER the crack of me arse.
Intel fanboy here... this is actually kinda impressive!!
Dear Friends , And PC Lovers  Welcome to Another Informative Channel : https://youtu.be/SHsauHOFPx4
Uh okay i'll just stick to my core i5
....... Back dooring the NSA sounds like a great project to use those two CPUs for........ Just saying...
You know what else is fast? My ability to fast forward past your segue 🤣
Linus: why did they make it so big?                                                                               64 cores: am I a joke to you?
Does it run minecraft?
me with my 2 core cpu
pls try RPCS3
cool
You shake the camera too much, it feels like floating on a boat & I already vomixing
Okok. But can it run Crysis?
"Size not important, performance is what matters." That's what she said.
Чистый ГЕЙ
Intel pillow
*Playing F1 2020 on a keyboard  Yep I was right, that game is dumbed down trash labeled as a "simulator"
Not that I can afford this, but how would I cool this thing?! That CPU must get pretty darn hot at full output
nasa: ill buy ur whole stock
why is he drawing on the cpu
I'm selling my house. Should have the money soon.
Linus: Size doesn’t matter it’s the performance that matters  Me: HOLD UP
How fast do you want your cpu  Linus: yes
CPU: I’m not even using 1% of my power…
why didn't i get that one instead of my ryzen9 5900X to my 1660 s
What to use it for? How about generating deepfakes? That's a CPU-hungry task! Make Bill Gates do the Steve Jobs iPhone-speech? :-D Or even better (and demanding): let Neil deGrasse Tyson do a LTT clip? :-D
Yeah but will it run.....
the GPU fans were off the whole time-
yea, i think CCP games can use one of these in Eve Online to stop time dilation in combat
Ok Linus, any chance, you can use that computer to figure out what spraying massive amounts of Barium and Aluminum Micro particulate into our atmosphere is going to do to the air, flora and fauna?  And if localized combustion of large volumes of this "enriched" air is possible by accident?
my dad works for this company that kinda makes the PCIe lanes and the company is called mentor graphics.
seeing how fast these are, it boggles my mind that the LCBO, a multi billion dollar company has some of the worse servers and slowest responsive computers ive ever had the misfortune of using.
Something like a DEC VAX 750S
my 2core intel  cpu : i gonna pretend like i didnt see that
10:30 what's sound?
Great! I can play gmod now!
But can you play Minecraft servers above 30 FPS?
The fastest fu#king boiiiii😂
How would you like to throw one my way?  I'd sure like to see how it performs against data processing and some machine learning algorithms! Great vid guys.  Wow!!!
its odd to think its a good cpu when you dont know about "epyc" processor. I mean its like from. 2004 with green motherboard
Yeah, like save the planet by using all that compute power to devise a better vaccine for COVID-19 D variant and the inevitable future of fighting this virus. 🙄  Or alternatively,... let the virus run its course and kill off enough humans that environmental pollution crashes to a pre-industrial levels, just a thought.
"size doesn't matter" wise words a wise man once said
@4:15 Who caught the bent pins on the corner header?
Me : Linus can you give me this pc with GPU and CPU and MOTHERBOARD definitely Linus : Nah , i rather drop that
did he just draw on 8k dollars tho
Nice to be politically correct with the masks. 👎
I'm sure I don't need all my organs
never thought i’d see a cummins swap reference on this channel i’m pleasantly surprised
Imagine having 20 of those inside one pc
EPYC CREDIT CARD DESTROYER
I was hoping he dropped it
But can it run Crysis?
This is cheap compared to the hospital bill in the US
How about Apple M1?
I don’t understand anything you say in your videos but I still watch them sometimes
Kinda sounds like you can start an airline with those badboys
11:48 That server sounds like a fighter jet about to take off from an aircraft carrier.
We need a review for the most affordable *28 cores* version 🖥
Why does there exist a cpu that cost more than my car?
A pillow with s print for 70 bucks!!
God loves u and Jesus is coming soon and repent to God
i have 500w psu and from pcpartpicker is says my recommend watt is 319w... should I get a bigger psu like 600w or more?
Use it to Crack AES Encryption
yeah who is her?
What normal people hear:  64 CORES 128 THREADS 128 PCIE GEN 4 LANES   What i hear: 1/64 CHANCES OF GETTING SCAMMED 128 MILLLION DOLLARS 128 "I CANT EVEN BUY MINECRAFT" 4 SATAN DOORS
1v1 5-0 gg ez
ZA EPYC VS XEON PLATINUM!
CPU POWAH! I HAVE SURPASSED THE CPU WORLD. MY STAND EPYCU CPU IS INDEED TO RULE THE CPU RACE! JoJo reference..
The fan sounds like a WW2 carter siren
But can it run cyberpunk?
Damn!   Even this monster is struggling to render in Cycles
They gave him two so he could draw on the second one
linus sponsored tips
AMD should make CPU with 69 Cores
Pls try playing beamng drive with a lot of AI cars, I know it isn't for gaming but this game kills every cpu
"You know what else is fast? How fast I sell out."
Just casually draws on an EPYC with a sharpie. It's fine, it's probably only a Rome.
Why does he only test it out on games that don’t need much cpu power lol  Also it seems pretty bad for some gaming, most games that are CPU demanding don’t support multithreading so it would be worse than a normal mid range cpu.
Honestly I. Waiting for someone to but like hundred of these and use it as a gpu
It's exciting playing with one of those, just like having a Formula 1 car in your garage, or your own Terminator.
Damn that CPU is balling, having said that i'm extremely happy with my 5950X
“This is really a quiet server” Server proceeded to run jet engines
...benchmarks are LITERALLY a measuring contest, so yes, yes it is a measuring contest!
Octo chanel
please partner with ibik aster and run the virtual seats to the max
Linus, You should run 2 Milans on a motherboard with 256GB ram and quad SLI RTX 3090's. I bet you could get a Blade server with these specs.
The T-800s processor.
Need a whiteboard and don't have one? Use a cpu! Lifehack
"give me its mine! Mommm he wont give it!!" - annoying sibling
3:48 Why doesn't every motherboard have this?
Mining crypto? I know the power consumption might squash profit, but why not try building a green power off-grid setup for sh*ts n giggles? Maybe a couple Solar/Wind hybrid setups.
1:30 crossed eyed gaara is wondering why Yoda is giving me a prime setup for that's what she said
7:52 .... they still don't know how to allocate resources... 2021? How boring!!! It's like "hey, there's a big work ahead, let's split it between us cores" "ok, let's split it" "hey, i already finished mine, can i help you with yours?" "noooo!!! it's MIIIINE... mind your own business"... antisocial smp :) :) :) (well... better than none smp... but sill... 2021??? really??)
I wonder, how long would it take with this CPU, to compile a whole Source 2 S&Box Map with lightmaps enabled on a area size of 100km²... ?
LTT more like LST
You can use Plex server.
And the new intel xeon? It isn't really fair to compare their previous gen chip to the new epyc.
1:36 thats what he said
ah yes i use this to play *team fortress 2*
This ain't no civic. This is the hummer with the cummins swap. I love you Linus.
*proceeds to draw on 8k cpu*
I've got a unique Fucktacular Project!!! In Pro Tools(or some other MAJOR DAW, I've heard REAPER uses ALL CPU processing power, where as other DAW's do not like Pro Tools), process 2,100 individual audio tracks with 2 instances of Acustica Audio's Sand plugin(or any Acustica Audio plugin as they all are CPU HOGS, and you can usually only have 8 instances on a 200 track count song with a bitchin cpu!)on every single channel! Or you could also use Izotope's Ozone 9 if your sound guy has it(he should if he's doing sound! Who is your audio engineer/mixing engineer/mastering engineer or in video they call them Foley I think?). You'll also need a huge SSD , and the best SINGLE THREAD PERFORMANCE chip you can get! Also no BOOST CLOCKS! Gotta turn them off, they mean diddly squat in audio! You can't use em without causing the whole damned thing to crash right when it's absolutely essential that it doesn't!!!
I dont mean to flex, but my pc can open **two** chrome tabs
bruh your cpu pillow is more expensive then my mic bruh
And no AVX-512 😒
You know what is cool,get something of perfomance for little money..any moron can get perfomance with 10.000$ ..I mean you are great,but just say
3.ghz speed
"Hummer with a Cummins swap" *Hummer makes Duramax sounds*
The straight fedelini dimensionally disapprove because cylinder noticeably tow worth a volatile argument. teeny, tacit barbara
epic
"You know what else is fast??" Me clicking the skip 10 seconds button
When your rich
Can i run gta v on it 😁
Nice sound upgrade! I didn't even have to change the volume.  My ears are loving it.
Send me a PC for a hug mine is trash xoxo
this would of been the perfect video for a roman or blew chew sponsorship lmao.
Cuz AMD is simply better
Now every Extreme edition, xeons, and every threadripper ill call Holy $h!t, damn you linus.
Me with Intel core 2 duo belike:  Me.....2 core 2 threads    ........                          Is that cpu or transformers machine tho.....
Get a hold of an Nvidia DGX workstation with like 4 80GB (HBM) GPUd
"People in year 3000" uses brain as a processor
9:45 😂😂😂
I am sure military has better ones
linus no cap nasa pc cpu do be better xD
That's awesome..makes me wish I had a pc
me watching this video with a i7 7500U
make a custom water cooled system for this 2x Epyc CPUs
Buddy but hummer is one of the worst cars in the market of cars hehe!!!  It could be the Land Cruiser that is powerfull and better than any other yep!!!
Don't make such a stupid face please.
Imagine buying a cpu like this to play roblox
my i5 7400 crying :(
When they have a phone call back, they remember to click back to their hometown Sydney immediately.
You set me up with a camera to see far away when it detects that the FBI is off.
AMD 3 seconds later: want a CPU that runs Battlefield VI with 350 FPS
cinebench needs to buy a bigger boat
Cooooooool
This is the future of LAN centers. Single server, ton of thunderbolt docks hooked up to it. Absolutely astounding.
In a few years it will only be a hundred bucks.
How much to build a system like this?
now i can run minecraft at 64 chunks at 30 frames now!
Do the most expensive pc build! W nvidia quadro rtx 8000, epyc Millan 7763, 2tb ram, 100tb ssd, (can’t think of anything else at the moment)
Multiply the sound of the server running at ~11:40 in the video by 200X, and now you know what the performance lab at my company sounds like with racks and racks of 2P AMD Milan 7763 systems running at full load while running a variety of benchmarks. (No gaming going on...all business guys, sorry)
solve world hunger
Sir please explain jbod build guide lower prices
with my indian sim card i get around 4GB/day of data and unlimited calling and text XD
and im watching this with my intel pentium
that fan noise is giving me ptsd for when the fan controller bios on my poweredge 2850 got corrupted
I would not recognize Linus with this diaper on
Minecraft fps though?
is everyone just gonna pass over the fact he’s writing on the fastest cpu to exist?
Next we need 2x AMD EPYC 7763 + 8x NVLinked Nvidia Tesla A100 GPUs. Don't forget to run the Tesla A100 in WDDM mode (Teslas run in TCC mode by default). Game on it just cuz why not. We all wanna know what happens. Will the games even run at all on dual CPUs and 8 non-gaming GPUs? Can 8x A100 GPUs and 2x 7763s beat an ordinary enthusiast combo like RTX 3090 + Ryzen 5950X even though the former combo wasn't designed for gaming.
can it run minecraft
How many Solar PV panels and how big a wind power generator may be required to run the 264 EPYC server? Am I correct in assuming the one off cost of the Solar PV Panels, wind power generator, a battery bank and a hybrid power converter, amortized against the cost of buying electrical power from the utility company, may be cheaper over the operating life of the least reliable sub-system?
Me sitting here with my Ryzen 9 5950x thinking I had a beast of a cpu 😂
If the tool-less M.2 retention mechanism is anything like The Wraith Spire screwless retention mechanism, then it doesn't inspire confidence for staying in place to me at all. For something that you aren't exactly swapping out every day I would prefer the security of a screw if it means more stability.
Me playing minecraft at 15fps: so smoooooooth
Can i overclock it to play league of legends ?
High end CPU and GPU is required for all High end games.
Linus in 2031 : Remember when they could only do 64 core cpu's? meet the new threadripper 9900xx triple dragon fire edition with 5124 cpu cores! and 10256 threads!
My pc contains 2 cores and it is fast as fuck I can't even imagine to play a game in that
meanwhile my computer takes 15 minutes to run cinibench r23
Good job wearing ur masks boys
8K VR Star Citizen?
5:04 flexing, writing with marker on an $8,000.00 chip x_x
trash
1:35 thats what she said
Can you send me an rtx 3090 for free please
try mining crypto currency (BTC and XMR) for 1 day and tell us how many coins u mined ...can u do that ?????
PUT IT IN A LAPTOP
At 3:06 - hmmm, variable angle contact magic unicorn memory socket thingie.
5:33 did you really just write on a cpu that costs 8000 DOLLARS
6:37 linus mustache hair
i ranked 4th i9 9900kf 3.6ghz (5ghz turbo) 32gb 3200mhz crutical vengance rtx 3060 12gb asus tuf edition wd 1tb m.2
watch in like 7 years the thread ripper and zeon will be the standard
IS he seriously coloring on an $8000 Cpu?!? Way to go Linus!
Not me crying with my moms 4gb ram computer
Those segues hahaha even all these years and countless videos lately I get a kick out of them
From 10:34 to 10:39 boom, Cinebecnh test is done That's the stuff
“they want you to hear their message over the sound of these fans”
64 cores 😂 i am on 6 cores right now
My name is milan
How do you think you interconnect that many memory channels and lanes without an outrageous number of connections on the package? That is why it is big, not your juvenile penis comparison. Do you say technically ignorant things to be funny or just to piss people off?
That freaking fan noiz !
Honey RUINED my PC!
Very epyc
Got a job at a Google data center recently and this got recommended to me the same day I installed one of these in a server for the first time   the algorithm isn't *that* advanced, is it...? /s
If you still have these, could you please generate me some 10-letter onion vanity addresses.
wonder what'll happen if i put this on my DSI
Why am i looking at this
So, you could say, that this CPU is... epic?
I think you should run it with 69 RTX 3090
8k osu?
watch Dennis fit this in to a $5000 Ryzen sponsored build
did he just draw on a $8000 cpu???
Well this didn't age well...
I love how you can run games smoothly and amazingly with a 750$ desktop, maybe even 500-600$, but people who build desktops are so nuts that a 8000$ CPU is an actual option
You are great and an inspiration to many youtube reviewers. 👌
Heat wave in Canada and he's wearing that thing?!
Um no Linus is would cost even more as an even core count: 320 Intel @ $2,591,680 12,800cores  or 200 AMD @ $1,578,000 12,800cores That would net a savings of $1,373,680 to go with AMD and achieve the same core count...
no rgb makes your pc faster
Sounds like a jet I like it
thank god he played crysis on it!
still wont run star citizen
Can they mine Bitcoin?
This summer it's the third time Linus has the fastest CPU on planet. Click bait enough.
Heyy!!
I really hope that Linus sees the timeline of me only liking the video when I see the editor had fun
Linus: Draws on CPU Me: visible discomfort
Ryzen 9 5950x: I found my big brother! 😂
Yo
Is it enough to run CSGO on 1000FPS at this point. I dont think so, Linus.......
I can't Wait For 2050 Laughing At this CPU For Being "Slow" And they Have 12ghz With 368 Core
Even though it is the fastest it would still be slow for me, REASON SH** WIFI
1:33 no, that would be your wife
Ting: WTF man I couldn't hear shit, this wasn't what we paid for!
why do you associate with racist level 1 techs ??
Awesome $70 pillows! What we've all been waiting for! Let's make even more money off our loyal viewers! Let's be a bag of tools and not price them reasonably even though we'd probably sell way more!
4:53 my name wooooooooooow
You should run the cpu-rendered version of crisis where it runs on no GPU on this thing
2nd CPU is surely going to go into the Compensator 4 perhaps ? Makes sense...somehow.
I think you should try building using this CPU with the Honey Badger, The Fiber Optic Cabling, a 3090, and the switch to try to explore how fast you can run a DIY at home Gaming Server. This would just make me curious how well you could run some games.
next time i think my pc sounds LOUD!!! ill remember this video :p
this thing has a higher all core turbo than my 10th gen quad core i7
"it's not about being good at the game, it's about having a good computer to run the game". I am going to use this excuse every time I lose on my team
I don't know how he gets all these things, YouTube income wouldn't sufficient to buy all these expensive PC things
u ccould use that as a cloud render farm for pixar type films
Every month there's a new fastest cpu.
But can it mine monero?
I feel bad fot the editor he needs a break too man
Would love to see it crack a WiFi WPA2 Password with that lol Don't know if it's faster than using CUDA with a GPU
NO LINUS - THE FASTEST CPU IN THE PLANET IS PHOTONIC LIGHTMATTER - YOU BETTER START YOUR RESEARCH LITTLE BOY HAHAHAHA
FInally the cpu to play tf2 without perfomance issues.
Is it good for mining?
Surprised Linus knows what a Cummins is
Btw, this CPU is garbage, Intel is much better in price/performance.  AMD GARBAGE, DONT BUY!
Haha, AMD is calling something once more "epic", despite being not even close to epic. Typical AMD marketing for bad stuff.
That processor price if in my country(Malaysia) is 33k MYR🤯🤯🤯
Id like to see that mining monero
the way they trew things near a $8000 cpu
MY GOODNESS! Look at that mastodon as GPU! 😱
If you ever wanna help me out. I'd love to use one of those :)
Tech time capsule
I need , pls
host a bunch of dVPN nodes and staking validators... how many different networks can you make it work on? run crazy Theta net distributed video encoder rig...
Hey boy, please make the same test on Linux with the same config, you'll be 50% faster.....and try to don't cry.
is for me?       👉👈
I'm the future everyone is gonna have these in some box in the attic :)
1:36 that's what she said
@krearivecke Gaming Sünde? Spiele nicht auf einen AMD Epic/Threadripper
you can use all your computers made to run Seti@home
Even Linus goes for "Max" after playing with Hamilton in F1! :)))))
I would love one of these chips for my research ;-)  I recently did get a 32 core Epyc with both 512GB RAM and a 3090, so that's nice, and the fact that we are limited to 1Gb/s bandwith to our servers is often a larger problem ;-( Anyways, having one of these chips would probably take some of my computations to something I need to be careful and thoughtful when doing, to something were I could better play around with the parameters, which would be cool. But I think I'd rather have a 2--4 TB RAM machine, that is going to be way more important for us in the future 8-)
20 years ago I had a dual Pentium Pro 233MHz with 6 SCSI setup, at the time it was pretty powerful and nice to see the muscle it showed in Linux compiles and such compared to typical consumer CPU's at the time.  I would love to have something like this just to watch it flex its muscles in some applications, I'm mainly a gamer so this CPU would be useless and a big fat waste of money.
Meanwhile using my i5-4th gen with Nvidia Geforce-210 and realizing that unplugging the GTX will give me more fps than having it there......
what its the difference between this one and be bet theardtripper?
you should use Teardown as benchmark
"Not made for Gaming! Who cares!" This needs to looped an played back over and over. Prefect! LMAO
Awesome :)
$70 for a pillow?  *OUCH* Are you serious dude?
3:05 Push harder Linus.
Rebuild the entire Minecraft server with dual EPYC CPU’s, max ram allowed, and 500 TB of storage and have your fans NOT crash the server
Talk to Oracle hardware engineers Linus.  I'm sure one of them has been tinkering in his cubicle when he or she is not supposed to.  I still believe Sun (now Oracle) could have built a killer gaming rig.
As an F1 esports player, the gameplay hurt bro. It hurt 😂
STOP IT NATHANN
"you know what else is fast? THE I-" ⏭⏭
Come on...mask?
what about quantum computers
<3
Give me
Yes mom, I need this for studying
Can't imagine the performance gap when AMD move onto TSMCs 5nm
Does he have CEO's of corperations as his audence? Or what's the deal?
According to what I read Daytona performs worse than more modern sockets.
Intel: we need to produce a cpu that just runs faster AMD: MOR KoRS
I bought one, it works, even stress tests works fine, but my PC restarts 20 times per day, I even reinstalled Windows, didn't help, so it's broken, trying to get my money back, but they for a week asking me stupid questions like what motherboard do I have, did I overlocked it etc. Don't recommend to buy it!
im not a fan of intel by any means.. and have been leaning red for many years.. but what about the intel 9282? it is a 56 core cpu?
i could picture the editors durring that 8k scrub kneeling infront of it "we're not worthy!"
hey check what this guy did to cool his pc: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3GKe7eXbPE
Somewhere, a single piece of code written by no human says "Yes, yes, keep up the good work AMD"
lesson learned: servers are better at gaming than gaming computers
Amazing specs...but money can bridge many gaps.....PS  Defecation is not holy.......IMO.....
We need to see the pc pro 2, it would destroy the Mac Pro.
The size of that thing reminds me of the Pentium Pro.  Let's hope this one has a longer lifespan than that one.
AMD comes in with M O A R
You should run games with CPU pnly rendering with these. Would be interesting to see what these massive CPUs can do. Remember when games were run with CPU rendering, and we got GPUs to solve the pixel pushing? Would be nice to know how far CPUs have come now in terms of being able to do this again - with more recent games!
That CPU runs more watts than my power supply!
9:02 "It's not about being good at the game, it's about having a good computer to run the game" --> exactly my point! I have a good PC. All I do is watching YT. But WHEN I play a game, oh boy it looks good 😊
Linus stoo sucking at cpu benchmarks - no one uses just cpu to render, it’s always in tandem with gpu or just gpu - fuck cinebench it’s almost synthetic - test unreal lightmass rendering and shader compiling - does it even support 128 cores, same with adobe encoding video (for instance), fluid simulations - try embergen, or some blender smoke/fluids.. memory latency can fuck up performance like 90% down..  You don’t test games with 128 cores, test edge case software - the stuff that’s actually important to buyers of these power cpus.. This is like test benching a ferarry on how much grocery you can fit, and how well it behaves in snow conditions.. Time after time, these high class cpus are tested by clowns
Also test fluid and phisics simulationd, amd always failed in those tests.. dont give us bullshit samey samey benchmarks
Fastest or most powerfull - if single core performance doesn’t scale, it’s not fastest ..and you didn’t give a single core perfomance not even on cinebench, but you did test gaming performance.. dude - it’s like you’re intentionally showing just the pretty parts
computers are getting to the point where rerouting power is an actual thing, wao
alt title: im gonna flex on you and show you something you can never get
Mineral oil server.  You know you want to Linus
That cpu is good but AMD Epyc
The get bigger because ryzen and intel are basically measuring d*ck sizes with the chip😂
776 THRACIA!!!
@03:01 ... That smile... That damned smile...
apex :D
Most of the reviewers, including you, show benchmark tests and all to show how good a computer is. But, that doesn't create any imagery in our minds(many of us)  about how #cool the system is! Can you also show some gameplays, blender render(and how much time it take, comparing with a medium level machine), etc, which are much more depictive and just simple to feed to our brains?
How many Chrome tabs can it manage?
Soooo fast that if you sat down in front of that system you will need seat belts!
I am still on my Athlon X4 845. Am I allowed to hang out with all you beautiful people?
ripped right from a supercomputer
you could use this for the gaming room in your new house
Linus can retire, the whole team can change, but I pray to God that the editors never stop with the Wendel edits. They're freaking hilarious!
Me gaming and streaming with 2 cores
ummm, is this not last year?
except, dude I been doing server architecture for decades, and uh, I and everyone I know that knows what they are doing avoids AMD processors.. you see most shops are virtualization.. when you are, it makes good sense to pick one and stick with it. so most people pick intel and those that don't tend to regret their decision later on.... and eventually most switch to intel if they didn't  Its a huge pain to find out that your vm cannot be hot migrated because your spare server is amd.... and the vm is on intel.. stuff like that, makes best practice to just not have a mixed environment and in most cases intel wins that battle.... so for home use AMD is beast, but server builds? nah ill take intel just so everything is as close as possible for compatibility purposes.
intel praying that apple doesn't kick there ass here with a couple m2's daisy chained for 2k :)
Not being a gamer, I am more interested in how many Docker containers you can run on one of these bad boys.  Or compiling a frigging huge project with thousands of sub projects on VS2022 64-bit.  How fast can it load a huge project.
70 BUCKS FOR A PILLOW!!!
arguably, the threadripper "consumer" version can be faster just due to the unlockable power limit, given that the task is not just super memory intense
Can you play minecraft with that cpu?
0:35 You know what's also fast? My thumb double tapping.
You absolutely HAVE to mine Monero with those 👍
THIS GPU COST MORE THAN MY PC
You know, just one of the CPU's he just tested would allow me to do away with the servers I have in all of my other buildings.
Cool project?  I think there's no industrial installation in the world which this cpu cannot handle. Tose run on ARM lately (LOL).  Waste water, O&G, F&B, Infrastructure... I think you can run a VERY serious size metal workshop (CNC) off it too. I speak of control, not SCADA or higher stuff, it's boring there.
You don't write with marker on cpu :O
“Yeah! Just have the computer in the other room!” they yelled as they started up the 4+ player virtualisation station and room.
I am surprised there isn’t a channel I know of that does stuff like this for games and calls or checks companies to see if they’re not doing great on the higher quality end. In this climate I could see it being called 8K gamer or something but that doesn’t scale.  I mean I could see companies potentially cutting corners because currently and when it’s relevant the games won’t have that many players who play at a supposedly basically impossible consumer resolution. That basically.
why does my hp old computer give 5 beeps after I change the RAM? Anyone please help...
why won't you guys try installing an integrated gpu on one of these server cpues?
The new 3d mark max thread cpu benchmark on this should be an interesting test
It's all fun and games with the pricing until Intel just bribes Amazon with unofficial chips and low prices
MS FS 2020? In VR of course!
I'd love to see this running on linux, made to *only* calculate digits of pi.
Here you can see a wild Linus in his natural habitat, casually drawing with a marker on an $8k processor.
Future semiconductors will be made out of Metamaterials. Metamaterials will revolutionize tech industries, including space exploration.
You forgot to mention the most IMPORTANT thing: Does it run PONG?
I NEED to know your electric bill
Don't know about you, but I sorta miss the janky/cringe segues into sponsors
Nobody gonna ackgnowledge that he made a Star Wars reference....
wish linus could make a vid about threadripper vs epyc
Project Idea - Compile a linux kernel :P
Linus: Please stop touching the gold pins on the ram sticks. It greatly increases the risk of static discharge. For someone so popular, I don't understand why you haven't taken a course on ESD. Ask any engineer who deals with RAM what they think.
I'd love to see what the current game engine I am building can do with it. I just got the multithreading part of it ironed out. It uses a state controlled thread pool. So depending on the state I can use it in different ways. When in the normal game loop in can run a round robin type system. When initializing and loading files it can use a que task based system. Or I can do hybrid states with some threads doing one and the rest doing the other. I can otherwise control the threads so that when they aren't needed they can be paused and so on. Right now I'm using a z600 works station with 6 cores 12 threads.
Cries in i3
Have you tried F@H ?
This sucks
Bow to the absolute king of segways !
8000 dollar cpu:  Linus: *marker*
It's not about being good at games but it's about having a good computer to run the game
I love these videos - so relatable !
Cool idea, use for cancer research algorithms and weather forecast too.
AMD has always had awesome price/performance numbers, I've been preaching their gospel since the K6. This thing is just fn nuts though.  What to do with it? I wanna see how it does mining Monero. How is it on hashes per kWh?
I hate (am disturbed by) people who say they can't wait or freakin wait.  So what do you do when you cannot exist in this interim of time?  It's no different than using NEVER & ALWAYS..
Again Linus you have become an elitist without even realizing it. Who can reasonably use this or afford it save a tech who lives in the bedroom at Ma & Pa's and is >30. A gaming professional, or please... Because you are LINUS  ask Spielberg or Michael Bay. what they need and has in their editing world. That being a reasonable demand user. You surely are way ahead of them MR. 8K producer.
LINUS!!!!! But can it run Crysis???????? (Without a GPU)
maaaaaan, im so broke ;(
only amd
Which one is better, AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™ 3990X or AMD EPYC™ 7763?
AMD needs to double that 64 core to 128 cores, imagine how fast that would be.
My Pentium 4 at 0° Kelvin is faster
If u Play Apex Over Steam there is a maxFPS Limit of 144 Thats why u have 144 Average. But u can Unlock FPS By Startcommand line
$70 fucking dollars for a pillow?
Dint understood a word dont know why i am watching it
Can it run Windows 11
we have fastest cpu on the planet now we need gpu what can handle that beast becouse all of gpu can't handle even much slowers cpu :'D
Can we run Mac, Windows and Linux at same time on these beasts !?
Can it mine XMR though
🚦
its 70x more expensive than my entire set up Lmao
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE IS FAST!!!!!!!!!??  MA CASE BEER.. FASTER THAN YO SHEET.
DID HE JUST SAY..   " EIGHT THOUSAND DOLLLLASS.."  WHAT THE .. i THOUGHT THOUSE 64 CORES. WERE SUPPOSE TO BE AROUND 4G'S.. WHAT MARKET WE WORKING WITH... OR DID WE JUST JUMPED INTO NEXT MELENIUMM!!!  IM FRIKKIN EI....   EIGHT FRIKINNNN CABBAGES..  8 LARGE BONES.. THATS EXPENSIVE.
Try processing a large point cloud!!! This can take hours on high end machines. Reality Capture is a very rapidly growing industry and compute time is a big problem with delivery as scanners get more powerful.
Try it on a REVIT / ENSCAPE 3D walkthrough of a large architectural model with settings on high with Oculus goggles!!!
Looking at this processor the first thought that crossed my mind was 3dfx Voodoo 5, I don't know why LOL
Seeing how that highly detailed scene rendered almost instantly and immediately thinking of the "Final Fantasy - The Spirits Within" film development: "The film consists of 141,964 frames, with each frame taking an average of 90 minutes to render" They could have used just 1!!!! of those instead of the 960 Workstation they used at the time to render and would have taken a LOT less of time... holy shit, like really holy sh.... this is pre-medieval maths vs. Nasa calculations level of magnitude in difference...
id buy a threadripper shaped giant pillow
some youtuber be buying it for minecraft lmao
Holy sh#t compensator
folding@home ;-)
it wont be the fastest on the planet... Its the fastest commercially available... Its also boring, as it will be so slow people will joke its like a zx81 in not that many years... Nothing to get excited over, moors law....   Anyone with experience will tell you, nothing is exciting in tech anymore.
So this is how skynet started to take over the world...
sorrry itz not about the pc itz about the gaming chair
Roblox lowest graphics 10 fps
9:44 get this editor a cookie xD Or a beer.
3:00 would you like to buy a warranty for my view?
This thing could probably play cyberjunk 2069 at 2048 FPS without glitches…  And that’s a huge ask
my cpu has 2 cores
I Wanna see how many tracks you can run on this monster in Logic Pro / Cubase, but boy.. you have to place it like  MILE away from the studio in a basement with that noise .. lol
Please run virtual machine inside virtual machine inside virtual machine to infinity
Take the red pill, and you will keep Moores law alive. Take the blue pill, and you can keep telling yourself that size does not matter.
give the editors another upgrade already
AMD is trash, and please stop spreading that is the fastest, how about STABILITY and guarantee that it will work without problems of memory controller crash and so on )))
As a scientist who could legitimately use this sort of power for my applications, I am drooling so hard
Wait a century and you'll have a 100 times faster GPU than this one.
Make a minecraft server
why is the clock speed so low?? i9 has 5.3 ghz already
Windows 11 says bye
use it with the MadMax multithreaded Chia plotter!!
when the task manager looks like the display on the Chernobyl reactor 4.
What motherboard would you recommend for 2 of those CPUs?
AMD is really going all out. fuck me that's some fucking proc
3:06 Ouch ;)
Happy that AMD is getting up but you should be living in south pole to dissipate heat
Bitcoin Miners: I WILL TAKE UR ENTIRE STOCK
Intel fans: dislike and cry
Kicking when they're down, lol
i am waiting in case Linus drops a GPU and I can catch it.  cant play anything on my 1050TI nowadays :(
But can it run roblox
16 Gamers 2 CPU
Well, considering that these chips are built for engineering applications, why not have Alex or Colin do a CFD or FEA benchmark on it? Would be pretty cool to see. Plus you know, the pretty colors :)
When will this be available to buy?
3:06 Lmao dont think i didn't see that you didn't install that dimm the right way lmaooooo
please send me that for testing thanks.
Play a video game, but render on the cpu rather than gpu
With the dual epics you could do 21 gamers 2 cpus, each one having a full 6 core-12 thread system
Now all we need is 16 gamers 2 cpus
Project: Benchmark it with MySQL using large Datasets
Do a video utilizing the vgpu route craft computing just released.
Lmao the server at the end still won’t out due my ps4- oh wait I ment jet engine.
"play videia games on it" Linus -2021
Monero mining beast. :D
“I’m not gonna be able to get it up in time, dangit” -linus
We need to tap into LTT server for game play.
You guys should use Linux to make vms and run Linux and windows on the same computer with different monitors, and link the mouse/keyboard across them using synergy or something like that
You're Bad at the GAME, Linus 🤣
It could be a beast to compile maps in csgo. Is cpu based.
The 64-core threadripper pro roughly doubles the performance of this chip, with identical PCI-E lanes, and identical RAM capacity. It was released a year prior to this video's release.
04:52 For a fraction of a second I thought he was holding a 3.5" floppy disk in his hand.
how dare you not test mining crypto in the vid :(
Monero mining benchmark!
More Wendell collaboration please :)
It's not under the hood, it is under the lid!
Intel are going 3nm. That will be the end of AMD in a few years
Meanwhile I'm still rocking my Core2Quad Runs most things when paired with a good GPU and in dual channel memory mode @720p Works good enough for me!  But stuff like this makes my rigs looks like prehistoric IBM and Packard Bells by comparison.
This is the koenigsegg of computer hardware, just mind boggling speed.
linus apex has a 144 fps cap
Bruh what am I doing with my life? I use to not really care about your guy's videos but now I'm here on my laptop sitting on the floor with two different videos by you guys opened xD Love your stuff thank you all!
Imagine using dual Epyc's for Chia plotting ...
Apex is capped at 144 fps unless you go into the launcher and disable fps cap
미쳤다...
Now - AMD is back in ToWn :D
I have no idea what the hell he is talking about... but ill pretend like i do!!
Please anyone I justwant help for my pc. i need gpu i cant perform multitasking because of my pc doesnt have gpu 1050 ti is great pleeeeease
They make them bigger because...bigger is better!!
What if you could just 3-D print that thing, yeah I know.
$8000  That is seriously 40x my PC.  Yeah, it was 200 USD back in January, and I actually use it to play and.. it works.   It's not brilliant, but it works.   40 times the cost of my pc... Holy Fk
But can it run doom
factory price of the cpu = less than 1000$
Microsoft: It's still an AMD. It won't run Windows 11.
11:05 This green sticker is hilarious!!
16 quad-core set-ups?   Why not 16 Octo-core setups? Or 32 quad-core setups?
The noxious jam presently describe because occupation unintentionally fool per a decorous drive. arrogant, brawny romania
Linusss please add Apex Legends to your future gpu benchmarks that game is so badly optimized xD especially where the "waterfall" is in Olympus
I have never seen cinebench run that fast.
think about the time you save swap out all those motherboards
It can be better in benchmarks but amd still suck.
Wow is very big
Sheeesh
AMD Still King
I do not know if "Fastest" is the correct verb at under $.0 GHZ but It is very impressive. I will just have to sell my car and start walking to buy one .
Same intro same song never gets old
awwww thats it?  wanted to see inhell's head explode lmfao
Use the CPU to calculate CERN data collisions. They usually have a whole data center for that.
Let me guess you tried Cinebench with it 🤦‍♂️
290 sounds cool until it's coming from your wall.  16 VMs... Dreams money can buy 🥲
bro just make a helicopter pc
Mine Monero XMR on the 2 x 64 CPU's for 24 hours
It was like real-time rendering.
Fastest CPU? I bet it cant even get 144 stable  fps on Escape from Tarkov lul
But can it mine? #probablynot
It exactly twice as fast as my current chip..sad :/
Just think....one day this cpu will be $100 on aliexpress
Monster cpu
5:13 drawing on 8000$ paper
The thing is, AMD not only destroyed Intel top CPU, they completely exterminated and nuked them. Jeez.
its year 2250. , Linus is still wearing mask...
WTF 😮
If they were less costy then they would sell even way more.
Linus - "Size not important"  I beg to disagree
More Pppooooooweeerrrrrrrrrrr...
that lan center idea is brilliant thats 16 cores per workstation
Wanted to see Cyberpunk on it 😩
Actually... i think the fastest cpu in the world?... nah... the fastest cpu purchaseable? Thats more like it... supercomputers exist you know? 😄 Trust me, linus cant buy the most fastest cpu ever made as it would cost a million dollars or more.😆
Those fans ramping up took me back, to the days when my high school buddy's huge scsi hdd pc would boot up, so loud lol.🤣🤣🤣
And needs you to sponsor
Render times?
I am so disappointed they did not try Simcity 4 game with that CPU.
Size not important, performance that matters 😏
Can you please test Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020 in VR on that setup Pleaaaaseeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! I'm gonna build a rig just for it and I might just use that cpu
Gotta love the weed
Hey! I have a problem that I'm hoping the community can help me with. So, to preface, I've been updating drivers (Chipset, Root Hub, ALL OF IT. Ive ran Driver Booster 3 times). My issue here is that my mouse repeatedly keeps disconnecting and reconnecting, no matter what USB I put it into. Now, I checked that it wasn't my specific mouse by plugging my secondary mouse (a 2 year old Razor Lancehead) and it also had the issue. Ive reinstalled Razor Synapse, and my current mouse is a Mamba Elite.
haha intel bad!!!!!!!!!!!!
Top end graphic cards just bottlenecked themselves
It's sad that the server noise reminds me of my laptop's fans while gaming
5:08 he really went and fucking drew on an $8000 cpu
Wait how much veruscoin a day can you make with this
8:57 Not too bAad
Me watching this on my 2 cores 4 thread CPU, :D
5:51 so usefull... and tr4x threadtheaper specs too...??? we need it...???
The test: Is it possible to  benchmark it on AI (some sample NN) AND compare it to 3090? AI is on hype for a decade, it would be nice to see what can it do.. PS. As most of us know, modern AI is utilizing GPUs or FPGAs, but it would be nice to see how far (or close) CPU is.
I want to see you guys play rimworld on that but with like 400+ colonists.
Who thought the i9 m1 or the Rtx 3090 was good   Yeah nah
Adds for Mobile Plans with Datacaps are like a 2010 Flashback. Wtf
Why the gpu fan not spinning?
So it can run Minecraft?
It's insane that someday this will be the slowest processor out there
Epyc CPUs... Don't move, they can't see you if you don't move.
I'm gonna build a home server with two of those. Yeah really. It's matter of time not money. In a decade from now I'll buy them on ebay for a couple hundred bucks... lol
10:23  x
Anyone wanna welcome me? Upgraded from a i7-7500U to a 5700U AMD, I just can't believe I legit upgraded from a 2 core to a 8 core chip, like wow. And so far, this thing, is , TOO fast.
usw ice to cool it👌🤣
render a 128K video XD
Crazy heat wave in Canada - Linus still wears the damn beanie. Guess they really went all out on AC in the studio.
someone farted that you have masks on your face?
AMD rimjob fanboy
special html languageto link all quantum computers must be built & then that software optimizations should be added to every modern day soc'  bios & normal code be  written to use soc wirelessly where more cpu power is required I hate my 6S is just sitting there dead I could just power it  & gain its free unused resources for other stuff that I use or maybe it can mine or be used as some random adserver we dont need toput 1qbit data backinto our current soc's we need to transform our current data to use all quantum states  & these qsoc's  process that  & spread it  geosynced everywhere,so even 1mhz clock can translate intobetter perfomance ,I agree minimum gains  unless architectureis upgraded but it will still make a difference, bet on it statios
Rich man problems/solution.... Still struggling to pass TPM to upgrade to win 11 :-D
00:02:58 What? Anyway...sexy babe with nose-ring. Sweet!
Hummer with a Cummins swap? Linus i think you mean Duramax but A for effort lol
Cool !
No clue what Linus is talking about but he looks happy...
I'm just here to find out who that is at the 3 miunte mark.
8:15 If that was a shot at intel it was great lol.
Interesting will be seeing the Sales Results of Intel for this Year in Server Field.......as I remember the last year they have lost a huge Percentual..........they are really out of ammos I think
I actually lol'ed at that segway xD Good job Linus
Ah yes cant wait to buy this!     ...never 😦
128 Threads...That's...EPYC!
You should make a Wheatly PC, and mocks you whenever you start up the computer or press a button on it
i'll upvote this video just for that m.2  clip, sorry linus lol
So fast my packet was slashed!
I need this plz send as a gift...thank you sir
2 sponsers for 1 video thats not a joke. ;)
HOLY $H!T OMG .
Conspiracy theory here: COVID was produced to stop IT to move to AMD chips. The same happened in 2003.
Test how many 12K video streams from the BlackMagic Ursa 12k cameras at FULL 4:4:4:4 RAW and/or UNCOMPRESSED YCbCrA/RGBA that you can ingest and compress to 4K video IN REAL TIME with Lanczos-3 high quality resizing filter on, Unsharp Mask on and RGB/YCbCr colour AND HSL plus Gamma/Contrast correction applied !!!!!  v
Intel is better each & every day in gaming, due to its higher level of integrity for games and high clocks. + integrated graphics makes a lot of difference when you are low on budget or just doing normal office work.
Linus: "You know what else is fast?!" Me: Yes, the 4 button presses on my right arrow key :^)
Fast as hell with the dualies at the end....if you don't mind living in an air raid..........
jesus christ
Why would you render something on a cpu
And linus drawing on an 8000$ cpu
Ok I just bumped by head wtf
That cpu is like the price of my whole setup and more lmao
am i actualy only one who see those fu"" bended pins ?????
but... can it run stellaris 60fps at late game?
Michael Jackson at 7:58
Try Minecraft, because it uses the cpu to render the game
I remember when having 128 megabytes of ram was a big deal, now we have CPU with as many threads...
Any motherboard out there that can house them both at once?
Hi Linus, I was wondering if you could make a video about fixing GPU's that crash and what's the cause and solution to this problem/s. I have a GTX 1050 TI and it crashes during games, even in low settings, I watched a lot of videos and followed them all the way through but it still doesn't fix the problem/s. I turn to you because I believe that you could help fix my and everyone else's  problem/s. We are in a GPU shortage so there is no way we can buy another one. I hope you  or your team reads this and considers it.
Now give it to me!
You have to know what the freak you're doing.  That Linus knowing what he talking about.
I have an idea: Gift it to me 😂😂😂
It’s so fun to watch Linus get giddy
Hey guy can you pls connect 4 of these processors and another 4 of ryzen 9 5950x on one motherboard with 4 rtx 3090 and then demonstrate the power of that computer pls
Buck u
Involuntary screaming when I saw Linus use a marker on that like it was a napkin.
Linus, your forehead had a mustache in this video.
Me: oh cool I'll bu- Linus: "$8000" Me: sht
You know what's faster?Me clicking out of this video before your sponsor segway
you could use them servers for a new minecraft server and see how many people fit in a single world at once.
What's the point in using server grade processor for a gaming experience?
Omg he wrote on the 7000$ CPU :O 5:00
It would be awesome if someone gift me a GPU even if it’s just 4gb for my birthday
Fastest CPU!!! Nice now lets see how tombraider runs on it
Sorry for your loss
Do I have any reason at all to ever think of purchasing one of these or using one? No.  Am I going to watch the entire 13 minute video about it? Absolutely!
Has anyone else noticed a big drop in views for Linus over the last few months? I'm pretty sure it's because he's always looking like a homeless person
Fastest is a little misleading, most powerful would be far more accurate statement. A Bugatti Veyron is one of the fastest engine driven vehicles in the world but the 107,000 horsepower Wärtsilä RT-flex96C engine is far more powerful.
Gonna be honest who spends $70 on a pillow tf
NO ONE IS GOING TO PAY FOR THAT UNLESS THEY ARE A GREEDY DUMB A**. Ridiculous!
2 cores here.  Am I keeping up with the big boys?
Yo LTT. I am brand new to computer building and I just built my first pc lol. I really want to replace the thermal pads and paste that came with my 3080 gpu... I spent A LOT of money building this pc and don't really want to kill my GPU by taking it apart and having something go wrong. Could you possibly help me out?
Now all I need is a butt-load of CASH !!     🤘🏽😎🔥
It's huge!!!!
Looking forward to waiting until I’m 90 so this will be dirt cheap 😤
what's the difference between epyc and threadripper 64 core? which is better for audio software. music producing? :D
$8000 cpu and Linus doodles on it, causing it to devalue.
We've heard this same line from Linus before. Every generation of CPU is faster than the one before it. It'll be old news tomorrow.
way to brag about having two of them! Hahaha 😂 Rub it in our faces, those of us who do not have money for chicken nuggets. I can't wait to build just a decent gaming PC someday, not even top-end. Great video though! Keep it up I'm glad you guys can do this 👍
why are you wearing the doofy masks?
Incredible what AMD is doing there
was that f1 game you played, GRID?
why not 69 cores?? duh
thats a lot of megafarts
yeye
Man, this is just crazy! 😍 I love to be a tech nerd! 😎
It's over 9... nety thousands!
lmao  put it in the desk pc
I guess I will buy it once it is reviewed by the 8-bit guy.
sounds like a vacuum cleaner
But can it run paint at 30 fps
Sooo, it costs less than a 3070, bargain! =p
Linus, can we make it a thing with every new gen server CPUs to play Crysis 1 in software mode until we get to full smooth 120+ fps?
"Not meant for gaming ... Who cares, you're gonna game pretty good" When i'm rich I want to have these type of conversations
3:05 Is Linus The Great™ putting in a ram stick backwards?
Question is, how well does emulation work? (e.g. Breath of the Wild/Metroid Prime Trilogy at 4K + ReShade and RTGI)
you better make that BEAST a minecraft server
So what we got CPUs that we can't afford GPUs that we can't buy. Guess we can't get any better than this.
that gpu is gross huge
Wow 😦
3:00 who is that?
The Unreal engine realistic stuff?
Mainwhile in Maxon headquarter: -F@ck, we need to make an new harder Cinebench bencmark SW. -Yes and we should call Cinebench Epic.
Fake
Ur intro is such a vibe
10:15 that 🔥🔥🔥
Ok next running crysis on 128 cores zen3 in software.
Apex is capped at 144fps…
can it run minecraft?
Ffffff 120W of cooling....  Holy ffff
can ya give me the other one? since you got 2
Watching this on my Pentium 4.
Loving that Apex got a mention! Apex represent!!!
Userbenchmark: "Nah an I3 is faster"
Nasa cpu
Cyberpunk 2077 should be the gaming benchmark.
TSMC: So how many operations per second do you want this EPIC sku to do? AMD: Yes
10 years later teens will watch this video and scoff at the title
it would make sense to make a super high end pc with a super high end cpu
TLDR; it better be with it being that size... betcha it gets hot AF too. I guess if you live in a cold region and need a 2ndary heater and are on a budget, get this chip!
That’s what I don’t like about PCs. They crash if a lot of the cpu is used. But this cpu will cope just fine
Faster than this?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQGyd2kuctA
Is amd ryzen good or intel ?
masks are a thing of the past?...............u guys are still wearing them????.............atleast here in the u.s...........idk....
8000$ for only CPU wow... I wonder if we can do video editing online for such a massive speed...
:o
do you know what the best $300 to $600 laptops are? i wold really like to  know
me with a4-5300 and you with that , fare world
That's a noisy server
1:30 Yoda very small donger indeed have. Fun, very much.
Is this faster than M1
Use your 128 thread cpu to run genetic algorithm to design a car via simulation, lets see how long will it take :)
just threw like 4 of these away at work
64 cores and we still cant Play at 360 Hz
You should definitely use it to train an AI to drive a car Linus!!
1:38 you are holding the RAM sticks wrong - you don't hold it by the gold lining at the bottom
Linus... Run a nas off that beast... What would that look like??? Would that be able to upscale/downscale video on the fly?
Remember when every intel user shitted on amd for years, now look at them.
I suggest you to try DCS World on it.
project for you: make a pc for me(i only have amd a10 ;-;)
What about the Xeon Phi 7295? More threads = more fun! 😂😂♥️😘
I can't even imagine its existence 😂😂😂😂
He's holding 8000 usd cpu like oreo
just like im going to let you know what to use a sponsor for end video
Make the strongest pc you can and make it run arma on ultra settings
AMD epic momen
me who buyed an intel board for the first Time: Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
I knew 3 years back ago, AMD is going to either Rip off Intel or its gonna die bad. BUT I can bet in the next three years Intel would be just done in front of intel. Also AMD is also about to announce 6nm Cpus . They havent announced the date but yeah.... BYE BYE INTEL
Imagine using this server to run a Minecraft server.
Compare it with the Ryzen 9 5950x
Wait a couple days before this CPU is obsolete, it was a good run/video for the time being.
But can it run Star Citizen?
BUT CAN IT OPEN WINDOWS EXPLORER?? NAH I DONT THINK SO
Dad, I want this for my online class.
Is it much better that the Intel Core i9 10900k CPU I still Recommend i9 as the best
WHAT THEY DON’T TELL YOU IS HONEY WONT RUN ON IOS
Here watching in fx 4300 and gtx 760 ❤️
Run folding@home on it for a month!
Hey, I thought you guys at LTT may be interested in this guys off the wall air cooling system:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3GKe7eXbPE
'size not important performance that's what matters' - Linus 2021
With great power....comes greater electricity bill.
Crysisi still looks so good
You should test how many cgi models or video editing stations can run off a single server with one of these
First thing you can do with that server is build a silent cooling system that matches the CFM.
me: chilling with a bad CPU linus: The best cpu on the planet me (again): Oh nice
I’d like to see you try and use all those PCIe Gen4 lanes!
just release those GPUs .
me watching this on a rasberry pi 4
Send me one of your GPU !! wkwkwkwk
You should test this core in Beamng.Drive
Yeah, AMD's EPYC has been shown to be much superior to Intel's current server chips, especially in performance per watt, but apparently a LOT of the software these datacenters run is compiled for Intel and not fully compatible with AMD, so there hasn't been a mass migration. Tom from Moore's Law is Dead talked with some server engineers on his podcast and they said validating the software stack for AMD would take years. That unknown reliability is why they're hesitant to migrate. Just one extended downtime incident because of a program trying to use instructions that don't exist would mean losing big clients.
emmm i want a 360hz alienware 25inch monitor :)
Can it run minecraft in full setting ....?
jet engine
10:23 Sounds like a frickin MacBook with one chrome tab open ( I realize that the new m1 chip is 10x quieter, but why kill the joke :)
Right but how does it do mining Monero??? . . . Edit: only 640 days to break even!
roblox on this when?
people who use cpu mining for salad: :D
Now I want that server. Just for the sound.
Gift me a 5k dollars pc T.T
pov my name is melond
Why did linus choose australia and not the canada track on f1 2020?
I use it to watch 128 Pornhub clips at the same time
Yeah but can it run cyberpunk?
Drop your pillow price 30 cents, you are welcome.
S ï ( k   😲 💥
My 5950X shriveled seeing the R23 benches. I get like 31k in those with a 4.625GHz OC
He should compare this with the power5 beasts IBM shove in their mainframes that only cost a few dozen million. Just to put that "most powerful CPU" in context
Can it monitor a phased plasma rifle in the 40-watt range and calculate battery optimization during the recharge cycle?
70$ for a pillow⁉️
10:23 when my playstation boots up
If I had a nickel for every sponsor I've skipped
And u play roblox
that can’t do nothing more than ryzen 5 😂
Can I have it…
Please try mine Monero with that cpu 😍
I've taught its the threadripper
That server sounds like what would happen if I decided to overclock my RX 580... "Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
actually not true this is not the fastest CPU on the planet, it is however the fastest CPU using x86_64 architecture, the real fastest CPU on the planet is known as the Wafer Scale Engine (WSE), made by Cerebras, the original Wafer-scale engine using 14nm technology boasted 1.2 trillion transistors I think. The new WSE-2 now wields 850,000 AI-optimized cores spread out over 46,225 mm2 of silicon packed with 2.6 trillion transistors. Cerebras also revealed that the second-gen chip has 40 GB of on-chip SRAM memory, 20 petabytes of memory bandwidth, and 220 petabits of aggregate fabric bandwidth. The company also revealed that the chip consumes the same 15kW of power as its predecessor but provides twice the performance, which is the benefit of moving to the denser 7nm node from the 16nm used with the previous-gen chip. while yes the WSE is heavily optimized towards AI it's still the fastest CPU on the planet, the thing is the WSE1 in its CS1 package as they sell it was able to beat the Jule supercomputer which is the 61st fastest supercomputer in the world in a combustion simulation, for less than I think half or a quarter of the price.
U should try to super cool it  with nitrogen.. and then it will be crazy fun 😁😂
The perfect CPU for our next server more than the cores is the Pcie lanes that are damn cool
i like that sound from Airplain it is really heavy and fast !
Yes, but can it run Windows 11?
me watching this video on my intel i3 4005u processor...
I'm planning to buy this CPU in the future to play my favorite game plants vs zombies.
Use that server for a ML project  🥰 cheers 🍻LTT
Run Prime95 on it and tell me how quick it is.
For whatever it's worth...  I am pretty sure the L3 cache still has a NUMA topology that has variable latency by default, but it's generally faster than the previous generation if the underlying code segments the workload properly.  It's interesting how we're seeing a convergence of the CPU and GPU,  the 3080 TI has about 80 SM's.  If AMD ever decides to introduce an operating mode on their CPU's which streams similar to NVIDIA's SM, these "CPU's" might out-perform "GPU's".
Well, in more into performance not aesthetic, RGB doesn't matter as long the frame does not drop.
What motherboard run on that CPU? My motherboard can't even support my i7-3rd gen
$h!1 bro
Apex Legends caps framerate to 144, unless you put fps_max x on the launch options
Wait til Linus hears about the 128 core AMD Zen4 CPU that isn't out yet (codename Bergamo; check out Moore's Law Is Dead's video about it) (there also could be a 96 core version under a different codename, targeted at a different usecase)
"It cost 8000k ... " Talking to myself, "Why I'm even watching this..."
I wonder how many USB2 devices that thing can run at full (USB2) speed at the same time   like if you were gonna try to make a nas or san or some other bulk storage solution with each drive running on only a USB2 connection   I used to have a portable 1tb USB hard drive that could be run on USB3 or USB2 (if it can get enough power)   although additional/external power would probably be better if you were gonna run a bunch of them at the same time   I wonder how many USB2 connections you can get from a pci-e x16 slot (all going at the same time, using as much bandwidth as they should reasonably be able to before you start experiencing lower bandwidth)   and is there any adaptor/hub that you can plug into a 5 gig USB3 port and get about as many USB2 ports as the bandwidth might suggest you should be able to get (10? maybe 9 because of overhead?), and what would be the theoretical and practical max numbers of USB2 ports off of a 5 gig USB3 connection, and a pci-e x16, respectively?
Use these cpus for to train the AI model for identifying the images. Try it!!!
do this I dare you Linus  Rtx quadro 8000 with this cpu and run minecraft on super extreme Patrix shader lmao
I want to see some compiles on that thing that would work as compile time "benchmarks" how long does it take to compile glibc? How long for a 5.13.0 kernel etc.
i was waiting for the thing to start hovering and calling the ATC for takeoff.  all those fans, could probably beat the Black Bird SR71
Ah yes, $8000 dollar cpu that only 8 people can buy👍
Yea I clicked out after $8,000 💀💀
Build the ultimate Unraid server with this!
Size doesn't matter - Linus 2021
"Size not important, performance is what matters" that's what she said before ending up with my plumber Edit - At 1:30
Me watching this 10 years from now. Damn that was super slow!
You know its good when it says "EPYC" on it
Why keep making videos in cpu n gpu if we can’t get almost anything in stock ? Make a review on stuff we can just go out and buy
0:25 u acted like ross from friends show
Omg 8.000$ but where gpu😭
1x Bad Ass Mad Max Chia run with a Ram Disk, 2x 2TB PCI 4.0 in software Linux raid, and all cores.  You would set some world records for Chia Plotting Times with that bad boy!!!
I cried when he drew on that cpu :(
Stop benchmarking apex legends by looking at the sky in training. The game is terribly optimized you need to benchmark it by actually going into fights and crowded areas where you’re guaranteed to drop frames.
use it to hack onlyfans data base
benchmark makers : "this test is gonna cripple cpu's  amd: "what test?"
why do they give this shit to linustechtips and not intelligent content creators who didnt drop out of college
Omg playing mmo's like Guild Wars 2 WvW and Planetside 2 with hundreds of players, you would get so much fps with those games
If you are watching this you probably don’t need this CPU
Looking forward to a chip package the size of a motherboard..... Intel?
3:34 dat fan
A project you could use the epycs for?  At what point can a CPU make GPU's irrelevant?
Amazing to think that you will get comparable CPU’s like this in a few years for a few hundred bucks
I’d buy that
i think Mr Beast need to help me right now
faster than NASA?
Easy: Folding@home
Nope... not watching. I want to love my 3700X.
Congrats Linus! You can now finally run Windows 11
Actually, Google and Nasa are experimenting on a quantum computer, you may know it, but no, it's a "normal" computer but it's the prossessor, the component that does the calculations, that is quantum. And given that this "quantum processor" made a calculation in 30 seconds which would have taken 10 years for the most powerful computer in the world(In fact, it is hundreds of computers connected together that make a good calculator)  In short, here, it is not the most powerful processor on the planet! 😝
Gimme
imagine this cpu in minecraft with ultra realistic shader , ultra realistic texture pack
I predicted many years ago..... cpu's would stop getting smaller.... and start getting larger.       I win.
More like MrBeast Tech
Thoughts on pairing that with a gt 710?
you gotta play tf2 with that thing
Linus videos have become a joke. Stop those try to be funny moment
Compare it with apple M1 chip
Do VASP DFT computations with a magnetic spin on.
How about testing how many virtual machines you can run stacked within each other with this thing while still running cinebench on each host?  How deep can you go?
I feel I could go back a year ago and get the same video.
A few Freudian slips about size not being important and it’s all about performance  Hmmm 🧐 what u tryna tell us Linus
How about they scrap all current CPU models and only create these and better at the same price.... Now it will never happen but it should........
The price is insane...
Hey Linus Would a 2070super ,  3600x six core , 16gb ram, 2tb storage be good for gaming , games Like rust, call of duty and newer games  ps. i love your vids been watching for a while now!
BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS 1080P???
Finally, I can have 16 chunk render distance on minecraft java
Lol apex maxed out on 144fps 4k me with maxed settings just without 4k 175fps with my Ry5 3600 rx570 GB🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
do you really trat your employees like they are shoes i have been told this by someone and i hope its not true :/
I wonder who wrote this to put that Hummer Cummins swap reference lmao
Was about to ask if it could run Crysis when you literally tested the Crysis 3. Dang it.
Next cpu for ps5 pro? Jk
With cloud services like AWS, Azure, Google Cloud,  who needs CPU to build servers now a days?
The RPCS3 performance must be crazy
like he said ,size not important ,performance is what matters XD
holy shyt
Is there any application of DX ray tracing? or Vulkan ray tracing that you could try on this thing? I want to see real world metrics for RTRT on these. Sans GPU... Even the raw rendering of the OG Jurassic Park CGI would be interesting to see on this tech.
AMD EPYC: I'm the fastest CPU ever! My brain at night: Pathetic.
Yayy
What a Monster 😃👍❤️✔️ Great Piece of Hardware ❤️✔️ Go Ahead AMD Regards from Europe from my channel Bro's 😃👍
I've known about the coming of that chip for a bit. I wish I could afford one or 2 of them. BooooHoooo!!! The last-gen 7742 is still AMAZING Too! Can't afford it either. :~/ Why did you run the fans on max in the server? Should have put the fans on auto. That's what it usually sounds like at bootup for like 5secs. Then it whispers comparatively. I'm in love with AMD Epyc Server CPUs. I admit it.  :~)
Linus: Size doesn't matter, performance does. Me: Put that in mind girls.
I know this is perhaps a "Beating a dead horse" comment buuuuttt Can it run Crysis?? hahahah
get 8000 bucks cpu. search for free to play games on steam
Yes mom i need this for homework
1:22... wellll, there are wafer-scale CPUs. A company called Cerebras makes them for AI workloads.
No CSGO?
How do you go from a ncix chosen kid to make vids for them to this
Dude what is this fascination with Blender. Blender is not industry standard. Show Maya or Max.
In 8 years, he’s going to make another video on how you can get this $8000 cpu chip for $100 on ebay.
70 dolaaaarsssss for a piiilooooow looooooool xD
It's not a threadripper?!
Can you do a best computer Series
Ever since Meat Canyon made his video with you every time I see your face I think of a baby in a blender…
who else thinks that ...Most of his dialogues have double meaning
Looks like less than 10 available!
I want to see SOLIDWORKS bench on this thing
You can play cyberpunk on low with steel 30 fps with it so good i need it
waching the noise part with my ac ging fric Crazy was hillarious! XD
now borrow a pc from nasa
I assume you meant 70 degrees F.. not C..  because 70 degrees C is 158 degrees F.. that's the same temperature you slow roast your chicken.
Can you try it on StarCraft2 with over a million units of all the class type go against each other on a 20v20. That'll be a good content. Since most CPU burn out for just a few thousands. If only i could afford those, i'll do it. #LinusTechTips
10:56 over 9000!!
Thats not a cummins, thats a v8 diesel. Is most likely a 6.6 duramax.
I have such a love hate relationship with LTT. On one hand I love to see all the PC tech. On the other hand I'm so f**king jealous of how he gets his hands on all of it. The man just gets to play with two of the fastest CPUs in the world and here I am still waiting after seven months for a decent GPU to come in stock at an affordable price lol.
And I thought the thread ripper was the best
My man is so rich that he literaly draws on a $8000 cpu
Where did he get 16 grand, ( I suppose that's before taxes), did he sell his soul?
Should have used all that computing power to figure out how to get rid of the irrelevant sponsors trying to sell pillows and what nots
can it beat intel ?
I love that they added "preferably in the other order" after recording (when he was talking about bios and CPU switching). Hey Linus, we need to redo this part... fuck off, just record my voice, and put it in-between!
i want one. i want one of those servers so bad
ok anyone get honey and have it be nothing like what they say it is on sponser ads the ads say you can just click a button and have it scan codes and i use it and it just gives me 3 codes i can use for foam pillows and microwaves
4:15 .............. *SO ......................... NOBODY IS GOING TO TALK ABOUT ALL THOSE BEND PINS !?*   FOR SURE ....  LINUS DROPPED THAT GPU ON IT !!!
ok now gpu
But can it run valorant??
I need a new server PC for my modded Minecraft server. Hit a boi up pls, I'll send you an invite.
91k ...that's weak...
3:06 LoL that memory didn't get properly attached!
Finaly, i can play ruinscape in peace
Epyc : fastest cpu on the planet. NASA quantum computer : Amateurs.
It's far to late for anyone to read this let alone for you to do anything with my idea but because it is YouTube I will commence screaming into the void anyway.  Do some actual good with them. As a pair in a server with all of the rest of the components at the same level as the pair of CPU's run something that will benefit humanity. Cure cancer, for example. Make them work, absolutely as hard as they can for as long as they can, doing something truly helpful for humanity. Or at least the rest of Canada.
8k$ lol. Give it 5 years and a 200$ CPU will beat that.  Edit: i know it's not for your average home PC, my comment is exagerated on purpose
I need fast cpu please help i don't have money
Play mine craft on highest Graphic XD
this cpu with 2x rtx 3090ti in Anno in 8k and star citizen in 4k in the same time
Who else heard $8,000 and immediately started clenching when he started swinging it around?
It can it run crysis?
idk why but LTT is like Instagram for me   i can see items i can NEVER EVER have in my real life  :\
Wow, compiling Firefox is not a thing anymore with this.
Yes mom i that for studing
Multiple gaming servers.. perhaps? Though if im honest im more interested in how much ram can be stuffed into a server - cause some games seem to want to take way more ram.
In 15 years: We have a low capacity vintage CPU, let´s see how they use to play in the old days.
Yes but... can it run Doom?
Apex is capped at 144
1:14 Linus : This things are huge me : That's what she said
Intels 20k
try to make movie with it
"Size, not important. Performance is what matters." - Yoda
Thus man had 2 sponsers in one vid
1:35 linux seks tips
Remind me if this becomes a meme: 1:35
5:32 seeing Linus draw on a top notch CPU gave me flashbacks to when electroboom used his Tesla as a whiteboard
I got the LTT honey ad before this and i was like:     *man it would be really funny if linus got sponsored by honey in this video so then I get 2 honey ads*
Wow - this video is really tech to the max - it's not as often now that you can do a video showcasing this level of performance.
my poor cpu at 4148.......
How many years are you guys going to wear masks for?
no one:  Me: i wonder if it could run a minecraft server with 69420 player
yeah, they for sure have bridged the fuse with aluminum foil for this vid.
It’s not even 200 dollar difference linus
This video is indeed Epyc
GRATE
i hate that montherboard it looks like is 15yo
I need it to do science. Can i get one? I have 3 tb of data and I’m running it on two razer blades 2014 i5 😭
Linus is the only guy that uses a $8000 CPU as a notepad
sorry no kidneys for you, AMD
Project idea: centeralized PCs  So you have all off your PCs in one room but have switvhboxes to allow you to use the same pc in any room. Gotta switch rooms mid game? Just change the channel and seamless transition into same computer from another room
"Size does not matter, performance matters". hits me so hard.
lol even a budget cpu is faster in games then this thing
🌝🏵️♥️🏵️AMD. One love🏵️♥️🏵️😏
Exctly that processor need UE5 )))
3:05 failed to post due to memory module being left half out!
Ho do i enter a ROG  reboot plz
They have the best cpu while im wishing id have a pc not a laptop lol
sort of like having a buddy tell me i couldnt run 4* cards at 8x on x58
me : its crazy they can afford all that stuff  shill : $70 pillow
Wendell and Anthony are the two geeks I'd drink a beer with.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEERREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I'm watching this on my Intel Pentium 2 Lol
I can compile Gentoo in like 15 minutes on this beast
5:10 rare footage of a stupid human being drawing on a 8000$ Cpu
Xiaomi Mijia Fresh Air Conditioner
Water cool everything
Just wishing that Apple would use the m1 architecture to outdo this just for fun, would be the most powerful and most efficient, they could sell it for a ton.
nice i'll be able to buy one after only 2 years
OK, Ting or Mint? They're both T-mobile MVNOs
It pisses me off how he doesn’t uncap the FPS in the game so we don’t know what it’s actually capable of. This goes for every of his other videos as well.
Can you mine crypto with gpu & CPU at the same time?
That RTX 3090 SUPRIM "I guess I am no longer relevant"...
*MOM* tells me youtubers make no money  *FELLO CANADIAN YOUTUBER* uses permanent marker on a EPYC MILAN  5:16
oh man... dont draw on the extreme processor...
What about same cpu but with 128 or 256 cores and 5.5ghz base clock cpu and gpu speed? i thini they've 2nm tech now so it can be smaller too,  exept if they will integrate a 3090 or 6900 into it;)  like the older laptops but with this nzwest technologies?  let's make a build?
Gonna need this just to run VRChat.
I love how he puts a stock cooler on the worlds best cpu😁😁😁
why don't you test it with eve online or should i say contact eve and see if they will let you test this on the game as a server for them?
Are you saving money on heating? Or just losing hair? The thing on your head doesn't look cool - is there a purpose to it?
3:07 RAM didn't go all the way in :O
Just something else I can't afford
I know i cool project for it. Make a pc and send it to me
Such a fine technology
I need a few of these for my render-servers.
You could use it as a tornado alarm
i could buy a car with that tho , but nice processor
Slap an Minecraft Server on it, and let us Viewers try to crash it, or overload it xD
Its so fast it can mine CUDOS no biggy. In fact... CUDOS and AMD are like H 2 O.
AMD Winssssss ;)
There are several suspicious references in this video.
I would like to see how many desktop users playing games could this bad boy run
1:18 Size does matter 😏
But can it run Windows 11?   Sorry it had to be said
5:00 my guy starts DRAWING on the world’s most powerful cpu, that’s our papa linus
Can you try to play valorant?
Well. that Kind of CPU power is Really Needed for Forlding Simulation for Better Medicinal Breakthroughs and Finding a better Cure for Virus and Other common diseases that have no Cure yet.
Level1Techs guys are awesome!
That feeling when a CPU is more than your ENTIRE setup:
Meanwhile a typical ArmA 3 multiplayer scenario: *meh*
It’s a good cpu, to test 6000+ google chrome tabs)
But will it run windows 11🤭
>buys this >forgets to match the triangles  cpu broken heart broken but most of all wallet broken
That enthusiasm in an intro was unheard of, but I loveeeeeeed it :D
How does it run star citizen?
A stack of cores
Epyc vs Threadripper for cpu rendering, who wins?
3:00 Linus missing the RAM socket.
Omg! I want the last server machine with two 7763 to simulate my liquid fx.
I’d still fry my computer
Why isn't anyone talking about how he was drawing on a cpu
me watching this makes me sad for my intel 610. Intel pentium gold 4 gb ram :)
No one :  Among us youtubers: Now this is the pc i need
Why you don't use screen recorder?
This beast has an unlocked multiplier?
me with my i3 2nd gen : I still think mine is better
i would mine some monero haha
Imagine if socs were this big
But can it run Windows 11?
Me with 4 cores 8 threads: "Neat"
And here i am with my i5 4460 lmao, the more time passes, the more my cpu is crying
9:50 Linus: oh i crashed Me: you know what want crash? Glasswire
linus you need to stop talking ab cpus with 64 cores and get  64 bitches
Would not be surprised if in a decade that would be conciderd not very fast technology developing too fast lol
A Minecraft server?
I think linus is compensating for something...
Use those CPUs to render a Zoom meeting. Maybe?
Son, let's talk about that RAM you were trying to plug. SON!
1000* not 200. you said 1000 but on screen wrote 200=
Y'all need to do really CPU intensive games such as GTA V or my personal favorite BeamNG.Drive and see how many cars it can handle!     P.S. not a lot of people test bench games like this so it'd be great because there is a massive community that want to know which CPU is the best for BeamNG.Drive
What is that tool that shows temp and wattage?
every body is gangsta until rich kid start doing maths on 8k cpu
8000$ is an overkill
"Hang on. Am I even gonna be able to get it up in time? Dang it!"
lol i saw you in my dream last night one of my best dreams
GIB
Fastest Minecraft server in the world?
https://youtu.be/ZAPrfwFcNpc
Give me one CPU, cuz I only got a shitty 2014 intel CPU, please.
$70 for a pillow 😂😂😂
we can only dream..
Can we overclock it to 5Ghz?
лет через 10 эти эпики будут сливать китайцы за 600 рублей на Али , как сейчас зеоны
SENT IT TO ME LIN >< you dont need it <3
is it a part of your midlife crisis to start getting into cars? XD
Cant be a linus video unless he drops the cpu
you know whats faster? my ability to double-tap the screen
I'm here for the segways, makes me smile every day xD
I really wanna see a remake of can thread ripper run crysis but with epyc insted (I mean the video where the whole game was cpu rendered gpu was used just for display output)
Mind bogglingly powerful cpu aside, crysis 3 is gonna be a decade old soon and it does not age
World Community Grid computing?
But can it run crysis?
I was so proud of my Ryzen 9 3900 non-x ... until now. :-)
Please do some heavy graphic design on MS Paint with this CPU.
WOW, this power would be a dream for me. Unfortunately, I have to lay but certainly still a few suitable power lines.
How many PPD in Folding@Home?
why did this make me hungry
Hopefully the threads on the Threadripper pillows don't rip because… RIP
bang main gta bisa ngak?
How do Intel justify their prices??? 2 reasons. and both are AMD. Firstly, Linux Kernel integration isn't brilliant. Secondly, reliability isn't the best and downtime can be costly.
10:20 Perfect for Flight Simulator :)
32 gamers 2 CPUs?
Can it run GTA IV?
“Size not important...” I wish That she said this...
I really need that 70 dollar pillow
Another thing that makes my 5600x cry
This video was sponsored by  ̶h̶o̶n̶e̶y̶    AMD.
mutahar would like to know your location
Let face it nVidia and Intel seem to be giving up with actually developing competitive drivers and hardware that lead the future of consumer use. AMD just keeps getting better as they age.
I like that dude's name.
i would love to have this kind of server for cfd work. #dreams
How much FPS would I get on this thing playing Starcraft 2 😏
Me after a successful kidney operations be like: This processor is in my hand😂
Why have I seen linus videos with 2 sponsors A video I watched had one sponsor at the beginning and displayed another at the end same with this bruh
Holy shit, Linus just referenced Cummins performance and swapped Humvees. The part of my brain that deals with enthusiasm for hobbies just came quite hard
Collab with Neil Parfitt to use a dual EPYC server to bring The sound of a Mahler orchestra to LTT, all virtual
Emmett Brown : Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Linus: Its Okay Doc Its 2021 we got you covered "pulls out chip"  \o/
Can you get it to run on the new Noctua passive cooler?
Still intel i9 10990xe is the best cpu https://gadgetversus.com/processor/intel-core-i9-10990xe-vs-amd-epyc-7763/
All editors one pc would be great.
why you didnt overclock it
now play crysis and use the cpu as gpu
Crysis 3 a fine 🍷
2:58 - This has nothing whatsoever to do with the topic of the video, but damn Sarah looks great when she dresses up.
Work with these on the daily :) i do agree application is key
I rly want that three ripper pillow
am i the only 1 considering linus being addicted to tell us about their sponsor?
Shame they didn't do the same for threadripper (threadrippoff?)
Want the M.2 latch...
HOLY SHIT, Eventually this thing will Become a Desktop CPU, Probably in 5 - 7 years. (if AMD keep going Forward like they are Now). They Always Do. (with Refinements in the Fabrication Process) BTW: INTEL just Shat a BRICK!
Linus. Do you know whats faster than your segways to sponsors? My double click to jump over the sponsors and the intro haha
I have 2 cores
Imagine playing minecraft with this
Most expensive dry erase board ever.
It will be in the iFone 18.
Cripes, I thought my 5900X was ballin'
1:10 I loved that comparison.
But can it fold???
So much...so much...(ads)
Linus tech tips always finds the most entertaining way to advertise
HOOLY CRAP
16 gamers 1 CPU Linus: Hold my Beer!!
guys where can i find the stand that put the mobo and the gpu 2.53!! Many thanks!
Try miner xmr use xmrig！
If you want to find a home for that 3090 I would like to offer my services in taking one for the team as my case is large enough to handle it Linus LOL
The innate titanium subsequently hammer because windshield encouragingly match without a gigantic sofa. wanting, ahead revolver
But is it fast enough for windows 11?
As a Video editor, that smooth premiere pro makes me extremely jealous. I have a powerful PC and still cannot editing 8K footage in real-time like that.
3:06  RAM: ouch!
You mean "HOLY SHYT"
Ur looking like kane Williamson 😀
I want it !
Linus has the best job on the planet.... constant having fun with new tech. I'm so jealous!!!!!!!
haha fastest cpu, time to use it on minecraft
I'm wondering how much can you lower the fan noise with a large fan with lower spin and some funnels.
AMD destroying INtel in both budget and performance
ay linus can you make me a pc i want one but i am poor as heck  if you can that is. im 12
But can it run Crysis Remastered?
run ibik aster multipc in it and max it to the max...
Thank you AMD fan boy schill. More great reasons not to buy anything AMD.
Can't wait until AMD comes out with a crazy GPU too. We are witnessing the AMD takeover
AMAZING!!  I AM SOO NOT GOING TO BUY OR AFFORD ALL THIS STUFF FOR MYSELF AT ALL!!
Me here still running Win7..
Dang, we can finally encode 1080p AV1 video at 30 FPS
But can it run Flight Simulator? :) Err, I mean "Crysis." [Aww man, you took all the fun outta' the joke by actually playing Crysis. :P ]
Can I borrow you pc , nasa ?
I dont like this man, Everytime I get an upgrade. He just gets a better one. atleast give me a free pc since u have 300 of them
0:06 Why are threads always mentioned after cores? Every CPU has two threads per core so it seems redundant.
That hummer cummins swap knocked me off guard
I am waiting for "Beating world record 2"
show this video to intel so they do something nice
That sound of the server running sounded like what you'd hear if you ran up Chrome on a pre-M1 MacBook Pro.
Now I know who to call for my next ultimate gaming pc.
But can you build a system to play Jeopardy against IBM's Watson?
Threadripper has more  core and threads so which cpu is fater??  Can you make a difference between these 2 CPUs
Can it run windows 11?
if you need to overclock THIS  you better be working on some nasa shit
70 bucks for a fuckin pillow? Was the one who thought of the price extra stoned that day?
So trash
I was expecting a Crysis run... on CPU only
upgrade your minecraft server lol
The only thing faster than Linus' sponsor segway is me skipping forwards past it.
"size doesn't matter"  I wish that were true
why do i watch this.. i can't even afford it lol
M.2 toolless, they should all have that!!!   YES!
I love when you guys review server hardware XD Yeah it only runs at 2.5ghz :) I care about how many processes/tasks i can run in parallel over now fast the job will get done. But i do love this processor a lot and can't wait for more and more (affordable) processors to come out in the server space. I need to upgrade my VM server
70 bucks for a fucking pillow ?
I’m just sad that there’s not a 128 core yet. I’m waiting for the day we get to 512 or 1024 cores per cpu
3:19 Builds test system with $8000 "fastest cpu ever", doesn't bother to dust under test board. 1.3M people just seen all that dust bro
and here I am with a i5 3470...
You need to stop distro hopping ghosty and like me on puppy just stick to Void dude, bwhahahahahahahahahahahah
supermicro is the best
The last third of this video is just shouting - 10/10 datacenter simulation; would yell HWAT again.
Minecraft server on that server
Yes, Size doesn't matters, Performance matters my girl says😏
This CPU is so powerful it runs Windows with no lag!
finally some Epyc love
Do you remember how 1 GB of RAM was the borderline ascension of the Gods? I believe that a TB RAM stick is in development at this point, for these "servers" 6G Cloud Gaming is gonna allow you to download RAM as we know it...
Wow, Linus did a MrBeast Intro lmao
I would rather pay 8000$ for that CPU then your over priced 70$ pillow!!?!! What's in that pillow? A CPU?
I wonder if rich people will buy this as their kid's gaming pc
My Xbox 360 better
tornado siren cooling
It's OK, Intel will catch up.... oh... sorry, I just got the update... Intel's next server entries kicked back to next year... oof.  Good thing I'm an AMD shareholder...
Linus: it has 64 cores Me a minecraft player: *a stack of cores*
Try cyberpunk 2077 on it
That loud server at the end was EPYC. LOL When is that gaming video going to be released?
Will Windows 11 work on it?
another linus infomercial.   He must be making loads with these videos
Wow I don't need a GPU anymore
M1X is gonna be faster.
03:05 Epyc ram insertional fail!
Cool
Ok....but.....how many transcodes can it handle?
I can’t wait to have a pc with one of these in 8 years when they are 800 dollars
performance is always not enough to satisfy my greedy power hungry.
Absolutely insane
But can it run fight simulator 😆
protools could craSH THIS
PROJECT IDEA: AMD Epyc Server Render Farm in a box: How much productivity boost you get with Network Render Times. The benchmark: How much of a boost it adds to rendering an episode of LTT  versus not having it on the network.
Perhaps this could be a Folding@Home server. It could even run some of its own work units!
Hey que pasó con los subtítulos en español
The Fastest CPU on the Planet THAT CANT SUPPORT WINDOWS 11
Me with my i3😀
Sell a CPU pillow with actual needle sharp pins.
Fastest CPU on the planet is Harry Mack's brain. You should do a review.
the fastest CPU is a SCP
DO 8 GAMERS 2 CPUS !
Hummer with a Cummins swap....Linus I've wanted to do a 5 speed Cummins swap humvee swap for years now. I love the analogy.
But will it run Star Citizen?  Also, LTT should look at doing a review of pilots and drivers control setup, like wheels and pedals and HOTAS.
That beard though💯. Reminds me of the one I had when I was 12
Do they have MOBO for dual CPU? i need one to play RuneScape the old version, and ya sure it can be tweaked to get over 100k each? i need score of +200k to my rune.
This is a flagship GPU from 3 years ago. Now it costs eight THOUSAND dollars....
no one:  Linus: casually drawing on an $8000 cpu with a marker.
LMAO When Linus was playing Apex Legends at 144fps I was confused. The. he casually says, “at 4k.” HAHAHA THATS INSANE
Oh how nice it must be to get free parts from companies 😒
Actually, the fastest CPU ever is the one riding on NASA's Parker Solar Probe. Sunofabench R23 has it clocked at 244,255 mph 393,044 kph!
Minecraft server again with this one and see how many players it can hold
Holy shit, amazing cpu man! Wish I could build with such on my channel 😕
That's a cool CPU *cries in Phenom II x4 955 Black Edition*
But can it play DWARF FORTRESS!!
You could send one to me that would be a pretty fun project
HOLY FUCKING HOT DAMN AMD.... GPU PLZ. I WANT TO SEE MY CHARACTERS ON A MOLECULAR LEVEL!
i need it for school mom
why no drop test on this one!!
Me: I think imma upgrade my pc. Linus: "It costs $8000" Me: 🥲 nvm
Duramax swap
The old population hooghly rely because hood cytopathologically choke near a illegal grenade. auspicious, educated bit
Strategic cut away as Linus puts the ram in backwards. 3:05 LOL
a game that's needed to be tested ist GTA5.  i can only realize 130 Fps wqhd and like to see what this one can do.  Do i need that for gta?
10:15  my ps4 pro
Linus making a Segway to an add feels like a dad joke and after you just feel :|
Use +fps_max_unlimited command line in steam or origin to unlock framerate. For apex legends.
It's 8x 5800x's in one cpu. LOL.
but does he drop it, i needs to know!
I can't watch Linus anymore... it's like one big ad with crap nobody can afford or buy.
5:08 Casually drawing on an $8000 CPU.
windows per core licensing is awesome for these btw lol...  only reason we went intel when we bought our 100k servers.
That tower HSF: I am okay and this Is the best i can do but i need more fan
Can it run windows 11 though?
I think this was the ONLY segway Linus has ever done that actually made sense.
build a pc with this cpu and use 3090
Remote editing virtual machines with nomachine
Mining would be awesome on this machinr
Ayyy my name is wendell :^
Imagine a person buying it for playing 2d games *Absolute Madlad*
Even though the CPU costs 8k I still remember a few years ago where a 48 xeon core from Intel costs 20k a piece.
3:04
yes mom i need this for school projects
What if yo run 100 games at once?!
But can you cook an egg on it?
2:42 your math is wrong for the graphic.
But can it run Crysis...10 at a time? Most likely
Yikes, only for the noise of the fan I pass my turn.
Use these servers for rendering a scene with Terragen 4, you'll be able to max out the CPU and memory for hours ;-)
Intel lost the war officially...
Love the continued ripping on Dell and their warrantees.
Rich people getting something for their kid: thanks linus
How wil it run kixeye's worst optimized html5 browser game warcommander tho?  pleas try it ^^  my ryzen 9 9550 x  stuggles!
love it when you draw on the cpus.. you're scribbling all over $8000... awesome.  I keep hoping you'll drop it.  Oh the irreverence!
10 days later: THE FASTEST CPU INTEL I69 K420
Does anyone know the software he's using to see the CPU package power usage?
Why the hell does linus media group plays Driving games with a keyboard? -.-!
it won't get as hot as the churches being bunt in Canada by arsonists
put some of them fancy noctua fans in that server o.O
*_IT'S OVER 9000!_*
I was waiting how it runs Crysis only in CPU mode (software) also it would be cool to try it run with both of Epic CPUs
buys epyc, plays warzone at 1000fps
you give it to me friend
Google/nasa computer laughing at how weak the cpu is
can u run doom on cpu cores only?
The 64 core threadripper is faster right? wtf with the title
10:52 that's what she said
Try installing gta 5 on it... let's see how will it take 😂
Benchmarks show this 17 times better than mine in multi-core usage.
In truth honey is a load of shit, won't save you anything, and will just annoy you being there.
Mfs will buy this just to play league of legends
I'll finally be able to host a minecraft server with no lag, if any player says otherwise it's because their hardware is trash
Is this Computer able run games well? Yes of CORES!
4:15 Did linus drop the motherboard too? Look at those bent pins on the corner!!
I've got a rendering project I've been struggling to render for a friend. It's a 5min video, 4k. I've been rendering on the SheepIt community rendering farm for almost a year with 3 computers 24/7, I still have about 8 months of rendering to go before I will be even close to finishing!! I'd love to run this Blender job on that beast for a week!! :-D
me last night: man this pillow sucks I need a new one soon me now: I can wait 6 months it's no big deal
I just got my delivery of 4 of the previous 64core cpus for work and now im kinda sad haha
I ready this titel(The Fastest CPU on the Planet) and i thing for this day yes next day a this is the Fastest. XD
My CPU have only 8threads
Play Microsoft flight simulator 2020 @linus
Would love to see you guys play a big round Stellaris Multiplayer on that. With the Best Graphic Mods available and the Biggest Modded Galaxy Map. ^^
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
But does WIndows 11 support it? LOL
man u were fast with that segue
shut up and take my money  ! (did you get that reference ?)
two epyc 75F3
Did  he just draw in the $8k CPU with a marker?
Linus: This is the fastest CPU on the planet! NASA: hold my beer
Aliens: Pathetic.
Ps3s cell dominates
When you see him struggle with a memory module 3:07 Epic
In theory this processor wouldnt be very good at heavily automated audio production, but im curious about the cache and the low latency as a result of that! SO I would love to see this against say the i5-10600k comet 6 core. it has  a base clock of 4.1 and I dont think many DAWs use more than quad core
Why can't they just put a bigger L3cache in these cpus? Wouldn't that give a big boost for this many cores?
7nm is gonna be dinosaur tech in like 5 years, let that one sink in
This cpu is more expensive than my setup
however the CPU and GPU were bottleneck compared between Consumer PC's and Enterprise Servers.
Arma 3 should be wery cpu intense game
Bullshit. Can but beat my 2006 acer aspire s3 with 1.3gb of ram (as recent test) and an overclock temp of 93 degrees???
Man AMD is insane. They make amazing stuff.
Can you plz a do video of Chia Mad Max plotter with these two beasts of processors! Im plotting on a i9 10850k and 32gb ram,  and 1tb firecuba nmve, and getting around 1800secs prr plot average.. on a 5900x with 64 GB ram and 1tb firecuda nmve, im gettig around 1700ish seconds per plot! Courious to see what kind of plot times you can get with this setup with 128gb ramdisc as temp space and or 1tb 980 pro nmve!
How much does AMD pay you every year? Or is it by video?
The games segment took the most time, so this must mean its aimed towards gamers 😈
$8000! Easy I'll take your entire stock since I invested into doge coin 😂
can it run crysis ?
Still cant run minecraft at more than 24 chunks.
Redo the many gamers, one rig series, but put the server far away from the peripherals and wire it up using that new glass  fibre thunderbolt cable you showed us!
hmm were is a tech tips???
Pls run this CPU without any graphics card
Xeon Phi  7290 with 72 cores 288 threads  cost $926 ..the Amd bla bla bla ..
I'd like to see the speed of it rendering videos in Adobe Premiere Pro.
play crysis on it.      With CPU only rendering.
Misuse, I'm sorry, use it as a gpu. I mean it has lots of threads which each have a lot of power, soo looks like a perfectly fine gpu to me..
Make a Minecraft server with them!!!!!!! PLZ
Minecraft server test time
Hnnngh the car reference. Thank you
Costs more than my laptop, tablet and phone all together.
14 Gamers one cpu confirmed?
you couild actually run the cpu rendered version of crysis with that just fine
Cod players with 50+ kill streak: “It’s still not enough”
THIS CPU IS ON THE THE FASTEST PLANET
Try playing Beamng.Drive, it will test your CPU to the limit
Maybe... A Windows 11 BuildBot?
You can compensate the 90% of the lost Bitcoin mining hashes with this CPU power. 😜
$8000 fcuks wow
GMD Epyc Genoa Zen4 will have 96 cores this fall :)
Should have had those bmws crashing for a fender bender blender render.
WHY THE F* ARE U WRITING ON THE CPU
I want another Unraid OS gaming server setup... you're overdue...
can it run minecraft
His soul purpose is trash talking intel now lol. At least they have the resources to keep things in stock and aren't a huge hit which is good for me.
$70 for a pillow..   Are you having a fcking laugh?
Small correction. Fastest processor available for purchase.
People 20 years into the future watching this video: "My retinal implant has more processing power than this."
A little bit louder than my vacuum cleaner...
You can use them for cloud gaming
you guys need to watch how this guys builds a "new type cooling cooling system for a pc"   https://youtu.be/C3GKe7eXbPE
70$ pillow.. lmaooo
Imagine being able to afford a computer
This video was absolutely on point with everything! Video/Audio/Content!! loved it.
So many honey sponsos who do I choose
Try play roblox lag test using that server and how much point you will get
I don't understand half of the things he says but it is always fun to watch.
1:09 I never thought Linus would be talking about a Cummins swap or even know what that is. Maybe he got smoked out in the states somewhere and wondered what happened. I'm guessing that happened near Microcenter.
Will it run win11 ?
Linus, the M1 is the fastest CPU on the planet
I mean If you sell your kidney you can buy it so... rip my kidney
linus: a 64cores 128 threats cpu me with a 2 cores 1 threats cpu: 👁️👄👁️
You had asked towards the end of the video for ideas on what to run with the server......  How about SETI@home?  I'd love to see how many units you could cram into that beast at once, and how fast it would churn through them.
Stable 15.000 fps for minesweeper?
16:53 twss
$70 for a little pillow lmao
use this to 1v1 pros with bad computers
Cant wait for their 128 Cores
nice
8k dolars CPu then 4k for Gpu (500% MSRp) and there u go, very noice PC :D
Thumbs down for the muzzles
that noise tho
i have a 6 year old i3 laptop , go ahead feel jealous          of Linus that is while i go cry in a corner :(
Windows 12 requirement.
And Zen 4 Genoa will be 128 cores apparently
I think it'd be cool if you found out how recent of a game you can play without a GPU on something like this. see if a game from 1995 can run at 4k 60? or a game from 2016? see where it stops
what was that server called please the make model :)
Please do a quick 3 min video showing this beast with that one game that you had render completely on the CPU.
It's 2025 and the 97% of an LTT video is an ad for sponsored products or the LTT store
128 core Minecraft server. Lesgooooo
Please don't drop it, it would make me very sad.
64C 128T " Queen Lisa," ......    ..... " Blue, where are you,? "
Mi pobresa latinoamerica, exige todo lo antes visto jajaja
Basically a beast-of-a CPU XD
"size is not what matters performance is" That's what i tell my self everyday
the motherboard looks ass
I love looking at things I can't afford
3:07 im gonna die from this
lol apex is limited too 144fps got too unlock it
Yeah ok CPU's fast and all but who wears a wool cap in July?!?
this is not a civic! xD i bet he haven't been in a boosted k24 xD
watching this video on 2 core cpu
Finally, a cpu that's can cook my 100g wagyu beef
You guys should run all the editors machines on one EPYC cpu!! That would be impressive!
1:31 "you heard that, buddy?"
You should've tried Microsoft Flight Simulator on the highest quality to see if it would cripple it.
C A N    I T      R U N       C R Y S I S
The point is emulators
INTRO dude: Hey there bud😂😂
But can it run CHROME?
Crysis on hardware?
OOooh An 8 grand CPU. Let's delid it.
AMD: "Ok we'll send you our state of the art CPU, but whatever you do don't draw anything on it. "
I'm a simple man: I see Wendell, I hit "Like"
But can it run doom?
I'll take a dozen
this video will be funny in 10 years
theres an fps cap on apex legends u need to uncap u would def gotten more frames i get 170-180 with a 10850k, an 6800
Didn't you show this a year ago?
This is the reason i won't get a pc for gaming, i have a normal one, idk bout u but i dont wanna sell my organs and house for a pc.
how u can pay that?
mc chunks will render instantly with this lmao
1,234,567th!
Bro this is my PC build, even the noctua
If you wanna test the cpu spawn in 30 AI in beamng.
Should someone check that editor is alright?
you should talk with your friends over at liqid on how to set up composable infra structure for your lan center with 2 of these cpus.. you know becuase why not stack a bunch of servers in another room and then have some thinclients running something like moonlight for game streaming? especially now when gtx cards actually works in a virtual enviroment
My 8700K is Better in Games ....!!!!
16 gamers 1 CUP
This thing costs 4 times more than my intire setup!
*What do threads and cores do?*
Ting is very expensive compared to India I wish you had jio
Ima mug and after this
CRYENGINE FTW
But can it run Microsoft Flight Simulator?
"It's not about being good at the game, it's about having a good computer to run the game." The entire PC gaming hardware community summed up 😂
I need a new PC !!!!!!
project idea: set it up for mining but only using renuable energy.
Btw apex is locked at 144 unless u change the launch options and above 190 the game is aperently terrible
You know what else is fast? They way I skip your segue to your sponsor 🤣🤣
These have to be the ugliest coolers on the planet
Get with Peter Stripol and see if you can use that server on full to make an aircraft fly!
This linus dude always makes me think he is secretly gay XD
Did anyone else notice the pins that's bent on the bottom right of the motherboard?
download gta5 with fstest possible internet like u did in your previous video
My name is Dookie man
Imagine in like 10 years from now we will say hahaha what were we saying this is too slow we have quantum computers now
úristen, very big
i think using that cpu to do A.I training is a good test XD
He seriously needs to revisit the 16k set up know that 8K is around
it is so big because it is 7 nanomile !
h*ly shi* he spent $8000 which is= ksh800000  in my country
THIS CPU IS ON THE THE FASTEST PLANET
…how well does it mine Monero?
How many developers are utilizing 8 cores and threads in games or applications? I have a gen 2 i5 which works beautifully with any modern game with my GPU. don't buy into these new cpus, they wont be utilized properly for years.
Hey Dear  You can become flash  ⚡ Bcs have Fastest CUP. 😜.
Got alot going on under the woolcap?
you buy these hardware for gaming? man either you have a very big business or your mommy and daddy are super rich. these monster rigs are for productivity uses.
How come the only people who say that size doesn't matter are guys with less than 5inch core count
Quantum computer is like “hold my quantum state drive”
Once you try something more powerful than your day-to-day device, you always think it is very slow. Personal experience
Sounds like a regular PS4 😅😅
This looks like Saitama's performance test 😂😂
linus in 3090 be like : THIS IS THE FASTEST COMPUTER EVER MADE IT HAS RTX9090 WITH AMD GRP IT COST US 800K TO BUILD  me cant even afford a 500$ pc be like : bruh
Gaijin needs a few of these server builds
Mans got nasa pc
LN2 time
9:00  linus: that's okay, it's not about being good at the game. it's about having a good computer to run a game. me talking to my i3 4150 + gtx 750 ti + 4gb's single channel of ddr3 ram: it's okay my darlin. he doesn't say that seriously.
Can it run windows 11 tho 🤔
Wtf is that cooler? How the f you use 270 Watts with this? I have similar cooler but with 2 fans on an i5-11600K and at 160 Watts it thermal throttles.
People in 2034: Heh, P a t h e t i c
Exponentially Powerful Ye'ol Chip
@Linus Tech Tips: Please redo the _We play Crysis just on the CPU_ with this bad boy :D
Idk but anyone else been waiting to get 3080 for a year
Want to see that thing -runbing- running msfs2020 (after July 27th update)
take off the mask clowns
why not 69 for the meams
why didnt use an invidia quadro?
chia plotting on 4TB of ram disk
How about a Citrix session count test?
Fastest retail chip maybe. Not the fastest CPU in the world. And then there is performance - in terms of data throughput.
intel trashed
i wouldnt want to be intel rn
64 cores and mans complaining about it being big hahaha
Use this as your next pfSense box
poor civic :(
1:35 that's what I said to her
hey my brother help me building my pc i just tell him this hey put the gpc and the ram and it works...........
Please, Linus' staff, memefy that Micheal Jackson scream at 7:58! That would be the dopest! Cheers!
gg
USE BOTH CPUs TOGETHER AND OVERCLOCK THEM TO   7 GHz or more and cool them using nitrogen gas and then play games at 16K using dual RTX 3090. LET'S SEE HOW MUCH PROGRESS HUMANS HAVE MADE.   MAKE A KING OF GODS OF THE GAMING WORLD.
Looks like I need this, as I have brought my first pc to it's knees (single core) upgraded to AMD Phenom II x6 1090T (still working) and currently using a quadcore laptop. All had trouble with throttling when I started the anti-virus scanning, moving 4TB of data from a 6TB drive to another 6TB drive, while having 4 games open, maxed settings on 4 different computer screens using some technique and while listening to music. :-) Unless I need to change my work schedule anno 2021.
first time i ever used someone’s sponsorship link and i’m happy it was a linus affiliate link. I bought 2 ting sim card the ultimate pro:)
I never heard anyone say it so I’m gonna say it… THATS WHAT SHE SAID
A kid saying to other kid : we have two of them! Ya!!!!
$8000? *dies of jealousy*
360 49" multi display - that should make it sweat. so complete circle of curved 49" monitors for a display... More graphics than CPU but still a fun project.
1:35 damn
"This Suprim-X 3090 is so hilarious, it's so big we've never even tried to integrate it in an actual build"  I just started feeling completely hilarious :-/ ;-)  For anyone using this card (and likely any 3090): it generates so much heat that the tempered glass side panel hits 50°C when running under full load for sustained amount of time, and as such pushes the top M.2 to 57°C and the bottom to 52°C. The extra hdd which also sits lower than the GPU also hits 50°C, which is partially associated with hot air flowing over it from the AIO.
Linus sex tips - " Size not important , performance is what matters "
Linus: *holding an amd epyc* This is an 8000$ cpu! Me: Oh that's cool! Also me looking at my pc with an amd fx-6100/nvidia gt 710: *dies internally*
That's because intel is based in the United States so it's more expensive to manufacture them and cpus arnt expensive to manufacture its the time and labor going Into  engineering it thats expensive it's probably only 3 20-40$ to make the top if the line cpu but they know people need them so they can upcharge them and my old core 2 quad got a score of 3 million on r23 a glitch but still higher than amd!
It's over 9000 !!!! ... ... Oh that's weak XD
how about a test of how many players can be inside a minecraft instance at the same time?
Lol  No its not
My Computer can barley run 1080p lol (maybe 1440p at 20-28fps)
You already what dem nasa pc’s be having
Really Incredible CPU
It's so fast you can say is EPYC!
Pentium E5500 without graphics,  32mb vram 1gb ram G41MXE Watching this, knowing I'll never have it. Feels Good.
Can you produce music on it ? :D
How about 8k gaming on this mother???!!!
Now imagine it was an ARM instead of a CISC processor.  😉
Might wanna manifest something Intel before you end up as irrelevant as the Christian belief system!
Give up the fkn mask dude. Enough with virtue signaling
An $8000 piece of hardware... handle it like it were a ¢1 biscuit, carelessly flailing it around... and then throw pillows at the direction of the motherboard where it's being installed (which itself probably costs thousands, I would surmise). Because, you know, you have the money to spare. Who cares if a careless accident causes 10 thousand dollars worth of hardware to smash onto the floor, requiring you to purchase replacements and delaying a video? Pfft, it's not like the hardware is expensive of something.
If I become member, will you sell me a graphics card?
bruh play gaming station sounds dope !
3:07 is he installing the ram the wrong way around XD
why still use win 10 and the win11 preview is out  ,,, with pc like this
Reason for it to be so big: straight up surface area for thermals
yeah, but can it open chrome?
Watercool the Shit out of these systems maybe ? :D
I just love the way a test bench looks i wanna just build my next pc on a test bench and just have a piece of acrylic floating in top for dust tgat settles from on top
the cpu world is better with a Wendell  heck I would name the next 5nm cpu after him
I have a suggestion, let me train my neural network on that server and I will data ANALYSIS your business helping you in what ever you want
So Amd Is Just Way Better Than Intel!?
Still I am faster at skipping your sponsors 😂
Doesnt even come close to my 1800x 🙄
Viewer giveaway, to me, 😈
Hey Linus why not check out the Largest CPU on the planet from this company https://cerebras.net/
Those ting prices make me shudder, I pay 23€ for unlimited everything no shoelaces tied fast 4G
1:34   Linus, you accidentally unveiled your size today hahahaha
Linus: It costs $8000 Also Linus: *draws on $8000 cpu*
Where is the 32 gamers, 1 server video :( THAT's what we wanna see how many gamers on a dual socket server with those processors in and several 3090's......
Game just on cpu power
I have a few points for you:  1.  This is not the fastest CPU on the planet.  This is the fastest *production* CPU on the planet.  There are processors faster than this that aren't available to buy. 2.  I can't wait for these to hit the street so that I can get used Rome chips cheap. 3.  What changed that enabled you to use all cores for Blender? 4.  How many cores/threads were in use while you were scrubbing that timeline at full quality? 5.  Heavily multi-core games.  Anno 1800?  Exactly how multi-thread can it actually go, considering it's usually CPU bound.  Is Civilization VI still CPU bound these days? 6.  How many cores/threads were in use during the F1 2020 run? 7.  How would it be to game on the dual-CPU box?
Lemi compile Linux
Not getting any cheaper!
Try to run games on the CPU only
9:50 linus.exe has stopped working
That Graphics Card is so big, it is the size of a car supercharger.  It shouldn't be called a card anymore in that sense.
"Size, not important, performance is what matters"  You heard it right girls.
Honey is nice. Recommend!
wouldn t a  new 6000 series Radeon run better with the system ? Or do I get something wrong x.x
I love to see.. if it can handle star citizen game without lagging or blurry..
Re-export ALL of your videos with those processors and see how long it takes 😅
u want me to make that quad 6900xt 8k 300fps GODLIKE pc
"a surprising 19% uplift in IPC ... thats almost 20% faster" Linus with the big tech info.
I love how Linus makes out that AMD asking $8k for a processor is alot.... Intel's 28 core Xeon Platinum costs around 3x as much and has less than half the cores, in reality because most server vendors (HPE, Dell, Lenovo etc...) are desperate for end users to buy AMD chips to fund further R&D for future models of AMD rack servers as its only been the last generation of Epyc cpus that enterprises customers have really been sure about buying (prior to this AMD based servers were relegated to non-system critical servers as little trust was placed on AMD chips) as AMD for years haven't had a remotely competative offering to Intel's Xeon lines, however even for single server solutions proper end users would be approaching distributors directly and working with them to pay around half that supposed $8k price tag. (Source : me working in IT distribution for 10 years and designing and selling server solutions with these vendors and chips)
Please use test the CPU in Houdini.
Would be interested to know which GPU could match these CPUs in a GPU accelerated workload.
fastest single threaded performance would be more exciting
Fastest CPU? Have you heard of Cerebras WSE 2? 850,000 Cores, 220 petabits/s, 7nm process...
That feeling you get when you turn the RAM the wrong way @03:06
size doesn't matter, eh?  Can't make butter with a toothpick.
Total nutter
Can you do a tech quickie video about TPM - you know the new Windows 11 feature?
How to win a benchmark
Watching you play a racing game with a keyboard hurts my soul...
Actually its not fastest cpu, its fastest cpu which is sold to publlic. They have way better cpus on amd development. Also quantum cpus are also developing
5:07 Excuse me if im rude but CAN YOU STOP DRAWING ON THE CPU?? WTF!!
i love all your vides Linus, thank you for always make me smile
just imagine what 2030 will bring
Know what else is fast? Me pressing the right arrow 2x once we begin the segue.
If Intel was McQueen for quite some time, AMD Ryzen is now Jackson Storm. But is Apple Silicon Cruz Ramirez?
I've used honey for about a year, and never once got a single working promo code.
*Laughs in complex CAD*
Can it run minecraft with 128 chunks RTX on. At 8K.
I wanted one CPU I will give you money
$8k , wonder if it's worth buying this or upgrade once very 2 years for the next 2500 years.
Okey but how run it run Crysis total whitout gpu? (I know you made it before whit diff cpu)
How well would it have ran csgo you think!?!
Try to render Crysis 1 with the two Epyc CPUs? Like you did before 😀😏👌🏻
It costs more than everything i ever owned thats not a joke
now get your hands on that 32tb gpu looking storage that this cpu can utilize together... to play 8k games on a 3090 :)
made in malaysia:>
11:49 Here are some ideas: FiveM free/paid hosting, Minecraft free/paid hosting, Rust free/paid hosting, RageMP free/paid hosting, Website free hosting.
it's not about being good at the game, it's about having a good computer to run the game.... this had me dying :- D
16 gamers 1 CPU???
No wonder you didnt use the msi card, its just to unstable to be used as a daly It even crashed on camera 9:50
When a cpu costs more than your net worth.
Linus: intel u suck Intel: no problem we'll give u money  for intel tech upgrade
What am I even watching ??!
apex legends was at 144 fps because it has a max cap of 144 fps launch it with '+fps_max 0' or '+fps_max unlimited' to remove frame cap.
Here i am with my APU A4 with 2cores and 1.6ghz max clocks =D
Can it run beamng on ultra tho
cerebras systems wants to chat about the claim of the fastest cpu
GPU pillows please, I can't afford a real one
1:36 that's what she said haha
"naturally, our next order of business is to play videogames on it!" thats exactly why I subscribed to you Linus all those years ago <3
Please make a video about force ip binding. It is a really needed feature if you have multiple network connections
Yep,  Make another minecraft server
Amazing Cpu
LinusDropTips: Special Edition
Your the best
Like run 64 Crysis 3 at same time?
Have a factorio servers on it and 500-1000 players and let's see if it can bring to its knees...
test multiple people playing vr on 1 pc
casually writing on a $8k cpu...
I wonder how many planes fly over LTT and complain about the noise of the fans 😅.
run factorio
play 100 GTA thats it
I will buy 1 to play  Mincraft 😒.They are truly epic but man that will cost over 150k here.That's the price of some new cars :D.Here i sit with my dual xeon 12c/24t and look at it with doubt 😁
I love how he’s so happy
I want one.
Thanks for 1000 subscriber  Love you all ❤️❤️💖
A stack of cores
New Minecraft server?
If you are gonna ship epyc merch you should put tem in vacume bags
Next project: fastest upload ever
Tommy GO Off this video ur not meant for this.
I thought my 5800x is good holy
can i play roblox?
Build a gaming PC with those 2 CPUs in like Corsair 1000D case and full custom water loop. 👀
I wanna see this bad boy Watercooled ^^
and still manage to lose at fornite
Linus's way of explanation is nice
Simulate our galaxy colliding with Andromeda!
Ln2 cool it (OR YOU CANT DO THAT) 🙃
I propose that the price for the cpu pillows should be 69.69$
Go, hug your editor
Mine Crypto with it
Nobody talking about the pillow for 69.99? A little bit expensive in my opinion.
Even linus hates Windows 11 XD
I was not expecting that secret shopper clip
"64 cores" Meanwhile my pc still having a 2 cores
Plz make water cooled enthoo elite with 2 rtx a6000 plz make it
Use that cup and run 10 games at ones
Well.... 60 gamers 1 CPU?
This is not the fastest... cmon.. you know that you don't wanna drop the 655$ mil pc with 75k cores..
and playing rust with everthing turned down to 0?
is a 460 good? my friends say it is like 10 years old?
Iisus sama.. how do I say this.. Is a little painfull to see a CPU thats 4 times as expensive as an entire sistem I could just maybe afford 😅
Can you make a video about the thirst industriall ever made CPU and test it pls
Where is the 5990x?
10:21 TOGA 10:33 V1 10:34 Rotate 10:36 Positive rate, Gear up
mom i need this cpu so i wont lag during a zoom meeting
Buys this processor Plays roblox
Video idea: try to cook chicken with a custom heatsink on one of those
Tech geeks be like:   Linus: 91.000 in 12 seconds  Jake: That's WEAK   I was dying xD
There is enough for everyone's need but not for everyone's greed.  This costs lives, this relies on (wage) slavery and poverty.  Capitalism has no conscience.
10:21 gaming laptop
a million emulated minecraft worlds at the same time
I'm not getting tired of Linus getting hit in the face with pillows to promote merch.
You should make the ultra server - Use virtualisation to make a server thats:  * Windows Terminal Server * Xpenology NAS * Render Farm * Plex Server * Minecraft Server * Every version of Windows from XP to 11 * Fedora Linux * Streaming Server  One server thats every single server and OS all at the same time.
Can you check intsa Linus I texted you
8:47 Why don’t you guys test Control (remedy game) as a benchmark? It a very demanding game
Me and Linus are so similar everytime we hold something people start getting anxiety attacks
Check out the new office Frisbee
I want one to play Skyrim on. It'll just work.
10:25 shit that's pretty loud, you should ask Major Hardware to make it louder
They should have ran Minecraft with that beast and see how fast everything loads
can it run GTA vice city?
Hey! Excuse me, isn't this LTT? Unless you overclock this to a minimum of 4Ghz on all cores with some extreme cooling solution... then I'm not impressed... ;)
I want to play "bad apple" on these cpus
Marker on the CPU...uhhh...   *Door closing sound*
Alt title/summary: intel succs, amd rocks.
Linus is most probably the reason why this cpu is at the 0.0000000001% mark on Steam's hardware survey.
do guys think u can build me a  pc my 'pc" is 10 years old
ME WITH 2 CORES AND 2 THREADS CPU: *hmm interesting*
sick
I liked using the large heat spreader as a white board. 👍👍
AMD to AMD: hold my beer, bucko.
This probably isn't the absolute fastest cpu out there.
Can this run the video editing apps what Indian soap opera editors use?
I thought my 3700x was fast.
Petition to add foam on the floor whenever Linus holds something that special 😭
"this 3090 is so big, we've never even tried to incorporate it into a build" Yeah tell me about it it was a pain in the ass to get that thing into my build. But at least it comes with an extra mouse pad...
but can it cook an egg?
1:31 it's also implements when your on the bed doing the "Thing"
Google​just publish the 200x processor beat the super pc,
Next up: making a PC inside an AMD 450watt PSU
I'll take 20
I'd love to see performance of this thing if it was used as a CPU renderer. Like using LLVMPIPE to run games with Proton. That would be sick.
lol $8000 cpu and linus starts drawing on it...
Go away with that AMD shizzle Intel all the way!
11:50, try verus coin hashrate in the dual setup.
dual cpu socket with epyc
Welcome to a rare episode of,  *Should I buy a 8000$ epyc chip or just build a PC with a rtx 3090*
This makes me scream without the s
Time to sell my kidney
God it gets old you pimping shit constantly through your videos. If i want your junk merch I know where to get it, I dont need your adverts 5 or so times through each video.
Stop vacuuming while video tech flexing, PLEASE! 😂
But can it run crysis?
Time to see how well it runs crysis without gpu
The thing is supply availability 😳😳😳
But....will it run Windows 11?🤔
Holy $HIT
I buy this in 10Years for 50$ from ebay
i thought i watched this 3 years ago
Linus @ 9:42 "Ahhh...im broken". Also Linus @ 9:42 "Plays on a 8000.- Bucks costing CPU with an RTX Suprim he confessed to never used it before.  Me watching this Video...with an i5 6600k and a Geforce 960 2Gb..."Dude, im playing Death Stranding in 720p and the Game still mocks me every start about how potatoe my specs are."
Ideas for using these bad boys: Scientific research maybe?
Is that $8,000 Canadian? That’s like $5,000US. LOL
5:04 This processor is awesome. It's also big enough to be a whiteboard for presentations! XD
Go for a Minecraft server. The revenge !
I want to watch this, but it is Linus Tech Tips...
CPU so big Linus uses it as a white board
I miss the days when linus stupid facial expressions weren't on the thumbnail
did he just draw on a processor :/
I've been working with AMD Epyc and oh boi do you have to be careful where you allocate data on such architectures. Intel is less subject to memory contention so you ultimately could get more performance on CPU-bound application
live the f1 track of Melbourne's Albert Park Lake recognised it instantly go melbs love Melbourne
I want an Intel CPU because I use Format Factory extensively to compress video and it can utilize built in QSV compression for h.264 and h.265. There are other optimizations with AMD chips that are similar, that they've also added to that freeware but it's just I've seen an i3 laptop and an i7 NUC crush it with video compression. Has Linus ever looked into that, or is it something that gets exploited with one of the tests they like to run?
Why does the intro look like it's one of those annoying Facebook videos made to get clicks. It's throwing me off.
he should rename his channel to linusflextips.
@8:47 that part was cut because i'm pretty sure Linus told his editors to keep dreaming before wanting to get this 8000$ dollar CPU each xd
Lets say kids want to learn to code or maybe teaching some graphic design class. How many work stations could run off that. Like 128 people typing word on there own machines?
Drops the CPU during the segway.
1:35 yah size is not importantant, It only matters in performance
That CPU setup will consume so much power that just powering it up will empty your pockets for money
Linus every other day:this is the most powerful thing ever...well actually no it's not   Linus on some days:its the best period.
that CPU costs just about as much as 4 months of rent for my family....
I love that the random Wendell sound bites are still used 😂
USE WATERCOOLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Size not important, performance matters - Linus
That's a big chip
Omg jesus I have a potato pc lmao
All it needs 5 extra cores to be the nice CPU on the planet 🌚
3:06 lmao ram was wrong way
i can make that faster, by playing on 2x speed
Thank you, thank you, thank you! For blocking that distracting door window!  And that Epic was Epic
@linus. Try to hack bitcoin encryption
Finally linus smile makes me happy ❤
i actually dont understand shit. all i know its fast
Cooler reminds me of my old scythe mugen 3. That thing was monstrous. Might even be slightly smaller lol.
Wendell the MVP
Can you send me one of those system?
im work with vray but poor man ... just wanna say... hol*F*** that fast
1 core 64 gamers
i heard temps in canada are at 46 (120f) degrees and this guy is wearing a beanie...!
judge me by size do you?
00:05:22 they are called MEGS?
So what you did by putting yourself on OnlyFans and seeing this on my bank statement nearly caused me to file for divorce from my husband. That is NOT something to joke about. It’s disgusting and I really hope you make better choices from now on. That is not an April Fools Joke. It’s sick and could ruin marriages. THINK BEFORE YOU DO CRAP LIKE THAT.
You should try how fast it can train a deep neural network, XGBoost, or LightGBM models without GPU
Please do not put swear words in your video titles, even censored. Thank you.
if i had the money, that's the thing i'd be using.
You can use on the project "Get me a ballin' PC". Themks
How can linus wear a winter cap in this heat wave?
Two sponsors?
1:36 Caught in 12k  Him almost dropping the ram but being all slick about it off camera
Linus, for the past month ive been building my first pc, and ive run into multiple problems, ive had to spend way over my budget buying new parts after finding out some they werent compatible, and ive even had to buy a new case, im finaly really happy with how it turned out, but im just now finding out that ryzen cpus require graphics cards, and that theres a shortage.. i really just want to be done, im already past my return windows too. I was hoping youd know where of if i could buy a gpu from you for msrp thats under 200$ scince thats all i have left and youd probaly know whats the best bang for my buck.
Epic
Linus, you should test BeamNG.Drive for a CPU stress test in gaming
and then win 11 comes along and limits the amount of cpu's you can have installed
Does anyone know where to get Linus's t-shirt? Or is it a future LTT one?
IT'S JUST SOO QUIET GUYS!!!
Two sponsors one video
Ryzen 5 3600: "I can handle rtx 3090" Roy Keane : "That's your job"
Mas ele é bom no que é destinado?
Project idea, SkyNet.. hear me out..
Linus: buys a 8000 dollar cpu Also linus: wont buy a 30 bucks whiteboard so he draws on the cpu
Who else thinks Wendell and Anthony should do a segment geeking out about stuff?? Best Universe Cross - Over Ever!!!
Linus Tips:-Drag your sharpie on a $8000 CPU to demonstrate its functioning..
wtf 😂
The people that dislike this video are intel fan boys.
I gotta see you simulate a black hole or exploding sun on those. THAT would be one heck of a video
linus Casually writing on an $8k Cpu
Linus is really horny in this one
128core
Yes mom I need a this for nuclear calculations.
Your wrong zen 2and3  to make that
Gotta love that mandatory "optional" Dell warranty!  xD
Linus is the greatest of all time in tech YouTube, Like if you agree!
Finally a CPU that nobody has to ask 'But, can it run......?'
overclock these 2 cpus with watercooling
Can IceGiant's ProSiphon Elite elite be used on this CPU?
Slow
i heard it was so fast it broke the sound barrier
Please, show htop of system with 2 this processors!
This is the worst monolog I have heard in my life. I love it!
This guy sounds great :D I trust Him!
ues it run a minecraft server than try to crash it
Hi Linus, I think you could use this computation power to finally answer the question that has plagued mankind since our inception: "what is the meaning of life?".
I can picture my tiny Ryzen 5 3600 swinging its arms in the air ready to fight while sitting next to that giant CPU.
Test performance by exploding 1 million TNTs in Minecraft
Steam has a fps counter too
"Size does not matter, performance matters" -Linus Sebastian
crypto mine
Linus has the costliest whiteboard ever (8000$) in his hands 😂 5:09
Future project home media encoding to HEVC! i purely want to see 4K blu rays ripped to plex and see if they stream at just as great of quality!
Made In Malaysia
Can't watch. No captioning. Please consider adding captioning to the videos for the benefit of those of us in the Deaf and hard-of-hearing community. Thanks.
no one who watched this video is buying one
Man  leave INTEL alone , I genuinly feel sorry for Intel.
Can it run crysis remasterd😑
But will it run Windows 11?
4:57 this looks like loading wtf
Run a Minecraft server on it!
Size does not matter. Performance matters. Looks like Linus was thrashed the previous night.
Lan center yes using only the server stuff, who cares about power usage
2 and 3 seen video
Rpcs3 intensifies.
61,000!!!!! Holy holy poop
Ah yes a new episode of linus white noise to put on while i fall asleep
Love that it's bigger than Linus' hand
1:17 "why do they have to make them so big" that what she said.    Bruh
This CPU costs more than my dang whole computer rig lol
HOOOLEYYYYYY!!!!!!
Man this cummins diesel reference really had me. I couldn’t have put that any better
Me too man me too
cool cpu, a small glimpse of cpus in the future.
Заставка уже меся как мылит(
Hi Linus, real talk to connect with all the zoomers: what is the cheapest, absolut cheapest way to build your own Minecraft server? Can you abuse a raspberry pi? Maybe the 64bit version? If you mod Minecraft, does it still hold? Is there another cheap(est) Minecraft server option to build your own? As you know. Minecraft has been the social gathering platform in the pandemic. Time to catch up!
Man, what are Intel smoking
slowest cpu when using excel
300 watt for just one CPU... So with only 4 of these I should be able to reach 1.21 Gigawatt build my own flux capacitor to make time travel possible. I should let future me tell me if it worked... Update: either it didn't work or a my future self is an asshole!
>could maintain socket layout for the more sensitive epyc  Couldn't for Tr4. Amd forever lost a chunk of respect for that scam
“Size not important, performance is where it matters” - thats what she said
Run something crazy with no GPU. Just the CPU.
This cpu is so powerful that it could maybe act as a gpu
So what you are saying Is that Monster Hunter world: iceborne runs at 60fps on It during fights?
20 years ago i thought a AMD Athlon 1000 was a big cpu and they would only get smaller and smaller, but i now see the future is huge cpus. i guess its only logical , as we use the pins under to connect to a  mainboard, and they can only get so small before it becomes fragile. so i predict in 2050 a cpu will be as big as a dinner plate.
1:35 *THAT'S WHAT I SAID*
Bro I am still confused if to choose amd or intel
I want to see you guys Bottleneck the Epyc
6:06
trash....look at me im a pixar renderer.........TRASH
Hi Linus I'm a big fan from the Philippines I'm a fan since 2019 Can I have a Gaming PC My birthday is coming this July 21 I'm turning 16 I hope you can read this🥺
and this cpu consumes almost the same power as a 11900K
128 gamers 1 cpu
Naturally.... We need to CPU "Bottleneck" (or at least attempt to) this thing.
All that power yet it won't support windows 12😂😂
You could use it to cook a steak
make the most powerful setup and run warzone, apex, fortnite, battlefield5, dcs at the same time and see what they are truly made of.
That sounded a lot more like a duramax than a cummins, unless someone swapped the ISV5.0 into the hummer...
98000 - meanwhile my 6800k gets like 3000 🥲😅😭😭😭
And I own an i5 560m Arrandale cpu! He edits 8K! I can't event watch 1080p videos without tearing! I mean I need a loaded gun right now!
Seeing this makes me wonder how Intel is planning to stay in business.. there is not a single point favoring them other than software optimization for Intel hardware.
in tears omg
Let Corridor Crew give you their heaviest project and see how it stacks up in VFX production.
69 dollars for pillow . Noice
Can we get threadripper pillow cases? Shape is better suited for this than normal cpus. Then I can go sleepy bye byes on 64 cores 👍
Still not new enough to run Windows 11...
Its reasonable to get this for minecraft.
That EPYC is EPIC
ngl, I mostly come for Linus' segway to our sponsor! Honey!
Mining monero lol
German TV shows News about the heat in British Columbia. Hope you're all well. Wish you the best
The beautiful clutch aerobically tip because cub pharmacokinetically close qua a mature silk. penitent, hysterical taste
When the bottleneck of your gaming rig is the RTX 3090 ...
Make video on tpm 1.2 to 2.0 and my motherboard not having the tpm slot
That Mr.Beast intro tho
I just replaced my 2 core CPU with a 6 core one, and it is friken *epic!*
Put Vega ii on That board.
How about use it to build a perfect PC for highest resolution of minecraft?
that server can be used as an eairplane engine lol
WTF are those controls on F1 2020?
Amd actually cares about consumers
Can it run STAR CITIZEN
do you really need to overclock a CPU that scores 66,000 on CineBench
8000$ just for one cpu Me: woah that is even expensive than my life
I need a new god damn computer, because the prebuilt I got under a weak ago it just breaks and can’t be user anymore
Dude ur Gpu looks like a 2070 super
AMD has already smoked Intel, and now Nvidia is next, I'm scared
what is your deal with civics ? ;)
I would love to see that CPU being water cooled with a custom loop :D
Wasn't the fastest a quantum computer that linus bought?
Cinebench r23 in 12 seconds. Epyc is a quickie.
1:35 Size Doesn’t matter baby!!!😏😎😎
you should try to render 3ds max vray animation on those EPYCs
Therapist: Dell's Financing and Warranty can't hurt you...  2:56
Fastest CPU on the planet until next weeks LTT fastest CPU on the planet video featuring another EPYC CPU.
quantum cpus: exist linus: the amd EPYC 7763 is the fastest cpu on the planet.
This is what a rich men do when he got less than 100fps while using shaders.
Everyone is talking about Crysis 3, but forget about GTA IV
Hey!
They got 2, Linus dropped one, and drew on the other...
Linus: You know what else is fast? GPU Shopping bots. 😭
So what u r saying is I should w8 3 yrs and buy it on eBay for 100
Do I sense a X gamers, 2 CPU's video coming soon?
Where is the water-cooled ps5. This has been getting teased since January!?!?!?!
UserCPUbenchmarks: Well a dual core cpu from 6 years ago is still 11% better than this tho.
can it run roblox?
AMD delivered once again as promised…
1:36 Size doesn't matter, performance matters  That's what she never said.
Finally Cyberpunk got 60 fps
Sling the chia mad max plotter on there and see if you can break the world record for a chia plot time
God damn those fans are loud. It's like trying to tell my Google Home to stop playing music except it's not playing at any decently loud volume and it still can't hear me when I yell at it.
Need this cpu for my mini-itx build.
Idea: Linus Media Group Render Farming
as a project, you could build a server with containerized os as sessions for running heavy physics simulation and giving it to a local engineering university / college which might not have the mean to provide that to the students~ a way to show how tech can turn around ^^
Monero Mining
gawd damn that thing was loud
So Intel Xeon Platinum 8156 should be the complete opposite to Epyc in the same price range?
Curious about what is Wendel's day job that enables him to access such cutting edge tech?
2:26 "More Giga hertz" Thank you for your contribution to mass ignorance.
Those fans colors look like a communist Czechoslovakian drill from 1987.
Can you tell me what pc I should get that is 1,800 or lower
re compile all of debian they need it 😂
Run your own gameservers on it!
Why do I watch these videos? I'm dirt broke and I am just so jealous once I finish watching the video.
Bruh he didnt play minecraft
Dude just jumping around with $8000 CPU in hand.... meanwhile I cant stop shaking handling my 3600x..
Your video editor is broke man. Pay him more.
Why didn't they make this cpu with base clock 3,6 ghz? 2,45...
emu ps3, switch
Honey is garbage and so is anyone promoting it
How you can test this monster CPU on Windows only!? Please provide Linux tests! (and Linux games too ;))  Kernel build speed it's very important.
Are they powerful enough for software rendering games without a GPU ?
But can it run Flight Simulator 2020 at 60FPS?
watercool it bro
I’ve yet to watch it, but does he drop it like that other expensive CPU that one time?
WHAT?!
And they want you to know their nessage over those fans XD
good for gamers
And they want you to know their nessage over those fans XD
Linus, put it down on the table, calm down, control yourself, then tell us how much it costs. Slowly.
Gotta try the new cycles x in blender for benchmarks it’s got 7x cpu performance
You are always taking about comparison to intel and how AMD is faster for cheap. But If I want to build a PC for under $1200 USD I still think It would be better to go with Intel. If I'm wrong, correct me. But If I'm right, at least acknowledge this in your videos.
But can it run Crysis?
do open minecraft again
The server at full load sounds like a friggin' banshee... 😱
The more i learn aboit cpu the harder it is to undrrstand gpu
Idea for virtual gaming app: Tribes2
As someone who works in a data center, I can safely say that is actually quite a quiet server 🤣
3:07 Linus actually put the ram in the wrong way around lol 😂
Stop with these winter's hats already. You guys look so dumb wearing hats especially winters like this one inside home!! Here in Europe we've so much laugh from you but is now way too far.. it's stupid. Seriously.
Can it run Crysis ?
Linus is the definition of smart s the new cool !!!
With big size comes better performance..lol
"Size is not important. Performance, is what matter"  I feel much better about myself
Running them on LN2!! Extreme overclocking boyzz.
quarter million needed ? what is this some alpaca wool level ?
Do some benchmarks with TensorFlow on it.
That waver has a higher value than some cars.
This talk about amd being cheaper in every sku needs to end. It's only like that in certain regions. Almost all other regions are so over priced its insane. Look at their low end, 150-250 more for arguably the same performance on a cheaper Intel part.
Some rich guy is going to buy it for a Plex server
lmao its multi-core score is like 50 times more than my cpu
"size does not matter, performance does" - linus 2021
Build me a pc set i dont have one
Do Overclock with Liquid Nitrogen Cooling.
Linus: size doesn't matters, performance does  Me in the corner : *giggles* "that's what she said" 🤣🙊😂😂
Watching Cinebench finish that fast is Epyc lol
No one could read the numbers on the Cinebench screen
Whilst your down there? Cheeky boy
I'm convinced that linus taught his kids how to draw with CPUs.
I'm eagerly waiting for threadripper 5 and DDR5 to upgrade! :D
LTT: umm yah just casually drawing on 8000$ cpu 5:32
slowest cpu
Fun fact, the most expensive PC build is still cheaper than RED cameras.
No thx
$70 for a pillow? F*** off.
Hey linus if u have a few of these (even older ones ) you could start a cloud gaming service ..
Linus: “FASTEST CPU!” “NOTHING CAN BEST IT!” Star Citizen: Best I can do is 57fps
show as how can wee make mony with that hardware!
Bitcoin mining?
Me, wait for my already purchase AMD TR 3970X with custom built computer on one hand vs now seeing this.... O.O
1:32 ... That's what she said
Yeah size is not important. Keep telling that yourself Linus
I thought my grandmother decided to vacuum my room
Size is important Linus-wifey
i have an Epyc 7742 totally love it
Hey Linus, could you make a gaming PC that can play star citizen in 8K?    With 60 frames… at area 18
Whyyyy
Cpu or Nice Used Car?
Please play game only on cpu, no gpu attached, we wanna see performance
Threadripper pillow cases for normal pillows!
How in the world did he get this CPU
this gets 61.000 while my daily build gets 2900 points on cinebench. 3770 and 1060
hey linus can i get a gpu since i bought my pc in 2021 and it does not have a good gpu it has a z490 gaming x mother board, 10600k i5, 16 gb ram and a cv 650 and a gt 710 so like the people u gave a 3060 can i also get a graphic card. if u dont believe me u can dm on insta gram and i can dm my pc pictures to u hope u see this dude, i will be happy even if i get a 4gb or 6gb gpu samudra_sombody- insta
Blender is more compatible with Linux.
I enjoyed the "banana for scale" on that cpu pillow
Already have some of 7763 CPUs since May 2021... They are pretty fast :)
I have a badly written python program that compute underwater acoustic propagation that would use the hell out if this machine !
Me using a laptop and still watching this 👀
2:59 that curry flavored accent tech sales got me LMFAO
Linus: We for one welcome our AMD overlords
Who buys them in 1000 unit packs,...?  AWS.
Just build the strongest computer ever with Dual Epycs and Dual 3090s and around 2TB of RAM. That’ll be a killer project imo
I can crash this PC with roblox if u want me
Minecraft Server?
Linus saying "Size, not important.  Performance, is what matters" and  controlling his smile, just made my day.
10:16 Jakeyyyy ma boifriend~~~😘😘😘
No one is gonna answer. But is there a bios update for the r7425 for this cpu? All documents just say 1st gen epyc
Imagine overclocking and 8k CPU!! 😳🤡
"Size not important, performance is what matters" .  Some of you know what that quote can refer to. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
legend use 2gb ram , intel i3 5th.gen without gpu
sorry cant run windows 11
i have never seen linus this excited.
Have you guys checked out the wraith ripper cooler from amd which was for threadripper processors
What's this gaming nonsense, you've just found Taran's new editing rig! :D
Can we use this thing for protein folder and space radio signal analysis? :(
Video Idea: "Playing Ultimate Frisbee with the Fastest CPU on the Planet"
Just a bit faster and cpus will be able to render an environment live at like 30fps. Just thinking about terminator over here lol.
"THIS IS THE FASTEST **multi-core/threaded workload** CPU IN THE WORLD!" ...not that it matter to most of us who value single-core performance overall, I love LTT but I despise clickbait.
Dont say the Lords name in vein
Linux is as happy as a kid with his new shiny TOY, when was I last so happy last thinking... maybe when I could play Crysis
Can we please all say a HUGE tank you to Level1tech? He deserves alot more than that but still. What a dude 🙌
"Size never matters" I changed my mind
10:22 where the 'Fun' Begins !
water cooled
"Not made for gaming? WHO CARES!" Lov u Linus ahah
kid you forgot to mention that  this epyc only supports up to 4TB ram instead this xeon supports up to 12TB ram. so .....
You should benchmark it with Ray-Traced Minecraft.
daisy chain 2 of them
Can this cpu run minecraft with shaders with 2048x texture at 150+ fps
You should make it a gaming rig running 10 monitors at 1080p (of course different people using different monitor) and make the cpu sit on its knees and that's a cool video and you can also make it 2k kr 4k (8k nah) love from india
We’re drivin drivin? Lando Norris anyone?
Wan Beanie!!!
I would like to see you guys crack password hashes on that thing lol
we need more of the dark theme intro, it blesses my eyes
Again lol
Intel: *Meow* We have the fastest and best CPU! *Meow* AMD: *HellDogGrowling* *DeepDevilLaugh*
Hey.. the gpu fan is no spinning!!!!!
But can it run Crisis on CPU?
9:44 Hololive fans right now..
Hey Linus #dropthecpuchallenge
not only does this cpu have 62 more cores than mine, it also boost 1.3ghz higher...
I'm no gamer, but was that Albert Park in the F1?
1:37 that's not what she said!!
We need the EPYC test: *Running MS Flight Sim on the EPYC, at 4k and 8k, on a RTX 3090*
A hummer with a cummings' swap eh?...
Try 8K Gaming with this one!
I would like to see what happens if we bring all 64 cores to 5GHz plus, ..... but nobody wants to experience a second Chernobyl !! 👀😲😱😱😂🤣😂👍😎🍺🍺
huummm intersting
Damn he missed the segway. Should've been "You know what else is fast? How quickly Honey saves you money"
Wow. Just years ago, we used to oc our amd chips just to get on par performance with intel and today, here we are amd vs amd.
Zen 4 will have 128 cores 😌
Can you check out the hone pc optimization discord, from what I know it is an easy way to increase your systems performance, though I know nothing about the validity, safety and security of it, could you review it yourself and give us your opinion on these kind of system optimizations?
One word: unraid.
people dying from heat in bc... linus.... "i think ill wear my toque its cold in here"
Literally everyone wishing they could have these things 🙂😔
But can it run Path of Exile at 4K 144fps?
I would do anything at all for a box with two of these, 4tb of ram, a crap ton of optane pcie 4.0 storage and nvme pcie 4.0 storage,  a pair of rtx a6000s, and 200gbe nic. Oh and tons of 16tb sas ssds. It would just be insane. It could do anything. I could hack the universe itself.
I'm getting the hang of his intros to his sponsors now
How many virtual machines can it run?
BUT... is it faster than my 2MHz Intel 8080?  ;)
thats a cute little cpu you got there
Linus - "You know what else is fast....." Me - "The way I skip your segway to your sponsor" 😂😂
So... When will we see an "EYPC" gaming laptop?
Go all in on part 3 of the 1 machine, multiple gamers. They were a hit but a crucial detail wasn't quite possible, a 1 socket configuration. We gotta see if it can be done.
Video idea: Build a gaming pc of equipment from the deeepest of the darkest web
9:30 Accurate depiction of Bottas' pace in 2021
I dreamed about running an entire house off of one CPU with multi GPUs and running since server 2003. The tech was not quite ready. Windows 7 rollout and WinFX I thought for sure... and hexa cores being commonplace (high end common) .. Alright!! Now.. computer? I just hope my latency between my 5G and wifi dont futz with my toon blast... getting old sucks
Can I has Sarah.?
finally something that can run a minecraft server
Use it for Minecraft!
You guys could start a Rendering server with it I am a Pc craze man who owns just one crappy 7th gen i3 notebook, least performance in this world It can't even run a basic game like minecraft, and pac man.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I need that CPU to use Microsoft Word
You should use Space Engineer, it's so freaking CPU usage
Finally we will be getting another one cpu multiple gamers video
6:10 61000? that's double my 5950x!!! that's it? thought it goes to 100k + at least O_O
Linus in f1 2020 *doesn't open drs*
Oh boy apex at 144 in 4k high holy shit
I have mastered the art of only skipping the sponsor
hi
Should have tried cyberpunk
Everybody Gangsta   *Until M2 Mac Pro Obliterates AMD Epyc*
Can it run minecraft with Ray tracing
First time I've seen where the gpu is the bottleneck
I need that cpu
why the masks?
👍👍👍
Tech guys 🤝🏾 car guys                   Linus
But can it run star citizen at 100 fps+?
That moment when the cpu is so big you can use it as a whiteboard lol
My Ryzen 9 3900X looks pretty old now
Too bad you can't run that cinebench test on an E980.  They have 192 cores / 1536 threads running at 4GHz... can't compare to x86 clocks though because it's RISC ppc64
wow and for less than half a  xeon
Imagine that chip with the 3D cache and another 20% performance increase.
Can it mine Crypto ?
You guys should use rust as a benchmark game
yes!! i can finally run solitaire with this!!
rip intel..
I want this now
I thought they would go like now we have cs go running at a 1000 fps
Linus literally just wrote on an $8000 CPU with... a dollar sharpie? Thats classic linus for ya
Play VR with them
Over 10 years this one will be considered a low end CPU.
Hey guys. I'd like to see a home based setup using one PC to run multiple PC's around a home. How cheap could you get the clients? How to run them with lowest latency? Scalable performance.
I think my laptop fan is louder?
Imagine these benchmarks with 2 cpus
*NGL the way linus segways are getting faster and faster*
i think the amd thiddripper have the same size as that
Why don't you guys set it up play a multiplayer(i.e. CS: go) game as many as you can? It'll be a test worthy of it's capabilities.
Can you mine with them?  Lol
Now I know why they called this processor EPYC.
seeing linus happy makes me happy.
HONEY HONEY HONEY Mr Beast:HONEY! Linus:HONEY!!!!    next Pewdiepie:HONEY!!!!!!
minecraft server
Can't wait to need this to run Chromium in 5 years.
That really sounds like a fighter jet preparing for takeoff...
Can you split out a thunderbolt line to each station for many gamers? That way it could handle GPU, display, and USB all at the desk with the CPU elsewhere. Or stuff the GPUs in the chassis and use thunderbolt for just display and USB.
Hey Linus do you have any spare ddr4 ram I really need it for gaming, thank you.
Drop test?
If you ever wonder; "How can this pos pwn my face in BFV when i'm running a 3080"??  It's because he's at work using one of these.
lnius sxe tips
Please do an undervolt/overclock. There is a lot to be learned using consumer techniques on enterprise products. They could save a lot of money and reduce emissions.
give me gpu
You didn't even run crysis on software rendering. Disappointed
Please give me pc please I love to play games in pc so please give me please and I also want to make a youtube channel so please give me please
only 8000 $ wow
The fastest CPU, the slowest CPU, nobody cares anymore Linus.
this makes my 5950x seem like a child's toy
Can I have pls
I am a fan of virtualization and I would like to see another one Master Server and many virtualized computers. How about make it remote this time due to COVID? Virtualized PCs is nasty for these days.
That’s good and all, bUt cAn iT rUn DoOm?!??
Imagine this: "1:08 yep, that's my boss car"
wait wait but can it run crysis.
I need a gpu :/
Linus whatever you do, just don’t drop the babe on your hand!
*sounds of an jet engine in the background* *Linus screening into the mic, ears beginning to bleed:* TING MOBILE SPONSORED TODAYS VIDEO, AND THEY WANT YOU TO HEAR THEIR MESSAAAAAAGE!
But can it run CS Go though?
Oh boy! I always get excited at a new episode of HOLY $H!T and any reference to Wendel
hey linus plz can u make a video on sandboxie in windows
That's What She Said!!! 1:25
Yeah but how many fabfilter x16 oversampling can it run? XD
Apex is capped at 144 but you can remove it
make a small pc with epyc and 3090 small and quite :  idea :)
So excited am I the only one?
I can smell the bottleneck from here
Was this filmed on a boat or drunk camera guy ???
9:44 whoever edited this... is this a cry for help?
Gotta see this running UE5 with shitloads of ultra-high poly stuffs
11:51 I have an idea!!! why don't you use that workstation and overload it with the new game cyber punk 2077!!!!
Wow so it is 6lakh to India😨
lol u amd
I want the CPU holders
It's cache is more than my vram
I'm still running a 1920X threadripper... It's not really great at any one thing, but it's pretty okay at doing basically anything. Strangely my GTX 1080 is the bottleneck though when gaming.
Day 103 of thanking linus for the daily uploads
I don't understand, how is the maximum speed is Up to 3.5GHz and this is the fastest CPU while there are CPUs that are more than 3.5GHz !! Thanks
Yo play Minecraft on that.
You can  folding at home
But that hummer definitely sounded to be duramax swapped…
Best GPU Pls
Just WOOOW ❤️🤭❤️
Since you made a gold controller you should dip that cpu in gold and make a gold chain out of it since you wanna flex on us like that
Try CPU crypto mining?
How much FPS u get 😐
Anyone knows the music name? it is really cool
MSFS please!
but how will it mine randomx? lol
10:24 some people say it sounds like a jet spooling up, and I hear that, but once it gets to max RPM it sounds like straight cut gears in a racecar
Here's a really cool project. See if you can ship it to me along with a few matching parts of equivalent performance.
Laughs in Cerebras Wafer Scale Engine.
I used to drive that F1 Circuit every day to work... It looks better in the game lol. :P
now try and play star citizen on it!
Can you build a pc with the epyc cpu and an 6900 xt? And is it possible to set rage mode and smart acces memory on ?
Can you do cloud 8k video gaming with this computer ?
4k 144fps, in 10 years may this be the standard
bro linus help me i wanted to buy a good caming lapotop but didnt knew what to buy and bought a shit with athlon3050u 4gb ram 1tb hdd no graphic plz help
So it will run crysis?
I'd love to see rendering a game directly on the CPU, like you did back in time with a double socket something, can't remember exactly which
Crazy to think compagnies can throw $8M while half could fuel you whole life
500k likes tribute for grandpa john
If someone's wondering why F1 easily takes advantage of multi threading, you can give one core to each AI
Guys I watched the video and the CPU didn't run anywhere smh.
Will it run Windows 11?
Inserting Wendell saying "Hey" will never get old to me
Me watching this on core 2 duo PC Hmmm 🤔 intresting
Play one of the last major 2D-based multiplayer video games like Quake and virtualize it all except for the monitors etc and have 30 people playing at the same time.
My PC is the same, at least in terms of fan noise 😅
i love watching tech news even tho i can't afford it
Anybody else freak out when Linus started drawing on the CPU? Hopefully it's not permanent :D
The Next Day - This Video Is Sponsored By INTEL
Now its time to the Gpu to bottleneck cpu 😆
Linus... hmm..Fastest you say? Have you heard about Quantum Computers...
Hey!
I've been watching Intel vs AMD since, uhmm pentium 3-4 days, and I can remember when AMD baught ATi.. I remember thinking, "wow, that's smart!"   mMy point is Linus,  how do you factor in, how many people have flip flopped, from each company.... Trading chip design, ideas?? Are they taking turn?
LTT Plex Share incoming?
Bruh moment
I remember feeling that way when i got my dual Pentium Pros back in the day and 64megs of ram, whoo hoo !
Giveaway this😢I need this for my server❤️
How much is it to put together a server like that? Looks like it would smoke the $32000 Mac Pro
Obvious Amd win, everybody should buy these if they are smart
Calculate the end of the universe, might take a couple of seconds, but that thing can to it /s
AMD: Here's an $8000 CPU Linus: *Writes on it with a sharpie*
it mines 12 bitcoin an hour .
Heat your bath water with a CPU and or GPU
it coin minning mite be better for this chip
F1!!!
I wonder how long before we can buy one as i love to have 2 myself .,
9:48 thought he said the N-word for a second
How quickly can it render a LTT video?
merch idea: make GPU body pillow
trying to match the enthusiasm linus is radiating      And *AMD* for that im'ma need one of those cpu's
Why weren’t the fans running on the gpu?
my pc fans when playing minecraft  goes so stupid
machine spinning so fast that it went 0 - 100 in .003 second
It's funny how the cpu is able to run apex legends at 120~ fps 4k And I am watching this video at 360p 30fps
I"ve tried Honey and haven't found any usable promo codes. Am I doing something wrong?? I tried removing it and it seems to work better
When you can finish benchmarks in 1 continuous clip while you explain the benchmark 😩🤯🤯😱
the future of a cyber cafe?
Will your EPYC powered PC run Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020?
ltt gaming channel when
AMD YES!
You can heat half a city block with that server.
Title couldve been holy shyt
Fuck that thing is nuts
Do companies usually upgrade CPUs in servers without replacing the whole thing..?
1:35 thats what she said
3:04 LINUS LOOK AT THE RAM WHEN U PUT IT IN ! you scaring me
Test it with FS 2020 as it is heavily CPU bound. Not sure of it can make use of all the cores but they are still ZEN 3 cores so it should still muster pretty well.
sometimes I just want to break in to linus' wearhouse.
Crysis 3 likely can run much higher, there's some type of bug for some people where they're limited to very low GPU usage unless they enable Low Latency Mode set to Ultra in Nvidia drivers.
does it run windows 11? probably not 😛
bouta buy amd just to spite em
Me looking at my 3900X machine: "You disgust me..." haha
5990X will be the most OP, extreme, destroyer of hope shit to ever release...
Fuck the cpu pillow, I need a linus waifu body pillow
But can it run crisis?
What's the name of the software he uses to monitor de CPU temp and speed?
*World's fastest CPU* Cerebras WSE-2: "Am I a joke to you?"
Can"t wait for this to be 3/4 gen old, so i can buy a server for cheap ^^"
1:14 dont take out of context
Wheres the jet plane? Lol
Folding at home at night and virtualize gaming machines at day
Casually doodles on an $8,000 CPU
i really like to see a AMD 64 core performance with.... Excel that should be a premier!
What machine on 10:15 ?
2:59 Nightmare fuel. Outsourced customer service.
They are getting so much mileage out of that Wendell clip and I am here for it!
Does it meet Windows 11 system requirements to run natively?  🤣🤣🤣🤣
Linus bro  I really miss the old times When you used to make videos out in the open nature MAYBE YOU COULD MAKE THE NEXT BUILD WHILE HAVING A BARBECUE PARTY AT THE SIDE WITH YOUR ENTIRE TEAM
Size… not important. Performance is what matters. Is that what your wife told you Linus?
So what does $8000 translate to kidneys?
I just love your happiness and excitement!
Linus has so much money that he is not writing on paper but writing on an Threadripper.
But can it run Minecraft?
But can you game on it
Should have done the CPU renderer with the 128 cores
Linus: fastest cpu on the planet  Crisis: finally a worthy opponent
3:02 When she says  "Yes"
How many folding@home points would that thing get in one day?
If Intel had no competition, they would sell something similar 30k, 10 years later
1:35 Thats what I wish she said😔
I have a 4 core cpu lol
we've got 2 of these proc's on order, going to pair well with our lenovo P620s and threadripper pro 3995wx boxes :)
However you look at it the jet sound fits the machine though.
At this point  would actually give 2 arms and a leg for a pc upgrade
Why don't GPU manufacturer team up with their motherboard division and create integrated GPU/Motherboard Combos like they do in laptops. It would add a few hundred dollars but would be useless to almost all large crypto mining operations. and $300 more for a 3080ti sounds a lot better than 2.5 times the price.
3:05 Look at the RAM when you install it kids
*amd threadripper & 11th gen core intel left the chat*
aww you didn't run crisis off of it this time :(
Haha ram didnt go in haha
"this is pretty quite"  *proceeds to be a 747*
Can ya mail me a GPU, I’m sure ya have like 90 extra ones. 😬
Linus is out here playing apex at 4k 144fps and my pc at low settings 1080p can't even manage 120 stable 🤣
Did he just wrote lines with a marker on an 8K $ CPU
yep go ahead and draw on an $8000 cpu. i wanna cry
3:49 I can't for my life understand why they don't exist on every motherboard! The cost max 50 cent ffs!
5:00 So you're saying AMD could've kept X399 with 3rd Gen Threadripper if people didn't mind PCIe 3.0?  LOL!.  :)
Sadly not supported by Windows 11. Fortunately, Linux exists.  (Not salty, just an obligatory joke.)
144fps 4K 🤯
I have konkur in 2 hours and the only thing keeping me calm is a linus video  Thanks linus!  P.s: wish me luck
So is this a loaner or did Wendell seriously hook y'all up?
AMD: Intel, we have waited very patiently and give you plenty of time, do you have anything? Anything at all? No? Ok it starting to be really boring but let beat our self once again.
please play minecraft with max settings with that
MAKE A PILLOW CASE
Who did the conversion for 200=$7.9M usd and $200=8.1M USD?
"EPYC" Threadripper pillows!
I can't unsee a tiny mustache on your forehead
Has anyone ever told jake that he looks like blond Markiplier? Or is that just me?
128 minecraft servers
Linus, Apex Legends maxes out at 144 fps unless you disable anti-aliasing. So, if it was running 144 constantly you were probably able to output 200+ fps. Just an fyi for the future.
Linus!!!! How do I appeal to a discord ban on your server?
i watch these type video with so much interest even though I can't even afford to change my 2gb ram smartphone
How quickly does it pay for itself with mining on that with all those PCIE lanes?
ഇപ്പോഴും പെൺകുട്ടിയും കൂറ വെച്ചിട്ട് റെൻഡർ ചെയ്യുന്ന ആരെങ്കിലുമുണ്ടോ
RE Video in the past. zz
3:03 turn that around u linus 🙄
I cant afford that, why am i watching?
കൊള്ളാലോ സാധനം
I can't believe you compared it to a piece of shit modern Hummer.
Can you use that CPU for gaming without GPU?
"The Cummins swapped CPU"
I feel like cinbench is old news, need to start trying to cpu render crysis.
I absolutely freaked out when Linus started drawing on the CPU 🤢🤢
I bet Wendle could do a great Seth Rogen impression
lets se your studio using photogrammetry. just take a LOT of pictures ;)
Sigh.. can it run crysis?
Not only is Linus fast at making segways, but he's also fast at making his fanbase scared of him dropping a computer part
Gather all your viewers on a Minetest server hosted on that CPU lol (and possibly break the world record for maximum number of simultaneous players on the same game)
Theres a reason they have two of 'em.. "Linus Drops things"
use that server , to stream 200 games at the same time
Such an unneeded video.  Why not put out some videos that actually help people build/use their computers that are actually attainable?
32 Gamers 1 Computer LOL please
Collab with skrillex and make the worlds best music production computer 🎶
Everyone : WE NEED GPU! Me : why no captions???
Fastest GPU on the planet! Runs cyberpunk 77 at 15fps.
Linus : this cost $8000  My wallet & bank account making sad noises 😢. Why Linus has not done downloading test 🤔  is fast cpu increase time in downloading 🤔
Mine crypto with it!! Try Verus coin out.
Use it like someone, who does not work in a server department and has access to such compute-power. Maybe you can run unraid: windows and some linux distro in combination to one or more small (game)-servers. Would be nice to have one machine, which is able to combine several tasks&workloads
you think that's amazing, wait till you get your hands on 2x EPYC Bergamo 128core 5nm cpus..
Out of all people... Linus makes a Hummer Cummins swap reference.
Run logic or pro tools to its max tracks with as many possible plug-ins as it can take. Musicians (computer needs too) like me will have a celebration watching it.
Welcome to another episode of "My PC is better than yours"
Build me a computer with this thing! Please!
And I thought 16-32 core cpus were freaking overkill. This is just insanity now. 😨😨😨
Linus, I dare you to give one of the babies away to me 👀💥
Where is Microsoft flight  simulator ?
i think size will matter. i dont think they will keep getting away with a small form factor if they want to keep pushing the envelope for faster and better performance
So how does this compare to the 'M2' chips.
Dude do the lan center on 16 virtual machines! Cost break down of all components. I'll never need or afford it I'm just interested in that.
crysis 1
1:10 That's a military HumVEE not cheap GMC crap get the name right. the HumMER was named after the HumVEE for crying out loud.
To the Future people watching this... Yeah it may be extremely slow to you, but this is what we were working with!
Use it to run 10 instances of machine learning bots for CS:GO learning off each other and make an AI that can destroy all of the pros.
Will buy this one on next 5 years when the price dropped at 500$
6 in a row
I gave $25 for this CPU.
But the most expensive CPU on the planet IS STILL Intel, regardless of anything.
Why did linus seem so wholesome this video?
I REALLY WANNA SEE A VM GAMING BUILD BASED OFF OF THIS!
I know im an AMD fanboy but even if you're an Intel fanboy, This is INCREDIBLE!
Too hyper for me to watch
But will it run windows 11?
When are we going to reach a limit in gpus and cpus, where we dont need any more fps tho? Like more than 360hz is NOT needed WHATSOEVER. So when we reach that point of it being normal to have 200 fps on most games, what will happen?
Don't worry, licensing experts will slow you down... way down. Unless you're smart ... Amazing that hardware got cheaper than software.
I was waiting for the Crysis Software renderer. Maybe even gaming on Lavapipe.
I need this for mine craft
Size doesn't matter, that's what she said
I wanted to see them run Crysis completely off the CPU again, like with last gen.
Side project idea.... Leaf Blower!
But how long does it take to emerge qtwebengine?
is it me or does it feel like i've already seen this before
Oh God!! A GeForce, an Epyc CPU deserves a Quadro
What I really feel like AMD is doing to get their CPUs so fast, is sacrificing longevity. I have a feeling those amd chips will only last a couple of years
Mans draws on a $8,000 CPU like its a whiteboard
Let’s goooeee, just pushing the algorithm, minecraft, that’s all I know, maybe tik tok?
boring
1:35 I hate my mind :(
I've been watching ltt for over 6 or more years and I will never get sick of his transitions to his sponsors... ever.
"Size doesn't matter, Performance is what matters"   - Linus
for new gaming lair?
10:53 That's what she said
Use the CPU as GPU? Probably a horrible idea, but kinda curious
Is it just me or is the GPU fans not spinning on the RTX?
Ha that server makes my Vega 64 sounds quiet by comparison never thought id say that about anything.
didja hear that? the wet thump of intel getting kicked in the balls? yeah... very satisfying sound
It's good for league of Legends and fortnite??
3:05 R.I.P Ram Stick
Next project: what's inside of this CPU
Make it quiet please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Size not important, preformance is what matters. Linus Tech Tips 2021!
Idea: How about a Multibody (3 body) Planetary orbital simulation with extreme precision while rendering the 3d simulation simultaneously? This including all the asteroids too.
The kindly conifer willy shiver because period gully allow for a protective field. hissing, lush susan
the only thingy which pissed me off here was that you didnt use Alt + F4 to shut it down..
HE IS DRAWING ON AN $8000 CPU WITH A MARKER!!!!? AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
WHAT!!
quit wearing the masks...
When I was a kid I imagined what if some one created a credit card size CPU would it be a dodecacore but yup its more than I expected😊
You should try Cycles X
just 15% of what this cpu costs can give a middle class household a PC they'll cherish for years to come
Could you do a cheapest hundred plus FPS build for us?
Linus: Do you know what's fast, the segway to my sponsor Me: Do you know what's fast? Me skipping your sponsor😆
Is nobody else cringing super hard when he starts drawing on an $8000 cpu at 5:00? Because wtf Linus
Why didn’t he do Rocket League???
Ah yes. Me, the general consumer must buy 1,000 CPUs that cost $8,000 for my PC that obviously requires that much power.
3D mark cpu test that bad boy hit the top spot
Maybe do a homelab 5 gamers 1 server build?
How about Chia Farming as a project? I would love to see how fast it can make a K32 plot.
what about MS flight simulator ? alt 4k with ultra settings?
This is the best YouTube on the planet
*cries in i7 2600k*
Linus: Buys 8000$ CPU Also him: This is a nice whiteboard :)
Yes that server CPU was good at gameing cuz you put a 3090 in with it any CPU is going to running good if you put a insanely op GPU in it
Run an insane photogrammetry routine on meshroom. That should yield impressive results as the CPU bound part of the process does use all cores.
Damn that's chunky
My i3 processor have 4cores and 8 threads ...  And seen tiny compare to it...
1:09 LTT store truck nuts when?
linus : get fastest PC he can buy. me : get fastest PC i can buy. *sad noise
Linus: I've got a 8k dollar cpu, lets run f1 2020 also Linus: keyboard controls ftw
This Might be the only he did a fast sponsor and quick
Sounds like you were mining
Crysis 3 replaced Crysis as my initial CPU gaming bench.
Ok so all I need is $20,000 to get good FPS got it
Great to see Wendell is friends with Linus, Started watching him a while ago
I was wondering what the best first gaming laptop would be under 1.5 thousand  (I’m looking around for a laptop or 2-1 that I could use for computer gaming)
But - can it play Crysis?
I want to know how many points per day they get on Folding@home.
This was a sassy video...I like it >. <
Open an internet cafe, and run all virtual machines from a server ;)
rip monitization Xd
They actually have two in case Linus drops one
We should start using that warranty clip every time anyone mentions a warranty anywhere.
but its not over 9000 so who cares
I know everything you said in the *beginning mean¿*
You can use it to heat up the room
Holy.
The amount of shade Linus throws at manufacturers is directly proportional to LTT's adsense and Merch revenue. At this rate, I'd give it six months before Linus goes to a gun range and makes a colander out of an Intel logo...
I want to see that server full to the brim with RTX 3090 Suprim X’s and that cpu hashing a bunch of different passwords  Do like  MD5 Sha256 Sha512 AES256  And see if it can guess any of them
New episode of holy $h|t !
whoa! that's a fast segue. have you ever thought of benchmarking that bad boy?
Intel: This is fine.jpg
You guys should use the servers for the best minecraft sever ever with towny plugins and all like the bast old school plugins or even a TEKKIT server that would be amazing
Just use this and never worry about CPU bottleneck for life 🤣
Yes u can game on an EPYC server when u rockn a freakn 3090!!!  Toss a 1080ti or something more normal and let us see the fps
My cat tap this video
But can it run crysis?
Why do I get the feeling that these (or their Threadripper counterparts) are going to be very popular with places like animation studios that do a lot of heavy 3D rendering? (or is that stuff all done with GPU compute these days?)
Runs processor, causes wide spread heatwave in Canada
Dude has a 8000 cpu and swings it around like a toy XD
But can it run minecraft
Could you use it as a GPU and use its cores to render a game?
Extreme machine learning rig pls
Yeah but will it run on windows 11?  Ah well....
Who wants to see an overclock? Because I do :D
Bro you got 2?
id love to see how fast this runs in Hashcat
Have you seen that „breasing PC“ jet? You shouled find and watch it and make your own version of it with your tools. It is amaizing!
One day.. I'll have enough money to buy AMD... Ryzen 5.
To think on day something like this will be a mainstream cpu… 🤯!!!
Linus Casually drawing on $8000 worth of CPU:  Me: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Can u guys plz help me with a gtx 760 saying in the manager Microsoft stopped this adapter error code 43 and it wont run any game plz help i cant afford to buy a new one iam just enjoying my time with this 760 and iam totally satisfied with it i just want a repair
Can you find aliens with it?
Just him holding it, and saying it’s $8000, gives me an anxiety attack.
Don’t start giving out Monero miners any ideas
But can it run No Man's Sky?
Hey Linus, can I have one of your gaming PCs because I can't afford it?
All you need is 2 cores
64 CORES!!?? I THOUGHT 8 WAS A LOT!!
A mobile version for your LAN party.  Hey Folks!  I'll run the sever!
lol.
PLEASE put these on the minecraft server
nowhere near the fastest.  cerebras makes the fastest CPU.  it has ~1000 cores.
Some rich asshole is gonna see this and say, “Yeah, that’s what I need for gaming.”
Minecraft server with hundreds of mods
HAHAHAH WArranty
I know its a dry erase marker, but I was still kinda scared.
Start mining CPU based Crypto.
Was here
donate me a 3090 and  ill give you a cookie
Did Level 1 give you a tasty orange soda to complement that CPU!?
Linus, I would love to see software rendering on dual Milan vs a 3080. It could be hilarious if the value proposition of the GPUs is actually worse than that of the CPU.
we need gpu not cpu !!!!!!!!!
Linux we need a RTX body pillow next.
ITS WHISPER QUIET!
So what's the use case for something like this? Having a thousand of them as a high performance computing cluster? Or just general sever work? Seems overkill for that. Or is it for industrial graphic rendering?
you should bench a total war game with a ton of troops that shld use some cores
AMD EPYC more like *AMD EPIC*
I know that he did not just diss the Civic...
I, too, broke when Linus started playing a racing game with keyboard controls.
don't they have a 128 core version?
Spend 3k on a cpu or a 3090 hmm maybe I'll just get me a server
what a beast
what a beast
I can't wait to watch this video in 2034 and laugh at the idea of anyone paying 8 grand for something with less processing power than the Dollar Store novelty I bought my grandkid just to shut him up so I could troll 17chan in peace.
and i thought my r5 1600 af was incredible
Use it for Folding at Home... that would be super duper helpful
"Yeah we've got one"
anyone else nervous when he holds stuff
What if put 1tb ram on old graphic card?
Can you guys add things like compiling chrome or the linux kernel or other open source software to your bench mark? software engineers watch to, and things like i mentioned are some of the things we do on a daily.  PS: Linus segue's are getting even more impresive
Does it got a built in gpu tho
This MrBeast ass intro
i would like to click on the mousepad and its not sold out for 5 mounts .....
Yeah im playing xo on my 8k cpu no big deal
9:56 Here's the timestamp for those who are asking "But can it run Crysis?" Even if that question was just a meme, they actually went there.
Anyone that buys a CPU with this many processing cores will be using it for everything but gaming
Vulgar display of (processing) power
So is that 8k price scalped price or msrp.
70$ for a pillow..
LINUS if you are going to quote Yoda then say it right! Size matters not!
Use them indual cpu set up
Could you not have a high-pitch fan audibly running for a whole minute during a 12-minute video?
1:25 will you call it the Threadcount-er?
it would be great if you benchmarked it with Vray and corona renders
Hey Linus I'll give you $20 for the one that you drew on
Linus :- Who cares when you can game on this  *Me looking at my bank balance😔
Sub zero water cooling please
How's it going?
2017: 4 gamers 1 cpu 2019: 8 gamers 1 cpu struggle 2021: Casually doing 16 gamers 1 cpu
Wwwoooowww  finally a processor which cost equals to two gaming rigs or two sports bike🤯🤯🤯😂😂
Now imagine a more like a cube-shaped CPU  in 50 years with 5 EPYC layers inside.
"we have two of them" one because linus probably already dropped one
For crysis 3 it has a frame cap at around 60 fps which has a workaround to enable full performance. All you need is to go to Nvidia control panel, set vsync to "fast" and then set maximum fps at 1000 and hit apply. After that go back to the game disable vsync and restart the game. This game should run at well well over a 100 fps on a 3090 considering my rtx 3060 ti gets me an average of about 140 fps on 1080p ultra details
AMD, You've come such a long way baby
Now imagine this + linux.
LOL seeing Wendell popping in on the bump is amazing
This is great for playing Beamng with full traffic. I want to see the gameplay with threadripper/epyc
You know what else is fast,,, double tap in the screen
Saying Intel Optane as an advantage when the last fab is litteraly being shut down which mean Intel won't be able to sell this product anymore 🧐
I started watching all youtube videos at 2x speed, saving lots of time.
7:58 Micheal Jackson!
my 2 threads crying.
Can finally run Star Citizen at a stable 60fps 😂
how many cores i need to answer this simple question " why am i born in such a pathetic place and time?"
I'm just wondering if we could buy that in ebay for a cheaper price. :)
HEY LINUS my pc blue screened while Laslo Supernova was playing in the background...
You need to try the Sim Game  ACC as unreal engine will push that baby
Need this cpu for school
Sooooo 8K gaming?
I learned that we need a new benchmark as this one was obsolete in a couple of months :D  Or perhaps we need a new technology behind the CPU to compete. Maybe Intel should put a truck driver that's late inside of one, they are fast as hell.
I wanted to see some handbrake chewing through a 1080p file at 600fps
AMD's lower price is probably why they can't afford to out bid Apple at tsmc. But shhhhh it's ok as long as you can get one to test right? Who cares about oems and partners.
I definitely appreciate the socket being the same, working in a data center that runs all AMD EPYC processors!
Don’t mind me rocking my 2 core athlon 3000g
my only takeaway. WHY isn't the tool-less M.2 slot on EVERY motherboard?
HEY Linus - many people pay $ to not have YouTube ads, and then some DBs put in-video ads (even though they already get revenue from paid premium YT users). Money hungry puke.
Just another AMD CPU for the super rich.
shoutout to Wendell @ Level1Techs bb
i like how it scored 100k+ when wendel tuned it and thats like miles ahead of Intel... lmao
I'd buy an Epyc pillow.
Turn it to ESXI
Is it faster than m1?
Rtx 3090😏
DISAGREE 3990X is actually still faster.... IPC improvement does not make up for the uplift the 3990X has in clocks. This is not even taking the OC headroom of the 3990X into account and thats at half the price. Cant wait to see Zen3 based Threadripper :D poor Intel
We need that CPU to run some games =P
y los SUBITULOS ????
“This is the Hummer with the Cummins swap” Linus is cultured!
Intel is overpriced shit. I just wish so badly laptop manufacturers could ditch Intel in favor of AMD.
May Grandpa John rest in peace
Blender should use that robot from Futurama for rendering tests...
organize  a competition within lmg and run the games of two epyc cpus
also the fastest to empty your bank too!
M1 better
In 10 years base line laptops 256GB of Ram 8TB SSD 64 CORE 3GHZ BASE
Linus, why is that pillow 69.99$¿
Strange they named their cpu by me :)
Kinda perfect,,, Wife : "bla bla do this, and that" .. *Turn on gaming rig* bruuuuuu
We need motherboard sheets or couch covers
But can it run Crysis?
8:29 vidja games
2:34 the moment elon musk kids been asking "do you want the fastest and the coolest tesla car or do you want 1000 intel chips for your data center?" be like lol
Intel really needs to step up their game. I'm tired of paying for a mediocre processor with a lack of PCIe lanes, L3 cache etc.
the adverts are getting to be too much, I pay for youtube premium to not watch fucking commercials...
Taking out a mortgage to buy a CPU
try and run games on it without gpu
Run finalcut pro
I wonder how this would handle Crysis without a GPU
Linus just had a CPUgasm.
Build me the cheapest gaming pc plz :((
"and you know what else is fas-" Yes, my fingers on the L key zooming past the sponsor segment.
consider roblox studio terrain generation as a (timed) benchmark, it hits my pc HARD and that's saying something
We need an update to the 7 gamers 1 CPU video where 8 computers have 8 cores each along with the 3090
consider roblox studio terrain generation as a (timed) benchmark, it hits my pc HARD and that's saying something
Apex Legends is locked at 144. In Command line arguments type in +fps_max unlimited to unlock it.
God, this HDR looks like absolute trash.  Who said it was a good idea to start doing this?
...For about the next 3-4 months, until Apple M1X/M2 Mac Pros...
Seems quite epyc to me.
What monitor is that he’s using for the benchmark testing?
The future of shaming!  ... Err ... I mean ... gaming?  ...No I don't.
Did anyone else think the music at 7:33 was Billie eilish bad guy?
Oof good luck m1x and prolly m2x. XD  I think in a few years 24 cores would be mid range or something idk my 855+ snapdragon can't handle the latest games anymore. Tech really just advances at a crazy pace.
so hold up.  You got two of them.   and per the specs they can be dual socket.  WHERE IS TEH DUAL SOCKET BUILD LINUS? Where are those 128 core, 256 thread tests?
so.....16 ryzen 3 are equal epyc....
Xeon Platinum: "Why do I hear Dark Souls music?"
Can it run Crysis?          *YES*
Delid it.
Great content as usual. Have you thought about setting up a server using at least 10 Epic CPUs all working together with killer GPUs to see what you can do with it for gaming? That would be interesting to see.
Cant you make a video about with program you use to test with?
Build custom EPYC server with VDI for lan party. (x gamer one server)
You're gonna need a bigger benchmark.
Can it run crisis
Emulate every console at once.
32 stations Linus! U know you want to
im sure the threadripper shaped cpu pillow will also cost as much as a threadripper.
the noise in the end just reminds me on how much i miss my server room!
I wonder how it would game with multi threading disabled
Pc building sim now will have a new cpu in it :D
Another thing that is out of reach unless your Linus
GPU :  CPU : Look at me... I'm the captain now
And I thought my 6 core 12 threads CPU was amazing....
My God, that L3 cache on the Epyc chips is crazy
It's fast, but can it run Crysis?
Thats more money than intel’s 5000 buck upgrade plan  Be careful linus
Thread ripper?
what is that flexi screwdriver
make a motherboard blanket
Krazy, I've seen similar about the AMD EPYC at least 2 or 3 weeks ago maybe 4 weeks ago.  I still prefer Intel over AMD no matter what AMD does. We hate Apple computers because they are too expensive and have a reduced performance of 50 percent than what a typical Intel PC can do. Other the other side, we hate Microsoft because their Operating System sucks with each new version or release of an OS.  - " Bad computer bad computer what you gonna do when they come for you. "  It's Epic - evolution ! or maybe terminal.
Im thinking that $8000 EPYC CPU...And a Minecraft Server?
Imagine having 8 of these, which I think is called a cluster computer, that would be very interesting
this man is the only one to be able to sell a pillow at 70 dollars
8k for a cpu ?!  it should come with a free pc
I watched Linus demo the 12 core Xeon E5-2697v2 years ago and was blown away, but thought I'd never afford it... Just picked one up a few months ago for $140. Can't wait to do the same with this Epic!
3:50 toolless M.2 on every board!! ... am I the only one that doesn't see the need for that? I mean, how often do you change an M.2??? Some of them are even underneat gfx cards. Why another piece of plastic that will crumble, die and fail. I've hated too many toolless hdd setups that I really do not want this kind of junk, least of all as part of the motherboard so it will go to shit before the board itself does and then the slot is unusable. Long live King Screw!
But can it run crisis?
Now passive cool it
I could run so many minecraft servers with one of those badboys! I bet every single person who watches LTT could log on at once and it would still hold TPS at 20 if you load balanced people across multiple servers with bungeecord \ waterfall.  I wonder if the epic LTT internet connection would be up to the task...
Its the  future.
make a pc with the most EXPENSIVE parts in the WORLD!!
Now that the PC enthusiasts have been lately getting more aware of processor architectures and their nano meter naming schemes, it's a bit of disruptive to be still comparing so casually AMD's and Intel's nano meters in videos like it would mean something sensible to anyone. Pretty much the same thing as comparing clock speeds between Intel and AMD or between different generations.
This servers power is what a normal gamer pc vil have in 5-7 years.
10:22 - fans go brrrrrrrrr !!
Size doesn't matter, performance does.  That's what she said!
“ mom yes” I need this for online school
There is an idea that i have but i am wondering if it will works  Use a platter device to cool water and water will go to the radiator the radiator fans will push a cool air in to the computer it is like mini air conditioner  I hope the idea will reach I think it will work without much problem
*linus drawing on a $8000 cpu* me: *pain*
I hate the text in the beginning. Change my mind
When a CPU worth more that your whole pc
Yeah but can it play Crysis? 3? oops... nevermind...
AMD is not only beating the dead horse. They're beating it hard too.  Please stop, AMD. You've killed it already. You're just making a mess of the remains now.
The background music is so irritating.
I really just want to see Car Content tbh... I love computer content but I want to be a Mechanical Engineer when I go to college (I'm 14) so I absolutely LOVE Car Content.
Linus about to tell about the sponsor: "you know what else is fast" Obviously my finger since i clicked so fast to skip the sponsor bcs i really want to know about the cpu
1:34 that's what she said
6700k gang unite !!
Need more videos from Sarah or Yvonne!!!
And it’s just using a noctua 12S what
Size doesn't matter, performance - linus
You get a thumbs up for 16 quad core VMs on this!
I can’t help but wince when he’s drawing on an $8,000 cpu...
this is just proof on how far behind we are on technology we all rocking 2-10 cores for years now and here we have linus with a 60+ core thread lol that just shows what they be hiding from us.
put the cpu in a clear glowing enclosure in the middle of the room and an octagon of desks surrounding the core thatd be sick mate
I saw that Optane on the server, tests inbound?!?
If he doesn't calculate pi to a million places with this...
😁👍
Wendell and Anthony. Give them their own Linux channel!
Ah yes..... I understand some of these words.
I look forward to Wendell popping out and saying, "Hey!" every time he's mentioned in an LTT video lol
"You know what else is fast?"  How quickly stock vaporized?
"We need to get a fan on there" Laughs and just shoves a fan on the nook trying to get it to stay. Love it 😀
@0:27 never seen you happier, Linus :)
That'd definitely be beast for the gaming bar me and a buddy of mine are planning.
Linus casually Drawing on the most powerful CPU in the world. 5:06
9:45 same.
Upgrade the 100k pc
Cant wait for the 16 in 1 virtualization video! That's gonna be a super cool video.
it is not a proper LTT server video without a loud fans :)
This is more exciting because of what is to come in the future for average consumers. When I'm an old man...
Cyberpunk max settings benchmark?
ill just go cry with my FX-6100
The cost of that processor pales in comparison to the licensing costs for any MS product installed on it.
It's a server gpu, it's not to good for gaming on it, you better use threadripper 3990X
I don't even have a PC, indian parents are very mingy
just wait for linus to "say your know what else" and you know a ad is coming
Please do emulation tests on it.
Warzone is one of the most CPU heavy games out there but they never play it.
Impressive... can't wait to see the "new" Threadripper... wonder how high-end ARM and Apple Silicone will be like :P
Holy smokes. That's Cinebench test reminded me of dial up internet days.
Why not do a N editors 2 Insane cpus And actually deploy it lol
Inb4 5990X
16 quad cores is lame. Do 64 gamers 1 PC. Make it a CS 1.6 tournament or something. Or play an entire battle royale game on one machine. Invite viewers to fill the ranks.
At 3:05 : EPYC fail on the Ram install, LOL.
Are you blippi
Where is the 128 core/256 thread EPYC?
You know what's fast? Me skipping your sponsors💀😂
But you know what, after saving for 2 years i finally buy a tower pc(prebuilt) and in the delivery the gpu (3060) messes up. My cpu doesn’t have even discrete graphics
"you know what else is fast -" the speed that i skip 15 seconds
I wish my cat had 128 PCIe Gen 4 lanes.
1:35 thats what she said
add the cpu to a laptop
Put 128gig of ram and open as many chrome tabs as You can, beacause if i remember, it was the CPU thats dies before the ram
make an ultimate madmax chia plotter with ramdisk and using alls threads :D
“The hummer with the cummins swap”  Shows clip of hummer with a Duramax😂
Way kool !!!!
mine is faster because i believe in him
See you in 20 years when this Cpu cost 300$ because of low performance 👁👄👁
We need a Noctua fan mod for the server
The render benchmarks are great demos, but those can be offloaded to a GPU, right? Could you please show compilation benchmarks, or at least briefly mention them?
Put one of these in a Mac Pro style case with good airflow and see just how quiet of a server you can make with one of these. The 2007 Mac Pro ran with 2 X 3 GHz Xeons with 150 W TDP each, so 300 W in a workstation wouldn't be that bad. The quieter the better, but still with epic performance!!
I can't believe you didn't try to run flight sim
It's definitely the fastest at emptying my wallet
#TekSyndicate4life
Hes got a wee happy face again another freebie
"this is the Hummer with the Cummins swap" is something I literally never thought I would hear come from Linus' mouth
Why in the world are you still wearing masks? Aren't you all vaccinated? You all work together. Those masks aren't doing anything.
you should benchmark teardown with this cpu
If you get a dual cpu motherboard, does that mean you get 256 lanes? And how does that work? You cannot daisy chain riser cables right?
It’s like 30+ degrees in Vancouver and Linus is wearing a beanie.
8:49 Vidgia games
how long does CTR take on that thing? a month? xD
Wow, now with that cpu i can have online class :)
set your server room with those and dual sli 3090s on each system
7:57 michael jackson enters the room
ok so, with this cpu, i can have my browser and minecraft open AT THE SAME TIME!??!?!?
Pleeeeeeeeeease make minecraft infinite render distance with that monster
this has nothing to do with this video but I would love a monitor that has low respons time and high refresh rate and is 1080p easy right? now here comes the kicker I want one that is like 34 inch btw ips pleas :)
I want to compile Firefox on that thing. Literally my dream.
THAK YOU VERY MATCH
Does it run Crysis?
Idea with the CPU: Run a self opening .bat crasher on it and see how many instances you can get until it gives up. My ol' hunk o junk does 100s, this thing must pull thousands upon thousands
video idea: just use x264 with this thing UWU
WTF, THIS IS 20X MORE EXPENSIVE THEN MY PC
But can it run windows 11?
8000$ but can it run crysis
Another episode of you are poor
I'll have nightmares with that tumbnail
screw cpus im still waiting for a god damn gpu
It will be interesting to see how the Threadripper 3995 compares. AMD's biggest problem may be keeping the Epyc line far enough ahead of the Threadripper line. It's not like Intel has anything to compete with either.
70$ for a pillow?
Linus: drains wallet on an overkill cpu Also Linus: draws on cpu
Never thought he'd make a car reference in a video not gonna lie
bank: so why do you want a $8000 loan   me: observe
3:06  Linus fails to snap ram into place, and shamefully cuts away.
10:52 Linus to wife
I love how they leave in Linus jamming the memory in crooked, he quickly looks at it and they change shot 🤣
Amd with 64 cores 70*C and my little i5 9400f with 6 cores 95*C or 70*C with water cooling nice
But can it run Windows 11?
Apple M1 is more efficient
8k gaming!
Is Ting really considered a good deal in the US? Here in the UK on 3 I pay £16/mo for truly unlimited everything, including 5G. No caps, no speed limits, nothing, but they’re offering 12GB for what, $35?
Run a whole FPS (COD, Battlefield, something more intense than CSGO) match with 12 players one (two) cpu. Also try to run the server for the match itself off of the machine, idek if that's possible lol.
OK but can it run chrome?
A cool project to do is to see how many of your favorite BOINC projects you can get going at once! And, that'd be a great use for the rig if you're going to keep these bad bois!
For additional entertainment just imagine Linus wearing an Oompa Loompa costume while handling that behemoth of a CPU.
Would be good to use this EPYC chip for some faceswap video creation, that would be fun and fast.
I thought I was able to flex on others with my i7 6700k, but after seeing this... NEVERMIND
"You know what is fast?" the way I skip invideo ads
How is this the fastest CPU on the planet? Threadripper 3990X scores 75671 in Cinebench R23 compared to 61000 and is more than a year old. All that while being half the price.
No One:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Linus: Drawing in a 8k CPU
I want to see an updated attempt at running Crysis entirely on the CPU when the new Threadrippers come out.
I STILL WAITING FOR CRYSIS RUNNING ONLY ON NEW EPYC CPU
“Size, not important. Performance… is what matters” is sadly, not what she said 😂😂😂
Why not get a single (23 kW) Cerebrus Waferscale? ... it is kind of expensive though. Would be interesting what you run on it.
Isnt 7nm old? I think Apple is at 5 or 3nm
I have chip envy
Rip granpa
If you run windows 10, even pro, and not enterprise or server (or Linux), then likely the scheduler is slowing down your processor to 64c/64t performance, possibly worse.  The 32 core equivalent can be clocked higher since it has fewer cores to be cooled and they are more likely to be higher performing speed wise.  When you actually buy these, to use the performance they need to be matched with a good OS.
Use the CPU as a GPU like you did with the last 64 core processor!
I've been trying to buy a dual ROME motherboard for over a year, they don't appear to exist for humans to buy. So...I'm curious how you've managed to get a Milan board...ya know..chip shortage, yada...
Could you make a mineral oil server?  lol  "World's Quietest Server"
No use watching at 8000.00
2x EPYC
@Linus Tech Tips have you guys noticed the crazy amount of mining rigs being put on ebay recently
Just when I thought a $4k 64-core CPU was expensive, AMD outdid themselves with an $8k 64-core CPU. +20% speed for +100% cost makes no sense to me. If it costs 2x as much it better be 2x as fast, otherwise might as well get 2 of the cheaper CPU's for the same price. For $8k they should have made it 128 cores (8 chiplets 16 cores each, basically 8x 5950x's ), even if it did need a 600W socket/cooler.
I want to see the literal best PC possible right now, with no shortcuts
In a few years when these EPYC CPUs start retiring and going into the second hand market, it is going to be quite hard to find a CPU that is not PSB vendor locked like the one Linus is using here. Most of them is going to be locked to DELL or HPE platforms. Which means no replacement for cheap old Xeons, and more E-waste in the future.
What's going on with the uploads? The colors are shifted up relative to the image
You know you're old when you remember Wendel from Tech syndicate before he showed his face and Logan who runs the channel who started on tiger direct that turned into computer tv. For that matter, remember Albert?
I got this with 2 titans.
You guys could benchmark CPU performance with BeamNG.drive. The more cars/creations spawned, the more threads get hit
Oh the innuendo is strong with this video.
Need DIYPerks to do a silent cooling system for an Epyc LTT build! Still waiting for the perfect video!
gg
How's it goin'?
Try this CPU with the "breathing PC" cooling system. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3GKe7eXbPE
bet it doesn't support multi threading
$8000 for a piece of metal? imagine paying so much for that? Jesus Christ we're getting scammed so hard.
XDS
How does it handle windows 11?
Planet? So presumably there are other faster CPUs, they just come from a different planet lol
Intel is better
And the funny thing about Crysis 3, even if it looks really good today, Crytek is still gonna make remaster
Damn, one system with two of those would give 16 pc's 8 cores, each with 2.3-2.8Ghz, you simply need 512GB so you can allocate 24GB to each of the VM - what i wonder is how do you handle all the GPU's that you would need, i mean technically speaking 8 3090 does the trick, 10gb vram each...... thats already  30k without the "case" to house it all. But  hey, perfect system if you run some sort of internet cafee, only one system to control them all - running everything in a VM keeps your system safe, allowing network control to avoid crap happening - not a bad chip indeed. Intel is badly losing the race.
That server sounds like Justin Bieber.
You almost gotta use that server for Minecraft, just for fun xD, how much to make it lag?
1:34. Thank you
But can it run crisis *Oh well it looks like it can
Do the Crysis rendered completely on CPU with both of those. :D
Eyo that rams not all teh way in!!! 3:05
I like your shirt,  Linus.
So looking forward to the new threadripper to replace my 3960x.
Can't believe Linus didn't run crysis on it. You know, the CPU rendered version, the software version.
no need to censor, we all saw the @twomad vid with you
Let's agree we all want to watch this cpu getting overclocked
See y'all in 2090
when will LTT use one of these CPUs on an architectural project for demonstrating how good they are for architects, do a Zaha Hadid building or something
All the things I could do with 8000 usd. I could afford myself two powerful gaming laptops and still save a lot of cash. Geez !
Nah fam the Intel 4004 is the best cpu out there
No flight simulator?
as a car person...thank you for the references  haha
Try mining Monero on it
This guy is no doubt satanic connection puppet
5:10 casually draws on a 7k CPU. (Yes I know it doesn't effect much and it's probably removable, still funny)
Install a real-time operating system and make something crazy with robotics. Use Collin and all your fabrication equipment to the max!
Intel > AMD
So 8 gamers, 2 cpu's is gonna happen i presume.
So Intel's 8 core cup idea as much power as AMDs 64. Sounds about right.
Sleeper pc 😂
Linus if u care about your fans then reply to me and pin my comment 😏
Yeah my CPU has 65 course and 127 threads so there haha suckers
2x cpu 128gb ram I would need 80 of them. While still a lot less than I currently need of the xeon server I spec'd which would need 375 of those. It's $1.8 million for the amd verse $400k for the xeon so....
Would be cool to see like 4 people playing 4 different games on this beast
But can it run Crysis?
This is old news,
I would love one or two of those CPU pillows but why do they have to cost $70?
Pretty soon we'll need cooling towers the size of the Eiffel Tower!
Alright Linus, it's a damn 64 cores 128 threads CPU, you know exactly what project you guys need: you need to game on it.  No, yes, you did game on it: with a graphics card. That's weak, man. I want to see Crysis running on this beast entirely on CPU cores.
Thanks Wendell!!! <3
I *cannot* believe YouTube lets you use $H!T in a title without getting demonetized.
You should play universe sandbox 2 on this cpu.
Cries in mac mini 2014
Hummer with the Cummings swap?  I hate it.  I mean, I also kinda' hate the Tesla model S+ Plaid, but at least that doesn't spew out that fucking black ass cloud coming from the Hummer.
Am I the only one bothered by Linus drawing on an 8000$ CPU with a marker?
Yeah, we got -one- two.
Isnt the AMD Epyc a server processor??
I never thought I would hear an accurate engine swap reference on this show.
wait wait,  not using the Icegiant on this bad boy?
You guys ok? Theres all over the news your hot situation. Hope you guys and your families are safe.
Do some game software rendering on it, I wonder how fast that would be
Would love to see Blender CyclesX in future videos, can only imagine the render speeds
Crysis in software mode, maybe we can finally play it with 60+fps
EPYC!
Don't drop this one...dumba$$
3:52 "They should all have that." ...Yup
Notice how in this video linus uses apex, after getting scolded for using doom cuz its fun
7:58 Michael Jackson
2:59 is that Sara Forsberg?
AMD fanboys will be AMD fanboys. smh
How many fps on fortnite
And if it wasn't for AMDs comeback, those Intel CPUs wouldn't be $8K, but $20K...
LN2 cool them and see what world records you can smash.  Maybe get tech Jesus involved.
Rest in peace to gramps ❤️
Would love to know how well that would chew through encoding in something like OBS with x264 max on all settings... lol
know what’s faster? skipping 10 seconds
Linus keeps surprising me with what knowledge he has about cars
New mic?
*casually throws a giant pillow next to system with 8000$ CPU*
How about to repeat the old test of running games on only the cpu in software https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LaKH5etJoE
You know what's faster than that? Me skipping your Segways 🤣🤣
What not even a 2P system with 128cores, lame!
That’s a heckin CPU
With his F1 driving skills, Linus should join "Bottas' Mowing Service".  🤣🤣
Mr. Linus sebastian forgot to brush his teeth before making the thumbnail xD.
A 3090 can’t run Crysis 3 like SLI 2080 Ti’s at 6K, I miss SLI 😭
32 Gamers 1 CPU is comming
I agree, Linus. It's a really fast CPU and works very well with ASRock motherboard as you have in your video. What CAN'T be done with this monster? ;-)
Can it run windows 7?
Note how when linus is installing the ram, he has trouble and then it suddenly cuts away. Coincidence? I think not! #lienus
Let's see it run 1,000,000 Chrome tabs that are active/live running 3d or similar.
whats with the dumb masks, come on
When one tiny square costs 8 times more than my whole pc...
I think that the long term support for a single socket is good for the environment. This has the potential to reduce E-waste because instead of buying mother boards for each gen. you end up buying one for a number of gens. I hope everyone does this. FOR THE ENVIRONMENT #weloveEarth
It's not fastest, but most powerfull
5:07 I love how he is just using a marker on a $8000 CPU
Request for LTT: could you start benchmarking MSFS 2020 on CPU reviews? It’s a very cpu intensive game and sort of the new “crisis” in terms of putting hardware to the test. As always, thanks for the content!
9:26 ,completely ignores Universal sandbox for cpu heavy game .
I gon slap it one my 1660 oc
Did my guy Linus just got sponsered by to companies on one video
How about 3:50
How fast can it crack DES?
How about Vray 5 benchmark, what´s the score?
If it wasn't for his voice, i thought it was a Mr.Beast video.
Wat my pc is a RTX 3070 with a 16gb of ram and a Core i9-9900k and my apex runs at almost 200 FPS I am confused how did Linus get only 130
Wendel low key made me laugh.
Threadripper pillows? YAS PLZ!
NO! Bring back white intro. Looks much better.
3ds Max: This this CPU is catJAM
whoa cool cummins hummer i like
I've never seen Linus this happy.
1 CPU, 20 gameing stations......
i wonder how is the Power bill for LTTMG
You better be benchmarking League of Legends with that lmao
Here is a challenge for that CPU. Open five hundred apps and run them at the same time on that CPU
intel on the next video: let's sponsor this guy
Is the epyc as good for gaming as the 5950x
Put that in a desk of for most expensive pc desk
Intel keeps getting absolutely 3 crowned
Cool project idea, CPU mining.      The most EPYC down vote ever.
You should get Galactic Civilisation III that game needs a 8 core 32gb of RAM for their Insane map size.
Intel will make another overclock?
I want to see some software mode gaming
Cummins swapped hummer.. that a Chrisfix shoutout? Lol
3:06 still a newbie😂
Linus, it’s clear you know nothing about cars.
Linus! Please fix the pins on the motherboard. Bottom-right corner. Can't miss it. MY EYES.
Your CPU does not meet the requirements for this game. Sorry.
Is it good for cyberpunk 2077
8 x 4K Gamers + 8 x 8K Editors 1 CPU!!!! I've been begging for this to happen since the other 64 core video you guys made!!!!!
wow
"...its soo big..." Thats what she said.
Project for this CPU? Minecraft server obviously
I’m not the only one that wants to see it overlocked am I 😭
Linus: "This is the fastest CPU on the planet!" Also Linus: *draws on CPU with a marker*
wow
WAIT THERE'S MOTHERBOARDS WITHOUT THE STUPID M.2 SCREW?! I wouldn't even mind if it screwed in from the back to accommodate different size drives, but that little ass screw... needs to go such a pain in the ass to thread by hand, hold on a regular screwdriver... like why? Why that screw?!
Back then you said: Can it run crysis.  Now you say: can it officially run Windows 11?
But can it run Crysis?
Wtf what a beast of CPU, I can't really believe how brutal an threadripper of this puppy will be 😳
Rendering a video with that EPIC CPU is as fast as rendering a video with my GPU
nobody updates data center cpus every year. They are bought, exploited to 100% for 7-10 years, then sold on secondary market
fuck it a pushup per like, on a tech yt channel
*Cries in 8 cores/16 Threads*
0:35 I got anxiety thinking you almost dropped the cpu with those hand motions 😂
The most Epyc Folding@Home machine (see what I did there 😉)
Wait, wasn't optane discontinued?
I mean if you have such a powerful cpu why you need a gpu anymore? right?
3:08 wot
overclock
Did he just write on a 7810 US dollars CPU with A MARKER ???????   :DD
THIS PC CANT RUN WINDOWS 11
does it support RGB?
But can it stop a door?
i just spent $1200 on a brand new, released in April, TR Pro 3995WX. It's Zen 2. Thanks AMD.
Could you post the "Wendell tweaks"?
Maybe this one can get Cities Skylines above 20fps with 100k population.
Yeah, I’m sure it’s great, but how many FPS will you get in CP77?
This GPU has a stack of Cores
your server sounds like my old ps4 :D although I think my ps4 can beat this server in db
PlayStation 4: are you challenging me?
Failed minecraft reboot lol
drag racing processors, cinebench is the 1/4 mile 9 second runs, 9 second processor
Why do I feel like you sped up the intro?
I miss the old kitchen set
Hummer with a Cummins swap - words I'd never thought I'd here from Linus.
Overclocking Server CPUs? Yeah Linus...that's a really good idea. "you have to know what you are doing"...yeah cinebench it and that's it. You have no clue what they are for. Please go back to your Ryzen CPUs :/  And btw Apex Legends is hardcapped at 144fps, you have to use a command to go over that cap. Please do your job...
The laughable museum unintentionally detect because laura scilly disagree mid a heartbreaking ticket. ad, funny persian
amd has spoiled me too much. i am left wondering why we don't have 128 cores yet
Are common programs even written to effectively use that?
But does it run Crisis?
i love my Atom cpu!
I can totally see linus throwing up a sponsor from the beginning middle and end of coitus. Tada! Brought to you by Honey!
No Cyberpunk with max settings with max ray tracing?
I am kinda curious how much VMs are you able to pull out of this system
10:39 when you see every other score in blue just disappear 😲
gets a kick ass piece of hardware...SHARPIES DE F^CK out of it hahahahahahahaha epic
*shouts from the back* DE-LID THE CPU!
How do you get Task Manager to display the percentage utilization of each core instead of a graph or each core.  I would like the percent # to display for each logical core but I cannot find this information anywhere.  I have each logical core displayed, but it doesn't list the percent individually, just the little graphs of each core. If anyone answers this... thanks! Here is what I mean: 7:41
Me with a Amd Ryzen 3 3100 😢
Hello ?    Intel, are you still there ?
thats pretty epyc
Try running BeamNG drive on it!! Do the performance test and then spawn in houndrets of vehicles
Mine on the CPU and compare the performance to a low end GPU to demonstrate how inefficient cpus are compared to GPUs and dedicated miners
Could you build a Plex server with everyone from the LTT office with a better selection than Netflix?
Don’t lie. You opened your eyes widely when Linus said the Price of the CPU.
Latest chess engine Stockfish will melt this CPU
It may be the fasted CPU in existence but it didn't make the Windows 11 official supported list
what about quantum computers
wow the cellular & internet tariffs are a total rip off... sad.
AMD might allow CPU swap out in the server space but what about how it screwed over those who supported AMD in the threadripper space?  Gen 1 threadripper adopters had some issues with upgrading to Gen 2  Gen 2 threadripper hardware owners got royally screwed because their whole upgrade path was obsoleted when AMD changed the socket design  Threadripper prices also skyrocketed and turned into a low end epyc class offering  It really seems like AMD used threadripper adopters to grab some early cash from while they focused on epyc and Ryzen in lower markets  Threadripper has all but been abandoned in regards to offering server class at workstation prices  It's hard to trust AMD for anything threadripper anymore
me sitting here with a Ryzen 5 3600...
What always shocks me is how expensive are mobile plans on the other side of the ocean. I actually have unlimited minutes and a 100 GB for about 10 euros a month
How does that test with the image works?
2:00 i'm getting chemical brother vibes in the soundtrack. dat bass metrics.
128 gamers, 2 cpus
Yes that's cool and everything but how much FPS in Minecraft?
Oh my linus playing f1 2020 on keyboard :D
But can it run 7 Google Chrome tabs? 🤔
Microsoft:yeah perfect for a minimum requirement for Windows 11
Throw that gpu into the new 7000D by Corsair!!
I’ll buy it when LGR reviews it.
Why haven't you looked at the NVIDIA V-100/P-100/etc. yet?
You should review the HTC vive pro 2
OH LOOK ITS AMD wait thats right AMD is WAY better than CRAPPY INTEL GPU AND CPU
Imagine a Minecraft server with two of these and 256GB of RAM.
Now that's what I call CPU power...take that Intel...stay safe everyone!
Ya know what CPU bound game I wish was multithreaded Dwarf fortress, set a million year history world generation and see how long it takes to bottle neck.
WELL IS TING IN CANADA
when in ran R23 at 12 seconds I lost my shit!
What's its pi time?
lol level1 watching this vid at 5:07      😲
When your cpu outperforms a half-million dollar cluster from 10 years ago. Damn.
Linus: showcases the new worlds fastest cpu Me: I need those toolless m.2 slots. I fucking need them.
But can they run Crysis on medium?
This thing has 32x more cores than my current CPU
Mine Bitcoin on this!
Actually there is a 850,000+ core cpu, made on a single die (wafer size die), more powerful than some super computers. Do a cool video on it plz :P Cerebras Systems, 850,000 Core CPU, Wafer Scale die.
I want to see the video editors do their worst on it, video edit project
MiniItx epyc pc? Something sub 12L? Meshlicious or ncase m1?
No the super processors is
5:11 please help that CPU!
hi
What can you use it for? Ask a local cinema for 4 projectors to borrow and and try gaming on the side of the building
Future Linus: Remember back in the day when we had this holy shit 64 core cpu video? AMD's current lineup has 64TB cache and a whopping 3,6GC - GC? Yes Giga-Cores! - running at 4.5GHZ with a 5,5GHZ boost clock at room temperature and a 25W tdp - been a while since AMD bought TMC and send Intel into retirement... xD
1:35 that's what she said
Don’t compare a CPU to the infamous cummer
I built my entire PC for £340... This thing is worth more than everything I own, even my kidneys lmao.
2:58 Looks like Dell won't change if Secret Shopper 3 was a thing.. And I bet an RTX 3090 if they changed.
I mean, honestly, I'm not surprised AMD can put so much server chips across different generations... For those CPUs, all the motherboard is, is just some power delivery, a bunch of wires and some connectors. The CPU itself is basically the entire chipset on it's own :^)
Please get rid of the background music
Remember guys "size doesn't matter, but performance does"
Did you have the server plugged into 220v? My understanding is it will run cooler and quieter, generally more efficiently,  if you do. Was it putting out that much noise even on 220?
D 🗣️
Apex is limited at 144fps by default unless you go into launch options "+fps_max unlimited"
Another idea could be 4d gaming setup but its huge
0:56  lezzers and gays? I feel offended
Yeah, but can it play Star Citizen?
I have to wonder why Ting still advertises to enthusiasts. I'd figure that LTT users use more Data than Ting Flex plans are pragmatic for
But can it run Crisis
Use it to render games in the CPU :D
They can use it in New New New New New New Whonnick.
not as fast as i skip your sponsor
Rip Grandpa John :(
now that ive learned how long it takes to produce chips its crazy to think that this chip began its litereal production months ago
does the honey ad have darkmode? If yes that would be very nice for dark environments
I love the intro :D
"Worlds Fastest CPU" you ain't foolin' anyone, I don't even have legs.
"Not made for gaming who cares they're gonna game pretty good"- Linus 11:24
you can youse it for segway to your sponsors
please test the rxt a 6000
Feeling bad now with just 16 cores on Ryzen 9 5950X
Linus : Can you game on an EPYC server? Me with my 4 core potato pc : 😠😠😡
Build a renderfarm!!
0:35 "You know what else is fast?" My skips to your segues...  By two ways, the good ol' double tap, or going to the 2nd chapter.
"Sounds like AMD has some overclocking headroom here" has to be the most LTT thing ever said
@3:07 Linus assembling a pc..
wow and next year there will be an even faster one for $9000 that only costs $10 to make lol
holy shit mobile data costs tons in NA $5 a gig? wtf
At 03:07 was anyone else bothered by the RAM stick not being seated properly?
MINE MONERO!!!
But can it run crysis? We need to see this thing game on the cpu only
I'm a planetary scientist, I've been using a rack with dual Xeon Gold 6138s to run some computational thermal models for the Moon and they can take the computer around 54 hours to run in full. I'd find it interesting to try running my model on dual EPYC 7763s and comparing them! (Plus I'm in a huge time crunch to run 5 of these models and a faster computer could do wonders lol) Let me know if that's something you'd want to try out!
linus is paid  by AMD and that is why he pushes AMD product´s it has been obviously for some time now all he ever talks about is AMD he do not test any other manufacturer right so he can not tell any thing about intel or nvida product´s because he don test them right
Looking forward to 2028 when these are £120 each on eBay
ME: Eyy LTT has posted a new video, hmh about a new cpu maybe I can afort it,  AMD: NO ME: intel pentium will be okay
Put it in the ITX build.
linus to test on apex you need to uncap the fps, it caps at 144 if you dont uncap
Intel tick tock bang bust
Ps5 is better than any pc cuz of the ssd ♥️♥️😎😎
Hey linus can you to a video on ram brand matter in generic  ram stick like my old laptop I was running a ram brand called  forza
£69 for a pillow ?
He just drew with sharpie on a 8 grand cpu ;-;
i swear epyc is the low power server cpu's so what will threadripper be??
How about the ultimate 4k plex server see how many 4k streams you can run at the same time on it Linus.
That wearing a cap at all times phase is some kind of mid life crisis by now...
Geez. I thought I heard a jet engine running.
35 gamers 1 CPU incoming
3:04 Linus totally screwing that ram install
cring cpu
With this I can finally render with C4D physical and Houdini Mantra
put all the lmg business( all the computers, routers, switches on 1 server)
#WaterCool that CPU!
One House ,One Server PC Upgrade  inc?
$8000 for that many cores and performance…is expensive but surprisingly not that bad when you think about whose the target audience of it. Hopefully companies start moving towards epyc instead of intel its cheaper and offers more performance.
Guess i will sell my 5950x fuck my life
But can it run an minecraft server?
hearing this while i'm sitting here with an i5-4460 makes me want to cry lmao
Damn. I know Intel is dead already, but this is just beating a dead horse!
In 10 years it will be worth $50 USD
"Yeah, we've got one... errr.. two!"
did he just try to put a ram stick in backwards?
use the server to run 16K screen for gaming on 1 pc at many fps
Nah my i3 faster… when I throw it
Can it run youtube videos at 144p?
A cool project you could do on it? Run the program for my thesis on it so I don't have to wait weeks for it to finish xD
1:35 That's what she said.
A cool video idea could be “the most expensive computer we can build”
And they let him touch them
*intel crying in the corner*
Considering it's the fastest cpu ever, $8000 ain't bad
someone told me canada got a record summer right now with 45°C + right now... why are you still wearing a beanie? O_o
Honey is safe to use?
That server sounds like a damn jet engine
Amd: working on 128 core cpu  Minecraft: *best I can use is 1*
this little shit is worth four! FOUR! RTX 3090's why do you have to hurt me in this way, AND YOU DRAW ON IT WHYYYY????
toolless m2 slots would be fucking nice with the anoying small screws.
can it run modded rimworld with 1000 ducks?
CIG we need these servers for Star Citizen
1:09 who wrote this joke!!!!! we all know linus doesn't know cars that well to pull that joke out of his ass!!!!            whoever you are who did i love you!! and keep them coming!!!!!
Are we just gonna skip the fact he DREW ON A THREADRIPPER
I don't think honey has ever found me a promo code lmao
You want to know what else is fast? The way I skip over your segways.
Hey Riley, try this setup on Star Citizen
They should offer Vega 8 on it ..
When the cpu is more expensive than my entire setup
I'm in the process of budgeting out a dual-Epyc machine to build, probably going to begin buying parts in the next month or so.  So I absolutely need those pillows, so keep reminding us when they actually come in!  I'm not going to build around a Epyc 7763 YET, but probably around some of the first or second gen chips, should be enough to match my current system (Dual Opteron 6276), and then when data centers cast off old 7763's cheat I can upgrade to what's cheap then.  Love watching you build these beasts, even more fun building them myself :)  Mine will probably end up targeting a EPYC 73F3  for the faster top end clock speed, vs a crap-ton of cores ... wish I could mix and match something with a huge number of cores, and one with fast clock speed.
Se how long it takes to mine a coin of some kind of Crypto coin
But, what would Dr. Ian say? Whats your minimum specification?
"that works out to the money i spent on my 2022 alpaca whool supply"
But does it run Crysis?
Man...looking at that form factor...of course is powerful you can jam 3 regular CPUs in there...next thing would be a CPU the size of a motherboard and AMD would be like: the fastest most powerful....oh wait....
You know a cpu is big when you can use it as a white board!
I know it is not much of an idea but maybe try running the entirety of Linus Media Group from two EPYC CPUs? Either that, or have eight or more 8-core rendering machines.
I have a stupid question: If someone offered you this CPU for free (and you can't sell it), would you even want to game on it? I feel like it would use so much power since it's designed for server applications.
You should use it on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Folding@home or something - support some medical research!
Hi Linus, hi everyone "you do such a good job of teaching"<-let class begin, :)
she's movin!
The nosies sounds like a aircraft engine
I want gaming benchmarks paired with gt710
Wendell looks like an emoji lmao
Name your crappy CPU 👇 mine is i7-3632MQ 😢
With 256 threads I'm wondering how fast software rendering is on that thing. It has so many cores it could conceivably just straight up emulate a GPU.
The car reference was perfect!
Linus you forgot to see what fps you get when you run crysis in software rendering mode.
"Not made for gaming? Who cares."   My wallet. My wallet cares.
I wonder how pc chips reach 70 - 90 degree celcius temp. and like...not... Completely breakdown
The Wendell cut-ins never cease to get a chuckle outta me. Perfect every time.
1:27 I would rather sleep on RAM stick shaped and patterned pillow to give me those sweet memories in my sleep
I have an open-source project that takes my dual Xeon's almost 3 hours to compile. I'd love to see what this could do with that compile time ;)
now we just need him to chiller the epyc
Yaay been waiting for the benchmarks. Let's go!
6 editors 1 work station attempt 2
Did u try running Crysis on them (No GPU included)?
1:36 all of that, that’s what she said
Try running Scarlet Nexus on it. It has amazing graphics
Wendell in the into animation got a nice chuckle out of me.
What on earth are they wearing masks for
Not fastest
But can it run Minecraft bedrock at 300x400 lowest settings?
as a car guy i dont like how he said its not a civic its a hummer...
Why is the CPU pillow 70$ man? 🤣 that thing is 20-25 at best. Drop that price playa
I want to see this run Hearts of Iron 4.
9:02 never have truer words been spoken regarding gaming nowadays, what a shame
My Intel i5-9600k is faster
Linus gets hand on RTX 3090 and 3090 in sli, test them out and says gaming on 1080P gaming is severely CPU bound.  Also Linus gets hand on the fastest cpu, Misses on the opportunity of testing on two or one 3090, gaming in 1080p  having a board that has x16 lanes everywhere....  Come on linus...show us what this EPYC thing got...
Test how much Minecraft players can play simultaneously :) maybe make a world record
what about a team of vfx artist use this cpu with virtualization to make a shot
But can it run Windows 11?
R5 3600 : 😢
Why do Linus' staff seem to cower around him?  I wouldn't be surprised if he was one of those nightmare bosses that throws tantrums at his staff every day.
you can i get that really fast?
Size doesn’t matter, performance does
I would love to see this paired with two 3090s
I died watching him draw on the cpu, like I'm sure its fine and all but it still hurt
Linus will you adopt me?
AMD Powerful CPU
Please Price the Pillows 69,69
Pair it with a gt 710
I wish I had that hardware and all those corsair built desktops near the end of the video got me jealous lol I do have corsair hardware but I dont have them fully decked out with rgb
3:04 Linus struggling to insert the RAM
I wonder will it render 16k video
Can i have it?
Think with more tinker, watercool, can you get that render time to 1second?
yo i swear ur ads ur funny
3:04 - we just gonna pretend we didn't notice?
3:03 did he really just put the memory stick in the wrong way.. I'm disappointed Linus..
That's pretty much a lie but for consumers yes. Read a story about a bigger cpu in the works that has been tested and with 2 of them you could beat super computers...
Ohhh Cool Project? A Giveaway of those Processors with RTX 3090... should do pretty good!
I wonder how Honey makes money cuz only saves us but we dont pay for it????
i bet windows 11 thinks it still cant run on this cpu :3
We (consumer) should get NVMe retention that would allow us to build faster rather than screw it, even better if had better plastic like my Vention CAT7 LAN connector.
You know that there are Civics with 1000+ HP out there? A proper tuned Civic can tear apart Lambos and Ferraris.
Linus, where's that yellow, purple, blue hoodie you were going to sell on L T T store dot com?
He cant just draw on a Processor :O
when you realize that you can overclock thi cpu's      HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL  YYYEEEAAAHHH :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Why are you testing the cpu with maxed out graphics? Would it make more sense to set it to minimum graphics at like 720p to minimize GPU usage and make the cpu the bottleneck?
What's with the dumb masks????
Run Unreal Engine 5 Sample project "Valley of The Ancient" I wanna see those shaders to compile in 1 sec and over all performance on some top notch 1% hardware
You can get more than 144 at Apex if you unlock it in steam or origin startup settings because they lock it to your refresh rate by default  idk why hope we can get the results though 😉
Grabs $8000 CPU - Draws on it
hey linus help me out
Size matters not
Chipset Competition!!! God Help us all.... 👍😁
You guys should try to mine with it. LOL.
Would that make this a totally epyc gamer moment?
Linus always saves the day. And yeah why would you buy a 8k cpu instead of 8k pc. And btw i cant afford any of those lol
If this is a cpu what do I have xD
Why do you guys never mix in the M1 in to these comparables?  Not same class or something, honestly asking though - I'd figured their M1 would stack up
All jokes aside Intel is in a long pain of work , AMD is crushing it, Apple's M1 is well really crushing it....
Love how much love you guys show Wendell.
Run a minecraft server on it and try to crash it with your viewers!
I can't believe Linus is drawing all over an $8000 CPU with a sharpie. The balls on this guy.
0:28 how's it goin'
And here i am rocking a i5-4550 :)
Damn can't wait to go buy one... because I definitely have that kind of money
Intel: You only glued together a bunch of CPUs. AMD: So?
THAT STUPID HAT NEEDS TO BE THROWN IN THE FIERY PITS OF MORDOR
Can it run crysis?
Someone had an... Epyc Canada say!
Make a DCS server with 100 players
*Sigh* I am still happy with my Ryzen 7 5800, just not as happy as I was before watching this.
why did linus have to write on his borrowed $8000 cpu...     (ik it's perfectly fine but still).
So Ting wants 45$ for 22GB of data.. I get 100GB which I never even come close to finishing for 7$ per month
It seems Ting is getting there, but it's still not as good as what you get here in Finland from about any operator. We get unlimited fast data and ~20 GB of free data per month in other EU countries, and we get that for less than their unlimited plan.
:O
16 pc's 1 cpu, I'm here wondering, wth are you gonna do for video output and video cards for 16 pc's out of one pc? :O
11:23 "Not made for gaming? Who cares." Put that on a t-shirt Lol
I work at a server making company and we all wondered why they installed cameras everywhere in the building plus we also were told we would start a new server model, yesterday i was installing the CPUs and seen this now i know why lmaoo
$8k today, $279.99 in 1 year from now lol
At 2:38 I tried to click on X
Ya, hunting "old" empyc cpus for gaming will be a lot of fun.
Is it just me or Linus's voice is starting to get rougher. 0:12
128 cores. Oh that sounds... Me remembers I have 8 cores. Oh, wow that's... Me remembers it's dual cpu...  This is death by CPU.
Too bad you didn't repeat the Crysis CPU rendering test you did with the last generation epyc.
I appreciates how Linus speaks to each of us as if we might be able to afford one of these 😅
He Is Like The Nerd"Michael Scott"
Hopefully I'll have the money by the time new Threadripper things happen. Would be great for content creation no doubt!
dude imagine game using not fixed update but just update and then you playing it with this...  for those who dont know fixed update is updating game stuff at fixed framerate (so things run the same on any device) but if you use just update then things would update on every frame possible so on slow pc things would be slow in game but with this... now that i explained it it sounds stupid
Day 238 of asking for watch dogs 1 benchmarks
Me with a intel pentium laptop: wow i need that
Dual Epyc rack goes: reeeeeeeee
On Apex u forgot to unlock the fps lock. Under advance launch options. +fps_max 0
16 Gamers 1 CPU‽ Seriously?
Maybe the new 420mm aio from corsair can cool this 😁👍
You should run the new MS Flight Simulator
Wow
Warning : This CPU probably won't run Windows 12.
Holy freaking cow.
Imma get it to play league of legends
I wonder why there’s not intel tech upgrade anymore XD
Watching this on 4 Cores potato.
As a car guy I can say that a Hummer with a Cummins is not a thing.
Now, just imagine for a second if LInus were to drop one of those CPUs like he did with one of those Xeons a while back, poor Wendel.
He became obnoxious
AMD: I'm Fast AF Boi Intel: wut? AMD: Still Fast As F Boii Intel: ........
whos the hot mexican girl
That scrub was butteeeeeeeeeerrrrr
Why don''t they just add more cores?
When he said my name 👀
You what else is fast? How fast I Segway past the sponsor bit
AMD really is trying to flex hard on Intel. Love that big dick energy Dr Su.
The number of PCIe lanes is just _nuts!_ This thing is an I/O monster!
Vaccinated people wearing masks to virtue signal is really funny.
but can it run Crysis? yes, yes it can
crysis 3 has its frames capped. 60 fps is normal
I’m inside of baphrewm ride now
sheeeeeesssshhhhh
Poor CPU, you know Wendell probably created like 8 VMs on each of these CPUs and made them each run some ridiculous IO benchmark
5600x to 5800x is about the limit of diminishing returns, anything over that at this point is just throwing money for almost nothing that you will notice unless you're among the 0,00001% pro competition players and even then it's very unlikely you'd need anything stronger. That's if we are talking about being fast, things like rendering and servers depend on cores more than on speed.
Way to properly seat the ram @ 3:03, Linus! ;)
Looking at the greatest CPU and GPU in the world and all we have as consumers are... GT710 GaMiNg CoMpUtErS
Can we do an _epyc_ 120K cinebench, plz 🤤
run crysis without gpu.
Mmm can it run windows 3.1?
WHY you draw over that cpu!? frikin monster... that cpu is 8 times more expensive then my pc
Windle is awesome
that sound like an old train🤣
Am I disrespectful if I skipped the sponsor?
Yessssssssssss
Linus, making me regret ever buying intel every amd video
Why can they make these CPUs and can't fix USB!! firmware issues? :D
still waiting for 128 core 256 threaded cpu's for Flight sim 2020.
Hey guys welcome to another tech vid where I’m going to show you computer part costing more the ur house
5:08 that's a pretty expensive whiteboard you got there
Can I run a Minecraft erver on that
Def do the 16x quad core VMs over KVM with vGPU for splitting up GPU performance between VMs
Even in a Linus Tech Tips Video Mercedes gets the fastest hardware.
Linus prefer AMD over intel. Next video : 5000$ setup upgrade sponsored by intel 😂😂😂😂
The real reason LTT needs so many staff is so they can have more gamers to run off of one box.
Try it with AV1 encoding
Mine Doge on it!
the fact that he said it was a 8000 dolllar cpu then later drew on it is hilarious
1:36 gives me hope
Game on it
Gigabit internet, high-speed mega CPU, GPUs for days... I say turn it into the ultimate Oculus Quest 2 Virtual Desktop server! Make your own VR theme park!
So when are you sending it to me Linus? I won your "LTT contest we don't even know we're running," pay up!
VR Arena, please build a multiplayer VR Arena!
Bet it can’t run vista lik
Wheres the 30 gamers one cpu one gpu video? Gpu-p is a thing now
Interesting! But don’t know what you are talking ‘bout….Tetris playable?
hey linus  try it for virtual crash test  on softwares like  ansys or hyperworks  like crashing car om speed of 70.kmph near distance of 50 cm to wall and check what time.it  will take to get equilibruim condition
Linus: THIS CPU COSTS 8000 DOLLARS! Also Linus: *drops $8000 cpu*
How about doing a folding project and find a cure for cancer or something weak like that...
Apex 144fps? Try +fps_max unlimited in the start options...what's the framerate noe?
I can't really ever keep track of what is Threadripper, Epyc, Xeon (or whatever Intel's high core count scientific/server/workstation processors)
5:07 he really has the balls to write on a $8k cpu lol
Just looking at the specs, the Epyc is already double the Intel, and $200 cheaper ($400 if you go Dual) and therefor 4 times the Intel at the $400 cheaper price. C'mon man, where's the Cray open boxing?
I'll stick with my 5950x
More like a stack of cores
Hell yeah!
It sounds like a jet taxiing for takeoff. Still have that remote HDMI thing? It'd take that to have this far enough away to hear yourself think.
Check how many TnT it will take to crash minecraft, good luck.
Time to bring the chiller back out, and power mod the mother board
you know what else is fast? me skipping your sponsor :p
You could use the server to make a really badass Folding at Home rig.
Projekt idea: 2 CPU´s = Infinity Gamers?
imgine a gpu that is 150x better than the 3090 and can run minecraft in blender cycles
Remember boys size doesn’t matter but performance matters the most stay humble stay king 💪
Yes Mum I need it to run word
Why does Linus have a mustache on his forehead? ._.'
SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED CPUU
I love how Wendell has become synonymous with ridiculous server hardware.
$8,000 CPU and you still run out of ammo.  Sad times.
GO LINUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, BREAK THIS ONE ASWELL !!!!!!!!!!! I DARE YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I DOUBLE DARE YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
16 gamers 1 cpu
I have a new benchmark...  CITIES: SKYLINES with 5800 assets and 100 mods
The dislikes are the last of the intel customers
What is the feasibility of a scalable editing server for your editors? something that scales with users, so a single user gets the full machine and subsequent users scale down to 64--32-16 etc. and this happens dynamically?
Instead of all the editors. All the engineers off it or all the graphic design team working off of it.
XOC with LN2!!!!!!
can it mine Monero on dual socket config? 😁
144 fps at 4k? wish i could get one of these man.....
This cpu is basically a gpu at this point.
I always said I needed a friend like Wendell.  Now I need Wendell as a friend.
damn bruh your GFX artist hella fine, id still smash anthony over anyone at LTT tho
And i thought my new 5900x was crazy fast lol
We need new Linux gaming videos + a Linux channel by Anthony
Ur the fastest cpu on the planet
Imagine using that CPU for Valve Index  PCVR 144hz
I think the price of the pillow could be a little…..nicer?…..69.69 maybe ?
How long will it take Linus to drop it?
I want a dual socket version of that one and I could replace all systems at home with an ESXI.
Overclock it NOW
is that a big chip or a small hand?
Try folding at home with it.......
I have a decade old laptop help
Psh!! I have an AMD FX 8370 black edition, Linus! GTX 780 6GB and 16GB ram. I can run classic and brutal Doom just fine.
I want to see 1pc 16 gamer's
$8000??? That's twice as much as a graphics card!
The u in segue does not sound, and the g is soft. (like un "ga" not ge nor gi)
can't wait for amd to casually make a 32 and 64 core ryzen on am5
OMFG 16 gamers one CPU, no way.
Linus: "It's 8000$!" Also Linus: "Let's use another expensive epyc and draw on it to demonstrate"
Absolutely *LOVE* bleeding edge tech! Its mad!
next year... on ebay for $550.00
So does this mean that linus is switching to the red side 😁😁
3:07 - Nice RAM placement
Can it run minecraft?😉
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Sounds like a new Minecraft server to me! (Or Valheim, preferably...)
Genoa is 96 cores. Plus there is one above that (Bergamo?) which will be 128!!!!! See Adored TV and Moores Law Is Dead.
That CPU must open MS Office super speedy
Planet discrimination... what about CPUs on other planets?
Damn now I have a choice to make. Do I really need 7 Herman Miller embody chairs for my dinner table. Or one of these ...... Hmmmm tough choice
chunk of cores
Linus can it play Minecraft
Do Ansys Fluent benchmarks.
a cpu named after me nice
I got a project for the new Chip, let's see how fast it can press BUY, for a Restock on a half decent GPU,or a series X. 🤔
Game on it as a GPU
Intel is dead. AMD for the win.
11:44 So that is the stadoa thing they 've been talking about for so damn long
Yodas for sure got a 19 inch schlong
That AMD EPYC CPU is the fastest!?  *GIMME THAT FUCKING SHIT RIGHT DAMN NOW!!!*
But can it run crysis??
The hummer with a cummins swap comment stole my ❤
Use that big boy with Quadro RTX 8000 or A 6000 GPU 🔥🔥
Linus you should be running Einstein@home or Milkyway@home on that 128 core EPYC rack mount beast, BOINC it up man!
I worked now quite a time on hpcs in my university. It is very interesting how much you can get out of these amd cpus. Its always great to work with those systems!
❤️🔥
Remember a few years ago when Linus was blown away by a 18 core Xeon?
Can it run crysis? on Windows 11 and of course I am talking about remastered.
Yes but, can it mine monero?
Off the wall side project...  Instead of a light bulb based 'easy bake oven' Redirect heat to first a baking chamber, then to traditional radiators and such.
The fan is not whining, it's just simply flexing it's capabilities.
Zen 3, i like that
Run Crysis in Software!
Hummer with a Cummins swap...... Thank you
that ram at 3:07. that did not work.
Its not a civic but it is a military truck with a v16 with 180 hp and 2000 lb torque, but who needs torque, the niche of the niche
Get a Canadian studio to make a game on 1 server
Me: Sees this. Looks to my Ryzen 3 4300. Closes the video 🤣
First try a game that really benefits from multiple cores, take my transport fever 2 map. I have max 20 FPS on my i9 at 720p. Second can you please try Blender on Linux, because GCC and Clang are more advanced than msvc and can generate way faster code and because the thread create syscall is more lightweight, spawning a thread therefore takes less time.
Wow, this is embarrassing. I haven't been up to date with hardware for a while, but clearly innovation has stopped and Moore's Law finished a long time ago.  Everything is backwards. Instead of new tech they just stich together more CPU's and what's worse they are getting BIGGER and more expensive. Why does this impress you, Linus? That is a bad thing. These things are supposed to be getting smaller and more efficient, but I guess not anymore.
is it me or LTT benchmarks should include arma 3 under average load, cause i would really want to see if the epyc can break the 2fps barrier
Hey linus, so I was wondering that only you can do this for me. Steam reverted me back to my home country :) I am poor, I used to buy legit games on Argentina server at a lower price but now they shoved my ass back to my third world country :) help me get a hold of Argentina Credit Card or maybe another way, I just want to go back to Argentina server :)
Me too man, me too :'(
I always thought Level 1 Tech worked for you. When you did your studio tour I thought I saw him at incoming/outgoing
All that cores and threads but still getting random stutter while opening 10 tabs of chrome
“Size not important, performance is what matters“ - Linus
It can run crysis, but can it run a heavily modded Ark Survival Evolved server or even a full fat Atlas world Servers?
dont use hones it steal your data
How is it better than threadripper 3990x?
You should sell a mother board pillow so you can put the cpu pillow in
Hummer with Duramax Swap*
how fast does it burn through folding at home tasks?
EPYC GUYs!
Check on your editor man dudes havin it rough
BUT CAN IT PLAY DOOM!!!!!!!!
fastest isn't the right verb... if translating to cars, a sports car would be fast, this would be like a semi truck that can pull the heaviest load...
"Hummer with the cummins swap" yeah 90% of the audience isnt in tune with that
How does this game compared to a r9 5950x? Is it slower or faster?
What, no Crysis 1 in software this time?
Folding at "home" ?
So this how the CPU you can run Star Citizen in avg 60 fps look like?    🤣🤣
NOW PLAY MINECRAFT ON IT
Lets play Minecraft on it!
Who else is tired of simply guitar ads
AMD EPYC: "Look, I'm the GPU now!"
This guy is on speed.
I'm still running an i7 3770 (stock).
He’s gotta see diy perks’s pc build
$8000 for the CPU only ME: With an $800 pc Setup
you could like, make THE ultimate Sleeper Computer, maybe make it fancy and fitting it in something like a VCR, TeleText Converter, CD player etc, maybe even a bloody bin if you're brave enough, then the pc would litterally be trash
Imagine just getting 98.000 points in r23 my i5 6200u got 1.08million points on r20 through a glitch
Is it the fastest CPU, or most powerful CPU?
So with a new EPYC processor comes an EPYC new build, right?
Can it caqlculate prime numbers faster than a Raspberry Pi 4?
Run a heavy archi software project like vray or lumion. Render it
Can you please name that pillow «the bed-tripper»???????!!!?!??
Linus, Intel dumped you? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I still can't believe how they get sponsored by Intel. LINUS EXPLAIN
And it can be yours for only $15,000 on eBay
It is not fair...  :(
Idea: Run VMware in a VMware and repeat
10:53: “Hold on, I’m not even gonna be able to get it up in time” …. Giggity, Yvonne is a lucky woman ;)
32 gamers 1 cpu??
Meanwhile, the fighter jet in the office known as the server unit...
Me watching this video: WHY ARE YOU DRAWING ON THE $8,000 CPU!!!
$69.99 for a cpu pillow?????? are we crazy or what
id love to see these cpus do somthing crazy with unreal engine 5 and its Nanite and Lumen tech.
contribute testing to the dolphin emulator project by offscreen recording this thing playing games through their software render backend.
Imaging being able to play games using software rendering at over 60 FPS because your CPU is just that damn good
after 5 years price will be 800$
What about using dual CPU socket motherboard to run 2 new EPYC CPU. 🤔🤔
Pop 8 Tesla V100s and you've got yourself a killer Deep Learning box. The way I use my university's 160C/320T compute node is by training multiple independent CNNs and RNNs in parallel. The trick is to be able to automate experiments to fill out a given number of workers, around 20C/40T + 2 GPUs per simulation. I never use the entire thing for one experiment, but the virtualization available using a scheduler lets me light up the entire thing for weeks. I think I process somewhere in the 10s of billions of datum per week.
It could probably run games while calculatinh the graphics on the CPU
I'd like to see a challenge where a modern PC like this simply tries rendering older movies, like Toy Story or Shrek 1. I can imagine that with this little puppy, it could take only a few minutes or an hour tops while back in the day, it took days with a server farm.
What do you call that genre of music? reminds me of a fashion runway.
16 gamers (LTT staff) 1 PC
linus present the procesor - me- o god pls dont drop it
0:21 "Epyc Milaand"
my 3960x is obsolete now. Danke, Merkel.
Ok, run Folding@Home for the good of mankind
You computer must be the nerd of the electronic world...
I can still see the ‘limited by Mainthread’ on fs2020 with this cpu
Delid one of those?
M1 fanboys are punching the air right now
Apple should be worried
Scrapyard wars!
now wait until they slather some v-cache sauce on top of all those cores
CPUs are slowly becoming GPUs ..
70 dollars for a fking pillow you are fk crazy
70 bucks for a pillow
I think that 1 of the game benchmark tests should be how fast it can render full render distance in Minecraft with good shaders
I don't know how easily they can get away with it, but I wonder if they could bruteforce emulating modern console games entirely through software, or at least interpreters rather than recompilers. They probably don't scale as well with multiple cores as they would with single core performance, but I'm curious.  For example, Dolphin has the option to use a software renderer graphics backend AND use an interpreter to emulate the CPU, but there's obviously no reason to use those when hardware acceleration is thing
me with a Rysen 5 3600x  knowing that that cpu has more than 10x the amount of cores of mine
Put as many M.2 drives as the PCIe lanes will handle and raid 0 them all together to get crazy high transfer rates.
Enough for building firsts room in Matrix?
Something dropped at 6:34 c:
I would love to see an "X gamers, 1 PC" successor with one of these!
Sorry about what happened to your father.
I can't believe they didn't try Microsoft Flight Sim
But the real question is... Can you play Runescape with it?  But project ideas, none. My only thoughts on this is building my brother an amazing video editing rig for his work, but I'm poor, so that won't happen for years.
Remember when 256mb ram was alot? The xbox 360 and ps3 had 512mb of RAM, this is CACHE, never had the title of "HOLY $H!T" had a more apt product for show
Will it run crysis without gpu
I challenge u to build a pc WITHOUT any cables
was abt to ask *but can it run Crysis ?*
How is this called, when a person wears a beany in July?
“Size doesn’t matter” - Linus Sebastian 2021
_Put that thing against the Apple M1_
I'm most likely too Poor because I cannot hear audio... 😁
Epic!
Linus playing f1 2020 with a keyboard killed me on the inside
oh yeahhh
How about Ray trace simulation
I have always wondered how long it takes to render an entire 3D movie, or a short, frame by frame, and It'd be cool to see how long it would take those two bad bois
Next on LMG... 16 Gamers, 1 CPU.
"Cool idea for a project that you can use one of these bad boys for?"  How about running the largest minecraft server the world has ever seen?
Run Minecraft on it!
i have a cpu but i need a gpu pls
I have a cool suggestion:  The Einstein Toolkit has a tutorial on how to run a Binary Black Hole simulation: https://einsteintoolkit.org/gallery/bbh/index.html  The simulation in the tutorial was run on 16 Intel(R) Xeon(R) E5-2630 v3 CPUs (128 cores in total) and took about 101 GB of RAM.  It took the cluster about 3 days to finish the simulation.  It would be really cool to see how the 64C/128T Epic processor would do in this test scenario. LTT surely has access to 128 GB of ECC RAM. Personally, I think the Epic wins because in a cluster multiple CPUs have to communicate with each other and lose precious number crunching time. If we are only using one CPU and thus one computational node, the communication time between multiple nodes is gone.  On top of that, we have the large IPC increase of the new AMD processor.  Edit:  Remember the gravitational waves that were first detected by LIGO back in 2016? Well, this is the simulation of that very event (:
"Why make more RX 6900XT to sell for $1000 while we can make zen3 chiplet for $8000 EPYC cpus?" -AMD
The Beenie is sooo ODB 😂🤙
i’ll watch this again in 10 years when 64 cores is mid range
Linus: "Know what else is fast?"  Me: SEGUE  Linus: "The way I segue to our latest sponsor!"
NICE NOT IMPORTANT. Are you crazy
thread ripper so big that you can use it as a white board... 5:07
just try minecraft next time... it will bring that boy to its knees
BIOS has not been a thing for a very long time. Now computers run firmware or UEFI. Kindly stop referring it to BIOSes. You know better and should not promote incorrect use!
Sure it can play crisis, but can it play cities skylines on 3 speed.   Also please do a ridiculous build and play cities or anno on threade ripper, id live to see how much of a difference ot makes
Do a dual socket board with them
1:33 are you sure that’s what yoda says and not your wife 😂
9:45  strength to you the editor
Will he drop it?
You have to run Crysis on the CPU. 128 Cores might finally render in smoothly.
Holy sh!$ my annual salary is 3000$ 😂
Why is this not the new Ryzen Threadriper
The moment Your Realise The GPU Fan Was Not Spinning
Over 9000!!!!!!
I desperately wanna see this dual socket thing render a 3d game only in software. Linus you did a similar thing with a 64Core TR if I am not wrong!
How the hell did I end up on the Geek Squad side of youtube?? 🤔😴
32 gamers 1 cpu 😆
Mauj karadi bete !!!!!
with so many high preformance cores could you like, run a game on it? like rendering the game in software on the cpu?
Allready bored
Nasa's supercomputer : 👁👄👁
I like that they called it like an italian city  -An Italian
you need a refrigerator to be safe
Me: Wait I don't even have a computer
Still a little slow on the room render.  I'm waiting for it to render it in under 1 second at least.
A hackintosh.
Holy fan noise!
Shesh.
Alright, now if they would just release the TR Pro version...
pro
I’ll take it off your hands, thank you.
Try cooling it with this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3GKe7eXbPE
I wanted to see crysis CPU rendered, with the two EPYCS
Linus, give me the expensive crunmchy chip. Please ty.
my amd R3 2200g: nice
16Gamers 2 CPUs
Imagine hiding dislikes now
my favorite part about being poor is that i'll never see things like this in real life unless I goto landfill in 20 years
Build the ultimate roblox pc with it
2030: This CPU makes the world spin 2x faster !
Imagine 200 of these servers, all SCREAMING at the same time, running Folding@Home...
Wow. Ahhh am fine with my ps5 lmao
COol video Linus and team!!! good stuff, crazy expensive hahaha, I cannot afford but cool for u to try xD. I would subscribe twice if I could!!!!!
damn
That's not the fastest, the military will always have the fastest high Intel chips. Military is atleast 5-7 years ahead of computer tech.
Linus is truly excited. Love it!  AMD just getting warmed up! Intel eats AMD lunch again!
8x my pc
Minecraft server upgrade
size doesn't matter ;)
I want one of these so I can run my single modded minecraft server that only I play on.
Another episode of watching something I will never buy in my entire lifetime because it's so freaking expensive
Cool idea for a project.  Stopping a whole war with the noise from that machine in the end.
Still cheaper then buying a new graphics card lol
Well im faster and stronger
How much horsepower does your pc have…
WILL U JUST F’N SHAVE FFS
Aliens be like: Wait till u see what I have
5:49 ey wow, I wrote that template. 😂
1:20 "It's not a measuring contest".... But that's exactly what it is. 😁😁😁
20 times my pc ok...
Accidentally bought a 3950x thinking it was the top dog and only after it arrived did I realize that series 5000 existed. Pain.
$8000!!! That is 10x more then my whole pc!
@linus please do a video on the ultimate CSGO PC!!! Is there anything that can hit a 1000fps??
Use the server to create your own version of stadia and try it out
Make a benchmark using machine learning on just the processor, like a real big dataset, millions of millions, with the basic algorithms, like k neighbour or random forest, something like that.
Looks like it’s time to build the Compensator 4
TSK TSK! YES I AM!
Gonna check in my couch cushions and see if I have $8000
Love the dark mode
Need help getting that in 3:04 ? lol
do a hackintosh with those.
Wait didn't Linux already cover the AMD EPYC
Just posted a sneak peak review of it
Just posted a sneak peak review of it
The real question is... Is it on the Windows 11 compatible list?
But can it run Minecraft
We have done it. We have ran Crysis with only a cpu.
It's 50 C (122 F)  in Canada , Linus is wearing a beanie indoors !
But can it run Cr... nevermind.
Ima sell my kidneys brb
You know what i like about Linus' Segways? Exactly 2 taps to fast forward thru them 😁
Still shameful single-threaded performance compared to the rest.  Which still is more important for the vast majority of use cases.
My friend would buy this to play rocket league....
Dude my pc cant even run minecraft smoothly
How many 3080 or 3090 can you mine on before it crashes...... 6 or 8 breakout broads
Who has seen the new IPhone 13
99 % people here " What a beast processor , I will definitely buy it this night in my dream" . 😂😂😂
"Cool idea for a project that you can use one of these bad boys for?"  Setup your own Linus Tech Tips virtual cloud.
Try and make a stupid big minecraft server with over 100 thousand players with all that power
Bro im using intel core 2 duo to watch your video in 480p.
"Size not important" Yeh boy...
Fastest CPU on the planet? Do a video where it runs Dwarf Fortress.  See how many dwarves you can get before FPS death
I bet you I could still have it struggle to keep up with a premiere pro timeline...
Making me want to upgrade my threadripper 1950x real bad
where is ddr5? I want 8000mhz ram instead of 4000.
Linus really just used an Epyc CPU as a whiteboard. Wow
4:14 oh those bent pins...
Is the editor okay?
You should still try to reach the fastest overclock speed with the AMD 8350
:D
I have a 7551P and I play 20 year old games. I don't even need the 64 threads I have, but I want it.
Imagine almost spending $70 on a Pillow..
WHAT A 70 DOLLAR PILLOW
Just normally draws on an epyc cpu
2:26 - Man that's a lot of hurt packed into a single chart... for Intel
1 36 that's what  she said
How about revisiting 16k gaming?
I guess size actually does matter, imagine you are a heatspreader
Ahh, finally a CPU to run minecraft server for 50+ players,
Linus, lets see how well this mines Bitcoin
Hey I was wondering if I could get a free pc upgrade I need it pretty Bad just wondering hope you see it
I should actually buy thi- nvm
Welcome to another episode of "Stuff I'll never be able to afford". -_-
8k for a server cpu is pretty cheap, linus failed to mention that intel used to ask 13k for a cpu at one point. Also claiming its the fastest is kinda misleading, since the core clocks are pretty low. However it is the most powerfull. period.
Did someone say 1 LAN centre 1 CPU?
He didn't run cpu only rendering.  DISAPPOINTED!
I want to see the crazy people who will buy this instead of top CPU made for gaming, just to get a few more FPS out of that hahaha.
hmm, aren't quantum processors still considered a central processing unit, and much much faster? Like that one co-owned by NASA and google using the Dwave 2 processor
Amd casually re-inventing a gpu using a cpu :p
he drew on an almost 8K dollar cpu, HE DREW ON AN ALMOST 8k DOLLAR CPU BRO DOES HE HAVE THOUSANDS OF THESE OR SOMETHIN
Any core 2 dou users here 🤭 👇😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
since you have two i can have one of them right?
What no flight sim?! That game uses hella CPU.
I mean you gotta water cool it right?
Xeon -> trash bin. AMD rules :)
I'm curious how Star Citizen will run on this setup. Sounds like as it is right now, its performance is bottlenecked by a rendering thread ... As for a project for that setup - I'm thinking maybe for the streaming gaming services like Stadia, or even Steam streaming. Hm, but that might be dependent on the network bandwidth too ...
Yes guys, he's drawing on a $8000 cpu. That's Linus🥺
Even Crysis 2 still looks amazing!
Honestly watching someone play F1 2020 on a keyboard just feels weird
Love from Pakistan bro ❤️❤️❤️
Imagine if Linus bent a pin on it XD
Nice can you make a speed comparison video between this and last year Treadripper 3990x (64-core/128-tread)
every video, Linus makes my iMac seem worse and worse
I know i'm  not the only one who only understands what he is saying about gameplay of the games he is playing....   Lol.
Give us XMR Hash Numbers!
No for consumer market.
If someone showed this video to my 12 year old self that thought our brand new computer with a Pentium II running at 200mhz was bad ass, this would not even compute. I probably would have asked, well can it run Quake II?
and Linus dares to scribble on it.....
I'm pretty sure a decently large fluid mesh running in ANSYS Fluent would still bring this thing to it's knees, I'd love to see something like that. You'd really get to test the memory bandwidth as well
Man. Intel getting kicked while theyre down
Its really nice of these guys to act so chill despite being so worked up  I mean when i saw that "running yt business is easy" man i was like, these guys deserve more credit than they are given. Nice work LTT
Really though... I've never understood typical games (shooters, driving sims) being used for proc tests. You need something with a higher compute load, like a massive SimCity 4 mod file, or Skylines... something that isn't so graphically dependent.
I wanna see this thing on some LN2
I'd love for you guys to teach us how to setup our own NAS at home. Something that we can use as storage and also to host game servers and all that
I vote we use Crysis 1 in software rendering mode to benchmark these max core count Epyc CPUs. I'd like to see how this compares to last gen in that regard
10:44 cool cpu and all but why is linux holding a switch lite wireless controller
Use that server with 2 of them for a grandparent's web browsing and email computer.
1:40 Lmao he almost laugh after saying those words hahahaha
You could probably use this thing 20-30 years if you kept it in mint condition. A lot of tech gets outdated very quickly, but this would stay fresh forever.
make a LTT game streaming service
Xeon vs epyc 7763. epyc $H!T on it
That would be PERFECT for my computational chemistry research
I always thought from my experience that servers are made to run with high-temperatures for long periods of times.
Don’t know if it’s possible but if you use this as a low latency server for people to remote into for video editing what’s the performance like. The closest I can think of is when you guys showed the editing den in the new office tour/made the new storinator whannock server. Is it possible to have a more detailed video with that workflow?
E
Is the amd ryzen 5 3400g good and does it run fortnite over 100 FPS 😄
we need a threadripper rug right now.
wow you can almost buy a 3060 for the price of one of those!
Hook it to the LTT folding at home team and shoot to the top spot, haha
Bro linus’ segways are too smooth
Ah yes, Crysis 3, loved that game especially when you used the Skybox as a torture test back in those days
@Linus Tech Tips You were trying to install the ram backward as you was installing the last piece, and you still tried to push it down as you were talking XDXDXD (Time @ 3:00 to 3:06)  Now I rewatched it couple times cant tell if it was backwards on the hump in the middle of the slot or you just had the ram off to side to much but I'm Sticking with backward
Do the 200$ gaming pc ..
3:53 it baffles me how this isn't the norm for m.2 drives
uhlala gigachad cpu incoming
Yummy! How about some Epyc F-series vs Xeon W?
Use it as a server for Linus's Only Fans payment processing.  :-)
4:54 "Easy TM" Why trademark? What joke am I missing?
Watching this with amd a8-7680🥺
But can it run crysis?
Did Linus just say HUMMER with a CUMMINS swap! Yo! That made me like you even more than I already did Linus ha
Idea for ya linus, try getting a shed load of projectors, and gpus on one of these servers, and make a 360 degree gaming screen/room, with VR tracking.
Do 6 editors one server with that thing
Just for laughs what would this look like with watch dogs 2 and the extra details maxed out. from what i remember that was supposed to be heavily "cpu intensive"
What`s with that WAN show beanie? Is it new or old?
Linus feeling so hyped is gold
Should have tried Microsoft flight sim with the cpu!
10 Years later... YouTube: Recommend this video to me. Me with Ryzen 5 3600: Time to buy Ryzen 9 to get more core.
Yes Linus I hear you, I hear you, but. But.   Can it run windows 11?
People outside High Performance Computing does not need that! Who in this comment section simulates the LCDM model of the Universe? On the other hand, GTA V with proper physics simulation on car crashes would be nice! 😅😅
Aight, we selling this to xQC? Cr1tical? Some Minecraft streamer? Seriously, who'd buy this, other Ricegum and Jake Paul? Nobody needs THAT many cores for gaming, and that's quite a hefty price, so they'd have to be a top streamer. Unless, maybe you have a whole network of computers for a team, than I can see it. Or, maybe you have a lot of videos to store. But if not, you seriously don't need this.
$70USD for a small couch pillow HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  How much of a chump do you have to be to buy that
As an engineer who does mechanical simulations for a living i'd love to see a comparison between, for example, my R9 5950X vs this beast in a simulation (e.g. openFOAM)
WOOHOO! I AM GOD HERE! This is the PC you need...lolz
Meh this ain't nothing. Where's the 1024 cores 17GHz with DDR9 at 34GHz and GPUs with 1 million stream processors. 😴
I looked away for a moment at ltt store and looked back at 2:48 and dammmmn! That's some beefy heatsink....
Imagine mining Monero on this setup. Prob not worth the price, but quite an impressive hashrate I expect...
gaming on VM.... idiot !!!
"Cummins swapped hummer"  yes linus just said that.  Many folks have no idea what that means or how cool nearly any cummins swap would be.  Nice
Hey Linus, I had a thought for those Epycs. Mixed nested HyperVisors, how deep can you go?
5:09 I love how Linus just casually writes on a $8000 CPU with a sharpie, but then again, he spend a quarter million on alpaca wool.
Not the fastest if you're considering workloads that do not need a lot of cores....
Running two of those sounds like a PS4
OWO I LIVE IN MILAN
Sometimes it feels likes he is someone from Truman show. Advertisement placement.
Cinebench is a standard benchmark, but it’s still hard to use for comparison sometimes. It’d be cool to put together some “home rigs”, maybe a $1000 system and like a $2500 system, plus this server. Then have them all do the same real world task. Something like a Handbrake transcode or some other work task that’s common for people to do on their own PC.
Dang people fast love your videos tho
Play minecraft at max RTX and shader mods and see if it plays at 140fps
that thing is MASS IVVVVE! DAMN
maximize the Microsoft flight simulator experience
Fastest in the world? AMD!? 8,000 USD -_-
But can it run Windows 11?
It's going to take many years before the average enterprise will trust AMD. The price difference simply does not matter in the enterprise environment, even at 40.000 units it's pretty much a rounding error for the large enterprise.     What matters is how well it will work with the software and workflows that an enterprise already has in place, How fast AMD will fly in on site support, and how willing and effective AMD is in working with them to make stuff work reliably with 99,999% uptime.     They'll get there, but it'll take time.
"Size doesn't matter, performance does" 😜 -Linus
Linus: I have a $8000 CPU, also Linus: *begins to use white board marker on the pins of the CPU*
Cant wait to see what cpu's we will have when we reach our max power from technology
That server made me feel like someone was drilling into my head.
RIP Intel
The Size of your Hand show big your Epyc CPU is....?
I do have an idea for you guys. Come over to my apt. Run your tests and then accidentally leave mr. behind. 🥸
Technically not that fast
Render 8hrs ukainian wedding video challenge lol
By the way if you disable SMT your cpu speed should spike. For example on my liquid cooled TR 3990x with SMT disabled I can run all cores (64 cores) at 100% and still hit 4.4ghz.
Intel: Forget $5000 tech upgrades :(
The Fastest CPU? What about the CPU from Cerebras Systems with 400000Cores? And the even bigger one from them?
No Linus , we are all crazy enough to run it , not too many of us are baller enough for it though xd
Come on man... you know we just came here to see those Crysis frame rates 🤣🤣
OMG that m.2 retention thingy... fuck every mobo should have that! wtf!
Eyy i just upgraded my pc to 2 gb ram
arma fps??
hey linus. im an audio guy. coulda edited out the fan screaming before you turned off the computer lol
BUT CAN IT RUN CRYSIS??
Do  100k tnt in minecraft
CAN U HEAR ME NO I CANT
you better ask yoda's girlfriend first
Apple claims M1 is the fastest CPU on the planet.
Looking forward to seeing the virtualized lan party game server!!!! Also, how about a large netflix server with multi gpu acceleration and external nvme jbod? 😈
Right but how many TNTs can you blow up in Minecraft before the game lags. That’s a test you should have.
And I thought that I'm Chad with my 5950x PepeHands
💯🤏waiting for waiting for windows 11. So costly 💩😫
Id love to see how many npcs on uebs it would take to crash on this cpu or if the gpu would give out first
Try most powerful game
You need a video comparing Windows 10 to the insider version of Windows 11
"How's it going" gets me every time! 😂
So are we all just gonna skip over that RAM fail? rofl
Epyc price too! 👍😁
Wonder if it can run arma at 30fps
Eyo what type of flex is that to write on a cpu that is 10x expensive than my pc. Oh my...
Me: cant afford a good pc Linus: draws on a 8000$ cpu with a permanent marker
you know it’s fast when it spells out epic
Where did I ask for a sponsor?
Eight. *Þousand* Dollars!
that litterally costs more than 8 times my pc wtffff
Wonder what the "TDP" of a 96 or 128-core EPYC CPU  would be
I think you mean, "The Fastest CPU available to the public"
Nothing beats my dual E5 2678 v3 setup!!! 🙃
I’ll let that civic comment slide cuz I’m sure you meant a stock civic but a civic with a laptop is something you don’t wanna try to race
next time wear ear protection please :D and put a high pass filter in video post xD
I just imagined a 1000 watt threadripper
So AMD's plan is cracked. See what Intel launches. Produce something more powerful than it and price it just in the same range and yes, try the best not to change the socket.
When teams starts up that will kill it.
and guys what do u do with the all the pcs u make since am sure u do not use all of them
Finally, i can play late game hoi4
Try testing using MSFS2020 in VR. Nothing pulls that in max settings, when you fly over large cities.
I Came here for cinebench numbers lol Ridiculous.
That fan at the end sounds like the whole rig is about to take off.
I guess the Intel sponsorships are over now ...
What's the stability on these? Anyone used multi for years?
Goes on eBay and looks for one. Lol!
I enjoy the sound of the fans near the end. It makes things seem more like we do things. Less sterile office made for broadcast.
my cpu is i5-750 and runs at 150 degrees
It will make an ultra realistic flight simulator... Especially if youre flying old C5 galaxy...
CaN iT RuN CrYsIs?
We'll have Ryzen threadrippers one comeing out soon... Probably in a few months.
My suggestion for a project you can do with one of these: Equipping me with a 64-core CPU. :D
TR3995WX is better and more cheap
But can it run Crysis without a GPU?
I think it's time to make a cluster of them and use them with cpu rendering like the time you ran Crysis on threadripper
take the fastest CPU out there ......and OVERCLOCK!!!!!
Where does he get these GPU’s😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Ok, nice CPU that no one of your average viewers will ever have the money to buy. Now show Madison more!
Wish they would bail on the mega over used "ZEN" everything. So tacky now.
But can it run Arma 3?
Apex is FPS locked, you need to unlock it before benching anything with it
My setup is 800$ lol
Me: Looks at my Intel n3610 Intel: sorry Me: awwwwww (wipes tears)
if it's anything like AMD's other CPU's it's probably drawing 900volt and has the heat equivalent of an industrial iron smelter
Me who uses intel Pentium core two duo 👁️👄👁️
Shouldn't the Cerebra CPU be more powerful?   Also, should have run Crysis on CPU render.
Playing around with $16k worth of cpus
Yeah that’s cool in all but can it run Oregon trail?
Dedicated LTT stream platform?
you using cycles render or evee?
Lol and m'y laptop can't even open Word without lagging
AMD EPIK SOON?
The best,greatest,purest youtuber ever
The purr of those fans is music to my ears
but can it run crysis
btw, apex is limited to 144 fps on an engine level, not really useful for a benchmark
Do another 100k build pc
Wow.
Yay Wendell
The most amazing thing in this video is that  M.2 clip. 😍🤯
unlock apex fps with: +fps_max 0
Where is Cyberpunk 2077 test?  Maybe you should try to mine Monero XMR with this 2 CPUs?
Linus: You know what else is fast? Me: Skipping the ad
Run some deep neural network models on them. Like possibly some molecule simulations or protein compiling!
I would love for GPT-J to run on this compared to an actual GPU
I need a good Desktop pc why? My my Laptop is kinda very old and some only 2 core's and a AMD radeon ati mobility 3650 hd ist is on max 50 Celsius
That has as many cores as i wish my pc had storage in gigabytes
Can I play RuneScape with it?
Where is Cinebench R20?
what about a super computer cpu or even a quantum computer cpu that would be the fastest x86 based 64bit processor but maybe
Listens intently...  *sad intel noises in distance*
"Yeah... we got one"
Drawing on a 8k cpu with marker weird flex but ok linus...
LINUS RICH TIPS - IT NEVER FREAKING ENDS!!!! id much rather see really high end gaming rigs people can build! NOT SERVERS AND STUFF THE AVERAGE CONSUMER DOES NOT BUY OR BUILD
Boost clocks of 3.1ghz sounded kind of lame, until I realized that's what my old i5-2400 boosts to(and that's only 4core/4 thread and massively worse ipc). It really is time for a new pc  :/
Can I use it for music production? I'm using a 5950x and Cubase 11 on Win 10 and could always do with more power!
"Size doesn't matter, only the performance"  Yep, we all gotta tell ourselves something
8:00 "our maximum temp is just 70 degrees!"  Me, using an old prebuilt case for my 7 3700x: 98, take it or leave it.
But can it run windows 11?
play games jast on cpu cors
Very good f1 2020 with keyboard
But can it run a 1000-star-system Stellaris game?
Id love to play beamng drive on it because it loves to eat cpu performance and tests Single core and multicore
ddr5 ram video when?
Superb
crypto mining? the only contender I see which can disappoint this beast when it comes to "rendering value"
AMD cores go brrr.
Can you do a drop test on both CPUs and see which one survives? Something I never seen any tech tuber do.
Can you make a pc fly with these fans? Like actually fly!
Fastest CPU on the Planet? Can it run Windows 11?
what do you guys think will be the next double or triple speed jump?
most teen are used to their mom vacuuming wile they play games, don't think they notice the noise from the blowers
And when I thought my 10 core i9 was good.
Can't wait to get 2 of those to compile Gentoo
Honestly surprised it can game as well as it does. Most games rely very heavily on clock speed and single threaded performance which is the exact opposite of what server cpus are designed to be good at
But, Linus, can it run Windows 11? :D
128 cores with a single-threaded OS Tick tock Microsoft
Pricest CPU on the planet!
Static shock and it’s dead. :( that would be so terrible
This video was awesome haha. Please could you stop using Single player modes in Multiplayer games as a benchmark for FPS in those games. Playing against bots in CS:GO does not show what true performance you'll get in a online match, and this is the same with playing in the shooting range in Apex Legend compared to an online match.
Would be nice to see this beast at work on 128 Folding@home projects all at once
Run Android studio 😅😅😅 it make your system sweat
No it's not, its the fastest cpu they let you have
I’m curious as to how that would perform Folding@Home.
Can it run GTA V though?
The cache changes in Zen3 really helped gaming, but that's a HUGE help in server workloads, where jobs will change from one core to another frequently, and if the data is already in the local l3 cache, it helps a lot.  With the Zen2 architecture, the cache misses when a thread changed cores was fairly frequent, causing more data to be retrieved from main memory, but Zen3 avoids that far more frequently by having more cores per L3 chunk.
insane, how long until we see 128 cores?
1:35 *cough cough*                                              that's what she said
Cool. You guys should try out Renderman w blender now that's it's available.
5:07 Can… can you just draw on a processor like that???
If you  want to use it for the gaming lounge please set it to 6 cores per system giving you 10 systems and 4 cores extra for the host :)
I wonder if this PC could handle more than 5 seasons in Football Manager without exploding as every other CPU.
Run folding at home on it, I'd love to see the scores it can produce
Seems like it can handle Chrome tabs ... Lets be optimistic
Linus, come on,  to the very least put Wendell's Youtube link in the info...cool vid BTW...he deserves a lot more subscribers than he has
Why would anyone wear a sock on their head in summer? Inside?
You can test the server to see how it performs on cyberpunk 2077 at 8k.
But can it run crisis?
how does it compare with the overhyped M1
This thing can render cyberpunk in software. Do it.
Try chia plotting with madmax
Use this cpu for cpu mining.
1:15 thats what she said
Can I have it
Well I am ready to play some Minesweeper :).
Please Linus, dont drop it
I would say 'X Gamers 1 CPU" but there's a problem with GPU availability goin on...
but will it blend ?
*cries in Intel Celeron*
So, better than Intel and cheaper... shouldn't intel be going back at being competitive at this point? I mean, how many more years are they just going to let AMD beat the crap out of them like that?
1:20 Today I learned that Linus wants to give you a bigger one
HOI4 Late-Game breathing intensifies
@TenZ
A hummer with a CUMMINS SWAP? I have never even heard of that. There is a Duramax, but cummins?
Gaming on this is irrelevant.  Threadripper is more likely to be gamed on.
I love it when I see Apex Legends in these tech reviews, even though I can't play it no more cuz my 4 years old gtx 1070 died ;-;
Finally I need 128 lanes,   (Sarcasm for really wanting that cpu).  How fun would that cpu be?? Much
Well yeah naturally you have to play vidjya gamess to test it 😂 So Can It Run Crysis? It made Crysis Cry nuff said.
Do a rtx 8000 review
Goes quite nicely into 32 dual-core systems. Entire school class’ IT needs in one machine? Why buy 32 cheap Celeron laptops when you can buy one huge server and run everyone at once on it?
Damn Linus knows about the Cummins swap
in 10 years this will probably look pathetic
Babbage had a bigger one.
Wait a minute. First tell me. Wheres the last epyc cpu chilled video that u promised??? Are u going to chill this cpu??
6:13 i heard the sus word
Imagine buying this cpu only for gaming and than game lags
Nice and early
16 gamers 1 CPU? . . . . Edit: Just saw the part where Linus says it in the video. lmao
Run Crysis of the CPU only, no GPU. ;)
Installing a 8k CPU.....plugs the $60 cushion by throwing it at Linus with the gear right next to him... Just another day at LTT hehehehe
not trying to let the cpu do the video output?
Yea right data centers upgrading to this ...  most of those  probably  run on   Amd Athlon or some other shtuff
I love the $ in HOLY $HIT, very poetic
So i just witnessed a murder 😂 rip intel xeons
1:30 "Size vs Stamina"                            -Johnny Sins
Ahhh cerebras processors are faster right?
Try that CPU in a mini itx case with a 3090?
Slowest*
How about you try and catch a computer on fire?
Nah my iPhone is the fastest
An entire school running on epic cpu only
I remember my job had an old server they were throwing out. I thought it was cool and took it home. Plugged it in and thought I had started a jet engine.
Minecraft 1024 chunks
Don't download Honey, Download Microsoft Edge - This already has a coupon finding extension by DEFAULT
me with a 2005 AMD barely working 2 core athlon : (:mmmmm.... that seems fast:)
Fastest??? Wait a week or so
It's not size. It's performance.    That what she said
11:37 holy hell we were all so young and innocent in the heady days of 2019
WHY IS HE DRAWING WITH MARKER ON THE CPU
Can we just take a moment to appreciate that beautiful green professional motherboard. We get way too many black masked gamer boards around here.
_$8,000 for a CPU_ I see.  _$70 for a pillow_ Lol fk no you're insane!
Can it run Windows 11?
Btw, that CPU is worth more than my entire gaming room.
I want a hummer with a Cummins swap.
Linus : runs high gaming and blender on pc  Me looks at my Amd My Amd 2200g : Don't even think about that u fkn ......
Who cares how fast it is if there aren't any games or programs to take advantage of it. You're just throwing money out the window unless you're buying it for NASA or something.
1:40 "Size doesn't matter, Performance does"- Linus Sebastian
Corona renderer benchmark pleeeeeeeeease!
Mind logging into my boinc/wcg while you not using this beast? I'm on the verge of reaching 10m points....
Did Linus just draw on a $8,000 cpu?
That CPU is worth more than my car
It'd be cool to know what the video rendering performance is like, on Premiere, DaVinci Resolve, and a standalone ingest server.
Play Minecraft on these bad bois with the highest render distance possible with the highest shaders possible for rtx 3090
Open a cyber café and spoil everyone as they use this🙂
Now over clock cooling with nitrogen
That's like 10 times more expensive than my 1660 ryzen 5 2600 16 gb ram gaming rig
YouTuber: yea this game is very good optimized Their PC:
I could buy an entire gaming pc + dual monitors + Herman Miller embody chair for less than that
Project idea: The biggest Raid of hdds
i just ordered mine cant wait :)
3:48 you have those insane delta fans so why not use them?
Everytime I see Linus in that hat I think they're going to hook up electrodes and scan his brain waves
Look at how badly Windows bottlenecks that CPU. lol
Size may not matter but surface area definitely matters.
The only logical next step for you guys is to create your own benchmarking software that you distribute for free with no edits between your version and the live version.
Everytime I see Linus in that hat I think they're going to hook up electrodes and scan his brain waves
8k CPU, drawing on it with a marker. Just Linus does this. I mean yeah, it's no problem to do that, but...was anyway hilarious. xD
Meanwhile on my over heating 8th gen i5 gaming laptop....
Now run The elder scrolls 4 oblivion. lol
Will it run Crysis ? Above 60fps?  😂
I’ve said this before but I’ll say it again. You don’t have to say -segue- when doing a segue….
i mean... apex legends is limited to 144 fps by default. +fps_max 0 start option will fix that. just for the next game benchmark youre doin
M$: gonna need to upgrade that to run W11.
When a CPU have more processing power than your brain
Okay that cinebench run was amazing.
Minecraft
It's only $8000
Who would even buy this?
I think Linus wants to be alone with this CPU..... Oh wwait he is lol
Do it Linus, drop it. Drop the fastest CPU. Do it again.
Project - How many usable computers can you virtualize on one of those? What I would like to see:  Win11 Win10 Win8 Win7  MacOS Monterey MacOS Big Sur MacOS Catalina MacOS Mojave Linux Distro Haiku (BeOS) ChromeOS ArcaOS (PS/2) ReactOS (Windows Server 2003) FreeDOS OpenIndiana (SunOS)  All 15 running at once as virtual machines, all doing usable work.
The stormy balloon morally offer because windshield multivariately tick up a phobic trick. psychotic, accidental attack
Linus daddy😳😳😳
max out some chia farming
Linus, threadripper isn't a pillow, it's a mattress.
That chip will be in every 10-year-old's PlayStation in ten years. Not impressed.
project idea: run Crysis again. But this time software render it from CPU!
Amd: we have zen 4 128 core cpu Intel: you meant threads?  Amd: ...... Intel: holy shit
Cries in Pentium 4 quad core processor*
Should set up LAN party seats for LTX for people who don't want to bring their own PC...  16 gamers one PC
i would overclock it anyways
Yes, we've got 2 of them!
too bad linus didn't do the software rendering test with crysis 1
Dude casually use a marker on a 8000 dollars cpu lol.
yall need to benchtest Destiny 2 for some of us gamers
I would like to see if you can set a worldrecord in y-cruncher. And in what time it is possible
yoo my cpu has 2 cores
Wendell :D Level1Techs is great
8000$ is like 4x times the cost of the   pc im saving for
So this is the pc that buys out all the RTX 3060 when they restock in only. 0.4 seconds   Nice.
Those fans mad me feel sleepy lol 😅😅
use these in a minecraft server guys ask linus to pin this
Remember when Linus Played Crisis using cpu rendering only on a much earlier gen cpu. Imagine with it now
He didn't go for our "MiLAN Center"  Disappointing
use it to play your entire Steam library at once
Linus: you know what else is fast? me: how fast I skip through the segway
Welp I will never get this but I do like watching linus playing with 8k cpu
I want one, even though I only game xD
Where the hell is Brian
aw man, I wanted to see Crysis rendered in software
Linus - *pumps arms up and down as fast as possible holding an $8000 CPU*  Wouldn't be an LTT video without it
dude buy an escort for 800 dolars
i wanna see a water cooled server
_"Cool idea for a project that you can use one of these bad boys for?"_  Assisting scientists and doctors with simulations for finding a cure for cancer.   "With great power comes great responsibility." 😉
That dell rep is such a fast trigger for me lol
What's the RAM Density?  Does it affect it the same as the laptop reviews?
This channel should have a discord server
imagine a 64 core cpu cant give more than 60 fps at crysis 3 on 4k which is a 8 year old game if they were right on the market right now with crysis 4 i think gaming companies would have to make a 128 coe or a 256 core cpu to run the game at 4k 60 fps again crysis will go ahead of time like they did in the past when you have to think when youre buying a pc can it run crysis?? lol....
so, like often I will click away when you get to the final sponsor. I know, I know, I am not the best person. However when it seemed like you were going to commit to delivering the lines over the sound of the server, it made me stay. XD
How many pc's can it run. Time for one CPU's multiple pc's build.
But can it run Windows 11?!
12 seconds for that cinabench render. If we wanted a frame 60 times per second, we would need 720 times greater performance. And according to Moore's law, that should only take us another 18 years. Wow :D
that sound of turbo jet engine lmao
SPEED IS KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imagine in the future that computers are so fast that it can't be any faster than it self
Linus: "This is the fastest CPU on the planet" Cerebras: "Am I a joke to you?"
You should run a heavy Ansys simulation on it.
4:16 there's a few bent pins on there.... Was it dropped off camera?!
Came for Crysis software mode. Left disappointed :(
epyc is efuse trash
Love your contents Keep it up 😉
wow that would be pretty cool virtual machine fjksdgojidfg
Beamng drive uses CPU cores to populate ai traffic and how much is spawned in an area... You should try it on there
But can it run crisis?
Can't wait to see this video again in 2031. 😊
Should've tried opening *SOO MANY* Chrome tabs!
Can I have a PC?
Run Crysis 3 with software rendering on this
thanks wendell :)
miss the chance to say "Let's take *a peek* "
dat "hey" at the end of intro hahahaha EPYC!
reminder to watch video in 2160p because linus is good boi and records his videos in 2160p
Why m i here, why do i like it while i m jobless 🤣
Ok how about single thread score?
This is what my proteomics dreams are made of. Sadly, my proteomics faculty has closer to 5600x budgets.
AMD EPYC: *_I am speed._* Intel: *_REEEEEEEEEE!!!_*
Run a game off it, let the CPUs do all the work
So how (un)playable is this with software-based DXR ?
I send this over to my boss to get me one of these 😊
Linus playing Apex nani?
1:35~ No please, don't give me hope.
Wouldn't it be funny that the next time he tries to sponsor ifixit jaystwocentz add plays instead
I want it so bad. I don't need it, but I want it lol
Linus: this cost 8000$ Also Linus: uses a sharpie on the processor  to prove a point.
So when us Apes finally go past the moon, we're all buying this cpu?
Amd copy apple
i was waiting for linus to drop the cpu
I'm glad you guys included F1. But no Flight Sim? Opportunity missed
"You know what else is fast..?" The speed in which I accurately skip the sponsor!
Is there a blender render of a fender bender?
Try mining Monero
but can it play minecraft?
My Nintendo had 64 cores like 15 years ago Linus
Where is the Crysis 1 with a software render?
Gonna need online school to continue and convince mom to buy me this instead of her 10th prada
gaming machine for the home and everyone!!!
Not going to lie was waiting for flight simulator to be tested 🤣
This is the fastest (consumer grade) CPU on the planet. They keep all the really good tech in a hole somewhere not to be seen by us for another few decades. Private military contractors have the best hardware on/in the planet.
As a ghz slave I'm not impressed...
But can it run big Roblox games?
Watching even I can't even afford a 4gb ram stick.
Hmm... How about "can it run Crysis with CPU only?"
still won't run windows 11
The flashback from dell sales representative XD
a giveaway???
nice
You should use it as a crypto miner
It's just me or this intro was some milliseconds long?
Does it have thunderbolt?
I bet Vista could bring it down to its knees
To be fair, it's a bit like saying you want to go crabbing in a 12 foot tinny and turning up in the USS Enterprise. Yes, alright, it does have eighty five thousand hp and it can get a 1,100 foot aircraft carrier to about 33 knots. But you're not going to tow it behind your Datto 120Y or launch it single handed or get it into the creek where your pots are. It's huge and impressive but it's completely impossible impractical to use for your normal daily boat. It does very much have its uses, it is very well made and very good at what it does, but it's not a replacement for your old 12 footer. It's a completely different class of animal. Yes, it can play Crysis.... Yes, I could browse the net and keep a watch on my pwn-sites with it, but... 16 cores and 32 threads would do that for me perfectly. Add a 2TB M.2 drive, and it'd be as fast as my network connection would let it be. Put that another way - if I had 50 billion $ in the bank and I could buy Brazil one afternoon for laughs, I still wouldn't buy a top line EPYC to use as a personal computer. I might under those conditions be able to spend $20k on my own personal computing (separate to buying new desktops and laptops and phones and fondle-slabs for about 50 people in my immediate family) but for my own use, a high end laptop and high end desktop and ...
yeah... yeah.. yeah... you say that every couple of months
Nobody's gonna say anything about the smashed motherboard header pins in the corner at 4:15 ?
The ting goes skrrraaa......
Intel be like: "You weren't suppose to do that"
you know what's even faster? me pressing the right arrow key.
I think we are getting to a point where we have too many cores. That is not good as lazy programmers will just increase the specs without any code optimization. This will deprecate faster everything else.
sussy baka owo
Could having the gpu further from the cpu in this build potentially slow things down very slightly due to needing longer traces in the motherboard to get the information to and from that far socket compared to the closer one?
Edit 32K video with this
can you make budget cpu pillow?
ahh your drawing on the cpu ahhhh it hurts me
Linus we wanna see Windows 11 Insider Preview benching this CPU asap.
I wonder how does it perform with flight simulator? 🤔
M1
That server sounds like a plane
off topic. When is the "Segway Ninebot Gokart PRO" on Channel Super Fun coming up ?
Scrapyard wars but you start with that CPU.
Oohh ohh 💕魔法✨回復☺️パワー
So . . . Can I put a supercharger on it? Will it get track times of less than 3 seconds? Lol, I made this comment prior to that drag strip part of this video.... Forshadow much?
Still, there cant be anything more iconic then intel core i9 10900k with nvidia geforce rtx 3090, no matter how powerful amd cpus get
Linus wife know's what's faster than this cpu
How come Wendell is getting this stuff straight from AMD, but not Linus? We might need to dig deeper
Why do I feel like my ryzen 5900x is so irrelevant now?
I only need GPU, but I don't have enough money... I wan't at least GTX 1660 S
I love both of you guys channels. It's great seeing you two in the same vid.
Hey Linus, u should match this beast of a CPU with the fanless build fone by DIY Perks... It should be awesome....
We have two of them. Of course, just in case he drops one, before finishing the video 😀😀😀
I would say wait for the 5000 threadripper “pro” then split that to 6 VMs with single slot asus ekwb 3090 without any riser
Linus, get a wheel and show what you can actually do!  Also, can you beat a 1:12:790 lap on Sao Pualo with only TC enabled?
Wanan know what's faster? ME! Skipping your sponsor segway.
that is one epyc cpu
The rambunctious spear naturally fill because feather connolly support atop a helpful support. cruel, utopian step-son
For the love of God, turn off that tv behind you. You don't know about global worming? Pls... do it for the children...
This server is pretty quiet.  Hits button remotely. Server: So you have chosen deaf.
BeamNG Drive would run perfect on it especially with traffic enabled that even set to 30+ traffic cars would still run perfectly. A good test there.
Thumbs up for Sarah. I don't know why but I love every video she is in. And not in a creepy way!
should just start folding, and watch the projects tic by real time.
The Wendell bit was funnier than it should've been 🤣
Just stop with the masks. you guys look like uber fools FR
linus: this is the fastest cpu on the planet military technology: thats cute
Are any gamers using this type of cpu? Its big as f........ maybe the bigest cpu i ever seen. While me with my i7 4770 that windows 11 does not suport.(
linus, apex legends has built-in fps limiter to 144. you need launch commands to bypass that if not aware.
that cpu is faster than my gpu lol
They make them bigger to allow more heat transfer area, right?
You can unlock the fps in APEX. I'm not sure it will use more than 8 cores but it eats my cores
So its definitely official: Intel is losing. They losing on the desktop front, and now they are losing on the server front. Sad part is, it will take them another two years(for development cycle reasons) to respond to this Epyc chip...
1:17 More surface area for better heat dissipation?
lol i want it XD i want to host game servers on it it would be overkill but I still want XD. but my budget is 1000 aud I'm at 4m I hope they try to game on the cpu with no gpu XD
ok
Make a new kray supercomputer with those bad boys
Is it to much to ask for an 69core cpu? This would be nice…
It would be nice if you could compare it to the A64FX... or maybe an Ampere Altra
Apex 144 frames -ok maxed out at 4k -wtf
32 gamers 1 cpu
hello can in send  package to you to build my pc
Great. So...     Does it run Crysis??
70$$ !?!?For a cpu pillow…. Ima go ahead and buy it
"Virtualized Gaming" is dead... Most anti cheats ban people when playing their games in a VM. What's the point :\
Why is everybody pronouncing like "Mulan"?
You need to play badly optimized games like heroes and generals .If that game runs smoothly I'm gonna be impressed.
I wish I could travel into the future and bring back super awesome tech. I would also want to try and hook up with the producers of it all and bring them back all the information on how to produce it so I could help tech advance way quicker.
okay Linus, now show us the slowest CPU on the planet.
you can put in command line arguments to raise the fps cap in apex i get 190fps on a 2060
prob still wont be able to meet windows 11 specs....
please run a minecraft server on it
Ah yes, a cpu more expensive than :  * Takes a deep breath *  My ENTIRE SETUP  My phones  My console My TV My bed  My sofa  My car  My 55" 4k TV  All of my electronics  All of the tables in my home  My second car  My oven  My dishwasher  My fridge  And my freaking life   So I guess that CPU can bring a waifu to life ? Because at this price it better run games at 365k 8000 fps
I think you guys should try and turn a ATX motherboard into an ITX and make a computer build from it lol
"Yoda" is a strange nickname for your wife........
Threadripper by name threadripper by nature
2:58 <3
You have the hardware, and the network capabilities, so... Why don't you upload your videos on 60fps?
It goes Ricky Bobby fast.
Linus: "this cpu is 8000USD!!!!" also Linus: casually draws on it's IHS with a sharpie like its a piece of paper.
At this point you can lunch a rocket
Let it crunch Folding@Home 24/7
Linus : Size doesn't matter performance matter a lot  Me: 😚😇🤑🤑🥳🥳🥳  😳😁😁😁
64 cores 🥵🥵 and 128 threads😳😳😳😳😳
Lol i have the same process to be exact 3.125% of it
Hi Linus, would love to see how well it works to put a server like this in your data center, and use Windows Remote Desktop to remote into it with something like the 17" LG Gram (i.e. no discrete graphics) and ummm... something with discrete graphics (perhaps a Razor 17in)?  The idea here would be a combination of having a HUGE amount of simulation capability for 3D modelling, but while having the security of having all your models and data safely locked down in your data center (or office) rather than freely out in the world on a laptop.  Basically, the expensive hardware in the office, and "disposable" inexpensive laptops with little to no data on them in the field.
if it's available, you can rest assured. I'm buying it.
Idk, use it for that failure of a minecraft server.
Come on Linus you could have useda Austin Powers joke near the beginning heh
"fastest CPU" Nah. Apple M1 SoC at 3.2GHz, one core performs like one from Ryzen 9 5950X or Core i9 at 5GHz and the Apple M1 has integrated graphics and doesn't need a fan, has less than 10 times the power consumption of a Ryzen or Core, less than 100 times the power consumption of EPYC.  The EPYC, Threadripper with Xeons are like overpriced Bulldozer chips.
0:26 *EPYC* flex...!
What is going on at AMD? Why do they kick someone that is already laying down. That is what I love about AMD they don't settle like Intel did :)
How do they compare with apples M1 that would bea really cool video. As stupid as it sounds lol.
Can this CPU be optimal for a machine that would run only for CFD simulations? It would be nice to see some benchmarks on more operational tasks than games!
Okay, this is epyc
"The Fastest CPU on the planet" ok but can it handle a minecraft server?
"It's not about being good at the game, its about having good computer to run the game" - Linus Sebastian, 2021.
10 Years ago: Server CPU's suck at gaming, don't get one. 2021: Server CPU? Gaming? Hell yea! (if you have a spare kidney)
AMD is just flexing right now
if they would have added 5 more cores to the cpu, intel would not have a chance even in a million year
skills dont matter haveing a great pc to run it matters
This thing crushes. (My hope to get this thing too. Pricey stuffs)
Imma1st. ™
LINUS HIIII
I'm glad to see Crysis 3 making a return. I'd love to see you using those CPUs to render Crysis 1 without a GPU again
Did I just watch Linus use a $8,000 cpu as a whiteboard
Linus: Mom can we get this whiteboard? Mom: No linus we have the 8,000$ USD Cpu for you to use at home 5:45
Something to use an epic processor for... Hosting 1 Minecraft server with 100,000 players using Tuinity? I think that server jar uses 1 thread per player.
Man, it hurts my eyes to see expensive, high-end CPUs installed without wearing basic ESD protection. It's my least favorite part of "we're cool gamers and we know computers"
its a server chip who gives a shit  when  I think  server chip I think load capacity  across lots of lanes  speed doesn't matter    all that much
Can it run minecraft vr with max graphics?
Petition for Linus to make a massive GPU body pillow
F1 2020, lawnmower edition 😂😂🤣🤣
But.....can it run Crysis?
I want to see u to blow 1 million tnt in minecraft and see how it performs.Its gonna test the power of epyc milan.
I have 4 threads :)
Epyc CPUs are beating the Xeons while they are 2 Kilometres down at the earth's crust at this point.
Another video, another day of Linus roasting intel 😂
How well would that crush the grid program to stop covid-19?
Is it bad that I still prefer Intel over AMD
Game on it while you are 3d rendering.
ab hum wo AMD nahi hai jo libir libir kiya karte the ab humko chahiye full ijjat !!
you know what else is fast....the way i click thru your segway :P
Run crysis in software rendering mode CF: the threadripper rendering crysis ;)
$8000 cpu dryerace bore all the same  lol
In 7 years, the power of this cpu will probably be in your smart watch or something
This is the fastest viewed video on yt
I was so happy to have a R7 5800H thinking that Cpu was somewhat powerful
So unnecessary
16 gamers ONE CPU KREYGASM
Windows 11: Finally a competitor our battle would be legendary 🤣
It's a little disingenuous to ignore the fact that intel can do up to 8 sockets / board when comparing platforms.
Me starring at my 5950x well buddy I still care about you
Kinda disappointed we didnt get to see some software rendered gaming. Would love to see what kind of performance games can get running just on these CPUs. Still and awesome video tho
Where the apple fans they said m1 chip was the fastest
"It costs $8000" - Who the hell thought it would be a good idea to let Linus hold it?
god forbid crypto ever reaches CPUs because these things will cost more than a camero
I think Linus dropped cpu off camera
Why aren't GPU fans spinning?
*fastest x86
AMD LETSGOOOO
How many fps in football manager?
I can feel how happy he is having 2 of those cpu
Flashback to when Linus absolutely destroyed a 10,000 dollar intel cpu a few years back
Make it run crysis without a gpu like the previous gen
you know what else is fast ? the speed at which I skip forward your Segways.. 😂
Size is not matters .  performance what is matter. Well stayed linus. 😂👏
Linus, what would you do if your child bought a MAC?
I love watching ltt videos on stuff I could never afford.
Linus: this is a really quiet server  Server: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
When you run Minecraft with shaders in your core i3 and 4GB RAM PC : 10:22
Cant wait for someone to do chilled water cooling loop on that thing and break some records.
*cough cough* _insert "but can it play FS20"_
Getting some gay vibes from Linus on this one.
That RAM install at 3:06 lmao.
But do they support TPM...
Either somebody is really insecure or  they packing some meat in the writing department  given all the dick references lately 🤔😂
My I5-4570 😕
RAM 3:06
Size doesn't matter technic does
Now play Crysis with 2x7763 with CPU render.
"Hummer with the cummins swap" shows a H1 with a Duramax swap :D still thanks for the diesel reference, you tried haha
HMMM I feel like I scored a 58,000 on Cinebench with my Threadripper 3990x and that was with air cooling only, on performance mode. Never goes above 50C also paired with a RTX 3090.
What I'd like to see is them set this computer up with that honking passive cooler with a lower speed fan attached to. See if they can get higher performance without the loud whine.
Cyberpunk at 8k?
where's the wendell video?
Record heatwave = time for a winter hat SMH
You just Osbourne effect your ltt pillows!
2057 called. They want their low end phone cpu back.
You really need to make GPU body pillow and motherboard blankets to go with the CPU pillows
When are they gonna make modern-style server mobos!!!!!
70 degrees???    my laptop running on 85
and me with i3 5 series
He just casually draws on a $3000 CPU and WITH  A SHARPIE
Actually, it's the fastest KNOWN CPU. Who knows what stuff's hidden from the public eyes...
I literally can hear Intel screaming like "no........ ...... ..... .... ... " In the background.
Oracle is drooling to sell you a license for those 2 CPUs and all their cores.
I like how the epic equals at least 2 of my PCs only in watt usage
Those pcie lanes could be used for a hyperfast nvme server, ASRock has mobo with 7 x16 lanes, in which we can plug those asus pcie cards that convert one x16 pcie lane to 4 m.2 x4 lanes, so theoretically we could connect 28 nvmes in raid or 26(2 using onboard) nvmes + a high bandwidth network card
Hackintosh!?!?
Should have tried Flight Sim on it!
overclocking a threadriper with 64cores yea spicy +500W
UNLIMITED POWAAAH
Beamng will test nearly any computer on some maps that would be a good benchmark game
64 cores, then Terabytes of Ram.....
🤔🤔🤔 For NOW...THREE YEARS IT'LL BE PRETTY MUCH BE BASIC...
One of the things I'd love to see you cover is a power consumption comparison between this and Intel's offerings, if you can get hold of the hardware to do so. A major reason we're seeing a switch towards AMD in the server market is that density and power are major ongoing costs. The power itself costs money, but it also increases the demand on UPS and thermal management systems, making it a triple-whammy - you know all this already. The density improvement here is obvious, and the power improvement /seems/ obvious in terms of the ratio between the marketed TDPs and the core count, but the practical power consumption of a chip under multi-threaded work loads (e.g. VM hosting, Kubernetes, compilation & CI/CD infrastructure, OpenWhisk and other Lambda-like systems, batch image and document conversion, heavy webapp loads, etc.) is often very different to what you'd see in an all-out all-core load like Cinebench, since they're utilising a far richer mix of computation resources. I suspect Intel still loses here, but I've yet to see a good direct comparison, and it'd be nice to see one. Even some measurements of power consumption on your 16x quad core gaming project would be a good data point to work from, albeit not concretely comparable without a similar test on an Intel platform.
I am a single father of three beautiful girls. I watch your vids all the time. I would love to have a gaming PC. Had a good gaming PC about 9 years ago. I got myself a GTX 780 (6gb) on a 4790k with 16gb of Trident Z memory (forgot which kind and speed) with dual 28 inch 1080p monitors. Those were the days. Someone broke into my house about 3 months after I finally finished building my PC and stole it along with all my other stuff. Took me a year of saving and about three or four months of ordering parts and getting it together. To see this vid and how excited Linus was at how fast this CPU was reminded me of my reaction when I was finally able to see how fast and good my PC was. Good video to all the LTT staff from us. These days I would never be able to have that reaction again. I could never afford something like that now... That reaction tho...
EPIC EPEIC CPIE EEPIC EPI  CPIE CPEIC EPEIC E
Linus should make a video where he uses the best and optionally most expensive PC parts to build one big powerful PC, that would be fun
You are so boring :(
Cool, cool... Now use it for gaming
2:08 - THIS is what I would love to see in more graphs like when comparing GPU or new CPU. The PRICE. Add the price more often please!
Interested to see which solution they go with for the 16 head lan server. Gpu partitioning? 16 riser cables?
Show chia plotting speeds because that seems like the only reasonable application that I could justify buying one of these for if I could afford one
One day games will make use of all cores and threads … can you imagine how incredible that could me?
Me wondering how it runs Minecraft XD
64 cores and 128 threads are gonna be rookie numbers in a few years' time, just like a few MBs of ram were top of the line really not that long ago.
How does Linus' task manager performance tab show %? Mine shows a graph but I much rather have it show actual percentages. Or is that due to the fact that Linus uses a CPU with a huge amount of cores and threads?
whole company one computer
As u have the fastest cpu on the earth  create a bot which is superfast using that cpu and buy all the GPU before scalpers can buy them and selling it back to gamers through verify the actual gamers program  hope u understand my comment because my english is not so good
Run a game that has 128 pixels resolution?
Why tf was this in my music recommendations
You need to play Minecraft on an A100!
Generate a bitcoin in live!
why not a humvee with a duramax swap?
Linus: This Server is really quiet! Server: BET *cue server starting up it’s jet engines* 🤣🤣🤣
Finally! A machine capable to run GTA 4 at 60 fps!
its interchangeable - well except when someone (cough Dell cough) decided to vendor lock your Epyc CPU...
Try running games and benchmarks with software rendering at 4K and 8K!
Me watching Linus draw on an $8000 cpu while having a $1000 setup myself
Not a gamer: could you try to compile various big opensource projects on it? Maybe even gentoo linux, with full compile during install, all big packages. Just want to see it deal with slow stuff!
Can it run Crysis and Excel at the same time?!
16 gamers 1 cpu?
The real game to test this CPU would be Flight Simulator as it's famously CPU bound.
"this is the fastest cpu on the planet, yeah we go one"
The CPU is the CPU
"Size not important, performance is what matters" - Linus
Racing game on keyboard. Kill me. I've just been sick everywhere.
Monster
Holy smokes!!
I. CANT WAIT. FOR THE G SERIES.
I just gotta say LTT is so fucking cool.
Ya'll really should use Grafana instead of Task Manager. You can have a second pc setup, next to what ever your benchmarking, and have Grafana displaying the metrics.
Please give me any nvida pc i have intel i5 9600 dell 3671 its so bad i cant even play games
8:30 Try "Satisfactory" for testing new Hardware! It's a very cool Game!
not windows 11 compatible guessing
why not try it out for crypto mining
Now imagine that server _with_ RGB.
amd is going ham
Bullish on $AMD to the moon!
Windows 11 : Sorry this CPU does not support Windows 11!
Please try software rendering a game like how you guys tried to do so for zen 2 threadripper and epyc
I cant be the only one who wants the really nerdy uncut linus where he goes in depth about stuff and doesnt leave us hanging, I love when wendell rambles on about stuff I can barely understand xD
Crysis 3 is from 2016 by the way
Awesome RAM installation Linus :P - 3:07
Intel would charge ~12k for it and you'd get 75% of the performance.
I will buy it in 2023 when it will be around     $200.
Linus. I have watched a lot of your videos. Watched this channel grow. But I swear to God if I have to keep watching some kind of sponsorship in your videos every 30 seconds.
So I know it's not gonna change anything about the impressions of the product but Apex by default is locked at 144fps  So even though apex is pretty badly optimized I bet that would jump up some if you unlocked the framerate   Granted I am only running at 1080p but my R7 3700x paired with a 3070 will run the game at almost maxed out settings at a semi stable 190 fps and I can push 300 fps if I lower the settings a bit.  I love Apex and glad to see it represented but this makes it look way worse than it should
But can it run Minecraft with 300+ mods and ultra quality shaders?
Can y'all check the editor of this one is ok? Little warning sign in there.
I’m done with this dude, HES GOT SO MUCH COOL STUFF
i want to see hashrates of this cpus, randomx / chukwav2
I really want to see this with the IceGiant ProSyphon Elite just rip a hole through cinebench
Run like a thousand(s) of NES simulators or something on that thing
Even the military won't buy it, it's too expensive and purposeless.
“Size, does not matter. Performance does”   Man i wish
I've been to Milan, it's very pretty. Italy is easily the best country in Europe, then the UK. Well they were until the gross EU shit.
3:07 - WTF .. You can't even place your RAM properly dood .. Are you "The Verge 2.0" guy ~ 🤣🤣🤣
Chia Plotting using MadMaxPlotter and a big-ass RAM drive
Yeah but can it run Crysis? LOL
I do wish in the gaming section there was a look at Microsoft's Flight Simulator to see how that worked with the setup.
i wonder why f1 2020 is so popular for benchmark tests
Did you just draw on a $8,000 CPU
Intel gonna cry for that
So here I am, watching a video of the most "beafy" cpu on the planet and knowing that I would never get it. But hey it isn't a gaming cpu so...
The definition of the pill. Lol
dude how many sponsors??
Can you use this CPU to emulate Glide in Quake2? And it would be nice to have glide rander version mixed with Ray Tracing but GPU version.
1:35 ….thats what she said!!!
I wanna see the Civ 6 Gathering Storm AI benchmark on that thing, see it just flying around the map like most other modern CPUs chew through the standard AI benchmark.
use this cpu to test a ssd until it burns down
I'm so hyped for AMD Genoa as I live in there.
I remember the days people used to make fun of me for sticking it out with AMD now look at them
I look at that 3090, I look at my open rig and my first though is, that's too be even for my rig, I'll need to throw out my water reservoir for that.
Millionaires be like
Ah yes, just having a shitty day today, please cheer me up a little bit
My R5 2600K still pretty good to me
👍🏻👋🏻💪🏻
with that many threads, those corclocks and the IPC I think those two CPUs might even be able to beat a GPU in rendering. not a modern GPU but some old one. maybe you can get some virtual GPU running on the CPUs or  render in software or smth.
Where do I get that m.2 retention mechanism?
My Xeon e5 2686 v3 with 18 CORE and 36 treds îs The fastest în The world
Anyone see him put the ram stick in the wrong way XD
Holy fuck its 16 gamers 1 CPU.
Give me
Take off that stupid hat already!!!
I'm a scalper
Can dis pc run roblox cuz I want my dad to buy it for me I have 12 dousand dollar bujet
12k 3 editors one cpu
3:02 you having trouble with that RAM stick?
another cpu we cannot afford which is 16 times more expensive than our pces.
I think you can host about 400 CS:GO server instances with 32 players each with that server.
Isn't this $125 per core?😱
Crysis CPU render mode? ^^ would love to see if that works
hmm but can it play minecraft?
I am dissapointed because they didn't play Crysis on it... (Without GPU)
Wait how is 200x8000=8.1m??? Am I missing something
We need a remake of the "How many tabs can you open with 2 TB of RAM" video with this CPU
He was playing f1 with keyboard😐
So, Linus wears a beanie with 40 degrees (celcius) outside?
knowing that one of thoses metal stuff could pay off a year of my college debt :)
Do CPUs really make a difference in Gaming PCs?
Soooooo. 16 gamers one CPU?
You know whats fast? Skipping through your sponsors
I’m not gonna lie today’s editing seems different and looks very good!!!!
Linus - uses 3090 in test bench Me with my Intel hd graphics in my gaming, editing, daily driver rig🙃
I may or may not have 6 threads in my cpu
I would like one to watch LTT on the YouTube and to check my tweeter.
I'm still amazed that my ryzen 5 5 5600x is 65 W TDP
Will you please stop writing on components with a sharpie? I can feel the life force seeping out of me with ever stroke of his hand.
drawing on a $8K cpu... only on LTT
How much deditated epycs do you need for a minecwaft server?
honey is the only sponsor I skip
My 2015 beats this cpu in single thread performance. And should do something here.
That cpu is fast
play SC with that CPU i wanna se the fps with that monstrous CPU and the 3090
2 AMD EPICS AND 3 RTX 3090 = FPS 69696969696969696969696969669696969699696969669699996699696699696699696969696969696969
Who uses this much powerful cpu
I really appreciate how linus Was using the cpu as a whiteboard
for 2 months
8k cpu with that 4k gpu is in everyone's affordability range. Thanks AMD for keeping parts cost low on us consumers we really appreciate all your sacrifices to make this possible....🤮
But can it run cri- YES, yes it can.
20 years later, this will be ultimate memes
5:13 8000$ drawing board!
I love the just "let's stick a bunch of fans where ever they'll fit" quality of this video.
most ghetto ahh cooling ive ever seen
Geez, that server fan sounds like a vacuum
"Size not important, performance is what matters" - Linus 2021
,,Yes I really need this for school"
Run the first crisis in software mode
maybe the next gaming at 32k resolution
But why?
"Size doesn't matter performance does" That's what he said
AWWWWW :( I thought Level1Techs was my own little corner of the net... now everyone and their gma are gonna  flood the comments with stupidity.... oh wait... this is youtube - thats what ALL the comments are like lol OH WELL!!! MAKE SURE YOU SUB TO Level1Techs  THEY ARE AMAZING AND SOOPAH-DOOPAH SMAAART!!!
But can it play Star Citizen?
linus is my dad
I may be getting to use the first two of these off the line in a few months…
Why are you weirdos still wearing masks
run linux on this, then run stress-ng with parameters that heavily stress the CPU,IO and ram all at the same time more than the CPU has in capacity
lol
For now*
and I'm so happy with my intel NUC i3 5th gen....... hehehehehehehehe
AMD needs to do more advertising to less enthusiastic people. For instance, Intel sponsored Trash Taste and Johnny Harris, both of which are tech savvy enough to know what they are doing in terms of hardware, but aren't enthusiasts that chase the best CPU -- non-enthusiasts choose the first one that's good enough.
You need to remake 6 Editors 1 CPU but with every Writer
Linus. They’re gone. The crash wasn’t your fault. You don’t have to keep buying computers in memory of them. It’s ok Linus.
XMR mining ( coin can only be mined off cpus )
I can see that thing handling sixteen 6900XT LC cards...
seti at home, get those aliens !
Definitely thought he was writing on the CPU
Linus ... truly EPYC gloat for AMD,  are you sure you're Canadian? But only 128t is a warm up ....
And Win 11 says "This CPU is not compatible".
your whiny voice is annoying
Holy smokes, $8000! You could probably buy what, 2 RTX 3070 from that!
I wonder why they make them so big. is he really a tech? this thing has 64 cores in it. ofcourse they had to make it big.  Intel has that proprietary Intellicheat technology. every new cpu requires a new board.
Happy 5400 vids!
Now make it quiet.
Linus, I don't think I have ever requested a more important use of your power.  THAT M.2 MECHANISM NEEDS TO BE ON EVER SINGLE MOTHERBOARD, USE YOUR POWER TO MAKE IT HAPPEN. PLEASE. PLEASE PLEASE.
Video about gpu p coming up?
You guys should try that nvidia RTX noise removal thing
Mine R7 1700: "I'm proud of you my grandson"
What is the name of the equipment that is used as a holder for the CPU? I saw Linus holding the CPU in a special plastic holder (not sure if it is plastic).
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈
i hope we can go virtual reality without move inch
Let me get this straight,   You've managed to get Your hands on the fastest CPU available, and You didn't even tried to run cs:go on it? for shame Linus for shame.
Virtual Gaming, YES, but with water Cooling, but chilled water using the water chiller to keep noise down...
"and can you imagine running like 16 quad core virtualized gaming stations of one of these" EXCUSE ME YOU ARE GOING TO DO WHAT?! I remember my mind being blown by "2 gamers 1 cpu" not so long ago and now you can casually set up a gaming center on one server... WTF even is this technology progress.......
I would have bought it if it has 69 cores 😏
Linus is a Hobbit lol
LTT cloud service?
sorry linus
Suggestion for something to do with that server; see if it's possible to turn it into a centralized ingest server for ALL the cameras on site to dump to without needing to rely on camera storage media. Not sure if it would be possible, but it could be an interesting thing to look into.
Me watching Linus using a $8000 cpu as a whiteboard
1.3k comments in 35 minutes…holy moly
You can use it for sheepit!
Ah yes, I have two of them actually...
Can’t remember how many times the word ‘fastest’ has been put all of the LTT videos
man .. at least link to Wendel's channel on your notes ..  mr Epyc
with the current gpu pricing i think this is a perfect time to show you dont need a gpu to game and should do a cpu rendering only game challenge with that bad boy
Who's 'When Dill'?
give it to me
Linus: "Now you might notice I'm installing the GPU in the bottom PCI-express lanes"  Me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34Ig3X59_qA (The rock eyebrow raise meme)
But can it run Crysis? Without a GPU?
Linus is the person who inspired me and my brother about technology. Good Luck dear Sir , 💗From Sri Lanka 🇱🇰
Wendell cameos are the best 😂
ok, now this is epyc
little did linus know that apex is capped at 144 fps be default unless you edit the launch settings
Can it run Microsoft Flight Simulator though?
Ok, I just had two bad ideas for these cpus.  1 build it to a "nuc" or mini pc. Because reason.  2 can you put two of them together in one system and how ridiculous will it be?
Nothing is faster than us skipping the segues.
daaamn
But is it fast enough to do realtime path tracing on the cpu?
I didn't expect intel here
How many calories does it have though?
The size of the graphics card is bigger than my laptop
I would love to see you run WRF on the global GFS dataset with .25km resolution :D
There are so many that's what she said jokes here, Micheal Scott will be crying in happiness right now
it's just so scary just seeing Linus write on a CPU
where is your crisis on the CPU test which you did with EPYC rome?
We need Crysis with CPU Renderer on 2x 64Core-4thGen Epyc/Threadripper
$8000, that's like 4x my entire pc...
WTF bro my cpu ain’t shit
Of course Epyc is fast, but watching an Athlon II push itself to the limit is satisfying in its own way
My laptop while running YouTube hits 98°C
1.21 Gigawatts?
Linus plz shave
With that many pcie lanes, how "many" crisis can it run? Lol
Will it run Windows 11?
But can it run Windows 11 ?
I wonder how well microsoft flight simulator 2020 would run at max settings.
3:57 I still have my GTX 1650!
can u give it to me
Should use it to crack passwords and show how important strong passwords are!!
Go AMD!!!! 🔥
are you cold in your head but not in your body?
Missed the chance to use the title "Holy Shyt"
It'd be a shame if Linus dropped it...
16 gamers, 1 CPU? I wonder how many GPU's that would take ngl xD  Unless there was a GPU that can power two PC's somehow
Man, you just ruined my joke... I was about to ask, but can it run crysis? Now i can't!  Now i'm Broken too! Happy now?! eheh Nice vid btw
5:07 who needs a whiteboard when you can use your nearly $8000 CPU instead?
The crazy thing is that in 20 years a <100$ budget cpu will easily stomp this
That suprim thoooo
Queen Elizabeth want Linus to build a Gaming PC for her
Nice
When will AMD release 5nm products? I want something like Apple m1 x86 chip without a fan, that will be a killer for intel
3:03 Linus putting RAM in wrong way and trying to force it in lmao  or should i say... Ram it in huehue
did he just scribble with a marker an 8k$ cpu?!
Do you remember that program that lets you help with scientific research by doing calculations on your CPU while you're AFK? I wonder how long it would take for this CPU to catch up with the 1st place.
Time to sell my brothers kidneys
Can you render with 3ds max with vray or corona
I have an idea. Couple this with the breathing PC that DIY Perks made. Compare the cooling performance.  Thank me later.
16 gamers “1” CPU?
75F3 is faster and I have bunch of them :)
meanwhile i'm here in the uk struggling still to get a GPU for about a year :D save me
Those fans screaming reminds me of my Bitcoin and altcoin mining days with my stack of 1U servers in my apartment because i had free electricity.  Most of the datacenters i've worked in are way quieter. ha.
Folding@home on 256 threads would be insane.
Why?? Why am I watching this?? I will never buy or use this but I just Can't seem to look away.
no subtitles :/
3:05 he was putting the ram in backwards and they cut it lol
This is gonna be satisfactory for my online classes
Let me just use this 64 core processor as a notepad.
2:25 Here in germany an Epyc 7763 is about $10,800 (€9,100) while the Xeon Platinum 8380 is about $10,200 (€8,600) on sale online. Are they really that much cheaper in the US?
1:27 wtf 70$ for a pillow
Can't wait to check my emails with it.
Maybe  that could be the 7 gamers and 2 CPU
Omg stop drawing on the cpu. Wtf
How bout 1 rig and 10 gamers with this cpu?
cant wait till we eat all the rich people so we can get our hands on these. Fuck yeah
Can you mine??
But can it run crysis?
At scalper prices that would be an $18,000 cpu
Create the most epic desktop water cooled pc with Dual Cpu's, 128 ECC memory, and 2 3090 in sli :D And for storage some 8TB SSD in Raid 6 :p
the moment i saw those bent i/o pins at the bottom of the motherboard, it broke my heart :(
Giveaway the dual CPU
I wanna see you guys try microsoft flight sim 2020 maxed out that would be a good test in my opinion
everyone complaining bout gpu shortages, while here i am with a 1650ti laptop(ryzen 4600h) that cost me about 650$ and not having to worry bout shit, as far as i can tell, i can run pretty much everything, except that before i get an hdd cable for it, cant install almost anything xDD.
"it's not a measuring contest" - man who is measuring the performance against other CPUs
Watching this on my 6th gen i3🥲
AMD! Please for the love of God! Intel knows you're superior! Stop shooting the corpse!
It's my birthday Linus WHERE'S MY (bathwater) PC?
9:23 Someone should show this footage of Linus driving to Porsche and Tesla.
when the linus is sus
"Size doesn't matter" - Linus G Sebastian 2021
Fastest chip still does not support windows 11
Me, with a Ryzen 5 3600: *wow this is a lot of cores* Linus:
I need wait ltt sponsor by intel again :)
what is the relevance of this to the normal gamer who is still looking for a gfx card.
I never thought I'll say this, but I feel sorry for Intel
BUT, can it run crysis.. without stutter?
$8000! That's more than my GPU!
You should try Flight Simulator on this.
But can it run Microsoft Flight Simulator ?😂😂😂
yeah, but can it play doom on CPU rendering only.
Hummer with a Cummins swap? More like civic with a hemi hellephant swap
Watching this video in 144p with buffering on $100 second hand phone: iNtErEsTiNg
1172
That cpu is more expensive than my kidneys
Everyone has a tech guy they turn to for help. Many people use Linus. Linus uses Anthony. Anthony uses Wendell.  I can only wonder what god Wendell turns to when he needs tech assistance.
I wanted to see Crysis running in software mode!
How about work comparison for all editors with the current productive system. (So dual Socket for about 10 Workstations)?
Finally something interesting
12:58 linus tries to install ram backwards on a board featuring a $8000 cpu.
Insane. Those Cinebench scores are out of this world. Even as a workstation this is overkill, but it makes me want to get a Threadripper for my next rig, for no apparent reason :)
Linus made a mistake by showing his video editors how well this CPU scrubs through video, they'll want one now. Lol
you know what's fast?        The way i skip that sponsor! lol sorry
I was expecting Linus to say “it costs $8000 and I just dropped it…”
Hummer with the Cummin's swap? DemoRanch collab incoming? I wanna see Linus handle the 50. cal, pretty sure DR could use a Nas or Wifi upgrade in their new NotAMansionMansion I think Linus earned the upporunity after growing the beard
i am now convinced Linus has just retired and they're just rendering him voice and all on these things. In 20 years they'll upload his mind to their servers and he'll have multiple linuses doing 100 videos a day.   the singularity is measured in how many linuses we can emulate.
We got only one dual core dual xeon server from around 2005/06 as an only server in a school with over 700 kids (highschool). We could use one of those to modernize our old server, but maybe we'll have one of those in the year 2035 hopefully haha
I'm watching this on a 2 core cpu :)
But can it run whonnock ? With Intel ssds
LTT: headroom to overclock a server cpu Datacenter Admins: sure 😂
Man they're just dogpiling on Intel at this point lol
The server fans and Linu's voice are at the same pitch
Can I have it
Very cool CPU - I would be interested in the performance under DaVinci Resolve + Fusion - in DCI8K with div. nodes.  Furthermore - all this under Linux^^....
did he just draw on the heat plate of an $8000 CPU !?
"fastest cpu on the planet" voyager 2: still rookie numbers!
16 gamers 1 CPU? lets goooo
Don’t you dare diss the Civic again. I’ll come at you with everything I’ve got
I love watching videos about computers and parts I could never buy, it's just me and my old 2007 notebook
I never thought that topic like that will be useful to me, but recently I got request for neuro net workstation - and this is perfect - including motherboard)
Yes mom I need this for zoom
me looking at my fx cpu (¬_¬)
You are just drawing on an $8,000 piece of hardware, my pc isn't even that much ._.
When are you gonna restock the mousepad on ltt store 🤔😒
well wendal  i hope u asked for linus insurance
I am using dual xeon x5650s for my CFD simulations ( ANSYS Fluent and FDS). I wonder how much faster those two will be ?
Yes, astrophotography imaging stacking and processing,  that would tear throw massive data sets! I'll swap you for my i9 7920x🙃 and through in some massive storage and SSD space for temp working storage. @Astrobiscuit needs this for the BAT project!
I think we need the return of X gamers, 1 CPU... The moment I commented this I saw a video about it in the vid bruh
But. Will it ms flight sim? Lol
what about the fastest cpu in space
Lit⚡🔥
Idea! How many layers of VM-ception can this CPU handle?
Verminetide 2 let’s you select how many cores you use when you play it. I want you to do that, tell the game you want to use as many as it will let you.
Take off the mask so you can breathe man. Geez Louise.
It hurts me watching Linus draw on an 8000 usd cpu with a marker
Just FYI, Apex Legends is probably a bad benchmark for something like this. I forces V-Sync without Launch Options and has terrible issues when you get 200+ FPS.
this CPU is on the the fastest planet?
0:34 You know what else is fast?!?! The way i skip the sponsor! 🤣🤣🤣
gotta love the size!!!
128 threads? no. 1/8 kilothreads :D
Without even seeing the credits, I’m going to say Jake wrote this script. As soon as I heard that “hummer with a Cummins swap” line, I knew. Linus is a motorcycle guy, so it wasn’t him. Jake and Alex are the only car nerds I can think of and Alex is more of an car nerd for the engineering stuff
I REALLY, REALLY would love to see these 2 chomp thru music making, vst instruments and real-time audio fx. I volunteer to do it for you :-)
Hey Linus!! I am in need of graphics card or a new rig can you give away it to me please?
Wait are you saying this cpus faster than those quantum computers?
me watching this on an acer travelmate: mmm yes very fast i see
A mincraft serveur with this monster
i prefere my i3 5rd gen
Linus: Yes that is a gaming rig that all your followers will rush out to buy immediately -NOT!
Loved how you said ‘Humer with the Cummins swap’ My dad has a 98 dodge with a Cummins so I know how good Cummins are.
8000 dollars? wow
hhuuummm... what about sever ARM cpus... 🤔
Seems to me, that rig would do nicely with some water cooling to keep the noise down.
And this was the fastest I've ever clicked on a video!!!!
Wendell is "top of the line"
A wise man one's said size does not matter performance matter
BC Bud?
Good tru Linus, but that’s a Duramax swapped hummer 😂
I think Linus has been watching too much of the spiffing Brit. He keeps saying ladies and gentlemen
Do you get everything from Wendell? Maybe I should go watch him ;)
run a game with software rendering on it!!
*Fastest CPU in the world* ; cries in amd A8 APU 😢👍🏽
I think this is a bit overkill  Just a bit
They have to try running Minecraft in the highest settings possible with this setup. It would look so damn cool!!
That's an Absolute killer God for any cpu
Project:kill blender with it
Holy Moly 🥺 Im stuck with i5-2500k😥
The only things I own that would be compatible would be an ssd and ram. y i k e s
Apple M1 is faster
Can it run games with software rendering (no gpu)?
Finally had honey work yesterday after months of trying. Of course it was on a purchase I was helping my ex with and not my actual money. But hey apparently it does in fact work sometimes
When Linus draws on it tho... :|
huh, I guess Yandere simulator might be able to run at stable 30fps on this thing.
Why do people dislike these videos like bro it's a good video
You shoulda benchmarked beamng
Love this guy
Happy Canada day!
While the socket is the same I don't know of any gen 1 epic motherboard that supports milan (3rd gen)
Dell has AMD PowerEdge servers on 6-7 week lead times due to shortages. 2-3 weeks for Intel.  We were told this by Dell UK and China last week.
Are my eyes deceiving me or is he selling a pillow for SEVENTY DOLLARS
HEY Linus Plz Make a Video on Phoenix OS (Or Modded Phoenix OS no ads) , Remix Os and others, about their flexibility, battery life in old laptops /Hardware. 🙌🏻
Fastest in 2021
AMD outside ('cause we got to many cores to keep 'em inside)
Folding@home this could boost you up from third place to second or first.
How about a video game streaming service but in the local network? Idk much about computers though
Find a supercomputer with equivalent processing power from the 90s/2000s and see if that dual socket server can match it.
Honey Shadow Legends
I don't believe you...
you scared me. i thought u were gonna drop it
HEY Linus Plz Make a Video on Phoenix OS (Or Modded Phoenix OS no ads) , Remix Os and others, about their flexibility, battery life in old laptops /Hardware. 🙌🏻
I just hope that's not permanent marker you used.
Make a Linus Tech Tips Rust Server
You know it's flexing, when your whiteboard is an 8000 USD unobtainable piece of tech in an age where you can't even find normal stuff in stock. But you know what? I like it 🧡
AMD analytics: OS used on Epyc CPUs: Windows - 2 Linux - 2 million
NICE!
Render games in software on two of these
Linus the next Lewis Hamilton 🤣🤣🤣
linus can we trade with my ryzen 5 3600x lol?
But it took 3 seconds for the task manager to open...
can you bring 16k gaming back?  life size characters with the smoothness, i think it is reasonable to try...
I will use this to play RollerCoaster Tycoon 2.
DID LINUS JST WRITE ON AN 8 GRAND CPU WITH A MARKER
When the fan of a PC probably costs more than my entire setup
I have had honey for a year now and it has not saved me a penny :(
AMD is the real deal now
Well if you really don't use that supreme 3090, I am not gonna complain if it gets in my hands
Summary: ' The marker wasn't permanent '
Yes mom, I need this for Zoom
when 8k uploads on youtube, LINUS???
is it normal that the 3090's fans werent even spinning during the benchmark
Жаль, на таком 64 ядерном ПК, будет лагать  игра(
I can't wait until the time comes when we look back at how hard these guys tried to push merch.
Maby you can. Ship me that cpu?? (:
He says fastest in the world.... Look at nasa computers buddy
5:30 The most expensive drawing board on the planet. I like it 💰
A lot of innuendos in the beginning of this video xD
WeirdChamp it's me!
My ryzen 2200g could beat it
Epyc 7763 vs Ryzen 9 5950x?
Run 256 instances of Apple "yes" :) (assuming it's 1 yes per thread)
Lol
I want to be so rich that i can draw on $8000 CPUs with a permanent marker
Here comes the "that's what she said" jokes.
You should also show compiling linux kernel on this
Project idea for those cpus, build a retro emulation pc
That is great and all.... but can it run Windows 11?
Hey Wendell!
nice fade to hide linus putting the memory in the wrong way ...
"yep. We got it"
I’ve got a project for this, you can put it in my house
I want one.
rip m1
can it run crysis tho?
Make a video with DIY perks
I'll stick with my quad Xeon 8880v3 72c/144t system for less than 1/25 of that cost ;)
hahaha 😂it's cheaper than a red camera
I want
You guys out there who have Bitcoin you better cash out asap as Cryptocurrency is going to become illegal in China as well as everywhere else.
3:05, watching Linus struggle with the ram has me dying 😂
Delid them and overclock. Both
Hello
The guy she tells you not to worry about…
M.2 retention clip? Why don't we get a slot into the back of the mb? They could build in a water cool loop too.
Then you didnt see my intel pentium😏
Linus has started shitting on Intel just after almost his whole crew got the 5000 dollar Intel upgrade
Me with a i7 3770k
We want to see shaved Linus 😅. BTW, is Minoxidil really worked 🙄?
Speedy speed boy, silicon's burnin' in Speedy speed boy, as fast as I can be Speedy speed boy, every night and day Wind is on my faaaaaace!
Pretty confident that the 'top' blue line in Cinebench is a 2990WX! *IT GETS SPANKED!*
You know what else is fast? The speed at which most games still say "Nah, no thanks, I'm full" when presented with more than 4 cores. I know that's not this chips use case, but it is comical seeing my friend's Threadripper be considered the bottleneck for some games he plays. Good on F1 2020 though.
this is like watching the worlds fastest, new 2600hp hypercar..... i dont know why i click on it but i do
If it isn't apparent Intel would need to put 4 processor to outclass AMD!! This is bonkers! I just can't imagine how could INTEL stepped down their game.
In 2 years something like that will be in a mid-range phone anyway
Folding at home haha
When a 64 cores consume nearly as much as an oc 10900k lol
Linus was placing the RAM Backwards
Can’t wait to pick this up on eBay in a decade for a couple of quid
you should play minecraft with this system but on the lowest settings at 1080p lol
A cpu so fast it can emulate a GPU.  This is how we really get around the GPU shortage
I want to see Crysis run again, but with the CPU doing the GPU job like last time. So we can see how much further we have come. No Cuda cores needed when you've 256 CPU threads!
Who's the girl with the lazy eye?
Still slower than mac pro wheels
ME Dying when he drew on the cpu:(
can you make corridor digital a wrendering server, and a storage server.
A cpu that can finally keep up with all my chrome tabs. Don't tell google or they'll patch it out i'm sure.
Damn. You couldn't even get one pci gen 4 lane out of 10th gen Intel.
9:44 Linus: I'm broken! Lando Norris: *belgium 2019 flashbacks*
You can configure IaaS or PaaS with this hardware
Intel left the chat ....
i really wanna see multiple gaming stations running off of one of these
i feel like I don't even wanna buy a computer now
Benchmarks on Arch Linux, because latest kernel and simply Linux works better on AMD and more cores.
Just imagine a 4 way socket motherboard when using this processor instead of 2, while having the max out ram configuration. It’s basically a working god like pc if that ever happened
I always dreamed of a big gigabyte cache cpu guess that won't be a dream no more, WoW!
1:00 so U lied when you said the fastest.... - speed doesn't always equate horsepower - it's like saying "a Tank is the fastest vehicle on this planet" a Bugatti Veyron is not a Tank.
8,000 isn't even that bad for such a powerful CPU. It has more than 10 times more cores than your standard 6 core CPU, far better energy efficiency, and support for various enterprise/ HEDT features, like tons of PCI-E lanes.
I dont understand anything about pc I have a friend that does but he is mad of me asking everything. So Im here trying to understand. .
testing Epyc cpu without benchmarking it with Crysis CPU rendering is a shame
As a cancer research scientist I can recommend genome sequencing analysis or even genome assembly would keep this processor busy :) If you need help creating a genetics benchmark, I'm here in the comments ;)
Wendel is like the tech meat dealer
first
128 core CPUs when?
i wanna see how many chrome tabs the new epyc cpu can handle 👀
Open notepad!
but can it run windows 11?
I like that bad boys🥰🥰🥰
Haven't had a h@lly $h*t episode for a long time
$8000 for a CPU?  Yawn.  For that money, I could just buy one of those Mac Pros and get an actual computer.  And yet somehow LTT would still say I’m paying too much.
"My PS4 sounds like it's going to take off!" Linus: 10:20
Yeah
Lol my M1 MacBook Pro cannot even handle 8k
Can you please  ship me one 3080Ti , i will pay for it if needed as i have to build a pc and cant find it anywhere ?
it cant even run smh
$70 for a pillow really
And me with my athlon X4 645 like 1/43545636546 of that CPU
But can it play Crysis?
I can’t wait for in 10 years when these cpus will be going for $70-$200 on eBay
Can I pls have? Want Houdini to go brrr
12:05 The fans like : VOOOOOOOOO !!!! pfiouuuuuu..... !! Sad noise of crying CPUs "Too hot even when the system is DOWN" Linus 1min later : Help !!! bring the Fire extinguishers out !!
linus pushing that ram down incorrectly without looking was goddamn cringe holy cow
Run Cyberpunk 2077 at maxed out settings please 😂
why would someone need to overclock a 128 thread processor ? its like Doomguy taking steroids
stonks ff
ok
hachama senpai
Linus: *Draws on a threadripper with a sharpie and pulling up a 3090 that is so big that he hasent put it in a build*
i've never been turned on this much by a device i cannot afford
It’s the fastest but  most importantly my *Money*
"RUN ANY DEEP LEARNING MODEL" WHICH USUALLY TAKES 12-24 HOURS TO RUN ON AVERAGE CONSUMER MACHINE
But does it have tpm 2.0?   (jk)
The Ghz is too low. It is not good to run a application that need fast response.
What if they make a new Threadripper 128cores and 256threads
Making a CPU "faster" by adding more cores is like making a car faster by adding more wheels
Holy Sh1T
0:09 I read “EPIC” instead of “PCIE”. We are so influenced by other things we see (the name of the CPU), lol
@LinusTechTips Run Minecraft server XD
1:34 That's what sh.... That's what I said...!
Linus: "Size not important - Performance is what matters" Not what she said
How would both of them handle CPU rendering? Last time you showed it with Anthony it peaked my interest
Full custom watercooled epyc cpu
I can't wait for it to be outdated after few months for better version
welcome to the thousand vid when linus roasts intel at this point
16 MINS CHECK
oh cool more expensive crap we can't buy sigh this channel......
AMD going insane
Was he drawing on a $8000 cpu? You know you're bawler when you can say you did that.
Mini ITX Epyc 2021?
I'll be able to add 300+ mods then
What the heck is Xeon who buys it, who the heck has so much money to spend for trash like that. We go Epic!!
nothing like linus benchmarking state of the art server hardware with games 🤣
How does it run warzone?
I love most of your merch, but that tuque is a gd greek tragedy .
I dont got money ;(__
10:21 that machine is screaming like a beast
I love the dark themed intro!!!
Linus : This is a 8000$ CPU .  Also Linus : Draws with a marker on it
But can it run a cryptocurrency mining operation?
Ah nice, I was waiting for this video since that teaser from Jake the other day, I was like 'WHAT?? NO BENCHMARKING??'
The moment Linus stuck the ram the wrong way around in the system was so hilarious xD (at 3: 06)
OMG im already imagining the lan setup
$8000 for a cpu eh thats nothing
That sucker is nuclear, and I would've LOVED to see it paired with ASUS Pro-WS-WRX80E-SAGE-SE-WIFI, coz users who can afford one, can afford the other
Gaming
Linus will NEVER let Dell forget that warranty shit.  EVER.  Which is good.
Thats the every week video title
Another nameless video. Which will reduce this video's views by 1 million.
well... it has good performance AND is big ;)
and the Fan goes . Prrrrrrrrrr
That CPU is epic
But can it run Crysis? 🙃
Yay! Glad HOLY $H!T is back.
You should make a RAM body pillow
But how many Minecraft Mods can I run with it?
wait a minute, apex legends has an fps cap
Linus looks so happy 😊
Linus, thank you for the double tap skip in every episode! It’s truly appreciated!
Apparently there's going to be a 128c/256t threadripper/epyc coming soon
My ps4 pro do the same noise
So slapping this on an ITX board and a mini case 🤣
As fast as a rocket
To be fair, the way Linus segued into his sponsor was indeed fast...
that moment at 0:35 where linus makes a move with that cpu in his hand my heart stopped beating..  don't drop that cpu...  just don't
unRAID server with massive amounts of storage for Plex, with multiple quad core gaming computers running at the same time.
Holy shit. That's a lot of scores....
10:25 sounds like a WW2 air raid siren after the bombing is done ( my ears hurt now )
HOLY $H!T
Crisis 1 with 2 epycs no graphics card. Just raw power
That’s one big fucking boy
Water cool it!   But do it like the Gigabyte Two-Phase Liquid Immersion Cooling system ;p
I haven't kept up with tech stuff for a while and I'm watching this like holy crap where did all these cpu's come from
You need to run the CPU rendered crysis again
Once I thought that my R9 3900X is high end in scale to this it's like nothing
3:03 nice one Linus
“Size doesn’t matter, performance matter” - Linus 2021
256 core gpu ?
Ouuuuuu fancy
It’s the Dell warranty cut in for me lmao
i can't wait to play cs with that cpu
When I will build my own pc , it has to be ALL-AMD gaming rig 🤐
Formula for a successful CPU: lithography & design & intercompatibility.
R. I.p Grandpa John.
64 gamers, 1 CPU?
By the sounds of it, that Hummer has a Duramax in it. Most Hummers used in the military have Duramax's in them.
I can just imagine looking back at this in 5 years and realizing my phone is faster…
“Oh cool! I wonder how much it cos-“
What's  the use if no one could afford it
There will be an era where this cpu will be dominated by 100$ or maybe 200$ cpus and maybe someone from that era will see my comment and say you were ✅
He didnt play ms flight simulator on it... Sad
This makes my 16 cores 32 threads look slow.
That thing is almost the size of Linus’ whole entire hand!!!! 👋
Love when linus said it was a quiet server!!  Unless it's a ProLiant at idle it's not gonna be quiet!
1:36 Exactly. Size doesn't matter.. Performance does.. quote of the week ..
What about running a game with CPU rendering on that?
Hhhhh
see what the bitcoin hashrate is on those processors
Ads are annoying for the most part. Linus' segways are always great.
That pillow got awfully close to the test bench
Linus is car guy?
Crysis my Love :)
10:52 how often does his wife hear him say that?
That's pretty Epic bro.
oh no, some one would run Bad Apple on this CPU's threads in task manager again
At the time our house was $30k  So two of these cost half as much as my old house
rip
He is literally drawing on an 8K bucks CPU...
Torture it, with CPU mining.
but can it run roblox?
Fastest consumer grade* it's still a long way from the 1.2 trillion transistors, 400,000 AI-optimised cores and 18 GB of memory cpu from cerebrus
Everyone talkin bout the cpu im here happy the HOLY $H!T is back.
Ah shit, Here we go again
I love AMD
Did they just give you a second chip to scribble on?
Wait until they add 3d cache to this thing
Is it possible to run the cpu renderer on dual cpus? I'd like to see that, if it works
9:29 Could have shaved some fps witht he DRS x)
Multi core CPU it's the way of the future
I’m here waiting for Linus to drop it.
I think the most holy shit thing in this video is hearing Linus say "This is the Hummer with a Cummins swap", LIKE HE KNOWS WHAT THAT MEANS!  Not saying he doesn't, but surprised he does! Damn Lino, you getting into some video shit we didn't expect... 🤣  Also, 'Lino' should be the 'Badass Hummer with a Cummins swap' branding from LTT!!! ❤️
best hardware P*rn ever...then go back to my reality Sculpting using Blender with a 1060 and 16gb RAM...
*Looks at computer's 10980XE which, overclocked, will munch 400W+ without blinkin* - Your days are numbered!
when one CPU costs 4 times as much as my entire setup
nice
People who bought ryzen - consumer or epyc - back in 2017 with first gen made great deal - they can Update CPU now for quite nice bump in Performance without additional cost. I dont think am5 will last that much because Intel before they succed also didnt change Socket that often and Look at them now
Really need the Nvme mechanism!
What, only one 3090? Pleb. But seriously, I can't wait for new Threadrippers to launch. I've been waiting, not so patiently, for for either Ice Lake i9 Extreme's or the new Threadrippers. I already have the build planned- custom loop in a Core P7 with two 3090's and a gen4x4x4 NVMe card in RAID 0, hung on the wall above my workstation monitor. It's gonna be the sickest HEDT I've ever built. I've only built two computers in the last 6-7 months, which is way under my average of about 1/month. I guess I can just do ANOTHER overkill retro/OS/era specific rig, but I've already done a ton of those. I guess I haven't explicitly did a build for Windows 8 yet, but that sounds boring...  Well, I guess I could build something pretty good on X79 or X99 that could still hang pretty well today. Maybe a 6950X and a couple Titan Z's
You haven't been gaming for years now.....
Thanks for creating
Linus you are wrong about the price, you can always buy QS version of Intel chip and save like 80%, so you suck :)
649 comment
imo large caption text effect like 0:00 is *VERY* annoying looks cheap, sounds cheap, is cheap
Me: Struggling to buy a $1000 phone.  Linus: Freaking draws on a $7990 CPU  P.S - This was a joke, I'm not struggling to buy a $1000 phone.
*looks at my i7 4770k* One day buddy, one day.
That’s epic
"Cool 144 fps" ...okay that's reasonable... "Maxed out at 4k" ... Well shit god damn.
Moustache on the forehead, bridging eyebrows 😂😂??
Can you test software rendering with  one of these?
xd
Linus casually using an 8k CPU as a whiteboard
3 minutes after there are 30 dislikes... the haters have subscribed and have notifications on
Can you game on it? Of Course  Is it logical? Hell no
Is my M1 now obsolete?
Sad xeon phi noises
Linus: draw on cpu My anxiety: stress level 99
this would be insane on monero
Casually doodling on an 8 grand CPU.
You know what else is fast?  Me double tapping to skip the sponsor/intro part.
Ofcours linus will buy some expensive gadgets
Now we need 69 cores and 138 threads!
Epyc
I’m just not impressed. It’s only ~2.75x faster in cinebench R23 vs my 5900X (gets around 22,300 points) despite having 5.3x the core count. I guess clock speed matters a lot. Can’t wait to seen next gen Threadripper and the performance it can deliver
but can it run Crysis remastered?
For us?  👉👈
7000 wow my computer gets 500 in r23
if LTT could ban these bots from commenting that would be great.
Hi
Why haven't y'all talked about the mega cpu that are 4x the size of that one?
3:06 When your CPU is so fast you forget how to install Ram
wen threadripper
hello am prio
BuT CaN It rUn WinDowS 11
I was teliing my family to get Honey, no joke. Has saved me a small fortune.
I Wonder when will we See games in L3 cache - 256mb is MASSIVE
One Hundred And Twenty Eight Threads!!!
3:48 -  OMG, toolless M.2 slots have to become standard.
0:34 Linus:-You know what is fast Me:- skipping the segway to the sponcer in a fraction of a second.
YEP WE GOT ONE.
this with a gt 710 would be great!
In 10 years we will revisit this CPU as "The best budget CPU in the market! From a server?!"
And we'll never have it.
the fastest..  for now no Intel, until Amd topping that again 🤪
Atleast Lisa *Su-ed* Intel again...
yo
9:02 It's not about being good at the game. It's about having a good computer to run the game. Right? Love that one :D
Me like wow nice… wait just one of those cores is more powerful than my pc
Lesgooo
LMAO i have  I5 3gen 3570 3.4ghz 8gb ddr3 ram 256 ssd ,500 hdd Rx 580 ddrg 5 ,8gb Total 500-600$  And i think its beast for me👀
you know what. after intel charged $20k for their 56 core SKU (that linus broke), $8000 is a downright bargain.
5:08 is Linus drawing on an 8000 $ Cpu...
Mini itx version????
Imagine if 10 years from now, 64 cores might be minimum spec
Dedicated Monero mining machine to help the network?
Linus drawing on the IHS was not a helpful visual aid. He literally did it just to trigger people.
Linus is hot. 🥵
dont even know why im watching this when i couldnt careless about production benchmarks and server CPU's but hey here i am
Intel and nvidia: "we use to rule the world!"   AMD: "I know pops. It's time for bed."
Linus just casually draws on a 8000$ CPU
BROOOOOOO
You should thank Wendell by sending him some Canadian orange soda!
Li🅱️us
AMD: *to go.. further bEYOND- PLUS ULTRAAAA*
They actually have two in case Linus drops one
Haha linus, I caught your vid 6 mins after
Honey is a pain ngl
- 8000$ Me : "It's fine"
First
hold your head high brother'
3:07 was that RAM stick stuck or was Linus trying to put it other way around?
He has an $8000 cpu, and he uses it as a white board
In this situation I am happy with a core i3 2100
5:07 I like the thought of the script saying “write on the CPU with a marker”
tht cpu costs more than my car
Linus using a $8000 cpu as a whiteboard scared me
Why does this comment have so many likes
But can you build a rig that can run Crysis?
Linus is this amazing hola sh$t
8000$ me who has just spent 19000 on a PC in a onther country:
I'm pretty happy about my Ryzen 5800X but this makes me wanna do something stupid :'D
Seeing it's EPYC disappoints me.
The thing... I´ll allways heard "don´t run your computer with your case open, it affects cooling". Well it was many year´s ago...
Okay AMD make nice. Now give us the Radeon that we actually need to game on everything.
*cries in 4 cores*
can i have a shout out
I love watching videos about components I will never even get within smelling distance of
it's almost as fast as the stock going down on gpus!
0:24 why is everyone looking at me?
intel: check out our 10nm, AMD: *Laughs in 7nm*, Apple:🍿
$8K is still less than one GPU from 10 years ago.
Toy spons- skips 10 secs
“AMD comes with more cache.” If Linus said cash in money, I bet this will be everyone’s Bitcoin mining solution.
Lmao why the military HMMWV... those things are awful 🤣🤣🤣
Can it run minecraft?
A better title, "How to mine Bitcoin with AMD EPYC!"
I love Wendell
yes
Me with a i3 2120 : "Not like it's gonna affect me tho."
i have a bad feeling
This is pretty Epyc
Look at the energy on linus even if his granpa passed away. This dude is the best.
70$ for a pillow this is holy $H!T
OK. But can it run windows 11?😎
5 min squad like please 👍👍👍😀❤️
oh no we wont be able to get any cpu cause shortage and if we do be able to order this one we dont have enough organs to sell
Linus - “aah I’m broken” Editor be like - “me too man me too” 😂😂😂😂
Uploaded 4 minutes ago and already 14k views and 500 comments?  Damn folks are quick!
Wait, isnt the fastest processor is Threadripper 3990X?
Thread Ripper Pillow watercooling? 👀
Hummer with the Cummins swap. Definitely a dream truck.
I'm as early as Adam was
yes
Linus can segue into sponsors faster than professional cowboys drawing in a duel
Core i9: "i'm the fastest CPU Alive"
Meanwhile, my i3 6100 start sweating badly.
But does it run windows 11?
we need GPU :""""""""""""""""""""""""""") (ME NOT OWNING A GPU SINCE 2003 :))
If you buy a thousand of them, you save enough for some alpaca wool
Objects in Linus' hands may appear larger than they actually are.
Can we talk about the fact that the pillow is 69 dollars? Where ma long boi gang at?          N🧊 chain pls
Is the marker permanent? haha
Only 2.45Ghz Me with my 1.9Ghz pentium: 😐
Every week us LTT fans hear Linus say, “This is the most powerful/fastest cpu in the world/human history, it’s ($1,000s here)”…. LoL….
“Fastest cpu on the planet” while being stuck in a motherboard, can’t go anywhere!
Me sitting here just trying to get my homie a gpu
how TF did y'all put sponserblock on this already????
we need help with the gpu amd
bet
Linus shill tips
Ryzen to the challenge
Petition for a No Compromise PC part 4 when AMD drops their 128 core cpu.
“Size does not matter performance does” . that’s what she sai-
another nail for Intel's coffin
പൊളിച്ചു ട്ടോ പക്ഷെ......എനിക് ഒന്നേ പറയാൻ ഉള്ളു😂 പൈസക്കർക്കു എന്തും ആവലോ... *Just kidding  Keep it up bro 👍 full support ❤️ fom INDIA ,KERALA ❤️
LINUS GIVE ME A FREE PC               Jk
What a coincidence I was looking at fast cpus
Can it run Microsoft Word? And, can it download RAM from the internet?
I love staying up
It must be the CPU the terminator runs on
The predesscor of this cpu zen 2 is used for ps5
I'm all proud of my 2695v4 dual CPUs........
Me with my Celeron: :OOO
You know your pc is powerful when you have to scroll down to see your cores in task manager..
I'm crying over here with my pentium 1.6 ghz 2 core cpu 😂 😭
Its not the fastest, but the strongest
Can I get a dusty GPU from your collection? I'm sure you have one to spare just laying around.
Amd no thanks I prefer intel
I love this shit
Damn, that's EPYC
I'm a simple man. I see a new HOLY $H!T episode, I click.
"You know what else is fast?" My double tap before the segue kekw
Never been this early to anything in my life
spare threads sir
Wendall scared the shit out of me
meanwhile, me, the consumer : 64mb when? Why have RAM when you can have big L2 boi.
Wooo amazing editing 🥰
We all know it will just be used for playing minecraft.
8000k I'M DEAD
ok
Linus Dude your beasssstttt 🔥Because you get to do hands on to the planet's fastest stuffs 😂🔥
whenever he say ‘sponsor by’ i quickly skip to save my time lol
I think I've seen this title before
My wallet isn't happy gonna be happy
Just built my first epic gamer rig this week to play DOOM Eternal. Brings a tear to my eyesocket. Thanks LTT and Austin Evans.
Ooh interesting
And I thought LGA 2011 was big
and there I am, watching this video on my Pc with a Pentium G4560 💀
one minute and 2000 views that's insane.
Huh? Shut up and observe my Intel Celeron G1620
Epyc $1000000 that’s a good name
My dad still thinks Intel's the best btw
*consumer CPU
Ok
Kid: I need a PC for school, this is what I need Parent: ...
I would love to have this, but quite expensive. I mean a ton but of expensive.
I love you LInus
how the youtube numbers works ? ... i see no comments yet it's displayed that there are 25 of them, there are 4 views as of me watching this yet 68 likes ... confusing ...
so early the video doesn't even show up in the videos tab
Apple Silicon Mac Pro: Allow me to introduce myself     64 5.1Ghz ARMv9 Cores, 128 GPU cores. 100 teraflops with real-time raytracing, 1 terabyte of LPDDR5X RAM, terabit bandwidth, 5000 single thread/100,000 multi-thread on Geekbench, 300 watts maximum, starting at *$2,499!!!*
8k yeah no
300++ comments just < 1 minute. Holy $h!t
1 Minute, 400 comments
Its still crap compared to Epyc 4 coming with 128 cores.
the price is even more "epyc"
1st view
So early 🔥🔥
damn it linus i was about to sleep!
hi
You guys are commenting like you watched the entire video already
It would hurt to see the classic linus drop in this video
rip grandpa
Finale holy sh€t is back
hi linus!
AMD is destroying Intel. Now that puts a smile on my face. 😆
Ah yes let me use Honey to get a discount on that $8000 cpu oh wait it is still over $5000
Come work at AMD in Austin on the server team. We all have these at our desks
fastest comment too
The fastest CPU on the market (yet)!
HOLY $H!T!!! THATS EPYC!
8000 DOLLARS. WHAT THE FUCK
Class toppers be like no need to think about other parts like gpu mobo just buy the 8k cpu and is enough for gaming
wow
Damn it’s only been 1 minute people chill
My condolences to you Linus...
wa st theta toyut hoy e ya know?
hello there
Mum yes i need this for zoom
"why did they get so big? it's not a measuring contest" that's what she said
1 minute? Dayum
4 views, 276 likes and 81 comments.... hmmmm.....Nothing weird and that in 33 seconds
Nice :D
so everyone just early?
Nothing In The Planet Is Faster Than My Father  He Ran Away When I Was Only 2 Secs Old
Wow!
yes i can now watch linus vid about stuff i cannot buy
:0
1 min ago....
Fastest Linus always make my day better when he upload new vid
Ayo it's faster than how my dad left me
First, how would anyone be able to spend 8000$ on this, let alone the 12000$ price that the shortage is probably making it 😂😂😂. Also *Hey* - Wendell
I'm trying to get a 5950x and this dude is saying THERE IS A CPU FASTER THAN THAT??????
More things we can’t buy 😀
Crypto currency miners💳💥💥💥💥💳💥💥💥👌🏻
Nice
ah yes 1 minute
This was the fastest click on a video on this planet.
My dreajs
Another CPU that makes mine even more irrelevant.
'The Fastest CPU on the planet - HOLY $H!T' is the original title in case they change it
Im 12 years old with a 600$ computer that I have to work for on my list and Linus is over here going ITS ONLY A 8K CPU FOR OUR GOD TIER PC THATS ONLY DECENT. Like wtf can I get some help or is Linus just insanely rich
and this is what i love
Yooooo THIS IS LIT MAN
I think If Linus had a pronhub channel his name would be Linus shrex tips or somethin
Heyoo
1st
But can it run " WINDOWS 11" :)
that's *epyc!*
hi
HOLY SH*T
I can’t wait for the “akshually” comments.
4 Views, 211 comments, interesting
Tachyum prodigy: hold my beer
i need it
294
can't wait for it to be cheap enought for my system
Joined after 32 second of publishing this video
why no comments
What about the thred ripper??
The CPU is kinda EPIC!
Just don't drop either of them 🤷
why banana
Not first
Hello
this comment is pinned for no reason.
We need GPU !!!!
1 minute ago
$8000? With that money, you can buy a medium spec iMac Pro for that price! 🤔
44 seconds ahaha
"Fastest cpu on the planet" Me well knowing I probably wont be able to afford it: *Intresting*
AMD are crushing it in the CPU market! They are definitely the best option for anyone building a PC right now
Holy $hit
@0:04 $8000 - lost interest already
Last
What about quantum computing
4th
HOLI $H!T
obviously
Soon computers will be able to render faster than people can make renders
Linus what does "Holy dollarhexplinationmarkt" mean?
holy
Views : 7  Comments : 100   Youtube : It Is What It Is
Yeah holly shiitt just 1 min ago
early gang
I think there should be an update to the fastest computer video
The last time I was this early I was faster than this cpu
Faaaaaaaasssssstttrrr!
1 minute
noice
I have this CPU for my gaming pc.
Guys I think the cpu is fast
lemme get a free pc :''(
fastest segway i've ever seen
I...am....speed.....UNLIMITED POWEEEEER
love the vids
yoo
Nah that title goes to my 2 core 2 thread Intel Celeron.
SHWING!
Let's go
211 Comments  Shows no comments.
Damnn
hey 4 visits and 450 likes mmmmmmmm nice bots!
First :D
4 views, 151 comments  NICE
Damn I’m pretty early
yoyoyo
4 views lmao
I am here at 4 views
Damn. But the question is: will the 3090 still be bottlenecked?
So excited
Early geng
pog
boi
njjjjjjjjjj whAT
Sweeet.
wow
Linus tongue tips
SHHHHHHHHHJHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESH
claim your before a minute ticket here ---->
Hey ohhhh
Happy Canada Day!
Not First but First in love <l
Intel cries in corner
4th
eloo
Soon this will be “old” technology...
i don't think it's enough to run roblox in 50 fps
last
First
1st view
HOLY $H!T IM EARLY
Sus
Fastest in terms of what?
Gg ez
first
4 views 69 likes. nice
Another CPU that makes mine even more irrelevant.
The comment section is faster than the cpu
First
31 seconds upload and 151 comments WTF
5th view
pog
first
1
Nice
A dislike for a video posted seconds ago? WHy are people subscribed to a channel if they dont wanna watch it?
Woohoo got here early
everybody gangsta until intel releases another processor, IN YOU'RE DREAMS
Every time i see a video like this i think, the fastest so far.
First
dang
Hi
Hi. Hope you have a wonderful day
please give it to me
who asked linus?
1 year later not really the fastest now
First
first
66 secs ago xd
69th like  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
When Alienware x 17 R1 review comming
lmao 100 people saying first
Boo
#Ios15
I clicked as fast as this cpu runs.
Ok
6.9 gigahertz 🗿
last time I was this early my mother thought about putting me up for adoption
I like fudge
Dang
Yes another episode of holy shit
ksa
damn it do be fast
nice
Hello its my first time being the first dislike!
First
nice not first comment
I bet it costs 8000 dollars
hi linus and his team. <3
fIrSt
Wow
HOLY SHIT
Good to see a noti from Linus
Yes
The fastest viewer  in the planet?
Wow that’s the fastest cpu in the world.
First
Happy Canada Day everyone!
2gb ram
FIrst comment.  Less go
first
fuck me im early
And first
~$8000
Fryy
Based
berger
Damn bro ok
Pc on drugs
Me with my i5:  Sadness
Give me one babe and I’ll love you forever
It is EPYC to be this early
Holy $h!T
Yay papa Linus uploaded
When you are first
Yooooo
5th viewer
not first
2nd
fastest click on the planet
VV
46rh
OP
Thats a lot of power
This happens every 5 weeks
uploaded 2secs ago, after my youtube messaging
first
8k FOR A CPU BRUHHH
Fake
noice!
sheeeesh
Hi
69 cores? Wow.
LINU$
asah dude
no intel op
Early gang
POGGERS
Im definite early now lol
Sweet. I’ll pick it up in 10 years for a bargain.
Early squad wins a free cpu!!!
Hi
Faster than a Speeding Bullet??
was fast
bruh
Nice
Hey Linus, great video.
<3
first
Chupapi munyanyo
Shiit
When your parents say you’re getting a gaming pc for Christmas:
Pog
Damn, I want one :D
Ayup
Drop it.
Fjrst
3rd
Haha first ahah
First
second
Hi
Hi
First to comment
Howdy
Yo
Hi
Is it though
Linus do you have any tips to get stuff at MSRP
Hi
Sheeeeesh
Epic
Hi linus
Hallo youtube
Hello
idk linus
Zo
Holy shit
Wasn't this on Facebook first?
11 seconds lol
First
1
Hahdjd aahdof! Ya!
Send it
Gi
Sksnejsjdjs
Hiiiiiii
first
No first
FIRST
Good vid!
Hi
epic
One of the first
Holy I clicked so fast
hi
epyc
Simona la cacariza mi Linus, dame 2
fast
Wow
ok
1st
Epyc!
Hi
Hello again
gg
third
FIrst
Naaah
Last time I was this early, an intel Xeon was the fastest CPU ever
First
First like
First
SPEEEEEEED
First
EARLY SQUAD (first)
Is it faster than my reaction to this notification?
1st
First
Early
For one day I am first!
Fastest!
yo here first
hey
1st lmao
First
FIRST
Hi :v
what
First
damn
yes
First
Hi
E
E
“Holy forking shirt balls”  -The “Good” Place (aka the best show ever)
First
first  Edit: I'd like to thank Linus, my family and the lawyers for this accomplishment. Godspeed.
Linus
hi
early
