A lot of older people are not using the Internet as heavily. When millennials age, I foresee a shift in how older people are virewed.
shoutout to my 62 year old fashionista mom who dresses stylish as hell and still regularly gets compliments on her fits when she goes out ❤️
Hi Mina How young are you ? 23???
WII STEEL THRIVE! PRESTIGE ELIT GLOBAL is a subsidiary of LADY LYRIA's FASHION CONSULTING PLUS LADY LYRIA's PRODUCTIONS LTD.
Hey I'm wondering why you sometimes say "woman" when you mean "women", but you distinctly say man or men. Is there a reason for that?
I think a really sad thing realted to this topic is that alot of old woman who have long beautiful hair never wear it down. Always in a braid or ponytail. When I see it I do get a bit sad, because, if you got it, wear it down, it is not weird because you are older!
They dont hate older women. Older women arent as appealing to the boarder market. If they were and could make as much profit do you think the fashion industry would be like naaaa because, you know, i hate you
39:04 Similarly, I wonder if I was pressured into wearing the current trends such as crop tops because now I realize I don’t like that all my shirt options are cropped (especially since I already have a long torso so I’m showing more than others) and I don’t want my stomach on display all the time. The other issue, and maybe it’s society maybe it’s my social anxiety/overthinking/etc (maybe it’s maybelline), I have always liked a classic style with some preppy type clothing (think Spencer Hastings or what they call “old money” or “quiet luxury” or “dark academia” or whatever they coined it this time) but being surrounded by people my age in crop tops (or just trying to survive in college in sweats), I feel out of place in an outfit like that, so then I never wear the clothes I buy/own. Plus, I feel like I never find what I’m looking for in stores (none of it really my style) or, like thrift stores, the clothes tend to be for smaller people (I’m quite tall but relatively thin so length and width aren’t matching up- especially since i have both long legs and long torso— oh and don’t get me started on “curves”). That was a rant, but I just wonder if I feel like this now, what it will be like as I get much older and see how the fashion industry treats older women
I wonder if anyone else straightened their back as soon as they saw the picture at 6:05. XD
God I love your mind. Every video is like a dissertation, with so much poise, humour, history, and education on topics that are so important for so many people. LOVE MINA!
uuuh, dr. mina medicine woman ;)
I’ve noticed that short and thin older women can get away with trendy dressing than taller or heavy women.  It think it may be because little old ladies are perceived as more “cute” and harmless.
I think it’s realistic for older women in movies/tv to be wearing sort of out of date fashion because it’s common for them to stop paying attention to trends and just wear what they’re used to/what they like. I am approaching 36 and I already do this. I dress like it’s still 2012 and I don’t care lol.
I just turned 64 and “no I will not stop coloring my hair”. I probably have 25 grey hairs at most. I have colored my hair since 4th grade when my older sister went to beauty school and I was her model. I have been most every color possible  including violet but today I stick to a color close to my natural color just to see how my clothes work now that I know my “colors” lol I’ve always known I was a “winter” got draped in 8th grade so I’m building my “forever” retirement wardrobe using my dark winter palette. Coloring my fine hair damages it a little and makes it have more body and fullness so that’s another reason I won’t stop coloring my hair. It has nothing to do with vanity so I wish people would quit being judgmental about it. I could embrace my slightly salted flat hair or be much happier with natural brown fuller bodied hair hmmmmmm. Yeah I’ve had to explain this many times.  Rant over
I don’t think he was saying older women shouldn’t try trends I think he meant we are smart enough to decide if we would try one and have the smarts to do it well as opposed to younger women who will try everything whether it works or not. They are in the learning phase and older women have lived enough to have learned it already. I just turned 64 and still rock pigtails occasionally and I get complimented for them. I’m a creative dresser and sometimes I dress cute this is when the pigtails really work or when I’m a little more gothed out. I won’t allow myself to disappear and I get complimented by young women all the time which tells me I’m doing something right
Older women enjoy the  company of women our age.  We get each other. We can speak freely, laugh at our frailties,  celebrate autonomy.   And do WTFE we choose.😁 I waited a lifetime for this freedom, wisdom, and confidence.
Wish I would be around 40 years from now. So that I could hear you review this entire segment.  But chances are slim. When I was young there was a common saying... "Life begins at 60." I can attest that it is absolutely true. If a woman takes care of herself, life is a blast.
6:37 "... menopause" *literal cartoon thunder in the distance*
The video I was looking for. Great video.
engagement bc this is a great vid! thank u!
Friendly reminder that Sikh is pronounced like “sick,” not “seek.”
Mina, on a comedic note, one of my favorite scenes in "This is 40" is with Leslie Mann crying/bemoaning that she was not ready to shop at Ann Taylor Loft or Chicos. Both stores, for Gen X- are a harbinger to aging. Because looking invisible , shapeless and/or moderately tacky is our only option. No matter how much these stores rebrand  or refresh, the sentiment is always cringe.
Do a video on the trend of casual dressing and clothes from the grocery store like costco
As I'm getting older I'm just starting to understand how important it is to ask yourself who you're really dressing for because if you're dressing for yourself and it makes you feel good it may be weird or out of style or whatever if it makes you feel good f*** it women have always been told how to act what to wear what to say where to go what to do who to be with, let's just do our own thing and be damned if we dress or do anything for the male gaze because these are the same people that leave the house that haven't taken a shower all weak wearing a blue tank top with camouflage pants and have the audacity to try to tell women how to present themselves let's just do what we want to do for ourselves and f*** it all f*** anybody who wants to put you down or tell you you're too old to wear something clothes do not have expiration dates on them for a reason and if someone is giving you all these rules to Fashion then you need to decide if these rules fashion because I can guarantee these rules made up by other people and imposed on others aren't going to make you happy
You look extremely good btw 🥰
I always got 0:39 the feeling that in NY being a 27-28 is old.   In Norway that’s not it 😅
I'm 28 working an office job, and I find "young" influencer completely uninspiring with the cutout flashy outfits... 30-50y.o. With "old money" style dress much better, in my opinion!
I noticed that you are following the trend of pronouncing woman and women the same. Is that just a trend or is the language shifting. Kind of like how the generic midwestern announcer has been replaced with the Cali uptalk.
This is such an important subject and I'd never even thought about it wow. Thank you so much for bringing awareness towards women
I'm a Karite, and I don't think people who don't cover understand why covering is not a negative. It's just a choice.  My head covering is the same thing as my wedding ring. I get to style it and express my feelings and experiences as a married woman and how I feel about my husband. (You can't do that with a wedding ring.) He can instantly look at me and know I am annoyed, sad, happy or if he forgot something just by the way I wear it- or don't (Which means it's our only time or I don't care for having visitors).  Covering is a nonverbal communication between husband and wife. It's a visible sign of the marriage we share.  If you remove your wedding ring or hide it and start flirting with someone, everyone understands that's a taboo. Taking off my headcover in front of others, not wearing it, or hiding that I wear one (like a wig) is kin to the same thing.   However, I also understand that sometimes it's best to be incognito so you don't get persecuted. So sometimes wigs, and some types of hats are necessary.  How much hair you show is between you and your partner. Covering can be beautiful, but like all things in a relationship it can be abused. So, weather your marriage band is on your head or around your finger, just be safe and know that you're marriage is your business.
Old people in general are hideous to look upon but there lies their use. They are a testament to the mortal nature of humanity. All rots, all fade, all dies, and all should remember that.
my goal is to be an eccentric old spinster [genderqueer person] wearing bright colors and funky glasses/sunglasses. eccentric old people who don’t care what others think have always been my role models
I like this blouse!❤
I think the most interesting part of this is how “older women” are treated like a phenomenon instead of just what happens when people grow up lol. It really nails in the idea that women are treated like objects. It’s strange to say you shouldn’t dress in whatever way makes you happy or you should feel ashamed that you are an adult and look like one. It’s like a weird dissonance because all women become older. That’s just life lol
Omgg your outfit is totally up my street!
It’s interesting bc the older I got the more adventurous and rebellious I got with my clothing. I’ve entered my 40s now recently and I dress however I want and feel. I think confidence is what matters… if you don’t feel comfortable in an outfit it’ll show outwards vs when you’re comfortable your posture changes and I think pple won’t question what you’re wearing but compliment you.. i don’t think age will matter if you rock an outfit with confidence
I wonder if all these things apply to men in a lesser degree. I am a man and outside of not dressing like a teenager I never put this much thought into how I'm dressed. I do wonder if I had gone bald if I would have felt the need to find a hairstyle appropriate for bald heads. At least for me as a male latino it was always drilled into me that caring about fashion this deeply is for women.  I enjoy watching your videos and they are informative to a whole other world and a distraction when I need to get my head out of the politics of the day. After this last election cycle I will be diving deep into non-political youtube, books, and of course sports. Thanks for your work, it always looks fresh and I enjoy your pacing.
"Mutton dressed as lamb"  is so hilarious to me
If you find yourself now uncomfortable in clothes that you used to wear, don't worry. It's called, discernment...
I am a bionic senior. Work out, but don't dress like trash, no matter your age.
I came by to say sorry if i said anything too offensive. I like your channel and appreciate how much work you have done here. ❤
Im realizing that your Mina Le experience may just be really white influenced, friends, family, colleagues, and that's great and fine too.... just hoping you have more perspectives to share... like you mentioned being Korean in another video, are there different things you observe between how Korean american ladies do things vs Chinese American women do fashion /beauty?  Etc insert whatever international or niche group to contrast against.
I immediately love your channel, but please think about covering fashion from an your unique Mina Le, view where you live or places you've been, eg fashion week, travel, etc, and what Asian women young old and in usa asia and other places are doing things.... I just feel like you're focused on white women's experiences, and you could do so much more and stand out... to be more straightforward---- it's been done... you're so talented and funny. I just often feel like asian women have a different and more progressive experience with fashion. The old way was to let French women and American women dominate the fashion media even though BIPOC women spend way more and have deep history with fashion. ❤ looking forward to whatever you decide to do. Take care ❤
Unfortunately, in some aspects, age is not a social construct. It starts with not being able to start a family after a certain age. Also, your looks change. Your skin changes, for example, and also your body's fat distribution. The latter is the reason why certain clothes don't fit after age 35. Still, this is no reason to only wear - say - beige after 40.
My mom is in her fifties and she's currently worried about getting wrinkles whenever she laughs or smile. I try to let her know that it's normal and that she shouldn't be concerned. Maybe I don't say it the right way as much as I think. But I do my best.
I’m 28 and starting to consider what I want to look like, in femme, masc, and androgynous fashions in my 30s and later. I will definitely be continuing my collection of frilly shirts and button ups with patterns but I may start finding non leggings going forward. The world can pry my combat boots, plaid miniskirts, and increasingly unnatural lipstick colors out of my cold dead hands though, lol
mina you're so cool
It’s funny, but I actually associate “old woman” fashion with pastels/bright colors and bold prints. I grew up around a lot of creative and stylish older woman and most of them wore those
god, imagine the timeline where "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?" starred 30 somethings. maybe this ISN'T the darkest timeline...
😍🥰🥰😍
As a plus size woman it's a very comparable feeling. A lot of companies have gotten better about it, but not enough. There just aren't many "trendy" clothes made with plus size people in mind. It's considered taboo to wear something that shows your gut if it's not flat. You're told you shouldn't wear baggy clothes bc they make you look even bigger and you're told not to wear anything that fits close to your body because it shows off the "unsightly". You end up dressing older than you are, and it's a weird balance of do I look too old but I can't wear anything too young. The alternative I've found is...well alternative fashion. It's not any more plus size inclusive but it's easier to say the layers and coverage and dark clothes are a fashion choice rather than say it's because if i didn't cover up it'd be shameful
16:29 I don’t know if I’m in the wrong here but if a young person wearing more “revealing” clothing like a crop top makes you instantly think “that’s sexual in some capacity” then maybe the things going on in your head are the issue, not a child showing some belly
I'm 25, and because I'm a teacher I feel like miniskirts are not proper for me anymore😢
I’m disappointed in what I see as a lack of basic  dignity for older women it’s grotesque I’m very saddened and really because of it I don’t care about media anymore I use to be hopeful this could be a fun addition to life it seems only for the grotesquely ignorant right now. They have labeled all older women stupid worthless ugly it is truly truly disgraceful and those who started that campaign should be in prison for hate crimes
You are on to something. I've been a therapist to a number of women actors and at a certain age, their agents do not return their calls!!! look at fashion so much on the runways is wonderful for younger woman - a good thing - what's wrong is that there isn't something for us (in my 60s) too. The upside of the 60s is one does stop caring of what other people (men) think. I very much applaud the advances of younger women and am grateful for this video. Thank you.
I find this very helpful, I honestly just want to be myself without being judged :)
31:20 its INSANE that they just admit they made ugly clothes and claim all the "ethos" of what they do just sucking young women vital energy 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Great video! Like all your videos ❤
LOVE your hair
It really is disgusting how society treats older women. I felt this feral desire to change all of it in me simultaniously as I was met with the crippling enormity of human society and its length in history on this topic. Please, just be kind to women. It doesnt cost you a damn thing to focus on you and just let someone live however they choose.
Look at gudrun sjoden. European brand that sells to women of all ages.
i like how Violet Crawley wears victorian clothes still, it shows what a big change there was in fashion from then to the 20s and it's understandable she would stay with the old fashion since the new fashion is like practically nudity. i think i would be the same! and even before the show came out,  i'd heard about women like that during this time. and Isobel Grey wore more modern clothes
As a perimenopausal woman, i learned quickly how important natural fabrics are. that's something i have to take into consideration simply due to my biology that i didn't have to as a younger person (though i know some younger people do too).
The part: is this something I feel like I have actualy aged out of or is this something I was pressured to feel aged out of.  I feel that. Thank you ❤
I like the trend on tiktok of mothers being dressed with their daughters style, bc it changes your perception on someones age, and regardless of age the young and the old try to conform to what society finds accepting, but the older generation has realized, we don't really need to cater to the addiction and validation of our appearances for anything but ourselves, we over-consume to find things to identify with. Ageism appears a lot in the media and based off of your reproductive health. Women should be more fulfilling, and feeling beautiful as we age, its a normal thing.
Whenever I hear someone go "Oh wow, they've aged!" I say, "yeah, they're human and time comes for us all"  Also, I didn't know "granny chic" was a thing. I've been dressing granny since 2012 💅🏻
Okay, so I should note that as an Indian, All non-widdowed women wear bindis. It's the sindoor on the center of the hairline that signifies a Married Woman.
mina le te amoo
this is kinda weird, because you mention all of this as if it's a woman's issue that older women can't dress however they want. But man of all ages are highly judged for what and how they dress. The boring smoking  on met gala on men while women dressing as they please? It's a product of that.
When I was a kid my mother really struggled with aging. She would always look back at photos of herself in her twenties and say she wished she was still that beautiful, but she was still very beautiful! It made me so sad to see, she would become annoyed that she wasn’t super skinny anymore and call herself fat, despite being a perfectly healthy weight. She became more self conscious about wearing her more revealing clothes, that she once proudly wore, because she didn’t want to seem like an ‘old slut’ (her words, not mine). It was upsetting to see my once confident mother become so worried about her appearance, I think it’s so unfair that people think women have an obligation to hide themselves away once they are no longer young.
Love your content and would love to see you talk about future fashion, including a deep dive into fashion justice (Collective Fashion Justice is a GREAT organization!)!
Thank you for this ❤️
I am surprised fashion doesn’t tap into this market, much like plus size women.  People who have plenty of money to spend. :)
I am older, dress goth or steampunk most of the time and could really could give zero Fs what people think of it.  You have only one life.  Am I going to wear pretty things I love, often made on Etsy by many women over 40, or be super worried that this or that doesn’t work?  Who cares?
Two words: Iris Apfel.  What a woman.
My ass will be out here wearing the most bombastic and wild colours and coordinates possible until the day I die, goddamnit! XDDD
There are several brands that actually cater to the styles and fits of older women. Like y'all have heard of Chico's right?  Obviously these brands do have some issues but they do exist
When I was around 14 there happened one situation. I am standing on side walk and big, silver VOlvo SUV drives up and perfectly parks in one try. Gets out of it a woman before 40. SHe looks elegant and fabulous. Perfectly fitted, stiff shirt. Nude high heels. Slightly styled hair. Wonderful. Then takes out of the car her 3 kids and walks away. 10 years later I remember it. I am totally unintrested in cars, but ever since I dream to drive VOlvo and be like this woman.  This is exactly how I feel looking at Maggie Smith in this Loewe campaign.  I dream to be her and when I will be 80 I would feel like I made it if I have Loewe coat and bag.  Such campaigns (with senior celebrities) it can serve 2 purpopes. 1 - marketing toward older customers and 2 - building future brand of people who can't afford it now, but in some time when they are older they would buy. When Gucci and simillar become too trendy when we get the spending power on such goods Loewe will be the brand we go to. It can paint the brand as not for kids and for youger people, but as something for people who made it, with paid off houses and grown / growing children or badass grandmas.
I’m always frustrated when people say something like what Kathy Griffin said which amounts to “You CAN do whatever you want, but don’t be surprised when people judge you.” What you’re really saying is people SHOULDN’T do what they want, and that it’s fine to judge people for decisions (like dressing in a “risqué” way as an older woman) that are entirely personal and don’t hurt anyone. These sort of discussions about how people are “supposed” to dress also just always belies how many people believe you’re supposed to dress for others and not for yourself. “Older women shouldn’t wear revealing clothing because others don’t find it attractive” - who cares? And I think it’s ridiculous that women suddenly aren’t “allowed” to be sexy anymore past a certain age, like, people are so terrified of seeing older women’s bodies. I think people need to spend more time reassessing their own biases instead of judging other people.
Omg I love this look!!! Fav video outfit I've seen so far!
Saying crop tops end childhood is telling on themselves. Sexualizing children under the guise of propriety doesn't make it less gross.
As a woman you can never win, the patriarchy always will
honestly i have had two gray hair growing fom time to time since I was a kid at 22 years old I now have 4 I don't plan on coloring them I want to age naturly for me
I turned 50 in January (yay me!) after coming *thisclose* to dying at 47. I’m thrilled to be 50! My 30 year old daughter sent me this video today (bc she’s awesome) and you now have a new subscriber! ♥️
3:07 a comment on the "childhood fairytale programming": (step-)mothers and older women and legal wives (compared to a female protag seen as the future replacement wife) were often portrayed negatively... and so were older men, or fathers and grandfathers. It's an issue of chaotic vs. orderly societal element. Power and autonomy are always made sexy however, and those were often the realms of men.
As a 40-year-old woman I now find I envy women in their 60s 70s and 80s. I envy the women who join things like the red hat society purposefully geared at not giving a flip what people think of their wardrobes and dressing fully for themselves extravagantly or plainly as they please. I find I’m never quite comfortable with anything. I see in stores all of it seems either very much too young for me or very much too old. It’s a weird place to be.
People of means DONT use the word "rich" at ALL.
They DO try Ralph Lauren...few 20 somethings buy it. I am in my 70s and have worn it since my 40s.
They DO try Ralph Lauren...few 20 somethings buy it. I am in my 70s and have worn it since my 40s.
22:51 that style looks very elegant
truly one of the most evil things done to women is the sense of hopelessness and dread... the feeling of life stopping after you're 25
HEAVY MAKEUP WAS NECESSARY FOR SILENT MOVIE DAYS!!!
Gorgio Armani and Yuki Torii love older women
The woman in Sunset Boulevard had gone _crazy._ I think that that's why it's unsettling.
Just don't pay any atenton to any of those so-called "experts" say. Wear what you want.
But at the same time people say you’re to old too wear cute stuff or “you dress like a 15 year old boy” well I’d rather do those things but I have to make sure I don’t do them in excess because if I listened and looked all matronly that’s wouldn’t be fun!
My grandmother is the undisputed most stylish member of our extended family. She loves colorful scarves and shawls, fun purses, and statement jewelry. Kinda coastal grandmother? She’s beautiful, and I know when I’m older I’ll remember her and want to channel her looks!  My other grandmother, who has passed, was also always having fun with fashion! She was a sparkle and animal print woman through and through! I’ve had great role models <3
On most societies women are so much focused on their body and appearance... That it becomes such an issue. Less vanity, focus on appearance, less stress/ worry. Let's  change the mindset and focus on more important things in life.
I'm 17, but I've started drawing women with wrinkles in cool outfits out of spite for this nonsense. Another tangent, I hate how so many older women (like my mom) won't dress in a certain way because they think it's for young people. PLEASE wear the clothes for "young people". Clothes don't have an age limit, we are all hurtling towards oblivion, wear the cute dress.
In the "how not to look old" segment, before hearing the arguments (and honestly even after) I said the woman on the left is younger!
What I find really interesting is how style has changed over time. My 91 year old grandma has had the same haircut since her early thirties, since she had kids.   I’m now 36 and significantly older than she was when she cut her hair and adopted the style she still has and I’d never dream of doing something with my hair or style just because society expects it. I feel like this change in attitude has likely contributed to why people think millennials look younger than we are- because we haven’t don’t that styling shift in our thirties that previous generations did.  For reference, I’m in Scotland and my grandma is a wee Scottish granny.
I know for myself as a 31 year old Disabled Latina, I feel a mix of pressure in my Latinx culture to feel some shame getting and being older. But as a Disabled woman, I feel so proud, privileged and to me it's a sign of resilience to get older. Also so many brands already don't make much of accessible clothing, it was difficult as a disabled child and even harder now as I age with my disability and my body changing differently than non-disabled older women. I am still processing my feelings with aging and how i want to dress with my personal style, but it's interesting to see how intersecting identities can shape aging as a woman.
Tnx🥰❤❤✨✨💋
You could do a video why women are told to dress like fireworks and  men are told black n gray.
I’m 49 and I still shop at the same stores most younger females shop at. In other words, I never stopped leaning toward the clothes that looked good on me since my 20s and 30s. Let me make it clear, I’m not “trying” to dress young or “trying” to be this or that. I’m simply showing up as my most authentic self and not allowing for society to tell me what I can and cannot wear.
super interesting!
A lot of people don't understand that "letting yourself go" isn't always a choice. I was active, working, and healthy until a medical event (which no degree of fitness could have prevented, btw) left me disabled in a matter of weeks. Now as far as the world is concerned I'm just another fat old granny with a walker who "let herself go".  Everybody thinks old age will he different for them just because they'll choose to make it so. It doesn't work that way.
the way i got an anti aging makeup ad on this video 😭
Am I the only one to view the surgically lifted, botoxed and filled-in older celebrities on those magazines with a critical eye? I'm 57, and have more wrinkles than all of those "older" women.. So is the trend supposed to be - you can only be an attractive older woman if you're rich enough to have work done? Baloney! I feel like yes, you need to work harder at figuring out what still looks good on you, but I feel that it's still possible to find and wear elegant clothes, and be proud of yourself! I love being my age, and would NOT want to go back for anything! By the way - all those online second-hand shops help you find reasonably-priced quality clothing... That's what I've started to do, since I can't find anything attractive and of good quality locally anymore. And I refuse to wear polyester!
Please a sex education season 4 review and analysis 😭
I'm 53 and  I've got a large, basic, FIGURE FLATTERING wardrobe with quality pieces that are pretty timeless, and will buy cheaper quality trendy costume jewelry and other accessories to update things.  Well fitting clothing makes a huge difference, as does looking neat and groomed. It doesn't have to cost a fortune.  If I like something I buy it.
I turned 40 in January and it is really interesting adjusting socially. Men in their 20s, 30s and some in their 40s avert their eye contact quickly once they clock my age range. It’s so fascinating to see. I lost a lot of weight this last year and it’s definitely made my face look a little older but I’ve almost always looked younger like late 20s to early 30s but now I definitely am looking my age. It’s so weird to respond to these subtle queues so I try to avoid eye contact with any men now out of fear of misperception. It feels really displacing but luckily I don’t really care about men, I just am finding the adjustment to be odd and slightly uncomfortable. Younger Gen Z girls are so sweet and cool towards me and definitely are less ageist in public than online.
Females whine that older women can't get good roles.  Get off your ass, write your own script, make your own fucking movie.
Poor you.   You won the genetic lottery and for years you got everything handed to you on a silver platter, merely for being sexually attractive.   You don't get to be resentful that suddenly you have to work  to get things when you age or choose to become fat.
Dame Maggie Smith is also famous for her role as Violet Crawley, Dowager Countess of Grantham. This series was a huge success in Europe and also un the US
Bookmark 8:55
I'm  75.  Your program is excellent. Thank you.
You could have done so much more to elevate "older" women than you did. I did twig the title of your segment. It would have been nice for YOU to show sexy, elegant, confident older women. A
I dress exactly the same way I did when I was younger. And I wear what I want, not what some fashion designer decides is “in” and not what other people think is suitable for older women. I mostly wear jeans or shorts and tee shirts plus a hoodie depending on the weather. I notice that Queen Elizabeth wore bright colors throughout her life right into her 90s. If it was good enough for her, it’s good enough for all women
I went through a lot of changes after turning 30yo. My body changed. But mentally and emotionally, I've changed too. My current style reflects that.
Can we also confront the fact that as soon as you become a mom you’re expected to stop being fashionable too!?
I agree that the type of clothes older women are encouraged to wear are not stylish and flattering ie floppy tops trousers especially those that finished mid calf. clunky shoes and covering up of arms and décolleté and legs. Lets embrace what we have and enjoy skirts dresses including shorter skirts to or just above knee and short sleeve fitted tops
I first heard the phrase “mutton dressed as lamb” on Season 9 of Drag Race, where Sasha Velour had apparently written it down as a possible joke for the upcoming roast of Michelle Visage.
In conclusion, do I look good in it? Does it make me happy? If so, that’s what you wear
Ladies, just be yourselves. Too often we are pressured to be something we are not. Dye your hair, lift your bust, paint your face, have cosmetic surgery to 'fix' your everything, wear slimming fashions, and on and on. If you love putting on makeup, or doing anything else of the above, then by all means, do it! And enjoy!   If you don't, then, as my mother always quoted, "My face, I don't mind it because I'm behind it, its the people in front that I jarr."   I get that social pressures affect us all no matter how much we tell ourselves that we "don't care what others think." But at some point you realize that aging is a blessing that not all of us receive. We should celebrate it by living our lives, thru every era, with as much joie de vivre and authenticity as we can muster... And that means be the eccentric old spinster you want to be and laugh at the looks people give you.
A bit off topic. Some men are able to father a child at an advanced age, but this does not mean that male bodies do not age and are attractive to young women. Children of older parents may also have more health complications. In my opinion, the normalization of relationships between old men and young women is a stereotype imposed by patriarchy rather than a biological thing.
Who has the money?  Not teens nor twenties nor thirties!
I am 51 and quite frankly, if I may, have never understood the irrational all consuming fixation in regards to fashion.  Once I became an adult I do not and have never really given a flying f*** about what anyone else thinks about how I look or dress. When it comes to how I look and dress in my top 5 concerns of importance the first three are COMFORT.
Two words - Betsey Johnson.  I love her playful look and she's like 81.  And of course the actress Helen Bonham Carter at 57 can either dress clean or not give a sht and wear whatever the hell she wants.  I aspire to those two women.  Best thing about aging, you rarely care about what other people think.
I remember being hit with this in the face when I was 40 something.  I was looking for a dress to wear for an Xmas party.  A male co-worker (who used to be a drag queen) and a good female friend sent me over some styles they thought I would like.  The guy sent me something that the Queen of England would wear.  My best friend sent me over sexy corset top dresses with full skirts.  I think you know the type I preferred.
I remember reading in a book of geishas that the younger geishas wore bright colorful kimonos, while the older geishas wore darker colors in subdued kimonos, but they were admired by their contemporaries and looked up to by the younger geishas because it meant she was more experienced, more sophisticated and thus more expensive to hire for parties.
The fashion industry doesn’t hate older women. It prefers younger people who are far easier to influence, do not obsess about self presentation and have a serviceable pre-existing wardrobe. It’s also the case that older women who want to keep up will simply adapt what younger people are wearing.
Oh I have met a women who makes clothes who is a senior citizen .... this hole thing is part of the reason they are doing it lol Do you know what the fashion industry probably also hates?? People with disabilities who could benefit from the clothing being more accessible. Most catalogues just show seniors for I guess the younger people in wheelchairs were too hard for them to fathom in their mind that we even exist Sure every once in a very long while I may see something with a younger person in the picture but it is not often that's for damn sure. I just look at the clothes I don't worry about how old the person wearing the clothes in the photos are.
It doesn’t seem at all confusing. Trends change. You want to try some trends. BUT they have to fit your body and your sense of style. This happens at EVERY age. We navigate that as teens and young adults too.    The real question that we should be, addressing is why the United States is the only country in the world that doesn’t actually offer elegant clothing options in the cheap mass market.   You didn’t touch upon this, but most women in the United States of a certain age are obese or overweight. Also they have grown up with no sense of style, following cheap trends and showing off too much skin or dress like slobs.    When you talk about a youth obsessed environment, you are actually talking about an American environment. In other countries, such as Mexico, for example, France as another example, women, dress elegantly, and stylishly at every age all the way to their deathbed. in these countries, not being perfect or being older are seen as positive signs not negative signs.   These distinctions are important to realize because that’s the only way that a true conversation can be had, and some change can ensue for the women that you’re trying to speak to.  If you deal with this, as if you were universalizing, as if every society in the world were as you are portraying here then you actually missed the capacity for them to make a change or for that society to get better.   There is a lot to learn from other countries that aren’t the United States and unfortunately, the influence of Hollywood does reach far and wide, so I will not lie to you that there are some instances where you see this American centered hatred for older women and showing age has percolated two other places. But the source of this sickening trend is the United States.  So it would be useful for your viewers to realize this so that they can try to address it.  And also useful for people from other countries to realize that they don’t have to import that way of viewing elderly women and their elderly bodies.  That their own cultures wisdom can serve them excellently well and keep them protected from this mayhem.    Thank you for a thought-provoking video.
I plan to dress more an more like a wizard as I age. Society can suck it.
I'm in my 40s, and I appreciate this so much! I did have a couple of thoughts - the point about older women currently being marketed looser, shapeless clothing: yes, the body changes fit, but also? Perimenopause without layers or a forgiving fit is absolute misery. However, like anything, it shouldn't be enforced and options are wonderful for anyone not needing that accomodation. Some color and less ugly prints and cuts would be great, like what if Eileen Fisher discovered Zoloft? In that vein, not sure it was addressed but there has been a fabulous middle finger of a movement by and for women of a certain age called "kulturtant"- in northern Europe mostly, and was definitely more known about a decade ago (pre Advanced Age / Ari Seth Cohen's work by a bit). Definitely not for everyone but it feels almost countercultural the demand it makes as a personal style ethos to remain seen, heard, viable, in its bold patterns and saturated colors and clanking accessories.
I'm 46 - I was a punky/indie kid dresser in teens and 20s, never been trendy or chic. Mid-30s I started a smart-dress job and that kind of toned down my wardrobe as a whole over 10 years but post-COVID I decided I wanted more 'silly' clothes again, so I've started finding interpretations of stuff I liked that work for me now. I see Urban Outfitters full of stuff I would have loved 30 years - mesh tops? Not working now, but I'll still wear sometging colourful. Baggy pinstripe trousers? Yes, still a goer. There's no need to go beige and boring if you don't want to
Christmas cake is stale on the 26th. 😁
I believe that adult womens clothing has  disappeared from fashion leaving only clothing for teens. The time to bring back classy is lomg overdue.
I remember the list from Glamour magazine about 20 years ago about what women over 40 "shouldn't wear" Hoop earrings were on the list 😅😅
And next, you'll be doing a series on interior decorating.  I love your sense of style in terms of your living space and can totally relate!
Spinster was still put on my daughter's UK marriage certificate as her status as she entered to sign it. That was in the year 2000.I  As a child in the 50s, I heard the word a lot but it wasn't an insult. Women would say, oh, I'm a spinster, to which married women with all the ties of a large family and a home without much in the way of labour saving equipment, would often reply with slight envy. Many unmarried women had nicer clothing, a home that was more feminine and tidier than married women tended to have and the freedom to buy, wear and eat as they chose, so they we're envied. How times change. But do I feel constrained by being 70 myself now? No! I don't wear old lady clothes, I wear classic clothing. I don't feel old, don't behave as an old woman, so I am not treated as one by younger people. Much of how well you are viewed at any age has to do with attitude.
I noticed that actors & actresses were older back when. ..
I'm a (relatively) young man, and the fashion of older women is not particularly high on my list of interests, but I have recently been trying to be less ageist since I've come to realize how pointless and damaging it is. I want the world to be a more welcoming, inclusive place, and that requires dismantling my own preconceptions of what people should look like "for their age."  You did an excellent job with this video. I appreciated the depth and breadth of the research you did, and you shared observations that challenged what I thought I knew. It's highly accessible for someone with no knowledge of the subject, and I'm going to share it with some friends.
In Junior's fashion, the measurment from the back of the neck to the waist is shorter than for Misses fashion. This is a really good example of how bodies change no matter your lifestyle or how you "take care" of yourself. Trendy fashion sometimes isn't available for older bodies.
As people are living longer, the older demographic is growing. There is a huge market there to be tapped. We don't all want to dress like our mothers. Give us some good design!
❤
This video is in its majority quite good watch, however I found the segment about hair covering in Judaism and Islam as an example of celebrating women changing status a little too simplistic and lacking depth. There's so much more to all those head coverings than what was presented. And also there's a lot more cultures that highlighted changing status of a woman by changing hair or head scarf. It'd be probably better to either just quickly mention that such phenomenon exists in multiple cultures without going into details that might be too complex to summarise in such a short video, or link to a lengthy exploration of the topic. Otherwise it was actually misleading instead of adding to the topic of this video essay.
I'm 62. Thanks for this conversation. Being comfortable in clothes is a very personal thing. As a plus size, the "classics" usually described for a size 8 or 10 petite older women is just as unfavoured by me as something styled for a 20 year old. It's not about the style, its always about the fit. And fast fashion can never fit the multiplicity of real shapes across ages.
I think as eomen looking after and putting ourselves first in every sense, practically speaking, is important. Looking after our health is important. I have alwsys loved the lacy frilly frminine victorian look. I also love the mod look. I dress in what fits, is  comfortable, and a style I like. I also try very hard to purchase clothing made ftom natural fibers such as cottons, silks, wool, cashmere, even rayon and linen. Now that I am older and having hot fladhes, i find this more important. Polyester etc has rarely worked for me even when very young. So yes, I eill wear knne highs with some skirts and I do prefer comfortable well made footwear.
I'm 73y, have always been fashionable and been told I have such good fashion sense and I'm still told that.  It's always been so easy for me and I just wear what I like.  I like glam make up and don't plan on ditching it yet; however, I have noticed that I thing I look better in a ball cap with just lipstick than I used to.  I'm probably just getting senile!  Anyway, makeup, clothes, hair is just fun and if you have fun with it ...go for it...if you don't, that's OK too.  Life is too short to stress over the fun but not necessary for life.  Blessings, p
Funny how every bit of it can also apply to bigger women... Fashion cater to thinner figures, so we don't want fat ladies wearing thin fashion, it would make it uncool, and making separate lines labeled at "for the fatties" makes it quite embarrassing to buy (and also they're all grey squares and rectangles). I'm already fat, can't wait to be fat AND old hahahaha
It's fine, because I hate the fashion industry even more, and completely ignore it ❤😂❤
I'm going to be 33 at the end of February. I really enjoyed this
The amount of body shaming whether implicit or explicit is really disturbing. At least we have GILFs? When else about what to wear, be your own fashion trendsetter and blaze your own trail because everybody else will tell you something that will make you feel worse, uglier or smaller.
Yeah, whenever I would tell my mom "this or that thing is new" she ALWAYS was like "I have seen that 30 years ago, here, look at this 80's magazine". And now that *I* am over 30 as well, I actually HAVE seen stuff in stores that has me like "hey, that's what was all the rage back when I was 13!" For some reason when I got 25, my mom discouraged me from wearing mini-skirts, but funnily enough, neither crop tops nor hot pants???? Which does have me be like "fashion is fake" (and I also know this because I did go to a fashion highschool) Ageism is one hell of a drug, but of course, it's the same brand of misogyny that has the "born sexy yesterday" trope so prevalent in movies, because for men, women who are aware of their (sexual) power are scary because in interacting with them they actually have to *deliver* and not just pose like 14-year old boy.
Everybody hates older women. Even older women.  Our society is compleetly crazy.  If we value people on how they look, or how much they make, then most people will have little value. Stop judging others. This isnt helpful to anyone, anywhere. Espcially yourself, because if youre judging others then your also probably judging yourself and comairing yourself to others. Just be the best person you can in any given situation, just try your best.  Good people havethe higest value to the smartest people...❤  Also, my mother once told me something very valulable..That it never really matters what you put on, because the prettiest thing you can wear is a smile. They never go out of style.   Can we please stop being so superficial and concentrate on what REALLY matters, for a change? Pretty please?  ❤ yourself ❤ others
I worked in the industry for 20 years and the vast majority of companies are run by men. Yes, it’s heavily tipped towards female employees….but these are all support roles and it’s VERY rare that women are represented in executive roles.
I am 70 and I don't agree with most of this video.  There are plenty of stylish choices out there for older women.  Most of us don't care that much about our daily dress unless we are going somewhere nice.  I have plenty of stylish outfits for those times and can easily find new classic clothes if I feel like shopping.  We older women don't want to wear the skimpy clothes the younger women today like to wear.  Even if we admire some of those clothes, we just don't have the bodies for them.
Ive noticed that makeup tips for pretty much any one over 30 advice to go for stuff like ONE product to use for lips/cheeks/maybe eyelids/overall "glow" and to basically not use anything colorful, metallic, colorshifting, intense and rich in color. We aren't supposed to have fun with makeup or hair, but to not draw attention to ourselves and to instead fade into the background in a "tasteful" way: to become invisible while still being passively decorative. I like that makeup formulated for aging skin really does work better on my skin, but it's always in conservative palettes. There are crisp lines and techniques that don't work on my 56yo skin. And a lot of what's popular is ethereal, otherwordly, and childlike with stencils and glue-on gems and appliques that look great if you're 22, but look like we should be committed for our own safety otherwise.
idk, but just knowing that there is an actual end to the ongoing victimization of women by the fashion & beauty industry seems quite freeing! & I, for one, am not about to wait for that eventual freedom. "Cover up, Conceal, & Camoflauge".. OMG, best survival advice ever & regardless of age! I love it;  & Thanks for this video, now I know why I never cared for fashion guru advice or the mag.s!
My suggestion to women of all ages is to learn to sew and discover what works for your body shape, then make your own clothes. No one looks bad/old/mutton vs. lamb in well fitting clothes. Sewing really isn't as hard as most people think.
this kinda just feels like an anti-old-women propaganda piece. i can't keep watching.
Alot of girls these days just don't get it.  I grew up with my Grandmother & great-grandmother who was born in the late 1800s. The term Spinster, NEVER had a negative meaning, infact  many were probably gay & my Family would refer  for example to someones 'Companion' It was just the era, now its differant. Nowadays I don't see class and good style as agist but if you wear a mini or crop top with veiny legs or a flabby belly, old or young, people WILL think you're less chic, also hopefully as we age we explore other roles within society than only wanting someone to think we're Hot. One more thing, Maori woman ARE NOT treated badly here in NZ for Moko by 'white' people any more than brown, its simply different tastes that dictate weather its considered a good decision or not
Mina, you will never see this but I feel compelled to say it: I am a 50 y/o woman who has a great love for millennials. I've gotten to know so many generations in half a century, from my great-grandmother (a flapper) to my brother's grand kids (gen Z), so I know of what I speak. Millennials are by far the most forward-thinking, sincere, socially kind generation of the modern era.  (The jury's still out on gen Z but I think it's because their awkward years are so publicly present. We were just as nasty in the 90s as young adults so I'm going to give them time to ferment.😉)  Anyway, the reason I'm writing this is to show some gratitude. I've been subscribed to you for such a long time but I never seem to have time to watch your videos and I don't think I've watched one in years. This one caught my eye (a few times😅) and it made me deeply sorry for having neglected your channel. Since you have taken so much time for me, the older woman, and put so much effort into this incredibly well-crafted video, I promise I will always make time for you from this day forward. I will never miss another video again. Late, maybe -- but I won't miss one.  Thank you so much, you dear, sweet, gorgeous little beast!❤
I enjoyed all your research and clips!! Lots to think about!! Thank you!
You'd think the fashion industry would love older women, considering the Baby Boomers are the biggest cohort world wide & have the most money.
Who cares, i make my own fashion.  Always have always will.
Well Cher and Tina Turner wreck most of the ageist arguments, but most of us don't have their bodies. Extra weight is pretty inevitable and learning how to make it look good is a journey.
Covering the skin in older women is to disguise the increasing crepieness of the skin as it loses elasticity
For me who is soon turning 27 and sadly also someone who has always dealt with weight issues. I feel like im running out of time. like I think to myself "Oh no soon these clothes wont be suited for me and I never wore them because i wasnt skinny. And now as I age will never have a chance to explore fashion"
Precisely why Queen Elizabeth I never married.
They were not happier unmarried unless the circumstances were just right. Most wanted children.
Sometimes I look at what the fashion industry pumps out and think the fashion industry hates all women. At least all of us who aren't 5' 10" thin and little to no  adult female development.
Wow. That’s a lot of information. Interesting and fun. Thanks!
Thank you for this overview. I think you nailed it about halfway through: what will improve things for all of us at all ages, is to change how we view aging and older people. We're coming from a youth-centered culture, which has focused on advancing technology as the only sign of sophistication. This leads us to ignore profound values like wisdom, which comes over time with effort. In terms of pure aesthetics, I feel we can trust our own eyes. No matter how young and thin I was, short jackets always turned me into a box, so I've never worn them. I've still got long legs and the good luck of almost no varicose: so I still wear short skirts. I cover myself where I feel I have nothing I want to show off; I flaunt what I've got. Everyone's got something they like.
With regards to moko, it should be noted that much of the racist reaction comes from the boomer generation and some more rurally located gen-X Pakeha. The rest of us are too busy staying in our own lane while getting our own half sleeves and calf tattoos to worry about someone else’s choices.  Indigenous facial tattooing is common worldwide and more and more younger women are choosing to embrace this part of their culture - much in the way Samoan women embrace their malu (leg tattoos). An advantage for the younger women is their facial tissue is tauter so moko can be finer - so basically older women just can’t get a break
I am 25. I now recognize that my grandmother encapsulated a more youthful vibe than any of my peers because she took care of her mind. She was well read and up to date with the world, constantly keeping an open mind to changes and different opinions. She was always growing; she never became stagnant. She never doomscrolled! Our brains are incredible and we are so much more than our outward appearances, despite what these corporations would like us to believe.
I'm 42 and perfectly fine with not being "sexy".  My 20s and 30s were exhausting because I fell for that capitalist ploy.  Bring on the "matronly" years! Im saving money and have lots more time for my hobbies 😊
The 80's had no qualms about making young women look matronly through fashion. It was a much superior era.
You bring up a good point about having "mature" fashion for not just "healthy" older women but having clothing that supports mobility issues.
I think finding better Terminology is going to be a big thing if we're going to be style inclusive.
I don't remember where I heard it but if you wear fantasy or historical clothing, you escape the fast fashion trends bc your still consideredweird. 😅
I'm turning 30 this year and I'm confused af by the fashion industry. I resort to watch movies of actresses my age or women characters in my profession to see examples of stylish women. It's really difficult to know how to dress. Is there a style from 30 to 40 yo that I don't know about? Are short skirts okay? When would be too late? I don't know
Holy crap WTF?! Um at 61 my back isn't hunched and I don't have BO!!
I never understand these conversations where women bemoan there being no fashion for them. I don’t think that’s actually what they’re bummed about. Speaking as an older woman, in my opinion only, I think most are bummed that they haven’t stayed in good condition and all the great stuff at Macy’s (my fav store) won’t fit. That means not just letting yourself get fat but equally as problematic is not working muscles. Then there’s eating like a 10 yr old boy at a birthday party.  Never mind fashion — if you don’t care for yourself you’re going to get very sick sooner and you’re going to die a more miserable death sooner. You don’t need a gym membership or a yoga class. You need self control and self discipline. Use eco safe sunscreen including the back of your hands. There are plenty of clothes for you no matter your age.
No they tolerate the svelt toned yoga bodied older woman.
Its seems to be true judging from the loathsome clothes old ladies are supposed to wear. After all they dont have too much money so why bother catering to them. Ditto for dozens of other mindless "industries"
I can’t wait to get old and be bald and wear a purple velvet cape!
This was wonderful, Mina! Thank you. I'm English and we don't generally put such pressure on women to be eternally young as in the U.S., but there is still that derision towards middle-aged females. I have begun ageing faster since hitting 50 a few years ago, and it is hard to let go of the self I used to see reflected in the mirror. The abysmal choice of affordable clothing really does not help. I reject A-line tops and skirts, and 3/4 length trousers with flat, ugly shoes. But what is left when 'young' clothes no longer fit right? There is a gap in the market that sadly no one wants to fill. Perhaps creating one's own style is the only road forward.
This is great. Im 48 now but look much younger because of many reasons (genes, circumstance, health, peels). I still fit into very youthful clothes and have many of my well made clothes from decades past (man that sounds old). So now im faced with I probably shouldn't wear them but i still like some. Im about to head to a clothing swap. Presumably it will be younger women with less quakity clothing but Im arill confised on how to do aging. Money help i think because a lot of well tailored clothes work regardless of age. Wish i had more lol (money not years 😅)
It would appear that you have more of  a problem with old age than I do! I am 73 and having the time of my life! I feel free to choose whatever clothes I like...and I like fashion...classy fashion AND if you think sex is off the menu, think again. I travel where I want when I want, without the restrictions I had when I was young. Maybe you should do a vid. on 'The Older Woman". You might tap into some interesting revelations! Mind you, your research seems to be pretty dodgy! Most of this is rubbish and misinformed!
Why are women always compared to food??
Really enjoyed your presentation. As a 56 year old woman who wears what the hell she wants, I loved your take on things. The historical background was fascinating. I love clothes. I am going through a shape shift as I age for sure, but to me 'fashion' is about fun, whilst 'dress' is about who I am. I now wear things I didn't have the confidence to wear when I was younger! I aim to express my unique sense of style which in itself is an expression of personality and character. Does that make sense? Currently wearing a yellow Tweetie Pie lounge sweater from Primark, a pink beanie and a pair of black leggings. Wear what you want. Always.
I'd rather be mutton dressed as lamb than lamb dressed as roadkill...the secret to happiness is wearing whatever makes you feel good ❤
The idea of aging isnt scary to me because of what it entails, only because of what i will miss. By that i mean, I'm still losing weight after being plus size my whole adult life and im becoming prettier. 24 isnt so old but my face will change so rapidly in the next few years and that face I could have loved when I was younger if only i had eaten healthier will only stay with me for such a short amount of time before i turn into someone else entirely.
To be fair I am 35 and I go out much less. My body is also disappointing compared to what it used to be. Comfy cozy clothing starts to appeal. I am at an age where societally I still can dress in trends, but I just don’t find myself wanting to. I catch myself looking a bit matronly more often than I would.
Is this an American issue because there are lots of stylish clothes here in Europe for older women because we don't have an old ladies category of clothing. We have clothing for children, teens/young adults, and adults. A woman in her 70s might prefer a cardigan with her jeans over a trendy T-shirt, but any clothing I buy can be worn by adult woman. Watch some videos of French or Italian women and you'll see many who dress very tastefully at any age. 😊
Al pacino father at  82 years old 4:58
Just watched season 19 (I think) Project Runway, and the worst - and frequent - admonition of clothing design was that it was “old”. For an old woman. A crime, a shame! Cloths for OLD WOMEN?? Or, OMG - a young woman would look OLD?? Wow…age is not contagious
I ignore trends as I get older, Ive figured out what colours I look good in and the styles that suit me. Young women might be firm, but, they haven't figured themselves out yet. Being invisible as an older woman affords a certain amount of freedom.
Do you thing Marie Curie or Ruth Bader Ginsberg gave a crap about what the fashion industry did? It is nothing more than a way to financially exploit young people with no self-confidence and nothing more substantial to do with their lives. The irony in all this is that the clothes younger women wear are designed to reinforce the patriarchal valuing of  their primary function as sex objects. News Flash: it's GREAT to get older and not be one. No sane woman wants to be attracting people primarily interested in them as sex objects. Now, you attract people who aren't so shallow and might just value you first as an intelligent, witty, caring human being contributing something real to society. Not to mention short skirts and high heels are painful, embarrassing, and restrictive. Not wearing all this sex-attractant stuff sends the important symbol that you aren't a slave to fashion or the patriarchy and have the confidence to be something better.
This is so true. Thank for bringing this up. unless your naturally thin (argh! :),  your waist gets thicker partly because you shrink a bit, and your damn back gets a bit more padding. okay, so there’s that.  then there’s women who have larger breasts who have an even harder time, because shirts are not tapered, tunics are not tapered, so they hang down from your boobs and you automatically gain like 30 lbs.  if you belt them, they bunch up. when younger i had no lumps showing, so now i tighter shirts are out. It would really be nice to be able to get reasonably priced* clothing for us!!!!  that fit  !!!!!!  (* younger women out there, due to various reasons, not of our own making even, we don’t have Money, just like many younger people!) do you know that in the 50’s and 60’s shirts with buttons had darts, so the shirt didn’t span. You could also get all sizes - like 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 etc. so clothes fit!! They’ve also downgraded sizes, so what used to be a 14 is now a 12.  and one more thing, now you can’t even get your size, it’s S, M, L , XL, etc. which span at least 2 sizes!!!  so it’s an M, which doesn’t fit your boobs, or an L, which in every other way is too big! Frustration ain’t even the word.  So much for my complaining. Sorry, sometimes one gets very annoyed :).  Have a great day, sweetie.  ☀️🌷🌱
I'm 56. I look my age and have no desire to look younger. I love clothes and dressing up and attract criticism for it. But I don't care. I'm not particularly flamboyant but I dress in pretty clothes that I like and am drawn to and that I find flattering. Life's too short to listen to the naysayers and not be your true self as a result. Eff those judgemental arses 😊
I'm 53 and a lot of what I like and wear comes into style/trendiness at times, and I cringe when I wonder if I'm going to look like I'm trying to fit in while I'm wearing something I've had for years. But on the other hand, I started making my own clothes again about 2 years ago, and in addition to making things I already like, I'm experimenting and trying styles and colors I hadn't before, mostly because now I can make them to fit me and my proportions, not a 5'7" size 4, broad-shouldered model. My style is very rock 'n roll/slightly goth/heavy 80s, which I will never age out of. I'm entering my Endora (MIL on Bewitched) phase of life and I'm digging it. I'll take Rock 'n Roll Endora over Coastal Grandma, pls. I know this video is kind of old now, too, but it is really a great watch and very thought provoking.
I'm 38 and I'm sure that the fashion industry sees me as an "older woman" not worth their time. But on some level, it kind of makes sense why they don't bother. Women around my age and older are less concerned about external validation and don't feel a need to follow the trends or buy as much useless stuff to impress other people. We're even seeing the same trend with anti-aging skincare...now the ads are all about "prevention" rather than treating visible signs of aging. The more insecure the target demographic, the more money these companies stand to make off of them. So they sadly go for the younger demographic (who has easy access to credit these days even if they can't truly afford what they buy).
Funny story, I had long hair and cut it short and went from  ‘miss’ to ‘ma’am’ in ONE HOUR.  I was TWENTY FOUR (24).  It’s cultural bullshit, there’s nothing objective about it.  I went back to ‘miss’ the second my hair hit my shoulders.
All of fashion is a PSY op, hon!😂
Since I retired, i have changed my style. After working in the corporate world for many years, I now want to have fun with fashion. I do edgy classic. On my creative days I might do boho, mostly black but with fun jewelry and hats. The best thing about aging is you don't care what anyone else thinks, you suit yourself.
love what you had to say but the whole video i was staring at your hairstyle because it is to die for it’s so beautiful omg
I just don’t understand the inability to pronounce the word WOMEN   The plural of woman is women!  These two words are pronounced differently! It’s not hard. Am I missing something? This seems to be an ongoing thing with women under that age of 35. What’s up with this?
Well said: "they have just become too mature to fall for passing fads"
Oh hey māori rep! Also 'moko' has a longer 'o' sound
In Poland we have a saying “stara malutka” which translates to “tiny oldie” to shame older women for dressing in clothes directed to younger generation… I hate it
Thank you! I love this, so informative. You're a great presenter
An older person I really look up to that has been doing her thing for years is Iris Apfel. She is an inspiration of an old woman choosing to have her own style and not care about the dull rules about dressing in dull colours and "your" age. Rocking cool outfits at 102 years old.
On the other hand, now that I’m 60, I find it’s more important to look wealthy and confident than sexy if I want to be respected by anyone or noticed by prospective partners.  And I’ve also realized that men don’t really care what you look like as long as you’re confident and reasonably clean.  If only young girls realized this the fashion and cosmetic industry would go out of business.
Coincidentally, I found this video just now, at 39, I'm set to turn 40 next month (ignore the pic, it's extremely old, I was 27 in this pic lol), and I feel like I'm kinda at a weird reinvention crossroads when it comes to my style. I feel like it's taken on a more bold edge than it has in a while. In addition to this, my body has more constraints than it used to due to my disabilities and chronic illnesses. I get more stomach bloating from my condition due to the amount of salt that I have to consume to keep my vitals right.  I get dizzy from my condition so I can't wear heels like I used to. I love shoes and sometimes it's more work finding a sexy flat that works with my smaller narrower feet and still has support (and boo on all those ugly shapeless ballet flats that curl up and have no support in their weak sole, 2005 called and wants them back, they should have STAYED gone). Also, my joints are more floppy and end up putting me in way more pain so there are times I've had to put kt tape on myself, which can be visible. My vascular system is a mess and I have to keep the blood returning up with pretty strong compression stockings.   But I'm adamant that I'm going to do whatever to keep myself from looking so-called "matronly" because I'm not ready to excessively age that much as of just yet. Because part of the understanding of disability too is that it doesn't just happen to elderly people, and a lot of things are marketed to elderly people without any kind of regards to fashion or taste at all, like they assume that you get old and that you just... give up. Or disappear. which is what they also want disabled people to do as well. Which is the antithesis to what I believe. I will do anything but disappear. I was made to stand out, and I will.   But when it comes to disability being visible or invisible, with the exceptions of some places, stuff isn't designed with being a fashionable disabled person in mind (there are, of course, exceptions, like the cane brand SwitchSticks, which comes in fashionable designs and I have a cane stool with a fancy design on it that ALL the old ladies ask me about). If you look at some stuff, like strong enough compression stockings though (by strong enough, I mean at least 20-30, if not 30-40 strength, and aside from some poorly marked runner stockings on amazon that may not even be accurately above 20 strength, and most anything fashionable that claims to be "compression" is only usually 8-15 which isn't anywhere close to strong enough), at the very firm strength, you get mostly two options:.... "plain black"... and "medicalized beige" (which usually matches nobody's skin tone aside from the oranging undertones of maybelline's dream matte mousse foundation, and I'm sure some older millennials are chuckling because they KNOW exactly what it is that I'm talking about since that foundation turned everyone orange). I've done things to adapt to the clashing of my less matching compression stockings, I've covered them up with sexy flat knee high boots, I've put knit fishnet style stockings over them that disguised them, other types of socks or stockings over them, or opted for the strongest sheer ones I could find (allegro, evonation, and jomi are some brands that I've bought my more sheer or fashionable fancy compression stockings from, and although almost passable, all the beige ones are still darker than my actual skintone).   I'm having to be choicier about my fashion than I used to be due to these disability constraints, but, at the same time, for whatever reason, I feel more fashionable now than I have ever been my whole life as well. When I was young, I used to buy whatever was in style at goordmans or deb. or rainbow. or sears, or penneys. Whatever. But now I know what my style is at this point, what works for me, and what aesthetic I follow. I also know what will last the test of time (aka not stuff with loose sequins or PU stuff that falls apart in a few years time). Granted, I'm also here to ride a little bit of the revival of the Y2K fashion aesthetic wave the second time around in some regards, because some of those fashions are fun when it comes to textural variation as well as shapes. I also love the amount of color in recent fashion as well. I also I aim to make things effortless in a confident way.  Maybe one of these days I can be one of those fashionable old ladies at the art museum. That's my aim. Because the day I stop being fashionable is the day I die.
i love minas hair in this video
My experience in life is that most of the criticism of women in general  come from women
So interesting and well researched! Well done. 👍
Those supposed postures at 6:06 - seriously?
I would be very interested in seeing how this applies to cultures where younger and older women dress exactly the same. I'm Jewish and the "black skirt, sweater, and shirt" is the same for all ages. Obviously married women will wear wigs or tichels but the wigs usually look very real, so that's not as obvious for aging. I don't think that we have such fashion rules for older women.
Amusing when commission-based sales people at Ulta ignore me to only wait on young ones who buy one item, while I'm dropping $300+ on serum, cremes and makeup. Sometimes an older sales rep will wait on me, but usually when I reach the cash register and am asked who helped me, I sadly have to say nobody, and they lose a potential commission. #dobetter
But the lady from Aristocats is iconic in this context as she made the kitties her heirs  Tbh I wouldn't  mind living in a nice house with a bunch of cats minus the evil butler
As a woman over 50.  I refuse to wear old lady clothes.  My husband just died last year and so I have decided to wear the style of clothes I feel good wearing….that means boho style and a lot of Mag. Pearl. I married at 19 and really didn’t get to develop my own personal style. I am aware of my age but I too can find clothes that make me happy and I could care less others judging me.  Feel good in your own skin!  ❤
Unscrupulous  butchers would sell mutton disguised as lamb. By dressing it like it was a lamb chop. Therefore, the phrase had a connotation of an older woman trying to fool people into thinking she was younger. 😊
How many older women are in the US? A substantial number. To be honest....the real reason the fashion industry balks is that all women are different sizes...its so easy to design for a size 2 hourglass and nothing else.
Heaven forbid an older woman 'fool' a man that she is younger and virginal...what??? You've had sex before? You cant bear my son? you evil witch...
Oh ya. Also...where u are plays a major role. I lived  in NYC and Bklyn and NJ;  now retired in VA. Women and stores show the happy gardener look. Nope. In NJ, it was the happy yoga look. I have Nike leggings and black tops. It's a moshpit. All my skirts black mini pencil skirts. Chelsea boots or Pumas. My aunt was on Blackwell's worst dressed list. It's shape or architecture not pieces. I do whatever and I'm over 70. I just dial down my VA look if that's a thing. Fun vid
You put am amazing amount of work into this video. It paid off. Wonderful, complete expose of older women's fashions and sensibilities.
In my English class we've been reading about gender stereotypes in advertising. One of the things is that they'll airbrush all the wrinkles off of  older women to make them look as young as possible in magazines and ads and stuff, and then they'll accurately show older men because, even in the most insignificant ways, the stereotype is that men should focus on their career and achievements whereas women should focus on their looks. It's honestly sad that stereotypes like that still influence stuff
Older women here wear what you like and own it. I get a suprising amount of compliments for my bright wardrobe.
oh my gosh you're outfit is so fetch!
My friend went to Mecca on Hajj.  Then in her 40s she was telling me about it when she got back.  She was horrified to discover what the Saudi girls and women wore under their burkas.  Mini skirts, skimpy tops and as she told me, provocative clothes.  It was very interesting to me to learn this!
So interesting!  I notice that older models are the same shape as the younger models.  The increasing use of plus style models is much more helpful.
I am 70 years old and proud of it, but I absolutely hate shopping for clothing. Nothing is made to fit me correctly. There is a difference between the price of a piece of clothing that is made in a solid colored and one that is a print or has any kind of added design feature. For all of us older ladies on fixed incomes, the fashion industry has decided that our clothes should be Available in a few colors and have absolutely no style elements added. It has been decades since I have seen a blouse that actually had darts sewn into it. A lot of people probably don’t even know what darts are. It is impossible to find some kinds of fabric. Everything is cheap synthetic if a piece of clothing is made extremely well and made from any kind of quality fabric, I can’t afford it. I am sick of fashion segments on television that talk about clothing being affordable and then show me a pair of shorts that cost $60 or a skirt that cost $80. These people have no concept of what affordable really is.
An "industry" does not and cannot hate. Only individuals, largely humn, can develop hate.  Other animals may have learned aggressive or avoidant response through sensory experience and asdociative rezponse, but it may be that only the 3 social primate species retain obsessive misdirected attention to those not present, to injure or otherwise erroneously occupy their selves with debilitation attention to the products of their imagination.  Ask yourself first: Why does an individual seek to arouse me against an industry or an older woman? Then:  Is that individual motive able to be discerned?  (as the fashion of clothes i wear directly related only to utility in the variable weather i experience, and the reliability and durability of such wear, i have no other interest in this attempt to combatively arous coalitional opposition. I suggest that, rather than taking up arms - in any analogical orvfigurative way - that one question the tendency of any other individual to attempt to arouse others, creating coalition of angry chimps. Unless of course, such anger & coalitional violence gives you pleasure. In the latter case, i suggest distinctive facial tattoos)
This keeps making me think about how we're supposed to be horribly offended about giving our age... I have never minded giving mine and I never will. Sometimes people act like I'm strange for wanting to give it at all, ever, and that's been since I was a teenager. Why would I dare break the conformity that says that being a certain age is wrong?  I think everyone needs their own personal realization of freedom moment or moments. For me it came after I truly realized that I was doing everything in my life and guaranteeing my own worth only on what other people thought... and coincidentally indeed, one thing after the other I realize is because of how men think. We can see these men everywhere... they act as if a woman has completely lost worth at a certain point. Could be 13 or 14, 19, 20's, 30's... you know, I've heard it all. And it always leads back to one singular truth: It has to do with their discomfort and inability to feel satisfied with themselves. What other type of person would break down another human being?
I do think that older women know their needs better and can better recognize trends, on the whole - just like we tend to have learned how to read people better or any other knowledge you can only gain through experience. For my own part i think my style leans "vintage" in a few overall ways that doesn't bow to trends as much as it did when i was young, and i can see myself wearing a lot of the things i've found work for me for decades. But also i just have a dislike of things i associate with my youth! I used to only wear miniskirts and now i hate them and they look juvenile to me, but only on myself and i think personally, only because i was obsessed with them in my teens and early 20s. To me they evoke an immature version of myself; i feel like i am dressing as her, not like i am dressing younger. I feel like in that sense some of the fashion "rules" are self-reinforcing.
As a older woman - soon to be 68 , I'm not as slim as I was in high school but United States as a whole has gotten quite plump- not just old ladies and so clothing " for chubbier" older ladies is no longer  a section in regular stores like Target - one must decide oneself what is age appropriate ?  A problem Many of my fellow old ladies is that younger people are also much taller though and most clothing stores do not have a petite section and if they do - like Kohls - old lady clothes are hideous polyester knits with gauche prints pants sets
You've AGED OUT OF IT.  That's apart of the MATURING PROCESS.  Don't blame it on external forces.  Your tastes are leaning towards being more CLASSY instead of SHOWY.  That doesn't mean you can't show SKIN (Martha rocked that outfit at 81!) but it does mean not EVERY outfit showing skin will fit your tastes anymore... maybe NONE will because your realizing you don't have to show a lot of skin to be SEXY or SEDUCTIVE.
I went shopping about 6-7 months ago, I’m 60 years old I have never conformed to fashion trends, I have worn ankle length skirts and dresses since my mid-teenage years as well as jeans by the time I was 30 I preferred only ankle length outfits and had stopped wearing jeans 90% of the time when I hit 40 I no longer wore jeans but would wear tailored slacks once in a while but my go to was again the ankle length skirts/dresses when in public I wore leggings all the time at home as they were easy on the body when working in the yard unlike jeans. Once I hit 50 I stopped wearing trousers in public all together.  I have had to go back to making my own clothes simply because I no longer wanted to wear synthetics and unless you are willing to pay hundreds of dollars you could only get just that fast fashion throw away clothes. I want clothes that will last longer and I’m not going to find that in any shop out there.
I just wear what I feel. I am youthful in myself so it suits how I feel inside.
You lost me…when “patriarchy’ was mentioned.
This is a good topic to tackle. Currently in early 30s and my preferences for fashion have changed, though I will still wear a crop top from time to time. Personally, crop tops weren't something comfortable for me to wear until my late 20s (a mix of becoming more confident and crop tops becoming more of a hot fashion item). The hope is for fashion directed toward women to continue to evolve and with older women able to have a presence on social media. I see more and more people past their 50s make videos and posting pictures on socials. I'd say we have a lot to look forward to!
Excellent discussion and thank you. I am 62 and get compliments from women in their 20's. Should's and should nots (at any age) should be about color, fit, proportion and occasion. I told my daughters when they were young this advice: 1. Don't show it if it doesn’t look good. 2. Never show everything at once. Mystery is the most attractive quality in a woman.
Youth is a Gift...Age is an Art. Youthfulness is more about our mindset, how we carry ourselves, how we put together our outfits by color and structure that brings out the best in women of a certain age. That said the people with the best opinion on how mature women should or should not dress are precisely well experienced women of a certain age. Fashion rules  exist for a reason beyond what young people perceive on the surface.
The beautiful thing about being a married 42 yr old woman is that , my husband and children think im the most beautifiul woman, and it truly is all that matters. I dont care what other people think
We have a phrase "high school in the back, museum in front" ("z tyłu liceum, z przodu muzeum") to address woman dressed "too young" for their age 🙄 It's used less nowadays, but I remember hearing it a lot when I was a kid.
It is interesting that fashion designers have begun to feature some plus size models but no older people. Do they want to pretend they don't count?
Older women and men have more flavor ( more expirience, more daring to say what they mean, less anger, more acceptance) and sometimes making a statement with fashion gets too much. I think we put more emphasis on persona than style in society. Some choose to channel it through fashion and that feels age appropriate, but more as it comes with personality. And thats where two matrons wearing pink hair can get really different comnents. Its more about you personally than a fashion trend.  I do not like the cmment on inclusion of frail people. At all. We should shame older people to not accept frailty, since its often a choice that quickky pushes older folks to poorer health. Work, society push to keep trying support better aging. Speaking from expirience, sometimes ots cruel and noncaring if we are accepting frailty.
What I've learned in 50 years is wear what you want.  Ignore what others think.  If someone has an issue with what I wear, I don't care.  I'll wear neon in a second.  Bring on the brights. Bring yourself happiness.
To finish my original thought. At 4’11” and 112 lbs it’s impossible to find clothes. Even a petite pant has an inseam of 28”. Mine is 23”. Occasionally I can find a women’s capri that will make full length pants but they are always geared to summer climates.   I know nothing will change so I will continue to cut 6-10 inches of good fabric off!  Loved the video!
I just watched the video. Yes , I’m an older woman and buy very few clothes. I used to be younger like others of you. I was 5’2”at my tallest and weighed 6:26 100 to 120 lbs and made most of my clothes. You should do a video on shorter than petite fashions!  Now I am 4’11, 112 lbs and it is even harder to find
I turn 40 this year, and I feel like I've started to feel more confident in my style again after spending time in my 30's trying to adjust to a changing body (thankyou motherhood and disability). So found this video so interesting. Personally I'm aware that the fashion industry, and the entertainment industry sees women over 40 as invisible, so I'm choosing to see that as an opportunity to be free from their constraints. I'm going to wear what I like, whether it's age appropriate, trendy etc.
I never knew spinster was a negative term. Maybe old maid but maid is just a lady who has never been married. Some people are just old. Older people just don't buy clothes as often. Kind of like the joke having ties or sweaters older than a young person. Some people actually have clothes that old especially if their weight is consistant.
I am 60, going on 61 and after menopause, my body changed drastically.  Finding clothes that were not shapeless and still cute wasn't easy.  I started researching youtube about bigger sizes, sagging boobs etc. Anyway, long story short, I invested in good underwear, started following influencers my size and closer to my age, and found a good seamstress to tailor stuff for me. It didn't fix everything but it helped me reconcile myself with my new body. :) As for the "rules" for older women? They can kiss my fat a**. :D
A lot of good points, but in the end, the reality is your body does change and there are certain clothes you just won’t feel comfortable in anymore. Your skin also suffers through life and so you might have stains, be more flaccid, have cellulite.. and so it’s normal for your clothes to change. That doesn’t mean anyone can tell you what you should and shouldn’t wear. In the end clothes are a reflection of your inner soul.. so wear what you like and what you feel comfortable in.
love the intro as I am litterally spinning while watching this XD
Great topic and presentation! Brava 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Regarding the rituals of passage for girls as they age, I'm latina and quinceañeros were historically used to present girls in society as they got to a certain age. There's even the tradition of changing shoes from a casual no heel shoe to high heels in the party, to represent the girl being finally of age to wear them. These days it's optional and I didn’t do it, but many of my classmates did. As for marriage & hair, in ancient china once a woman got married she'd only use her hair up in buns, while younger girls were expected to always have it down. It's interesting to see how different cultures interpret aging and how it hasn't always had a negative connotation!
Before even listening to the video, i will say that i just reached my 30s and while ive always struggled with "style" i definitely noticed i have much harder a time trying to change anything. Im either too old to wear it or it will make me too old if i do! And some things i wore in my 20s and looked great now make me look 50 (at least by standards of dress vs age). i am more modest than i would choose to be while still feeling not modest enough (in button ups and jeans) as a 30 year old mom. Being a mom/grandma also changes the way you think. I was 20 when i stopped wearing short skirts and showing cleavage mainly because i became a mom and it wasnt acceptable (not that i mind not doing that lol) I think I dressed a bit too provocative too young on the opposite end
As a 61 year old woman I approve this message.  When younger I always dressed conservatively.  In fact was teased a lot for dressing "older".  I always liked the preppy Ralph Lauren type clothing.  Now at my age, I finally look the part.  I always thought a crisp white button down looks classic and appropriate at any age.  I'm not perfect and probably shouldn't give advise but here it is:  make sure you have a good fitting bra.  Keep the ladies up where they should be.  This is a great video.  Thank you.
A thought provoking, well put together vlog.
What a smart young woman!
And What to think about OLDER MEN ?? Stupid video. 🤣
At 72, I wear jeans and T-shirts because they are comfortable.  I make sure the pockets are big enough and otherwise that is about all I care about.  I have a black suit (pants with a blazer style jacket) and a bunch of colorful blouses/tanks to wear with it. I don't worry about fashion just comfort.
This was something I loved about Mrs. Harris goes to Paris - it's sort of a fairytale-ish movie, with lots of pretty dresses and a fashion makeover where our main character isn't a girl in her late teens or early twenties. I thought it was so delightful and it took such a different stance to what we're used to.
I've watched you for over a year and the more topics you tackle, the more impressive I find you. This one was on target.
It really should be a mark of skill and production to clothe anybody. But, no, the clothes are made, and bodies are hired to flaunt the clothes. A designer turns up his nose and says, my styles are for the young and slim! Never mind the fact that he admits he can't sew, can't draw, and can't really design clothing at all.
You look your best when you're comfortable 🤩
So happy that you showed Carmen Dell'Orifice- More beautiful now than she was in her 20's. The epitome of elegance and chic
When I was young fashion was always geared to the older woman who had style and taste. But in the 60’s we started to get the younger fashion designers like Mary Quant and everything went down hill. Clothes were sold in fashion boutiques and clothes for older women became frumpy. Today at 73 I go shopping and there is NOTHING for me in the clothing shops. Shoes are uncomfortable and lack style and clothes look hideous. I was only saying to a fellow shopper that the fabrics and colours were horrid and clothes were so lacking in cut and design that they looked like the overalls that cleaners wore in the 50’s. I suppose I will have to go on making my own clothes even though buying cloth and fabrics is equally hard to come by. At least I know that the sleeves are sewn in properly, button holes are neat, and buttons sewn on so that they don’t fall off. And hems are stitched properly and level.
Mina, i love to drink oat-ly too!
God, please learn how to pronounce ‘women.’
i’m 22 but people make fun of the way i dress, specially in winter. “you look like a grandma”, they say. and, honestly, i wear that compliment as a badge of honor. “grandmas” know exactly what they are doing.
This was an interesting analysis. Two points you didn’t touch was the dearth of modest fashions and their lack in plus sizes. Many of today's fashions meant for everyday wear reveal décolletage (low enough to highlight bosoms), are sheer, form-fitting (even leggings), and even long skirts can have high slits. "Sexy" is not appropriate for the workplace. As an observant Jew living outside of New York, where there are many stores specializing in modest clothing, I find it difficult to shop for these styles, and being a larger size adds more difficulty. I simply wanted a khaki mid-length skirt. Not easily available on my budget. I found some that were knee-length but far from the quality I expected, like that of even 20 years ago. Sigh.
Oh you forgot Advanced Style, the most amazing older ladies are documented here
I'm ten years older than you, and don't follow fashion consciously. My clothing hangups tend to revolve around my own body rather than the clothes themselves, but I'm working on both my self love and physical fitness
Me, aged 24, closet filled almost exclusively with midi skirts and turtlenecks: 👁👄👁
Maybe it's because I'm older but I like Clinton Kelly's take. It's not that more mature women can't participate in trends it's more that we're less likely to be drawn into a style simply because it's trendy. We know what we like and what suits us. It also becomes easier to look at fashion and see what's genuinely good design and what's silly and going to be stylish for five minutes and disappear forever. Over time it becomes more obvious that some things will always look good, some things may go out but will always be back before long and what people will be rolling their eyes about in two years.
When you’re younger most women want to attract a mate, hence wanting to look young (fashionable) and as good and as possible. When you are older that’s less of an issue for most, so as long as you feel comfortable and look how you want to, you care much less about fashion and what others think about you. Obviously there are some women who are really drawn to fashion so want to be fashionable, which is cool, but most just want to feel good in themselves. You are more concerned about health as you get older not fashion.
age is NOT "just" a social construct. Age is many things deeply felt and physically manifested. If the fashion industry could reflect that, then we'd be getting somewhere.
Kept knees🐈 together,  the longer the industry stayed Amen evening &strawberry milk 🧸🍨
I'll be 30 later this year, and I've found myself thinking more and more that I'm too old for things like unnaturally colored hair. Which I know is not true. I see many women much older than me still rocking it.
Hold onto your fashionista hat,  ALL INDUSTRIES HATE OLDER WOMEN!!
Nicely done! As I age, I've given a lot of thought to how I approach my fashion choices. Having been punk/goth in my 20s, I'm certainly not about to start caring very much about other people's approval as I approach 60. (Nor do I worry about being marketed to - I thrift pretty much everything - so much better for the planet!) But I'll be damned if I'm going to be invisible. I mostly play with fashion in ways that are interesting to me...usually, either 50s-60s vintage or a foresty version of strega. Fortunately, I have a job where showing up wearing layered sequin, tulle & cotton skirts, fishnets, boots and a couple flowing cardigans is acceptable. Oh, and I do dye my hair. Mostly pink. Not going to give up my unnatural hair colours and piercings just because the kids caught on, lol.
Humans in general have trouble with that circle of life idea. Many people avoid topics like death and dying until they're on their inevitable last breath. Ironic, huh.
I'm 66 and don't dress in the typically conservative style. I also love mid (20th) century vintage style and sew most of my own clothes so I can get the fit right.  Thank you for this, I really enjoyed it. Just one thing, I would have liked to see Iris Apfel mentioned as well :) ETA: I got a very disapproving look from some bitchy woman (also older) when I was dressed the way I liked. I just looked her straight in the eye, smiled and said hi. She didn't respond LOL
Just had a conversation with my sister the other day(we are both over 60)...her teenage coworker  told her that Skechers are old lady shoes.  Hahaha😂...so be it, I'll  keep wearing  those VERY COMFORTABLE shoes.
SUCH an interesting topic! As a now 'middle aged woman', it does make me think more about how clothing is looked at and marketed to older women. I have always loved historical clothing, and have a large collection of 1930s - 40s clothes that I wear fairly regularly, but not every day. When I wear it, I do my hair in the styles contemporary to the clothing, and yes, it could be considered to make me look 'older', but I receive so many compliments on my look, that it cheers me up. As noted, then generally women wanted to look more mature and not like children! The rest of the time I wear either a uniform for work (practical; completely unflattering), or wide legged trousers, stripey tops and handknit cardigans/jumpers (sweaters) in colours that suit me. Then I often have people think I am the requisite 'ten years younger'. Considering I have fairly 'old lady' hobbies/habits/lifestyle, it makes me chuckle! The other thing is that I decided many years ago not to dye my hair, for a number of reasons. I have a few white hairs creeping in now, and that made me question how I'll feel about it as they become more prolific. I think I'll be ok with it.
I agree with a lot of the points. But I think it lacks the biological reason why youth especially in women will always be automatically seen as more beautiful: being able to have children and so having a certain effect on men. I dislike this, being over 40 and female :D but a lot of studies show this over and over again, if we like it or not (things like smooth skin, clear eyes, full hair etc.). We won't be able to change this, ever. We are animals.  Also, certain cloths don't fit certain body types and certain cloths like a mini skirt will show of parts of the body that look nicer while being young. That doesnt mean that women can't dress how they want, but if others find it flattering what they are wearing is not in their control. I just know a handful of older women who can wear mini skirts without lookin bad in it because they still have great looking legs without veins. I never wore them, I never had great legs - and I don't care. I'd rather wear cloths that fit my body type and make me look good (I don't care about younger) and not to wear it just to be a rebel, because I still would know it simply doesn't look good. This being said I think a lot of cloths that are worn by young people today (like this skin-tight short dresses American young women always seem to wear) don't look good on young nor older women in my opinion :D
All the sponsored ads associated with this video feature young women.
As a spinster (40's) I think women my age see through the crap of the fashion issue. F them I wear what I want, when I want.
great video! thank you
amazing video but also your hair is looking beautiful!!!
The fashion industry has always hated older women.
8:05- 1902 Harper's bazar article  14:50- satire 18th century satire pieces
Mina. You're a gem! I'll be 35 soon. That means skin tight tops and low rise jeans of my highschool years morphed into the skinny jeans and skimpy dresses in my uni years. Im so happy I've been able to prioritize comfort in my style as ive gotten older. Relaxed fits, natural fabrics, supportive footwear and no more GD underwires! I dont think ive ever looked better. I hope im the type of old lady who lives in bright colours, bold prints and fun glasses. Thats the dream!
Most clothing and cosmetic brands can be styled to suit all ages. Know what you like and wear it with confidence. A brand marketed specifically to matronly women wouldn’t do well.
I remember watching the Golden Girls as a kid, I always appreciated how Blanche dressed😊
Thing is…no one can do anything but have rude comments/dirty looks, there’s no actual fashion police that will jump out and give you a ticket or anything 😂. Also, as u get older u can tell folks to ‘f’ off!!!  And, those that talk ish are hideous no matter what they’re wearing 😂😅
Interesting point with colouring, your own colouring fades over time generally which is why they go for draber colours for older ladies. In your into find your colour it's good to occasionally reassess it when you feel like something looks off. You may find black makes you look drained and go for charcoal grey instead. Fashion should be about making yourself feel good so if you find your not satisfied with your wardrobe anymore, it may be time to reassess your colouring and body shape to see if your body has changed
Maybe the best way to triumph against sexism and ageism is to ignore it. Living well is the best revenge.  It's frustrating when you can't afford much of any type of clothing because you're earning poverty wages. Also frustrating that when you do get a few shillings in your pocket, it's hard to find clothing in the right colors!  As Mina noted, older women were advised to wear darker clothing - there's a reason for that! Brighter, lighter fabrics reflect light up to the neck and face, highlighting imperfections and wrinkles. But it also helps to choose colors that look good with one's skin tone and that can be difficult to find when ladies clothing shops are often a sea of taupe, navy blue and a few feral reds (and navy blue is ghastly for some skin tones, like mine!).  It was always pretty obvious that the fashion industry was snobby, elitist, filled with overbearing wanna-be influencers, concerned with the wealthy and could care less about average women from the lower classes buying pret a porter.  I find a great deal of amusement by being a snobby, elitist poor person who doesn't give a furry rat's a*s about the fashion industry. I wear what fits & feels comfortable, and every once in a while I manage to find something in a color I like. In any case, it gets bloody cold around here and everyone looks like a stuffed teddy bear my mid-January. Fashion is irrelevant when its zero degrees Fahrenheit.
Hi Mina,  At age 67 I just discovered women's fashion in the last 5 years. I follow 30- something influencers and I know what I think will flatter me. As I'm just getting my 'feet wet', I expect to go through different phases but like time-lapse photography. I thank you for the deeply researched historical context for this brilliant topic. The one word I'd like to contribute is 'image'. Clothing is self-expression and I believe it's our chosen identity that should determine our style. The more we know ourself and are comfortable with ourself, the more our clothing will be an adornment and embellishmebt of our beauty as women.
Could you also do a video about older men? As in, there doesn't seem to be much of fashion at all for older men. The clothes used to be of quality (cotton) until suddenly they too fell victim but it was super interesting shopping with my mom and buying clothes for my father, and I couldn't find 1 top that wasn't polyester in some stores while all his shirts were cotton. While simultaneously they were all so boring!
I love reading the viewer's comments.
I'm almost 70, and I have refreshingly found that it's an advantage over being young. I have found I didn't like being young all that much. I was inexperienced so I was used a lot by people. Now, I have life experience and that is not a problem anymore. I now have real friends. Being from an engineering field, I had mostly young males for bosses. I found I had the upper hand as I had more experience than he. I do not get depressed anymore bc I understand myself. AND the best part, the BEST part of all, I don't have to work anymore. I'm retired! I have all the time in the world. I used to feel strangled and stifled bc there was no time to live. I can now do all my activities that I was denied when I was younger bc I was chained to a job. There's time now, time enough at last!!!!!!! I have no desire to be young again. All my life I dreaded growing old but I was so stupid for worrying about it. I'm happier than I've ever been. And as far as looking good, well you can take care of that, exercise and eat right, that takes care of that! Being young? NO THANK YOU!
AS @lesliewarnell  said here before:  I Made my own Fashion...and I Look good, adorable, "in Fashion", more trendy as a lot of very Young People  .but I'm 68...doesn't matter, If you are INSIDE Same as your Outside !  Stay authentic 🥰👍🏻🥰🤗❣️
First, your blouse is beautiful.   Second, the woman at 36:13 looks amazing, that whole outfit is adorable. I've seen older women who look incredibly fashionable and are proud of that fact. I always make sure to compliment their outfits, and they're so happy to hear it. I think women appreciate compliments from other women in general.  Third, I'm in my mid thirties, plus size, and am part of the alt fashion community. I will continue to make and wear my own Victorian-inspired, lolita, gothic, and kawaii fashion until my dying day. If I design it, or find it cute, I'm going to wear it despite what society says.
As I age, I care less about being fashionable. My favorite outfit is jeans, sneakers, a polo shirt, and a cardigan.   These are classic.  I'm 77 and I dye my hair auburn.   Comparing us to wealthy actresses isn't fair, and quoting from a 60-year-old movie and a 1949 magazine are irrelevant.   Dressing for a special occasion, however, is problematic for me.
How did Julia Roberts pop up in a discussion of Georgian women?
The tv show RESCUE ME was mainly appealing to me because it had women over 40, looking great and dressed very sexy but no “mutton dressed as lamb” look
Excellent presentation!  Thank you for sharing your research and insights
reading the comments, it makes me sad that 30-40 is considered older. to me, older is 70 or more! but most of my friends have been people older than me (21) so perhaps that's it
the fashion industry hates biological women ... model standards are a MENS's size zero ... a majority of models in womens', 99 percent are a mens' size zero along with having male skeletalture ... yes...
I clicked on this because I am an old lady.  Yes, I know they no longer make clothes for me.  But they used to, hence why I make vintage style clothes for myself.  At 65, when I get dolled up in a dress I made from a 1920s pattern, hat, shoes, gloves included, I look damn amazing.
22:29 nice way to emphasize the statement. This is an excellent piece, totally engrossed. I just turned 46, I constantly try to figure out what that means 😅I work with a much younger group while I may not have nailed down what I do want, I certainly know what I do not. I am now feeling thankful my taste has never been trendy but more classic.
This is really a balm for my self-esteem. Im hovering around 40 and the "invisibility" part really hits home. I don't have to disappear as i age.
How about dressing in a very conservative simplistic manner with a clean body teeth and hair. That is what my grandma taught me.
When you mentioned current fahsion trends inspired by fashion for/from older women, that made me remember I recently saw a video about how in China they had a trend recently of young women dressing like their older aunties kind of
I love love love this history lesson and reflection of fashion. I am 55 and I dress and look however I want to. And I get comment from same age and elder women, always women, that I dress too”young” or too boring or too much color or too much black (it’s never right ha, ha!). And they comment on that I should cut my hair, that I should tone or dye my hair and get rid of the grey. And of course I should start using make up (I enjoy make up and actually know some about it after being in music and theatre but rarely use make up daily). They have so much opinions about how I look and that I don’t care about weight or that I have “a belly”. And apparently it’s a huge problem that I rarely use a bra, interesting since most people can’t tell if I do or don’t.  So many opinions! Everyone, look the way you feel good about yourselves!
Makes me think in the old lady tgat its all green, and the old lady that weared all pink, and so many others in tik tok that have always been fashionable and follow no trend. We should just let old people feel beautiful too!
Has anyone seen the latest Loewe campaign featuring Maggie Smith? Be careful what you wish for!
Well they've never been keen on young or older females who are not stick thin either , sadly.
"Let's note that they are all white"... yes let's be racist but most of all extremely hypocrite
At the beginning of the video , which  i watched after your sweater one, your look ...i thought neat a costume. After you disagreed with Kelly's remarks ( as a 60+ woman I found that your thoughts) on " conserving" your look you looked granny core . Its Slesingrs? cat all over 😂 i have noticed that young women dress " slutty" when out to catch a male ( as they are more visual) but those same women once married cover up so other males dont get to see the goods....
Victoria Secret added plus sized women to their model lineup and that is awesome.  But I noticed they still refuse to add older women to any of their advertising campaigns.  I think that really sucks    And it says a lot about the company.
Diane Keaton has timeless style.
O.k........................Fuck Fashion...............
We used to be young and beautiful. Now we are just beautiful. ❤
Aging means you didn't die...(yet.) Kudos!! 👏👏👏🎉
The older women with money will not spend money on stupid trends…. That’s why…. Follow the money.
when i was younger mutton dressed as lamb meant you're dressing above your station ie a trailer trash person wearing clothing that was seen as above their station. an example would be lindsay lohan. when someone saying someone is mutton it just meant ugly / trashy (because mutton is a cheaper meat to buy presumably)
Bluntly put as a woman sees her first gray hairs and first wrinkles we struggle hard to feel relevant in the first place.  Add on the crap fashion fostered on us and we struggle super hard to accept ourselves.  I do opt for dresses more often than pants but I still dress in a way that suits ME not high fashion.  One thing that we start to feel?  Like we don't need to try anymore.  Menopause is uncontrollable and we won't know our bodies anymore.  I call bull on both.  I work out 5 days a week.  Yoga, cardio, running, weights and I intermittent fast - I have three kids and I refuse to accept the whole menopause body.
I just turned 29 yesterday and people keep asking me how I’m handling being “old” and if I’m sad I am almost 30. It is ridiculous. You would think I’m on my death bed.
:) Covid gave me the freedom if not wearing make-up and i stopped coloring my hair !  am 46 and unless I HAVE  to wear makeup.. i put on my face mosturizer and go to work :)
What a great channel. Just discovered it!
A lot of the rules for older women also apply to fat women. Expected to dissapear and cover up.
If you feel funny about wearing a trend or something that’s obviously designed for young then don’t wear it. If you try to fight it you WILL look foolish. Attitude carries the day in most situations but you can still look ridiculous even if you think you look great.
The money is where the youth are when it comes to trendy fashion. I’m 78 and have always dressed in styles that look good on my body type and height (petite). I’ve never had a problem finding great fashion choices for myself perhaps because I’m not trying to dress younger or older…I just want to look classy.   I do think seniors look ridiculous wearing styles that 20 year olds are in to because that only magnifies your age by making you look silly.
This will all change as soon as one older lady has had enough and starts a really cool line of clothes for her age group and gets really successful all over the country with it. As soon be as the fashion industry sees someone getting rich making fashionable clothes for older women, they will step in line and everything will change.❤️🐝🤗
Old women, in 14th century to even today, were/are referred to as birds. Angry Birds the video game played on this concept. Old people in general are not respected as much as they should be anywhere. Why should the fashion industry be any different? Life is centered around the youth in most first world countries and they're the ones who drive the market.  The presenter calls the older hair style worn by both young and older as "old lady perm", and she calls the glasses "granny glasses", which only exasperates the issue.
Your opinion about this topic is not true. Country Road now is considered older women to modelling their collections. 😊
I love looking at all of the creative looks through Advanced Style. ;) That will be me when I get there.
The best part about being an older woman, single/divorced/married) is your past the point of pleasing everyone. Your wisdom and confidence is acquired. Nobody is going to care about you more than yourself.
at least in 1902 there was Advice!!  And that skirt description would have made sense to any woman at the time.  Right up til' about the 60s there was at least advice for an older woman.  Coincidentally with the advent of flat patterning (and the abolition of shape wear girdles etc,,-trust me Spanx is Not shapewear) no shaping etc., this advice stopped and all defaulted to the 16-22 yr old woman.  Today it is all "what not to wear" after about 36.
Hi do you post your podcasts on youtube? i hate apple and spotify they are trash
I think this is a true example of how ageism is still a subject that is not talked, studied or takin with the same social political weight as other ism’s like especially I think of how I love jfashion and how a lot of alt jfashion styles are a eff you too the expectations of what being an adult is in general too and it’s and intresting important convo we have cause it reveals a lot about age, sexism, capitalism, so many things and I’ve had this thought recently of I think there’s a level of misogyny we haven’t come around on and it’s these “women who dress to young people” like with you said in your last why is everyone dressing like little girls vid and to me like we’ve come around more and bimbo and more revealing women and said they are not sexualizing themselves but I think we aren’t having the same convos and reactions to the “your infantilizing yourself” comment which I think goes to show we still have yet to address this cause I think it comes from the same place blaming women and saying it’s how they dress and not the patriarchy and men over sexualizing us and disrespecting what they perceive as femininity like I think who would be taken more seriously at a company in a meeting a girl in a pink pantsuit or a women in a just as modest frilly button up and frilly skirt with flowers and Mary janes?
Do I look older because my colors match. Do blue jeans also age me? I cannot comprehend how to choose styles and colors that clash in order to look stylish. So instead I just look old.
Great video. The problem with influencers like Stacy London is by the time they start aging and realizing the age-shaming bs they threw at older women, the damage has been done.  To me, though, the most disturbing influence on women's style comes from all those frills and ruffles and pintucking that's been prevalent in fashion, which I see as attempt to infantasilize us. Who needs to look like a Victorian baby. I make a lot of my own clothes and see it coming from indie pattern makers as well as fashion houses. I mean, what's up with that.
I started making my own clothing in grammar school because I was a very small size but had slightly longer legs and arms.  Manufactures believed back then that if you were a tiny size you must also be short, I was not.  Clothing back then was always too short on me and the only way I got some that did not look like I out grew them was to make them with longer sleeves and hems.  I fell out of making clothing in my 30's because the style changed to sleeve cuffs being half way down the back of your hand and I finally could get them long enough and woman's jeans started coming in leg lengths.  Now I am in my 70"s and returning to making them again to get better colors and higher quality fabrics ( not throw away fashions) that fit and give me joy and self confidence in the way I want too look.  Find your style and embrace it no matter what it is.
Mina Le, thank you!! You did an amazing job in researching and creating this video ~ I am so very impressed! I look forward to watching more of your work. The historical references were so very interesting! Thank you for entertaining and informing us. It was a pleasure and eye-opening to be engaged by you!!
I think one of my top "celebrity icons" when it comes to, well, everything- is P!NK, to my extensive knowledge around her, she's never been "rumored" to have any "work" done(I, btw, don't care about women or men having work done, I'm only pointing it out in this instance, as usually women in Hollywood who have extensive work done- are looked at as a "us vs them" mentality, due to disposable income levels) and her body is A-typical and she has been hassled for being "too masculine", she's in her 40's, she wears what she wants, does what she wants, says what she wants and just is an overall queen within her circle. A lot of women seen as "hot commodities" atm are largely in their mid 30's, one of the most popular being Taylor Swift, who just turner 34, and is also not rumored to have had any work done. I enjoyed the video, but I did feel like it was lacking in certain areas not giving nods to certain societal pushbacks and changes when it comes to womens age and fashion/makeup/hair etc. I definitely agree there is a "us" vs them mentality in the celebrity vs non celebrity world with aging, such as ppl like The Kardashians(alll of em, not just Kris) as Kim will sit there on a GRWM segment with the top skin care Dr around right beside her, while toting that her Skkkin care is gonna make you look like her... yeah, OK. We all know they've ALL had work done, it's easy to see, and okay, go off, do your thing... but don't present a false narrative that makes even the youth feel like $#%t(Kylie/Kendall I'm lookin at you). I guess for me, still being in my 30's- and until the end of my time, I'll wear what I want, & do what I want. I'm quite tat'd up, and plan to get more, I have 3 nose piercings and 5/8's gaged ears(no going back with those suckers, but that's okay, because I don't want to). Glad I stumbled on your channel, I'm interested in checking out some of your other content, ❤️🖤❤️.
Ppl no longer give Hollywood the attention they once gave Hollywood.
when i grow up i want to be Meryl Streep
The older women have the money to spend!!
You know, were the fashion industry to design,  photograph and market for older women they'd create a robust, new trade for themselves that doesn't even exist now.  The babyboom largely untapped.  They're really missing the boat.    They'd also help normalize aging - natural and inevitable as it is - and provide role models for youth.  The fashion industry could actually occupy a substantive place in society instead of just kind of parasitically leaching off it.
I have started sewing my own clothes at 41 years old, now 45 in a few days, so I can make them for my body and be comfortable while still shaping them how I want them to not just be invisisacks...  The Baby Jane scenes are disturbing to me because it highlighted the predatory lifestyle of hollyweird and pedophilia being acceptable and how gross it looks on a woman they actually should be attracted to. It's weird. They have done women zero favors by preying on insecurities and our moms not being the role models we needed. It's generational now. For me it was the heroin chic 90s and it was rough as a very athletic build girl. Now I'm happy that my body has aged pretty well and I have Grey streaks and I just don't care. My kids are grown my husband has gone and here I am. 😊Guys still be trying at least once a day but I work in customer service so I see lots of people every day. And no they're not trying for free stuff. Lol that was my first thought for a while but that shows the mental gymnastics I'm sometimes guilty of and just shouldn't be. We have more money I don't understand why they don't market more heavily to us in the USA.
I'm 63, and I  still wear jeans and T shirts.  I don't care what the fashion industry says.
It’s frustrating to see articles, etc., that still define how women and girls should dress entirely defined by the male gaze (including by women). I keep reminding myself it takes generations to change hundreds of years of behavioral rules defined by a still powerful patriarchy. Fashion often hides, but certainly reinforces, the strength of the bars surrounding us, including for men. These rules bind men as closely as women to a very limited definition of what it means to be of either gender, as well as what is best in being human. (Add in race , sexual orientation, etc., and the bars are more narrowly spaced.)
In the US a woman went from property of hubby to property of spouse so anything that belonged to her pre marriage became the husband’s. If a woman left her husband or vice versa he automatically got the children, no matter how abusive he had been and he could prevent her from ever seeing them again. (Legally, children are still basically property of the parents.) In terms of attire, as I aged and developed a sense of style that I felt suited me (pun unintended) the more compliments I received on how I dressed. Thanks to my very unusual 1950s parents political views, I became an advocate for human rights and equality by age 14. I never paid much attention to the expectations of a society I found profoundly unworthy of respect.
I am 65, making me Senior anywhere with a discount.   I love clothes and don’t care about trends. I shop at thrift stores which have styles from the last 50+ years. That lets me try on silhouettes I have not tried before.   Because I sew a lot of my own clothing as well, I’m going back to some styles I wore as a child. Toddlers have bellies and postmenopausal women have bellies. I adored A-line jumpers (pinafores) as a child in the 60’s, and I’m wearing them again. I wear the colors I feel beautiful in and I whatever silhouettes make me smile.   My feeling is that if I smile and I feel confident, because I’m like what I’m wearing, that’s gonna be the right style for me… no matter if anyone else wears anything like it.   The cool thing is that a lot of times people come up to me and tell me how my colors make them smile. I wear bright electric colors like we had when I was in middle school. Bright . Turquoise, purple, fuchsia, and hot green are my core wardrobe colors, and they all go happily together.  I guess it helps that I’m an artist. My garments are part of my heart. I don’t care what other people think. I’m not disrespectful, but I just am myself. I guess that points to your attention of authenticity. That’s what I’m doing. My authentic self.
That Clinton Kelly quote at the end nailed it. So much popular fashion is stupid looking these days.
Calling us "old ladies" is also pretty disrespectful.
life gets better over the years so it sucks seeing the fashion industry so adamant about their attitudes older audiences such as women like on this video
I love complimenting older women, even if their style isn't my style.  BUILD THEM UP
When we're clothes shopping together, my Mum (mid 60s)  often asks me if I think clothes she picks out are, "too muttony". 😿
I love that you put this in. About how the lessening of rights was only to women of a family household. That you weren’t simply thrust into the world with no rights. You chose a man who could protect you. And if you chose not to do so you could remain single and have all the rights of a man.   They often see this nonsense when speaking about how women credit on a bank account. Or that they couldn’t own property. Which was never True, they could always own property in do as they please. The only time that’s changed was when she was married. Which don’t marry a guy you don’t trust. Even today my husband takes care of all of the financial aspects of the home. I don’t even need to peek at it. Sure if I wanted to I can, but the point is that I was able to choose my husband and therefore choose someone who can financially be mature. If I wanted to handle all of that entirely on my own then I could’ve been a single woman. Exactly the same as today.     Seems to me people so desperately want to pretend as if there was some evil men enslaving women all over the place. Which in fairness you did try to use this type of language that men were afraid the patriarchy would die. Which is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. Women actually four other women against the right to vote and it was men who gifted it upon us. WITH NO RESPONSIBILITY ATTACHED. -> Women could’ve marched in the streets for 1000 years it wouldn’t have mattered if men didn’t vote it into place. 🗣🗣🗣
older WOMAN in the caption, please!! Makes me nuts!!!
Soap box rant:  I am 100% for the puberty studies movement, not just for women but for men as well, however I do understand this is meant for the gals, the dolls. If you don't know, there is newish scientific data to acknowledge and recognize puberty in our 30s and 50s. Speaking on women specifically, society acknowledges prepubescent, childbearing years, and menopause but this will become outdated, especially as learn about how plastics and pesticides effect us as humans. Plus, how much change is taking place in childbearing in general.   Also, the psychological aspect that one day when you, as a woman, are in your 40s, 50s, or 60s you experience a fierce body dysphoria. There are some great books and scholarly articles about the psychology behind women waking up one day and age hitting them in the face.  To all the gals no matter what age, you are lovely and loved but make sure you love yourself. ❤️
I am 80 and old but not decrepid. As an old person you get ignored, you become a non_person. I have sewn and designed clothes all my life so I still do that, although I have little opportunity to wear them - gardening in a lovely garments just doesn't cut it, I grow my own produce. When I was young and had to carry something heavy, there was often a man offering to help. Now I am old, I have to struggle with heavy loads on my own. thank goodness, I can still manage that. Young people who want to live a long life forget that to achieve that goal they will have to become....old.
First time viewer - over 50😊 I love your video. I come from jeans and tomboy fashion.  Definitely confused about what i want to wear. There is a niche for older women ! Especially as there's a growing population of never married or divorcees. Fashion is lovely. The problem is that when fashion is translated to the "dowdy" outlet it has lost any "style" . The mass production designers think that solving a lumpy figure is done by cutting all tops straight. Pants are elasticized and very little tailored fit to anything. Sigh !!
I have become more confident as I have aged. At 47, I have a deeper sense of self and style and wear whatever I am drawn to. Whether it be a silly frock or my docs.🌻
I am 54 now and I really don’t feel invisible , my confidence in how I look is fine and I wear what I look as long as it’s stylish and good quality. Maybe because I feel free to be me, more confident in my intellect and unique personality and positive qualities. And I don’t give a s*** about the male gaze anymore at all! I highly recommend it.  Though I do work at maintaining my figure which helps me feel good about myself. Focus on being kind to others- that’s what true beauty is anyway, your thoughts and your energy and love for others.
Buy natural fabrics which increase your frequencies and vibrations, Linens, cottons, silks, hemp. Leave the fake poly/plastics alone as they are killing you and your health!!!
Spinster also means an unmarried woman.  I prefer word elderly or old.  Senior citizens are often offend by being called old.
I turned 50 yesterday. Until two and a half years ago, I consistently covered the grays that began sprouting in my mid 20s with henna. Once I stopped doing that, I found that I was less obsessed with the other indicators of age. It kind of mostly hits all at once and can be jarring at first, and then you simply settle into it. I plan on leaning in instead of fighting, because fighting to me indicates some amount of stress. And stress doesn't look good on anyone. Do I think having gray hairs makes me look older? Sure. But I'm 50, not 30, and no amount of futzing with the external will change that.
Try being old and obese, we ard totally put in huge tops and horrible pants. There are a few companies but they are really designed for younger women
This was so well done- thank you! I love longer, thoughtful and intelligent videos. It would help to see clothing on models with hips and fuller bustlines that isn't bodycon. That's a big issue with shopping online- what will it look like on me? Slim, if a bit curvy my whole life, past menopause now  and 2 cup sizes and 3-4 inches bigger at hips. I know what something looks like on the twiggy clone, but no clue what it looks like on me.
Red Hat Society, ladies!
Classic and healthy, with fun mixed in would answer every age group. Fast fashion is ruining the environment.
I just recently saw some jack@ss online respond to a picture of P!nk (the singer) -- who is beautiful and strong -- by saying "Pink got old." I mean... yeah? What was she supposed to do? NOT age?? By the way, she's only 44 -- same age as I am -- and I would KILL to look like her! P.S. I dress however I want, try new things, decide what makes me feel good... and if I can't find it in stores, I just make it myself.
I think the most important thing is to find your own style and, unless it's something that you absolutely love, don't fall victim to "trends". Of course your style will change over the years, but there will be things about it that don't. I know that ill keep certain things about the way i dress forever.
22:56- face the "consequences of showing off their cleavage"??! 😅😮
It also seems that skirts must be less full. Like older women need to take up less space. :(
This was so interesting and incredibly thoughtful. I am an older women and often received both praise and backlash in going fully grey. I am proud to be 53.  I love fashion, color and creativity. Surround yourself with good people is the best advice.❤❤❤❤Excellent work!
What a fantastic video!  Thank you so much for this!  I had a real problem with the Martha Stewart/ SI swimsuit campaign:  Yes! Let’s celebrate the beautiful bodies of older women!  -but do we have to do it through the vehicle responsible for promoting such toxic representation of the feminine ideal?  I mean… c’mon.  The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition?!  They do this one thing and now we are supposed to forgive every single other horrible issue they’ve put out over the decades?
I got my fashion style from an older lady I admired when I was a kid.
I make my own and buy Gudrun Sjoden.   It’s my boho which I wore in the 70s.  Let’s not call it granny chic 🥴
This is very stupid! Ridiculous! Shame! Hilarious!
🤡 Man haters are so despicable. And why on earth would an older woman listen to this…woke ______? Garbaaaaage.
Funny isn't it that this so called fashion since the 60's have been dictated by gays, who don't like breast or curves? Today they just charge us thousands to look like asian rice growers...time to wake up and take charge of our fashion, our lives and especially our morals. I am 70 now and have stopped following since I was 17 sitting  in a cafe where 3 other girls had the same dress. Then and there I said...no more. People have always complimented me with what I wear, or make up or hair cut. You learn yourself. Stop following.
I think you're wonderful. Thank you for this. I see it as a powerful seed for change in society. I hope it gets shared and reposted and viewed Many times and even used as fine school material in social studies or home Ed courses, etc. You did wonderful research and if I owned a business I'd definitely want you on my team!
Refreshing to hear that George IV was based af!
How about Iris Apfel? She is my style icon ♥️
Thanks for the fashion history lesson. Excellent. It was good to see someone younger willing to talk about older women and fashion and doing it confidently. First time listener and subscribed. ❤️
I gotta tell you -  this is a very negative "Opinion" of women........no matter what age.  If I had your attitude,  that too might be egregious.   Unbelievable .........I hate opinioned younger women who THINK they know it all.  Hope you age with Grace...........  just wanted to say that the Plural of Woman is  pronounced WHIM inn..........WHIM in .............not  WOE men........please work on your diction.  From a Retired Highschool teacher......tsk tsk.
I am 55 and have developed a theory that older women SHOULD WEAR BRIGHTER colors to counteract the  cultural idea that older people are less vibrant. Older women frequently complain that they become "invisible". Well, I dressed in blacks and subdued colors when I was young precisely to become less visible.
I’ve been a Nurse for 30+ years and I’m going to tell you a straight up fact! We all look alike when you hit about 75. Doesn’t matter what creams you slathered on your face, how many cigarettes you smoked, glasses of wine you drank because were all going back to whence we came, pruny and full of drool, so wear whatever the f you want while you can still choose your outfit and put it on! 🩷🎉
I’m 75. Honestly I look better than I did at 30.
I'm almost 44 and still dress cute. And I'm not married. I love fashion, I make art, and I believe Dr. Martens go with mostly anything. Imagine a pretty Kurt Cobain. That's what I'm giving. You are a doll and your videos are great! #spinsterlife
Now that I'm approaching 40, I keep wondering when I need to start dressing like my mother. Except then I look around and see 18 year olds looking like my mother and decide to keep doing what I'm doing.
Fashion designers and retailers are really shooting themselves in the foot by not focusing on mature women...the largest demographic in the world.
History, religion, culture, and fashion. Not to mention, this lady is fun. Subscribe
spinsters where prayed on by priests
Good thing about being old: I dress to please myself. I want to look good, tasteful, but to MY taste.😊
As an older woman, women wearing “trendy” fashion choices usually, IMO, look foolish and like they’re trying too hard. Even some make up older women wear looks ridiculous. It’s OK to look your age! I cannot wear contacts or have LASIK done due to a health condition. I wear glasses. Many people think that makes you look older. Maybe it does, but I wear glasses that make a statement. If I have to wear them, everyone’s going to notice!! 😂
Love this topic being addressed, Mina Lee, X (from Mutton dressed as Mutton 🦙)
My cousin is in her 50s and she dress youthfulness. She looks great how she dress so why not. I wish I had half her confidence.
There is a great look used for older women in movies today which is simple clothes and big semi precious necklaces. It looks amazing but I have rarely seen an older woman wear that in real life. My mum is almost 80. She has Parkinsons disease and wears skinny oscalito leggings and tops or stretchy nightgowns. Fashion for mum is over but some of her stretchy oscalito tops have lace and femininity as well as colour for fun. I am middle aged and I only wear comfortable shoes and elastic waisted trousers. Most of my clothes are high quality and pretty expensive. Women my age do spend money on fashion as we have more disposable income.
This was a well researched and thoughtful video. At any age, we can dress for our body types, emphasize our best features and make an effort to look pulled together. I speak from experience being many decades older than you. There are several great YouTube fashion influencers in their 60’s and beyond that I look to for inspiration- Beth Djali, Mary Ann LeCoure and others. Thank you for producing this video.
Ahhhh😂, my grandmother called me a spinster when I turned 18 and wasnt married. This was in 2002, not 1902
In Europe they are not called older women. They are called women of elegant age.
I don`t use jam in my coffee. Does this mean that i hate jam?, No it does not.  I have a company that use chainsaws a lot. I do not hire old woman to do this for many reason, and non of the reasons is because i hate them. Actually it is because i care for them and don`t want them to hurt them self or do something they are not fit to do.  You put on make up before you make a video, because just like the fashion industry, you know that beauty help you make money.. Does this mean that you hate people who are not beautiful? I hope not..  And older woman are capable of seeing what clothes look like even if it is a young woman that have them on.  cloths are in a way just like personality, if you try to please absolutely everyone, you will have no integrity and be extremely boring.  Lets try to be real. 🙂  This is not meant as a attack on someone at all, and i hope all that read this have a nice day. 🙂
Vogue Philippines has been killing it with the older women representation!
As a 20 year old guy just getting into fashion and exploring dressing in ways that makes me confident this was extremely insightful because despite being a young man, no companies make fashionable or interesting clothing in my size. Generally mens wear is average and occasionally big and tall. Im just tall. At 6'10" 250lbs im not exactly heavy set. Up until recently i was wearing a size 36x38 pants which very few companies actually make and the ones that do make pants that size are khakis and jeans (i desperately hat jeans). So i can somewhat relate to fashion not being made for your bodytype. Its frustrating and saddening, especially as ive realized how few companies support my bodytype i find it sad that one of my personal goals in life is just to make enough money where i can just ger custom everything.
As an older woman, I've stopped caring what others or the fashion industry think of me. I enjoy my age, wisdom and the peace that comes with life long achievement. I stopped reading fashion magazines in my 30's and embrace my own style. "When you care about what others think, you become their slave" ~Lao Tzu
Same goes for women's petite sizes. If you are short you are basically left with zebra and jiraff and home depot tile colors. The petites section is so ugly it makes me vomit.
When I used to read fashion magazines i loved when they would show how a trend would look on people of different ages sizes and colours . For example Glamour would style one piece for some in their twenties thirties forties fifties. I think that is the best way forward
Aaaahhh you look so cute in this video~~~ <3 <3 <3  Also, I'm planning on wearing my frilly pink princess wardrobe until the day I die, onlookers be darned.  ₊˚⊹♡.
I think that the reason why older women don't give in to trends is not because they don't want to participate in trends but because they have already done so in their youth and seen that it's not for them or just gotten sick of it. My mother whenerlver I like a new trend would tell me the year when she bought something similar in her youth. And she doesn't need to do the trend thing all over again.
Im young, but I will be old one day. I want to have that representation. I want to see old idealized so i could look forward to it.
Very silly. Young girls wear crop tops (and have since the 1950s!!!) for the same reason they wear shorts. For easy breezy running jumping and ease of movement. Anyone sexualizing a body underage is the problem. Boys their age aren’t interested in such things or at least, a glimpse of belly won’t change anything. Boys older than them aren’t interested in looking at their belly. So now who are we worried about? Grown ass men? I’m all for preserving childhood by silencing and keeping an eye on any adult who thjnks a child is too sexy for wearing little clothing for thier comfort
Brand managers didn't study the populations data? How they can miss the chance to sell something? 🤔
At 57 years old I was on the job market due to my boss retiring.  I had NEVER in my life had a hard time getting a job. People told me ,” oh  u will have no trouble with your past work history, and all the experience you have”, well WRONG!  It was all that experience that made people NOT WANT TO HIRE ME ..  I was physically attractive in good physical health, and everyone who meets me tells me that I don’t look my age, but much younger  Also I was not asking for more $ than a young person would have.  It was frightening to know that I couldn’t just go out and “ get a job”.  After 2 years of looking  someone finally hired me.  I’ve been at my current job for five years, but would love to find another at 63 years old , due to being paid way below the market average. Im too traumatized to even look for another.. On another note, though, I will say I have many relatives and friends, who have let their hair go gray, and as much as I would like to say ,”yeah you  go girl”. I don’t think there is anything that ages a person more than letting their hair go gray. Some people have a skin tone where they can pull it off but for most of us, it just fades you out; that combined with the hair itself becoming different as we age really does age a person drastically. No one I know that has gone grey looks good and they all look at least 10 years older .
How abou: everyone wears what they want, whenever they want?
Okay, this was VERY interesting...so I'll be back. I've ALWAYS (since middle school, at least) had my own personal fashion style (my dad let me design for myself, and he provided a seamstress/tailor --Not rich, just indulged and creativity encouraged)...but I've always been a musician/dancer/actress who enjoys acting up and acting out, so I MIGHT be an anomaly. Don't know. I like playing dress-ups, and hope I always will.  I must be aging backwards, though, bc I started off in all black (except my hair!)...but I'm starting to eyeball colors like "Big Bird Yellow" and *gasp!* PINKS. I have these "stages." 🤭  ...but my main point is that I've seen older women in my dance classes (I've always been a student, not a teacher), and they could do anything the rest of us could do. I'm talking women in their 60s-80s, I think, and I hope like h3ll that they won't let others tell them what they can - or cannot - wear. Isn't it just about not letting others dictate what you wear if you feel comfortable in it? If you've got the legs for it, why shouldn't you (like Tina Turner) rock it? #thatisall
The fashion industry is mostly dictated by women designers and gay male designers.    Styles  have becomes more provocative every year which backfires as you age.  The red carpet is almost soft porn now.   Women and girls in the west exploit themselves.
Is it just me, or have people started pronouncing "women" like "woman?"
I love the blog/page "Advanced Style" and I also enjoy seeing Iris Apfel.  As I age, I want to take on a maximalist look with bright colors and bold patterns. Even if I have to make my own clothes, I'm going to be wearing whatever I want.
I am petite and slim.  I always liked classic clothing.  Moisturizer and sunscreen.  Never wore lots of makeup, lipstick is enough.  Would rather have a well made clothing item rather than lots of fast fashion.  Everything in moderation, one or two jewelry pieces, perfume very lightly, and most of all a smile.  I am 73.  Age gracefully and find our own style in spite of the clothing industry.
I have always loved clothes, now that Im nearing middle age Im embracing my fun funky side. I wear bright colors and weird prints. Im a settled lady, and for the last year my SO has been a DnD DM. We have a weekly gathering at our home, all of the members are men but me. I have no desire to appear "sexy" whatsoever but I dress like a peacock. I like big jewelry. Silks, busy prints, hats, two piece vacation style sets, maxi dresses, upcycled wrap skirts, empire waists... The more odd the better. I dress like an artist, or a kindergarten teacher or a happy Christmas witch. I have never had so much fun.
I have long held the belief, based on observation, that the fashion industry hates women in general and especially women with child bearing bodies. That is to say, a more full figure. They seem to prefer tall slender women who look like pretty boys. As I age, I find I tend to gravitate to happy colors. I could not care less what the elitist fashionistos & fashionistas think.
I never really understood the distaste for older women in fashion, because I grew up around very fashionable women who dressed in their own style. I look up to them to this day greatly because they always look so elegant, chic and even sexy. And that's not because "they don't look their age" or "they look good for their age". They just look good, period. It's such a shame they don't have more representation.
Your thesis is poorly served by your reliance on antique examples. Warping your evidence with hackneyed, trite ‘evidence’ is SO putting your thumb on the scale. I was hoping to get relevant, compelling content and cogent discussion. In the end… this is corny and silly masquerading as meaningful. TLDWatch.
The fact that Mina is worrying about her age at 27 is criminal. Botox, Jervaderm, skin care and wicked fashion attitudes are all ways to get women to hate themselves for the benefit of others, whether it’s for toxic masculinity, to keep women’s wages at 60% of men, for class exclusivity, or for sales. This pressure is woven in with fear of belonging to make it even more insidious. Know that is serving the agenda of others and fight with everything you have to know that it is not about your worth. The struggle is real but you can Take back your power.
I reckon the fashion world is one of the next industries to fall apart as a result of its complete cruelty and insanity, doesn’t like older women only likes younger girls, already alarm bells, promotes starving for unrealistic standards, it hates women in general, it’s a dark aul energy, and pure fakery
There is also a great internet account and book called Advanced Style that celebrates photos of older women having fun with fashion.
I disagree, a bit, with your section on Whatever Happened to Baby Jane. What made the scene unsettling was not that she had lots of makeup on. It was that she performed the way she did (dress and singing style and all) when she was a little girl. She was obsessed with the time she was famous... which was when she was a little girl.
Oh you are humorous, but you hit the point.  This post should go far.  Brava
We are lucky that fashion now is so diverse so we can choose what flatters your body more than your age! I think creativity is more encouraged so it should help older women. I love fashion and my taste is evolving all the time: same as younger women! I feel more confident in what I choose to wear than ever( I am 69)....
If all you're going to do is keep complaining, you're gonna have a tough time in the world and run up against a brick wall real fast.   It pays to accept reality, you know? The industry obviously wants an age ideal for its industry, and the fact is every woman ages, including the model. Conversely, every woman had youth and went through youth before aging.   It's a lot better to not be tone deaf to the reality and not complain loud and whiny about every damn grievance out there a woman could devise.   Fact: the fashion industry hates virtually everybody, not just older, matronly women. It's an unhealthy and toxic institution to begin with so you're better off quietly doing something productive for older women, designing matured coutures and founding your own runway for them rather than just pile on more noise. If you can.   Oh well. There are many things in this world that do not function the way everybody desires. Learn to accept it and move on. And resist this latest, trending bandwagon where women with less worries in life feel the urge to get on a soapbox and just belt out a few more notes about all that's bad against them.
I like the natural look and so far in my late 50s still wrinkle free thanks to branded moisturisers,, I do believe in not buying cheap supermarket types and it has worked for me. My friends that used the cheap skin care has a lot of wrinkles. Divorce sent my hair white in my 40s but thank god did not give me wrinkles hence, I can dye it, I believe in growing old gracefully and no matter what I will always dress well. But when it comes to clothes i dress whatever I like. I like monet palettes and french like scenes from Blue Illusion an online company for older ladies yet makes them look young. But I also wear Hello Kitty t-shirts or cartoon bags if I feel like it. Because I dont feel old, plus I look ten years younger than I am in real life. Plus i really dont care what people think or say, anyways, long time ago. I only wear and do things that make myself happy and I carry my own style. Which can be as diverse as Kitty d'amour pieces, stunning designer pieces that dont cost a bomb. I hate walking and jogging but what works are those old Jane fonda or Cindy crawford exercise tapes and i do it not even for slimness but for being nimble as I find it exhausting walking in my old age and not as flexible as before. Its very hard to slim down in my old age, as I like to snack. but going back to full time work hence might do the trick, That said being old makes me worried I might have a hard time finding a job - that is the negatives of ageing. Employers should be more supportive when it comes to hiring elderly, they've got the experience and are usually friendlier - can't they see and try their best and more reliable
Very true; for example, I'm always shocked at the English saying "a mutton dressed as lamb", which reportedly means an older woman wearing "younger women's" clothes (what are they?! Didn't know *clothes* had an age limit...!), which is outright horribly insulting and ageist. (My native language happily has no equivalent saying.) We should, obviously, all be free to wear what we like, and what suits us best!  Or another all-too-common saying, "You're showing your age!, a if one's age was somehow a bad thing... And the fact that people can just say these things without even thinking!
It's ok  I hate them too
I the old days in Eastern Europe,  Orthodox Jewish women would often shave their heads when they married.
The fashion industry hates all women.
I’ve been looking for a blouse like yours for a minute now! Do you know where I could get something similar? And or what do I type into vinted to find it haha
Honestly, people do age better now than in years ago .. people aren't typically out in the sun plowing fields and picking crops all day. a lot less people smoke, we have sunscreens, know tanning is bad, we knows some things about anti-aging .. and I think we don't willingly accept turning into an old crone. As for clothing .. style.. I think we all just dress in what makes us happy and makes us feel comfortable .. who really cares about age anymore.
Wonderful video and commentary! You have put so much work into this and I am now a subscriber! You're spectacular!  As an older woman I will tell you one reason we shouldn't blithely wear maxi skirts is because we will trip in them if they get between our legs (which they will!) and such. If our shoe heel catches on them when we bend over etc.  If we wore petticoats which I'm glad we don't, then we could keep a skirt that's longer from flapping between our legs and catching us unawares. We wouldn't be able to keep our heal from catching in it or tripping on it with the toe of our shoe from bending over, assuming we can bend over! 😊  A great deal of fashion changes we make as we get older is because our clothes don't serve us the way we need them, as we are less coordinated at times, weaker, long sleeves get in the way if they drape anywhere near the wrist, and we need to be able to move freely because we may be in pain with our backs etc. We also need for our clothing to not catch on things as we may be more apt to catch on railings or edges of car doors and if you get pulled back as a weaker older person, it can cause you to stagger trip and fall.   It's not that hard for fashion designers to make things that would work for us!  What galls me is that with what we now know about cut and styling, with the wonderful diverse fabrics we have, something like even a mumu dress could be made to have a bit more flattering shape. As well as diverse options for shaping for different body styles for older women. We are NOT all the same!  It's not that difficult - designers could make a fortune doing things like this. And so could alterations people if they would not charge too much, we could bring all of our clothes to them to be slightly reshaped for flattery for our own body type. People used to have their clothes altered all the time if they didn't do it themselves.   That's the key to looking nice as we grow older Imo. Wear what you want, make sure it's serving your body and movements well, and pay attention to the silhouette, how it hangs on your changed body and go with the flow!
I love hats! I wear my hair in a pretty short fade so in the summer, I wear straw hats to protect my scalp so I don’t get sunburned. And in the winter, my head gets cold really easily, so I wear wool hats like berets and beanies and I even have a couple fedoras. I think they look great with skirts and kind of balance out a full skirt so that I have fullness at the top of my outfit also.
When women stop dressing to attract men, they are considered matronly. Why is there no option between sexy and matronly? I heard a commentator describe Hillary Clinton and Angela Merkl as adopting a matronly style. You may know they  generally wear pants suits. When men give up their tshirts, jeans and khakis to put on a suit, its not dressing old...
I couldn’t help but scoff at this article- I think there’s such a double standard about aging. Men always get complimented that they “age like wine” and it makes me sad to see that it’s women who are so hypercritical of themselves
00:51 "because being in your mid-teens means you're an adult" {sarcastically}. Yeah, there wasn't a concept of adolescence back then, teenager is a modern term. If you don't know this, you shouldn't be a history YouTuber.
An older lady took me shopping once for a function. She said: “No Cleavage, No Crackage, No Gappage”. Lol 😂  Plus I think the “old lady perm” existed because they didn’t have the invention of conditioner like we have now. Now our hair can look smooth and flowy. That wasn’t an option back then so the perm tamed the frizz.
I’ve noticed this in music too. Country singers used to have deeper, more mature voices. Now, they’re expected to have young pop-like voices.
I get my fashion inspiration from Ari Seth Cohen's photos. I have no use for someone who tells me I can't wear a certain sleeve length or color because it makes me look old.
Honestly, I don’t give a rat’s posterior what others think of my taste in clothing and style.  I didn’t when young, and I don’t now, either.
Get older is natural and very very good. Our taste changes, is normal. I don’t like wear clothes like young people, I find fashion for them horrible😂😂😂😂
Not the mutton lamb man 🤣
I'm 70.  I have always dressed for me.   I wear mini dresses with leggings or maxi skirts.  Its for my comfort.
I have never thought of that before but it must be frustrating to only see young models for clothes 99% of the time. I’m a little overweight and thankfully brands start showing different sizes which just made me realise how badly it has affected me before and how relieved I am. Not seeing aged faces is what makes us afraid of aging too.   Thankfully my grandma has always been fashionable and never stopped. She did adjust with age of course but she has worn heels as long as her feet allowed it and owned it. By now she wears more comfortable shoes but she is still the most colourful person I know fashion-wise and has fun with her wardrobe. I know she is insecure and tries to hide her wrinkles and all of the age marks but she has never stopped being a vibrant woman. She learned how to drive when she was over 70 and in those things she is a wonderful role model.
Actually I would say that the world hates women,they just hate younger women less because they can serve as status symbols for men while they compete with each other for power.
And all the videos about how to dress can drive you nuts! Don't wear this or you'll look old! Don't wear this, don't wear that, oh wait, this is in fashion now so you can wear it, yada yada yada....
One thing that really pisses me off is this vague term that is thrown about, "aging gracefully." It seems to mean "Don't get any treatments or surgery and also don't look old." Women who get surgery are told they are not aging gracefully, yet if they don't get it, no one compliments them on their aging . I think it's just a mindless, hypocritical term used to criticize women for anything they do or don't do. When I hear someone  talking about how women should "age gracefully," I gracefully subtract about 20 points from my estimate of their IQ.
Yes, I think they are all trying to be the cool kids, and we aren't cool. It's fine for fashion designers to be old men though. 😡
Odd - those giant shoulders are decidedly matronly
Same reason gravity does
Excuse me, but plaid has an association with my Scottish ancestry. 🤔
I am 61 and I find younger men love to date older women. So old is not old anymore!
Theres something about lady Dimitrescu's outfit that feels more than youth cultured fashion styles have.
16:29 honestly, I'm not against brands NOT making crop tops (and bikinis) for kids. It's meant to show your midriff and breasts off, and it's super weird that parents buy clothing like that for little kids. I get weirded out any time I see kids , ESPECIALLY if they are little wear it. It's freaking weird
i call my look today for work "exploding TARDIS" . i'm 45
We have money. We have years of figuring out our bodies, colors and strengths.  I will never understand businesses...and frankly we are still having sex. I just careless what people think or say
Too too long and boring, do what makes you feel good someone will always have and opinion on how you should look at any age, if you are young they say she dress like a slut, if you are older she is trying too hard screw the ,make yourself happy.
i love to see an older woman rocking a mini skirt🌈🌞
Whilst an exception for several reasons I love some of the things Elizabeth II wore - I've heard she like to wear bright colours so she could be seen, it made everything interesting and exciting even it it was a very "matronly" shape
Dear Meena, it's all in your head. We're whatever the fuck you want 😊. And this also goes to everyone in every genre.
the 'matronly' critique on drag race always made me cringe, especially when the outfit was clearly good
The fashion industry is made up of mostly gay white men so that should tell you what you need to know.
I love this. Thank you ❤
Yea whatever happened to  baby jane  cant believe t h ey wantec to cha n ge the actresses . My god they were perect to cast i love that movie it is great!
I'll be 60 in a few months. I absolutely love getting older. I definately look my age.  I like being called ma'am. I dress for comfort because I don't give a rats ass what anybody else thinks about me. I am happier than I have ever been and it gets better all the time. That's what I've learned about getting older, and its been confirmed by my older friends,  WE DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR OPINION ABOUT US.
clothes fit less as we age? sorry, i can't imagine fitting into the clothes on the rack at any age, even as a child it was clear i'm not whatever the industry thinks is a "standard" body (and i'm not overweight).
In the 17th century, any female who spun wool  (ie every rural female who was old enough to use a drop spindle (about age six) was called a spinster. One who spins.  Don't fell like I need to watch the rest of you didn't even know that.
True true
Japanese and Nordic styles are artistic and beautiful on older women.  Forget the fashion industry.
Being a wife is not a lifetime of servitude, please don't call it that.  If you choose wisely and treat kindly it is the best way to live.
I was waiting for you to talk about golden girls and got excited when I saw the one clip of Dorthy.. but would have liked it discussed.
Is it possible for a woman to be more judged than during the school years?
Nice video and relatable ideas, but things will change for sure, age is not (only) a social construct, it is a real thing and it will limit you slowly but surely, e.g. one day I found out wearing high heels is not worth the pain… I am 59 and now I enjoy more comfortable shoes and I don‘t care very much if they are stylish and fancy enough. I am still interested in fashion and trends but I feel free not to follow them.   Furthermore I think aging forces us to rethink our priorities and as fashion is fostering consumerism which destroys our environment, I have decided, that I don’t want to be an active part of this game anymore.
Your subject is fine and timely , however, your verbal rendition and speech pattern is not conducive to listening. Too bad.
I honestly think they don't like very obese women either. You can see due to vanity sizing and some of the plus size models in couture fashion are moderately overweight / average weight or just chubby . 🌺🌸
We live in a world of stereotypes : (..I'm a spinster with 59 (!!!) years)  On youtube I can see the best advertising against wrinkles, plastic surgery and how to manage the body fat ??!  The fashion for goodlooking 50+ is ugly...Time for improvisation like in the 1920ies 🌈
It seems people forget that aging is also somewhat a privilege. Not everyone gets to reach 60, 70 or 80. So who tf cares what you look like? You get more time on this earth and possibly get to meet your grandkids and spend more time with friends and family.
Hmmmm. This is not a nasty comment but I think you are way too young to address this issue with wisdom. I think you will look back at this one with curled toes and a cringe on your face.
Glad she made the "Patriarchy" comment early so I could place her on my permanent NO PLAY list from here on out. But I'm sure she made some of her other female viewers happy by playing the victim card.
I'm 51, and as I've gotten older, trends, negative opinions of others, and their strange ideas of how older women SHOULD dress,  don't interest me anymore. I truly stepped into a deeper facet of my authenticity, and am now free to express myself however I want, whenever I want. No one else is living your life but you...fashion is an expression of who YOU are. Not some trend, or altered self because of others opinions, but sticking to YOUR authenticity. One of my friends is 65, and she's still dressing in her rocker outfits with fishnets, short shorts, and necklines down to her belly button... she's got a great figure, and knows how to work it. This other friend of mine is 82, and she wears these super colorful clothes, chunky jewelry, and all her makeup, including red lipstick. THAT'S the freedom I want, and have right now. Whether you're young, or old, authentic style will always beat trends...it's more interesting. 🥂💃
I love the blouse and the look in general Mina!
If I your mom, i would be so proud, thank you love! what great work!!!!! Lets keep talking everyone
Ageism is prevalent everywhere! I like to read romance and romantacy novels and I've noticed that The descriptions of older women in these novels is priming women to hate themselves as they get older. For example it might say that a woman is pretty and then use words except or but to describe the fact that she has signs of aging or wrinkles as if wrinkles are ugly. The one I'm reading right now described the queen as "her face, while a bit wrinkled, was red-cheeked and finally colored." The word "while" implying she was still pretty even though she had those ugly wrinkles.  And then just a few pages later, described the same woman's face as shriveled! It's so insidious and in all of our media and pop culture it's no wonder we hate aging. Wrinkles don't make you ugly. aging doesn't make you ugly. You can be just as beautiful as you ever were.
A sentence adage that I find extremely condescending: you look good "for your age".... can one not simply look good without placing the age stamp in there? Does this mean that were I younger I would look bad?
There was a lot of elderly fashion in the 1800s, arguebly more than that of young women, how I miss that era even though I wasn't born then
I’ve never been a fashionable person. I look forward to turning 70. I’m gonna buy 7 mumus-one for each day of the week and be happy AF about it.
I'm a 66 year old woman who found my way around this issue. For starters, I got lucky with my genes, and look much younger than I am. [My photo was me at age 53.] I also mostly kept my figure — not completely, my extreme hourglass waist is now a mild hourglass. And I do stay as fit and healthy as possible and work on skin and hair care. I'm not trying to look young, I am trying to look *good*.  As far as clothing, my solution is to mostly ignore fashion. I sew, which means I can make clothes that fit my body. I wear things I find flattering. I like conservative, minimalist styles that show off my figure — a typical outfit for me might be a slim fit long sleeve knit top and "secret pants" in microsuede, with boots. This doesn't look "old lady" or "youthful" — it's stylish, but outside fashion.   One factor in being old is that I've lived through many fashion trends, and I know what works for me. When that's in style and for sale, I buy. For over 20 years I did not buy jeans, because low rise skinny jeans look awful on me. But wide leg jeans are in style now, so I bought some — and get compliments.  I could go on about budget and manufacturer perceptions, et c. ... but this is not the place for me to write long blog posts. Mina, thanks for making this video; everything needs to be said.
I'm 58, and Iris Apfel is my fashion icon.  I can only hope to be a fraction as stylish as she is. She's 102 and still going strong!
I'm sorry ........ I can't take you seriously ....... your voice sounds like  :  MINNIE MOUSE !!
1:26 It's "a single woman" not "a single womEn". Woman is singular, women is plural. Just like man is singular, men is plural. But I never see people write "a men" or "that men". I don't understand why so many people suddenly can't remember how to spell a word we've been writing since preschool.
Maybe but let’s list our fav fashionistas! Nikol Johnson love her! 😍
This is something I am currently struggling with. I turn 40 in a month and have become disabled in the last 2 years. I am starting to do better, but my physical needs limit what I can wear. My mother's solution, and help, was to buy my the same exact pants and blouses that she wears. So naturally, while I am comfortable and wearing clothes that are medically appropriate for me, I am dressed the same as my 70 year old mother. The problem is that I don't know what my fashion style can look like that is "age appropriate", looks good on me, and meets my medical needs.
Thank you so much for this video.  I'm 47 and just figuring out my hodgepodge style.  It brings me a lot of joy.
I'm 51 and at this point I'm more like coastal granny style. I like my Timberland boots, they're warm and comfy. I can walk for hours. I love colours as well. I have grey hair, but I wear it long. I don't know. I just try to wear what feels better. Oh, I still wear jeans ...I hear some people in the industry say that I shouldn't because I'm old...Uh, here's my middle finger. LOL
My grey hair started coming in when I was in my 40s. It was a streak down the center of my head. My mother and grandma had a grey streak too, and as the grey hairs continued to come in, they seemed unaffected, so I didn’t think much of it. One day my childhood friend (we met at 12) said, you should color your hair, it ages you. I kept my gray hair, and last year one of my daughter’s girlfriends dyed a grey streak in her hair. She told my daughter I was her inspiration. I am 54, and I shared this story because mature women can set the tone for fashion, when they are too busy being authentically themselves. One of my favorite fashion icons is Iris Apfel,  she is the embodiment of authenticity! Love yourself and enjoy life!!!!
I really celebrate the new Loewe campaign. It’s the first time I consciously saw a campaign with a woman in her best age as the focus. I think the Māori face tattoo is an amazing tradition.  I am coming closer to my 40s. Up until now, I wasn’t able to wear the clothes I wanted to because due to my disease I couldn’t find fitting clothes which I like. If I am lucky, I will be able to when I am in my 40s. Why shouldn’t I dress how I always wanted? Why shouldn’t I wear glittery makeup? I want to and no one will take this away from me. Try to, society, I will wear your mockery like a crown! 👑 I AM A QUEEN AND DESERVE TO BE SEEN AND NOT TO BECOME A BEIGE GHOST!👻
It’s not just the fashion industry.  Older women are also often the first to be let go when layoffs come, and then it’s much harder to find jobs because everyone wants 30-something’s.  Men can usually get away with it, but women who “look older” have a harder time.  Especially, age discrimination is illegal, but it doesn’t matter.
Absolutely loved your commentary Mina & as a 64yo woman I constantly feel caught amongst the dilemmas you raised.   Just some housekeeping…. Hagsploitation (with an i)
Yes, Martha Stewart, Mary Berry, and Charlotte Rampling all look great. How many have had facelifts? How many have personal trainers and in-home gyms? Money really helps.
They hate us people in our 20s because we can choose between teenager and 30 year old SAHM 😡😡😡
I like advanced style, older ladies with great own fashion styles. Also I am 42 now and wear what ever I want. I wear retro style brands and secondhand clothing. I love colour and prints. Do not care what people think of me. That's the great thing about turning 40.Some people stare at me. And others give me compliments. It's better than being invisible. Also I still get attention from men as a 42 year old. All ages
The fashion industry is run by ghey men. This explains it.
Haters gonna hate no matter what you wear…. do what you love!!  I’m  a 65-year-old mother grandmother artist musician and I’m just done concerning myself with what other people think of my choices. That being said I’m not immune to the cultural constant admonitions…but at this stage I can see The “spell casting” we all have to endure in this culture… and I’m quite ready to revolt😁💖
too bad because I love older women so theres more for me
I'm surprised this video didn't mention Iris Apfel or Ari Seth Cohen's blog/book/movie/channel "Advanced Style". Everyone needs to see their documentaries.
I'm going to what you are wearing, classy but sexy.
Side note, your outfit in this video is *chef's kiss*
Bro can't handle the fact that you get ugly and unmarketable as you get older.
😊😊😊🎉
Reasons why onlyf*ns and p*rnhub should be banned
There are deeper reasons to why women tend to wear more relaxed clothes as they age. One of them has to do with mobility. As we age, in general, our bodies tend to have a more restricted range of movement. Clothes that have more movement and space allow older people to move in unrestricted ways. Same happens with shoes. That's why as we age, we tend to look for functionality vs style trends.  It doesn't mean that women have to look, as they say, FRUMPY, but is a reality of life! As we age, our bodies change and clothes need to cater that those needs. I'm 52 years young and I have never liked restricted clothing. Also, I live in a hot tropical climate. At this point in my life, I still wear my own very personal style, but many times I feel to wear something light, flowy, and with elastic waitsband 😉. And I'm fit and on the slimmer side.
At 34 , I am embracing the rainbow pastel kawaii person  that I am, I only “ tone it down” for work, because I gotta fund my kawaii life. Otherwise my “ freak flag” on full display.
38 here and my wardrobe is mainly maxi dresses and skirts, leggings and sweaters, hoodies, tank tops and cardigans. Divided between goth, pastel, vaporwave, anime, with some trippy/hippie pieces, and ren fest inspired stuff, and a bunch of pieces from individual artists. I've have dark purple hair, been wearing these same clothes/ types of clothes forever. I barely ever leave my house but if I do I'm wearing all black the fanciness of the black clothes depends on where I am going. I doubt I'll change my mind about them and I have already spent way to much of my life trying to please others to care about their opinions on my clothes.
i just discovered this youtube channel, and i love how ideas and information are presented eloquently without sounding try-hard and condescending (which is prevalent in tiktok).   Thank you for creating interesting content in long form.
It is crazy. 90% of the population don't look like models... Even not plus size models (curvy but small waist). But still those are the only body types showing off clothes!!!! How can you not want to appeal to the majority of the people who can buy your clothes!?!
About not wanting to get married and lose everything, Isidora Cousiño, literally one of the richest women in the XIX century, widowed at age 37 and NEVER got married again, because of a new law in Chile that would have made her give all of her fortune to her new husband
The fashion industry hates women in general. When you look closer at the body types in the modelling industry and compare it to a renaissance painting (not a rubens, that would be the other extreme!), you will notice that the body type is dominantly yang. It has 0 to do with being feminine.
i fucking love old women. my mom is an old woman. i go to a belly dancing class full of old women and they kill that shit every Tuesday
Such a brilliant video Mina. I’m a few years ahead of you, at 32, and I noticed a major shift in my wardrobe. I went from tight and short to long and loose and flowey cuts. Still however, with lots of bold patterns I loved in my youth. I often attributed the change with myself living in Guangzhou for 3 years during that change, I thought the light and loose clothes suited the humid climate better. But now I’m between the UK and Australia….that new sense of style hasn’t changed. I was also pregnant during this time and all of my regular clothes still fitted me in pregnancy…I actually had to purposely buy a tighter dress to show off my baby bump. But now I’ve been reassessing the change and wondering whether I’m just unconciously following the ‘dress your age’ rules. I don’t even hate my body…just enjoying the modesty that comes with it I guess?
For me, the hardest part of aging isn’t watching myself morph - it’s watching in real-time, how ageism affects us, while also digesting those micro-aggressions and if you speak up against it you only alienate yourself further
It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.  Sundance catalog stops at size 32?  Hello?  At 50 you'd still look great in the jeans, but you don't fit in them...
To be fair, partially agree, because with rare expection, the fashion industry hates humans in general with its classism, specism and racism in general ( just think of he animals: furs, shoes, and the workers employed in these nightmares because they can't find anything better to live) and sexism: I don't want to be a puppet: this is how fashion have always looked at women: say that's not true means deniying the reality, but If you have a personal taste you will always dress accordingly with who you are, and how old you are: no matter what failed designers pretend to call "art": a dress is just a dress; for this reason I agree that fashion could be ageist, but the 100% of times it is classist and the 99% mysoginist.
I think it’s actually a pretty good point that the fashion industry markets more towards young people because they’re more likely to go with whatever is currently on trend. I’m 27 and I’m realizing more and more who I am and what I like. I’m not as easily impressed by trends anymore. The sad truth is that in a capitalist society it always boils down to money in the end.
the irony of an anti aging retinoid ad playing on this video after watching the clean beauty video almost knocked me out
It's so ironic that this is coming from a Gen X, easily the most ageist generation in the history of mankind.
As a 41 one year old Goth Girl, who also rocks a Amy Winehouse PinUp look in warmer weather, I am having some people be like, "Aren't you getting a little too old for those looks?" I'm like, "Um...no...????"
People won’t accept older women in fashioned until they accept the disabled in fashion, which will most likely never happen
Your skin gets more delicate as you get older. Sun damage is very real. It takes years to show. Any young person reading this, please take notice. When I’m outside I’m covered from neck to toe and I need a hat. I’m looking for good looking comfort. Before Athleta cheaped out they were my go-to brand. Tights are by far the most comfortable thing to wear. They are also safer going down stairs than a long skirt. My friends agree with me on these points. We also like our shirts or jackets long enough to cover the crotch. We also admit that stilettos aren’t remotely interesting. Of course, when we worked, we wore the high end tailored suits, silk blouses, high heels and expensive jewelry appropriate to our jobs. We generally have no need for any of this in retirement. Although we all have a couple of high end outfits that are perfect for weddings, funerals, as well nicer clothing for luncheons.
The fashion industry that one finds at malls does not cater to middle age to older women flattering clothing. the clothing is either too young innapropriate or too old like grandma.   also there is no flattering clothing for certain body types.  Consequently we oldsters live in yoga clothing!
The Stacy, London thing what not to wear. Yes, yes and yes, there were those of us already opposing what she was telling other women to wear. And what not to wear. Because how it goes is the same people telling you what not to wear, and what not to do, are the same ones who are ones telling you to wear this and to wear that. first they tell you one thing that they tell you another etc. etc. I’m glad she addressed that.
Recently I read an article about what a women should never wear over 30. The list contained jeans,  shoes with straps and long hair. WTF?  Fortunately I've never cared about these idiotic expectations but can you imagine if someone actually take it as the norm?!
When I became a mom I wore a dress that was above the knees with some platform heels (I was 25) and an older woman looked at me, pointed and with pursed lips said "too short"	and walked away. She later overheard me talking about it to someone else and she cut in and explained that "you're a mom now" so I had to dress like one. I'm thirty with 4 kids. Because of my baby face, some days I look 25 with how I dress and sometimes I look like I in high school. I don't care how old I am or how many kids or grandkids I have. I will dress however the hell I want because I love fashion and feeling good in my clothes. No gray covering up for me!
Armarni appreciates older women. His clothes may be in red expensive but they are wearable and comfortable
i have been told i dress like an old woman since i was in my early twenties. my style has evolved a lot. but it always pissed me off how people would sometimes use it as a backhanded compliment. like yes i dress like these old art teacher women because they KNOW what they are doing, they LOOK GREAT, and they have been around and know what suits them! might as well take notes!!! ageism is abundant. i hate that i had to turn 30 for me to accept that its real, but it is. and everyone young and old has a problem being ageist. especially young people. its like the one ism where gen z and young millenials have historically been the primary bigoted.
When Princess Kate shared photos of year old Princess Charlotte in her adorable little dress, tights, and cardigan, folks were in the comments saying her parents dressed her like a little old lady.  SHE WAS A BABY! 🤦🏾‍♀️
The solution for me is to make what I want to wear,  because what is in the shops is awful in so many ways.
this is like a history course ~ edith head passed away over 40 years ago ~ & you dont even know what era or period your examples are from ~
*most of western society* hates older women.
why are you using such old examples ~ this is 2023 almost 2024 ~
where are you getting this info from ? who is discouraged from showing skin ? never heard that one either ~ i believe its up to the older or younger person with what they are comfortable with ~  ive seen alot of oung people showing too much skin & i applaud them but i dont always want to look at some of the more crass taste i see so luckily i can just turn away ~  i dont want to see the overflowing skin of some of the young people ~ this video is wrong & sounds like something from a 1950s home ec class ~ i cant believe you are saying these blanket things ~  we have to look sad ~ sorry ? sorry mina lee you are definitely not in the real world ~  eg color ~ in the 1960s when i was a kid we wore florescent ( neon ) colors & then in the 80s it came back as 'neon' so i wore it again ~ i see it again so i wear again if im in the mood ~  ive always loved wearing hot pink since the 60s & watched valentinos winter show 2022-23 in which all the designs were in a colour called Viva Magenta ~ gorgeous ~  next up was barbie & barbiecore ~ i already have tons of hot pink that is fun for the summer
Maude is the best, "Too Ugly to live"  lol!
While I recognize that you're probably right that the midi skirt is popular as a mature style since they were far from a fashion-extreme, I feel like there's also a practical concern against the maxi skirt.  If it's too long, it can get stuck under walkers or be a hazard when many people start having balance issues as they age.
who said older women arent supposed to make a fashion statement ? where did you get that gobblty gook bull crap ~ i havent heard that ever anywhere ~ tell anna wintour that
i wear all lengths of skirts except the dumpy length which is the middle image in your example of hemlines ~ no one looks good in the dumpy length ~
you have got this wrong girly girl ~ plaid is very classic ~ especially in a pure wool pleated skirt from england ~ plaid is classy anyway because it is a classic fabric based on traditions ~ and the plaids are gorgeous ~  also wrong is your diss on " older people are in a sense " younger these days because we are ~ ive seen photos of women my age ( 67 ) from other eras & they look ancient ~ ive seen photos of my grandmother & great grandmother in their 30s who look way older & matronly than people in their 50s or 60s now ~ you are not getting your information from general current known facts but sounds like you are pretending to be an expert ~ go out on the street & interview people ~ keep up with news ~ & your viewpoint or opinion is very narrow focussing on youth because of your youth ~ this is wrong the things you are saying ~
hi everyone ~ i am a costumer of mostly period productions & my research has found that > yes ~ older women did tend to wear clothes that were not up to date in style ~ ( even my grandmother wore a very old fashioned style corset girdle ) ~ these older characters in movies are not wearing clothes from their youth so that fitting in them has nothing to do with it ~ they had dressmakers or sewed themselves so their old fashioned new clothes fit them ~ besides ~ common sense ~ the clothing would have not lasted that long ~ it bothers me that this video gets that wrong ~   as i am a costume & clothing designer & authentic person ( age 67 & very petite ) ~ i have many reasons to dress how i want ~ i have always looked younger than my age ~ i can still shop in kids wear if i want ~ last tyme i wore velvet hot pants i was 54 & got honked at with a grin to those young men in the car being so predictable ~ the clothes i have designed & made for myself are exquisite in taste & so well made & no one else has them to wear ~ i shop in all different kind of stores for different styles ~ i have 3 that i like to rock ~ 1 > classy     slim lines / tnecks / plaids / simple / monocolor /  ( mostly worn in winter ) 2 > romantic    peasant look dresses skirts blouses / gypsy looks with long silk sashes / hippy / pinafores / florals lace / satin taffeta skirts with black velvet ribbons . . .  ( mostly worn in summer ) 3 > fun & funky    trendy stuff that i like / retro looks from different decades /    clothing is functional wearable art ~ wearing clothing is fun   ps . im so small that i still can wear a wool pleated kilt skirt that my mother made for me when i was in grade 7 ~ i can just move the buttons for any waist changes & over the years i have taken the hem down or up or back down again many tymes ~  i dont think the fashion industry hates older women ~ older women must hate themselves if they wont be responsible for their bad choices in dressing because society 'says so ' ~ open your minds & enjoy every aspect of life cuz its fun !
Ageism affects women more than it does men. We've known this for years.
Some stool pusher in its meowing voice is talking about matronly dress in women. Any woman who take stool pusher advise on clothing is lunkhead
The ladies of the Golden Girls are one of the best representation of still looking fabulous even in their 50s and 60s. I also admire female celebrities who don't get buttocks and instead accept their true age and still being gorgeous 🥰🫶
The fashion industry hates old men too..  Don't let the witches brainwash you . . ..   ...     .....        ........
I just wish that those who care would get "old" and realise we women of whatever age have the power to just embrace ourselves and not care what others think. Except for maybe actresses? And a few vane people. But then there wouldn't be all these wonderful YouTube channels and videos to watch. Thank you for an enjoyable interpretation. I really enjoyed it. Excellent research. (And for older women, and men, who don't give a fxck, weli Seth Cohen is wear it is at. Yes, pun intended.)
So fine make your own clothes. Who needs the cheap shit at Walmart anyway.
It doesn't make sense to idolise younger women that alot of the time look like children. Its because the fashion industry is run by pedophiles thats why.. Everyone saw what happened at Balenciaga. What have the younger women achieved nothing. Older women have been in marriages for 30-40 years. Rared 6 kids ,  have 10 grandkids. Had flourishing careers .Live in solvency. Some have survived 2 world wars but yet they elevate young girls doused in makeup. This is perversion and purposely done by the pedophiles that run the fashion industry.
This is the most interesting fashion related video I have seen in years.  Sincerely - the history was fascinating.   I feel fortunate for growing older with fashion icons from the 80's and 90's.  Do not think that just because you are 50+ that Talbots is your destination.  Look at Cindy, Iman, Christy T, Christy B, on and on... PROOF you can look amazing and have fun with fashion.   Many, like Elle and Trinny Woodall, show women of all ages that a healthy lifestyle and staying active not only helps one age better in terms of better health but also has the side benefit of being able to enjoy fashion once only worn by those young enough to fit into the designs.  Times have changed and we are better for it.
i am 46 - in stores i have the choice between crop tops and grandmas bathrobe
62 here. Overweight too. Do I care? Only when I don't find clothes that fit me. Luckily I can sow, and also luckily I've got what I consider ageless style (which means I still wear close to the same clothes as in the 70s lol). Leather jacket? Check. Bell bottom jeans? Check! Kicker boots? Also check! Oversized Tshirt or sweater, and here I come!
Maybe it’s because if you can get a woman addicted to fashion and crippled with vanity and all the wrong ideals while she’s young you can put her in debt for the rest of her life, overwhelm her feeling like she’s inadequate, make her depressed and have crippling anxiety…  and then convince her it’s probably because she has an invisible illness or has a problem with her brain 🫠so then you can grab her with some prescriptions too—— it’s a cold world they are really trying to ruin our lives we have to be stronger I wisssshhhhhh I was kidding. We need to be strong good hearted people and take care of eachother we need strong men and women in society to say we’ve had enough. Also as a side, every time I see a woman walking on the street wearing short shorts with her butt cheeks literally hanging out the bottom I always think to myself “damn you know poor valued idiot business men just looking to make money and see ass cheeks designed those and sell them” because no one in their right mind would do that to us 😂😂😂
Why is it, you being a black woman didn’t feature a few black women
I wore skinny jeans and body-hugging tops first time when I hit 50 (flares are not practical for driving a motorbike). But I stopped when I started getting men in their late teens and twenties, younger than my sons, asking me out. I was never into short shorts and nowadays I always wear long trousers (more baggy jeans) when going out shopping and preferably a ling-sleeved shirt or a T-shirt and a cardigan because I don't like using sun screen. I'm 60, I don't have cellulite yet, but the only time you'd see me wearing a skirt or dress that doesn't cover my ankles is a formal function. However, that means not being able to drive, but being forced to take a taxi.  As a clotges shopper, the only time I purposefully bought anything were for weddings  funerals and chritenings, when wearing a hat is compulsory... I'd love to own more stylish clothes and something less frumpy when I go clubbing, but scouring the town for something that suits my body shape and complexion is practically impossible, because the fashion industry has forgotten us older women.
Hearing women talk to each other like this heals something inside me Mina
I've personally encountered a lot of people who are really into the gender defying grandpa fashion, but that's queer subculture
As an **old woman (51), I dress as I wish because I can… who’s going to stop me? Men? Lolololololike I care what those losers think about my “fukability” rating.     **also as a young woman I dressed as I wished. Society can die mad about it 😊
Everything old is new again. 😊  I so enjoyed this show!
Thanks!
she never misses
Humanity was not prepared to live so long, the existence of so many elderly people was unexpected, especially with the elderly female population. No matter the technological advancement, our desires are still wild.
I remember seeing a Tumblr post about an article that said something like "celebrity doesn't look 50" and responded saying that the celebrity *does* look 50. It's just that she's 50 and attractive and we're taught that this is something exceptional. I don't remember the original poster, but if you're out there, thanks. I think about it a lot.
so, i feel that Betsy Johnson is the hero of our culture's sad story of what makes an old lady. i'm also someone that forces the film Ghostworld upon any of my friends that will actually sit still for that long so that clip is literally the most. my 25 year high school reunion occurred this past summer and i didn't go. i felt that most of that group would seem unrelatable and i just don't feel like some boring late-30s human who's life revolves around children. my partner is 5 years younger and most of his friends are having kids these days, but that group doesn't think it's weird we don't have kids. i would love a piece on the perceived differences between "hot mom" and "sad spinster" for women that are roughly the same age and "hotness" (as in, good looking women in their late 30s to 40s). it's a weird fashion zone and could be a really interesting deep dive.
As an art museum worker I see a lot of older women that are immaculately dressed in their own unique ways. I always compliment them, and they act surprised, as if nobody has noticed their efforts in years. I think this is one of the easiest ways to make positive change in this realm. Older women have an amazing sense of color coordination and accessorizing. There's usually a story behind a part of their outfit. Also, they have more buying power than us young people. About trends, I think the winning strategy for any age is to only follow the trends that personally speak to you.
People often speak of women's childbearing years ending while a mans ability to procreate goes on longer. It's true that men can keep making babies longer. That is, if the man has not become impotent which is happening at younger ages in men, more so now than ever before.  I
Old sperm causes down's and other genetic defects. It's quite dangerous for the health of the fetus/future person.
Very interesting. As a woman in my early 40s, whose figure is changing. I often get frustrated finding clothes that I confident in. I have never been very fashion forward  but sometimes my old standbys now make me feel frumpy.
I wear black skinny jeans and black shirts like I have the past 40 years. Ok sometimes the T is ♥️ or 💜
Love the makeup and outfit today! It really suits u and more put together. Great vid!
Something I am very grateful for, especially now being 30, is growing up with a mom who loves fashion. I love it because I grew up more with a philosophy of personal expression through fashion than an emphasis on beauty. It's made navigating "appropriate fashion" less of a priority because I simply care more about expressing myself. I can see it in my mom as an older woman how, while she still cares about looking a certain way, she looks amazing because her personality shines through her dress sense. It also helps she can sew and often alters clothes.
Peevy pet: I know it's a generalization, but I'm itchy because the clip used is from Sense and Sensibility instead of Pride and Prejudice or Persuasion. In S&S, it's the older half-brother who inherits, not a cousin. I know it's nitpicky.
Thank you Mina once again for this important convo
I vibed with the quote at 38:06. I think there is truth to it, and I didn’t interpret to mean older women couldn’t experiment with new trends. If anything, greater self knowledge that comes with time/aging would benefit and be benefited by experimenting with new trends. I think older women are less likely to follow microtrends closely but those who do may be better suited to know which passing trends will be pieces they’re likely to love (especially because of the cyclical nature of fashion every 20 years where old elements inform new trends!) I also think younger women experience social pressure to participate/know microtrends.   As someone who is in her later 20s, I also am becoming uncomfortable with certain silhouettes and styles. However, I’m not 100% sure if I ever liked them or if I was just an impressionable young woman facing facing the pressures/expectations/demands of a culture that objectifies/sexualizes youth.
Very thorough, very interesting
The wonderful thing about being old is that I don't give a flying f.... anymore about this sordid industry called fashion. I am dressing in a classier way and I like it. However, you seem to be biased against the male sex: the fashion society that attacked older women also attacked older men. They used to be ridiculed when they put wigs, painted their hair and danced too much with young girls. Also, their fashion was very dull, repetitive, with the same colors and jackets. They were often called "gaga buffoons". Today, even men are photoshopped, so that they can look younger. The truth is quite simple: society always hated old people and always wanted them dead - men or women, doesn't matter. Period. Your point of view is very "matriarchal" and very prejudiced against men.
Thank you for seeing us. I'm 63 yo, I feel amazing, best time of my life, so much to give...but no one is interested. It's well done, because, as we age, we don't care anymore! Great work, thank you Mina.
its chilling because she is not acepting the passing of time.
For anyone unfamiliar, I found some great fashion advice for ladies and fem-leaning individuals of ALL ages from Carla Rockmore’s channel. It helped me find ideas on how to dress with personal style for my office job without being “too immature” or “frumpy”. I like that she embraces her age and years of experience and helps give ideas on how to dress in a fun way no matter how old you are.
I didn’t realise how much I needed this video. Having left uni and joined the work force, I have been feeling unfashionable and dowdy when looking at the latest fashion trends. This is me at 27 last April. I’m now looking to carve out my own sense of style that relies on what makes me happy and comfortable 💕💘
I look up to elderly women  who clearly have fun putting together a nice outfit (usually for church), and I make a point of complimenting them on it often, because I can imagine it's hard to embrace how you look when the world is telling you're ugly just because you've had a full life.
I have a number of very short skirts in my closet that I have worn much less frequently lately. Not just because my job’s dress code has become a bit more strict but also because even though they still fit the same I feel like someone will look at me funny. I don’t even look my age but I find myself hesitating more often when someone asks how old I am and I feel like I’m not dressed in a way that reflects that. For example, I’m out wearing a bright graphic tee and short pleated skirt with colorful platform sneakers and someone goes “What a cute outfit! What school do you go to?” “Oh…I graduated.” “From high school? Are you in college?” “No…I graduated from college…” “From college?! How old are you?” “…35. 😅” “…wow! You…look so young!” It feels like they’re entirely reevaluating their first impression of me. So awkward.
What gives Mina’s youthful age away is that she ended with “age is a social construct” 😂 Lol! Your age is a cold hard fact.
It's so stupid and naive. Every single person will get old. There's no escaping that. What nonsense!!!
Wow I couldn’t care less about dressing my age since I see fashion as a way of expressing myself and something that shouldn’t have too many rules besides tpo
Im pretty sure this is the first time ove seen your videos and o have to say this was excellent.
I am a plus sized woman in my 50s. I find it easiest to shop online.
Someone at work at least 25 years my junior decided to announce that I looked tired. 😮 I did not feel tired at all and told her so. Also added well I am in my 50s, and I am allowed to look tired.😂
Proud spinster here. 54. Happily child-free by choice ❤
I’m 75 and I wear what’s comfy (yoga outfits) and/or what makes me feel good!  I still have a good figure and my boyfriend thinks I’m sexy. I don’t care much about what other people think of me or how I dress! That’s the liberating aspect of aging!
If brands would use quality fabrics and stick with the “classics “, even in the plus sizes ,they would know there is both a young and older market.  I am sick of patterns and polyester!
You are stunning and your style is gorgeous
Giz would prefer exclusivity ❤️❤️
One can still look to Jackie O, she was and will always be a fashion icon no matter how old she got. She always knew how to dress, and look good at any age.
🙄 duh... 72, nothing new to me since mid 50s (yr old)
Good video but STOP the patriarchy hate! Its not for you and for some but it's for most. Leave it be.
DUH😮
Not sure it’s noticed by the influencers and industries but “granny’s” today were the youth of the 60s and 70s: rocknroll, dropping acid, smoking weed, discovering spirituality other than the old judeo/christian model, hitchhiking across the country, protesting bad wars, participating in civil rights and women’s rights and abortion rights and gay rights, where we could’ve be been arrested, beaten or disowned, didn’t always feel the needed  to marry or have kids, practiced every kind of sex with every kind of lover, wore leather and platform shoes, invented art forms never seen before traveling to countries most youngins now are too scared to go, explored our roots, experimented in communal living, rode motorcycles, influence the entire media with clothes and hairstyles,  have tattoos and piercings before you all were born…. The concept of the Caucasian pink cheeked, cookie baking, bespectacled, tubby, flustered innocence, white haired, sexless, church lady as Mrs. Santa “Granny” is condescending and ludicrous.    Granny and Grandma = Grand Mother. The mother of mothers. And fathers. That’s all. Get with the damned program America.  And if you have even a frisson of courage look up the lives of your granny’s own grannysand see what SHE had to do to survive.    Mina is a gift whose voice should be required in every classroom. Screw fashion. Screw your mockery. They are YOUR weaknesses not granny’s.
Jeez ... NOT always about the patriarchy. Some old customs continued to protect women also.
Oh shit, she standing up
We mock the things we soon become
Indian, Chinese, and African fashions are so lively and dignified while easily accommodating older and/or heavier bodies.
My pet peeve is plus-size clothing. The styles are hideous, the colors drab, the prints ridiculous, and in absurd colors. Most plus sized clothing is black, brown or grey, or combinations thereof. Jiminy Cricket I want to wear light pink and salmon and acqua blue. I don't want to wear a moo-moo. I don't want to wear an outfit with bat sleeves or with a slit up to my groin or with cleavage all the way down to my navel. I want a designer to manufacture their clothes in my size and not stop at a size L.  Many designers say that they have a plus line, but the styles, materials, and colors are often markedly different than what is offered in smaller sizes. I want the same model, the same cut, the same materials, and the same colors just in my size. Many companies that market to large women like Torrid, Cato, Kyonna etc. also fall into this trap, indeed most of their clothes are frumpy and overpriced. Which brings me to my next peeve. Why do plus sized clothing cost more than their smaller sized counterparts? Size 11 shoes cost the same as sizes 6,  underwear cost the same no matter the size and many other things are priced the same regardless of size, so why does this not apply to clothing? By the way  I make a point of not buying something when there is a size related price difference.
Ever since the silly youth biasied trends of the 1960s which swept away the classic chic  of the earlier decades, older women seem to have have been stuck with the trap of trying to follow those youth based images . I am part of a vintage scene  and the women look great in the 1930s -40s and 50s fashions. Also I come across photos of older women in vintage street photos and cinema shots that look really chic. Occasionally I see a woman in the street who is wearing modern chic with those sorts of precepts and she stands out.But I never see the industry presenting anything that would help women who might like this sort of clothing .
because fashion is still run for the most part, run by men. And older women dont make their overpriced garments look as good. Younger people are more susceptible to peer pressure and what society dictates as they have not formed their own personhood yet. There are many styles that dont look good on short women either, but as one ages, one discovers what looks good on your body. At 67 I dont wear short shorts even though my legs are still good. However, they are Wrinkled! and I wont subject the rest of the world to elephant skin legs---I know i dont like to see it on the streets. Yuck. Same with sagging décolleté, Yuck.
"Like" and upspeak and voice fry -  3 strikes you're out!
I’m 70, I hate the clothes today. They don’t care what looks good. What, how many 70 year olds look like models?
I can't imagine worrying about what others think and say about me. No. That sounds like it would take a lot of energy. Lol  And societal norms...nah. It's not important. It never was. And I've tried to care. I really have. Lol I just don't.   Most women over 50 will say they don't feel any different. Chances are you'll still like the same music, the same movies, the same books as u did when u were younger. If you love the beach when ur 25, chances are you'll still love the beach when you're 50. If you have a sweet tooth when you're younger, chances are you'll still have it as you get older. Everyone will know this and give you chocolates on your birthday, just like every other year. Lol Your favorite flower, your favorite season,  your favorite holiday. Ur still u. I'm not sure why men and society in general, have a tendency to judge, ridicule or put our behavior under a microscope. To get hurtful. Hhmmm. I really don't. Again, too much time and energy for me. So, if you wanna wear your favorite sweatshirt, the hot pink one u've worn for 20 years, or those perfect pair of leather boots uve had for 30 years...please just do it. Regardless of the fact that someone, somewhere just may accuse you of   "trying to look younger".. or whatever they'll say, take it with a grain of salt, cuz they just don't get it.  ;) Do ur thing.
Advertising uses fear to drive consumption. Think about it.
Getting older is a bit easier for us tomboys or girls who were never into fashion and beauty to begin with.
and as an "older woman", i hate the fashion industry right back. I design my own fashion and jewelry thank you very much. ♡
If someone marketed these thoughts, they would dine with royalty.
Also women and girls who are/were over overweight, no matter the age were always told to cover up and clothes were always "frumpy" and "matronly." Stores serving girls only recently started offering sizes above a 12. I remember being 14 and the only store in the mall that had my size was Lane Bryant.
I have been finding as I age that it becomes an interesting balancing act...some clothes seem too "old" some make me look like I'm trying way too hard.  I can feel the difference from just a few years of age ago.  It's maddening.
The older models they use aren’t really representative of the real world women. They’re much more glamorous. Go to the thrift store and create your own unique style.
If old people fall down due  to platform shoes or maxi skirts, they could break a hip.
The fashion industry also hates women with curves, especially pear-shaped women. I find most clothing for women would be better suited for male youth than for women. I have very small narrow shoulders and always have to customize my shirts, bras, etc. Even pants are a nightmare to find. Don't even get me started with plus sized clothing. Just a nightmare.
The Dolly Parton performance on Thanksgiving is a case in point. She is a talented intelligent woman who has built a business empire over her 70 plus years. She should not have dressed like the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders.
It is hard to age as a woman.  You are most notable for having children and grand children even in this day and age.  I am a 46 year old married woman, with husband over 20 years and no children.  Trying to fit it all in and then have the kids is enough to drive women mad.  Fashion is an afterthought once you hit 40.  I use to really love fashion, but now it is hard to find something that I feel comfortable and appealing in.  I am headed toward more Ralph Lauren Cowgirl look.  It seems to be fashionable to all ages of women.
This is exactly how I've felt reading fashion advice to older women. Color, black, brown, dark navy and grey. And maybe a wee splash of color. They definitely want us to disappear into the background and not to be seen. Well, I'm calling BS on that. I love color. I'm 70. I wear what makes me happy and is comfortable. I like ethnic, hippie styles. My shape is apple. Gone are my Twiggy days. But my family loves me as I am, my husband still thinks I'm sexy.   I don't want to be younger, I've earned the right to be unfashionable me. My hero is Iris Apfel
utter nonsense
Haha! At 27 you are still a fetus
I pay for YouTube Primium,  to avoid ads.  So, if an ad pops up. I leave...
58 here. I'm more slim and fit now than I was at 24, so I wear whatever I bloody well please. My mother wore her own college clothes through to her 70s. Keto, IF, the Sinclair protocol for supplements, regular exercise , and your body isn't going to change that much for many decades. Wear what makes you feel like you, and ignore the haters!
I never liked Stacy London’s advise. I much preferred Trinny and Susanna!! What Not to Wear- BBC.
20:46 - 25:30 omg loved this bit
I'm 45 and look like 35 according to others. But I notice that I don't feel comfortable in 'young' clothing anymore: mini skirts and -dresses, both high heels and sneakers, 'edgy looking' stuff etc.  I also feel good wearing my glasses, less make-up and clothes that don't 'make a statement': I prefer to be more 'invisible' now. Quite a new feeling for me, but I LOVE it!
Great video. I've always dressed well and as I moved through my forties, I believe I got the balance right between age-appropriate and modern dressing. I turned 50 in 2021, in the midst of the pandemic and working from home. In the 2 years since, menopause has not only changed my body shape, it's actually made the clothes I used to wear feel unbearably uncomfortable. That combined with working from home in looser clothing... it's a scene. But, thanks to a huge closet clean-out, some professional makeup lessons, and setting aside time to discover new brands and silhouettes, I think I'm finally on the right track to regaining my fashion mojo. I live in New Zealand, so our shopping options are not as comprehensive as in the U.S. but I have found some great NZ brands that do offer what I'm looking for: contemporary, chic clothes that are comfy.
Thank you very much for your reflexion on aging women. I feel that since I became a widow I have conquered more freedom in the way I dress. Alas, the market doesn't offer much of what I would like to wear. Most of the time bigger sizes are only available in websites with the uncertainty on whether it will fit or please you. Wouldn't it be great to have at least samples of the bigger sizes available in real stores? Being able to try on the younger styles  in your own size would boost the sales, avoid returns...
Im in my 40's and i dont give a fuck what anyone thinks stage and wear what i whant depending on how i feel, it's all about whatever mood your in that day! ❤
Interesting. I'm 77 and just got some fabulous high waisted wide leg black jeans. Very in style, and I have gotten lots of compliments on them with a fitted mockneck and little vest. I find style one way of expressing my artistic nature and have no desire to stop and look dowdy.  My hair is turning silver. People used to always hide the grey, and now young people are bleaching the color out of their hair so they can have grey and silver hair!
Aren't older women are one's with that kind of money to get whatever clothing they want? I'm in my 20s and I can't even afford designer clothes so I would want to wear pretty clothing whenever I'm old enough to afford it.
older women buy lots of clothes really. No matter my age younger , middle, older I absolutly cannot stand florals
Social norms can kiss my slightly saggy but always bedazzled 61-yr-old @ss. Yep, you too, Mr. Kors. Pucker up! Because we dowdy matrons are the only ones who can afford your ridiculous forever-41-palazzo-pant jetsetter resortwear. And ladies: if a dog lays a big ol' steamer on the sidewalk in front of you, do you pick it up and hold it, rub it in your hair, put a little in your pocket for later? OF COURSE NOT. You'd step over, go around, or kick it to the curb. We have far more options now, so wear what makes you feel good and kick idiot opinions to the curb. The end.💃
Simple... really, dress as who you are. I'm 71, married to a real biker... My dress.. jeans, black leather jacket, fitting clothes.. anything to keep me warm on the bike. Then.. for everything else...awesome clothing to accentuate all my good assets! Do I care what others think? H ell  NO! BE REAL!
I don't really understand dressing according to age because of how i was raised. My mother is from the USSR and she didn't have this whole "marketing to the teens!!" Thing, we're Jewish so we always needed to look proper and dress to impress so she always tried dressing me in fancier clothing, especially extra feminine stuff, which to me was extra difficult because not only is where we live is the epitome of casual clothes, I'm also none binary and between those two and my anxiety, being overdressed and girly in a town that has never heard of anything outside jeans and a tshirt was awful. I'm 24 now and only at around 20 did i start understanding who and what i am, i found out I'm none binary and it helped me stop feeling like i have to hide myself and I'm a little more comfortable now understanding what it is about masc clothing i like and what it is about fem clothing i like. My mother is incredibly fashionable though, she's very feminine and when i was younger it embarrassed me to no end, she'd wear her high heels and full face of makeup and fitting dress and I'd look at everyone else wearing sweatpants and a tshirt and I'd be incredibly uncomfortable. She did tone things down, i think it was her taste changing from the proper ussr stylings to the more casual stuff of today, but she still puts a lot of effort and care into her appearance. She never really cared about trands though, and I feel like she's one of the most beautiful women i know. Idk what's the point i just view things more through the lends of gender and culture then the one of age, i felt like leaving a comment
I will continue wearing cute tiny skirts and platform boots until I'm dead regardless of how wrinkly I get. Eat it society!
You've aged out of nothing!! 27 is young!! Please expand on these silhouettes you think you've aged out of.  I think you age out of "what you can get away with";  Such as: clothes with wrinkles, stockings/ tights with runs or holes, chipped nail polish, bed head/ overly messy buns/chaotic hair, last night's eye makeup, ill fitting clothes, etc.   As long as you are put together nicely, (ie: clothes fit and ideally flatter your shape/ chosen assets to emphasize, shoes look clean/not overly worn) just add a watch (because grownups need to maintain a schedule, arrive on time), and ideally some subtle earrings to brighten your eyes. Then you are good to go with anything.   As we age we should be taking more care with our clothes.
I’m 68 and love clothes. Always have. I’m very picky about what trends I follow mostly because I prefer classic clothing.  I like Ralph Lauren and J Crew which have clothing that both younger and more mature women can wear. But I agree that a lot of clothes that target older women are awful. Ie Chicos, Talbots and JJill. have some pieces that makes me think that they hate us. Why would you do that to a women?  Great video!  Thanks for bringing this topic to the forefront.
Very interesting topic!    I have waist length grey hair at 65 with no plans to cut or change it. (I get more compliments now than I ever did when it was colored) I also can wear modern fashion since I’m a size 2 and not much has changed except skin. Still, I am not much interested in trends. I’ve given up stilettos as I no longer will suffer for fashion,  and mostly what I wear are jeans or pants and a silk blouse. Eventually, you find the style that looks good and feels good and works with your life, and stick with that through all the changes. My silk blouse may have had shoulder pads, or puff sleeves, or cropped, or asymmetrical-my jeans may have been skinny, boyfriend, high waist or low waist, my dress pants may be super baggy or tight leather, but the main example of what I wear stays true. I wear dresses too, but mostly fit and flare with a 3/4 sleeve. I’ve found what works for me and people still call me stylish to this day when there is nothing to it.  I don’t care about the media or anybody else’s opinion. I found what I like.
Have to comment about the older women's fashions in historical movies. Remember that most clothes were made, not bought. And indeed, most women did stick to the fashion of their youth. Fashionable clothing would have been considered "mutton dressed as lamb" for an older woman, trying to be something she was not. It really did work like that. You can see the same effect in family photographs as late as the mid 20th century where older women wore order fashions,
They may hate us, but I'm old enough that I seriously don't care! I'm way over the need to try to impress people that have zero relevance to my life. ;)
In contrast, in the BBC series, PEAKY BLINDERS, you'll find the character of Elizabeth "Polly" Grey, who is the rare antidote to the trope of the sexually neutered, frumpy, invisible matron.
For me, the worst thing to happen to fashion for women in my lifetime was the Saturday Night Live "Mom Jeans" video in the early 2000. For about 10 years I didn't wear jeans because I didn't feel comfortable in low rise jeans, and I didn't want my fashion conscious friends to accuse me of wearing "mom jeans."  I even got liposuction to get rid of my "muffin top," but I still felt self conscious in low rise jeans.
Good commentary! I'm 54, and I wear whatever the hell I want to wear. I'm tall and slim and I still have great legs, so I wear mini-skirts. I was sad when you said that now you're twenty-seven, you won't wear certain items. That's another issue. During the early 2000. All high waist jeans were considered "mom jeans." I went about 10 years without wearing jeans because I didn't feel comfortable wearing low rise jeans, and I didn't want the stigma from my fashion conscious friends of wearing "mom jeans." I even had liposuction to get rid of my "muffin top," but I still felt self-conscious in low rise jeans.  We all need to wear whatever makes feel and look our best.
As a women in my twenties it's so refreshing to see older women marketed and seen through social media on my mom's phone as I personally rarely ever get to see them targeted at my agegroup. It's like we cease to exist when we get older and I would personally like to see more older women. I believe younger women need to see older women represented as well because soon we will be in their footsteps and seeing other women of all ages is inspiring.
My mom’s cousins called her an old maid at 23.. that was just in the early 1980s.
I just want to scream every time i see one of those articles or videos saying "10 things women over 40 shouldnt wear." It's really frustrating that the women creating this content (because most of the ones I see are created by women) are placing arbitrary and pointless limitations on other women instead od lifting them up. We struggle enough against the arbitrary rules society has made up for us. We need to be breaking free from these false limitations, not placing them around each other. 💖
meanwhile men can wear the same exact silhouette their entire life and it's seen as age appropriate.
The fashion industry caters to those who are insecure and try to make up for it by buying clothes. Us older women know what we like and don’t care what is “fashionable”
❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉
Thanks mina le, teriffic show. Youre a beautiful human being., Inside & out
So busy worrying gives women no time to live life with joy. I wonder if worry then is an excuse not to engage with life on earth and actually enjoy their elder years. Aloha & mahalo.
Hi Mina—women over 40 become invisible. Suddenly people pay much less attention to you. It’s very hard to explain, but it has happened to me and my friends, even though we don’t dress or act differently than we did in our 30s. I hope that this changes for women in your generation, because suddenly being overlooked is kind of devastating—it’s like your role in society is over. You’ve become irrelevant. And expectations about how you will dress, how you will cut your hair, the way you use makeup, how you will act in public, and what is appropriate, changes such that you no longer can express your individuality. Think of it as the Eileen Fisher phenomenon—the modern equivalent of matronly. Not too much color, nothing form fitting. No patterns. You lose your plumage and become a dull brown wren that is fades into its surroundings. 🦋
Excellent video! At 59 I have more success than ever in feeling goid in my skin! I know my body, my taste and value better and fewer clothes. This was really fun! Thank you!
At 76 I find wearing simple clothes not made in sweatshops does wonders for my attitude and smile.... How about those older women in those places?
A spinster was a skilled woman who spun fibre into thread.  She married late because she was too valuable to lose from the family’s hand weaving business.  When she did marry it would be to an older man (her own age) who had his own house which incorporated a loom.  Because she married relatively late, she usually survived pregnancy and childbirth well and many lived into old age. Spinster appears in the ‘occupation’ column of parish registers so frequently as it was one of the few women’s jobs recognised.  It was therefore an indication of value rather than anything else. It was only when spinning and weaving became industrialised that ‘spinster’ took on its modern meaning.
For me i cant wait to get into my 50s and have such amazing fashion style. definately heading towards an italian classic style i reckon. only 30 but already starting to work towards that.
I love being invisible. I see things, hear things and know things. Haha it's very interesting often. It's funny how God has allowed me to be happy about being old. It's quite freeing.
I dress correct for the  event, but  comfort over fashion!  As for anti ageing  crap,  not giving them more money for it. I  do as please!  If people don't like it then kiss my ass.....!
Wonderful video dear Mina ❤❤❤
This is insulting.
I'm 57 years young and looking and feeling better and more stylish than ever before. My skin looks great and my menopause was a dream after decades of suffering from problem skin and heavy periods. I became whole food vegan (oil-free) three years ago and this enables me to eat a lot of delicious healthy food that's lower in calorie so I am satisfied and all my cravings for junk food and binge-eating have gone, I would encourage anyone who suffers from disordered eating and overweight/obesity (not to mention health problems) to try it just for a couple of weeks and see what difference it makes (I recommend pcrm and Chef AJ's YouTube channels to get started). For the first time in my life I have achieved and maintained my ideal slim weight. I would never have cosmetic enhancements or surgery, instead I am slim (overweight is ageing), have a good posture, I hold my head high, shoulders back (no hump!) and wear a serene expression on my face. I love wearing simple clothes (Parisian/Scandi style), I mix and match casual and more elegant, I invest in flattering jeans, cords, blazers, feminine blouses and quality knitwear, beautiful coats in neutral colours, comfortable but stylish shoes and boots that will last forever. I love double denim! We mid-life and older women are powerful, stylish, cool, strong, often healthier than stressed-out parents in their 20s or 30s, we can wear whatever we like and look amazing, the industry is crazy to ignore us as we have more time and money to devote to buying great clothes and there's going to be more and more of us. So let's be confident and step out wearing what we love and for me it's modern/casual chic and no mumsy or granny clothes.
I feel dumb watching this but I like it, I drink and do drugs
I enjoyed this video.  Very much.  I am 67 years old.  I am 5'9" tall.  I am a size 20.  I have an hourglass shape...but it's just poofier!    Something shifted in my 50s: I no longer concerned myself with orienting my style outward and moved into, "...what would I really like to wear?"  There is nothing (and I mean NOTHING) for me at the usual outlets in Calgary, Alberta!  A city of over a million people and very few options for a plus sized, tall, senior!  It's crazy!  The workarounds: Etsy has an amazing tailor (DaDonnaBlouses) who just makes beautiful shirts of the highest quality.  She lives in Estonia.  Custom shirts to your exact measurements.  Yes, they're expensive but they'll last a very long time.    Eshakti is another custom clothing line out of India which allows for custom sizing and their products are in cottons, linens, silks, and satins.  Their prices are reasonable and their offerings are fully customizable: don't like long sleeves?  Shorten them.  Don't like scoop necklines?  Get it made in a v-neck.  All you have to do to customize your look is plug in ALL your measurements and, voila!, you have something not seen elsewhere.  Sew!  There are so many amazing makers on YouTube who inspire me and break down the "how" of getting your measurements right.    The fashion "industry" does not think properly about women and in doing so, it has created wonderful niche market opportunities for people who DO.  THOSE people are MY people!
Ugh as a woman I love 37+  Women! Idk I couldn’t care less what men think. I’ll be hot and unbothered leave me…  I couldn’t stand my 20s. Some brands are using older models and I’m here for it. Older people are hot,  young people are just 🧍🏻‍♀️.
yes!! new mina le video!!!!!
What a wonderful video!! Ageism is real!! ❤ Thanks so much 😊
20:25 please look up how to pronounce women. It’s not the same as woman. You got it wrong all throughout this video.
while yes its true we live in an age where anyone can gain a following, its a lit easier to gain a following when your viewers can see themselves in you. (i.e. a majority of the people on tiktok are young so they are more likely to watch and follow content by younger people who reflect themselves)
The main reason Hollywood doesn't like older women is because the men; Producers,  Directors,  Actors, Crew Can't RAPE Them! Mature Women, that you call "Old Women", are Wise!!! BIG PROBLEM FOR PED-IPHILES!!!
In one of the old showgirl movies of the 1930’s they sing a song that says “ keep young and beautiful if you want to be loved…”. And it’s a cheery song whose lyrics are serious! Lol. Have we changed at all in 100 years?
Mina, I find your youthful naïveté a delight, and fondly remember myself at your age, feeling worldly and mature. I most likely won’t be around to find out in 30 year’s time, but I assure you that you will find some of what you said will stand the test of time, but most of it will appear to be cringeworthy as you look toward 60, rather than back at 16. This is something that all older women recognize from their youth. You really can’t relate until you’ve walked in those shoes.
Hagsploitation is the most underrated film genre and I pray for its return
The scary thing is that we all gonna get old someday. We need to stop this tendency
Let's talk about healthcare for women. HRT for menopausal women, which could help keep women energetic and productive and controls belly fat. I do like Elieen Fisher's clothing because they can be worn at any age. Well-made, good fabrics and recycled by the company.
Older women think about what to wear. If you want to sell junk, cheap clothing where books are exposed, no thank you. This is not art. Don't forget minority women, LGBTQ women, female children ( should not dress like women). Lack of creativity, absence of what women really want or need in clothing (ex: pockets,) comfortable clothing, and well-made good fabrics. Recycling systems.
The clothing in most stores is cut for a narrow, slender body not one that has has children and is dealing with or past menopause.  Right from the get-go you cannot find clothing that fits — let alone clothing that is age appropriate.  Most of us past 50 do not want to look like teeny boppers but we aren’t ready for the undertaker either.  The biggest problem is fit — not style.  Manufacturers are sizing for women between 18 and 40.  Bodies change over time but most manufacturers haven’t changed their cut.
Style has no age limit. As a soon-to-be 65 yo, I have my own fashion sense built upon the influences of Coco Chanel, Calvin Klein, and Kate Spade…I take what I like and leave the rest! There is no substitute for taste and I always buy quality shoes…these accompany a mind that is forever learning, a body in continuous motion, and a healthy diet…I did not have this accumulation of wisdom in my 20s-30s, 40+ is the beginning of a woman’s coming of age!!!! Bring it!
Just enjoy your youth because all you younger women will someday be older. Then see how you go for comfort most of the time.
those slumping back images do not represent the inevitable!! you can improve your posture by strengthening the midsection or by getting rolfing
Soon to be 70 here. I really appreciated this. My focus is and always has been personal authenticity.
Interesting. However, as a 73 year old who is weight appropriate I really don't give a care what people think.  At some point in one's life you should be able to create your own style. Winter is my favorite time of year because I can wear a pair of leggings, a skirt, a flannel shirt and a vest.  My clothes are clean, ironed well cared for.  Lipstick, blush, very little eye makeup and a smile is all the adornment I arm myself with when I go out into the world.  Do I turn heads?  Sometimes, but not due to my fashion.  Kindness,  showing interest in others, a helping hand and taking time to connect with people is much more important then  ones fashion sense in my opinion.
The discussion of makeup makes me think of Death in Venice--it's not just women.
Love this topic as I’m a 53 yr old librarian and I also LOVE your look here especially with the pointer !!!
You could also check out the recent Vogue Philippines covers featuring much older women in their features. Apo Whang Od (104 years old woman) in the April issue and the August issue featuring Dr. Dolores Ramirez a National Scientist. It's just interesting how both covers contradicts the common notion about aging in fashion.
I find it really interesting that some younger people (like 10-16) dress like adults. I wonder why and would have liked if you explained it more :)  However, really excited to see how GenZ will dress in the future
It's a paradox. The moment you actually can afford to buy fashionable clothes more often and have more time to take care of yourself (you're children ate already independent and all that) - you no longer suppose to!
I am 66, and after age 35, stopped caring what anyone else thought of me, how I look, or what I wear. Aging hasn’t been a problem because I do what I want, wear what I want, and don’t worry about what anyone else thinks of it. Living unapologetically has never affected me in a negative way, either. I have a large number of friends (younger and older) who also don’t worry about it. Some are thin, some are fatter (I’m in that latter category). I don’t necessarily “dress my age,” but don’t wear a lot of the current fashions, not because I feel too old to wear them, but because many are just not flattering—not even on the younger skinny girls. Sometimes I have to wait a couple of years for more flattering styles. In the meantime, my friends and I are very active, leave our husbands at home, go out and have lots of good times and adventures.
Society needs to embrace the postpartum body before anything will change.
Youth is beauty and women have no use besides being perfectly pleasing baby making machines.
That’s stupid… who has more money ? A boomer  a gen x or a millennial… but then again it’s run mostly by men … gay or not men are not that smart
i pay $15a month to avoid commercials and as soon as i saw you try to force me to watch one, i turned off the video and will not return EVER
Older women don't generally spend the same amount of money  on clothing as younger women. Especially now that younger women have more disposable income.Always dress classy it never goes out. Everybody has challenges finding appropriate clothes as they age, bodies  change.Men don't avoid it either and many dress like they did in high school even when 50. Aging isn't easy for anyone.For both sexes, dressing well are clothes that fit and accept the aging process ; lean in.
As usual, you present a well researched history of fashion.  And you bring great humanity and caring social values to your commentary! One realistic problem for older women nowadays is age discrimination in the workplace. Women in many fields and even in lower paying professions still have to look 'put together' and even that may not protect their jobs. So it's not just an issue of vanity or not wanting to look old. Being older can have many advantages of gaining more genuine confidence and coming into one's own values and understanding of what matters in life. One silly aspect of social media is the pressure/fear of very young people about getting older.  I started graduate film school at age 34 and it was a great advantage compared to most of the other students who were 22 - 25.  Anyway, thanks for another wonderful commentary!  You rock!!!
As a 50yr old mom I wear what I want. BUT when our kids; 2 girls and a boy were younger than 14, I was very involved in making sure they wore clothes that were age appropriate and for my girls that meant no exposed stomach, shoulders or butt cheeks and for our son, no exposed tank tops unless he was playing basketball, no sagging pants or T-shirts logos that might draw unwanted attention from teachers or cops. They are all in college and they dress to suit the times and their personalities. Our job was just to make sure their clothes didn’t put them in situations they couldn’t handle.
I am a 67 year old female. i am also an anime fan. a large percent of my shirts have anime characters on them, I wear them every day.
Me sitting here pushing 40 and wearing cupcake lolita dresses and dresses that look like an elven maiden >.>
My favorite show is 'Project Runway', all of them from different countries, which I discovered later.  I'm currently 68, will be 69 in about a week and a half.  I love to collect fashion dolls and get ideas from these shows.  My 2 favorite Project Runway episodes are designing outfits for the Bratz doll and the My Scene Barbie doll.   The only Barbies I collect are Silkstone Barbies.
This gives me mixed feelings being plus size all my life and being limited to more matronly clothes in the 80’s. Fat and old, both needed to be hidden back then.
As someone almost on her 40s... I needed this video!
Life doesn't end when we hit 40 or whatever age people have decided is too old to keep being yourself and live the life that you dream everyday making it a reality. Life is for living and that includes wearing the clothes you love frumpy, dumpy or not. Life is for making our own choices no matter the age. It makes no sense to become more and more of an adult only to have choices taken away from you like the style of clothes that you get to wear etc. There are some really great fashion influencers out there now and who have been out there for awhile who are the best influencers ever! They are golden, wear what they want often in maximalist styles, rock the silver or an alternative hair color with large glasses and jewelry! Life also doesn't end when we gain some extra pounds and whether age or gain weight we should still have the choice ourselves to decide to rock frumpy and comfortable clothes that are fun or clothes that are simply fun yet comfortable. It doesn't do the world any favors to create awful clothing only for people to be more ashamed and depressed about their own lives and erased personhood and existence simply because they aren't young and or thin enough anymore. It's absolutely wrong to make clothes that people would only wear because its what they are now "supposed" to wear simply because they are "old" and or " fat". Do we want the world to be a better place where people get to carry dignity when they leave the house? Then we need to drop the so called rules and ridiculous standards for people of a specific age, shape or weight. Quality of life is a right for everyone. And I mean everyone whether its the people at the party or the people who don't give a damn about the "party" but do care about every day life. Peace, fun and quality of life for EVERYONE!
I’m 78, under five foot and love the classic styles.   Nice that it’s now trendy.  But love very long full/flair jeans and don’t worry that it’s not the best look. Don’t care, hate skinny jeans and leggings.  Oh well.  Nothing will make me look younger, thinner or taller.  Just happy that through God’s grace I’m still here.  Blessings
Everybody gets older!, including you.
Women are told by "experts" (marketing departments)  from puberty on what to wear (buy) to correct their flaws. Hair texture, face shape, skin texture, skin color, nails, height, girth, scent, sound - everything needs to be changed and often. This is embedded for 11 year olds all the way on to the grave. It's not new to be told we're failures. It's really crap and I agree that the fashion houses are dividing and conquering women as a group, first because it sells more products and second because it sells more product. We need us to be willing to spend any amount to avoid becoming the outcast. Younger women are tomorrow's hags and there's  always a new crop ready to take their places. What could be a better marketing strategy?
You're fun and very, very smart. Subscribed!
Age appropriate is a bunch of 💩. We should all wear what we like!
I shall dress like Iris Apfel or Vivienne Westwood when I'm old 😆
Ageism is never in style.
Your videos are fascinating. Love them!  I am 69 years old.
I’m finding a greater freedom in expression as I age (44 at present), whereas when I was younger I worried about what made me look ‘old’ or ‘childish’. I’m actively working out a fantastical faery bog hag kind of look cause why the hell not.
Hi Mina, do you support Palestine or are you also expecting that we would ignore your platform and its silence?
I'm 69 and I opted for making my own money, owning my own business, and owning my own home. Dress? Clean, neat, comfortable, custom fitted (by me) to my body shape. Ingenue when young morphed into classic business suits morphed into business casual morphed into boots, jeans as I work in my 5 acre food forest on the side of a mountain.  After 10 years, I miss my suits!  So I started looking around for how I want to upgrade out of jeans and still work on the side of a mountain. There is a lot of new stuff out there! All those ideas and rules were pointed at females that had no life other than catching a breadwinner. I made a conscious choice to be my own breadwinner.  I did learn that a smile attracts men more than I could have guessed and as the economy faltered, a portfolio became an aphrodisiac. Thank you for reminding me how bad it used to be and I am grateful to be too OLD to be Forced Birth Cattle in a red state ;) However, old women with assets were burned as witches to facilitate stealing their assets. Still, look at the past and see why I didn't want my value to be whether I could give men a free wank.
I feel like the fashion industry hates all women. Apart from incredibly slim and beautiful models who are lauded for approx 5 minutes in their 20s
Recently turned 47, love'n your choice in topics, just started the video, already feelin' the solidarity 🤜🏼🤛🏽   Mad Love to You, my fellow sister ❤️
The great benefit of being an older woman is that you start to care less what others think of you. The clothing of today allows everyone to look good or interesting at any age so go out and enjoy the opportunity to make the most of it.
We change as we age, and our wardrobe evolves with us. These changes are multifaceted and include physical, attitudinal, financial, functional, social, career, family etc etc. A financially secure, time-poor, overworked executive, with 3 kids, is clearly going to make different choices to a carefree, broke teen.
Mutton dressed as lamb is a saying my Grandmother said once I never forgot those words....now I am 76 and trying not to look that way. Saw a woman once older than me , tight leather look pants, low v neck black satin shirt( she was flat chested) heavy gold jewlary all over, heavy makeup.....I felt embarrassed for her. But that was her choice ,and perhaps I am old fashoned to tone it down,and not stand out...I stick to pastels in colour,sometimes black and browns or carky green not often.
Well, all is relative, age included... I was maybe 25 then, eye-shopping for some clothing when I met an elderly woman in a respective clothing department. I couldn't estimate her age, but she had to be in her late 70s. I couldn't stop looking at her... She was around 5'6" tall, slim, with thick, short, dark hair and very dark, big eyes with long and dark natural(!) eyelashes, with no(!) mascara. Although, I remember she wore lipstick. She had beautiful, very harmonious facial features with high cheekbones, a straight nose, and, for her age - pretty full lips and firm skin, although she had wrinkles. Still, they didn't make her less beautiful. (She could be a bit of a reminder of Audrey Hepburn type.) Oh wow...! Lucky her, so many great genes, lol!  Her walk was very light and elegant; she moved like a cat. Simple, smart outfit - turtleneck, slacks, jacket-type coat, scarf around her neck. (Today, we would say minimalistic.) I have never seen a more beautiful woman than her, and I don't care she was old. She was gorgeous, stylish, and elegant like nobody else.
As someone who is growing older in a small town with limited clothing stores, there's a real struggle to find suitable clothes. This is not just fashion, basics also are not made to fit our shapes. Teeshirts are too tight under the arms (upper arms tend to grow bigger), shirts are just long enough to reach the waist and any stomach means it sits above.   You can't even go a size bigger because those dimensions don't seem to change, bigger sized give you a more ballooning torso which looks even worse.    To me this is where it starts. If you can't even get tracksuit pants and windcheater with a decent cut, where are you going to find an evening dress or something that expresses your personality?   I so agree about the colour. I was a teenager in the late 80s and I wore neon and flouro and pastel colours.  I have skin tone that looks great with bright outfits but finding something like that today? Just not out there.  A lot of older women in my town are learning to make their own clothes, just so they can have the styles they like.  The studied dowdiness of elder women's fashion perpetuates this idea that age=ugly and that then leads into people feeling ugly, not wanting to go out and be seen, and then losing their ability to be assertive and proactive in their own life, and in the end hugely reduces their quality of life.  It's something that definitely needs to change and plays hugely into misogyny.  Gosh, that's quite a rant. But I'll leave it here anyway :) .   It's great to see people kicking up about it.  Loved that green check pantsuit in the picture, brilliant colour, we need that sort of thing back :)
I used to work in an art gallery in London and the best dressed people we would see were women aged 50+. They had such a colourful, creative and fun sense of style and were old enough to have accrued the money to buy high quality pieces.
That is a beautiful blouse you’re wearing.
The Mutton dressed as lamb adage was so powerful that my mother was using it about herself and post middle age women in general in the 1970's.  As for ageing you have no idea until it happens. A few health scares, including teeth and a couple of bad reactions to much needed medication and you are a person you don't recognize including having a body shape that you have no idea how to style. Time is different, too, the older you get and priorities are very, very different. If you can keep within the size you have been for most of your life that goes a very long way to feeling comfortable in your own skin.
55 here.   Seriously... I couldn't care less.
Interesting video!
As someone who has reached, and passed, that magical Covid-decreed age for "elderly" - age 60 - I can wholeheartedly vouch for what's discussed in this video! Granted, places like Kohl's have some of the frumpiest clothing for older women and ESPECIALLY plus-sized women (I am both), so I will not buy there. But now that I live in a 55+ facility, I have noticed that the majority of women here dress FARRR frumpier and older than their age. It's like when they get to a certain age, they just stop trying. _About anything._ Clothing, hair, makeup....I know being comfortable is one thing, but being frumpy about it is well...a bit unseemly. Seems women over 40 suddenly become invisible to both the fashion industry and the rest of the world!
Great and insightful commentary as always, but as a practicing Hindu woman, I'd like to clarify that the Bindi is not a symbol of marital status, but a marker of faith, much like wearing a cross might be, and has no real bearing on age or maturity. Young girls can and do wear a bindi, as do women of all ages. Hindu men also mark their forehead for much the same reason as a bindi is worn by women- often traditionally kumkum north India (or those in the diaspora hailing from the north), or vibhuthi or 'namam' in the south of India (or diaspora).  While today, bindi-wearing is practiced less, particularly in north India, or those in the diaspora abroad, and has sometimes been adopted by wearers of other faiths as a 'fashion statement', this to me is the same as wearing a hijab as a fashion statement - it's just not, at least for the majority? While progressiveness is always positive, calling a religious symbol a fashion statement feels flippant at best, and reads to me as dilution and appropriation. Perhaps it's purist of me, but a bindi is still first and foremost symbol of the Hindu faith, in a way that's widely practiced still today, with no link to age or marital status.   There are of course plenty of other visual markers of a woman's age or marital status in Hindu and Indian culture. For example Sindoor, a red forehead marking often worn by women in north India,  is often a symbol of marriage, and perhaps this is what you meant rather than the bindi. There's also certain drapes of a saree that are traditionally reserved for married women, and several other symbols of maturity or marriage, but a bindi really isn't one of them.   Sorry for the essay, but I regularly keep up with your videos and was quite disappointed to see this, so really needed to set the record straight so my culture isn't misrepresented! :D
Gosh, who even talks about this? Thankyou!❤
Very interesting topic. New subscriber 😊
I thought u were about to point out the hate women in the fashion industry have towards older women, but I guess it's just an oh no the "patriarchy"  video
And this is why im religious. Because fashion rules are arbritrary. If all women dressed modestly regardless of age, society would be less superficial overall and no one would ever feel bad due to comparison.
Quite a few older women have the money to have their stunning pieces made by a seamstress or a taylor. The 'fashion' industry has missed the gravy train of the well-off Ladies.
Hey Mina, I've loved your channel ever since I saw your video on modernism. Would you ever consider doing a video on postmodernism?
Well done, Mina! Well researched thoughtful commentary
Lots to unpack here, but I think your personal style still translates through different ages.  If you have a classic style, it will work for you longer and there will be shops that sell clothes for you (COS and others), and designers/brands that have been around a long time - Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren.  If you are an ingenue or romantic type it probably won't age well.  There will always be exceptions - Iris Apfel, Maye Musk.  Once you cross the line into your 30's you will start feeling that a lot of "fashions" are not for you.
you are wise beyond your years!    great topic and show!
Wear what you like. “Aging out” of a silhouette can also be  “maturing beyond” a style.
If you think about it, it's really dumb for fashion to think older woman aren't markable, considering most people will have more money and capital when they're older! Would really like another video about older men fashion, because, again, I don't think they're told to be invisible the way older women are.
You’re committing the same sin in implying older women look “matronly” in the first place. You lost me at the title, and I didn’t watch because it’s insulting.
It’s freeing to be 65. I no longer look in the mirror and hate myself and pick apart how badly I’ve aging. By the way , bitterness about the “ patriarchy “ is ugly at any age. Just embrace where you are and live kindly .
Be your amazing intelligent, fierce, and loving self and wear what you want at any age! (from a Gen Xer who does not give a hoot what others think of  her!).
I'm someone who never had an ideal body, nor the confidence to say Fuck It and wear stuff anyway. So crop tops and skin exposure always made me feel awkward and anxious. Hitting my thirties, I finally felt like I could wear what I actually enjoyed, with fewer people calling me dowdy or old fashioned. I love a long floaty dress and bold patterns. Something like a mix between cottage core and bohemian. Now I'm in my forties and I'm finally in the zero fucks era of my life 🎉 I have a wardrobe full of amazing dresses, you can't get me into a trouser and I get compliments from the younger people in my life. I love ageing. I've never felt more self assured and happy to be me. There are trade-offs to ageing, it isn't a thing to be sad about 👍🏻
Great video ❤
Wow Mina, you are so young, how can you have "aged out" of any clothing?
I clicked on this video expecting just the usual fairly trivial fashion content, but it is so much more. Extremely well researched & very enjoyable. Subscribd. Q. At 6.30 where is the 40-60 group? Imo that is the most difficult age group, & where the gap lies in fashion retail. There just doesn't seem to be any shops/websites that cater to this age group. Everything is either really too young & trendy or old & frumpy.
Excellent, excellent video.   If the fashion industry refuses to make "plus" sized fashion mainstream (an example being regularly making those sizes in samples), and easily accessible then making clothes that comfortably fit older women is an even longer time coming.
Iris Ipfel is over 100 and has fabulous fashion sense. Style is timeless. People who disagree can suck it.
I would like to add check out Iris Apfel who is nearly 100 and dresses the way I want to at her age.
I have loved living at every decade I've lived. Looking after your health is the most important thing.
I'm generation X.  I only wear designer labels for the sake of sustainable fashion.  I can afford it, I'm also smart about what I am willing to pay, and retailers love the money I spend on it.  Despite what anyone thinks, like other stylish women in the forties, fifties, and sixties, I rock.  If you think you're at your peak now, wait until you're in your forties going into your fifties.  That's when sexy really happens.
In Ireland, it was term of respect. Do more reseach.
Ageism exists. How one FEELS about aging is subjective. In this comment section alone I've read "I'm 51. I'm old" and "My Mom's only 51".
I'm older, never wore anything but lipstick. But now I do my eyebrows daily because they've gotten shorter. Perks me up and I don't feel embarrassed to get impromptu visitors.
I'm a 24 year old, yet this stigma against growing older as a woman has been terrifying living rent free in my head every single day. It's got to the point that I can't help thinking about it more than multiple times a day and worse, nobody around me seems to invalidate the twisted notion. It feels like a clock ticking off and I find myself wishing I'd rather die early and rather than old and happy. Seeing these lovely ladies on here talking about their experiences, choosing to still embrace their beauty and individuality despite the shallow treatment from others choked me up. It's been so healing to find this space as it's a topic very rarely addressed.
What’s fucked in retrospect is I heard and learnt mutton as a derogatory term from my dad when I was like 6 😖
As a woman in her 40s I can say we don’t care about this “fashion advice” magazines and who ever else has for us “older women”. I found it interesting that the young lady that made this video said that she no longer feels it’s “appropriate” for her to wear certain things and she wonders if she is being psyoped into thinking these clothes aren’t for her anymore. Now, only she can answer that for herself but I want to bring my own perspective as I went through that stage a long time ago now. The psyop was how you were potentially dressing before,  in your “younger phase”. When young, you are much more susceptible to advertising and “finding yourself” and concerned with other’s opinions. As you age you give less f*cks. An older woman with a strong sense of self is not looking for the attention of the younger unsophisticated man. We are not concerned that we are not attracting this type of attention, because we don’t value that attention.   This young lady has made a wonderful video and I thank her for it, but I’m interested to see, as I suspect, her perspective to change as she continues to age and look back at her younger years. ❤️ Rest assured, the future is badass and assured in oneself.
Interesting video. One thing that made me laugh. I will be 70 next year.  I have more money to spend on my clothes now then ever before. I am mostly retired so nobody give a s#*t what I wear. So if the industry doesn't want my money I will use my brain and large inventory to shop my closet. And, I will use my money for anything but fashion. Thank you sweetie. Really appreciate all the work you have done here. Brava.
I am 73, wear blue jeans and tshirts everyday since retiring. I am comfortable and really don't care what anyone thinks
Actually, ladies wore gloves and hats so as not to get tanned.  back then, having a tan meant you were working class.
Regardless of my age, I'm going to wear whatever I like, what flatters my body type, and what fits my lifestyle.
Dont dress your age, dress your body. Look to the French always.
In this youth obsessed society, it’s no surprise mature women are at best ignored or at worst ridiculed and stepped on for daring to dress any way we damn well please.  For men it’s simple misogyny and for women, self loathing due to internalized patriarchy where all this hatred towards mature women originates from. In general, whether young or mature, women are expected to act a certain way, be a certain way, look a certain way and live a certain way and if we dare have an ounce of originality and deviate from these societal boxes we are shoved into, then expect to be mocked, derided, belittled and humiliated.  Women are damned if we do and damned if we don’t. We can’t win with this sexism and ageism so why bother trying to walk this razor thin line? To hell with all these ludicrous fashion rules and dress however you damn well feel. Women, young and old, don’t owe any explanations or justifications to anyone on what we put on our own bodies. Fashion should be a form of self expression not just functional. So wearing what brings out your personality and creativity is something to be admired and celebrated, irrespective of age. I love seeing young and mature women expressing their individuality through fashion.
There are lots of older Japanese youtuber (50-70 years olds) sharing their outfits and they are always inspirations for me for a timeless look (I'm in my 20s)  https://youtu.be/GGIskYixpl0?si=Q62_hZh4DInq4Rvc  https://youtube.com/@lucyonsecondavenue8716?si=S03l61D4O1omHet5
That invisible thing! It is so frustrating. I am in meetings. Suggestions are needed. I voice one. There is silence. Then SOMEONE younger says what I just said and everybody says "great idea let's do that"!  At first, I didn't say anything but now I piss them all off by saying Well Thank You! I can give you more suggestions if you like. Then everybody looks at me all sour as if I have hurt the youngling. ARRRR!!!  Thank you all for letting me vent! Ha!
This video is so appreciated. I subscribed today and look forward to seeing 37:32 your earlier videos as well as current ones.
Ageism truly crosses all boundaries, everywhere. Despite so much progress with regards to social concerns, ageism is rampant and seems to have become much worse with social media.  I am only 24 but sometimes i feel as though I am basically already middle aged, even though I am only 24.   Its like the younger generation especially gives women a 5 year period to be considered not a hag and from thereforth its over.
Age is just a number
As a 62 year old woman, none of this nonsense about aging that the media trys to push on older women affects me.  My advice; eat a whole foods diet that is more plant based (mediterranean diet is best for me).  Stay away from processed foods and all those toxic Omega 6 oils as much a possible. Exercise, meditate, try to have a positive outlook and give thanks for what you have. Stay fit and cook for yourself.  Get out in nature. Coconut oil for is a great body moisturizer for me.  The only luxury I afford myself is french skincare. Read labels and if the ingredient list is too long with names you can't pronounce, don't put it in your body.
I'm 33, but the school girl silhouette with shorter skirts just looks the best on my figure. But I only started wearing it in my late 20s. I hated the looks I would get from men when I would wear those clothes when I was younger so I dressed a lot more conservative, but now that I'm older I feel I can handle them better, it's the same thing you mentioned with older women wearing dresses with a lot of décolleté. I'm a strong advocate to just wear what you want and what YOU think looks good on you instead of listening to what society deems appropriate, but I can see how societal pressures can influence your personal style as you age, if you feel uncomfortable wearing something because you feel too old for the outfit, you won't feel confident and look as good as you did when you were younger. I like to imagine that as I age my style is going to develop with me and I'll wear more pieces that look timeless, of high quality and still look flattering to my body. For now I still like to dress younger and wear similar clothes as gen z, maybe at some point I'm not going to suit new trends anymore, but yea, what what you think looks good on you.
Very nice research and an interesting topic. Thank you.
Style, by itself, is always - and I do mean always, a distortion of reality.  Humans are more complex than their surface appearance.   One element forgotten about aging is that wisdom has been developed, that can be tapped into.  We've relegated our elders and their wisdom to near worthlessness.   If this trend is reversed,  we might find styles accommodating that role.
Love your attitude:)As a late 60s woman I have always loved fashion and am feeling confused about “how to dress” for my age. Your positive,upbeat attitude reinforces the fact that I am still “me” even though I am older and I shouldn’t have to turn into someone else. My personal style has always been a statement, and should continue to be regardless of my age! Keep inspiring:)
Honestly, though,  i can still turn heads at 54 with a few wrinkles on my face.  It's how you dress and carry yourself.  Sexy is not a weight,  age, or skintone.  It's an attitude
😂 look at these men telling us this. Dude you have more hair coming out your ears than on your head and you appear to be 13 months pregnant with that overhang belly you have going on, but yeah. Judge me because i am not 25 anymore. Gthoof
Um. What happened to age 50 to 60?  Your graph shows women ages 20 to 40 and 60 to 80.  Where is a whole 10 yrs?!?!  You don't go from 40 to 60, no one checked this in editing?
I wish the fashion wasn't to make one look like a slob or shlumpy or like you've slept in your clothes for the last week. all I would like now that I'm 60 is neat and tidy, being comfortable would be a + pretty colors would also be nice, not mustard and pea green or olive drab- no one looks good in those colors
This young woman is speaking of things she knows nothing about and has bought into so many stereotypes!  I know that people in the US are a bit backward, but this is ridiculous. It is sad to hear a female of any age speaking like this. I feel sorry for American women if they think they are living with these boundaries. It is sickening.  Old age like any other time in life has special joys and benefits and lessons to be learned and skills to polish. No real women would try to look like a teenager., nor would they want to relinquish all the knowledge they've gained and be taken for younger. American women don't seem to know they have an option.  About the material presented here, it is simply a collection of sexist and misogynistic example of women being treated like trash, with much derision and spite. As though someone has searched literature, film and history of examples of hateful, demeaning examples of mature women. We know why certain men fear the mature woman, but it is particularly sad to hear a young woman repeating these trashy comments. "Hagsploitation"?! Spinster. Witch. Why even repeat these damaging words.  Why not bring forth positive images. "Women can't win for anything" this fatalism only throws you into the ugly pit of mysoginy.
Thank you for this. More! Birdy
Shhh.  Please don't encourage the fashion industry to try marketing at us directly.  We're doing critically important work, here.  We're busily stretching out the paradigm that all females will find themselves part of (if they live long enough).  If you have any hope of ever being free from being dictated to over how you should look or what you should wear - that's what we're up to.  Being meaningful, once beyond (I don't know if it's specifically male driven) societal dictation, is that not what you hope could be your lot?  We've emancipated ourselves and been punished with invisibility.  Slung out the front door but society completely forgot to secure the faulty latch on the bathroom window.  Do you want us to take the house back or not?  There's nothing wrong with self adorning or not self adorning - but who wants it to be dictated by someone else?  The horrific thing, that I have noticed, is that (for some reason) it's hard for even one older woman to take another older woman seriously.  It's like there's a lens that drops down.  The message, that women become less relevant with age, has been so deeply ingrained.  We think we are niche when, actually, we're inevitability.  And I refuse to remove my date of birth from my curriculum vitae!  God - if you ever needed evidence that a nasty stereotype is still alive and kicking it's when an employment agency tells you it's time to take your DOB off your CV.  I'm fifty three.  I'm trying to keep my brain vital and my body temperate.
(Beginning of the video comment) I actually realised the "why is matronly even supposed to be bad?" thing a while ago, but it was a nebulous and not-researched thought until now. Hopefully your video can help develop my opinion x3  I do also wonder if all the stern matrons in popular media are actually close to reality or if matrons in the past were actually just kind ladies with self-esteem.  My plan is to get a breast reduction after having children, because I don't wanna still be bothering with 120€ bras when I'm in my early 70s. I wanna have the full-chest life AND the flat girl life! I will have both grasses on either side of the fence, MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Thank you for this it is so unusual to see a young creator working to center older women. I am 62 years old and I really don't give a rat's ass what anyone thinks of the way I dress, and I normally wear leggings with a mini skirt and doc martens. It's adorable and I love it and I don't give a crap if someone is judging me
The best age is the age you are now. It was great in my 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s and 60s now. TBH my sense of fashion hasn't changed much apart from the fact that it's gotten more refined now that I know what colors and styles look best on me. Never really wore super short, low-cut (not blessed there in the decolletage) clothes anyway so there was no transition over the decades. I wear figure hugging (not tight) clothes on occasion and I love sleeveless tops/dresses but most times, chic and comfortable (t-shirt & jeans, loose cotton pants with crop tops, etc) is what I go for. Like other commenters, not receiving unwanted attention or cat-calls is so refreshing. If I get the occasional side eye by someone who thinks I don't dress my age, I usually just smirk back. It totally amuses me to get that old-fashioned reaction.
Vogue tm has no relevance.owned by Conde Nast.  Not real.
Matronly...ugly..uncool.
I feel grateful that I've reached 63. I like being this age and I'm also aware I'm closer to the end than the beginning. I have health issues, have  some disablities now and stopped coloring my hair in 2015, why pretend, why spend the money? I have lots of silver and white hair, have to wear ugly molded shoes and I'm tall and had to wear a lot of men's clothing to find trousers long enough ever since a kid.   I find myself much happier at this age, enjoy having wisdom earned through living life this long. I love being a lifetime learner and have great enthusiasm in life experiences.  I don't give a rats ass what people think of me and my appearance.   I focus a lot on whats healthy for me mentally and emotionally.  Laughter is indeed the best medicine even when I'm bedridden.  Having an irreverent snd sometimes dark sense of humor, keeps me sane over the many, many absurdities of life.  Only I am respondible for taking care of me. I know I cannot truly count on anyone to always take care of me because we are all imperfect snd human.  I still adore meeting new people and cultures.    I will leave this world worn, very used, aged body one day and NOT a perfect unlived in one.  Remind yourself..........     " I didnt come this far, to only come this far ."
Check out Carla Rockmore and Nikol Johnson. They're stylish, middle aged women, embracing their age and they're stunning!
You’re a good journalist. ;)
Hell with fashion. Nothing matters less to me. I'm 71, make my own clothes, never follow fashion,  an look the way I want. I make my own style always have.
Outside of the markets mandating certain looks, there's a visible date on people who refuse to go through another trend cycle (see low-rise jeans, plucked eyebrows and so on). I personally like the theory that it's the confidence of refusing fads that should dictate personal style, which will naturally have some patterns in different generations.
All the older women I know could not give a hoot what the fashion industry thinks of them! 😂
I remember watching Six Feet Under as it premiered and being totally blown away by the mother having long hair despite it being gray. It was the first time I saw a woman with long, gray hair outside of historical dramas. I will never cut my hair short just because I’m ”old”. I quite look forward to it going completely white so I can dye it pink. Also, I already don’t give a fuck about fads. I’ll be in my seventies channeling my inner Lady Catherine de Burgh.
Let's try a new thing: Elder-core. I'm nearing forty, and I'm ropable about the lack of aesthetically appealing, texturally-appealing. becoming, feminine, age-appropriate clothing available on the market. There's so much more that can be done to compliment every age group in the fashion industry\market.  The industry essentially writing off elder women or those over 35 as not "being a market" is unbelievably ignorant and short-sighted.  I'm legit looking at sewing patterns from the fifties to make my own stuff I'm that annoyed by the current paradigm in the shops.
Although wearing well made tailored outfits feels confident to me, just knowing I could choose neon leggings and a gaudy big shirt anytime is freedom, because I can and no one including myself give a damn.
I might have missed it but the documentary “Advanced Style” was a HUGE cultural shift in how we view older women. It really moved a lot of young people to look to older women for style inspiration.
The segment about how different cultures view aging reminded me of a single section in a memoir about Hmong people I read in my freshman year of college where the author's family is being taken to a refugee camp and when they ask for the grandmother's date of birth, her son says she was born in I believe the 1930's. To which the grandmother grumbles about how she's older than that. This little sentence really stuck with me because I'm so used to hearing about older women wanting to be perceived as younger, that I was surprised when she was annoyed at being perceived as such. I guess it was weirdly cathartic to hear an older woman be so open about her age because of my own fears of growing older.
Old here, old is when the body parts go south and here in the southwest desert, try old, cover up and hot flashes at 100+ degrees…nope, you show skin, if you want to survive the heat. Maybe there will be the day when bat wings are in fashion, but in the meantime I will continue to dress for the southwest heat, coupled with hot flashes and the mood of the day. But I do believe that our bodies inform us when something no longer suits our shape; it doesn’t mean frumpy, is just another growth spurt to add to our wisdom and readjust our fashion. My body has changed, I now have knobby knees, boobs half way to the Antarctic, etc, etc, tight restrictive clothes are no longer alluring or comfortable. my body now asks for the easiness of flow-y clothes, not necessarily frumpy, with spaghetti straps, bat wings flapping and a long flowing skirt or relax fit pants and great supportive shoes because my old feet were murdered by the high heels, I chose to wear back then when…
Question,  is there a bloopers copilation video that we can see here or on your Patreon?
The  irony is that when we are older we start choosing better quality pieces we couldn't have afforded when we were young. For many of us most of our resources went to raising families and working hard. Now we can spend our money on ourselves but no one is interested in us. Personally, at 67 I wear only natural fibres and super comfortable clothing. I love my jeans, combat boots, and blazers and I don't really think about what my age means in terms of what I should wear.
Wear what you want, learn to not care what others think.  Watching those old videos makes me cringe. Good topic. Women! Break out of convention!
What a beautifully researched video. Excellent job!
correction: everybody (not old) hates everyone old. not a revolutionary observation
6:05 anyone else immediately sit up straight when this came on?
I wish that IMBD study looking at the average age of leading women and leading men from 1920-2011 (at rhe 12:09 mark) had ALSO given an average range or a bell curve. Because I would imagine the ladies all fall around the 30 or lower mark while the men were more wide spread. But it's just an asumption (hence why I wish there was more to the study).
I'm 68 years old and widowed -- and have ZERO interest in being attractive to men anymore, because at this age it's a fool's game. I wear what I want, and if that's mom jeans and T-shirts or sweaters, so be it. I smile at people and hold doors for them and I'm courteous to shop clerks and I cook for people going through life crises and those things make me far happer than jumping through hoops trying to look like I'm still in my 20s would.
The industry  hates fat people especially black and femme and trans, and it hates old people especially black femme and trans obvi
The most annoying thing is when I go out with my son and people assume I am his nan because I dared to have him at 43.
I'm turning 50 this week and they will take me out of my cottagecore floofy dresses over my...
Excellent video... Glad to have discovered you.
I stopped caring about what the fashion industry said about what to wear, in the 60s.  I was a teen then - a hippie girl. We absolutely didn't care then, & I've never cared since (except of course the availability of some things ie colors etc).  I've been sewing for myself & going to thrift-shops since HS.  Needless to say I'm old now LOL  I look 20 years younger than I am, but that STILL makes me look over 50 LOL  I still wear what I want, as I always have.  Printed t-shirts, including K-Pop ones LOL, bell-bottoms, those long grannie skirts, etc etc.  I cosplay.  Still.  If somebody doesn't like it, SCREW THEM LOL Now, my grandmother grew up in the era when you dressed per your marital status.  I never realized until later in life that she too looked much younger than she was (runs in the family) because she dressed 'matronly' ie as a staid married woman, from her early 20s on!  She wore what women of her age were told to wear, & had her hair done accordingly as well.
this cracked me up and made me a little annoyed... I'm 61 and my personal style is IDGAF, I choose style over fashion and unrepentantly shop at Killstar. Considering my questionable life choices in the 80's I'm lucky to be alive and I'm gonna enjoy every minute.
Women buy into this stuff, though.  And you know it.
The freedom that comes to you when u get older...its something i didnt expect but yes, the longer we are on the planet, the less caught up  we get in the trivial...its mentally liberating.
I've always wondered why they don't make "Mature Cut" clothes that are in fashion too? Like instead of a crop top by itself, a mature cut would be a crop top with an attached thin undershirt and a neckline befitting an older figure?  Or maybe they can redesign the last decade's fashion patterns to have that more adult cut and look to it, transitioning the favorite fashions of that generation along with the people that like it. Slide the teen-twenties fashions into the 30's-40's age range and replace the empty space with whatever the new generation is into.   There's solutions and opportunities to make money on a currently-neglected market. It would be terrible capitalism to neglect that market, would it not?   (not a fan of capitalism myself, just appealing to the ones that run the fashion industry)
I just don't get the stigma attached to aging for women. We're all doing it. The desire to look younger seems to be leading women to do a lot of unhealthy things rather than just working to keep healthy, accept we're going to age and refuse to do it gracefully.
I turned 40 this year and suddenly realized my grandma was just beyond 50 when I was a child and it blew my mind. She really looked at least 10 years older because "that's how grannies should look like" (ugly pants, a layered bunch of old cardigans and an apron on top, always). In my culture, women are bound to cater for the male gaze, so sexyness is the top you can look to be considered beautiful or even elegant, unless, of course, you are "blessed" with the gift of not being in need of attracting (men's) attention, either because you alredy "belong to a man" or because you're no longer part of the reproductive pool. Anyhow, since I turned 30 I couldn't care less anymore and I enjoy a more experimental side of fashion that doesn't necessarily have to do with looking sexually attractive. Recently, talking to a random woman in her 20's I realized I'm seen as a quirky old lady... well, I like that label lol.
Chasing to BE part of fashion isn't how one becomes a real elder in the first place though.   So perhaps it’s actually correct that fashion should not wish to be involved with old women— perhaps. fashion’  knows one of the many wisdoms that modern old women have  forgotten
Colleen Heidemann is one of my favorite models, shes in her mid 70s with fully white hair. She talks a lot about age meaning nothing to her fashion/lifestyle.
Im 50, fat and dress like an overgrown toddler. I love overalls and crocs. I am perfectly happy. I have Noone to impress.
Classic styles and properly fitted clothing will see you through any trend, any season, any lifetime.
I'm in my later 40s. I've had CFS for 17 years and am sometimes in a wheelchair, sometimes on an electric bike. More than representation, we need our stores to carry clothes that will fit the belly and butt of non-tweens. I have a single pair of palazzo jeans (love eShakti for fit). We don't buy clothes because there aren't any for us. We would LOVE to have shopping be a reasonable solution. For occasions where Ts and cycling pants won't do, I have to sew my way through several iterations of muslin first to get a flattering fit. Fashion is generally too much energy for a no-win losing game.
Gonna put a shout out to my 85 year old grandmother here for being iconically fashionable for as long as I've known her. Her style is very feminine, lots of soft pastel purples and blues with white for contrast. She loves statement pieces with really intricate colorful patterns, and pieces that have a shimmer to them. Sometimes that like these gorgeous satin jackets with intricately detailed birds on them, sometimes that's shirts lined with diamantes, sometimes that's straight up glitter. I don't know how she does it but she always brings this air of elegance and class to whatever she wears, even for stuff that I normally don't personally like. She just owns it.
It's crazy to me that men seem to generally accept what they'll be fertile forever. If I had a nickel for how many men I've talked to who are genuinely shocked and were in denial that they don't qualify to donate sperm because they're older than 35, I'd have 10¢, but its weird that its happened twice.     Men's reproductive age starts dropping off just as soon. And while, yes, men can often manage to have healthy children well into their later years, the chances of so many birth defects and complications increases dramatically. It poses serious health risks to both the child and the person carrying them. Its something that needs to be treated seriously by anyone who wants a child irregardless of their sex. I feel bad for all the men who bought the lie that they could just wait until they were ancient to have kids, no biggy. A lot of men don't even think about their fertility until something's not working.
Here it is - fashion had one aim to market women between the ages of 15-25, push that range up and down as you will, as sexually desirable. Young girls are to look cute and off the market. Older women are to look sophisticated and off the market. “Matronly” and “old” are euphemisms for “off the market. Religious people with dress codes have known this for years, because we get accused of dressing matronly during our “marketable years”. Women argue they dress for themselves and other women, but it is ingrained in our collective subconscious. We have to make a collective conscious choice to change our relationship with fashion if that is what we want. Men do not have the same relationship with fashion. Men send different messages - socioeconomic status and occupation. Once boys leave the cute phase, they dress like little men in clothing that emulates their fathers.
You dress in an older style, and that does seem to have a significant aspect in how old you appear to be. I've noticed that, when I see Bernadette Banner dressed in modern clothes, she looks a whole lot younger.   That said, I did guess you were probably in your 20s. I actually thought you might be even younger, due to the effect I mentioned above. But 27 fits.   Why do I bring this up on a video calling out age-related fashion? Mostly because I'm fascinated by the perceptions. But also because I wonder if the fact that I didn't improperly age you doesn't mean that some of this is changing.
Older people still wear what they wore when they were younger.   There's no old person's fashion.  It moves with the times.
This is why I've been learning to make my own clothes and alterations, mending/embellishment techniques.  It's such a freaking pain going through either stores or even online, and finding things that fit me that I like, when I feel like a lot of stores either try to cater to ultra young or much older than myself.
i'm 22 with a cane and have been nicknamed grandma for a while because i dress old fashioned and modestly, and i fully embrace it lol. grandma not in a woman with children and grandchildren way, but in a kindly disabled nonbinary person way 😊
Nicotine
The fashion industry hates all women.
"We no longer deem you attractive, so we will severely limit your choices to be attractive whilst reminding you on every step of the way that you are, in fact, not attractive - just in case you forgot" is the memo I am getting. It goes hand in hand with the still weirdly prevalent belief that a woman cannot dress nice for _herself;_ it's always for other people's approval, or to get attention.  16:47 okay but this is literally me. I am in my mid-twenties. It's either this, sweaters and hoodies, or professional-wear that leans much more into the masculine. I have been told many, many times, when I reached for an article of clothing, to put it down because it's 'for the grannies', and it never sat right with me because it looked comfortable and why does it matter, anyway.  Then I picked up crochet so like... when's the weekly bingo happening (i would unironically like to go).  Actually, thinking of crochet (and knitting but I am not a part of that community) and how it used to be viewed as this thing that old grannies do but it actually became fairly popular with people my age or even younger, there is hope that the same thing might happen with 'granny fashion' - and it's apparently already happening. Granny chic is a mood and a half - I would happily wear like half of those outfits (I don't like frills).
I'm 24 and already fear I can't wear certain things because I'll look like I'm trying to look younger. like wearing space buns or clothes that are too trendy bc its mostly teens who wear them
I'll be 43 in 3 weeks and I wesr whatecer the h*** I want! I've never been as thick as I am now. Never had as many lines on my face or heavy lids.  And I've never felt this comfortable. I just wore an,Edwardien style top with a mini flared sķirt with sugar skulls a couple of days ago. I dont doubt that a lot of people would think I'm too old and too thick - that's not my problem. One of my greatest style idols is Iris Apfel; Loud, bold and flipping the finger at "should"!
Men want fertile women, women want to advertise their fertility, the fashion industry caters to women that want to advertise their fertility. Older women lose their fertility, men no longer want them, those women stop caring, and don't engage in fashion. Little use fighting nature.
This is a very interesting & well made video. I agree its a privilege's to age and as a result to continue on with living. If someone stops biologically ageing, well...they've died. Love & appreciated who you are inside, and embrace your new chapters of beauty on the outside which occur with aging. The outside will inevitably alter and change no matter how many strategies are utilized to attempt at stopping time. As the great Metallica has said "Time marches on, on, on... "
I always get annoyed by how cute the jrs section is and then the womens fashion is so fucking boring Its why i mainly shop at hot topic. But betsey johnson and lauren conrad are my FAV fashion icons, and they GET IT
When I was a teen, I wore baggy, frumpy t-shirts and jeans, the most comfortable, unattractive, unfeminine clothes you could imagine. I was not fashionable in the slightest.  BuT as I grew older and gained more confidence in who I was and what I liked, I began to dress in ways I never had the confidence to wear as a teen, so now I'm in my early 40's, wearing what I couldn't imagine wearing in my teens and 20's and finally loving the clothes I wear. (Even if I wish I had the same body shape as my teen self, lol.)
My Mum was told by another woman at work that my mum should cut her hair short because she’s too old to have her current hair length, what a load of crap!!
There are almost no nice clothing choices for women between 30 and 60. You either have crop tops and high-waisted wide leg jeans for the 20s and younger, or floral patterns and loads of polyester for women who are well above 60. I've just accepted that I'm going to look like crap since the only thing that works with my lifestyle as a full-time mom is leggings (which I hate) and men's t-shirts (since women's shirts have lower necklines that are wildly inappropriate if I'm leaning over to talk to my son at a playground).
Omg i just finished the betty davis film literally the day this vid went up!
💖💖💖
I turn 39 this week, and I've found myself falling farther and farther away from fashion over the years. I've been more and more interested in 'old fashioned' clothing. Anything from the Edwardian and Victorian eras right up into the flare jeans from the 70s. Cottagecore aesthetics and just. . . Finding something comfortable that expresses the inner me, regardless of my age. And I am nothing if not eclectic.
the colors I’m wearing have only gotten bolder and brighter as I’ve gotten older lol
There are so many ways this topic can be approached.  For instance, clothing depends a lot on climate, unless you are constantly indoors in a modern city.  Consider how Pacific Islanders dress, at any age. Or, consider cultures that wear very few, if any clothes, like some Australian first nations people (there are lots of different ones), who often wear only a sort of string around the waist, plus or minus various body paints or ornaments.  Then there is what people do with their hair - e.g. some tribes in New Guinea. In Brisbane, Australia, where I am now, old people wear shorts because it is hot. You just cannot wear a ton of clothing, although I notice that young people here actually wear boots as a fashion accessory sometimes, perhaps because they can control their body temperature really well. I cannot even bear closed shoes here in spring and summer. In Melbourne, Australia, on very hot days, people tend to drop otherwise somewhat conservative and self-conscious forms of dress, and go tropical.  Much of the time, though, they wear mass-produced leisurewear, i.e. untailored one-size shirts and sweat pants.  There has been very little local clothing design and production since the 1970s here, and the style, variety, and quality have greatly declined.  I noticed this in France too.  When I lived there in the 1970s, there were all sorts of lovely clothes, but in the 2000s, it's all one-size imported, along with McDonalds and rising obesity.
I'm a 48 year old woman, and I've always looked younger than my age, so I hear, "wow, you look so young for your age!", as though that's a compliment, as though looking my actual age is somehow a bad thing. I'm rediscovering my style from my 20s, because I love it and dressing in a more "alternative" way makes me happy. I'm going to wear whatever I want, criticism be damned. I'm a lot more confident now than I was then, so I will be even more brave with my wardrobe than I was back then. If I want to wear a short skirt with thigh-high stockings, then I won't let anyone, especially my own inner critic, tell me no. I've wasted too much time denying myself the styles I love in order to look "proper and appropriate for my age", and the older I get, the more  I realize that life is too short and precious to weigh myself down with the weight of others' expectations and preferences. Dress for yourself, whatever that means for you. At the end of the day, all you have is yourself living and aging in your body. You can play with clothing, makeup, and accessories however you wish. Never let anyone take that pleasure away from you.
queens slayin!
I find the concept of career sunsets at the age of 40 laughable for anyone in the lower economical class. Our government says you work until you’re 75 (the age to collect full social security- and lets be real because that’s probably the only retirement you can afford) so at 40 years old you’ve been working for about 22 years and you can retire in 35 years. At 40 you haven’t even hit the halfway point of your working life.
I thought some of the "older" fashion trends looked nice and sophisticated--but maybe it's because I'm an "old soul"?! I wonder if part of the reason older women cover up more is not just because of no one wanting to see their skin, but also due to being more sensitive to cold. Older women may also be less willing to suffer for fashion, especially when they may have more aches and pains in general.  I do think that wearing classic, simple pieces may also be a result of having more money and investing in classic "heirloom" pieces that can last for years/generations rather than buying whatever fast fashion /trendy pieces you can while trying lots of things to try and discover your personal style as a younger woman. Over time you accumulate these clothes and it's more eco-friendly to just not buy as many clothes. I hope that I'm not going to date myself too much as I get older, but I don't really like big extreme trends , and find myself investing in more expensive pieces that I hope will be less subject to wear and tear and stand the (fashion) test of time--they're called classics for a reason!  When I get old(er), I aspire to be one of those crazy old ladies who don't give a f*ck and just layer on whatever clothes they have in unusual ways, hopefully in a more granny chic way than a bag lady way.
How do you start a cult?
Amazed that some as young as you are actual took up this topic! Kudos.  I find myself penalized by the fashion industry in several ways these days. First, I am, and always have been, short.  Not just short--under 5'--4'9.5".  Well now it's 4' 9".  Damn osteoporosis. (that's the thing (along with poor posture) that contributes to the head moving forward and looking down in women and men in their late 70s and 80s.  It's not entirely an inevitable part of aging.  As you know much of the fashion industry seems to forget that "petite" for women doesn't just mean "lop a few inches off the hem," but move the waistline and the knees (for pants) and the crotch depth and the back waist length and oo, maybe there are other things. too!  Oh and not all short people are skinny!  Surprise, surprise!  Second, I will soon (2 months) be 70 which to me, is the start of old.  Not the start of "mature" that was 50, so 20 years ago.  But now I'm met with the New Exciting Twist the fashion people have worked.  In making "Plus Size clothes "okay" for young people.  The took the Women's size range, which used to have all the "Mature" and even "matronly" styles and turned them into large versions of youthful styles in duller, darker colors.  Because fat people are unattractive just like old people. you want then to fade into the woodwork, too!  So those nice suits that elderly women wore in the 50s?  Totally missing.  I would love to look elegant even if I am heavier than I should be.  (Medicine now agrees that we *shouldn't* get heavier as we age.  It's not good.)  So Fashion screws short chubby elderly women all the way around.  I guess I'm going to be making my clothes again.  This is supposed to be my retirement!!
I’m 39 and younger people definitely don’t understand how hard it can be to dress yourself when you start to get older. They say “just wear what you want” but don’t understand that clothes don’t fit right/the same and the only clothes that do fit well are definitely boring bland clothes made to make someone disappear. I don’t want to disappear, I want fashionable fun clothes that just happen to fit the proportions of older bodies
Who else cried during the Barbie movie when Barbie sees the elderly woman at the bus stop and tells her she's beautiful?
It drives me crazy when I see a magazine cover with "fashions for older women" taglines and then I buy the magazine, get home, and see the models wearing the clothing all look like they are 19!
From reading the comments, I don't think age is the problem necessarily, or rather adverts will tell you that aging is the problem and women who lack confidence will fall into the trap of that fear regardless of their actual age.  It seems there are some fabulously confident older women who love not being dictated trends anymore (I suspect they might have stopped listening to trends anyway) and it also seems that people who care about what other people think (judgement about pets for example in one comment) are the ones who feel the pressure of aging. There is definitely a culture of fearing age - Mina had lots of examples - but it seems to be insecurity (exacerbated by that culture and by equally insecure and therefore judgy friends/colleagues) that actually stops women of any age dressing how they want.
hey mina, amazing video, i was always very scared of growing old in my teenage years because i thought one could not be happy and old and i am so happy i came to realize that i am happier the older i get, thank you for talking about something that nobody talks about as much as they should (as always)
As a 56 year old woman, I can honestly say that I am well dressed, use appropriate makeup and feel appropriately ignored for my age. I don't know what else to say except that reality can be painful. Aging can be a hard thing to accept especially when your beauty was revered in your youth.
I stopped buying "new  clothes " in my 40's cause  the quality of  clothes because such sh!t.  I buy natural fabric, with tailoring that mean the clothes last. Unfortunately that means all I can buy is vintage,  I would buy new clothes if there were good fashionable new clothes
I think that you can grow out of certain looks, when we're younger you get pressured to look and dress a certain way so we do it because it's expected. I find as I've gotten older than I abhor being in an outfit that is uncomfortable or restricting. If I have to keep fixing it or I'm too self aware while wearing it, I'm not gonna wear it again. I deserve to feel good and look good. The whole suffering for fashion is probably the most toxic aspect after judgement.  There are so many rules and opinions, cultural aspects involved with how someone ought to dress that it's silly that we even give it power.  I remember my grandma would always get her hair done and encourage us to get a blow dry (cos God forbid you go to a party with curly, frizzy hair) when we were younger and then she went and did a 180 and said that natural was better because you'll ruin your hair!!! I just never cared and wore whatever because I couldn't stir up the energy or the interest half the time.
There is a reason French women think of menopause as "a return to youth." As a youth, I might have hated the fashion industry had I given any time to it. Having returned to youth, I have to say that if the fashion industry hates me, then the feeling is mutual.
My mom is 68, still rocking mini skirts (with thick tights) and sportish feminine style with bright colors. She was always a little bit obsessed with her age and youthfulness, but damn she looks good. She also had me at 39, and as a result I'm not afraid of having kids later and getting older in general.
I’ve never understood why they don’t market stylish clothing to older women because we are the ones with the money😂
I'm not old, but I'm not nearly as young as you, I suspect. I think that this subject matter coming from a younger person gives it more potency. I do notice as I get older that certain clothes seem like 'that's just not me anymore, I feel like I'm trying too hard.' They were clothes for a moment in time. But this doesn't apply uniformly to all of my older clothes; I have some from 20+ years ago that I kept and look like I just bought them from the high street trends, and they still feel like 'me.' I see that a huge culprit in all of this is fast fashion, which encourages everyone (young or old) to always feel bad about themselves and buy more stuff, rather than finding a personal style that fits them uniquely.
At 60 I wear cloths I like. I am overweight but I know my body and try to highlight my positives and diminish my negatives. Bright jewel colors look good on me as well as muted rose and blues. Yellow does not. I found these things out as I matured. I don't have the legs for miniskirts but I like skinny jeans and lots of pullover sweaters. Crop tops are not great for me nor are long tunics because I am short so I pick something in  between or tuck in the shirt/sweater halfway into the front of my jeans. I have never been a suit person so I dress up in black pants and a pretty blouse. My style comes organically and I don't think of my age as much as what complements my body and personality. Ageism is definitely a thing so be bold and be sensible and be yourself!!!
Let me fix that for you. "The fashion industry hates women."
On Harper’s Bazaar article: I think the advice is meant to say don’t stand out, pretend like you don’t exist. Which is society’s advice to older women in general, imo.
I can't wait to be an old person and dress like a Yohji Yamamoto-inspired mysterious wanderer and be a badass sci-fi inspired old adventurer, tbh. Also, white hair can be dyed in many more fun colors, so yay xD
didn't watch but let me guess: it's straight cis white men's fault even though it's an industry dominated by women and gay men.
It never gets boring hearing the lamentations of post-wall harpies after they realize their lives of endless privilege are gone and there's nothing they can do about it.
I know I’m in the minority of this belief but all women should cover up. Half of the issues discussed is from the I’ll gotten belief that young women can wear less. If girls, young women, and old women all dressed conservatively and modestly, women would be less stressed.
Matronly Mina is GORG 😍😍😍
When I first had makeup done around age 12, I was told mascara on lower lashes was passe. This was about 1993. Lol
This is my fave video of yours. As a 39 year old woman, I am definitely feeling “aging out” of the fashion I used to love and media not pointing towards me as their target demographic. I feel like designers don’t make clothes for my body anymore as it changes over time, and it stresses me out as someone who’s always been considered very fashionable. I feel like it’s a lot harder to dress like “me.” Also I always tell people how old I am and they are shocked because I look ten years younger. Then they congratulate me for looking young as if I have control over how I look as I age Edit: I would love to see a video on maternity or plus size fashion
See "Advanced Style"
How stupid of a business do you have to be to offend and not serve your largest demographic… women who aren’t teenagers.
I know you mentioned a bit about larger waists, but I think a bigger issue with the high fashions that really set the trends is that they are not size inclusive at all. Most of the 60+ folks I know would not fit into a smaller than size 12 (or 10) that most fashion houses only size up to
I think it’s absolutely *wild* that society treats people like their no longer interesting/relevant the moment they hit 30. Like, I’m in my early 20s but ik I’m still a baby in the grand scheme of things. So everyone going “oh yeah I’m turning 21 this year” as a joke about how old they are just kinda makes me go there’s no way you *actually* want to be that age.
TINA TURNER ????  I myself wear black, keep myself warm, and have lowered my heels but the clothing just skims my figure.
Lol 😂 As I coming into My Older years, I'm finding I'm giving less and less a care of what other's opinion of What I wear, and how I look, or how I behave ...I just can't or won't drum up the emotional concern to give a Sh!t.
Chaplin... look at Deniro and Pacino being selfish and siring children who won't even know them. I hate it!! AAARGH. I'm a 47 year old woman and the experience of ageing is a very interesting one. The change in my skin from 7 years ago is MASSIVE, yet it didn't seem to happen gradually, it's like one day you've got crepey skin on the back of your hands and your face is heading south. Clothes choices are hard - i've gone for lagenlook and history bounding styles as they're more interesting to me. High street stuff has never really appealed to me (although I hvae bought the odd thing from the highstreet in the past), and I can also make my own clothes which is handy! It's frustrating the expectations on older women, but honestly, there's also the benefit of not caring what anyone else thinks and wearing whatever the heck you want :) Also, the reason women choose to avoid pants and go for dresses etc in menopause (i'm peri menopausal) is due to discomfort for tight/close fitting garments in the groin region! This doesn't happen to all women but this is something htat isn't really talked about. But wearing jeans can become physically unbearable.
The tiktokers who do these like hour long anti-aging routines before bed drive me insane
Not just the fashion industry, the food industry, the movie industry, the music industry. It goes on and on and on. It's so depressing getting older because you know that you'll never again be the cute young thing with no life experience that all of these men want. And that would be fine, but it isn't because it affects your wallet
Props to your editor. The editing was really good on this one 👏
I'm 53 and I don't feel this pressure from society at all. It may have been true in the past but now it's all "Yes girl, slay Kween". A lot of your quotes and visuals are from generations ago.  There is pressure on me in the current time to dress as if I were younger and I do not want to. It is true that I am dealing with changing proportions. I do not care about trends, I care about what is flattering.  I also want to dress more modestly. Your point that women have less value reproductively as they age is just a biological fact. From my perspective as an older woman, it is not oppressive. For me, it comes with a sense of freedom and empowerment. It frees up so much time. Younger women want to emphasize their reproductive assets. I have no interest in dressing that way. I am not interested in dressing for the opposite sex, nor do I want to be involved in the catty competition with other women. My hormones are no longer raging and I am more interested in my community service and building up society.  Your priorities shift with age. I dress professionally, my appearance reflecting the wisdom and competence that I have acquired. You are young, you are lovely and I covet your blouse. But of course, you are not our age yet and you don't understand our perspective.
Speaking for myself, the clothing is poorly made and cheap fabrics. Micro fiber, polyester and nylon plus toxic dyes… I look for 100% cotton, silk or wool. Most of the time I shop vintage/resale shops.
My advice to all women - stop celebrating birthdays and don't tell people how old u are, leave them guessing, take good care of yourself, exercise, relax, retinol, etc, and age is literally a number on a piece of paper!!! Do not let that number dictate or change how you act or dress!!  I'm 34 and wear cute tights and frilly dresses when I'm not at work, and you know what?  I feel like I'm myself, that is how i like to dress.  ❤❤❤
I don’t know what this video is about. But half in I am a bit confused… 🤔
I am very happy that my style has changed. I over did it when I was young and was often cold and uncomfortable. I prefer trousers now even pointed heels are uncomfortable but I am still trying to make it work.
if you really loved what Mina touched on in the first 3 minutes, read 'I dont't' by Clementine Ford! Its all about the patriarchy, and saying no to marriage. It was an awesome read
Thank you for making this. I’m 37 but already feel, as I near 40, that I’m supposed to spend these last few years in my 30s dreading age. It’s ridiculous. We act as if we won’t all age and want that respect when we do as we navigate this difficult to walk lines
They could capitalize on older women fashion! I come from Japan and I always wondered why there aren’t fashion magazines targeted to older women in the United States. In Japan, there’s fashion magazines for almost every demographics so they make sure they make money off of everyone
Late 20s is still baby age
IMO all "older women" should dress like the fun aunt who regularly visits (or even owns) art galleries.
As a 41 year old woman, I can attest to this feeling of pressure from society to “look young”. I have recently noted that I do seem invisible in public. I am in decent shape, dress well, and wear makeup. What is causing this? I DON’T and WON’T dye my hair! I am letting those silvers come in. I recently cut my own hair (curly) to an ear length bob. It felt so invigorating! The silver is coming in on the sides. With my texture, I jokingly say I am turning into the bride of Frankenstein. Well guess what? She’s pretty awesome! I too have scars from surgeries, child birth, and just plain old living. But those scars tell a story. Just like my silver hair. I have always worn red or darker lip stick and I love how the darker lipsticks look so striking with the  salt and pepper hair I now have. I have been an old soul for ages, since a child, and finally feel like I’m growing into my true self, comfortable in my own skin. Even my family thinks I should dye my hair, but it empowers me more to defy society! It’s a shame how men are “silver foxes” as they age, but women are seen so differently. Stay strong ladies, we must set a good example for the next generation! ❤
I yave high self confidence first when I was young and got cat called etc I got a PhD so I always considered myself a smart woman and refused to he demeaned as an airhead just because I had prototypical cheerleader looks. Npw that Im 76 I feel like a sexy very attractive woman ALSO...MY body and face are in great shape. Im not ever going to be cowed into being less than I am. Am I 25 no, and wouldnt want to be...I love this stage of life but yave l8ved every stage of life.
Restricted by what we wear nope. I am 76 I western wear because I am from Texas ...riding boots,,jeans, a Stetson...these I mix with boho from my😊 youth maxi skirts, etc and look vrry Ralph Lauren runway. These are things that feel like second skin to me because they ARE. I also wear blazers...which I wore constantly during my career. People remark on my looks constantly I get compliments from men and women all the time, of all ages I believe they are sincere. People have trouble pegging my age due to what I wear. I wear little make❤up have smooth skin due to Retin A and shoulder length blonde hair...yes I color the grey and no Im never going to cut it. Am I trying too hard? To do what exactly? I wear very natural makeup. I am anything but invisible though.
"mokoe"
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤
When I was 'young; I loved fashion and style and sewed a lot of my things. Then kids etc. Now that the kids are grown I am enjoying clothes again, and designing my things. It's great fun and nothing pleases me more than seeing young people enjoying creating their own looks. It's tougher now with less access to good fabrics, but there is more acceptance of non-fashionable style :)
I gave up short skirts and heels because they restrict my movement. I want to be free to move—and as a mom, I want to be able to swing on the monkey bars, do cartwheels, and slide down the slides. Most “fashion” clothes are most practical for events where you only sit down and stand up. I’ve been slowly going Coastal Grandmother before I knew it was a thing because it’s so comfortable and practical. I don’t want my clothes to get in the way of life—especially if we’re going to play in the rain. I don’t know if it’s cultural appropriation but I have seen fashion writers celebrate colorful kaftans as popularized by women like Diana Vreeland and Diana Ross. I love kaftans! Linda Rodin has great style too—whimsical but she can still walk her dog. I’m about to be 36 and I want people to see me and not analyze my measurements. And as Mina talked about in her video on Botox—“aging gracefully” like Martha Stewart’s SI cover is a rich woman’s game.
Just as an aside: Post menopausal women do not lose their value evolutionarily. It's extremely rare to have a species that survives post-menopause at all, but because humans are social animals that thrive because of our long childhoods spent learning about the world, the value of a community member who is no longer caring for their own offspring is huge.
Wow the idea that even Mina feels weird about wearing certain styles or wonders what is appropriate is wild. Really underlines how pervasive this idea is. I understand not wanting to look like a child, but women who aren't even 30 are worrying about aging !!!?? Insane. The world is terrible to women.
I lovvve being older.  I tell everyone who brings up my age, especially men, that I am 42 and I'm very proud of it.  So much wisdom (if you let it) and self-control come with age and it's an amazing growth.  It makes you want to make it to 600.  Who would I be?!!  How many things would I have accomplished, how much love would I have spread?  Keep them years coming!!
I live a few blocks from a Chinatown and there's an old woman I see sometimes in red animal prints, tiger stripe camo, or plaid, sometimes combining these. It's kind of baggy 90's raver/punk aesthetic, but on a tiny grandmother. She's awesome
The fashion industry hates everyone who isn’t rich, white, 18 years old and a size zero tbh
I'm an older woman and i have been reluctant to ask this question because i was worried it might be perceived as insulting the creators.   I notice a lot of young content creators using the singular form of woman when I almost always use the plural form.   For clarity since it's in text:  Woman = Woh-man Women = "Weh-min"   I understand that you can use the singular form to represent the plural like in "Man's inhumanity to man" but i just don't understand why the younger people choose that so often.   I felt safe asking it on this video because she wint back and forth, also using the plural "Women" so I know it's not a mispronunciation, and i really want to know why.   I guess its hard to answer it, maybe the answer is mostly "Sounds good." Ill post it anyway.   What a great video. I think examining these things early is really helpful in self image later in life. Im definitely having a hard time with aging but embracing it while I was younger definitely is helping now.   But OMG wear sunscreen every single day OMG.
social media has been a HUGE factor in how i viewed myself once i started getting gray/silver hairs five years ago. i’m 26 now and the grays are sparse but noticeable to me every time i look in a mirror. however i don’t want to hide them because i’ve found younger graying women on tiktok and they’re BEAUTIFUL!! and i’m excited to see how my hair changes in the next 10/20/30 years!
it was really nice to hear you talk about Moko, as somebody from Aotearoa New Zealand! just thought i'd note, Moko is pronounced with the same "o" sound as in "more"
I'm in my mid-50's and live in the jungle in the tropics. I'm also a boat captain. Almost every day, I wear a bikini, a light work belt with a machete, and if the sun is strong, a long-sleeved, rashguard surf shirt. I can't be bothered to give two 'effs 'about what anyone thinks about what I wear. My nickname in the village is "La Leona:" (the lioness).  I think I'm doing something right.
Thank you for discussingg this very real and important topic 💖
But the goth bondage fit though Mina!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥😍😍😍
Legit, I cannot wait to be old and I’ll be damned if I’m not pumped to LOOK old too. I’m going to wear a hair wrap and big colourful earrings and big ass skirts and I’m going to give off an unshakeable “I’m kind but do not fuck with me” attitude.  Seriously, when I want to feel powerful, I dress like my great grandma because she was the ballsiest motherfucker I ever knew and it makes me feel like I can channel that power.
My moms had the same couple of clothing magazine subscriptions for YEARS all brands targeted towards middle aged women yet all the models are in there 20s, the clothes lack real size inclusivity and the clothing is tbh bland it’s like when you hit a certain point they expect women to just fit into a box
what lipstick do you use?
I want to point out something because I relate deeply to the comment about being in your late twenties and feeling like you've aged out of some silhouttes. I have plenty of clothes that I've owned for years and continue to wear. Generally I'm very comfortable in my fashion choices but occasionally I'll put something on and think 'oh god, I look like a teenager' like 'I'm an engineer I work on an office I can't wear this, I look like Cassie on Euphoria' and then I short circuit because yes, Cassie is like 17 years old, but Sydney Sweeney is actually my age. And probably she, and many young women look better in this clothes now that their adults than they did when they were teens. So I'm confused I'm I dressing too young? are teens dressing too old? is it just that at 25 you should wear your most youthful fun clothing? At the end of the day I just wear what I want to, but I think that when your about 22 to 32 there are some weird expectations because most of the famous people you see on TV and the like are your age but they dress like they're in high school (bc their characters are) so when you see them you recognize your body, but you don't recognize your age, and thus you feel like you shouldn't look like that.
I just turned 50 and now I'm worried that people think I dress too young, that I should "act my age." The problem is, I just dress the way I always have. I don't see why that should change. But there's that voice in the back of my head telling me to start dressing my age. I don't want to people to think I'm mutton dressed as lamb.
I absolutely love your hair and makeup in this video.
This was such an intresting topic To discuss i loved ittt💝💝💝 !!its also funny that i used that clip of aging (11:33) in one of my assignments for my biology of aging course😭😭😭
I feel like the Clinton Kelly quote was less about "older women don't/can't participate in trends", it was more "older women know themselves and what looks good on them, and are less likely to participate in trends that they know won't work for them, but can and will participate in ones that they're confident in, which makes them less of a cash cow for the fashion industry"
In the last few years, Greece started airing their own version of Next Top Model (GNTM), and oh god, even though it aired from 2018-2022, it was so fucked up. The judges would tell these very young women, as young as 22, that they're too old for the modeling industry because a model works until she hits 25, maybe 30. It was just such a damaging message and I still find it hard to believe we're so behind that we find it okay to air stuff like that. Or the way they humiliated the plus size or short women, yikes.
You've done such a fabulous job on this documentary. As a woman in my early fifties I'm struggling with this. A lot.
whilst selling fashion from all decades they grew up in and their cultures, and their parents cultures  aka ageism, culture vulturism, and erasure from their own cultures, cultural heritage aka socialisation, cultural identity etc  cute
Iris Apfel
George IV was kinda spittin
I don’t know if it’s been noticed but the commercials with Martha Stewart have been edited to alter her aging face despite saying she now feels better and more beautiful as an older woman and is proud of her looks.   Side note: even from a young age I wanted to be much much older. I’m not afraid of aging. The most important thing to me besides my family and wanting to buy a house as a woman in my early 30s, I’m DYING to find a cool, signature look that is uniquely me. I always wanted a signature bag and perfume. I think this comes from me seeing all my fave celebs turn 50 when I was a kid. I was also raised by my grandmother who is just as vivacious today at 76 as she was when I was a kid in her 40s. I think it’s more important to look after yourself while balancing moderate indulgence with rich food. Luxury to me is something that was always reserved for older women. They seemed just so fabulous and smart and cultured and worldly. I want that and I always have.
Is there a reason you’ve featured mostly white women throughout this?
Back when Facebook was still a thing, I commented on a political post and a man in his 20’s responded:  “You’re old (41) but, reasonably attractive, I GUESS you’re entitled to voice your opinion”. That pretty much sums it all up.
And god help you if you're considered overweight- as a teen I was constantly toeing a very fine line between 'dressing for my figure' and 'matronly' because forbid the notion of seeing full, plush arms or a bit of a tum.  Which goes for older women, too. Every "fashionable" or "chic" older woman I see fawned over (looking at you Iris, (I'm sorry Irish I won't do it again)) is thinner. Which is discouraging because after 40, the body's natural changes make it harder to maintain bodies mainstream culture wants it to have.
00:31 🕰 The term "spinster" originally referred to unmarried women and became derogatory, labeling older unmarried women negatively during the 17th century due to societal changes and stereotypes. 01:29 💰 Wealthy single women in the 17th and 18th centuries held property and rights, posing a threat to patriarchy, as their independence challenged traditional norms tied to marriage. 04:52 🚺 Negative cultural biases associate a woman's worth with reproductive value, leading to societal pressures for older women to conform to certain dress codes due to ageism. 06:18 📊 Physical changes in older women's body shapes post-menopause often lead to difficulties finding well-fitting clothes, prompting them to seek fashion advice, though much of it is rife with ageism. 09:14 🤔 Older women face a double standard in societal expectations: pressured to look younger but cautioned against dressing "too young," navigating conflicting fashion advice. 11:40 🎬 Hollywood trends exhibit ageism, retiring female actresses in their forties, while older female roles in films remain consistently younger compared to male counterparts. 13:07 🎥 Older actresses like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford faced challenges obtaining roles due to ageism, impacting the portrayal of older women in films. 16:55 👗 Dress codes for older women in the 20th century revolved around darker, looser styles, reinforced by magazines like Vogue, influencing societal expectations. 19:21 🌟 Youthful trends have replaced older, more sophisticated styles in fashion, with societal pressures emphasizing looking younger and staying "in style," affecting how older women are represented in media. 20:46 📏 Age-based clothing codes include discouraging older women from wearing miniskirts due to associations with youth, reflecting societal norms about age-appropriate dressing. 21:42 🧥 Older women often face fashion restrictions like covering up more skin, avoiding bright colors or patterns, and choosing more subdued clothing. 23:38 🎩 Fashion guidance historically categorized clothing distinctly for older and younger women, even labeling similar items differently based on age, reinforcing age-based style norms. 25:36 🌍 Cultural traditions mark transitions for women from girlhood to womanhood, often impacting self-presentation, but these can vary widely across different cultures and societies. 28:03 💇‍♀ Different cultures associate various clothing or accessories with age and marital status, such as the Bindi in Hindu culture and hair coverings in Judaism. 29:32 🧕 Head coverings like hijab in Islam signify increased piety and awareness of one's faith, impacting self-perception and personal growth. 31:31 👗 Fashion and beauty industries often lack positive representation of older women, leading to ageist attitudes and limited options for older women in these industries. 32:58 📸 While featuring older women in fashion campaigns is a step forward, most are famous and white, more a nod to celebrities than a true push for inclusivity in fashion. 34:53 👵 Styles like "coastal grandmother" and "granny chic" challenge fashion norms and celebrate authenticity, though they might not entirely destigmatize aging. 36:47 👗 Attitudes toward dressing age-appropriately are evolving, with some fashion figures advocating against rigid age-baseddressing standards. 38:17 🔄 Personal fashion choices can evolve over time, influenced by societal expectations and individual preferences, challenging the notion of 'age-appropriate' dressing. 40:38 🤗 Confidence in personal style surpasses fashion rules or societal constructs like age, emphasizing the importance of self-expression and individuality.
I was so gorgeous that I was a NYC fashion model from 19-23 and I finally quit bc I had to get crowns on all of my molars bc of malnutrition. Eating 800 calories a day and training is not sustainable. I am 48 now. Everyone tells me how good I look “for my age” 😂 with an amazed look on their faces. Tbh tho, I love not being preyed upon by icky men. They truly destroyed my life. Now, I live in a one bedroom apartment with my cat and am just fine and like being left alone. Being “gorgeous” is not real power and it not only stunted but also traumatized me. I like being a size 14 and older and being left alone. Tho of course I still get hit on by young men who like “mature women” (thanks Pornhub) and men old enough to be my father. Fuck men. Srsly. And I have always dressed in a classic but also casual/comfy way and incorporate a few trends every few months. Like for instance I just bought a pair of black maryjane flats to wear with leggings boyfriend jeans or maxi skirts..it’s on trend and also classic.
Check out Linda  Rodin
I hope I'm reincarnated as a cat so that I can just be naked and free.
lol i'll never wear a long hemline, it doesn't suit me one bit :)
The reason there is no target audience for older women’s clothing is because most of us have the sense to wear what we like and our give a fuck about what you think of it has completely evaporated, advertising doesn’t work on us because we don’t fall for the bullshit. (60 here.)
I had two very different approaches to aging demonstrated to me but my grandmothers-- as a smol kid I always thought that my dad's mum was 20 years older than my mom's mom, but they were only a year apart. My mom explained to me that Granny Peggy used to be super fashionable and chic until she hit 50 where "it was like she decided she was old": she got rid of all her fashionable clothes, stopped dying her hair etc. My other gran just wore what she thought was cool though always slightly tomboyish - she had the most pristine vintage 80s reeboks that I coveted (but was two sizes too big for). That said she also was never one to follow gender norms - in the 60s she got divorced, took up weightlifting (her boyfriends at the time were super buff) and wore miniskirts to her job. (I miss her so much)
The fashion industry only likes woman who are thin and young.  If you are a woman who is larger than average,and are in the strore,  try finding something that is in your size.
I'm only 19 now but I'm looking forward to continuing living for a long, long time. I don't want to dread getting my first wrinkle, I want to celebrate it.
Fashion industry hates anyone that let themselves go wear their cloth.  them not wanting to ruin their brand image has nothing to do with all the made up narrrative in this video.
At 59, I’d like a choice of clothes and shoes that look relatively fashionable but are comfortable. Older women know life’s too short to be uncomfortable in what you’re wearing. We’re can no longer be bothered with the ridiculousness of suffering to look good. 😂
I disagree because noone wears their age on their forhead. I think it is more  about how you carry yourself, your demeanor, posture, tone, fragrance. People now have wigs and can wear fake eyebrows, contouring, whiten their teeth, waist cinchers. It is now a choice to show up slouchy or "old" looking. When I go to the mall with my mom and my mom often get hit on by guys my age while they treat me like I'm invisible though I am suppositly the younger one and wayyyy younger than her. So no, I whole heartedly disagree. And most men don't want to have kids anyways, so the biological clock thing doesn't matter as much to the men if you can micmic the aesthetic reproductive cues like glowing skin and plumped skin. And for the women that want to be mother past 35, there is egg-freezing. so I will say it is about effort and good planning not age
One thing I noticed is that the fashionable old ladies towards the end of the video are wearing multiple layers of clothes (to conceal the skin, maybe?) which is very impractical in warm weather places...
Thank you for this channel! You are like a friend talking about history. Love it❤
Here's a thing. I dyed my hair constantly (various colors) since I was 15. I stopped at some point in my 30s due to not feeling like putting in the effort. Now that I'm 48, I don't dye my hair because I dislike the idea of giving the impression that I'm trying to hide something. The hair color thing is part of my general personal preference for not trying to pass off fake things as real. I'm fine with wearing fake things. I have a fake pearl necklace that looks like it and I love it. I would rather wear something fuzzy and obviously synthetic than wear fake fur that tries to look like actual fur, if that makes sense. I feel that can be the difference between making a personal style statement and trying to appear to be something you're not.  Similarly, it's worth keeping in mind that wearing "granny" clothes when you're young is a statement. Wearing the same clothes when you're an actual granny may be intended as a statement, but is less likely to communicate your intent clearly, and I prefer my choices to be clearly my choices.  It's also worthwhile considering that cyclical fashion trends mean that some stuff that looks fresh and new to young people may look drab and boring to those who went through that particular cycles the previous time(s) is came around. We can get bored with stuff we saw everyone wear already, and not necessarily feel like repeating it. The same goes for other aspects of design. The Mid Century Modern furniture trend looks to many older people like the stuff all the old boring relatives (from a child's perspective) had in their homes when they were kids, and they don't necessarily want to recreate that in their homes. For me it would be like going back to my student apartment with my parents hand-me-down furniture set. I am just not interested.   Bottom line, the things academia or the fashion industry or the younger side of the internet think of as the problems facing older women are not necessarily what actually bother us. Now, universally non-creasing concealer, on the other hand...
I don't think that "do what you want but expect some reactions' is a contradictory statement. I think it's trivial.   I'm perimenopausal, and though my body is changing in weird and unexpected ways, which is definitely a learning curve, I think it's silly to follow rules that tell you what you should or shouldn't wear (though getting tips from women who've been through it can be useful). I think it's equally silly to choose to wear attention-grabbing or unconventional clothes and then be all shocked Pikachu face when you get attention.  I wore a lot of unique clothes and dyed my hair a variety of unnatural colors when I was younger because I loved the way they made me feel. I got more looks from strangers for looking the way I wanted to than I probably would've gotten had I worn a pair of jeans and a T shirt. It is what it is. People look at things that are less common or more eye catching, and they may or may not approve. So, if that's what you love, this shouldn't stop you, but it should be expected. Trivial, non contradictory, not bad advice, really.
As a woman who has just started to be considered “senior”, I really appreciate your commentary!
I've said for the longest time that as an old broad I'm still wearing every color Nike there is IDC!
Worry not lady all you need to do is marry rich and sign up for the new age reversing method discovered in January. Scientist finally did it. Reversed the aging of a rat. Now just need to do the human testing and wait for it to become a commodity, otherwise we probably wont be able to afford it. Gosh I love genetic engineering.
Just wanted to say thanks for grappling with this topic! I’m a viewer in my mid fifties and I appreciate your channel.
“You gotta look a lil sad sorry :(“. With the sparkle sounds right after 😭
This is why Moira Rose is my fashion role model!! ❤
The comments are expected, all arguing against biology, pure cope.
Thank you for introducing those of us not previously familiar to Catherine Delattre! 😍
The thing about getting older is that new trends don't look "new" to us. Pant legs were wide in the 70's, skinny in the 80's, wide in the 90's, skinny in the 00's and now they are wide again. I wore crop tops when I was 13. I don't need to wear them now that I'm 52. The novelty is long gone. Also time speeds by the older you get, so trends seem to come and in the blink of an eye. One of the super powers of becoming old in you REALLY DON'T CARE what other people think any more. Our bodies hurt if we don't wear comfortable shoes and clothes. Also all the older models in this video are tall and skinny. I and all of my friends get plumper and shorter the older we get, even if we exercise and try to eat healthy. I lucky I can make my own clothes, and my style doesn't change much from decade to decade, and I'm fine with that.
I love how you're teaching this concept using Polynesian culture! I'm Polynesian btw. 🙂
Re: children and crop tops, back in the 70s little girls ran around in halter tops all the time (I was one of them,). They were perfect for hot days. It never even occurred to me I was "exposing skin" -- all the other girls were wearing them too!
This was very insightful from your 20-something self, I am grateful that women are having more of these conversations. Thank you ❤ And I love your look.
I generally follow fashion to some degree even though I am 39.5. I get the fashion. It's a resurgence of y2k, which is when I was a teenager and when I started experimenting with fashion. I don't wear jncos or some such, but I do have a pair of white platform docs, and I still have a good enough figure to dress a bit more girly, albeit just tight bells and bootcuts and my shirts are often rather tight and short. I notice my face is obviously starting to age, like a year ago people would say that they thought I was younger when I'd say my age, but not anymore. I all of a sudden look older with a bit of turkey neck that I notice but others don't seem to or pretend not to, when I make a joke about it. I have a more pronounced double chin when I look down, there's some fat on my stomach that hasn't affected my weight and feels like it's shifting down, and I can see my face start to sag. It frustrates me as I only found out I was a trans woman at 37, so I haven't been able to have a youth as a woman. It probably won't stop me, but still.   It's been wild how agism has started in ways that are profoundly hurtful. While no one tells me "to dress my age" or something, it's more that there's a feeling that I have less worth as a person. Everyone treats me with more indifference, impatience and even more disdain. I'm sure some of it is transphobia, misogyny, ableism and transmisogyny, but there's a lot of agism in the queer and trans communities so it's been pretty difficult. Especially single.   Since I always tend to dress well, I suppose I'll try document how my fashion will change as I get older. I often tend to see alphas dressed in kinda 00's emo vibes. Perhaps get ready for scene and millennial hipster 2, in which I start to lean into the 80's looks (though there was that whole nerdy about whisky/penny farthing riding/suspender/bow tie artisan type hipster that I think is kinda odd, like when were penny farthings a thing?). Following fashion of now seems to repeat earlier repeats of earlier fashion. Like the Y2K thing is also a 70's thing, 90's thing was also a 60-70's thing, 80's had a fascination with the 50's, etc. It's rather meta which also creates new styles in itself like granny chic. It can't always be as revolutionary as a slinky black dress. Sometimes it happens in a flash and sometimes it's a slow (re)cycle. The prehistory humans were just following the herds in a slow loop that shifted a little bit in one direction or another every revolution and 10,000 years later there's indigenous Americans or doggerlanders. Anyway, sorry for the novel, struck a nerve of my current life. Age does come on kind of suddenly. It doesn't happen until it does (seemingly at around 40).
What fools actually listen to the world or even worse men and take it upon themself.
OMG Down With Love clip in the intro 😍😍
Aging... Have you considered that we older women simply have more important things to think about than the newest trends? The one gentleman's thoughts were correct - we don't do fast fashion, opting for good quality, and because we'll pay a higher price for that, unless you're ultra-rich, we want it to be a more classic and enduring style. We'll sometimes incorporate a trend that we like, but more often as an accessory, participating, but when it goes out of Vogue next season, we haven't invested heavily in it. As for covering up, yes, (gladly) that's a thing too. Take the mini-skirt as an example. It's whole intent is to showcase gorgeous legs. If you don't have those (no matter what your age might be), it's best not to wear it. Fashion (and make-up), and perhaps this is just an older woman's perspective, isn't just about what it on a seasonally changing runway - those ARE only concepts after all. It is about finding and accentuating what looks best on you, as an individual, your body, your comfort, what makes you feel good in your skin. Go with that and you can't go wrong.
I genuinely cannot wait to get grey hair and wrinkles
No cuz a few weeks back, I was bingeing Next in Fashion. Why was every critique that something looked matronly? Or that it was something a mom would wear. Why do we hate older women like it genuinely made me upset over something so simple
Another thing I see, is that when “they” allow age to be fashionable, “they” disallow inclusive sizing. Nearly all of the ladies touted as being stylish are SUPER thin. “Wear what you want” works on them but is harder for larger bodies. (True for younger women too, but critics are doubly cruel if you are both old and bigger.
also (leaving 2 comments lmao) for me i find that even tho im not in my 20s anymore i only just a few years ago gained the confidence to wear certain things that i never felt like i could pull off before so like, i dunno. i feel like im just gonna keep dressing more and more crazy as i get older cos hopefully this upward trend of comfortableness with myself continues <3
Brilliant, insightful, and entertaining! Finally! The word infotainment is a compliment! Subscribed 10 minutes into the video!
I’m a Gen X who loves to belly dance so I’m ok with putting on a sparkly two piece Egyptian made costume and shaking it for an audience. There’s many older women who do the same in my group as well.  Glad I found this space! Plus belly dance is really good for the body and soul, so that actually keeps many women younger. Also I really loved Golden Girls and Designing Women fashion.  Dixie Carter was in her 40s in that show and she was STUNNING and sexy. And I just love her outfits. Even the actress playing Bernice, the “crazy old lady”, got to wear great clothes.  And then there’s the fashion in Dynasty!  I’d love to see you do an episode on 80s fashion for mature women.  This was very interesting.
Mutton Dressed as Lamb= MILF  Legendary 💯
I cant wait to be an old nonbinary person and dress however i want and confuse and enrage the public 🎉
my mom resists a lot of societal standards for how she dresses etc just sort of naturally. and it's awesome. but some of this shit is still SO ingrained in her. one time she commented on how long her sister's hair had gotten as if it was a bad thing and when i asked her what she meant she said her sister was "too old" to have hair that long???? what??? her sister's hair was about shoulder-length at this point, so not even long if that matters at all lmao. and then me and my mom sort of quietly reflected on how messed up what she just said was lol
I’m glad it hates me. I can keep my money and it can sod right off.
"Spinster" was just the equivalent of "bachelor" - denoting someone who had never been married. "Spinster" was on marriage documents well into the 1900s (I'm not sure what they use in modern times) to record whether a woman had been previously married and was now a widow (or a divorcee in more recent times). It had absolutely nothing to do with age. You were a spinster till you married, just as men were bachelors until they married. Its negative connotations began when it was used derogatively to describe older women who'd never been married, because to society, an unmarried woman was useless, and how dare a woman be 55 and unmarried (whether she would have liked to be or not). Fashion's despising of older women is really just an aspect of society's general hatred for women. Women are tolerable to men when they're young, hot playthings or producing babies for a man. Otherwise society would prefer they drop dead before the first wrinkle or health problem begins.
Youtube won't let me watch this video because I refuse to disable adblocker. Very cool.
I loved this video essay! I'm 62, definitely older, but I love the wisdom and confidence that's come with my maturity. I do workout, eat healthfully and take great care of my skin. I used to do these things just to look good, but at 62, it becomes imperative to stay fit  and strong in order to stay mobile and do the activities of daily living. It's imperative to eat well to avoid lifestyle diseases like diabetes and heart disease. And yes, it's true, I have no interest in appearing older than I am at any given time or getting skin cancer, so I take great care of my skin and use sunscreen. I don't see a problem with dressing according to what is most flattering to one's figure either. Some women prefer not to display their belly rolls in crop tops and that is their perogative. I wear what looks good on me and follow trends to a certain extent. I try to mix things up color wise, makeup wise, hair color wise and fashion wise, because I thinks its just plain boring to look the same way all of the time. That is what connotes old to me. Never trying anything new and different, but just looking the same way all of the time. Anyway, this was an extremely well put together video and I love the blouse you're wearing.😊
How does vintage fit into this. Ppl like me literally dressing like their gma. I guess it's the irony that the young can dress old and it's cool but it doesn't necessarily work the other way round
Just about fell over when I heard you say NZ! Yes more women in the public eye are getting their beautiful mokos done and sadly there is a lot of racism. Side note. Hillary Barry on TV 1 is in her 50s(?) And when ppl send rude complaints about her clothing she reads it out and doubles down - it's great! Also I remember one the meteorologist on the news was pregnant and older viewers were losing their * sending in complaints.
I've noticed that British and European productions tend to portray older female characters more realistically. Doctor Who and The Lazarus Project for example.
I just want to look healthy no matter the age.
A spinster was originally literally a woman who spun. Like most terms that were exclusively female it later became a derogatory term, mainly because spinning was one of the few things an unmarried woman could do that wasn't labeled "unacceptable". God society sucks.
I love you so much <3 this video was everything (especially the ending!)
You nailed it at 31:00. And also.. Granny coastal chic? Seriously? This is a thing? Ok, I'm curious.  I''m a GenXer who was into the trad goth scene in the late 80's and mixed it with a dash of grunge in the early 90's. Also have some Athleta pieces that have withstood time, travel, weight gain/loss/menopausal changes, and European washing machines that have trashed many of my other less robust clothing items.   As far as classic looks: I'm still always looking for tunics and cropped black leggings and platform flip flops OR those sheer long dresses of the 90's.. (summer) OR High quality black turtlenecks/T's and black peacoats over high quality jeans (not those shitty skinny jeans) over a good pair of chunky or shit-kicking Boondock saints or steampunk boots. It's hard.   These classics that can work for any age or body should not be so damn hard to find. Shape, quality, and proportion is important.   Everything, even here in SE Europe seems to be for teens, (low quality, ill-fitting, or so small it can barely fit a child) middle-aged women who like a fussy and high-maintenance look, or truly dowdy shapeless looks (Here in my area of Bosian it's long skirts and Babuskas but the North American equivalent is shapeless T''s, pants, and old lady haircuts)   So many ugly, fussy, low-quality clothes in the US last time I was there. Very depressing for any age, but even more so lately.  I also think that the era we came of age in is important.
Based on this video and other things Ive seen/read on fashion over the last 20 years or so, I can easily say that the worst things to happen to the fashion industry are: the youthquake in the 60s, polyester in the 70s and heroin chic in the 90s. Imagine fashion without these 3 things.
I would love to see a segment on "Advanced Style", which has been practiced mostly by "women of a certain age" for several decades, and popularized by a book & subsequent documentary by Ari Seth Cohen.  In the book, the author extols the love of life, color and personal style by women in their 60's to 100 years of age.  Iris Apfel, who's over 100, is a style icon, still works as a home designer and has given talks on her personal view of fashion - especially accessories, which she loves.
Can you do this video again but with a focus on black women? I kinda wanna see how the black don’t crack feature of being black affects this
hang on -- published comics for mass consumption in the 18th freakin century were allowed to show tits hanging out (15:02) but instagram in the 21st century censors the slightest sign of a nipple?
Thing is, old women are actually invisible. And”granny chic” is not what’s marketed to older women. Rather, we’re offered capris, tunics in crap polyester and gaudy prints, 3/4 sleeves. Heaven forbid you wear jeans or shorts, or even worse sleeveless tops, no matter you’re living in a tropical climate. So some of us just embrace eccentricity. Bib pants are at least as comfortable as capris, and pink covers gray as well as the “natural “ shades we’re so often steered towards. I am now that weird old lady with pink hair, and my sister will probably be buried in her jeans. As far as our styles, those who matter don’t care and those who care don’t matter.
As a 59 year old who lost her zest for fashion during the pandemic and has been wondering how to get it back loved every bit of this.    I want to note that younger millennials and gen Z's demand for size inclusive fashion is a huge boon to older women and we owe them a lot.  I can find affordable up to date basics that fit my now  larger tummy and that would have been very difficult 15-20 years ago.  I l'm not going to wear crop tops or ultra low waisted jeans  but thanks to extended size availability I can find things that fit and are up to date  at least. But the biggest thing they have given us is the idea that it is okay to be bigger.
As a black woman the past few weeks have me looking into Hitler’s teachings and speeches. He didn’t do what he did for fun. He did it because his country was being oppressed. Not saying his method was right but I’ve been reading Mein Kampf and my eyes are starting to open a little bit more.
The beauty of being older is that you stop caring what other people think about your style . We earned the age we are and wear whatever the heck we want with gusto!! Imagine having the blessing to get old and insulting yourself by putting other people’s opinions first . Crazy !!!
I am 55, I have always enjoyed fashion and I still do. Of course I don't have the body I had at 25, but I do have a whole lot more confidence, satisfaction and, dare I say it, style. Not to mention money. I dress for myself, but while I may no longer be a sex object, I probably get at least one younger woman each day asking where I got a part of my get-up and complimenting me. And I am not invisible. Happily married for over 20 years and still get the necessary attention. 1) There is a difference between 1923 and 2023, 2) a difference between 55 and 75 and 3) I do think that brands are beginning to realise who can afford their products.
I love how much work and dedication you put into these videos!! Just amazing….
It would help people of all ages if fashion wasn't mainly designed for slim bodies. If designers had more ideas about what to do with bodies with bellies and which textile types work best with bellies, people wouldn't have to resort to frumpy clothes.
I’ve always been bohemian and love color.  I’m 62 and still love color.  I wear what I want.  If you don’t like it, bite me.
None of this is new to this 73-year-old. I found the endless reminder in this frantic rave that older women are past it and their value is all about how they dress. Terribly superficial.
i overheard a conversation between some women who had to be in their 60's that really bugged me. they were talking crap about one of their husbands aunts, saying stuff like "she's in her 80's and she dresses like she's in her 30's. ugh. she wears these off the shoulder frilly dresses and cowboy boots. she looks ridiculous." 1) stop being a hater. 2) that outfit sounds cute as hell. 3) why do you care?
I once read a piece about how attitudes toward women's age and bodies with regards to fashion really significantly changed after the 60s and the cocaine chic, Twiggy look became popular. Before that, there was value in looking "mature" - it wasn't matronly, and it certainly wasn't frumpy. Mature styles were structured and elegant. But after the 60s, there was a huge emphasis on youth, and marketing turned towards teenage fashion. This left older women in the dust as eventually fashion designers lost the knowledge and resources on dressing "older" women in a fashionable way. I'm only 28 and I've had trouble finding clothes that make me feel grown up but still stylish. Women's section clothing is shapeless and frumpy. "Young women's" section clothing are often aimed at the clubbing crowd. I have a 1 year old now, so I don't really go clubbing, and I kind of want to look like a mom, but also still look fashionable. It's also frustrating that the 90s low rise jeans are coming back in fashion because my body has changed from pregnancy. My tummy isn't flat like it used to be and I'm okay with that, but I'd rather keep my high rise jeans. Nobody thinks about that anymore because less women are having kids. All of the focus is on youthful sterility.
What you thematise at the beginning of your video as "that's how it was" is based more on fictionional storytelling than fact. Moreover, you emphasise the exception to the rule rather than the rule that women have always considered themselves equal to men, never their property and not the victims they were portrayed as. They used their means at their disposal.  To tell a contemporary industrial labourer that she was her husband's property would have earned you the response that you were out of your depth. Because in fact she lived in just as poor conditions as her husband and children. To have said this to a farmer's wife from the pre-industrialisation era would have given you the answer that she ran a farm together with her husband - she knew he couldn't do without her in the same way she couldn't do without him.   To have said this to a woman from a wealthy family whose husband was living off the earnings of the former farmers and the later industrial workers, she would have - and indeed she had - let the flea be put in her ear of completely forgetting that she enjoyed every conceivable protection and chivalry, never had to go to war, never had to cook, raise her kids without staff, you name it.   You use this image of the oppressed woman as virtue signalling. You invite all the comments who "poor me" themselves and worse, give young women the image that they are under priviledged or otherwise being taken advantage of - like from the fashion industry. The industry does not "hate", it sells what sells best.   I am a woman of 54. If I want to have compliments, I need to dress up and to make up for it. Otherwise, I will be overlooked. Now, that is how life goes. It need not bother me in one way or the other. If I am fine with my age and weight, nothing can insult me, especially no insults being made by other females. Which, indeed, is much more often the case than being insulted by men.   Men have loved women throughout all ages, they have written great literature and poetry about them, they have adored them as women as well appreciated them as mothers. Movies take the stylistic device of drama (because, after all, that is how stories sell) - better not to take them as a common reality (but a particular one, also vastly differing timewise, localwise and culture wise).   To deduce a general - and not a particular - structure of disadvantages for women from these unscientific observations is as dishonest as it is factually incorrect. It would be correct to say that women were at a disadvantage in certain social and legal matters, just as men were at a disadvantage to them in terms of their social responsibilities, whether it was ostracism due to offences in business and political life or the arguably more serious disadvantage of going to war as soldiers. As well as very hard and physically demanding labour that no average woman would ever be able to do.
Just saw photos of a certain billionaire’s engagement party in Vogue and was amused by the desperation of the 50 something couple (and many of their guests) to look young and hot. They just looked ridiculous. They would have looked ridiculous even if they were in their 20s. Bad taste and vulgarity is an awful styling choice at any age. Nothing wrong with people enhancing their looks with cosmetic procedures or surgery but too many of them end up looking “off” with varying degrees of uncanny valley. Never makes them look younger, just weirder, regardless of how many people in the public eye are now looking altered. The  “Kardashian fake look” remains disturbing to the human eye. Their fashion stylists and doctors and estheticians and make up artists and fitness trainers and publicists all have a financial interest in telling their clients what they want to hear. All the wealth in the world can’t help people who are deluded about how pathetic they really look.
the three-handed young woman made my day 21:28
I have liked and worn loosely fitting, hip+ length cardigans since birth. Nobody comes between me & my cardigan.
And this is why they always say kids don't know what they're talking about. And this is what they should learn first before they say stuff. Because yeah, women want to run around and do whatever they want to. And if their child feels comfortable in a crop top and pants, you know why shouldn't their child be able to wear that? And that's the first half of it and it's true. Why shouldn't your kid be able to wear that? But when you know there are other people that are going to be looking at. Your kid like she's an adult AK. A in a sexual way because of how she's dressed, and because you don't want her to be looked at in that way. You as her parent the one who's caring about her.  Uh, you don't want her to be looked at like that. You're not gonna let her wear that Ellis. Order no one else can't see her. So it's not even giving in as much as you just being a parent and worrying about your child's safety. And unfortunately to make sure that they're safe. You have to give in to some stuff. You don't have to but just know that that risk is always gonna be even more in the air. Of course, you know many would say that. If it's in the air, it's in the air anyway, but it just becomes more visible.  When stuff like this happens like revealing clothing or on kids.
I feel like when I'm young society wants to undress me but when I get over 30 they want to put a tent over me.
Another excellent essay by Mina! And this Edwardian-esque style and the hair she’s wearing are also gorgeous 😀and… oh my gosh, which styles  can you be possibly “grown out of” at 27?.. You can wear anything you want (and so it goes for any age if you’re really living it and being comfortable which sometimes isn’t easy as one must admit) :)
Bad taste is bad taste.  Dressing your age is more about expecting older women to have better taste, hence we don’t expect a mature woman to have their underwear showing, clashing colours, shoes you can’t walk in, etc.
The perfect outfit is what ever is comfortable depending on what the weather is when heading out kayaking.   Shorts, with elastic, pockets,  light top and bare feet in the summer. Pants with elastic, pockets, layers of tops in the winter.  Rubber boots, especially at the end of season when the lakes start to freeze.  One summer and one winter funeral outfit.  Something to wear when you go to town shopping. A few dresses for those very rare occasions when you are forced to dress up and put on make-up.  Thankfully few and far apart.  Life is perfect now.
So ironic, when it’s older women, particular unmarried or those with no children, who can afford their dream wardrobes 🥴
Mina you are so knowlegeable about your subjects. Your research snd analysis is on spot!
Meanwhile, my mom and I have been shopping at the same stores ever since I finished growing. When we are doing closet cleanouts, we give each other first picks before donating. I have some of my grans clothes cause she couldn't take everything with her to the care home, and they are amazing. My issues with clothing are more that I have thick thighs, like my mom, and that makes pants a pain...
I’m at the end of my 40’s. Fashion is fun, but not compulsory. Some people will always be dowdy (regardless of their age).  Some will religiously follow trends (whether they admit to it or not).  The rest of us seek the joy in fashion and are old enough to know what works….
Could you do me a favor? I just saw a Hallmark movie called Love is Greek to me starring Marina Sirtis. In the movie, Sirtis, 68yo, wears a wide spectrum of clothes and pulls off both conservative and "wild" fashion choices while both covering up and showing skin. I think your review of fashion for older women has validity and recognizes an industry that systematically discriminates against older women. However, your thesis relies too much on traditional and esteem fashion magazines and gurus that most women my age have given the stinky finger to decades ago! I haven't bought any of these books or magazines since my teens! I soon came to realize as a child of color, these magazines had NOTHING to offer me in terms of suitabe makeup and fashion choices. These facts you recognize and I thank you for. Indeed magazines like Ebony and Essence have done a better job of dressing the older women of color because POC have long not been able to wear Vogue fashion because our body shapes were not European. Speaking of Essence and Ebony, you really do need to do more homework because these magazines were existing besides Vogue and encouraging POC to dress well when the fashion industry was ignoring us. These publications adjusted fashion to POC bodies and sold mail order cosmetics people in the remotest areas could buy. They gave true alternatives. The people you choose to hold up as fashion forward, starve themselves to be able to get into today's fashions (Naomi) or have a quirky fashion sense themselves (Anne). Therefore, how are these women doing justice to the silent gen, boomers and Gen Xers with their look at me I'm great mentality? Most people don't look like Victoria Secret models! Indeed, that Victoria Secret sold us a bill of goods back in the 80s and 90s, then refused to actually sell Size 20 when their costumer base aged and had kids is an example of failing to read the room and not valuing your costumer base. Victoria Secret didn't go out of business because they were woke. The went out of business because they held onto the ideal body type of Naomi and Giselle when 95% of their clients didn't look like these models and actually aged. Because they failed to realize women had changed their buying patterns not to please men's sexist sexual yearnings, but to please themselves and be comfortable in their skins, they lost business! VS failed to realiz kids 30yrs ago had more currency to spend then as compared to now. Plus, their Boomer and Gen Xers mums who are more liberated than thwir mothers and gandmothers are going to steer their daughters toward practical choices not some dang fantasy! This is just one of many examples of the fashion industry refusing to cator to older women because they think it's not cool. Well, there went your business while we Boomers and Gen Xers laugh with Schadenfreude! Returning to fashion for the older woman, please go back to the Hallmark movie and look at the fashion of Marina and make a commentary on it. Why Hallmark? The company is in the business of selling dreams be it romance, travel, obtainable fashion or that perfect Christmas ornament or cards. Most women have seen a Hallmark film and can relate to the fashion sense be it Midwest, Wallstreet or West Coast chic. Hallmark has a way of dressing both its old and young stars to look their best in approachable fashion that doesn't offend while not giving a hoot what Anne or Vogue has to say!
Recently, in France, young women were not allowed to wear Abayas anymore in schools because it « suggested a religious significance » Like there even were teachers checking everyone’s clothing this is WILD like idk if they want to cover themselves with beautiful drapes and silk and everything let them be 😭 Anyway love you Mina 💗💗
holy hell 👋😫🤚 charlie chaplin groomer jumpscare
You should try and look into Aira Samulin if you can! (though im not sure if theres much to find about her in english, but you can find her pictures!) She was a finnish fashion icon and a dancer, she died at 96 years old, but her fashion style was still amazing! She had bright red hair and dresses very youthfully, looked absolutely amazing and was well loved for it! <3
I, on the other hand, am begging to see someone's hot mom in a mini skirt
Thank God for older women! Your wisdom, confidence, and ethereal beauty with your gray hair is refreshing! I learn so much from you. This world would be SO BORING without you.
In one of my college classes, we studied a shampoo commercial from the 80s that bombed because it was marketed to older women. No one bought the shampoo because no one wanted to be seen buying the "old lady" shampoo. So, we can't completely blame marketing departments here. Baby boomers made getting older even more stigmatized than it already was. "Don't trust anyone over 30," was their catchphrase back in the 60s. It's a shame that it is considered taboo to market to the unique needs of older adults. Maybe we need to bring back Mrs. Exeter to make older women feel classy, sophisticated, and confident.
My grandma’s sister is a fashionista. She wears crop tops and dresses even better than most 20 year olds. It makes me happy that she doesn’t care and wears what she wants
Age is a social construct??? Idiocy from a Twenty something!  You, Mina Le, will get up one day, stumble into the bathroom, look in the mirror and scream. What the hell happened to me? will be on your mind from around 50 onward. Why you thought you could comment on aging when your a young ‘n dumb still escapes me.
It’s not Botox, it’s hormone replacement that makes some women look so good at 80. And a lifetime of cosmetic dermatology. Meaning - money.
Old lady, post menopausal skin is awful. I don’t want to flaunt my leg veins or wrinkly boobs. Anybody who needs to be told that is bonkers.
Look at the huge boomer generation. All the trends since 1945 are driven by them.
Spinsters were medieval women who produced thread. With a drop spindle. They made money and didn’t need to marry, they stayed single and worked. They were essential - no thread no cloth no clothes. The negativity came later. If they married they’d have babies and it’s one it the other.
Serving looks ma’am 🥲
That closing statements was great!!!!
My mom used to work in clothing design, and as I grew up I watched her stress and struggle to find and stay in work in that field despite her talent, experience, personality, and her own preppy personal style  > : (  I was glad to see this video title (to see someone talk about this kind of thing)  EDIT: I got a bit excited and commented before watching, but I think there's still definitely a connection-- it makes sense that an industry that 'hates' its older women customers would also 'hate' its older women employees
Honestly I am 42 and I DO NOT CARE that the fashion industry doesn't validate my age. That's the cool thing about being older, you star not giving a F about lots of thing.  I understand though that it makes younger people insecure about aging, maybe that's where the biggest toxicity lies
Confidence really does make a huge difference. I've had friends say things like, "oh I wish I could wear that" or "man I wish I could wear cute hats" and I'm always like, what's stopping you? The answer: themselves. I do realize some people care a lot more about outside opinions than I do, but I'm of the opinion that you can "pull off" whatever style you want. It just takes confidence to wear it. And there are definitely things I'm NOT confident in at all, and it feels wrong to wear it. But I know that's just me telling myself that, and not because I legitimately can't "pull it off" 🤷‍♀️
I agreed with that quote from Clinton Kelly. I am in my early 30s, I participate in trends but I am much more comfortable than I used to be to explore my personal sense of style and am less influenced by what mass culture is telling me is for me. I work with teens and see a lot of trends that I have absolutely no desire to explore, not generally because I feel that I am too old but I may think that the trend is tacky, use cheap materials or just not something that would feel right on me.
obsessed with her blouse
It's important to acknowledge that neon colors in early 2010's were something only young people could rock, and then one day, that standard was flipped by Her Majesty The Queen Elizabeth From England.
I was waiting for the Samantha Jones clip to be included! So satisfying!
Lol I got an ad for anti aging cream while watching this
i like Mina Le videos
please learn how to pronounce the word, "women" properly.
Idk what cult rituals such as wearing a wig or a burqa have to do with aging but no one is looking forward to resembling COUSIN IT. To say any woman wants to wear someone elses nasty hair on their head is just bizarre. Men are the ones who impose these rules and men should lead by example and wear burqas and wigs of their own then. All religion is mental illness, and people who wear ridiculous things for their religion are no different from the gullible (and highly susceptible to brainwashing) people who join cults, wear masks, and other mass formation hysteria.
As a plus-size 49 years old person (assigned female at birth) I absolutely don't care about the fashion industry. I care about style. Coco Chanel once said : fashion is quickly out of fashion ; style is eternal. I love eco-friendly (aka second hand) durable pieces that are colorful and fun but are also classics. Think a well-tailored and very classical black top with a fun 60's style short skirt. My main influence is french actresses of the 1960', like Anna Karina and Jane Birkin. What is super cool about being 49 is the confidence you gained over the years. You know by experience fashion industry is sh***. You know you can do without this industry and still have a good job and love! Be yourself. Find your style. Don't let those bastards rob your money and ruin the planet ;-)
As a now 65 year old woman looking at that chart of increasingly stooped over 65 year olds..well that’s not me, nor any of my contemporaries. Exercise and overall better health means we don’t appear all round and stooped over! All moot anyway as women become invisible in society around age 40 and no one notices you exist much less what you’re wearing or saying. So, the moral of the story is wear whatever you want that you like and feel good in.
Maturity is when you wear whatever makes you happy.   It makes you feel fabulous I’d say wear it.
36 years old here and feeling this deeply.  A few years ago, I worked my ass off - literally - and lost a ton of weight, and in the process, I realized I could finally fit into those cute Japanese lolita dresses that I had always admired in my teens but could never afford.  If you think my mature, stable, full-time employed butt didn't go right out and buy the cutest dress I could find, you are dead wrong.  And you know what?  I looked amazing.  More importantly, I FELT amazing.  I went from being the woman with seven copies of the same loose men's shirt to exploding into femininity.  It blossomed into me trying out so many styles I had never believed I could pull off, and I have never felt more beautiful, more fashionable than now, being in my thirties.  Sometimes I question if the pink hair bows are "appropriate" for me anymore, but then I go back through the last few years of photographs and see my smiling face - happy, lively, radiant - and I shut those silly thoughts down.  Life's too short; it's not worth the misery.  I usually get compliments, but to those sets of judgemental eyes, I say this: at least I'm brave enough to try.  I'm not hiding in the background anymore.
Honestly I love when older women dress "young", I think it looks so hot and cool. Everytime I see a person like that I think, "Wow, I want to be like them."
Wonderful video by the way. I'm old and new here lol. New sub!
People will never be comfortable with aging until they become comfortable with the idea of death. That's where the "off-putting" feeling really comes from. It's much deeper than fashion or aesthetics. Those are just the outward harbingers of the deeper psychological fear of dying.
the hosts of 'what not to wear' saying THAT is kinda healing for a millenial who grew up watching them & who's worried about getting older.
The media will tell you aging is a crime to sell you more stuff. When really aging is a privilege, not given to most.❤
This is very on topic. I just turned 35 and my girlfriends are all around the same age.  "wtf are we supposed to be  wearing?" Is a frequently conversation topic for us. I've been firmly in the "where whatever you are comfortable  in" for years now...however we are now at the age where what is in stores is the same stuff we wore from 7th to 12th grade many moons ago and we are all having trouble finding "what we are comfortable in" outside of thrifting.   I remember being roughly 22 and I had a friend that would chastise me for wearing graphic tees instead of basics because it was "juvenile" which I always thought was a pointless view. But NOW...as I graying naturally and battling with chronic illness which leaves me semidependent on mobility aids... I am feeling a bit ridiculous in my figure hugging jeans and crop tops.
Im living for this topic. Thank you for making this video, Mina. I also have to say that your outfit and hairstyle are stunning!
My 40th birthday was a couple of days ago. I will continue to dress in an "eccentric", unfashionable way until I become so feeble of mind because of old age that I cannot choose my own clothes anymore. You look dashing today, Mina.
Now I am in my 50s I don't _want_ to wear revealing clothes. I want to feel covered, comfortable and chic. Why should I ever feel vulnerable? Revealing clothes do that to you and by 50 a woman has had quite enough of her vulnerability being taken advantage of. At 50 you are far less interested in what random males want, when you have long since realised that the opinions of random males range only from irrelevant to toxic. The reason why older women's bodies are viewed with contempt is because it reminds people of a number of things that patriarchy is threatened by: mortality and women's free will and independence.
Ever since I’ve had money to buy my own clothes I’ve always purchased outside of trends at thrift stores but tried to stay “with the times”. I just like cool funky pieces and I think I’ll always stay true to that as I age and I think I’ll be a really cool old lady 😎
The media and society has from the get go hate older women unless they sprout something usally on the right that conservatives want to censor or stop on. The fashion industry the models start out very young. Under the age of 21.
not me getting an anti-aging cream add in the middle of this video...oof! i thought this was very interesting and i love the look you put together for this one!
Thankfully I have always been ugly so it won't be a huge change 😂
I need her to do a aesthetic analysis for the rockstars girlfriend i think it would have an interesting history and a cool look and twist now
As a woman almost 40, the fact that fashion doesn't cater to my age demographic tells me that I have license to do whatever I want. As we should! It's like graduating. You can throw out the book and develope your own skill sets.
Hmm, I don't think I saw one plus sized older woman showcased as fashionable in this video. So once again intersectionality is key. The older women being embraced are still thin white women. Imagine being a plus sized, old woman of color and trying to be fashionable. We need to normalize a lot of things in the fashion world.
I would love to see you do a deep dive on the Italian principal on presentation and behaviour: "Bella figura". Style and dressing is a huge player in the concept. As I've been aging, I've leaned into the concept of "bella figura" to help my feelings of maturing out of certain trends go down easier. I reframe my new way of dressing in this light and it feels empowering. :)
When you talk about a certain century, it is better to chose pictures from that same century. It is distracting when you don't do that.
Every time I feel like I don’t want to wear something anymore, I feel more like I’m over it and interested in other things now, and I guess I’ve never really thought about how it maybe correlates with my age. I’m 37 and I definitely care about my clothes more than most people… I think I’m always just editing and building for my life and how I want to feel in my clothes.   I guess I’ve never really cared about societal pressure to look a certain way, I just do my own thing, I don’t want to look like everyone else, and honestly I don’t really think I *can* look like anyone else but me. My mom is 79 and her body has changed since I was little, but she’s still herself and always has been. People just stop talking about changes once you’re not a kid anymore, it’s like you really have to fend for yourself once you crest 40. It’ll be interesting to see what happens as millennials start to actually reach middle age en masse, and then gen z. Will we change perception about aging? Will that always be that disconnect between youth and age?
Yeah wear what you want. Even with average looks if you hit an interesting look you can suddenly start noticing other women of your age at work getting inspired and it makes the life kind of fun.
Fun fact about couveture, it was a Norman tradition but wasn't formally entered into English law till Cromwell who is also the asshole responsible for tying EVERYTHING to the marriage contract entered into via the church.
And sexiest man of the year tends to be often times men over 30 or its common that a lot of them are in 40s, 50s, 60s. Never really see the same for women getting titles as sexiest woman of the year
Professor Mina! ❤
ngl growing old scares the FUCK outta me. i'm 35 and my hands are definitely showing that youth does not last forever.
omg girl ive been watching you since i was 15 (im 20 now) and youve come such a long way.!  luv ur vids!
As an older woman, I'm reminded of Tolkien's comment when he was asked about critics who didn't like his stories.  He said he could have no objections, since he would probably have the same opinion of things they liked.  I feel the same way about the fashion industry - they can dislike me and that's fine, since I don't like the stuff they produce.  It's overdesigned, overpriced, and usually unattractive to my eye.  So if they don't like me, fine.  I'll wear what I like and be comfortable and happy.  :)
Older women have other things that are important to them than fashion, therefore the industry goes where the money is, with the young. Ya know, the people that give a crap about partying and been seen being a socialite. Those shallow pleasures that most people grow out of by their 30s.
My aspirations are looking like Joan Didion for Céline
I mean, sure, maybe we were supposed to view it as "unsettling", but really, I cannot see the difference between the younger woman wearing heavy make up and the older one. But maybe it's because every cell in me seems to exist to spite the mainstream opinion for the most part. It's not exactly fun, because it leaves you an outcast, but the idea that I should be unsettled by an older woman for no other reason than wearing heavier make up while accepting a younger woman doing so is FAR more unsettling. And I'm "young".  The fuck!? "Three suicides you won't forget." How twisted to people get? Using someone else's unfortunate inability to cope with life for the sake of attention is vile.  Oh, yeah, I'm sure /men/ love their minors in mini skirts but prefer the senior ladies in something longer. And that it's got /nothing/ to do with their own perverted desires to see more of the younger women's bodies. /s
My mum is constantly telling me she's scared of looking like "mutton dressed as lamb". Next time she says it, I'm gonna remind her it was coined as a compliment
I just found your channel, great content and you are so pretty! Subscribed!
At time stamp 19:37 through 20:00….  Do I say it or let it be?… ugh, I can’t help myself!  I’ll limit my comment to the Downton Abbey dig toward management of Violet Crawley’s wardrobe.  Ok, 3 things.  First, when it comes to historical fashion, especially around turn of the century and into the early 1900s, fashion admittedly was becoming “faster,” however, clothes were still made to last and were somewhat size-adjustable, and tailors (or an individual’s sewing ability) were a common resource to update existing clothing in one’s wardrobe to coordinate with newer trends and changes in body size in lieu of tossing clothes and buying new ones (Abby Cox and other dress historians on YouTube have videos on this).  Second, the grandmother in Downton Abbey is proud of her heritage, status, and tradition, so of all personalities, she would be the type to not change her dress to match the latest trends.  AAAAND, if you think about it, people often like the music/style/trends that were popular in their most formative years and, if they are intentional about it, find ways to incorporate pieces of it into their style years after it’s “cool.” (Ex. my dad still listens to 70s rock music, the queen of England—God rest her soul—wore fashionable 40s style matching skirt suits and hats for decades after they were in fashion.  I hope you catch my drift.)  All I’m saying is, while the statement that Hollywood is dressing older women a certain way may be true, Downton Abbey was not the right reference to prove that since A) the traditional outfit fit the character’s preference, B) clothes in that time period were made to survive decades of wear and tear and body changes, and given the 1910s setting, Violet’s late 1800s wardrobe would be historically accurate considering she grew up in a different decade from the rest and takes pride in that, and C) Violet was FAR from invisible.  She was quite assertive and made her presence known with her cutting remarks and wise advice being the most memorable part of many episodes.  Not just here to troll.  I love the research and intentionality of your videos, and love your video on the Aran sweater!  Just felt the need to add some balance and context to one particular comment.  Thanks for reading!
Not very on topic since I'm not a Tik Toker so I don't think you're very old... But your clothes and hair look stunning in this video! Your hair is done very nicely and frames your head in a way that suits you a lot.
Funny detail: in The Netherlands the plaid was typically for older bourgeois women in the fifties. Probably because we don’t have school uniforms.
Oh wow, I bought that first issue of Sassy as a teenager and as a result have never ever worn mascara on my lower lashes (even now, years past 25)
granny chic seems quite interesting, I haven't heard of it. I think I'm quite into the idea. it feels quite sad for me to see not much rare females choosing clothes for showing their bodies. for me it feels sexist but I don't know, if I had more 'petite' posture maybe I'd be interested in 'proving' my feminine shapes? anyway, for me fashion shouldn't be about showing bodies and presenting how much sexually attractive a person is. and it still feels kind of shocking it's that often the case.  u might have added something about young females and their possible preferences to make oneselves look older/more professional. it gets quite ridiculous sometimes, but also is probably not rarely expected from them? I don't get the idea of rich people looking so basic. there's something fake and improper about that. very interesting piece. I personally do have some thoughts about what I probably wouldn't want to wear when I'll get older, but it's quite difficult to imagine. for sure I would want to in a way represent that I live a bit longer. but there's not a lot of older people I can think about if it comes about interesting style. maybe even only Meryl Streep and one lady which name I cannot even remember xd but she is more in not casual but extravagant style for very few.
I just turned 29 and it doesn’t bother me. But it annoys me that other people seem to care about it so much. I never really think about my age. I only think about how I can improve as a person, not “how long” it’s taking me to do it, so to speak. Teenagers on TikTok can call me escorted expired all they want, as if I’m even interested in their attention? Lmao
Pls do a video on the psychology of the youngest daughter or child
Woah I havent been on here in forever. YOU HAVE A POSTCAST???
The line quoted at 8:30 means not to pick anything that's particularly fashionable and will look super dated or failed-trendy in a year. They're saying to choose classic, timeless lines of the skirt rather than chase the moving silhouette of the Belle Epoque.
im old(er) here.
I love the new styles that echo older women styles as a 28 yo. I’m uncomfortable showing too much skin but you still can look beautiful or sexy without being naked. Trends haven’t explored that until recently, hope it continues!
Not to perpetuate ideas about older women “letting themselves go,” but when my Mom merely washes her hair, puts on some lipstick and earrings, and wears at least jeans, she looks jarringly stunning. Because expectations are so low, pls don’t think “what’s the use” of merely putting yourself together. I am in my 20s and have always struggled with putting myself together for lack of confidence/ fear of failing, but it does wonders for my mental health to at least feel “ready”.
I can do relate. I'm in my 60s and have been very ill and am now several sizes smaller. I have this unfamiliar body and a wardrobe that not longer fits. Trying to make decisions about putting together a new wardrobe is daunting. I'm still alive and want to celebrate that. I also want to look appropriate for my profession.  I have almost no idea what to wear these days and there's not a lot of guidance. The videos I've seen about dressing after 60 cause nausea and consternation. Why do the women in these videos look like they're trying too hard or are members of a conservative religion? Yikes! I don't want to default to yoga pants and T-shirts!
37:50 Ugh, Clinton Kelly mansplaining how older woman don't have to be stuck with ill-fitting, disposable clothes as if there's any other kind on the rack today. 🙄
Great video again. I love how in depth you went and the little cutout examples! But i have an (unrelated) question: Why do you pronounce women like woman? Is it a local dialect? Or is it to set women equal to how "man" is used a a catchall for "mankind". Like "man shall inherit" or something? I'm just curious :)
I associate crop tops with a loss of fabric I used to pay 30BRL for a full shirt, and them crop tops came along and now I pay 30BRL for half a shirt and 50BRL for a full shirt. If it is a buttoned shirt, the crop top version is 70BRL and the full shirt is 120BRL. That's my only gripe with crop tops.
Omg the trope of older women in period dramas wearing clothes decades out of fashion drives me nuts! Why would they not be keeping up with the fashions, particularly if they're women of means and rank? I was watching Cranford recently and Lady Ludlow is dressing in 1780/90s in the 1840s. Wtf 🤦‍♀️🫠
I won't be trying to look like either a young or an old woman, but a secret third thing. (genderless mess)
The fact that we will ALL be old some day is a real levelling factor.
id love to see whole shoots, runways, and collections dedicated to and modeled by older women. my mom tells me i dress well (im 27), but i think her closet (shes 60) is much more varied, colorful, and interesting than mine :/
Nice hair!
Good thing I don't give af about following fashion, lol!
MINA! This hairstyle is EVERYTHING!!!!! Such a slayyy 🙌🙌💅
I am 17. I GOT AN AD FOR ANTI AGING SKIN CREAM. Crazy.
Honestly this obsession on looking younger is so annoying. Older people are so beautiful, i actually don't understand where all the prejudice comes from.
I can't believe Iris Apfel didn't make her way into this one.
Fashion is a personal choice and should be about having fun with it no matter what your age.  There are so many women of a big age who can outshine many young ones.  Grece has a style that most everyone admires but there's also Debra Berry, Leoni (The Style Insider).  We all go through style changes throughout our lives. If it's trend driven or not.
0:46 yet it’s women’s fault for not getting married -_-
Proud crone here 👵🏼
Ideally, I think one's fashion should grow with you in the sense that you get to know your body and your style better.  Not that you have to ignore current trends, but you can comfortably do so.  You don't have to give up styles that suit you because they're on the downswing, but you also don't have to avoid a new trend you like.  Regardless of age, I hope more people have fun with their clothes and appearance.  That's one of the things I like about the body positivity movement.  The idea that you shouldn't base what you wear or expose on shame or negativity, nor put off wearing what you want for some more idealized version of your body.  If you see something you'd absolutely love to wear if you were 30lbs lighter or 30 years younger, get it and wear it anyway.
I don't get why the fashion industry hates older women. Don't older women have more money to spend? Doesn't the industry want money??   Actually I work in the fashion industry, and sometimes I wonder if my company actually wants money or is trying to run themselves to the ground.
As you age, your arms crepe, your knees and thighs sag, your décolletage crepes , it isn’t attractive . However , you can still be sexy with long hair pulled back, wear beautiful long skirts, wear East Indian or Asian styles which are always in my opinion beautiful. In many cultures of the world, both men and women dress with modesty. I make my own clothes and buy the fabrics from India and Thailand. Never dress for trends.
What do you think you might change your mind about / see differently when you are 47?
i know a lot of older women who shop at thrift stores, make and mend is also popular (both things i have been called a granny for liking myself) I think actually making a variety of clothing, that fits pretty good for everyone that exist, is a vast improvement over just not? i guess?
19:15 what movie is this 💖
I think the problem for me right now is the circular fashion. I'm 38 and the trends that are popular now I was wearing in high school... I do not want to go back to looking like that :)))) Maybe once I age out of the cycle it will feel different but at this time I am out.   But I am genuinely surprised you've never talked about Marvelous Ms Maisel. The costumes there are delightful and the contrast between the main character and her mother (both insanely fashionable) would fit nicely even here. And many other aspect of the show would fit into many of your videos. I sincerely recommend the show not just for fashion.
I'm an old lady, and when you become an old lady, you don't care what people think about you anymore. It's great!  I love my life.  I do as I please....
I’m actually glad Hollywood has started making older actresses have a wider selection of roles. Just because you are old doesn’t mean frumpy and useless. From sexy Sophia Loren in Grumpy Old Men, to Helen Miren on RED, and Raquel Welch in Legally Blonde … my bisexual side was like “I don’t care how old they are, I’d tap that!” I love seeing older actresses beyond matronly roles, it gives me hope I can dress however I want as I continue to grow older.
Thi is like... we are really something that has to be brilliant to be sond. Which is not right.
i think something that suits everyine is: Victorian inspired clothing. Yep.
Come through visual aid!!
I just love how everytime I watch a Mina’s video I just get so filled with joy and happiness for listening to such a deep, fun and amazing research that I had to comment that. Mina, thank you so much for what you do. I really mean it <3
Age means have life.  This is silly. Live your life!  We are not promised tomorrow❤
Was having a conversation with my boss the other day, and he brought up Star Wars and mentioned how in the newer movies, Carrie Fisher had “really let herself go.” Like, what????  It’s truly mind boggling how women will be criticized no matter what we do. If we get surgery, we’re plastic and fake and gross, if we don’t, we’re old and crusty and gross…finding a middle ground is like walking a tightrope.
You are right Im just realizing how rare it is to see an (american) older woman in a maxi skirt 🤔🤔🤔...
You're brilliant!!! Thanks for your analysis!!
"...women who could handle the consequences of showing off their cleavage..."
I kept waiting for Mina to bring up the concept of "mom jeans," which definitely fall into the stereotype of the woman past her prime.
Fun fact: women over the age of 26 were not called spinsters. They were ‘thornbacks’. Older single women were called ‘old maids’.
mina is so pretty and intelligent i want to be her when im her age
Mutton dressed as lamb was something I heard a lot growing up muttered derisively by my mother and grandmother. I'm not even 30 but I find sometimes I think it about myself, I'm a plus size woman as well which mixes with age for me when I fret over the appropriateness of my clothes.
I have been listening to the podcast lately, not watching the videos. Mina’s look has changed so much, you could convince me it is a different person, if it weren’t her voice! Beautiful as usual, of course! ❤
The older women is a big demographic.  Any clothing company would be stupid to ignore that. We absolutely need to see more older women represented and not just white and thin.  I am so tired of just white and thin.
Proud spinster here! Done with worrying about how anyone else sees me. I'm also demi, so I'm truly indifferent to attracting anyone. I wear what makes me happy. Aging is a privilege. That said, it would be nice to see things that accommodate boob droop, tummy droop, butt droop, and still have a waistline! Because most femmes still do have waistlines and want to feel that snatch instead of hitching up shapeless bottoms. Slightly higher waistlines. And we want natural fabrics to help regulate body temperature. And clear, saturated colors! No heathers.
Amazing piece! Older famous wealthy women who spend tens of thousands of dollars on a multitude of procedures to look, at best, 10 years younger, is what women fifty and above are expected to emulate. No thanks!  I’d rather spend my money on travel and red lipstick.
I love that in this day and age so many people are breaking the 'rules' of fashion. You can't escape some judgement but you can definitely have fun.  Love your look in this vid Lady Le 🧐☺️  The presentation game was fun.
MILF = Mutton In Lamb Finery
This is such a great topic of discussion. Fun fact: I am 46 now but since I was the age of 16 I have used Diane Keaton as one of my style influences. I have always loved her style
Very eloquent video as usual! I feel lucky that my mom always instilled in me a sense of personal style instead of just a drive to be fashionable.  That is not to say that she was a frump.  In her younger years she wore what was fashionable, and in her young mom years, her style reminded me of Fran Fine with a few more skirt and blazer combos because she worked in an office. Now the that she is older, she has a ridiculous hang up about her upper arms and won't wear anything sleeveless even though she looks great. Aside from that, she still likes her bold colors, bold prints and fitted bottoms because she still has a great butt lol.  Sadly I didn't inherit her proportions, but she taught me how to dress for my shape and always encourages me to wear what makes me happy. So as far as clothes, I have always seen getting older as a fun adventure in trying new things.
omg yes Mina this is incredible I am so happy you’re teaching people about the Māori Moko’s!!! As an aussie gal who knows lots about them but is used to nobody ever talking about them on international platforms this is so so so cool !!!
One would hope by the time you're 50 you know & understand what you like to wear, & who cares about anything else?
@39:00 ik exactly what u mean. J have this a line empire waist doll type dress i love wearing and folks always say i look like a middle schooler in it. 😅
i don't like all of these sitcom scene additions. pls return to your old editing style
This video is very poignant for me. I turn 28 next month and ppl are treating me like spoiled goods cause im childless and unmarried. My bf fights it tho. He always reminds me im young lol
It's funny, but only now as I have hit 40 that I actually feel confident in what I wear. I feel like I have found my own personal style that suits me. It doesn't have anything to do with trends or how I think a 40 year old should look. I used to constantly worry about that all through my teens and 20s. As I hit my 30s I began to worry less about what I thought I should look like and focused more on what I felt good wearing. And now, I only think about what I think I look good in, and what I feel good in. That applies to clothes and makeup. I have never felt more confident I  how I look than now. Fashion trends don't affect me the same way anymore. I guess with age you gain confidence. So now I look forward to my 50s and 60s. I don't know if everyone goes through the same evolution but I hope that women everywhere gain more confidence in their own style as they age, regardless of what society thinks.
idgaf im still gonna wear crop tops at 50😭
I do think older women should hide or camouflage "less than attractive" areas of their bodies. (I think younger women should do that too.)  I think they should wear trends, but in a classier, toned down way. Though some can pull off more audacious looks.  It is good for your fashion to evolve as you age.  So, wear the shorter skirt with tights and boots instead of bare legs. Show some cleavage, but not down to your naval. Invest in good fabrics and good tailoring.
im gonna be an old witch and no one can stop me
Stars like Madonna have worn risqué outfits throughout their career, why should they stop? I never wore such outfits even when I was slim, so I have no plans to start. I may be slightly neuro-divergent, so this is what I did on the day my mother turned 40 (I was 14). I looked long and hard at her and thought: Ah, this is what 40 looks like - as beautiful as ever. This never changed while she lived. I‘m a bit bummed, because my hair is slightly less grey than hers at the same age. I go for triangle these days, but I stand straight (I‘m 5‘3“) and early on I reminded myself that I really don‘t want to lose a single centimeter, so I do frequent yoga. In my country many young women live in jeans and t-shirts and this bores me to sobs. Have considered that you matured out of styles that were never really you?
It's so interesting that just some decades ago, women were thought to be most free in their dresscode around 40 - not around 18-25. Because I relate. I'm in my early 30s and I feel so much more confident in my body now than in my 20s, I love my body so much more and have learned to work with its flaws and with my insecurities. I am more daring in my clothing choices. I am born to an older mother who's always had an impeccable sense of style. So for me the feminine beauty ideal has always been visibly over 40 and seriously elegant. It probably helped me feel way more relaxed about aging than my peers.
I can’t believe you didn’t mention Advanced Style!
Haha I love your new "teacher in the classroom" segment starting around 20:55! So fun! I'm an older woman and also have always been plus-sized, and I love fashion and studied fashion in school. So fashion has always been and I think will always be important to me. Or, I should say, clothing has always been important to me (fashion trends and styles inspire me, but I don't "follow" them). In my teens, I learned to sew and that has been a life-defining hobby for me because it has released me from what the fashion industry thinks I should wear and freed me to always wear what I love and exactly what I want. I wish more women sewed at least some of their own clothing because then you don't have to follow what the men (who run the fashion industry and really actually disparage women) tell you to do. Making some of my own clothing has meant that I am always free to express myself with clothing, regardless of what's being sold to me as a larger woman, and now as an older woman.
Since I turned 26-30 I started dressing "more youthful" - pastels, big poofy dresses colorful crocs and sneakers. I finally had big girl money and dress how Ive dreamed of dressing for the first time in my life and felt so *free* dressing how I wanted and not my age haha
It's OK to dress like an adult. It's OK to wear real grown up clothes. You get to dress like a "kid" until 27, after that you will look desperate aging wannabe pop star.
Your look in this video is next level!
I’ve been seeing a lot lately about how old unmarried women are happier and live longer. Maybe the spinsters are on to something!
I love your videos so much!!
There’s been a huge resurgence in the popularity of Anne Hathaway in the last year or so for her style and her beauty. And to be clear I think she looks absolutely amazing, her met gala look this last year was my personal favourite of the night and she is stunning. While I think her style has elevated to a very on trend and confident era I notice the other half of the conversation is admiring how you can put her side by side to her 20 something self and in some shots, with the right hair and make up, they look like no time has passed.   This is something I grapple with as someone who is now 30 and I’ve always been praised or even insulted for a very youthful appearance. I have always looked some years younger than I actually am and I enjoy the positive attention this gets, it’s also something I consider part of my identity… and that’s where I messed up. Because of that I sometimes worry what’ll happen when my hair goes grey? I can’t afford to do all the things to my face the famous people in their 40s and 50s do to still look 20. spf be damned, I will wrinkle my face will change shape my body shape will change. And when I see praise people like Anne Hathaway and other famouses over the age of 40 get for defying the sin of age my brain says DO THAT! Sleep with an LED mask on that glows red! Who cares if you look like American psycho you wanna be young forever don’t ya!!! And there’s the social media scrutiny anyone gets for seeming old see the mostly online discourse of millennials and gen z, where lately gen z have been most upset by the response “wait… you’re gen z? You look ROUGH, I thought you were a fellow millennial. I thought you were like mid 30s” And really, what is so wrong about being mid 30s? What’s wrong about being 40 or 50 etc and there’s nothing.  So while I do still stan the style and beauty of aforementioned Anne and many others, I find I’m also just loving other icons and idols of style who are old, look it. And they look good. Not good “for their age” just good. And not just famous people like the video says we need to look to people older than us and say damn you look great! Not you look great because I thought you were 22 but look at this hot piece of 45 year old! This 60 year old queen! What a beauty at 54!  I think removing the concept of age as a factor being wholly negative or positive and acknowledging the fact that we all deserve to feel good and feel beautiful at any age we can make progress.
What has bothered me, is that so many clothing stores had been phasing out their plus-sizes. But, now many of these stores are bringing back a plus-size esthetic. However, many of these styles I don’t feel comfortable wearing as the skirts are shorter than I feel my best wearing. Or there are crop tops & teeny-tiny shorts. No, thank you. Thirty years ago as I was pregnant with my last child & I was pushing my middle child in a stroller; some high-school boys drove by & hollered “free Willy”
When I am an old woman I shall wear purple With a red hat which doesn’t go, and doesn’t suit me. And I shall spend my pension on brandy and summer gloves And satin sandals, and say we’ve no money for butter.  I love this poem. It’s by Jenny Joseph.
my mum just turned 51 and she’s talking about this more and more, also in the medical industry because you are beyond the years of fertility you are seen as disposable and not taken as seriously. And the fact she is only 51… like shes not even old yet. I’m so glad to see us younger girlies taking a note of this now so we can try stop this happening/ or at least be more aware of it when we are older
I'm 57 and follow trends and fashion.  I wear what suits me, and for my body type (apple shape), and what makes me feel confident.  I do not buy into the "invisible" older women, I dress to be noticed.  I get many compliments for my self of style,  many strangers comment while I'm out and about. Most of the compliments come from women, old and young, seldom from men, except queer males.  I am actually trying to inspire women as a fashionable female who is enjoying life no matter what our age.
Fashion industry just got it all wrong 😑 As a 29 years old I totally get the point about reaching your late twenties and feeling like you can’t wear certain styles. At the same time i feel like it’s such a BS. I finally make okay money, I can afford buying good /better clothes than I did when I was a teen and in my early twenties. I finally feel like myself and like expressing myself with clothes, while when I was younger I was just wearing basic stuff.  Great video, I didn’t realise how fast I watched 40mins ❤
My grandma was one of the most fashionable women I've met. She was a coastal grandma with a splash of leopard print and bolder patterns. She always wore bold red or pink lipstick and never shrank into the background. My style is pretty masc, but I still take inspiration from her!
When I was younger (18 to 20s) I never wanted to wear pigtails because I didn't want the negative sexual attention I thought would come with it. Recently, at 32, I've wanted to wear them so much, but feel I can't because I'm too old to wear a hairstyle so strongly associated with youth. Even if most people think I look younger than my age. I'm still trying to work up the courage 😅 But I will do it because I refuse to let society tell me how I should dress!
So happy every time u post❤️ you are amazing and hope I can always listen to you. Even if you need a break from uploading, that’s okay❤️ keep up the awesome work
Just a thought:  typical sizing is Misses.  Women’s clothing is plus sized.  Pretty much summarizes society’s opinion.
Being a box or a rectangle isn’t always a choice.  When I gained 70 pounds in a few months from a prescribed medicine had me start asking doctors whenever they prescribed a medicine whether it caused weight gain.  Gabapentine, which I’d been on for 10 years, caused 10-15 pounds weight gain per year.  EVERY prescription listed weight gain as a side effect.  It was additionally interesting since I’d often gone into the doctor because I couldn’t lose weight no matter how much I exercised or how little I ate.
how could you misunderstand Clinton Kelly's statement THAT badly
There are no mutton/lamb comments about men!
Within months of going through menopause, my dates disappeared. I think men smell the pheromones.  It was amazing how my “worth” changed when I was no longer fertile.  I didn’t realize it at the time, but only realized it later.
We already know this. Dont need a video to tell us.
When I see my grandmother trying to hide her body, dressing up with sleeves as soon as she leave the house in summer it breaks my heart. Old ladies are lovely and I can't wait to grow up as a stylish person !
bro this is off topic but ur hair is STUNNINGGGG
if I like it, it fits, I can afford it, I'm just going to wear it regardless of the age or gender it's marketed to
Fashion industry hates everyone, including themselves 😂
I absolutely love your look this video! Also appreciate the conversation about aging an fashion/style.
Don’t forget BaddieWinkle and Iris Apfel!! Older icons
this video is overall great. But I have to say. I'm a little annoyed how you fail to mention the male gaze. how this was not brought up. all of this is about the male gaze. all of it.
But I like baggy cardigans. They’re cozy. And I like flats because they are comfortable.
Mina is Fashion Woman.  Just carry a stick everywhere you go. Point at stuff you want with it.
Thanks for a very informative video. Love your hairstyle and blouse as well 😊
THE CLIPS FROM WANDA IN THE BACKGROUND!!!!!!!! Yes Mina!!!!!!!!!!
The guy in the opening of the video is David Hyde Pierce.  He played Niles Crane on the show Frasier.
I just turned 27 and the various age shaming is already getting to me ugh, let the humbling begin I guess 😭😭
I love this video, I think this topic is so important nowadays, it was really comforting hearing this! xoxo
I think it's also something that starts at home. I grew up watching my  mum and grammy, and many of my aunts being extremely stylish, wearing bright colours and bold patterns taking great care of their white hairs toning them to look bright and silvery, wearing chunky artistic jewellery a la Loulou de la Falaise; so now as a woman that has reached the "dreadful" age of twenty five I don't really feel any preassure to "preserve" my youth at all. I don't care for the fine lines that are starting to show up on my face or the white hairs that I have... Maybe if all of us had these type of examples in our lives we wouldn't view aging as the worst thing to ever exist.
The purse rules slay me! It's not even on your body🤦‍♀️
I've never been conventionally attractive and slim, so as I age, i don't find myself facing a lot of the anxieties that i see on the Internet. I also chose to pursue my own style rather than following trends, and it's so much better for my happiness and body image to focus on what i want and what makes me comfortable than to worry about new trends that are not designed for my body type. I also have the privilege of making my own clothes when i want, so I'm not constrained by simply what is available where i live.
I am in my mid fifties and can assure you, that the fashion industry is rightfully hating me. I have developed my own style and no amount of marketing could convince me to spend money on trendy clothes. I have always liked the classy, ladylike british and german country style and am more than happy that, at last, I can wear my beloved tweed costumes, fedora hats and silk scarves without looking too weird. It is true that as a woman you become somewhat invisible the more you age, but this brings so much freedom. Also I've gathered a lot of confidence and learnt that you'll always get some weird looks if you're wearing anything else than an invisibility cloth (jeans and T-shirt without accessoires). So I am just wearing what I want and like.
As we women go through many styles in life, we realize some things flattered us better, so some new styles don’t have to be brought, or tried out.  I can try on items in a dressing room, and evaluate them, I don’t have to own them particularly.
Thank you for this. Notice being fat is a double sin if you are older. Also, if manufacturers want older & bigger women to purchase clothing, they make them is something besides polyester!
Hollywood is a pathetic industry.
Oh the irony of the ad for this video from YouTube being from olay 😂
I feel like she didn't take this video serious by putting it together for women who are actually going through the menopause as myself in my early thirties for getting a full hysterectomy done to prevent cervical cancer.
Please talk about Palestine Mina use your platform for good 🇵🇸
I remember being a child and thinking: “I can’t wait to be an old lady” I always thought were fierce and elegant
Free Palestine 🇵🇸
Just to put it out there-- hijab really refers to a code of dress and conduct for both Muslim women AND men, but in English refers mostly to just a hair covering for Muslim women. What is called a hijab in this video has different names for different styles of the scarf/wrap (and also depends on the country/culture of the person wearing it as well). Basically hijab is just a suuuuper general term for modest clothing 😁
I'm 52 and have come to a place where I only wear what I like. I love shirtwaist dresses, so I've been making some, especially playing with the style of the bodices. I'm not necessarily trying to look my age, but I'm also not trying to look younger. I just want to feel pretty.  I always took that scene in "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" to represent the loss of youth. I'm feeling that now, and it's scary. Starting to face the end isn't for the faint of heart.
Can we stop saying “older”? Older than whom?
When I catch myself getting afraid of aging, I think of my great grandmother who was playful and creative until the end.  She was a nurse in the 40's when there was no machinery to help move patients, so way into her 80's she was broadshouldered with strong arms, which she showed off with pride. She loved pink and turquoise and when it was windy, she'd tie her hair up with an orange and yellow scarf. When her clothes tore, she'd fix it by embroidering it with flowers - especially blue cornflower. Style is ageless
Not everybody has the privilege of growing old. It's a blessing. ❤
I’m in my 40’s, and you can pry my baggy cardigans out of my cold, dead hands!! LOL
What I don’t get in the fashion & youth thing is how are fashion houses expecting 20 year olds to afford expensive clothes? £100 is the price of a whole outfit (shoes and bag included) for most 20 year olds by late 20’s that’s usually around £250-300. A few grand for a bag is money that only older people have.
Let's not forget though that IMDB has a list of "Best movies with children in full nude" made by their admins and The Oscars handed out a prize to the movie The Tin Drum that they made a 10 year old perform sex acts with a teenager. Please don't platform these industries if you market your channel as being feminist...
Mina looks sooo edwardian in this blouse ❤❤❤
The fashion possibilities are among the things im most enjoying and continuing to look forward to about aging, i wanted to wear trenchcoats and turtlenecks in my 20s but when i would put them on, i felt like a little kid playing dressup. Now that im pushing 40, I feel like im ready to become the hot crone i want to see in the world!
Loved your video!  WELL DONE!
Don't let clothing designers dictate what you wear. They'll have you looking silly.  i.e., shark fin shirts. Look at their own apparel, lol!
I've said for years that I can't wait until my hair is completely grey so I can finally start dying it all kinds of fun colors. Mine is so dark right now that I would have to bleach it constantly to be able to do that and it would ruin my beautiful natural curls. So I will absolutely be that 70 year old with bright pink, green, purple, rainbow, etc hair.
I am age 70.  Some of us looked forward to being older.  Like Martha Stewart, men are attracted to our confidence and laughter.  I don't think clothing has an age.  People give too much power to clothing.  Just wear what looks great on you.  Envy will always follow.
21:04 I chuckled because the left girl has three hands Thank you Ella!
I’ve been thinking about this lately. My mom looks younger than her age, and still she feels like maybe she can’t wear certain things because it’s “too young looking” even though she likes whatever garment she’s talking about. She often asks me “do I look ridiculous in this?” and it kinda breaks my heart a bit every time… I think she feels pressured to look a certain way when she doesn’t really give a damn about age. I try to encourage her, but she’s always been one to stick to the social rules, hence the dissonance between “I don’t care about age” and “people do care about age and I have to follow their opinions”. Despite that, I feel like she’s being more adventurous in her style than she was 10 years ago, so I think it’s working somewhat! She’s also retired now, which probably helps in the sense of not having to stick to certain norms or having to see anyone else 😂   Anyway, thanks for talking about this topic, Mina! As a fem presenting non binary person who has been getting more comfortable with fashion in the last few years, it’s funny how now I dress more like a kid (and a girl, at that!) than ever while being extremely happy to have reached the 30s. My motto has kinda become dress as the fairy tale character you want to be, not the gender or age others see you as. Be the happy little elf or witch you want to be ✨ (with all due respect to all the awesome witches out there)
I’m 60 years old, 4’11” with long wavy gray hair. I am literally a little old lady!  I want to be comfortable and feel put together without a lot of effort. Some days I am on trend, and some days I wear a skirt that I’ve had for 25 years. I wear what I want, but proportion has become more important.  I’m not dead, I still matter, and I don’t want to become invisible.
I hate how acceptable it is to be ageist. I was shocked when there was a trend of people saying “the only reason I’d go to a school reunion is to see who didn’t use sunscreen” like wow what??
While I'm embracing being young and doing things while I can I can't wait to be a hot grandma
girl i love your make up
I've always liked what my grandma wore, she wore comfortable slacks in various colours, with comfortable blouses often with flowers on them. Like white and a bit shiny with pinkish and purple  flowers. Who cares what fashions says, I want to dress like that. She also had her silver hair set in beautiful waves and curls and her glasses may be gold and pink with a touch of sparkle. Will a fashionhouse have to design that for us to find it? Of course not, they come from order in magazines that target older women.
I have so many thoughts on this as a "stylish" woman who's just entered her 60s in the 2020s. One key fact that the fashion industry has right - *there IS a point when women stop buying clothes* . I've watched it happen to my mothers and aunts; it's happening to me! There's a point where you have the pieces you need, you like the looks you've acquired, you no longer care about fashion trends or public opinion and you only buy clothes to replace pieces you've worn out. Plus, at this stage, *everything in my closet* has come back into fashion in the last 40 years! 😄 The industry is correct, this category of older women are NOT the best customers for current fashion.
Me: *sees a new video from Mina Le* "Where's the like button?!?!"
Mei ling you might be addressing your own Asian community who age ok until around late 40’s. From a purely aesthetic perspective Black women age really well. I can afford older black models compared to younger black models for my fashion line and that’s one of the reasons why I prefer to use older Black women. They have a tight taut body especially if they take care of themselves and their facial structure cheek bone and features dont face the same issues as other racial groups of aging women. And also I find older women drama free, professional and super confident. Younger models always give me grief and have Mt Rushmore sized egos on them but also contradictory because they are so incredibly insecure. It’s like photographing a toddler
27:40 head/hair covering is common among pagan communities as well
It is one of the great ironies that just about the time you can afford the really great clothes, they stop making them for you.  There are a few exceptions like St John knits but even they are marketing now toward a younger demographic when it is far less likely that someone in their 20-30s can afford a $2000 jacket.  But a lady in her 60s can and will buy a St John jacket. I’m 68 and have a closet full of St. John, Carlisle, and Lilly Pulitzer. I don’t even bother looking at other brands.
I must say I really love your hairstyle and the whole fit! Also I’m glad you make a video about it. I mean I’m still young but social media makes me stressed already how I’m going to look later and that sucks.
Vouge Philippines has been featuring a lot of old ladies on their covers this year and they're fantastic. They're not just old they also covered tattoos, their accomplishment in science and arts. You should check them out.
There was also the Céline ad campaign with Joan Didion in 2015.
You forgot advanced style! Amazing account about aging women and ppl in general.
Hi! I've followed you for some years now and I always love your content. But as a 25 year old, soon 26, I really felt this video. Its so true that we're still very much on the younger side of the spectrum no matter what the kids say, like my 17 year old sister 😂 but, ageing  shouldn't be seen as something negative in the fashion scene, I mean, in this looovely capitalistic world we live in I'm honesty surprised that they haven't noticed that the fashion market for elderly woman is very much there, AND they usually have money. Fashion is for all and I'll definitely that one granny who's got better fashion sense than the kids, at least thats what I strive to be! 🤍   Sending you lots of love and thank you for being literally the only fashion channel that's on the intellectual side. I really appreciate all your content! 🤍🕊
Here's how far it goes sometimes. There's catalouges for like nursing related clothing, not for the one doing the nursing, but for the one being nursed. You know, hip pads, hard to remove clothing for alzheimer patients, hard-to-tear clothing, adult bibs, adult diaper coverings, clothing that's easy to put on/off in wheelchairs... Except the last one, non of it is usually pretty, it's pretty functional and may come in like 5 very muted colors, but not pretty.  And still, it's regulary modeled by young people.
Re that you say at 29:42 - The national costume (bunad) of my region of Norway also has differences between unmarried and married women, and these are all "upgrades" essentially - you get more bling: a belt of gold (rather than embroidery) and more brooches/jewellery, a band of green at the hem of the skirt and black thread embroidery in the shirts (over white on white) among other things. Growing up I always admired the bunad worn by my mother and grandmother, and looked forward to getting those upgrades for myself one day. I reject the idea that women should go invisible as they age! Give us more bling!
At 62 I wear what I want to wear... I like frilly old fashioned dresses think pre-1920s styles. I'm not into drab clothes.
My grandmother was one of the most stylish people I have known - she used to take me thrifting and would always find some treasures. She had so much fun with fashion, and I aspire to that for myself when I age.
The fact that these three older women are white is on point ! You are not white. You don’t hear the frase black don’t crack and take it to heart. You are not the one that see Asians never aging until they are 80. You don’t hear that white women get older faster, so they can’t go outside if  the sun is out. Aging is painful. On the inside and on the outside. We are compared to older black beauty all the time. And we always loose. Tan and brown skin is more beautiful when aging. It’s way more forgiving.  So I say “a big fuckin hurray for those white chick!”
I think being an older woman is a blessing in life because it’s a special thing. I mean not all of us can be three years old, or 16 years old. I still think that aging is a good thing because it comes with wisdom and confidence but there’s some not good things about it but that doesn’t usually happen until you in your 60s or you’re in your 70s.
I think you should wear whatever you want that makes you feel comfortable about yourself. It doesn’t matter what your age but there is a limit of certain things, but if you can pull it off that’s OK too. I felt miserable when I was younger but I don’t feel bad about aging. I think aging is a part of life that all of us have to go through even though it could be difficult. We didn’t know much about growing up when we were like three years old.
What you are younger you may not have the confidences to wear something that makes you feel good about yourself. Life is way too short to worry about age and fashion. I think getting older is a good thing because when you’re younger, you don’t have a lot of self-confidence and wisdom.
I am older, my dress sense however is in a Peter Pan bubble (it never grew up). So I keep my hair long, wear torn jeans or anything else I want to and notice how confused about my age people get, when I wear certain things.
In Islam older women are allowed to take off the hijab for comfort. Like my grandma usually wears the hijab but some days she won’t or she won’t at the beach when she’s doing vigorous activity
I am 38 and hope this will tip me over the edge into a early grave 0:41
Scientists can't even cure death or aging They can't even master plastic surgery or surgery period They don't even master neuroscience They don't know about life, love, money, fashion, or anything else either For the money spent on this Earth so far, absolutely nothing is done, or anywhere near it
I love older women. Cougars and milfs make the world go round.
I personally would not dress my little daughter in a crop top for practical reason. Her belly and back would stick to the playground slide or to a swing seat. This is also the reason why I don't buy short shorts and skorts for her. They are horrible for an active kid.
Older women and round men.
No shit, women don't age well
This blouse and hairstyle fit you sooo well! I always look forward to both the outfit and the content of the video 🥰
Fashion was so difficult for me in my early forties.  Not young, not old, but somewhere in the middle.  I have never been overweight & didn’t want to dress like a box.  But many woman’s sized clothes didn’t fit me & I didn’t want to look like I was trying to be a teenager!  I’m almost 50 now & have it down pat.  I dress with my colors that look best on me, I’m a stickler for fit & can tailor clothes myself & love vintage shopping for classics.  As an artist & interior designer, I wear a lot of black & bright colors, have silver hair to my waist & love my look!
Middle aged women don’t exist in anything (movies, fashion) and elderly woman are always ugly witches or sad grandmothers
When i was in school, i had a teacher who was Muslim, and she started wearing the local version of the head covering. As a curious teen, i asked her if she started wearing it as some sort of age thing, and her reply was "Are you saying that I'm old?" :x
absolutely adore the presentation segment
i have always found older women gorgeous and it pains me that women are discouraged from looking their age. The aura and charisma that comes with having lead a long, full life is so alluring and if it shows on their face, all the better.
Hi, I'm a from New Zealand and was so excited to see you reference one of my culture's practices in this video! I just wanna correct your pronunciation for the word Moko. Imagine saying the words "more" and "core" in a british accent with silent Rs. Put those two together and you've got the correct pronunciation of the word Moko :)
I will still be wearing my lolita dresses when i'm wrinkled and withered
“We should be thankful we have the privilege to age” wow… this hits hard for me as a nonbinary turning 29, in a world where “nonbinary style” is defined by 15 year olds with short colorful hair, pale skin, and dysphoria hoodies.
i’m so happy you brought up feeling like you aged out of certain silhouettes. i feel similarly. i turned 26 and have been feeling that hard. you realize how ridiculous it is like why do i feel like im cosplaying as a teenager bc i wore oversized jeans today? 😭 i refuse to let my age box me in!
All I will say, as a man of a certain age, is that I couldn’t help noticing that Stevie Nicks can twirl a baton better than Mina can! And no disrespect to Mina, your videos are better researched than Stevie’s beautiful songs. But it reminded me, there’s a lady with many decades in her wake who loves to turn a taboo into a fashion decision, and always get away with it. It was also reassuring to discover the phrase ‘mutton dressed as lamb’ was originally designed as an homage to mature women. I think they had it more right in the Age of Enlightenment.  Again on the matter of maturity I enjoyed Mina’s observation about female Hollywood A listers peaking at 32 where their male counterparts would typically peak at 40. I have long since observed that whilst women tend to find emotional and psychological maturity between e the ages of 28 thru 32, with us men it tends to be closer to 40, if ever… Which is why the USA has a rule about Presidents being over 35. One suspects the modern fashion industry is better at understanding physical maturity than the emotional and psychological kind, and therein lies the heart of the issue Mina discusses in this video.
It really does (hate older women.)
I turned 40 this year and along with my age I've also gained wisdom when it comes to fitness and nutrition. As a result (I was obese in my 20s), I now have my 'dream body.' I look and feel better than I ever have, and so I feel great wearing short skirts, showing my midriff, and proudly baring my toned arms and shoulders. (I never felt that was acceptable at my size when I was younger, but that's a bunch of BS too! Wear what you want! Anywho) Growing up in the 80s and 90s I'd never have pictured a 40 year old woman wearing the clothes I do now; back then you still got black balloons for your birthday and your friends said you were 'over the hill.' We always heard older women criticized for not 'dressing their age." Screw that! I have fun with trends that work for me, and stick to classic styles at other times in the interest of sustainability. I NEVER wear anything uncomfortable, so I always look relaxed and easygoing, even when I'm dressed up. I LOVE participating in fashion and showing my body, and I don't imagine I'll stop anytime soon. Thanks for this video! One of my faves that you've done.
0:51 1830s, not 17th century. It’s the Brontës.
yay mina le video❤
In terms of how women are "supposed" to dress more modestly as we age, I wonder if it might also have something to do with the de-sexualization of mothers?
I remember when I was in my early 20s and my friend was so upset about almost being 30, I thought she was being absolutely ridiculous. She was without a doubt one of the most beautiful women I have ever met in real life and her beauty could rival that many of celebrities. Then I turned 30 and understood exactly what she was going through. I never thought I would suffer from insecurity like that ever again. I worked so hard to get my body issues as a teen but this time it was even more difficult just because of other things going on in my life. It really does in a way feel like my life is over, especially the part where I felt like anything was possible for the future. I’ve kind of lost all hope for many of dreams due becoming physically disabled and I’m now the sole caretaker of my mentally disabled brother and elderly mother. I have been mourning the loss of my youth and freedom while also hearing all the manosphere/red pill crap. Andrew Tate and that side of social media was really popular around that time and constantly hearing over and over that I’m worthless now being 30 especially after gaining a bit of weight, just made me feel horrible about myself. Even though I knew what they were saying was all just sexist bs, it didn’t stop my mind from going to those dark places. Weirdly enough turning 31 kind of helped. Once I got over that hump and I’ve learned to accept it and I’m working through those insecurities. Negative talk about older women does hurt people though. It’s not at all helpful. Women should mean more than just to be a sexual objects for men or baby making machines.
I think one point that might help a little is to wonder if you wanna use that clothing because of the piece or because of the body in it. Im 24 and overweight and i often think "oh i wish i could wear that crop top!" But then i realize i might dont wanna wear the piece, i just wanna be "able" to. So i think " if i was skinnier (one may change to younger) would i really wear it? Then i conclude " i dont think i would, my skin would be sticking to things, i would get cold in my back, would have difficult finding a bra..." Or "yes, i totally would, i miss dressing that way". Then i would proceed to adapt the clothing to something i feel comfortable on.
MINA THAT HAIR DO OMG I LOVE THEM
I feel the need to explain my thumbs down. Within the first minute and a half you kind of broke all of the normal people thinking. Women have never been weak call my women have always owned property, women have always held positions of power and prestige. Why do you suggest that women had nothing and no means to do anything until such and such happened ??
the irony of an "anti-aging" cetaphil ad came on right at minute 37 😭
I thibk one of the shows that gives me more confidence and freedom in what I wear as I get over (as problematic as it can be) is SATC. Kim Catrell, in particular, her style just makes me feel like I could wear anything at 40,50,60+
Women perpetuate it so…
tbh when i get older ima be goth tf
This video is brilliantly researched! (and scary cause women, afabs, and femmes have it hard enough) But just a nitpick, it's pronounced more like moh koh than moe koe. It's really nice to see non New Zealanders talk about Maori Culture! Just wanted to let people know how to pronounce it accurately
Huh- admittedly I am a white New Zealander, but I was always told that moko were tattoos that Māori women got specifically when they were considered an “elder” (in the sense that they were respected as someone who was wise and/or as a leader). The tattoo being done specifically around the mouth (moko kauae) is a symbol of the power of their speech/opinion and a sign that they should be listened to, as well as granting them authority to speak during gatherings held at the marae (meeting grounds, like a town hall but with spiritual connotations not unlike a church. Not just anybody can speak out or give speeches there). In general moko signifies social status wherever it is on the body, but I guess it’s important to note that the rules differ between regions and tribes. Also, Māori have kinda had to reinvent a lot of it since their old customs were disrupted by NZ’s colonisation. Especially when it comes to specific designs, some were and are so locale specific that you can tell exactly which place/tribe the person is from.  If any Māori happen upon my comment please correct me if I got something wrong! But just in case, I wanted to flag that moko kauae is much more nuanced than just separating girls from women 😊
YES! Let's add "age" to the list of still other ridiculous social constructs! At 70+ I have more energy than I did in my teens and early 20s! As to fashion and figure, I like my body better as it is now than ever before, and my clothing line of choice is a quality line that is both tasteful, classic, and worn by ages 20+. Like you, Mina, I hope to see more non-white representation. I live in a predominantly African-American neighbourhood with many striking older women who have a great fashion sense. My daughter's mother-in-law is Chinese-Canadian, and my daughter lives in an Asian neighbourhood near Toronto. Even if I did not have a "family connection," I would still be interested in the the styles Asian women around my age gravitate towards. Thank you for this great episode (as well as others)!
At 52 no one is parting me from my hot pink strappy mini dress. I feel confident in it so that's what I project
I loved the Aimé Leon Dore New Balance ad campaign, featuring an older lady looking rad as hell (comfy too)
This is such a good video essay! Your videos are always a treat, thank you for another lovely upload.
When I worked at an assisted living for dementia, I was obsessed with the few old ladies who wore more fashionable pieces. They may have not been trendy in today’s standards, but they always looked so cute and fun. It’s sad that dressing in more styles isn’t encouraged for older women
Okay but the hair????? LOVVVVE
The career of a supermodel is over at 29 years old. The freemasons are still saying women don't hit the wall at 30. Does this make sense to you? 🤔
i know this video was about older women but you spoke about being 27 and like,,,, "early 20s" "mid 20s" "late 20s" none of this means anything. theres no more-appopriate or less-appropriate with only a year or two apart. even with 10 years apart. like, obviously with however many years wear whatever the fuck you like but, like, its extra bizaare when its your 20s and youre worried about aging out of something from like 2 years ago!! thtas no time! thats nothing! if you dont like it anymore thats fine but honestly this weird segmentation of peoples 20s is absolutely nuts
38:06 Yeah this quote has the right spirit but I almost feel like it gives a sentiment of "We're just better than those young people".  And I'm not sure reversing the ageism in fashion is the solution to ageism in fashion lol
Interestingly, I’ve recently turned 30 and feel more comfortable wearing crop tops, and more revealing tops than ever. I think it’s a combination of feeling my most confident and capable at this age and also feeling like the time I have to wear these things is limited so I want to seize the day a little haha.  Also Mina you are still so so young ❤️
You look gorgeous 😭😍
Im so happy u uploaded ❤❤❤
Im so excited to be a fashionable old lass
Oh, I love my matronly look. It comes with super comfortable cardigans, loads of colourful scarfes and awesome necklaces. The trousers feel good, and the shoes make my feet happy. Plus, I earned my wrinkles. At this point I am even looking forward to the first grey hair. We made it through the pandemic; I am not going back to uncomfortable clothes. Life is just way to short for that.
There's some argument that we may have a menopause specifically because a grandmother with no minor children of her own is so often helpful in raising her grandchildren.  (On a species scale, obviously, not individuals.)
I find as my hair and skin have faded ( I'm almost 70), I don't look as good in the brighter colors I once wore but I am not wearing dingy colors just lighter ones. I have great legs so a long tunic and leggings is my go to, probably not stylish but comfy and I like the look. I have my own look and don't care about being in style, never did, I guess I'm lucky.
Unfortunately, if older women give into unrealistic beauty standards, even if it is rational in the hostile environment, it is still perpetuating those harmful standards and things are not gonna get better for women and ageism if they (and younger women as well) continue to capitulate like that.
I’m 52. I used to be able to predict fashion trends from 10 years old till .. ?? I LOVE this episode. No one is going to tell me what to wear. I like what I like. I don’t care what everybody else is wearing. I’m a comfort junkie, vintage rules and I also love army gear. Sophisticated and long lasting although I usually cannot afford my preferred aesthetic 😊 Maybe I’ll design my own line
oh when you got the board out it was on. pls more professor mina
You’re only 27 doll.
im 20, my mom is 51. I have been spending the past roughly 1/2 yrs basically training my mom that fashion and color does not have a required age. She has improved so much, and shes even thinking about getting a bit of fashion colors in her hair (not much, she works at a hospital so she cant go crazy). She has been doing so well, and she loves to look at colorful pairs of shoes and looks almost like a walking rainbow. She even changed her hairstyle to fit HER and not what society tells her to have. I am so proud of her, and she even looks younger because her confidence and excitement with style gives her youthful joy. Break the norms, it is healing!
I also think because social media is such a new phenomenon in our culture, the people who use it and the faces we see on it are mostly 35 and younger. As Millennials and Gen Z age online and outwardly, I think the representation of older people will proliferate and feel a lot more common than it does today. Because social media has democratized representation in such groundbreaking ways, I don't see why people who are young now would fade into obscurity and invisibility and not express themselves online just because they'll be older. It won't be major print outlets curating and deciding who gets to be represented in media like it was in Mrs Exeter's days
I agree there does not need to be a hard line against older women participating in trends. I would like to take a moment to highlight the truth in what Clinton said. It reminded me of being in my mid-late 20s and the disdain I felt towards older women without knowing why. For me I feel now after just turning 40 that so much of it was fear. It was the kind of natural fear that grows from inevitable change and the unknown doused with gas and set alight by our youth centered consumerist culture that drives women of all ages towards self-doubt and the tonic of convenient product placement. I am glad to see younger women noticing how they view older women now will affect the world they build for their own future. That was relatively non-existent in my 20s. And I am happy to say that for me- life has consistently replaced whatever I have lost in youth with something equally worth having. But this culture will not tell you that. Keep pushing back on the fear mongering. All those messages that are directed to older women are also directed towards younger women. It seeks to convince them that all their power is wrapped up in their youth and beauty and with the inevitable loss of it so comes the inevitable loss of worth. It isn't true. Truly once you are here you will see it was all a mirage. They are taking your power now by instilling a fear of aging. Ignore them. The truth is you will only become stronger, happier, and more beautiful.
yes!  i've become kind of obsessed with older people who dress alternative for a while.  people like baddie winkle and matthew lesko make me feel so much more confident about the future as i dress alternative and don't plan on stopping anytime soon.  great video as always <3
Pfft style, Let's start with finding something that actually "flipping fits".  Then add in "and is also flattering".  Then add in "and also I like the style" and it becomes a very small selection.
I always thought this was interesting, but women in Hungary cut their hair short, ear length after they get married
23:59 -- I believe Mina says "deep hues" where the captions say "indistinct" 29:29 -- "niqab" I believe instead of "any cop"
I agree with Clinton in that as you age trends just aren't as appealing to jump on, you have a better idea of the worth of money and time. Also as trends come back so quickly now you might remember wearing certain pieces and have no interest in wearing them again. You also have a better idea of what colours work for you, what fits you, etc. And the quality of clothes is so bad you rather wear your items that still fit even if they're not trendy. This does not take away from perspectives that really seem to hate older women and put their worth down to their wrinkles or gray hair but Clinton's point has some merit.
I think the only fashion rule that should apply to everyone (apart from not killing animals) is to wear whatever makes you feel good about yourself and your body.
i keep fprgetting your 27 i always think your my age like 16 or such...like hearing tjat really makes me realise we take youth for granted because where still youthful at a "older" age
As an elder goth who is 50...I'm loving the aesthetic of dark academia meets Victorian gothic/romantic. This, I can pull off in an office, where people see me as a fashion forward person. I design and make my own clothing, so it helps to have unique fitting pieces.
God I can’t wait to be an insane old woman in 2090 letting all the nurses know ONLY REAL 90s KIDS KNOW THE TRUE 90s!!!
The real three Cs are comfy cosy and cute.
My mom (at 57) just got one of those huge puffer jackets in (almost) neon green. It’s a fun jacket and it looks great because she is so happy when she wears it. I feel like someone younger might be overpowered by it because she has this maturity  about her, like found her style and doesn’t care if others judge her. In comparison she is not as confident if she tries to “dress her age” (which she stopped doing)
Ive been watching The Golden Bachelor and I was so intrigued by the way the show’s cast chose to dress themselves. They chose over and over to show skin and flashy glittering gowns. It’s just something I never see older women embrace day to day, so it’s interesting. They spoke a lot on how they are still worthy of finding love and joy at an older age, how invisible they felt before embracing the golden  Bachelor « « « journey » » »
i just genuinely love more mature features and styles of dress, i love a face that looks lived in and clothes that look timeless, like i think this is the prettiest you've looked (IN MY PERSONAL OPINION❤) just because of my own sensibilities and actually finding "older" styles very very beautiful
I find it hilarious that a MILF is like, anyone over 30 now 😆 wtf
Baddie winkle!
As a queer femme who is very attracted to older femmes, I really do not get the bias outside the cisheteropatriarchy.
You are insanly pretty in this Video (as in all your other Videos)😍 also i think i mever saw you with your hair down like in this ad and you look so stunning😍
When you mentioned the magazines aimed at mature women that had trouble finding clothes for their shoots I was reminded of something I read in a fashion magazine back when I was in high school (between 2007 and 2010) - an editor answered a reader's question about why the magazine didn't feature models in "bigger" sizes in general (this was after the magazine had done an entire photoshoot with that as a theme and the reader enjoyed it so much that they wanted to see more like it) and the answer was something along the lines of "it's not that we don't want to but most of the clothes used for these shoots are collection samples and they often don't come in a lot of different sizes" (Sidenote: I'm from Europe and at that point in time the whole "body positivity" and "plus-size models/sizes" hadn't really caught on yet in my country).
It's crazy because I'm a 31 yo woman, who has recently became a mother... and I'm also a lifelong goth. And with maternity so much of my style changed to acomodate my new body and the new challenges motherhood faced me with, but I kept making an effort to at least wear all black and some really bold accessories. Now, my kid It's two, no longer lactating and overall more like a little person than a baby, so I felt like I can be more myself again, fit my old clothes and everything. And people It's BRUTAL. Like, I don't really remember much people actually saying something to me in my twenties, but now, people feel absolutely entitled to brutally comment on my look because it's not motherly. And sometimes, I really tone it down, just to avoid confrontation, or more so, to avoid getting my kid uncomfortable just because "i look different". So, I can only imagine how it's gonna be later in life.
Fun video :) Thanks Mina! I do think there is a  perspective that wasn’t taken into consideration: for many woman over 60 (my mom and her friends in mind) who don’t particularly love shopping but have bought clothes they love during their lifetime, there is no need to keep on shopping. I wonder if perhaps they DO, for this reason, only represent a much smaller percentage of the market and that that is a factor in brands not investing resources into marketing for them.  From a business point of view, it would make sense. It wouldn’t be fair for the older women who still love shopping and don’t fit in their clothes as well anymore, but it would be a good argument.
I think you said something very important in the conclusion about distinguishing between feeling pressured by the society not to wear something because of your age, and not wearing it because you personally have outgrown it. I love the idea of our fashion choices reflecting our own growth and development. I'm 44 now and have no desire to wear what I used to wear when I was 20 - which actually would be fashionable now again :-) - not because I feel too old or ugly for it, but because it's not me any more. I'm not in the maiden stage of my life, don't feel like one, and don't want to dress like one - even though with all the freedom we have now I could. So I think it would be great to view fashion more in terms of who we have become than of how old we are. Btw, Mary Berry is an excellent example of wearing bright colors and being chic and playful, yet not childish. I missed Maye Musk in your video, love her style! 🙂
I don't understand how fashion, especially expensive fashion, is targeted to a group that is less likely to have the financial means to acquire it. Yes, that dress is going to look better on a 20 year old, but the 20 year old can't afford rent, let alone designer dresses (obviously some younger people know how to manage finances and have them, but it's not all).
My mother is 58 years old and she loves picking out outfits and trying new colors. But it pains me when she says the stores don't have anything interesting for her to wear due to her size and her ideas of what is appropriate to wear. It brings her down a lot.  I've also noticed how, at least my family circles, older women police each other's bodies and fashion in a mean way. They gossip about any older woman that dresses in a unique or stylish way. That's so discouraging.
I have favored what I lovingly call "grandma-core" clothing for a very long time and I can say for sure people have given me shit for it. Being alienated or called prude or expected to be uberconservative, sometimes even assumed to be infertile for some reason. Even just wearing clothes that are more stereotypically "old" while being in my teens and early twenties has given me some decent indication of the social distaste for older women
I turned 27 in October and completely understand what you are saying!
ads every five fucking minutes omg
I love older women (like women in their 80s) wearing a piece of bold jewelry and lipstick. it looks so classic… like big gold earrings and red lips. i think I’d feel more comfortable with this look when I’m 70 than now (mid 40s) and it’s something I can look forward to.
I love your voice.
The weird thing about concluding that older people don’t buy clothes or somehow aren’t a market is that the original teenagers of the 50s and 60s, who basically kickstarted the idea that youth have buying power are now seniors! The baby boomer generation is still a market/ force to be reckoned with in the economy so ignoring or not catering to them is silly. My grandparents buy way more clothes than me; not only because they have the expendable income to do so but also because they have an interest in fashion that started when they were young
i don’t get it…. What’s the point of mocking aging when everyone goes through it?
Fashion industry doesn't hate anyone as long as they have money to spend. Older women knows what works for them and stick to that. They are too wise to be influenced by some magazines.
I see what you're saying about Clinton Kelly's comment, which sounds somewhat like a condescending and manipulative way to dismiss the older crowd from fashion by acting like it's our idea, if you're cynical enough, but it's also got a distinct air of truth to it. I don't order a lot of fast fashion. It's often poorly constructed, made of materials that are not the most comfortable or long-lasting, and of course, there are the itchy ethics of supporting companies that don't give a fig about their workers or the environmental impact of their products. Trends pop up so fast, it's silly, and my body and personality have both filled out to a more mature and distinct shape; I'd rather choose what fits me and my tastes and if it happens to be trendy today, great, but I get compliments either way.
Im in my mid 30s Like you mentioned towards the end of your video, I also felt around 27-28 that I also no longer gravitated to silhouettes I constantly wore from 18-25. I wore skin tight clothes, and very small hemlines lol now I don’t feel comfortable showing that much of my body and can’t imagine how I ever did lol I feel a lot more confident now than I ever have at any point of my life. Even though I’m almost completely covered up all the time. Looking back on it now I realized when I was a young adult I was not really dressing for myself, but instead to get positive feedback from others and especially from guys. I started therapy around 26, and as I evolved and worked through issues I feel like my style changed as well. I’m not saying if you gravitate to shorter skirts and dresses you have any issues that need to be addressed, I just realized for myself it wasn’t genuine. Now I dress to make myself happy, and don’t really care about what’s “age appropriate”…I just care about what makes me feel pretty and confident.
The fact that women are considered "done contributing" after childbearing years is insane. We naturally live longer than men, possibly thanks to menopause! The grandmother hypothesis states that we developed menopause because experienced women, grandmothers, were integral to the survival of society and community and menopause allows us to live longer because the reproductive system is so demanding on the body.  We live in such a misogynistic society AHHH  As for crop tops for kids, im uncomfortable with it. Why? Because it's only for girls. Girls are also sold extremely short shorts compared to boys. It's all deliberately sexualizing.
Once you acknowledge that you can't win no matter what, haters gonna hate, it becomes so liberating. I think aging has really broke me free of giving a shit about so many things that I cared waaaay too much about when I was younger. I ain't perfect, I still worry about my body and my aging and how I look and how I function, but at the same time not enough to rob myself of the things I love, or to obsess over it. My focus has switched though to more about healthy body and mind as I age, and I fear loss of capability much more than loss of looks at this point. I also do recognize myself shifting in style a bit more lately feeling a smidge goofy in some of my much younger leaning outfits, but I love style and self expression, and yea feeling sexy and empowered so I don't really stop myself from wearing what I love. What I love always evolves and changes with my own aging and evolution and I like that too. Life's a journey and I agree that we need to just be more accepting in general of others and ourselves and let things unfold as they do, and F social BS that's been constructed merely for the gain of consumeristic profit. Let's face it, if we all felt socially accepted as we are, we'd be buying a hell of a lot less shit.
so as a 37 year old (also in September tho so sorry you give me Virgo vibes...if you're a Libra forgive me fellow Libra haha)  anyway! as i have aged i have felt that some styles just don't work for me anymore, i attribute that mainly to taste. my tastes have changed so much since i was 18, 21,25, hell even 30. there are still things i love! i love mini skirts, and belts, and crop tops, as well as oversized overshirts, cardigans and jackets.   i think for me, part of this stems that my mother is a legit fashion icon ) seriously she has more followers than i do on instagram lol, and my grandmothers were icons in their own rights. i knew they were "old" due to age but their fashion was never that. sure i might give up the mini skirts one day but maybe not i have great legs.  i do think clinton was speaking about running out and buying every new trend rather than avoiding them all together which i do agree as we age we don't adopt every trend. im perfectly happy with not getting into cores but my 58 year old mother dives into trends (all the while doing it secondhand) all the time so it depends on the person!  i dunno i like aging tho i am having a hard time because of the pressure to botox the living shit outta your face at the trace of a wrinkle. when you're au naturel you sometimes stand out....meh whatever!
The answer is to just not give a crap what other people decide looks good on you, and wear what you like and feel confident in. I haven't been thin since I was a kid, and now I'm entering my 40's so I'm doubling up on "you can't wear that" and like...I just don't care? lol Street fashion is boring to me anyway, I'd rather dress like a forest faerie.
It’s funny, you talking about thinking certain styles / lengths aren’t for you anymore. I’m 29, and I still wear mini skirts. Goth clothes I’ve had since I was a teen and other such things. I’ve never felt like oh I’m too old for this.   I still wear hot pink, plaid skirts, pastel fluffy skirts etc   But I think that’s to do with my upbringing.   My mum is super fashionable and has always had a strong style. She loves bright colours and patterns and doesn’t give a fuck wearing those things. She is just so bubbly and happy and her clothes both reflect that and help her feel that.   She does look younger than her age, she’s 59 and most people think she’s in her 40’s and I wonder if her clothes play a role in that.   She hasn’t really influenced my style other than the bright colours and give no fucks attitude as I am more goth/punk/rockabilly. I also wear a heck of a lot of other styles. I love to mix and match and hate wearing similar things all the time (unless it’s sportsball season then I am in jerseys and the like)
I still wear short skirts and thigh-high boots.  Why should I hide my great, slender legs?  They look better than 99% of American teenagers’, 20s and 30s year-old women.  Age 63.
How stupid it is that apparel brands direct all their marketing towards teens and 20-year olds, it’s us “mature” ladies who have the money to spend on beautiful, high-quality clothes and accessories.
I couldn’t care less whether I look my age (63) or not.  But, I don’t shop at those mature brands, the fits are ridiculous and the cuts, patterns and colors are super-ugly.  The hips and thighs are twice as big around as those of my body and all the tops and sweaters are that frumpy tunic-length.  And those childish novelty prints!  No thanks.  Plus, they only use crappy plastic materials
whenever i question if i should be trying to dress my age i think of Baddie Winkle. she's iconic
Charlotte Rampling, Isabella Rossellini, Monica Bellucci, Catherine Deneuve, the Indian actress Rekha and the Chines actress Gong Li and Maggie Cheung are all over 50, still look amazing and are all considered style icons in their own right.  I think there is a huge differnce in how older women are perceived in Europe and Asia than in North America.
I'm rewatching some old TV series now and you clearly can see the difference between modern ones in terms of how old the cast is. Won't see it nowadays
I think I learned a lot in my teens about building a good set of neutral basics into my wardrobe, but I definitely restricted the outfit creativity over time.  We should all just have quality clothes that work for us every day and make us happy - screw any norms outside of that.
ever since i was a kid ive always thought older women had a beautiful aura and flair to hem that can only be achieved through well, living life and getting older. the fashion inudustry is bullshit
Can't feel excluded from fashion for aging if you're fat and already excluded from any clothes that fit properly 😑
On the actor portion, even when we do see older women in movies(super rare) they are almost always in their 80s. Theres very little halfway point present too. 50 is a practically non existent age too
Wonderful content, Mina! Bravo 🥰✨
I can strongly recommend following Iris Apfel, 102 years(!), Trinny Woodall 59 years, and Carla Rockmore 56 years. They have fantastic sense of style, and plays around with it to suit their style.👌🤩
I love that many young girls today, want the Beachside Beige Rich Older Woman look, complete with a beach house and money and freedom, rather than choosing Logo Explotion that only promotes the Brand and Not You,  and I loved the series of AHS, because the costuming, it was always so great, everyone has their own fav look and season
I would love to hear from other women when they started feeling a pressure to "dress their age." for me it started probably when I turned 21!! it's so upsetting because up until then you really feel unbounded for choices in fashion and then suddenly there's this stupid little voice in your head screaming that you're too old for crop tops.
As a 70 year old who has personally (from childhood on) chosen comfort over fashion I still love fashion and appreciate that a style or garment that makes you feel beautiful is important.  Adornment is a natural human activity and if it gives you an emotional boost do what you like.
A lot of these fashion designers should lean into granny chic bc a lot of the recession fashion we see now heavily suits grannies
Great video!! Societal disdain for older women isn’t just because they’ve “passed their window of value” by aging out of reproductive viability, it’s also a psyop by the patriarchy to make younger women discount and ignore wisdom and advice older women may have for them. By isolating women to their generation for fear of aging, we’re cut off from seeing the potential we have for passion, creativity, hard work and so much more as we age. Women don’t DIE and shuffle around being useless for anything but mothering after 40, but the patriarchy would like us to think so, because how else will it keep us passively consuming anti-aging treatments instead of forming solidarity with other women? In older times, the hag/crone/witch figure out to steal the maiden’s youth was most likely rooted in the real-world dynamic of young women going to older midwives and herbal women for medical treatment, away from the eyes of men. They can’t stand the idea of older women teaching younger women about their own bodily autonomy, because that makes us harder to control (specifically in regards to reproduction.) Valuing older women in society is essential feminist praxis
I also hate older women🖐
Mina casually dropping a mash-up of Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility😂
Thanks for your work ❤😊
In muslims country hejab is so diverse they wear it in so many different wayss and they make it fashionable
I'm 30 seconds in but like fuck I love old ladies they are so cool (I actually fear middle age more than I fear old age) (george IV lol, what an absolute king)
If I'm feeling out of place approaching 30, I can't imagine at 60. I hope I won't care about bs opinions at that point.
Will the society ever find the sweet spot between not judging people for what they wear no matter their age, whether they want to look stylish or be comfortable, and not making older/shorter/fatter women feel like they can’t look attractive or stylish because they don’t look like the women who model these clothes?
34:58 that's mori kei! didn't know it was lumped withh "granny aesthetics" now haha.
I *love* your thin, 1930s eyebrows. My eyebrows are naturally sparse so I’ve been wearing mine like that since the 90s. 😉
Decade after decade we’ve been bombarded with countless articles and now, online ads, about how women should dress and wear their hair at every age from our 20s through our 70s. Apparently, after 80, women disappear entirely.   We never, EVER see articles and ads about men dressing age appropriately, even in men’s magazines like GQ and Esquire. They give advice about proper pant-leg lengths, grooming, and what color shoes to wear with what suit, but *never* age-appropriate attire.  I remember being in my early to mid 30s wondering whether I was supposed to change how I dressed and whether or not it was ‘inappropriate’ for me to still go out dancing in nightclubs. I couldn’t for the life of me figure it out. I eventually quit worrying about it. Looking back, I see how f*cking ridiculous the whole idea really is.   I’m almost 60 and still struggling with how society sees me as I age. Especially since I was always seen as a “hottie”. It’s funny, but I would never have admitted that when I was younger; I thought I should value modesty and humility. What a waste. 😅  I stopped coloring my almost-white hair four years ago and have never used Botox or had anything lifted, nipped, tucked, sucked, implanted, or injected. My mother and grandmother were 100% natural and so am I. I’m very proud of that, to be honest. My goal is simply to continue eating right, exercising, being me, doing me, and taking care of myself, mind, body, and soul. ❤  Thank you for this video and confirmation that a lot of what we, as women, feel about ourselves is bullsh*t fed us by a still male-dominated, male-centric society. 🥰
1:01 what movie is this?
It'll be interesting to see how things change with the internet. My generation is already 30s-40s and we've spent most of our lives online. We're already seeing women in their 50s and 60s+, find space within beauty and fashion through social media. I only see that increasing. Same with the 90s supermodels still walking the runway and embracing social media. We'll see the models of today age on the catwalk. Just as we're seeing celebrities age in the spotlight now. I'm not sure if it'll be a good thing or not. We'll have more representation, but I can only imagine, it will also push consumerism and trends on a once "invisible" market. But who knows, my generation is also large and has a lot of buying power. Stores are already catering towards our needs, like H&M did when they opened & Other Stories... I highly doubt my generation will embrace natural aging though.
Older women don’t give a d*mn. Fashion hasn’t been “fashioning” for over 20 years. We haven’t seen true changes in fashion mode since the 80s, or, if we’re being generous, the 90s.   The fashion world has only been repeating itself and not in a good way. Today, it’s all about money, brands, and celebrity. It’s no wonder so many people have embraced vintage fashion and are dressing and doing their makeup and hair in 30s, 40s, and 50s styles.  Lots of women of style, older and younger, are buying vintage and making our own clothes. 🧵🪡
"Older women don't buy clothes"  I was poor when young, I will totally buy clothes when I will be older because I will have more money
I turned 31 last month, and there were a couple of pieces I had in my closet that went away even thouth they are in style, just because I don't feel confortable in them anymore. For example, I lived my teens and 20's either mini skirts, but since a couple years ago I started feeling unconfortable in mini skirts and slowly shifted to under the knee or longer skirts, and that suits me (the genetics helped with long legs). I moved last month and simply got rid of the remaining mini skirts I still had because I didn't reach for them anymore. The thing there are some clothes you stop wearing because your life changes and a tight mini skirt is cool to go out with your friends in your 20's, but not so practical to chase around a baby in your 30's
i love your video essays mina
Great work! Age is unavoidable... standards of beauty are intrinsically unattainable and unsustainable. True beauty comes from health, both physical and mental. No device can override that.
not related to the topic of the video, but your hairstyle slays! 😍
Armedangels, a German fair fashion brand, used some older models for their current collection and they look fabulous. Unfortunately, most of the models are also rocking that heroin chic body we love to hate..
I sometimes see older people who are hip as hell (I resist temptation of asking where they buy their awesome stuff), and then I remember that I'm 35 XD Never giving up on rainbow loafers and cat-printed scarves. They're part of me forever)
The term ‘mutton dressed as lamb’ has always really upset me. There is no equivalent for men
i always was kind of scared about what i could wear as i old because much of the older people i knew came from actual post war age and most of them dressed in kind of mourning attire, specially women. now that im actually older and i understand that the context of our living can also determine what you wear im excited to see what our generation will look like as oldies! im specially fond of thinking about the quantity of old people full of tattoos that we'll be hahahaha
loved this video, only thing is that moko was pronounced incorrectly. its not really an "O" sound like you would pronounce the letter. Its not really a big deal though! maybe you could look up the pronunciation so you know for next time, it was nice to be mentioned either way, I love all of your videos! <3
My mum has asked me if something she likes is too "mutton dressed as lamb" when trying on clothes since since she was in her late forties (and I was a teenager). You'd see it in UK tabloids all the time growing up
the Vogue cover of the 106-year-old Philippino tattoo artist Whang-od Oggay/Maria Oggay, was stunning. She is so cool! I wish I was half as cool as her
That blouse is gorgeous 🥹🫶
I wish we as a society would just stop getting into women’s (actually all people afab) business and instead mind our own. Why do we even care how other people dress or how they style themselves?
Ahaha, if I (in my 40s) wore granny chic I would be cast as looking like a classic 'old frump' rather than cool or hip. Right now, it is very hard to find clothing that doesn't make me feel like I am trying too hard, but also not too 'classic.' Made exponentially more difficult with the lack of plus sized options. Mostly I ignore 'current' fashion and go with 'alternative' styles that already stick out, because then I can feel like it is definitely my choice and it won't fit in anyway.
I just can't get enough of your squarespace ad dress ❤❤❤❤❤
Everytime said spinster I just heard Bridget Jones, also I’m INLOVE with the outfit n makeup in the sponsor part of the vid 😍 Personally I like block colours with the patterns in the layers and shaping and design in the fabric not in the colours (if that makes sense dont know if I explained it well)
" The biggest enemies of women in society is other women who are either jealous or just accustomed in rheir way of life." > Anonymous.
this is my favourite video of yours that you've done recently. i really love the focus on older women and their style, as it's something i've given a lot of thought to recently
mina le you can wear anything. first of all, you look twenty, second of all, you rock absolutely everything. don't limit yourself ever
It has nothing to do with the video but your whole styling is AWESOME!!✨
Brilliant as always! 🌸
My great grandma was a tradotional slavic babuška with head scarf and apron and all that but my grandma shops in the same stores I do, just more comfy and classic. Fashion changes but older people want to be warm, comfy, classy and good materials.
Nice video. But I think this all debate need some important perspective : most people are not that interested by trends and fashion. If you leave social media and go on the streets, at your work place, at the different stores, etc, you'll see that very fashionable people are quite rare, especially if you are not living in a major and big city. And the more you aged, the more you just stop caring about looking nice in discomfortable clothing. Because let's be honest... crop tops with multiple laces all over and very high heels are clearly not comfortable.  Someone who will care about its appearance will mostly care about how people can perceive them. Looking young isn't always desirable and I learn it in my work. I look young, I look early twenty even if I'm older than 30. And people don't take me seriously because of it and sometimes it is important to play the part even if I shouldn't have to so I will dress in a way I look older. Fashion can sometimes help with that and be a playfull way to .... have it your way ! Looking young will only help you if you work in a very specific industry based on image or if you want to date creepy guys for whom it will matter...
Not just the fashion industry, EVERYONE hates (or at least ignores) older women. Female youth is celebrated everywhere.
Sunscreen, keto and lipo
29:39 why are women the only ones encouraged to cover their faces to work on themselves?
I remember when I was in high school, my mom had bought me a really cute longer blue skirt. I was so happy to wear it. Got to school, the other kids laughed at me, telling me I looked like a teacher. I never wore that skirt again. Fast forward a decade and I buy a longer pencil skirt made of jeans fabric, very comfy, very long. I considered taking it in to knee length but then I looked at it and was like “no I like that it’s a longer jeans pencil skirt it adds to it” and now all my shorter skirts are banished to the Shadowrealm because I realized I like long flowy skirts way better than shorter “sexier” ones. So what if I look like an old biddy? I am a damn comfortable old biddy!
Very well made and highly enjoyable. I actually love a lot of the older women wearing whatever they want on Instagram, it brings me so much joy! I think something that should be offered across the board that would also be good for older women, is adjustable clothing. I am so jealous that my kiddos have adjustable waistbands in their jeans, but women's clothes do not. Things like wrap dresses and skirts are both fun and practical for the changing body and I don't see them as "old".
You know, I tend to disagree a little about brands not realising that older women are a market. It is definitely a market in Germany. I live in a smaller town near Cologne, and in most stores in this town the clothes are mostly catered towards older women and also cost a lot! And I noticed that because in Ukraine where I'm from older women look different: you can sense the Soviet 80s-90s style in their clothes or hairstyle. It's either that or a formless flowery dressing gown that you can buy on every local market. So I truly felt that  our old ladies are unfortunately left out of fashion, but here in Germany they actually have their own established niche. Oh and don't get me started on beautiful dashing older Italian women. They are icons🔥
The clothing store Lindex in sweden just recently came out with a menopause clothing line, that's kinda cool I think,  and practical..one moment you are cold, the next boiling hot, for what I heard..hopefully I still have a few years left...Still being a spinster tho.
All this is very interesting to me, because I feel like at 41, I'm finally starting to hit my stride fashion wise 🤷🏾‍♀️👗💅👠
Love your videos (especially the historical ones) and I have a video request. WOMEN HORSE-RIDERS FASHION: THE MASCULINE, THE FEMININE AND THE REALLY UNSAFE. I am currently writing a thesis on Victorian masculinity and horse-riding (in literature, not fashion), and I came across an article titled “Elegant Amazons: Victorian Riding Habits and the Fashionable Horsewoman.” And they said something that should have been obvious to me but I had never considered it. Women at the time rode side-saddle because their skirts (and good ol fashioned propriety) did not allow them to sit astride like a normal person. Apparently this was dangerous, not only because this position is not so stable (see what I did there?) but because the skirt could get caught in the saddle or the horse's legs, and the woman could get dragged behind a running steed. Consequently, Victorian riding garments for women became of of the most complex forms of attire to sew and wear. There is also a disscussion of the subversiveness of these clothes, which meshed masculine elements into the dress. Super interesting Now I know that bikes gave rise to bloomers' fashion and generally opened the way for respectable women to wear pants, but this article made me really intrigued about the wole issue and I would love a video, because this is super interesting but really outside the scope of my own research.  Here is a citation for the article I mentioned: David, Alison Matthews. “Elegant Amazons: Victorian Riding Habits and the Fashionable Horsewoman.” Victorian Literature and Culture, vol. 30, no. 1, 2002, pp. 179–210.
They want the older woman to be a widow. In 1700 the widow was safer than the spinster because she had been married, often had kids, and was positioned as vulnerable. Widows were, of course, either supposed to remarry or to continue mourning their husband and reject worldly things so... black and white. Lack of skin. Austere. Etc.  And yes anachronism is a classic way to look "dated" but its real. I think dressing as you used to 20 years ago creates a dissonance because we're used to seeing young people in those clothes. And let's face it, even by my mid 30s I hate most of what's in stores because the hem line is too high and uncomfortable, the crop tops are draughty and uncomfortable in colder climbs, not many of these styles (let alone fabrics) actually suit me, etc and I don't have time to relearn how to dress myself based on these new fashions. So I look like I walked out of the 2010s, and I'm wearing clothes which are way too old. And I'm not even old yet.
What movie is that at 1:00?  how old are you? 13. "well im an old soul" lol reminds me of being young w all the old creepy dudes whod ask
Great video! But may I ask, what lipstick are you wearing? It's gorgeous
Davis and Crawford were in their 50s when they made Baby Jane!
Mina, you amaze me with how easily you can change your looks and pull this off so well.  It does take a mature woman longer to look good - hair, makeup and clothes - but it is achievable. The truth is, I think most people regardless of age dress very poorly and it's not about lack of money.
I think it's kinda scary how sometimes society perceives even women in their 30s as old.  My roommate is a victim of this, she's 29 and decided that she can't wear skirts that are too short and doesn't wear skirts or shorts in summer because according to her "it is very childish-teenager to have bare legs" so she wears them only in winter with stockings. Of course, she judges other women who wear what she deems inappropriate for their age.  What are we supposed to do, be stylish for a decade of our lives and then spend the next 60 years wearing colorless clothes and covering our bodies?
this video comes at such a good time because a lot of my sims are aging up to elders and i’m questioning how i dress them. like i’m swapping the trendy clothes for modest knitwear, flat shoes, and long skirts and sleeves
Mina Le always makes a great mini doc with historical references and images. My opinion is that whether you prefer granny-core, body-con, religious-required attire or any style, you do you. I have been told (by 98.8% of my in-laws so take that however you wish😉) that I dress too young.  My usual go to is dark wash or black jeans, black boots, loose tops layered over a form fitting long sleeve opaque tee shirt with the only visible skin being my wrists, hands, upper neck area and head. Perhaps just me, but I suspect that these 98.8% opinions are more relevant to the fashion of the ones who criticize, not the fashion of the object (aka me) of their criticism. 😂 Not marketing to an older demo may actually be lowering the profitability of a brand. Forgetting individualism, human rights or free choice, I would ask all brands (from fast fashion to haute couture) are you making that much money that you can exclude any demo?
I started having this battle after 25  I'm 28 now and feel like I've found a good balance but for a long time the womans section looked "too old" and the juniors section looked "too young". The struggle is real sometimes.
You look sooo beautiful with this hairstyle
<3
This is why I love people like Iris Apfel - no fucks given!
Maybe it is bc I was an overweight kid and always had big breasts but I never fit into the "teen fashion" thing. I couldn't wear cute tops and shorts, didn't have money for branded shoes and hoodies, etc. I had to wear my moms clothes bc regular kids clothes didn't fit me and it made me even more insecure. Now that I am 30, no kids, all the money to myself and HAPPY with my body and style I wear whatever I want and people keep telling me I look cool and that my style is so good bc they could never wear wide leg jeans and a crop top??
Babe wake up Mina Le just dropped a new video
Almost as much as it hates fat women LOL
I hate seeing comments saying “I’m 28 or I’m 30 so I get this!” I want to hear actual older women’s point of views of this. Hell I’m 28, but I’m not taking up their space!
Clothes manufacturers and the fashion industry in general don't like older women because we grew up wearing classy, well-made garments that we often made ourselves. We knew about fabrics, and draping, and seam allowances. We could take up or let down a hem. Most of these skills are all but lost now.  Modern clothes are poorly made, mass produced, expensive, synthetic rubbish. Few people look good in them without the aid of a talented photographer and a strong dose of Photoshop. So older women (and anyone else who doesn't fit the mold) are made to feel inadequate, because we might call their bluff.  I'm 70, I've always had my own style. Today it's jeans, a hot pink sweater, and a floral scarf. I feel good, and I'm comfortable. I don't give a flying f*ck if anyone thinks I dress my age or not.  Great video btw, excellent research, well presented.
As someone who just turned 30 this year, I definitely took a few beats when it came to the stuff I now wanna wear. “Am I too old for this fluffy backpack purse?”, “am I too old to wear the y2k fashions I wasn’t allowed to wear back then” Etc. Then I thought to myself, fuck it, I feel good and I feel like I look good. I hope I can continue that mindset into my 40s, 50s and so on.
I am 5’1 135 lbs  32 DDD (32F) curvy… I can go from pamela Anderson to matronly woman with the wrong top or dress soooo quickly.   One time I was trying to dress classy while on a dinner date with my sister who is 4 years younger than me but has A cup, 120lbs and 5’4  … well some lady asked if I was her mom.   IM 4 years older than her!!   I was soo traumatized that is how people perceive my age if I dress “classy”  like it’s soo hard to balance formality when you are short and curvy!! Anyway  I now don’t strive for classy but instead sleek and sexy
I loved this video, so so much. As a young girl, I didn't want to dress in the fashions of my day, and so I liked what people outside of my age range wore. And I kinda still do, even though my tastes are changing as I age somewhat. I always like to look at historical fashion, or what the Golden Girls wear, people i know, or even that beautiful top you're wearing! Some things are just timeless. (Also I used to shop at Stage- which to me was more like a granny store even though they had junior clothes! Unfortunately, they closed in my area.) Now we have "old hag fashion," and I love it. This is covered as "granny chic" in your video.
I love your videos and podcast and this was such an interesting video! Also your fit and hair was such a slay today! Also the editing was really great, it really engaged my rat brain haha
I'm looking forward to getting old. white and grey hair is very cool and I already dress like an old person
28:28 “sais” is pronounced like say, not “suh”
Watching golden girls since I was a child always gave me hope to grow up and be Blanche
off topic but i just want to say I LOVE the way you did your hair for this video, it looks so dreamy
Today is my birthday and Mina posted best birthday gift ever 😊
Not that long ago they’d have 15 year olds walking down runways for brands for “mature” women like Chanel. I remember Gemma Ward being super successful in her early teens walking for these kinds of designer brands that make clothes mainly for women 35+. Then she hit 21, gained a few pounds the way we all do when we stop being pubescent and suddenly the media was bullying her for gaining weight. Weird times
Imagine a world where everyone felt free to dress based on things like aesthetic, occasion, or just what feels good, (within reason of course). A world where anyone could taylor those clothes to fit properly. And age had little to do with it beyond the sophistication that comes with it.   Could happen, some day
Girlll, you look incredible! You are clearly a bright winter. Those beige colors are washing you off
Girl you are like 27/100. If you were a phone battery ud be a tell tale sign of of youthful recklessness
The woman in the picture of the Beaufort Bonnet Company crop top image appears to be wearing Lilly Pulitzer. That looks like a Janice dress which is 35 inches shoulder to hem - it's short. Lilly Pulitzer's customer base seems to be about 40-60 years old and has bold patterns, bright colors, short hemlines, ruffles, and plenty of items that show arms/shoulders/collarbone. These clothes will make you the opposite of invisible no matter your age. There are some niche brands out there going against the "rules" for middle age and older women, it's just a matter of finding them and other people who wear the stuff.  I'm 44 practically everything I own is Lilly Pulitzer, the items don't feel too young but don't feel old either. At least they don't feel old in a bad way. Also these rules don't take a person's style essence into account. All my skirts and dresses are above my knees because that's what looks good on my height and with my style essence. If anybody thinks it looks weird, that's not my problem. But it certainly doesn't look weird in Florida where people of all ages are showing their arms  and shoulders.
I was talking about this to my family and friends recently. About how after I passed 26 things have just changed in the way I view aging I guess. It is crazy how the beauty world and the beauty standards in our society, what is imposed as what’s beauty inside fashion and pop culture industry (today it is fashion, kpop, pop music, television, cinema, internet, social media, etc.) revolves around children. The kpop girlies are getting younger by the day, and so are the models. We’ve been seeing this for decades. It’s concerning. There’s a hole social and moral debate behind it as well. But it’s crazy how these young girls dictate how we should aim to look! And till I turned 27, I didn’t seem to see this so blatantly spread across my face haha. Because I was within the age were you’re valued as sexually available I guess. But I’ve understood that you still exist after your peak of youth. And that what you look like depends a lot on your understanding and acceptance of your own body and the way you manipulate your looks to your liking (please do it healthy). Young people these days seem to think you die after trirty, imagine forty! I’ll get there honey, If I can in  boots and mini skirts 💅
the only thing funnier than the archaic concept of being called a ‘spinster’ is that if you are 26 and still an unmarried woman, you age out of being a ‘spinster’ and get the glorious title of ‘thornback’.
I'm 34yo and have always LOVED seeing older women expressing themselves through clothing, makeup, hair, etc. Helen Miren is killing it lately, love it, and Haus Labs using older people in their campaigns is gorgeous.
Fear of aging killed my grandmother. My grandmother, who was admittedly an EXTREMELY vain woman, was absolutely terrified of aging. She had cancer and was given a medical report with bad news. Her husband suddenly got so excited and hopeful, pointing at the paper saying, "It isn't you! It's a completely different birthday!" She got a bit pissy and snatched the paper away saying "No, it's right." They had been married 15 years! And she was more upset that he had found out her age than finding out she had months left....
Ha, I see that 0:30 Down With Love clip, love that movie XD This is so real tho, as soon as I turned 28, I looked at my mini skirts (and I only had 3 to begin with) and was like 'Oh, I don't like the length of this anymore, why do my knees look weird, this feels too short...' and so I got rid of two of them and only wear the remaining pair with tights, never with bare legs. :/
Older woman here and super happy to hear about how stupid the fashion industry is about me. I am plus sized and long ago gave up most commercial clothing. I make most of mine now which is super privileged but it means I have what I want. Leggings, long skirts and some kind of tshirt or blouse or sweater. Me: super happy.
So much positivity in this vid!👏🏼 Thanks Mina Lee for always bringing up the real talk.
So glad I've never cared about fashion trends.
Mina, can you please share your thoughts and research on women’s shoes, like foot binding and extreme heels?
Gotta look a lil sad 😂😂😂
OMG I was just at Targét women's secrion..i rarely ship Target cuz I just don't vibe with their styles and looking thru the women's coats and sweaters it was row after row of vomit shades of brown and beige like wtf. Not a drop of color to be had. Black & white or black and cream if you wanted to be "striking". Whole experience pissed me off
As a Gen X woman, I can testify that the door leading to fashion without ageism that was slightly opened by Boomers is being kicked down completely by my fellow Gen Xers donned in our Doc Martens. Most of us give zero f*cks about what people say we should wear & not wear. We haven't really listened to that for most of our lives & we are probably not going to start now. Besides, fashion should be fun... & how you define fun is your own business.
This stems away from the subject of the video but I just had to comment about it. The topic of bindi is so interesting to me because wearing a bindi also differs based on regions (and caste) in South Asia. As someone who grew up in a South Indian family in southern India, the bindi was also to be worn by children right from infancy. But, when I moved back to North India during my early tween years- my wearing a Bindi was questioned by the adults around me, as over there, it was considered something worn only by married women. (Lol, my younger self at the time was pretty stunned that I, a child had to explain 'culture' to the grownups. This was back in the early 2010s when I guess South Indian culture was still not in reach to the northern part of the country. Honestly, it still is not, but the margins are better than what was the case back then). The tradition of wearing a bindi, or a type of it, is way more intricate than one would assume.
I TRY TO TELL MY FRIENDS THIS AND THEY DONT BELIEVE ME 😭😭😭I’m gonna send this video cause I’m tired of trying to explain myself
I’d also say Vera Wang is an older woman fashion icon. She doesn’t seem to be limiting herself at all in her 70s!
I’m obsessed with Helen Mirren. She is soooo beautiful to me.
I'm 36 and I dress younger now than I ever have before just because it has taken me this long to feel safe revealing more when I'm outside my house/a sleepover. Shedding the textiles along with the shame of purity culture and embracing my beauty in the light has been a form of liberation. I love seeing women 30+ , 40+, even 60+ rocking crop tops in new shows because it shows me that I am not alone in tossing the rule book with no more Fks given. My style has always been eclectic and by now I realize I am always going to piss off some.
52 I live in LLL's and sneakers. I rock them too. I stopped dying my hair when I hit 50 and I don't use Anti Aging skincare either. So what if it really does make me look 10 years  younger - thats 42 - still "Old"   I dress for my lifestyle. I do Pilates every day walk several kilometers for fun , and  gear up to play along with my favourite videogame streamers every other week.  In Platos republic at the intro two youths ask Aristophenes what it's like being too old to have 53X the reply: Ask me not if I miss 53X, one might ask a  slave if it misses a vile and rabid master"
If older women weren’t a market, Winners and Marshalls would not be opening in every corner of any city or suburb.
The thing about "appropriate" colors is interesting to me because in the US, it is expected that older people will wear duller or less flashy colors, but in other places sometimes older people wear MORE colors. In Korea I think that clashing colors and colorful patterns were more commonly worn by elderly people in my city, especially women. Younger people tend to wear neutrals/pastels and no patterns!  I'm also glad that most of the black women I've grown up with have no qualms about still being flashy and fashionable as they get older. Maybe already existing outside the confines of ideal white femininity contributes to that. My mom is past 50 and dresses "younger" than I do lol
heres a topic to explore: when did we stop being naked?
I'm 25 and overweight, 160 pounds at 5'1 n since gaining 20 pounds guys stopped looking at me and it feels very disheartening
66 and proud to be a crone. I am a large woman with an earth mother figure. If that's matronly idgaf. I love your well researched videos. Girl power!
Omg I looooved this style of video <3
Many years ago Barbra Streisand was asked what she was wearing. She responded, oh I don’t care. I wear elastic waist comfy pants.
I remember turning 40 and being relieved to feel like I could obsess about my looks less, it felt freeing.  Then I turned 50 and distinctly remember worrying about becoming invisible.  My beautiful mother is 90 and I have seen people act as though she didn't even exist.  It is disheartening how obsessed with youth our culture has become.
I got a Botox ad at the 7 minute mark
TBH I have a theory that I have never been able to prove tha modern women tend to dress in the fashion shapes of the decade that they were more comfortable and happy  as adults, I'm guessing it's the decade/years they have time to look for a style that fits them and their livestyles. My great grandmother dressed in 30s jackets/skirts (around the age her children started school) and grandma dressed in 50s sweaters and skirts, mom as well dresses in late 80s, early 90s shapes (around the time I started school and didn't need constant attention) but since Millenial fashion has changed but not as distinctly, I could guess millenial women in their early 40s are dressing following this trend but are not as obvious?
I'm 40 years old and a part of alternative subcultures and I can tell you that you'll have to PRIZE that green hair dye, leather jacket and fishnets out of my black-nail-polished fingers until the day I die (and even then, I'll probably be buried in them, ahahaha!) 🤣
Im 46. When i go out people say you look really young.  I get carded still. Sometimes people ask me my age.  I don't want to tell them because i see visible confusion upon the asker and then they want to talk about it more.  Either complimenting or making a rude agesist comment.  Then they start treating me differently than they did previously.  Why the sudden change? And if you say you don't want to talk about your age they keep pressing. Why is it such a big deal?
Me being 31 and and having a 20 year old ask me what my skin care routine is bc I look "young for my age" really put into perspective how people think of women past their twenties.
I think we don't talk enough about the fact that sperm gets old. That's right, men age out of parenthood too! Sure, they can father children until their last breath, but the chances of illness and disorders in a child increase with age.
1. I liked the stand-up presentation.  2. Gave me a heart attack when the screen when grey cause i thought my phone broke 😅
Yass MLU (mina le university)
I'm always obsessed with your looks, I will follow u 4 lyfe just to see how your style changes throughout your life too (and also because your videos are always interesting too of course). I've always appreciated the period pieces, and you make me want to get my blouses back out that I have saved from my brief sweet lolita period 10 years ago. Like every single video I think "dang, thats the best outfit yet".   I just really dig your style always and hope you find this comment well. I always appreciate hearing your analyses on these topics and always leave your videos having learned something new. Thanks for sharing your passion with us and for being always uniquely you!
I am 47 and my peers and I constantly have discussions over what make-up/clothingnis "ok".  Feeling ashamed of aging, seeing ourselves become invisible - especially with men.    Our opinions are annoying.  Even hiding our pets, if they are cats because being older and having a cat or cats is social/dating suicide.  We live in a very pedo-friendly society.  Men love their peers until a certain birthday and then they tjink they deserve their daughters.
Since I've hit menopause, I understand the coastal grandmother look of cotton sweaters, linen drawstring pants, loose fitting breathable shirts, canvas tennis shoes.  If hot flashes are making you feel like your whole body is on fire, you don't want close-fitting, non-breathable fabrics near your skin.  The first time I realized I was having a hot flash, I was at work in a polyester, long sleeved shirt dress with a blazer over it.  I struggled to breathe and could feel sweat pouring a river down my neck, back, and under my arms and sides.  I went home and stripped all of those synthetic-fiber fast fashion items out of my closet and took them to Goodwill.  It's not just vanity.  There are medical reasons why older women won't want to be wearing that stuff.
I was so nervous when you got to the hijab, being a teenager who wears one, but you represented it perfectly. Thank you.
I have always loved makeup and colorful clothing,  but after my mid-thirties found myself shifting towards neutrals and barely there makeup, to the point where getting ready stopped being enjoyable. 😢 After a few years of this "fading into the background" I finally decided  - screw this. It doesn't hurt anyone and it gives me joy  - so I am going to do it!  Now at almost 50 I wear colorful eyeshadow and bright lipstick and all my favorite colorful clothes!  😍  You do you everyone!
Off topic, but I love your hair!
fun fact: people can't belived me when i say that to me the most beautiful actresses are cate blanchett and charlize theron because they are old and they look old....
16:25 it's so weird that this is been said now because as a 90s child I remember vividly wearing cropped tops all the time. My grandmother always scoulded at me for wearing them and showing skin, while my mother just didn’t care
Turned 52 recently. During the initial stages of the pandemic, I grew out my hair from very very short to the longest it's been since junior high.  The first time my mom saw me with my long flowing tresses, she commented "you know, women of a certain age..." and didn't finish the sentence.  I promptly became emotionally thirteen and swore I would never cut my hair again. (Not true, obviously.  I'm getting regular trims to keep my ends healthy). Unfortunately, not all societal expectations come from the media.
❤❤❤
Sometimes it isn't about aging out of a style, it's about your style just evolving and it happening to coincide with an age milestone. As a 42 year old women, I don't give a flying flip what anyone thinks about my clothes. If I like them and I'm comfortable in them, it's none of anyone else's business and they can keep their opinions to themselves.
Granny chic is just another trend of bodies making the fashion. Things look ‘ aesthetic ‘ on aesthetic bodies (whatever that means) but that stuffs not gonna look cute on you (so says society-this isn’t my opinion) if your body is what’s being labeled matronly, regardless of age. To have a matronly frumpy body is different than sad, skinny minnie 20 something’s worried about looking “old” when your shape is what they fear age will plague them with.🙄
Been following and watching your videos for a long time now, as well as enjoying listening to your podcasts! Very happy to have found your channel that focuses on fashion and how in depth you go with them 🖤!    Man... I wish to see more older women just wear whatever they really want without the ageist, anti fat and misogynistic judgements. Everyone should get to look as cool and fashionable as they want and shouldn't get gatekept from doing so. I'm a 20 something that also loves to wear what is considered granny/grandpa fashion but with a mostly goth twist. Kinda reminds me of 90s grunge fashion a bit too. The fashion industry definitely has issues that need to be addressed more and the anti age or ageism is definitely one them. Glad you decided to make a video on it!
Another older woman here, I regularly have to remind myself to tell the voices of internalised conditioning to fuck right off, I'll wear what I like - I was punk ffs!!!
I'm in my early 30s. I've always had a bigger waist, that's morphed into PCOS belly. The biggest age related clothing liberation for me has been maternity clothes. When I'm not pregnant, I have to work really hard to find clothes that emphasize my waistline and not my belly, because it is exhausting to have to deal with assumptions about being pregnant when I'm not. But when I AM pregnant, suddenly I don't have to care anymore. This thing I spend all of my time trying to de-emphasize becomes the center point of my body and it's the best thing in the world. I don't have to worry about digging in waistlines in maternity pants. The bellies are stretchy! Rouched t-shirts look so nice on me.   The one ick thing is coats (they're so expensive for cheap quality). But it's so nice to just have permission to be big. People get excited about me being big. With all the negative body things that come with pregnancy, it's really nice the have some relief.
I'm 22 and I've had grey hair since I was 13. It's never really bothered me. I'm sure by the time I'm 30 I will have a full head of grey hair and I will embrace it. I never really understood why aging is viewed as such a bad thing, to me aging is a blessing because there are so many people who don't even make it past 10yrs old. I'm going to do and wear whatever I want when I'm an old lady.
I took Clinton Kelly’s quote about trends as saying that younger women may feel more obliged to participate in trends or be more susceptible to try them whether they actually like them or not. Like the social pressure for younger women is harsher to just participate in trends simply because they’re targeted at them, and so many people in their peer group are also wearing them. More of a keeping up with the Joneses thing. Whereas there is less pressure on older consumers (aka not the target market) and they may more carefully consider which trends they truly like, be more selective, and not feel like they’re falling behind on the trends the way younger people may. Like they are more likely to be choosy about which trends they adopt and no one is giving them the side eye because they’re not wearing the coolest shoe style on TikTok this week, every week.
I love the new hair!!
slay standing mina
I'm almost 60, and there is such FREEDOM in growing older! I feel no obligation to please anyone but myself in how I dress. I don't WANT to look twenty, or even forty. I am more ME than I've ever been and I love it!
Loewe and their bag campaign with Dame Maggie gave that bag some gravitas. Meanwhile some of Tik tok thinks 30 is old
I don’t think Clinton Kelly was saying older women shouldn’t participate in trends. Rather, that they are less insecure and impressionable, and less susceptible to fashion marketing and bulk buying in response to it, so the industry caters to the prolific nervous spenders, aka younger people. Certainly, as you get older, you’re usually able to afford nicer things and don’t want to chuck them every few months just to buy something new and less comfortable.
I assumed gloves were related to smoking and stained fingers.
You are doing such a great job! Thank you for your thorough research and you deserve an admiration 😊👏
thinking about it my style isn't that much different now that I'm older I still wear vintage long black dresses and skirts i do however wear flats a bit more often than i use to I guess.
As a disabled 30 year old, ive been made prematurely elderly. You cant wear most fashionable dresses and skirts in a wheelchair. Heels i once loved are dangerous for me now. I dont have the energy or healthy skin for makeup anymore. I am constantly laying in bed and never leaving the house so why bother getting dressed at all? Fashion and disability is hardly talked about. Like older women, we are often forgotten and expected to fade away because we make people sad and fear their own mortality.  Disabled experiences vary so widely, but this is just my own. Ive experienced what it means to look frail, like im wasting away. Ive seen the disgust and, worse, pity in the eyes of others when i try to dress up or go out. Its like we are expected to wear hospital gowns or be invisible. Nothing else.
Finally someone that talks about issues like these 🙇🏽‍♀️
I love this video, I just turned 60 and I love clothes and still want to look cute in my outfits! also I am still goth I do not like the classics really I would feel very weird in stuff like that!
I just try to pick clothes that suit my silhouette rather than something trendy. I’ve probably already worn the trendy stuff the first time it came around, anyway, lol. The 80s was the 40s revisited, and it just keeps going on. I’m never wearing low rise again, because, um, just no. I did it in the 70s and again in the 90s (again, the 70s revisited), and it’s time to retire that one for me. I’m going to miss skinny jeans because they look good on me!
I dont usually disagree with Mina, but as someone who works with kids...crop tops on prepubescents AREN'T ok with me. OFC little girls dont understand that it could possibly be linked to anything sexual, but they absolutely do know that its trendy, it gets attention, and its cute in the way that the cool teenagers are cute. I've seen little girls show up in a crop top and literally start acting like a disney channel mean girl. flipping their hair, literally doing the anterior pelvic tilt... the fact they would even ask for a crop top is proof they're focusing on the wrong things. We are socialized from birth to be what a patriarchal world thinks women should be, and idk how some women can forget that. They want to be like the big girls, and the kind that society reveres rn is literally bimboistic. Thats tiktok, thats instagram. Thats what kids watch. If thats what you want little girls to model themselves off of, then let them. Personally, id rather not have them jumpstart an unhealthy obsession with maintaining feminine beauty at 7 years old. Theyll have their entire lives for that.
Me at 32 still getting jeans from the juniors section I’m not wearing no slacks!
I am approaching 40 and am a well seasoned goth lady. But I haven’t worn my chunky platforms and latex skirts for a while now. Most of my club gear is gone. After one kid I also had to face not fitting in my heroin chic, corsets aesthetic anymore. I pondered, what I felt, was "to young" for me. I firmly believe that people should wear what makes them happy, but I am always s bit uncomfortable if things get fetishized that I connect with innocence (or tangible evil… like nazi uniforms. Fantasy evil is fine). So school girl uniforms on older people feel off to me, even though I like the aesthetic. Maybe… go instead for college professor (whatever that means). Then again, a granny in a comfortable gryffindor uniform would be rad.  My mom is in her 60 and very interested in fashion. But her figure was always a rectangle. No waist and there are shockingly few garments for her to ready-wear. It’s always about 'hiding', not accentuating something else. She wants one garment to feel happy in, not needing to throw over cardigans… She keeps talking about that one green dress she recently found that does not need  any accessories to work with her figure. It never dawned on me just how many styles demand a waist and that’s one of the "problem zones" for many aging women (and probably men, too)  My mon is always impeccably dressed, but all the "fun things" she would love to wear need a waist. I keep sending her pictures from subreddits like oldhagfashion or elderly fashionistas for inspiration. I hope, once she retires, she'll rock this droopy town ; )
The point about the spinsters is always something I explain to friends too. Like what? A spinster is a woman who can own property, make income, have control of their autonomy and not be considered as SOMEONE ELSE'S property? Yea, call me a spinster in commemoration of these ladies any time of the week. Cause it means living life on one's own terms 😎
First, thank you for all of the thoughtful commentary and the history and just in general thank you for covering this topic. Second, I love your shirt!
I honestly believe the ye-old anti-spinster attitude is the same as the anti-aging and beauty craze being pushed onto us today. its reactionary. We make our own money now, so we dont NEED to 'keep' a man (via our looks) in order to survive. So theyre going to try to convince us that we still DO need to be young and pretty, but this time for 'health' reasons, or because its 'self care'. "This is actually for YOU, ladies! Not for men! You need to look young for YOU." BS.
i'm so grateful my mom is wearing kinda whatever she wants as she gets closer to 60!! it's so nice to see lol
As a 52 year old woman, I could care less what someone else wants me to wear. You’re welcome to close your eyes. I’m not dead and I don’t let others dictate things to me. We also learn this as we get older.
6:37 mina pause
The fashion industry? Girl, the whole WORLD don't like older woman.
All excellent points. I'm in my early thirties, and I just had a birthday last week. I find as I get older that I have an overwhelming urge to simplify and streamline all the elements that make up my style, although that could also be the societal messaging I've unconsciously internalized over the years. Fewer patterns, a more cohesive palette for every day, cuts and silhouettes I actually feel comfortable wearing. Half the time, of course, the things I like and could see myself trying on are sold to bright young things whose income far exceeds my own. The other half of the time I end up gnashing my teeth in frustration because the color is perfect but the shape is all wrong, and vice versa. The good part of aging into the role of "woman of a certain age" is that I have more certainty on what does and doesn't suit me. Having said that, I don't rule out trying a new style or color every so often.    I'm not entirely sure where I was going with this, except to say thank you for an excellent deep dive into fashion, women, and ageism. Great work!
I’m 27 and at work people are shocked to hear me mention my husband, bc I look younger to them. I do have a bit of baby face but I have a BS degree and just celebrated 2 years married…27 is so young and I want to look my age
Another banger video thank you mina
Loved this. I just finished a book of essays that touches on some of the same ideas: There Was an Old Woman by Andrea Carlisle. There are so many negative stereotypes about older people, but in many ways the author is happier now (in her 70s) than ever. And then I realized that I have so much dread of getting older, but across the board, the older women I know in real life have said that life gets better every decade! It’s good to hear these positive depictions of getting older.
My educated guess is demographic spending. I'd assume younger folks spend more on clothing and that purchase rate dwindles as they get older. On top of that, people die, so if you have 1m 18 under buying $50-500 in clothes a month, you might have 200k or less 40+ making a purchase for themselves every few months. Then when you look at the people who are still fashion forward at that age, it's even less. So like, why design, why market, why spend significant time and money targeting that demo. Sure there's some money there, but in the upper eschelon of spending you have companies that serve all ages like Sperry Topsider and then smaller botiques that sell small run funky designers. So you're usually looking at a smaller and more stressed ecosystem of buyers and sellers. I wouldn't necessarily say there's less money going around (though there probably is,) but there's definitely a much smaller volume of purchases. Again, I'm just guessing. But 99% of the time when people are looking at consumer facing companies and are like "Why didn't they _____" it usually starts with demographic spending behavior, because that's how the marketing and sales team break down analytic data to inform future business decisions. This choice to "abandon" certain demos then reinforces the initial decision, because some people if they don't have anything good available, give up or find other avenues to do it.  On top of that, there's the manufacturing side (i.e. cost cutting.) It's really efficient (time and money) to get really good at making only 1 thing over and over again, just drive down cost as much as possible. It's really expensive to make 1 different thing for everyone. Sometimes to a point where it's not viable to maintain the corporate overhead that goes into marketing, designing, researching, just to get a one off of something into someone's hands. For something like a macbook, you might have millions in R&D. If you sold just one macbook, you'd need to sell it for like $10m just to break even. That's sort of how Shein "revolutionized" the clothing pipeline. They basically just rip off other designers, cutting R&D prices immensely, and then use very similar materials and stitching across all of their products (plastic). So when they're making a huge amount of products, it's still labor intensive etc, but they don't have to spend nearly as much as any other company does trying to come up with original designs.  I love this channel so much, but it's important to recognize that the Board of Directors at H&M could literally give a shit if Ethel in Minnesota has access to grunge chic granny core. They are just looking at giant balance sheets and talking to department heads about ROI/budget and operating concerns, as well as future plans for the company and growth sectors.  Most of the things that consumers care about only become a line item for a larger company when there's a demonstrated either drop in sales due to ignoring it, or potential new area of profit due to focusing on it.
As a queer person I'm unlearning this message that in order to be attractive you have to look younger, and learning to love getting older. Since I'm queer I view getting older as a blessing because so many queer people haven't gotten the chance to grow older and become elders. Too many have died from AIDS, hate crimes, suicide, etc, so that the more of us who reach our 50s, 60s, 70s+ become a story of survival and queer joy and resistance in a society that increasingly wants us to disappear. To all my queer folks reading this embrace aging, embrace the greying and wrinkles. We are here and we should celebrate that
luv ur look in this one Mina <3
My mom is approaching her 50's and she's been so concerned with what she wants to wear is too youthful. I myself love alt fashion, so I tell her " mom, you only live once. Allow yourself to have fun, and if it's a peanuts T-shirt, or a bright yellow hoodie that makes you happy, go for it!"  And that goes to anyone! You are never too old to wear a style you love! Others are always going to judge us no matter what we do or wear, so we might as well have fun and dress for ourselves!
It's also about predetermined ideas. People often mistake me for being almost 20 years younger than I am and I'm wearing the same clothes that I wore then because when I bought them they were expensive and I'm not getting rid of them lol nobody has anything to say about how I dress until they find out my age. In that moment nothing has changed about me. My body my face nothing only their perception of me has changed because instead of 23 they find out I am 43. Up until that moment they have made their assumptions about me and my age and everything is fine after that. Just knowing the number and all the thoughts that flood their mind about what somebody that age should look like and what somebody that age should dress like completely changes their disposition to me. Sometimes girls have scoffed but sometimes they have made complimentary statements. However, when it comes to dudes I've actually had them get angry because they assumed I was a lot younger in closer to their age and finding out that I am not tell me that basically they were wasting their time talking to me and that I should look closer to my age so that people know how old I am before they start interacting with me... I guess so they can choose not to because they would never interact with somebody my age 🤷‍♀️😅
Things associated with the elderly being reappropriated by young people seems pretty standard to me. Not in a way that overlooks the new creativity each generation has, just in that I don't think it's got a lot to do with attitudes towards older people? Kids in the 60s buying the original "granny boots" from the Victorian era in thrift stores. Also one of those looks gave my very Mori Girl.
I'm 53 and while my style has evolved marginally (more through addition than subtraction) I'm still sporting the same thriftstore dumpster punk rock rottagecore patternblind grave robber tatters that I've been happy in for decades Bonus that weird lookin old theydies are less likely to be suspected of shoplifting, vandalism and sabotage
40:48 Age is not a social construct what a ridiculous thing to say. Age is a biological reality.  Our perceptions of aging and older people certainly are social constructs, but to separate them from the realities of biological aging is ridiculous.
As a 42yr old woman of fashion...this made me so sad, I had to switch it off.
So I just turned 40 a little over a week ago, this topic seems quite well timed.  I was excited to turn 40 because I have always been treated a bit like a child.  Mostly because I have cerebral palsy. I have always had a unique style.  As long as I'm entertained I don't really care how others feel about it.  For a while people said you should be able to say what your style is in three words.  I got it down to four.  Vintage, Artsy, Eclectic, and a bit elevated.   Today I wore my favorite black vintage cashmere sweater a black, camel, and red short hounds tooth short skirt, a short red jacket, and my black combat boots with an embroidered rose.  I think I will always just dress like me.
Brb, looking for a "mutton dressed as lamb" shirt
Thank you for making this video. It seems like ageism is the last socially acceptable “ism”.  It really shouldn’t be.  Hearing people say “whatever boomer” or calling women “dowdy” or “matronly” is cringe AF. Elders are the survivors in this world. They have earned the right to do what they want, and wear what they want. Respect.
Interestingly, Iʻve found a lot of inspiration on Pinterest of older women who are super stylish. Nothing I was even looking for at 30 but I do find it exciting to see ways people embrace personal style as they get older
There's no reason for us to care so much about being young! It'd make so much more sense if we celebrated aging, and we'd all be better off if old age was viewed more positively.
I don't think celebrities should be forced to tell us all the plastic surgery they get done, but they should never lie about not having plastic surgery.
I used to volunteer at a retirement home my mom worked that held fashion shows for the residents to show off their fits. Fashion never grows old ❤️
For absolutely inspiring style icons, please check out Advanced Style.  As a woman just turned 50 (I too am in my I don’t give a fuck stage in life) these beautiful older women are the fashionistas that I aspire to be.  Thank you Mina for lovely video essay.
Using the phrase that women are not sexy when they are old reinforces the idea that a womans only value is their desirability to men. Well guess what? It's wiser not to give a fluff  what "men" think of you.
this thumbnail had me laughing i love it
I feel like I’ve gotten piercings so people will take me seriously as an adult, I’m non binary so it’s been complicated to deal with the standards for women and men simultaneously
I think the one person and fashion designer who "rebels" against that is Betsey Johnson. The woman is in her 80s and she does not give a shit. I love her brand and I hope to dress like her or Baddie Winkle one day lol
another great vid from mina! (im deep in a meryl streep phase so i appreciated all her cameos in this vid LOL)
F*CK  FASHION RULES, IM 47 AND IM GONNA ROCK ANY DRESS
As something of a look into a subcultural experience of age, in the goth scene I feel like (at least in person rather than online) there's a lot of admiration for elder goths. I'm almost always one of the youngest people at my city's goth nights (being in my early 20s) and most of the people there are at least in their 40s, and I can't wait to one day be one of the older goths and have so much experience in the scene and know the music as well as they do
Also, it seems that we have some flaws in dealing with women’s health that impact fashion. For example, menopause apparently is not supposed to be exhausting with hot flashes if your adrenal glands are healthy enough to take over hormonal production. Thus your adrenals being in good health impacts your cortisol and thus impacts your belly/visceral fat. In addition not working to retain muscle as we age makes your look younger and be healthier. So there are some things we are wrestling with on a health level that impact how women age.
As an ageism researcher, I love this
I love golden girls dorothy 😂😂😂
It's sad and infuriating that the viewpoints expressed regarding women in texts from centuries ago are still going strong today. What's so wrong with being old? Being old is a gift that not everyone gets to enjoy. I was so depressed that I didn't expect to see 18 but I'm still here and the ever dreaded age of 30. I love being in my thirties and contrary to popular belief, life and beauty doesn't end when you leave your 20s vehind. Its beginning! As for the topic and title of this video, I agree 100%. Clothes geared specifically towards older women are boring or so chaotic, it makes your eyes hurt. I was raised in a Cult (JWs) and despite my escape when the Pandemic hit, I legitimately enjoy long skirts and tunics and even clothes with built necklaces and beading. However, it's so hard for me to find clothes that make me happy and fit my plus sized body. And I'm proud to be a Spinster. I have a lot of work to do on myself before looking for a companion and I'm waiting for the RedPill/BlackPill fueled Manosphere to lose more popularity. Overall, there are signs of positive change but it's a long uphill battle to make things better.
"flaunt it" but only if we approve of how your body looks at X age 🙄
16:35 good point but it's not only older women and girls that are influenced to stick to a certain rules of dress code. Men, older Men and boys are also influenced to follow a certain line, we all are expected to fit into a box
Funny how in other cultures past, women gained more value with age because they had more experience and knowledge to give
George IV against pedophilia xdd
Today is my birthday and is such a gift see a new vídeo from you! Hugs from Brasil.
Yes to all of this, such great pieces of history brought up and overall commentary. I want to feel excited as life continues on, not that I'll be robbed of things that once brought joy like fun outfits and makeup so this conversation is needed on so many levels. Our personal style will evolve but it shouldn't be with such rigid concepts of color pallets and cuts being inappropriate. Even at 28 I want more representation of woman's ages. The pics of the street styles of older people inspire me so much! Also I felt to same way entering my later 20's, some cuts and vibes just didn't work for me anymore and its hard to pinpoint why.
I look at Isabelle huppert for inspiration of how I want to look when I’m older .
I'm "old" and still shop in the juniors section and give no fucks.
MARTHA STEWART IS 81!?
funny thing is that in my twenties, when I was living in Paris, I used to shop at "old ladies stores". I found them while looking for a gift for my mother and realised that I actually liked the clothes for myself. Also, there were more inclusive sizes, friendly sales assistants, honest opinions on how clothes looked on, tips on what cut fits better on my body, etc.
The problem is that it's all due to trying to please middle aged white men.
i read about how some orthodox women now wear thick headbands as head coverings rather than a scarf or wig. this is because they wish to broadcast their faith but wigs and scarves are seen as old fashioned and can also bring unwanted attention from non jewish people.
Don't listen to me cause I am a boy. But Women, let "yourself go" as the video says in the middle. Do whatever you want
I remember working with this swventy year old and after she left she was talking to me about a former coworker who was around sixty n dressed like 2000s young woman (jean shirts, bright eyeshadow) and she was trashing this woman for dressing 'trashy'
Thank you for the well researched video once again Mina :D  I am not afraid of growing old and have learned to unpack the ageism in me thanks to fashionable older people on TikTok and the likes <333 I also have a pretty age-diverse social circle so I can see older people looking hot and confident in themselves, which is also inspiring :)
Serbian title?
Isn’t there something to be said for comfort? As I am getting older, I find myself showing less skin as well. Not because I think those parts will offend people, but because I’m valuing comfort more and more. I don’t think we can just say “the fashion industry dictates what older women wear”. I think older women wear what makes them comfortable regardless. Additionally, I think we grow progressively exhausted from spending hard earned money on trendy, stylish clothes. I think value money and security more as we age.
Hi Mina, what a great video. I'm 52 and feel utterly lost with regard to fashion at the moment. I'm too old for young styles but too young for old lady styles or just giving up and wearing a sack-like lagenlook dress. I hate this in-between-ness that I'm in at the moment. The body changes that come with menopause are a horrible shock, it's not just that the body changes shape, but it starts being really uncomfortable to wear tighter clothes. Anyway, I just wanted to thank you again for acknowledging that older women exist and we have to wear clothes, even if the fashion industry hates us!
Maybe good to add that single women in the seventeenth and eighteenth century were able to be rich, not just because they inherited wealth, but also specifically because they inherited shares in plantations that had enslaved people as workers and shares in colonial companies (at least in the Dutch context, but I'm assuming in other places as well).
27 lookin 22 , drop that skeeeen care 🤸🏽✨
CUUUUUUUTE HAIRSTYLE!!! YES MS GIBSON GIRL
do you know the Nigerian artist Malik Afegbua? He makes AI art of older people doing fashion runways and it is STUNNING!
I haven’t fact checked this but I heard the term Spinster came around as spinning fibres was a very valuable skill and women able to do it could afford to live single rather then marry! I hope it’s true because that makes spinsters pretty badass
I’m 63 & always worn vintage. From the 1960s back to late Victorian, I still wear most of them, that haven’t fallen apart!❤I intend to go with what makes me happy and reflects my personal style no matter how old I am.
Something I love about Vivienne Westwood’s instagram account is the variety of ages in the models they use. Something I love about not following current fashion trends too closely is the freedom I feel in how I dress.
Jane Austen talked about entailments meaning the man had the use of the land during his life but it wouldn't pass to daughters and he couldn't sell it it was for a set amount of generations this is the case with Mr. Dashwood and Mr. Bennet where as Rosings will pass to Miss De Bouge when her mother passes.
I'm 39. I can't wait to grow out my grey hair and wear all the capes. I'm child free and would take Spinster as a compliment.
Your hair. Yes. Yes yes yes. You've styled it beautifully!
Wear whatever you want. But as you age you'll see more clearly what suits or doesn't suit you. Discoverying your personal style is a continuous and very fun process, don't sweat it
PSA: The goal of advertising media isnt to glorify youth, specifically. It is to market unattainable standards to make us all feel insecure and buy 'solutions' (aka beauty products). Even at the peak of youth, women get targeted ads that say they are not enough. The anti-ageing media is simply a continuation of that. There is no magic age at which marketing caters to you and makes you feel great about yourself. Because thats not the point.  The fashion industry, especially mainstream modelling, often seeks to exclude anyone that isn't skinny, young,  conventionally attractive, able-bodied, cis, and has Eurocentric features. Then, when they get models that tick those boxes, they edit them into oblivion. On that basis, they create an unattainable ideal that excludes basically everyone.
Great Video and very interesting, but can I just mention how gorgeous you looked? Would love it if you could show how you made that hairstyle cause wow. :)
I actually find it is so nice to get older, because I always felt my personal style/prefererence was middle age librarial and never felt comfortable dressing like that when younger. Now I am happily middle age and dressing as "frumpy" as I like.
I’m early-40s and have felt more able to find my style and afford it in the last 5-10 years. I’ve always been fairly “conservative” but for example I go between skirts above the knee and full skirted maxi dresses depending on the weather and mood. Some of my choices have changed based on comfort and body changes but I do think there are some things that look better on different ages.   In the current dancing with the stars season Mira Sorvino did Cinderella on Disney night. She’s a beautiful woman but the dress they put her in had in my opinion way too many sparkles and tulle layers - it would have looked better on a younger girl IMO. Not that she should have been plain, but more regal than what seemed like a quincienera gown.
I looooove your hairstyle <3
I find it funny how there is a perceived bias against older women and a lie that older men keep trying to make true that only men are valuable older. I am 46 and I take care of myself but I don’t look 20. I get hit on so much buy men 30 and younger than I ever did when I was that way. Younger men are very much into older women and older men are so threatened by that. In real life men and especially younger men value older women.
I wanna recommend looking into kulturtanter (literally, culture old ladies), a name for older women who wear bright colors and giant necklaces. Often with handmade elements. Think a high school art teacher style. A big fashion name in this field is Gudrun Sjöden (who is not uncontroversial) but she basically made a big brand by marketing directly to an older demographic. The style is kind of fading out of popularity but they still make me smile whenever I see them.
31:00 this pisses me off. I love women. I LOVE women. Calling older women hideous and tired. Eff off.
It made my heart sing to hear you discuss Jewish head coverings with such accuracy and clarity. 💙  I could also relate to the trend discussion towards the end. Especially the internal debate about whether something is truly no longer flattering on me or if I think so because society told me to.  Ty, great job!
Girl you look so gorgeous!!! 🥰
I think the influencers on TikTok are making a big deal out of nothing when they talk about how their youth is ending when they hit their late 20s. I turned 28 in October and I'm still the same fun-loving and energetic person I was at 21. I still love clothes and I'm not going to stop wearing trendy outfits because of some arbitrary number.
See getting older is when you start  your business and get the bag and hire employees. Like peak girl boss era with all the comebacks like "i changed your diapers and graded your masters thesis and i pay your allawance" all while walking around in that awesome suit cape with feathers ❤  Also the maturity tummy is real. I just say it makes me more huggable.
So sad, I got mocked the other day by another 30+ lady because I wore a crop top.... I'm sorry I'm not dead may I wear whatever the fuck I want?
Ok, anyone that has a old woman (or enby) style icon drop their name here!! Or just a role model you have. Especially if they're over 50 ❤ I want to follow these wonderful women and get inspired by their styles!   For me Aida Cuevas, Michelle Yeoh and Julie Andrews are always like "ugh, I wanna be like them when I grow up". Maybe not style icons in terms of innovating the fashion world but they definitely help me remember that older women are wonderful, amazing, kick-ass people in the height of their lives no matter what society says.
When I was applying for a visa to China I had to check off it I was married for a spinster
Teacher Mina isn’t something i didn’t know I needed but I love it
I'm 21 and I started worrying about getting older from the time I was 17...I was worried that I'd have to change and stop liking the things I liked...or stop dressing the way I like  because I didn't want to look ridiculous and it makes me sad that I'm worried about aging when actual adults look at me as a child. I already have it in my head that women have an expiry date and all I wanna do is unlearn that. We literally don't.
Just to add- lots of Jewish women will interchange between a headscarf and wig depending on the occasion (wigs are usually more formal) and there are many different types of each for different sub-sects of Judaism. For example, very orthodox women may shave their head entirely and/or wear a shpitzel (a short wig with a hat sewn on top)
What ever happened to Baby Jane is a direct inspiration for the Kinder Whore aesthetic. Just thought id put that out there as you've mentioned kinderwhores before, and this movie is very important for understanding it. Theres a level of satire and irony to the style that often gets overlooked. its more than what meets the eye.
mina I love you I just started writing my essay for fashion studies subject on older women in slavic countries being taken advantage of by the fashion community but being left out of it
me, a woman in my early 30's with a toddler, being followed mostly by gen z and told "wow, you look so young! I didn't know you were *SO OOOOOOLLLLD* " old told I'm so "bold" for dressing the way I do for "someone *your* age" 🥲 I guess I'm an "elder goth" now🥴older men are dubbed "silver fox" older women are "hag" and "damaged goods".i remember when i was little i got excited because i thought i'd be more attractive..but i wasn't. i just got old, so I wear babydoll dresses as a way to cling to my lost youth due to an eating disorder and poverty, however finding things in my size for my body type are hard as I am an inverted triangle with a mom bod and huge b00bs 💔 if you're not an xxsmall with no boobs, most things don't fit
25:02 The doll on the left is like 90% of the way to a killer grunge look lol. Just need to change to big boots without the laces going all the way up.
I completely relate to the “have I aged out of this or am I feeling pressured by societal standards?” I’ll be 30 next year and just got myself a cute cow print mini skirt and at first I felt so cute in my outfit and then the fear set in. Do I look stupid? Do I look old and dumb? Does any of that matter?? I still wore the outfit out after realizing that it doesn’t matter if it’s not hurting me and not hurting anyone else. I felt cute for my trip to the bookstore and that’s what matters!
Advanced Style has documented hundreds of stylish women and men.
It's not just clothes. I get targeted ads constantly pushing videos on "mature hair". Apparently long hair is just for actresses and models, and when some of them pushed the grey agenda it's being pushed so unbelievably hard in these hair videos. I see about as many ppl in comments on the videos saying they plan to keep their long hair and they're going to have any color they want. I'm 53 and by some miracle my hair isn't grey or white it's turned a dingy shade. I grew it out a few inches this year to see, and colored it my favorite fast. I'll color it as long as I have hair and will never have "old lady hair" styles. I'm getting my first wrinkles, not bad yet, but one look at Madonna's face and I'm reminded to be thankful. Be yourself, and moisturize your skin at all ages. Looking and feeling healthy is the most important thing whatever look you choose at any age. ❤
great video mina!!
I started listening to you, as always, but need to pause and tell you you look RAVISHING in this video. Now, back to watching.
I love stylelikeyou for a visual baseline to kind of bring back the sanity, personally. That said, I definitely want to see older people taking up fashion space. When TV and Movies were my favorite things, I found myself re-watching Grace and Frankie almost more than anything else, because I absolutely want to see more older women (and men). I feel more than awkward now about consuming a product so built on exploitation, even as it has made up such a large part of my life, when it comes to movies and TV. I don't want to tout exploiting older people, and older women, but I think I can say Tea With the Dames, aka Nothing Like the Dames was a movie I really enjoyed, and think of now often, and double hockey sticks yes, I would like to see more like it. Ageism is very real, but I can tell you this, every single young woman I have ever talked to about this, has a fierce fascination and appreciation for older women, especially on the level of style and fashion. Every. Single. One. If you approach the topic without disdain, or reproach, women and girls are fascinated with the je ne sais quoi of older women (or, their sunglasses, their brooches, their...). Social capital, and conditioning backed by fear, has turned many a person into a bit of a villain, trying to protect what they have, but on the flip side, people try to imagine what it means to be old, and what it could mean for them to get old. That is powerful.  I'll tell you something: Becoming an individual is like taking a space walk, no matter how you feel on the journey, whether you're frozen in panic or not, whether you want to go back, or not, whether you drift off to your death, or not, whether you make it back safely, or not. Everyone looking on is impressed, in the sense that they feel an impression being made by what you are doing, on a part of who they are going forwards. Some are terrified. Some are minimizing, apathetic, and cynical. Some want and need you to succeed so they know they can too. Some feel awe. They see the raw scope you are navigating, the whole of space a suit's width away from you. Some are in love with your bravery. Some are in love with the bravery of the notion of individuating at all. Some are helpful, focused on the next best action to take, and communicating in the right way. Some will keep a secret piece of you, and your experience tucked up in their heart. Some will cheer you on, and watch breathlessly. Some will ball up their fists, and watch you carefully, like they would help you get it right, if only they had a com line to you, and your nervous system, but they don't. Ultimately, it's going to be you, in your suit, facing space, facing this experience, counting on yourself, hoping that people partnering you will be a reliable help, especially when it comes to activities that take multiple people to execute. But, somehow, out of all the different outcomes, and all the scattered reactions, the glory of your space walk is crafted... But, somehow, deep down, you always knew it was there. You always knew it was glorious. Somehow you know everyone who faces that same space walk knows it too, deep down, and they keep that knowledge with just an extra little bit of an impression of you, on your mission.   So people are scared. They reject you. They throw entitled temper tantrums, and they don't have the decency to realize, or apologize. What they do is in no way acceptable. However, your power is not in what they do, or don't do: It is in how you leave an impression, joining with that knowledge they have underneath it all. No amount of thrashing about is going to change the nature of that, or diminish it. Neither will that seem particularly useful to you as you seek decency, and dignity, and safety, but you too, have that knowledge of glory deep down, and when you align with it, you have everything any individual life, any space walk can give you, or the world. You have all the power, all the meaning, awake within you, as you. How could a person not be fascinated with that? How could a person not be in love with that?
Mina took that Kurtis Conner extra greeting for the new timers  to an extra step with the “welcome welcome” and her oldies with just a “welcome”😂
This is sooo good.. Thank you Mina 🙏
I WAS JUST CHECKING YESTERDAY IF YOU POSTED BC I MISSED YOU BAE 😫😫😫😫
Im only 19 rn but I decided a few years ago that the first grey hair I see will be my reason to not dye my hair anylonger. I was raised by a hairdresser and currently have dark blue and purple hair.  Recently, while braiding my hair I actually saw one and even asked my mom what she thought. I wont dye whats natural but I still keep up whats already bleached cause its still fun. Cause why waste the canvas I still have. I always saw older women in my moms salon coming in and deciding that they couldn't keep up with covering their grey and it was always two mixed attitudes about it, either sad because they hated have grey or old person hair as some would say or maybe they would be happy because they thought it was a pretty silver.  The hard part was always growing out the 'skunk trail/line' which is daunting to try and blend together.  This was really long😅 but I really learned a lesson from the older ladies, I want to accept my hair once its grey because going natural when Im older will suck but also because I don't want to hide something like that, Id rather embrace it cause grey hair is really beautiful in my opinion.
Yaasss I just caught up on your podcast episodes and they were over to soon! Lol I’m so happy to see your face!!!!
Mina with her hair down 💕
#tvelvedalremtv #worldofmama #tranostv #africa_xiaowu #htopia #piiatamare #tammymai #cure0721 #fox9 #megantay #user-rg5jk4ve3s #fionafifi #nikadewa #beautiishername #catefoodtravel #kathyseat #fangfanglovestoeat #ambi #aew #minjae1 #macadventures #xiaomeiasmr
it makes me think of brittany broski’s philosophy on aging: i want to see the evidence of the life you lived. i think fashion can totally be a part of that was well
I think it’s sadly beneficial for brands to maintain this dislike of aging as it boosts their sales. If you can’t find any clothes you like, you’ll keep buying in hope that one will fit. Most « older people » also maybe have more budget to allocate to consuming and trying out or buying more expensive clothing with more « elevated » fibers. My mother just can’t stop drilling in my head that as one gets older, she should wear more « luxury » fabrics, like pure wool, linen, silk, which tend to be more flattering in their draping : the brainwash was indeed very effective on her :/ Men’s Fashion suks a** anyway, there is no difference between a classic garnment designed for a 20yo or a 60yo, the cut is still the same kind (outside of vintage influences considerations). You see men of all ages pulling out any look they choose in disregard of their age ; i feel that the social class difference is still the most effective; while women are frowned upon when they don’t catter to both social spaces and age ladder.
So cool!!!
I found r/oldhagfashion a year or two ago, and while the majority I see are on the “younger” end, it’s always great to see what the “certified old hags” post on there too. It’s liberating to see what range of fashion themes you see actual everyday people can be wearing out there that are only beholden to themselves.
OK so lemme get this straight. We spent hundreds of thousands years persevering in the natural world with only a handful of lucky individuals making it to old age, but now we all expect to get old yet simultaneously call it a mark of moral failure when you look old because you got old. I..... don't want to be part of this species any more 😂
This subject is so close to my heart, getting older is a privilege and it's so heartbreaking how they raise women to be afraid and ashamed of human nature
THE LOOK IS STUNNING MINA!!! excited to watch :)
The term 'spinster' originally comes from the fact that if a woman was really good at spinning then she could make a good earning such that she could support herself and not have to be reliant on her husband
This video is great, I love hearing people talking about it because although I am by no means "old" (I'm 32) society definitely makes me feel decrepit and I question whether I should dress in the things I like.  Also, your hair is so so pretty here! 😍
I really just want that hat from "the little old lady phase" scene. 😅
your hair is so pretty !!!
Popping in to say that your top is fantastic! It’s so very lovely looking and I wish I had one like that ☺️
I'm so over every single most liked comment in any media that shows older people being: they look so young/old/good for their age.
God Tier content and editing ❤  Thanks for this amazing work !
Im 33 and what Clinton said resonated with me. There are still some trends that I'm interested in, but others that I won't touch with a ten foot pole, and I feel like aging has allowed me to feel more comfortable picking and choosing. For example, I lived through the 2000s and I will never ever go back to low rise anything lol  I've also felt way more comfortable embracing counter culture styles than when I was younger. I just want to wear what I like 😊
Finding people who love and accept you is truly the key.  You ended it on a perfect note.
I've noticed how many TikTok comments berate older celebrity women for aging and wearing "older" clothing and say "What happened to her?" But then when another celebrity woman dons makeup, facials, sunscreen and "younger" expensive clothing to look younger, they'll say, "She's not natural, she's just rich. Act your age. Why are people so afraid of aging?" Older women get scrutiny no matter what and it's saddening. Just leave them alone. Ageism, paired with misogyny, is already too normalized in society when elderly people are one of the most disrespected age groups in society next to children.
One of my favorite parts of the goth subculture are all the folks who have been in the scene since the 80s and are still rocking blue hair, black lipstick, studded belts, etc! Seeing older people who are not just stylish, but *cool* and *artistic* is really refreshing, and makes me feel more comfortable with my own greying hair and wrinkles. That life doesn't end at 30, 35, 40, or even 60something!
@Mina Le I just turned 47.  I never got married or had kids.  I work with kids and thus they kid me young.  These are kids with autism.  I am peri menopausal and still sexually active and in a long term relationship with a divorced dad of 3 girls.  I am younger than him and look young for my age.  But what does that mean?  I have had NO work and really don't want too.  I feel odd now what is age appropriate.  Idk.  I am a Generation Xer who has tattoos and such.  I'm just dressing as me.  Classic pieces I guess. Since it's crazy when what you wore in highschool (early 90s) is in.  Crazee!!
19:16 does anyone know the name of this film?
Great video as always, although I imagine the standing segments are a...work in progress. I really enjoyed the meta-concept behind "Feud," with Susah Sarandon and Jessica Lange (as older actresses) playing Bette Davis and Joan Crawford as both themselves and the characters in "Baby Jane."
My Mema passed away two weeks ago. She was 97. In her Instagram post one thing my cousin said was "and she would want you to know that she would be 98 in June!" She was so proud of how many years she had. I hope to inherit her longevity, as my other grandparents all passed away much younger. Even during this last year I thought she was beautiful. It's time for society to embrace women of all ages!
Umm...Talbot's, Chicos, J.Jill....some people think there's a market. 😂 Also disappointed you didn't mention any politicians like Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama. Even Pelosi knew how to rock an outfit...
Errata: world "spinster" and the job of spinster dates even earlier, back to medieval times. But - and that's the clue actually - why single lady is "spinster", not "laundress" or hatmaker or whatever? Cause before inventing spinning wheel, spindle whorls were in use. This tool requires much, much, MUCH more labour & time to create a thread. And that means: there were a lot of job positions to do that. A lot. One weaver (more skilled, profitable job position than spinster, so of course traditionally reserved for men...) required EIGHT spinsters to make thread for him, to be able to weave textiles (1st necessity product) constantly and efficiently. That much job positions.  And it was work traditionally reserved for women. So it was the easiest and the fastest way for a woman to earn her own money, but especially in times of spindle whorl, not as much in spinning wheel times, as on Mina's icons. "Spinster" started to have negative connotation and meaning of the world altered - but later on. Earlier - if you didn't want or could marry, for any reason - go to be a spinster. Live your life independently and happily, here's a good, paid job to achieve that - and that's it. There were zero negative connotations to it at the beginning (then it changed of course, bc patriarchy), it was just so often correlated with being single, it started to be used interchangeably. So things were similar as Mina says - but even earlier ;)
rubbish feminism
Rebecca from Ted Lasso. Gorgeous elegant classy beautiful woman 💋🤌🏻🫴🏻 women can be sexy if they want  whatever the age.
I am in my mid 40s. Tell you what: your body is going to change. Some of us can and/or still want to pull off sleeveless tops and mini skirts. But many don’t feel comfortable or won‘t want to or simply can’t be bothered to keep up with idealized youth fashion styles. The good thing is, today you can wear pretty much whatever you want to wear. The downside of the idealization of youth is, many brands simply don’t cater to bodies with marks, sagging skin, bigger busts that I tell you will wander downwards if you stay natural, etc. I am looking for clothing that supports my body, not the other way around. So (often but not exclusively) cheap brands with thin cloths, hemlines only above the knee and shorter, trousers that don’t support some booty, and tops that don’t even have darts to aid in giving any form, just aren’t an option for me. Some women when they get older might feel comfortable in H&M or rock that kind of fashion with their still toned bodies (but also toned bodies get older) and that’s fine. The best thing of getting older is that you finally are free of so many societal pressures to have to fit in. I am actually welcoming my wrinkles because they gave me back a freedom in being that I can only compare to a carefree child just enjoying life, not having to conform with fashion trends or makeup trends but simply living and enjoying your life, family, friendships, hobbies, etc.
As a fat spinster, there are no age-based fashion transitions if you're overweight. I was considered "fat" in the 1990s and 2000s (a scale-shattering totally average height, weight, and BMI) and have only gotten fatter over the years. An adult woman told me at age 16 that "bigger girls" like me should wear all one color, ideally black or another dark color, because it makes us looker taller and slimmer. "Helpful" older ladies have been pawning their fashion advice on me ever since, because the three C's of being an overweight woman are the same as they are for older women. Essentially, unless you're a conventionally attractive, slim, young woman, you're expected to fade into the background until you disappear.
Why are you not orange bin?
🦋☀️💎 excellent pointer use, sister. Super style points 🌹👠💋
Loved the video. I definitely feel that age should have next to nothing to do with expressing yourself through clothing. On a related note, not including Iris Apfel in a list of older Fashion Icons and women with unique style should be considered among fashion high crimes and misdemeanors. (I'm joking. I'm not trying to be mean. Haha.) Seriously though, woman is 102 and has been serving maximalist glamour for decades. The style may not be for everyone, but her relentless attitude of giving 0 flips about other people's opinions should be.
💘💘💘
lol, 49 years old and Goth.  "Age appropriate" can kiss my @ss and i'm not buying a new wardrobe.
I’m patiently, waiting for a Priscilla inspired video
I find the "lighten your hair to look younger" thing to hold true. In my early twenties I dyed my hair darker so people would take me more seriously. It worked. Darker hair gave me an air of "ah, yes. This mature woman knows what she's talking about. She's a good hire/expert to listen to." Plus at the same time I met my now-fiance who's a few years older than myself. He was surprised that the dark hair was not my natural color and admitted it did change how he perceived me when we first met.
40 vid by mina kee about a topic ive been super interested about the last year?? Oo im eating good tonight
Your aesthetics are constantly giving me life! Could you do a video on Daisy Jones and the Six, now that the strike is over? I'd love to hear your thoughts on the 70s costumes!
I cant believe that people (men and other women?) Are so upset with women growing up? And aging 😮. But actually, i can because the world hates women of course.
i think it's so important to show older women wearing fun fashionable clothing! my style icon is my mom who's 53 and hasn't changed her style since she was 30. fun colors, short skirs, lots of patterns, tons of fun accessories, usually handmade by her.  also older women are incredibly attractive and beautiful! it sucks that society values youth over everything else.
I have noticrd this weird thing lately among my friends. While they speak about fighting ageism, they seem to uphold this weird line of thinking. While they like and support and "find cute", if you will, women of... I'd say, mid-70s and older, speaking of them in this odd, sometimes-pstronising tonr, they oftrn seem to hold somethjng akin to contempt for thr women about the age of their mothers (from fourthies tk late sixties). These women are seen mkstly as Karens or, rarely, upheld as non-Karens. But the Karen approacj js the basic one. I am trying to wrap my head around this.
Cool and important video. Also on an unrelated note: your hair looks real good here.
One of my fashion favs  is grece ghanem and I think she’s in her 60s. Her outfits are top tier and SHE LOOKS FAB. She looks good with anything she puts on and she gives off the idc what others think attitude.
So funny about Maxi skirts being seen as appropriate for certain ages. I’m a shorter person so I hate maxi length anything. Even with heels or platforms, my hem drags or I trip over the skirt/dress. I envy anyone who can rock them.
BABE NEW MINA JUST DROPPED
We appreciate how well you've articulated your own insights on this matter. You'll always have our support.
Down With Love is one of my favorite movies because of the camera work.
I feel like women can’t win in societal standards no matter what we do or how hard we work to look like ‘goals’ so as we get older, we should just do and be whatever we want and stop telling others what they should be and act based on their age. In the words of Janelle Monaé: “Even it makes others uncomfortable, I will love who I am.”
my friend studies kimono and there has always been an age range for different types of kimono, furisode being what you wear when you're young and unmarried and switching to tomesode when you're married and older. but a lot of older women are starting to wear more furisode because why not? they're allowed to be fun and colourful too. and I love that.
Props to Mina Le for always being well informed and doing her research, as a Muslim she has never spread any misinformation about the religion she always knows her stuff and that might be the bare minimum but it's so rare to see islam so well represented
Just the other day I noticed a magazine claiming Patrick Dempsey to the sexiest man and I thought to myself, true, he has aged like fine wine...how come we can't say the same for women? Why do they have to be in a state of eternal youth to be beautiful?
As a person who worked with the Elderly as a teenager, I gotta tell ya, “old” is relative. It varies so wildly person to person. I’m in my early 40s now and because I have blue hair and tattoos people assume I’m a lot younger than I am as a result. As times change, styles evolve , people live longer, lines get blurred, we can expect to see a lot more variety in fashion choices of women as we age. And personally …. Im super excited about that.
just keep dressing how you did when you hit puberty.
i looove this video!! as a history student who loves fashion this is so well researched and maayy inspire the next essay I have to write! much looveee <3333
Your videos are always so perfectly structured and researched! I love how you can present every topic and make it interesting, while keeping it fun at the same time. Can't wait to be able to support you on Patreon ❤
Phoebe Philos collection for her new is literally about successful older women plus she has always used them on her runways and in her campaigns…
I'm 49 and really appreciate this! You look so cute in this video. ❤
Wear what you want at any age! You only have (as far as we know) one life to live.🎉
I love the Explanation with the stick, it gives the video such a fun vibe.💙
the fashion industry hates plus-size women and men* especially in Europe
i feel you on questioning whether i dislike/aged out of soemthing "younger" or if i felt pressured to. i didnt gravitate toward a lok of y2k stuff because the colors and patters felt childish to me, but i always questioned whether i disliked it for myself at my age or felt i just couldnt wear it because of my age. ive settled on the former in most cases but its an interesting question.
Your videos are so amazing, as a 30 year old (literally only 30) I’m already getting targeted ads talking about how difficult it is for older women to lose weight and all sorts of “being old is bad” ads..it’s so discouraging.
LOVED THIS. i’m 27 and had my daughter in 2022. i feel like i’ve been battling with clothes ever since, for a number of reasons: postpartum, changing body, and now being a mother. i find cute outfits online that i want to recreate, but then i catch myself asking “wait, is this appropriate for a mom?” but this video has helped remind me that i still have so much life ahead of me, and i can wear whatever makes me happy! ♥️
As an older woman I can assure you we don't give a f*CK what anyone thinks about what we wear. We want to be comfortable and left alone lol.
It's interesting that a lot of marketing towards older women share similarities to marketing clothes for plus size women. The fashion industry makes it seem as though it's just too much work to find something that appropriately fits a body that isn't straight sized. So it just tells older women and fat women piss off to the corner so we can dress the young, skinny, attractive girls.
When I was a child and was bombarded by the fairy tales of, "old woman is bad, young girl is innocent" I wondered if the old witch had ever been the innocent young princess once, and if the young and innocent princess she would become the witch when she got old. So I was very afraid that when the princess got old, the charming prince would exchange her for another younger princess, then she would become the villain in the new princess's story, and thus a cycle would begin. I don't know why I commented that. I only remembered this while watching the video. I love your channel 😘
"pressured by society" these articles were written by women...   i know it is not so simple but it still seems strange to me. (btw, i am very anti religion, and any traditions or standards imo is a different and deeper issue)  lots of great info thank you soo much for the well researched video.
I  need the Chinatown pretty book in my house!
i already knew being an older woman was tough on you with society’s standards but this really gives me a whole new idea of how tough it must be to feel sexy into your late ages, with everyone around you telling you you CANT be. im so glad my grandma whos 70 dresses like she would have 50 years ago (granted, she was a hippie and still is to an extent) and embraces her beauty into her later years
Mina, your HAIR is ✨ elegant ✨
this white shirt is so great
Really great video! Also, love the hairstyle!
I'm a proud 43 year old cat lady spinster and I am very happy 😊
46 here, just aging naturally. I’m not going to try and stop biology. Feeling fine ❤
Consider this, the annual Vogue adult Book/Business Talent competitions are for persons 24 years old and under. I called up Conde Nast thinking it was a misprint and was informed by a very lovely lady that Vogue magazine is directed towards persons aged 17 to 24 years olds. That’s their desired demographic. Your to old for Vogue Magazine if your 25 years or older (25 is the cut off for all of their contests) The lady at Conde Nast had told me that all Book Company’s where ageist as well preferring younger attractive authors over older people. We talked about food/cookbooks etc, (how these cooks are very young and attractive) It makes me think how much hidden unseen talent is out there, not getting selected or opportunities due to being an older person.
Yay new Mina vid!!
Think "classic" clothes at any age!
amazing topic mina!! well done!!
this starts from us: stop normalizing people telling you "you look younger" as a compliment, it only reenforces the disdain men have for older women that gets passed down in culture. i don't want to look younger, i want to look my age, cause i'm proud of reaching it
Another thing to like about 1995 Pride and Prejudice — the older ladies keep up with the latest fashions. Mrs Gardner has the latest sleeves.
It's really more of a societal standard. A lot of older people from different demographics that are shamed for being old especially in western countries. Women have it a lot worse because it's been advertised in makeup since the times of the 1920s that cosmetics will make you look younger. People look down on older people because of the fact that it reminds them of the inevitable future.
Tracee Ellis Ross is a top tier fashion icon. she is in her 50's and she is still serving looks effortlessly
The worst is the Martha commercial.  Stereotypes!
I LOVE OLD LADIES. THEY ARE WHAT I WANT TO LOOK LIKE. my wardrobe and my style is literally inspired by old people. i love grandma sweaters with long skirts. i want to grow old and have wrinkles. i’m literally waiting for the day i grow gray hair. being old is a privilege and it’s the one thing i want out of this life.
Fabulous essay! As a 54 year old I have experienced nearly all of this but am at the f**kit stage of life so me and my long curly hair and platform boots will just keep trucking xx
It really annpys me how many movies you have with a much older man as the male lead but then a very ypung woman as the female lead - the example that comes to mind are a lot of spy movies honestly
I read Sassy religiously. Now I know why I never wore mascara on my lower lashes. It’s probably “aging” me now. 😅  15:45
MILF = Mutton in Lamb Fashion
People act like their not gonna age. Sigh aging is what we’re doing know if you don’t age you’re dead☺️
Omgod yess this topic has been eating at my skin for a while now. Like I was talking to my 10 year old sister about a book she’s writing and she has a main character who’s super successful married with loads of degrees but she only 25 and I was trying to explain that no 25 year old women would be that successful that realistically she’d be around 35-40 and she goes that’s too old  and I was flabbergasted like it just goes to show how obsessed with youth our generation is rn
I remember reading ‘Jane Austen for Dummies’ for my dissertation and it was an experience learning about entails and the law in the Regency Era.
MINA U R SO MOTHER!!!!!!!
2:21 ‘Sense and Sensibility’ (1995). What a lovely movie!
When I was married in the UK (age 25) I was listed as a 'spinster in the parish of Westminster'
mina posted we are FEASTING tonight
Ive seen more and more older people getting online wearing clothes "too young for their age" and im living for it!! There was a darling woman on tiktok who passed away last year near 90 years old who was dressing up in matching outfits with her granddaughter and stealing the show❤❤ she was so genuinely overjoyed and feeling herself and her confidence and smile were so contagious! Rewatching her tiktoks has been helping my own self-image and allowing myself to enjoy fashion again
I love listening to Mina Le while I work on my uni projects 🤭 thank you Mina for uploading today 😍
I'm so sick of ppl making fun of or judging women for being older and having wrinkles. Cause then when they get botox or any surgery to look younger NOW ppl wanna say, "You're not natural!" "You're plastic now" "You should've never gotten surgery!" Like, choose a side. 😒
Doves of all ages, get in formation at the town square!
This what Vogue Philippines fixed , they represented older Filipino women in the cover Vogue magazines and especially the Legendary Apo Whang Od .
damn now that’s a good topic
MOTHERRRRR WE'RE HEREEE
in a recent vogue cover, Naomi Cambell was photoshopped to look younger in a piece that was meant to empower the models of the 90’s. Ironic.
Yay! Love your vids!
My day always gets so much better when Mina uploads a new video❤
mina… you have done it again
Wake up, girlies, new Mina Le video just dropped ✨✨✨✨
Yayy
I clicked so quickly omgggg finally 😭😭😭
the legend never misses
first
❤❤❤
