For anyone wondering how I did this, there was no actual mod for it, I was simply using the Speedhack on Cheat Engine to manually crank the speed up bit by bit!  Also the thing I used to uhhhh "acquire" items is called johndisandonato's Practice Tool!
0:36 is it just me or does this look like a bootleg guilty gear? Same graphics style and even a gear in the title
Watching this video in 2x speed in 2025 be like…
These scripted falling deaths are hilarious 🕹😹😂
Love from a Rusty and Vaush fan!
Holy shit he predicted 67
22:20 best part
pov renalla became a sekiro boss lol
27:51 lmao
did he really said marika's tits? lol
19:00 lore accurate morgott frankly 💀
25:47 67??
22:20 67777 67 67 67
0:25 those dudes made Khazan before First Berserker was even a thing.
Put your levels in endurance. Then you can wear armor, and then you won’t be squishy.
this is so enjoyable to watch 😂😂
Watching this in 2x speed as god intended
Unironically, if the game could visually be in 120 or more fps - it might have been much easier
im confused why is aggy just playing sekiro?
My brain seems more comfortable with 220x speed than the base game speed. Boy... I need to play the game on that speed now
I watched it in 2× speed and it’s even funier
Thata cant be Sonic. Sonics arms arent blue!
Nobody in 2025 it seems… 😢😔
5:30 31:23
I would love if he revisited this.
First
31:23 Long and hard tarnished warrior
Cheating is for losers
31:24😂
Imagine fighting concert radan at 200% speed is crazy
„On the bright side it won’t take very long‘‘ A second later: night
6:36
If the bosses locked in
Me watching your video in 2x speed😌🤚
pov aggy is the little fly in my house
Ahh yes, Elden rings hardest boss. Fall damage
Soon as I read the neat premise, I thought "this will escalate into an unplayable hellscape".  A few deaths should make the dodge i-frames too unreliable, leading to even more deaths.  I'm it's possible without cheats, but it would need the build planned in advance.
ge vídeo velocity should get faster too o
Imagine what shadow of the Erdtree would be like…
if the scion kills you it isn't actually a death, it cuts to a black screen and never gives you the death screen
you dont die in the first death its shows you the you died but your hp goes too 1
can you explain to me how tf you discover that put on some boots make your cock bigger? XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
If you you play this video at .5x speed the game looks normal and aggy just seems drunk off his ass😭
No malenia? Cringe
The game was a lil laggy
28:45 this is the word man, on my first playthroug i tried to cheese them with the sleeppots, but managing their sleepiness distracted me so much that it ended up being easier to just fight them
Everytime he dies, just increaee the playback speed of the video
18:02  Goldfroy Jumpsacre
This is like going all the way to the end portal in hardcore survival, then deciding to enter creative mode for the ender dragon fight.
From the live stream Godfrey said "upon my name the first L" 💀💀💀
10% getting killed by bosses 90% getting killed by gravity
What you never been faster-than-light, merry-go-round sli ed to pieces by a marionette
You look way hotter now
I’m just waiting for the rune bear to attack him at 690% speed😏
6:35 trust me
Wtf short hair aggy
*G R A V I T Y*
Awesome challenge, hopefully we will see that for DLC as well. 🤩
5:48 ROTFL who else didn't know that Old aristocrat shoes change THAT, fromsoftware is crazy rly
This cheating is why skumnut is the goat
I Just saw a smurf
this vid should be named elden ring but its sekiro
Anyone else increases the playback speed
You were my inspiration to beat Elden ring and I beat it while watching this vid
how is called the program he use to give stuff in the game? is not cheat engine
He should revisit this after the DLC
Damn i got dizzy watching this
Gotta say, that sponsor goes well with this video, because every battle in Elden Ring in this video is going to look like an anime battle if I had to guess.  Btw, this comment is before watching.
No swear words
They finally fixed the delayed attacks.
This is like casual elden ring slowly turning into an anime fight scene where the fight is so fast you cant see the characters hands and its just light or smthng
The wiff on the malformed sentinel got me rolling
19:07 i like how melina runs up and is like, "wtf did you do to the game why are we so fast?!?"
When he said big animai i panicked cuz my mom was in the room 💀💀💀💀
Pro tip watch the video in 2x speed
Damn this dude looks 12 compared to his vids now.
The Marionette 😆 holy wow!
Each piece of the royal remains set gives you healing, not just the helmet. Every piece gives you +2hp per second for a total of 8hp/second with the complete set. With the icon shield it goes to 11hp/second
This reminds me of playing Nioh 2. I swear after like 300 hours in it, all the souls games are going in slow motion
"Marika's tits" "Yeeaaa"
1:00
Fun fact: if aggy had waited until the game speed went up higher before greyoll he would have seen that he has a walk, fly and attack animation mainly works from 400-500%
This is an all-timer.
It's sad to me that everyone has the mimic as goated and the solution to easy mode. Buy tiche is easily the best summon in the game. Her destined death would have helped way more than mimic this run
"fucking miss, cry, run to the other side" is going to be a mantra that will follow me forever
I kinda wish as the game sped up the editor sped up aggys voice that much for a few seconds lol
At 300% right now and laughing that probably half of your deaths were from falls my dude 🤣
how were you able to give yourself full stats and give yourself that item??
this is how it feels to play dark souls 2 on your first playthrough
marionette serious move, serious spin attack
I think he needs an eject button
11:51 this should just be the normal fight tbqh
Yes, Radahn can meteor infinitely after you trigger his phase switch to phase 2 and he meteors, he will meteor like every 3 minutes until you defeat him, so basically if you need 12 and  minutes to kill him after he switched to phase 2 he will meteor 4 more times
Elden ring but your high
goofy suggestion, you could have done a great stars build with wild strikes and had your mimic tear do a ton of work by self healing off it, and you have the same option. or prayerful strike, lotsa poise and self healing
He liked godrick because the base fight is so stupidly slow
You should have let the Grafted Scion kill you since it doesn’t reduce your health to zero, meaning it doesn’t actually kill you.
Aggy needs to do this again but his voice also gets higher by 1% each death
I feel like the early game speed increase 110 - 120% would probably be harder for someone like aggy who speedruns the game and does challenges alot to deal with compared to a new player, assuming the speed doesn't increase further. Only because the difference is subtle enough to just barely throw him off.
6:34
5:00 what did that chatter say
"Marikas tits"  "yeah😊"
5:21 you just watched a man almost quit the game in .2 seconds out of pure fear and muscle memory
Putting this video in 2X speed is a trip
6!36 "markia's tits" that dudes knows why some are on the journey lmao
Watched this while very high. Highly entertaining.
Wow! A speedrun.
See, that's how to do an ad. Show the gameplay immediately. Gj. 👌🏼.
Whats the name of the trainer? I Need one
I wanted to see malenia so bad.   Just once.
Man I hate the wheel in DNF it’s such a cheep move and it is the reason I don’t like facing Inquisitor
I'm surprised he didn't know that Grafted Scion at the start doesn't kill you. It drops you to 1 HP then teleports you to the starting cave where the cutscene with Melina and Torrent plays. He didn't have to die there and could have started free roam at base game speed, which could have maybe made things a bit easier
14:25 - "I am not risking anything here"  14:37 - "I MISSED!"  In today's episode of "Why Aggy shouldn't be peer pressured by chat"...
Only sigmas watch this video at 2x speed
You don’t die you keep the runes on the first boss
It's always the same shit with these lame runs. "LOL SUMMONS" on repeat. This guy was definitely shoved in his share of lockers in high school.
The authentic experience is to increase the video playback speed as the game gets faster
This must be how FromSoft games look to people who don’t play video games.
Right about when you're fighting Godrick, right as you've beaten that part after you finally actually killed Morg, It kind of feels like the gameplay transitions to Sekiro for a bit, Just because of the speed and the weapon you chose. And so like your godrick fight was kind of the last bit that felt comprehensibly something like a normal from soft game, I'll be at the literal fastest one
funniest video Elden Ring Category!!
Elden Beast basically firing off orbital lasers at that speed. lmao
In todays episode of Aggy going mad: what if Eldenring but on coke?
Graphics card goes BRRRRRR
All of us have sinned, turn to Jesus to be forgiven. Repent enless you want to end up with Satan, burning in hell for eternity. Jesus died for us so that we can be forgiven. Just accept it. “Jesus answered, ‘I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.'”
Will save you some time: He reaches endgame boss and since he cant beat him he gives himself 99 ALL stats (on ng) so he and his mimic take like 5% dmg from boss attacks...
Well, guess you lost that challenge
24:20
who edits these clips? The constant cuts during boss fights is confusing and headache inducing.
I didn't mind the cheating cause it was funny seeing fights at like x1000 speed
This was hilarious and amazing! Thx!
In this run he was truly fated to keep dying from fall damage 🤣🤣
Ah yes, a typical smart cleaner incident. You'll get em.
I feel like you should do placcy in these runs, such a cool boss and you basically go past him to get to malekith
pov: you go from demon souls to bloodborne
where can I find this mod?😍
The first real speed run
BRO GOT SPONSORED BY ARCAYSTEM LETS GOOO
Really wanted to see malenia fight loool
Got this game yesterday and didnt know nepheli can just solo godrick with ease. First try i guess hahaha
If it was Bloodborne ☠️☠️☠️
Is anyone going to comment on what that dude said here? 6:37
"Margit is one thing godricks gonna be a bit more difficult" in my opinion hes easy but the speed thing seems difficult
watch this video at 2 times speed by the end it will change the way you se the world
what where those cheats called??
This can only be truly enjoyed on 2x
mathematic
Lol just dont die and all is golden. Thank god this wasnt the case my first play through or id be at like 9m% speed😂
watched this vid at 1.5x speed for true immersion
If i played this, i would end up going from 300% to 3000% during godskin duo
0:20 yeah, of course i'm a big fan of big anime ti... omg wtf is this?
went from elden ring to elkiro
This looks like footage of normal people playing fast forwarded lol high vigor tanking every other hit lol
imagine watching this at 2x speed
2:23 by the flame of a bitch
"Elden Ring but every time you die YOU get 10% faster" would be easier per death but still fun/funny as you start zooming around a normal speed world
Now do Malenia
So you technically failed the challenge since you had to cheat multiple times. Got it
These fights became dragon ball Z fights so so fast
Watched this run in x2 that was weird
Interesting to see margit attacks at the speed they should be
Malenia: helloooo
33:41 put your speed to 2x then continue
12:03 giant *goober*
That Godfrey fight felt like a shitpost
you copying that line from sonic made me laugh and sub lol
Its even better with 2x watch speed
why does he kill alexander early instead of just killing him in farum azula for a better talisman?
DNF duel 💀
I keep booting up different games and I keep wondering how I’m going to play them at this speed, only to remember “oh yea this is a mod” Not sure wtf is going on in my head lmao
Alright but you deeefinitely should do this ng+ starting from 770.
gameplay too fast for your boomer eyes? try playing on 0.25 speed
I love when you saw me 😐when I send a message in twitch chat.
Content idea, same as this video.  But you have to use mouse and keyboard.
6:37 Marikas Tits!!
31:55 lore accurate giga loux fight
every time you died of fall damage was cumulative karma for a lifetime of killing patches
i sad there wasnt a Melania fight that would have the most of the speed.
14:55 chat really said that he skipped 291%-299%💀
Out of all bosses Malikith is the boss that kicked my ass the most I couldn't imagine him at 600% the speed 😂😂
I was watching the video in 2x. My head hurts
A lowly tarn🗿
"CHEAT ENGINE? Invalid run" Oh can it, whoever that was in chat. God, this fandom sometimes - "invalid run", what's that even _mean?_ xD He's dicking about goofing off with hundreds of percent speed-up, it's just some fun, stop being so stuck-up about your hArDcOrE gAmE, people.
Nice bloodborne gameplay
I've watched this video so many times and only now noticed the shrek behind him
Because im a sadist, i am watching this at double speed
I can’t do this challenge. I’d be at 1million % before I even got to godrick.
I just kept saying “you have a shield!” Lol he was not using it
Not bad for a cheat.
I love how once it goes above 200%, it feels like a 3D shmup.
If only my elden ring that runs at the speed of dark souls 1 would run 10% faster.
If You like anime girl boobs then You go to PH 😢
Elden Ring but is Dark Souls 3
This Big at the beginning of the Video is very Important. Nice Video and Challenge.
LilAggy: "300%+ speed BAYBEEEEEE LETS GOOO!" Me who can barely dodge on normal speed: 😢
sekiro combat
"the aristocrat boots make your cock bigger"
this game can't actually speed up more than 2.5 times
aggy try to get riposte challenge (level IMPOSSIBLE!!!)
Watching this on 2 times speed is legendary
That one dude at 8:19 is General Grievous.
I can't believe there are people like this that can play these games to such stressful extremes. I can't even beat Malenia without help lmao
ultrakill update went wild
31:24 is going to(or already is) become a staple in Elden Ring memes XD
“Let’s go” is already annoying, but adding cheats to be 99 all stats is just 🤌
If I'm not mistaken, you don't actually die in the tutorial. Your hp just drops to 1.
In the spirit of this challenge I rewatched this video in 2x speed and unsurprisingly, it was hard to follow
Bro! I love your edits! You've earned my sub! I'd love to see you make a video on what late game elden ring is like at level 450+ i'm currently 476
8:18 I don't see the problem here, this is just what happens if you give children coffee.
"DO YOU LİKE BİG ANİME- 2 and a half...." while showing anime girl with t.ts 0:21
This is what Max0r’s videos look like to the average person
Hahahahahahahahahahaha lol 0:25
Imagine malenia🤯🤯
"we cant lose" 1 second later "oh my god we're gonna lose"
2:00 is my favourite. you die right next to Kale and he looks at you a moment.... then returns to.... i dunno, fishing in the fire? seriously the fck are the merchants doing? anyway, i like how non-fucks he gives to TS busting down the place then murdering you.
For a challenge, (And yes I know I am 11 months late), you could do this combined with double bosses. That's if you truly crave chaos though. If you don't do it, that is fine. I am merely suggesting :)
Next playthrough he will do his taxes while he waits for the bosses attack animations to finish due to how slow they'll be
the real souls experience watching this video is watching it at 2x speed and trying to follow what happens in the game
Guess I won't watch this one on 2x speed
Watching him die to the same attacks that killed me over and over is actually nice. even if it takes the game to 5x speed to do it.
Video took to long so i played it in 2x speed xP
he knew what he was saying 0:27
Aggy working towards his life's goal of turning every game into sekiro.
Watch this at .25 speed
130% speed makes it dark souls.
What was the in game time at the end?
Elden ring, but with shonen speed battles
You could have used the pests threads incantation against Elden Beast. Since the incantation pierces enemies and drains the health of larger enemies and makes Elden Beast and utter cake walk. Try it sometime, you won’t be disappointed
Cheated ending was really unsatisfying
watching at 2x speed because we don't have time for that
i think your better with lots of SPEEEDD
lmao does he know you can just poke poke with the shield up and not take most of that dmg on serpent.
This but randomized
11:52 armored core VI preview
8:18, BEYBLADE, BEYBLADE, LET IT RIP!
Very fun to watch as always!,keep it up!
use destined death on radagon
Why don't you ever use black knife summon?
You actually aren't killed by the first boss if you let them just beat you up. You are left with 1HP. You only die if you jump off the edge.
dude turned the eldenring to nioh 2
Have a feeling this run was slightly invalid
10% speed increase + all triple enemies might just be impossible
Hey Aggy i think you missed a little something  GIVE US THE 770 MALENIA FIGHT
Lol why did i think the sponsor was Guilty Gear Strive.
it's literally so funny how he just divulges into cheating everytime he's faced with it getting too hard lmfao
Hear me out… this PLUS 1 HP, 1 FP and 1 Stamina….. I still think you could beat it.
Seeing him sliding out of control and falling off elevators to his death reminded me of the grand metropolis elevators from sonic heroes, which I guess is pretty fitting.
0:22 neuron activation
why tf are you not wearing any armor?
a speed up for 5% for each death may have been a little more reasonable, but this is hilariously entertaining to watch
Marikas tits-
Dude playing dmc5
Probably the funniest run.
2x playback speed for the ultimate experience...... *my retinas are burning*
I love dmf duel
I love watching this video because when the game speed is upto about 200%, I like to put the video speed at 0.5, the game speed looks normal but Aggy sounds like he's just permanently high all the time, and since his facial expression doesn't change all that much, he looks it too. It's great lmao
that's the speed of my anxiety nightmares
He died 67 times, that’s like 1/2048 of my death rate in Elden ring💀💀
I cannot believe the amount of confidence you repeatedly used to throw yourself off cliffs to land on a potential skip, when the sped up game seemed to make it much harder
i genuinly thought that the 500% speed was a click bait but once i saw he died 10 times in less than 10 mins i asked myself if he wouldnt actually go way higher than 500% 💀
my man missed the hit at 14:37 i fckn died 😭
Ive never seen someone turn on their chat so quickly than you did at draconic tree sentinal, I MISSED SEE CHAT SEE!?😂😂
This answers the question "What if Elden Ring was paced like Ultrakill?"
50% speed kinda goes crazy
Please What mis did hé uses to get all the levels
Not only Mimic but stat cheating as well, omfg.. pathetic
imagine this but sekiro💀
i havent laughed this hard in a long time thank you 😂
вот он. КАЗУАЛЫЧ
Now watch the entire vid on 2x speed
wyd i always play at 150% game too slow ._>
what is the cheat he is using ?
"mimics not doing too hot"  *meanwhile mimic is literally standing in lava*
I think the black knife summon would be very good if he used it in this challenge
I was watching in 2x speed really fun
now you start a new game starting at 770% speed and progressively get slower in 10% increments every time you die... playing at 10% speed would be psychological torture
Margit finally beatable
Gideon never stood a fuckin chance
no malenia fighter, no success ;) go repeat again
cannon elden ring
bro made me actuslly almost puke felt like a fever dream
I wanna see how fast Melania has become at the end
Aggy : *casually walks off an edge  Also aggy : DUDE ARE YOU KIDDING ME
True warriors watch at 600% speed
A hollow victory. What's the saying? "You only cheated yourself out of a satisfying victory."
Average sekiro boss's"
Failed the challenge but was fun to watch.
Lmao, I thought the start of that sponsored section was not gonna say what it said
Cool now do melania
It would’ve been interesting if every time he killed a major boss he could’ve rolled the speed back
i disliked the video for killing alexander
the 500% speed isnt real it caps at a certain % i think at 250% speed
i mean you could just let grafted scion "kill" you since your hp doesnt go to 0, so basically you dont die your just on 1 hp
No cap bloodhounds fang is my fav weapon so love that your using it not a lot of ppl like that weapon
Can someone do the maths of how many times he died
L O N G     A N D     H A R D
Since bosses have such a delay before they actually attack, for a person who hasnt played eldenring this probably would look like no speed up at all. lol
I swear to god the cut off Godfrey dialogue had me fucking crying
u cheated
so aggy used to spit on sleep pots?
Bro should have used radhns great rune for radhn
To get the full experience of this video watch it at 2x speed
8:18 indeed what the f*ck
Aggy: "Are you a fan of big, anime..."    Aggy: "2-and a-half-D fighting games" He had us in the first half
i want your patience bro
Other people: let's summon "roj ear" This menace: let's summing roger
I thought his character was one of those purple minions
The death at the beginning shouldn't count as a death because you don't lose your runes when you die there.
elden ring, but every time you die you delete the footage
If you don't throw yourself off the cliff, you don't die. The boss doesn't kill you, so you made it harder than it needed to be at the start.
9:10 , Excuse me yall isnt that a  sped up voice?
That ad almost had me
This reminds me Furi ... that game is crazy
0:24 yes 0:25 no
Now thats what I call speedrunning
"how to destroy your pc in 5minutes" tuto
You should do the opposite every death the  game gets slower
has heco trampas
Elden Ring ADHD edition.
Long and hard, tarnished SPERMED by the grace of gold
I do believe you fucked around, and you may indeed have found out
Marika's tits? 6:36
i summoned roger for margit too... 6months later than this video... i thought smmons were other people...
what souls would look like as a shonen
8:19 general griveous moment
So everything isn’t really faster if he’s faster too
DNF Duel is cool i tried it. Thanks for sponsoring.
Lástima que está en inglés y yo detesto ese idioma
My game speed in 5 Hours of gameplay is almost the Sound Barrier
i loved this video, but the editing sucked. no complaints, i love ur shit
"sonics wearing a dress now" - DeviantArt artist
Chat was right about banished knight oleg, the guys a tank
Chat was right about banished knight oleg, the guys a tank
"Long and hard Tarnished" "The first L"  This is too good
Er but It Is sekiro
in my opinion, margit is harder than godrick. Im not that good at the game, but I can lvl 1 godrick everytime but margit, hell no.
Now this is what you call a speedrun.
Those shoes . I need those shoes.
Dark souls 3 be like:
POV malienia 🏎️
Haven't had this good of a laugh in a good while. Absolutely hilarious :D
27:48 "Look at us gooooo" "I'm in the zooooone with this" *_dies_* still him : 🗿     idk why but I lost my shit laughing 💀
We just gonna ignore 6:36?💀
Imagine a revenant at 300% speed
Would’ve been funnier if the title was just clickbait for your deathless run
Yes I do like big anime oh oh thats what you meant okay
honestly the most amazing part of this is that the game was able to run at 770% speed and nothing broke
11:51 fighting a mage in pvp
You cheat, and thus you failed❤️
what is that pop up he used to speed up his game and get items and cheats?
31:23 "Long and hard Tarnished Warrior"
MADE IN HEAVEN!!
18:01 goldfrey jumpscare
worse enemy in the entire game is the imps
10% I think is too fast maybe 1%
why i heard  6:37 ,, marika tits'' XDDD
how it feels to go to ds3 after playing ds1
I watch all my YouTube videos on 2x speed so this was twice a messed up hahahah
Super Sanik speed!!
ok now do it without cheating
The early goofing really made the rest that much harder, since you can comfortably get over leveled for the first half of the game without that many deaths, still fun to watch tho.
wait what happens when yu watch the fastest part while speeding the video?
Dark Souls 3
37:05 what menu is he using here?
I think my heartbeat and breathing sped up as well 🤣
I watched this in times2 speed,its glorious
Watching Radahn fight on 0.50 speed, so that its almost normal speed but Aggy is half speed is very fun :'D Can recommend
Couldn't you just absolve yourself and bring him back to life? (Alexander)
It's the Youtube Poop playthrough
31:24 long and hard tarnished sperm💀
Bushy ripped from this video badly. He did the whole playthrough at 200 percent, but he cheesed the whole game using a shield absorbing all damage and a spear to constantly stun and attack whereas Aggy tried to adapt to the new speeds and didn't cheat until the final boss when it was getting more and more impossible.  One makes for an entertaining video, the other does not.
What's the mod I can use to increase the game speed?
Where do you find Alexander’s summon sign for the fire giant? I can never find it
Godfrey killed me
It would have been amazing if Godrick bled on the final hit
Rennala becomes Kakashi with that cast speed.
The fire giant looks like he’s in real speed
You're not actually increasing the game by 10% every time you die, you're adding 10% to the speed multiplier. Get your title right.
Now do it again in Patch 1.07
24:56 wtf is happening at this point
Bro is playing at super saiyan speeds
yes i AM interested in big anime... never mind
What is the cheating engine called
I feel like I should kill every boss on the first try on normal. Thanx for making us all feel inadequate. Lol.
Instead of jumping off at the beginning and getting the penalty the first boss doesn’t actually kill you. No “you died” banner appears because you actually go to 1hp and then the cut scene happens.
26:51 you do realize the silver tear mask gives +8 arcane right? you had it right there and used someing that only gives +4
Instead of any %, now you're doing 600%?
spiderman would be perfect for the mimic tear, then you can replicate the meme
I watched a video like this once except it was Yhorm getting faster and faster
Would've been fun if the run wasn't filled with obviously intentional deaths
Whats the mod name ?
Gravity is the real enemy in this run
run invalid
Alexander should be the final boss
Lore accurate speed
is this cracked game or you are risking your steam account
I have been addicted to YouTube for years. I have nothing in my life because of it, my addiction effectively ruined my brain. But, when I heard “long and hard tarnished” I realized all the years of pain and suffering were worth it.
I love when boggart just says "marikas tits" then you walk away
just thinking of maekith now
invalid run. spawned in gloves that added stat bonuses. L + ratio + maidenless + torrent said ur ass felt like a pile of bricks u flat ass mf
Only liking cuz of big anime 2d 😂
right before you said no more farting around i was sniffing my wafty fart.
4:44 Bleeheed! Bleeheed! Bleeheed!
Filthy cheater
Devastated that Aggy left out Godfrey’s exclamation of “WHORE WARRIOR!”
dude how are you so bad. If it was me I would be going Mach 10.
37:26 "You're familiar with Billy Mitchell, world video game champion? He could probably do it. So I gotta find a way to harness his power, and I think I found a way. That's right, we're gonna cheat!"
Could only stomach 10 min. Retitle this falling simulator KBYE
curious what it looks like when played back at normal speed
always fun to see a bloodborne challenge!
Ya know, the sadist in me was kinda hoping to see a Malenia fight at those insane speed levels 🤔😁
Definitely not your usual "speedrun"
Oh god 6x speed Hoarah Loux with his street fighter second phase is terrifying
vaatividya crying cause he can’t watch the cutscenes
wow even the most amazing player in the world had a moment of weakness. Fascinating thing to be a human.
feels almost like bloodborne
3:32 bro got humbled real quick
Long and hard tarnished killed me 😂
Watching this gave me anxiety.
what mod is that you use to get the shoes and gloves
The average anime fight be like:
Raptors of the Mist would have helped for the chariot.
I love lilaggy every time am I bored I just come here and my boredom has died ❤
Run Failed, oh well gg
Shouldn't that be incredibly easy for someone of your caliber? I bet you beat the game without dying already several times, so why not here? :-)
Am I the only one who is watching this in double speed? XD
“Long and hard Tarnished, spurned by the grace, be assured, resteth close, Upon my…”- Godfrey First L P.S. he was definitely gonna say cock next.
when "everytime i die, enemies deal 10% more dmg"
well if you "die" to the first boss, it actually doesnt count as a death since you dont see the death screen. You survive with 1 hp and get ported to the next section
Putthesefoolishambitonstorest- Morgot
When he said "Are you a fan of big anime..." I had my fingers locked onto the arrow keys and alt F4.
Let’s try rena…Damn dogs.
next everytime you die the game gets slower
Are you a fan of big.. anime... 2.5d fighting games
31:24 is phenomenal
It's twice funnier if you set YouTube player speed x2
"challenge run"  *abuses npc summons for every boss*   these two things dont go together
What mod is that, trying to do cosplay runs start to finish without having to finish half the game before “starting the cosplay”
you wasted a free 10% at the start of the game, if you got "killed" by the grafted scion you dont technically die, your health stops at 1 every time.
He died more from falling then to bosses
“Long and Hard tarnished”
3:32 that was perfect comedic timing lmao
What gpu and cpu does lilaggy use?
I wish aggy went to melania bcus i just wanna see how fast waterfowl dance is at like 700% speed lmao
Man this is crazy I know people that can't dodge these bosses to save their lives (my sister) and your going Hyper speed
That 260% Renala is kinda what I imagined Renala to be when people told me about her before I got Elden Ring.
idea. every time you die you watch 10 episodes of one piece.
18:02 bin gangplank throwback
Whoever edited this cut out the best parts of Godfrey's dialogue.
not sure if im going crazy, but why does he sound a tad sped up. Is it me thinking it cause the game is sped up or is he actually sped up. I wanna know
Elden Ring: Rivers of melting edition
Waterfowl dance would have incenerated your rig
"And stunning visuals" Yeah, the stunning generic anime fighting game style. I will never understand how those games are so popular when they're all the exact same thing
Does anyone know what cheat menu mod he’s using? Looks helpful so I don’t have to spend so many hours and runes tryna level up my stuff
Easy mode: you go fast, bosses stay the same Hard mode: you stay the same, bosses go faster
Your comment section is surprisingly full of telegram scam bots
31:22 Yo Godfrey kinda sus
The first time I got in the rykard phase I got it first try because the mimic tear broke poise and then I broke poise and kept doing this with the charge ability so I got him 1st try
Wow, it’s the SAME bot
do this but 10% slower each death
Man you really earn your views, this gave me anxiety and I’m watching from the toilet.
Well, guess I know what to do if the world goes 800% speed up for whatever reason. 99 stat baby!!
"Emboldened by the flame of ambis me too
140% is how I want the combat speed to be. Moves have enough time to be reacted to, at least the initial strike anyway, and from the looks of things likely would help with how buffering works. The input delay in the base game is just long enough for me to think the games eaten my input and so I press again only to have two of them come out leaving me quite vulnerable or more commonly, dead. Idk, feels like bloodborne and sekiro minimised a lot of this issue - though still present, especially in bloodborne - but elden ring seems to have intensified it while keeping the quicker movesets of bosses. It's kinda left me wishing they found a way to implement more gameplay elements of sekiro when it comes to the player characters, parries and possibly some form of stamina/structure to go with it. Would have been nice to become quicker to contend with the movements of the bosses as opposed to essentially playing the same as a strength built only with an extra hit on enemies during openings. Yee, I get it's pretty unrealistic given the size of the game, options available to the player, and all the considerations related to both PvE and PvP combat.  Regardless, I do feel the combat relies too heavily on delayed attacks in hopes the player heals or goes for 1 hit too many. This is fine, just overused in the game and with the lack of interesting defensive options available to the player, I find it leaves combat a little meh. Plus with the input delay and buffering system it can make it pretty unsatisfying imo. Having said all that, I do really love this game in a lot of ways and recognise much of what I've said is very forgivable given the scope of what FS achieved in other aspects of the game. Rant over, thanks for reading 💛
Sleep pot and deaths poker, it's the way.
I wanna use what you used to get to 99 all stats for my elder ring on ps4
what is that menu  how do i get it
Why is the sponsor this game right after I got the game lol.
So many challenges would be a whole ton more convenient if people actually used shields to block.  Obviously still try to roll attacks but any 3.5-weight, 100% medium shield boost survivability an incredible amount
"i am fan of big anime"
So this is a bit of a departure from the "challenge run" videos. But I just watched a "we only have 30 minutes to get OP and then we fight" Elden Ring video, and that seems like a great way to do some collab videos with other ER creators.  30 mins or 1 hour (starting after getting Torrent?) in your own world. Then when time's up you Duel. (They used the seamless co-op mod, but I think individual worlds makes more sense)  You can add any restrictions to make it more interesting (no Greyoll, same starting class, no teleports), or alternatively mod in some extra stuff (medallions, free runes so you can skip grinding and just collect gear).  You can start with 2 people and 1v1, but if you do it tournament style then any number of people can join. With the right mix of people and rule changeups, could be some infinite content until DLC?
Ok. But the true final boss is Melania at any amount of enhanced game speed above 200%
When you gonna upload
Why do these challenge runners always refuse to wear armor until the end game
U should do malenia
And then watching the video at 1.5 speed!
will you play that one elden ring overhaul mod?
You should do one where every time you die the game slows down
Silver tear mask gives 8 arcane
Godskin noble's super fast like 20 stabs would be scary
Hello fun people, just have a random question here. Does Aggy have a tutorial or tips for Sekiro, yn for new players, and such?
U guys should check out ymfah if u like this channel too !!
Elden ring scarlet rot run when 🗿
What is the cheating engine that he is using?
Do loading times increase with game speed
It's fun when the entire video is played at 1.5x speed.
This would be great in Sekiro
18:01 bro the tarnished gonna get nightmares after that
aggy if you didnt know you can use raw meat dumplings on a mimic to give it 3 heals
what did you use to give yourself items?
Just saying you should try this in reverse. Elden Ring but everytime I die the game gets slower. Obviously only like 5% each time but still seems interesting. Might not be usable for a whole run but it would probably be fun.
As Godfrey once said: *Long and hard*
Beta mindset, what kind of challenge is this supposed to be if you give up at the end.  Like just wear decent amor from the beginning, dont yolo this hard for the first 4 hours so the animations of attacks can still be seen at the end of the run.
Time to fight malenia 😟
that Shrek picture in the back 😂
8:19  SPEEEEEEEEN
you love to torture yourself
For next run try Great Stars +30 Mace combined with ash of war Prayerful Strike Thank me later ;)
Hello community, I am fairly new to the game. First playthrough. I always wondered how people assemble their full builds. Do you go in NG+ to fully enjoy it? I always believe you can barely fully enjoy your build in the first playthrough since you get it together so late. How do you guys do it?
whats the point of doing a challenge like this if you're just gonna cheat stuff in?
"Long and Hard Tarnished, be assured upon my Godfrey The First L."  That man be thirsting or he knows that he was the first to limp out, either way Hilarious.
Unlocking ui
Someone do this with ds2
I feel so bad for the demihuman queens :/ they try to use glinstone pebble but theyre too dumb and they get mad
I am not okay with that pronunciation of Rogier lol
1:55 since always he's really more terrifying then he gets credit for sometimes
I always love the “hi YouTube” chats basically whenever you mess up
You should play elden ring with the permadeath mod
Honestly I enjoyed the entire video until you made all your stats 99 to beat the elden beast. Kind killed it for me
With that sponsor he really had us in the first half
Now use YouTube Playback speed x2 and double enjoyment)
Subscribed just due to the sonic adventure 2 reference
77 deaths isn’t too bad tho
"maybe bernies not worth it" is what every woke snowflake that grows a braincell says quietly to themselves
The cheese is so strong you may as well think of the game speed increase as a convenience.
Where tf is Malenia?
I wonder what melenia looks like with 800% speed
if you pl;ay the game at a really high speed right when you get tghe gam and beat it then play on normal game speed is everything just really slow for you or like do you just die because oyo u have the wrong timing
No melania?
I really want to see "Can you beat Elden Ring using only consumable runes" Rules are you can only use Runes obtained from the consumable Golden runes,Hero's rune etc. For all leveling and item purchasing.
Finally I can get into souls games
haven’t seen full video yet, but i can’t even imagine maliketh 😂
*use the horse for Radahn*
Honestly if you're fighting radhan yourself, it's easier to not use summons bc then he has a lower health pool and doesn't freak out with his attacks
Shouldve made it so that if you killed a boss you decreased it by 10%
Aggy i was able to beat Sekiro by watching your strats for the bosses (not the cheese ones) thank you very much :) <3
Que pedo rey, llegue a tu canal gracias a qué el Acre guapo reacciona a tus vidios, no te entiendo nada pero son entretenidos, os quiero mucho guapos.
What's this about a PS5 giveaway lad??
Hey everyone if you receive a message from someone saying you’ve won a ps5 and WhatsApp them, it’s a scam they are pretending to be lil Aggy.
So I’m taking it that you didn’t did once battling the twin gargoyles to get to Ainsel River?
This was funny as hell man
yo do the opposite! Maybe not 10%, but the game gets slower every death
Would have loved it if you had fought Malenia
Now try the game gets 10% faster but based on the current speed. Good luck XD
Bro I died of laughter when he said why not the bull goat armor why not
You ruined it at level 700+!
LilAggy I thought of a run where you have yashariku's sugar for a entire sekiro run. Like you are always affected by yashariku's sugar for a whole run
what engine are you using for this?? (on pc btw)  i want to try this challenge!
fun fact if you let the grafted scion boss "kill" you in the beginning, you live with literally 1 health and get teleported. So you dont actually die.
Bro you’re just playing bloodborne without the cool shit at this point lol
Only slightly disappointed an 800% speed Malenia wasn’t shown at the end lol
Not gonna hold you my motion sickness started to act up a little bit 😅😂😂
"Don't get greedy, don't get greedy" Seconds later "Mimic tear is dead, get greedy"
Hi Aggy, do you ever plan to go back to Sekiro to beat kokoronotes Any% Speedrun of 19:45?
Now start the game at 770% speed, and everytime you die, the game speed gets halved. Dying more than 3 times will make the game unbearable, that's basically the limit.
Entertaining video, cool idea, cheers 🎶✌
Honestly i wish the game ran at 2x speed 80% of the time i’m replaying it, so much empty walking and galloping
No Malenia at 600% speed ? Understandable.
Don't spoil how its gonna be latter in the video, it ruins the whole thing
Hi Aggy, Will you consider replaying Sekiro: Resurrection mod? It's come a long way since the time you've played it
Hello aggy, I was wondering if u can beat sekiro without enhance ur physical attributes or ur attack power I’ve tried this challenge and I only got to owl
people say elden ring is dead, but you still pull double your subcount views of these vids sooo, not quite as dead as people claim. More importantly, sanic fast run is good, even with the slight cheating there at the end
It's not cheating, it's called strategy!!!😁
Next time it should just be you who goes faster and not the enemies
Now fight malenia
Im sorry how the HELL is this possible lol XD what was the final speed even? 1000%?
29:37,holy shit menace to society😂
Nah what you did to Gideon was unfair 😭😭😭
cheated win
27:50  video taken before disaster
It'd be cool to reduce speed by 10% for killing a boss
Hey aggy Please try the "Sekiro but every enemy  is Gardian Ape " I bet its very difficult
Just losing to the first guy doesn’t count as a death, you health never drops to 0
check the game after?!? dont you already make ENOUGH money I dont think you need MOOROREEEEE money you make enough money from those like 2 ads for every 500k  people
For a really crazy video watch at x2 speed
Mimic Tear, Rivers of Blood, Lord's Divine Fortification. TFW the challenge runner playing on 6x speed uses the exact same build you used to get through the end game on normal speed.
I don't understand how speedrunners are so quick in selecting and de-selecting their equipment while they are sprinting with the horse. I always need to stop moving to change my gear. Do they change the keybinds on controller for this so they can make it quicker?
watch the video at x2 speed for real content
On the plus side the enemies actually attack when they telegraph they are about to attack
what is the mod for the stats change guys
34:39 that CANT be normal game speed... Just by watching your video, you done brokeded my playing experience some what like damn hahaha. Maybe that's the hack to "git gud" in 4 hours or less
Omen at 130% is actually more natural  What gets me is the delayed attacks
Do something other then play video games
Do you not have a life
"mom, can we have bloodborne pc port?" "no, we have bloodborne pc port at home" bloodborne pc at home:
"I am a god if I win this run." *gets eaten by Rykard*  That... yep.
i suck at elden ring so the only armor i use is rannis hat, deathbed dress, and noble trousers because gauntlets/gloves are for losers
tha game sponsoring this video is literally a copy of dragon ball fighter z but with different characters and abilites
Next time the same challenge, but every enemy is Malenia 🤡
Since everything gets faster, its more like "Every time I die my perception of time gets slower" from the perspective of everyone else
Okay,  PLEASE after radahn I BEG you watch in 0.5 speed.
When he said Bill Engvall I lost it
I got the elden ring add on this video lmfao
This is actually very good to see dodge timing
im pretty sure i died less to fall damage in my casual playthrough. he wasn't even dying to underestimating the distance under a cliff on his horse while exploring, he literally just walked off of ledges over and over.
When he reloaded the save and the speed dropped again, he was like "THIS IS NORMAL GAME SPEED WHA-" and my brain had to hit the brakes to understand what was happening lmao  Also, the 2x speed rewatch was even funnier, bahahaha!!
big anime t
imagine if he fought malenia
The first one is not even a "real" death.  You Don't even lose your souls.
What's the point of timing a run of you're just gonna cheat engine when it gets too difficult
How about a play through where you get taunters tounge right away and beat the game with it constantly on
16:20 and onward 😄😄
The increased combat speed makes it looks almost like a character action game like Bayonetta or devil May cry
im gonna fucking scream if i see another dnf duel ad
what did you use to give yourself the aristocrat boots?
Now this... THIS is a Speedrun.
I wanted to see Malenia in this chalenge xD
In order to increase the game speed by 10% with each death, you'd have to multiply the current game speed by 1.1 every time you die, instead of increasing it by 10% of the base speed.
Aggy cheats it in, Radagon punishes.
Is this how you increase fps?
Awesome. Now do this with a dance matt controller.
Now your just playing sekiro die twice
Another trick with the Mimic Tear is that you can equip yourself with the aromatic that works like the bubbletear and they will use it at the start of the fight, and you, too, can get the benefit from it.
最后确实难度太阴间了，这哥们再玩得起也顶不住
You should reverse this challenge going slower everytime you die. No cheats ofc
haha nice one the wtf why is this game so slow also shocked me xD
You fight assassins, giants, multi-limbed monstrosities and literal demigods, and conquer them all.   But this video proves, without a shadow of a doubt, that one enemy remains unbeaten through it all.       Your truest and most dangerous Souls enemy:  gravity.
bro what was that cheat table u used GIMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE i finished the game and im playing w bullet arts and that wud make it so much easier to get the weapons i wanna play with
"Do you bleed?" - Batman
When Godfrey spams his foot stomp😳
This run is illegitament, as it progresses it becomes more and more obvious that the game is sped up. He probably put a timer on in editing to make it look more legit....smh
as long as we are clear you didint actualy do it.. you couldnt have done it without cheating.. lol but it was really cool to see
Just stun lock rykard
Why didnt you just fight rykard instead would've been so much easier
STOP DOING SKIPS
I want videos everyday oh my god I'm dying for your content
ROB in this run turns you into Jetstream Sam lol
So 770% Malenia fight? :D
I'm so happy that more people are getting sponsored by DNF Duel. It's such an amazing and fun game I's been the only game I've played since it came out
togetha
I like this speedrun
Adderall be like
weird. didnt you kill Alexander at Radahn's arena? how was he in Azula later?
I wonder what a fight with malenia would look like with this speed
cheater
What is this cheat plugin he used?
For every hit the game gets 10% faster or slower, its random
what kind of mod is this would like to have too https://youtu.be/thl3zCK3W7Y?t=348
Malenia🤔
Morgott's subtitles summarized: I hate everyone
i think its a bit faster
I guess you could say that fight with Alexander at 600% was a little... jarring...
Not showing every dialogue speed
I wonder if there's a mod that makes you drop your inventory with your runes. That would makes retrieving your runes much more intense.
im genuinely gutted i didnt get to see you fight malenia at 700% speed would've been a sight to see
should have made the mic a little higher each time so by the end you would have sounded like a chipmunk
cheater.
Those flame skulls in rykards second form suck at regular speed, let alone 490%
Fire Giant: "So anyway, I started blastin"
As a ninja gaiden connoisseur this looks like a snooze frfr
DNF duel is pretty fun for anyone wondering , and pretty easy pick up
Thumbed up the video for BIG ANIME 2D games.
37:17 this chaos 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I think there might be something wrong with your game. when I played through it everything was just a bit slower.
Ah yes BIG... anime fighting games
Elden Ring, but everyone is from bloodborne XD
Imagen Malenia with 770% gamespeed
I got elden ring platinum trophy
The speed boost turned poison into scarlet rot.
Ah yess… bloodborne kombat
i realize that fighting her would be absolute hell, but where is Malenia, Blade of Miquella?
do this on NG+7
Long and hard tarnished the chat: HAHA HE SAID LONG AND HARD  i feel like watching a middle school class commenting
LONG AND HARD, TARNISHED
Can I get the name of the program that makes this kinda stuff? I wanna try some challenge runs. Also will it ban me if I use this offline only? I stilll wanna be able to play normally online with my friends
Pretty sure the way that the sleep status effect usually works in games is that you are supposed to attack the OTHER target... haha
If it werent for the dumplings you wouldnt have won! Jk, fantastic video as always :D
A randomized version of this where between every boss the speed changes to a value between 10%-1000% could be fun to watch.
Blasphemous blade..... the old faithful "tank this you filthy casual"
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates_🟥
31:16 average elden ring pvp experience
Imagine Malenia at 800%
31:15 POV: someone invaded you at stormveil
Mimic is stupid with bullgoat and great stars with prayerful strike.. throw in dumplings, warming stones and sleep pots and that thing doesn't die..
140 speed looked a lot like bloodborne natural speed
You should have also sped up the end screen music
How about everytime you move north/south the game gets 1% faster per step and everytime you move east/west the game gets 1% slower per step? Would make a pretty interesting boss battle.
That ad game looks sick i just gotta say
The real strongest elden ring boss is the cliffs.
Wow its amazing you did this without cheating at all!
140% actually looked really cool to watch ngl, think that was my favorite speed
Bro your worst enemy in this run is the platforming
The amount of times he died to gravity is more than I would've thought it'd be LMAO
8:21 is every beat saber player ever when 200% speed.
Haven't played in a while. Whys there a gold summon on like every boss now?
CHALLENGE : order a pizza and speedrun any% a game before the pizza arrives
How about enemy attack speed and movement increases but yours stays the same?
Yoooo i thought godrick said "hello retard." 💀💀💀💀💀💀😭😭😭
the actual game speed capped at around 300%.
CONGRATS ON TRENDING AGGY!! :D
You'll never be able to play normal speed again!
Your commitment is admirable... I suppose you have that in every aspect of your life. I would've gave up half way through.... I guess that's why I'm not the streamer and you do what you do. Very fulfilling when you complete the almost impossible challenges you set for yourself. Great job keep it up... I love elden content and you are in the top 5.... Next challenge idea.. every enemy one hits you?   You are the long and hard tarnished lol.
I notice you didn't fight Malenia. It ain't a challenge if you don't take up the challenge of the hardest boss.
Watching this at times two speed was a different experience…
When the game is at 400% speed, I believe it is lagging, because it doesn't feel like 4 times faster, also, if you set playback speed to 25%, it feels super slow
What is better the shard of Alexander or the blood executions talismen
Morgott was a fuckin' Beyblade combined with a blender.
I have never died for the skip in Leyndell. Crazy you did twice.  Blasphemous blade is the easiest for PvE.
Would love to see a full playthrough at... Idk... Somewhere around approximately ~150%-ish, or so. More or less.
amazing
If you'd used Malekith's Black Blade instead of the incantation/Blasphemous Blade, you'd probably have won with Mimic Tear.  Or just used Comet Azur with Mimic Tear.
Coming from his stream to help with the algorithm. Ummm... Here's a toxic comment I guess cuz YouTube.
Can't wait for cringy stipulation shit like this to die
Well, gonna watch it after i play it
Trending LETSGO
Can you beat Elden Ring while only using Ruin Fragments as thrown weapons? You can equip them and throw them
I wonder if aggy will ever have voice break
man i would watch you learn a fighting game now that ive seen your dnf duel ad
DNF Duel is actually fun guys. Im surprised to see an ad for it though lol
nice.
Yooo the editing on this crazy!! Shout out to them!!
What do you think of doing malania with your Last speed 770% XD
Think the worst part of this challenge is that once you get used to hyper speed there's no going back to regular.
This was such a fun stream to watch! Video is great and well edited too.
Watching this video in 2x speed is insane 😂
11:05 HES GOT THE ZOOMIES!
if you played warfare this is nothing new
So did the blacksmith start smithing so fast he slowed down?
I love how the game going faster makes Aggy talk faster
It would be better to start the run again than to cheat at the end
I love the troll sped up. Dude just Alex Jones runs at you
This is nuts. Holy shit.
Was the speed modifier or Aggy’s level higher by the end? 😂
makes your elden bigger lmao.. btw what is that cheat engine?
25:21 HEY LOOK IT ME
This mod takes *when is it my turn*  To a WHOLE other level.
I just want to see malenia at this speed, I don't expect a win I just want to see the pure mind melting insanity
i ordered some kfc just to watch ur vid. never really liked challange runs but i loove your contents. and Tye Taylor  too.
Plot twist:this is just a normal play through that he sped up in editing
I went with the theme and watched at 1.5 speed
"Dude im a god" gets fucking face blasted by a ballista arrow
now watch this video at 2x speed
should've at least fought one cemetary shade
godfrey left the throne to become gaylord
this is how elden ring is for people with bad reaction times
33:43 everyone at the end of Pick a Bale of Cotton
0,25x speed on 23:30 and this video
Hi Twitch.
Now for the other souls games
Long and hard, tarnished.
at 5:48, what are you using please?
Boi be playing a MaxOr edit
Watching at 2 times speed like normal and like how the hell does he see that coming. Then realize I'm at 2 times speed and oh makes sense
great next you have to make everytime you die 1% slower :)
21:18 Radahn is so Powerful he was able to resist instakill and send it back to the caster.
I love your Videos :D
99 all stats mimic, yeah ))) I'm not complaining though. I perfectly understand that this challenge is as complex, as no-hit (or even no-deaths) run with 110% speed is -- but it wouldn't gather as many viewers.
should have tried with blood hound step
This is the speed game journalists play on
Technically you wouldnt even need to increase game speed after getting "killed" by the Scion at the beginning, because your hp has a lower cap that just makes your screen black out  You do not die (even according to the game code) and even keep your runes
Now so the opposite, every time u die it gets slower
But what was the save file play time at the end?
Can someone tell me the mod he is using i wanna do this challenge
No malenia doesn't count
If you slow down the footage it just becomes an average run from a souls newcomer
Lore accurate speed in elden ring
Just select playback speed 0.25x
Does anyone know what mod he’s using for the cheats?
12:41 Watching this run I wasn’t sure what was going to explode first, Aggy’s computer or Aggy’s head. 😂
This is great, even better watching it at 2x speed
I don't know if it matters, Aggy, but the reason why the OneShot button killed you is because of your passive healing. Passive healing is applied as an attack with negative damage, which heals you - but that tool you're using just sets ALL damage to a bajillion, including your passive healing ticks.
Anime is fucking lame.
You should have done your outro sped up to 770% as well!
whoever commented in chat that blasphemous blade is useless for bosses is crazy
best way to describe Eldenring 31:24
Honestly I don't think you would have had to cheat...if you didn't count those stupid falling deaths toward the speed up
Aggy: Are you a fan of big, anime, t- Me: Yes, yes I am.  Aggy: -wo and a half D fighting games… Me: No, no I am not.
More vigor my nigga
Thy fate lieth under thy mom.
The amount of fall deaths is hilarious.
Ngl a little disappointed I didn't see a Malenia fight at 770% speed
No Malenia :(
31:23 "long and hard tarnished"
Ok now do it “every time you die it gets slower”
Elden Ring but every time I die I have to talk 10% faster
In the spirit of the challenge, I have decided to watch the whole video on 2x speed after his fourth death
Next challenge: randomizer w/ forced item swap + all enemies are elden beast (or malenia) + 10% speed increase on death
Next do Melenia at 1000% game speed.
“Long and hard tarnished warrior” made me lose it
Now with this speed. Bhs became balanced.
Using cheat, really?
What people means by fast paced:
Challenge idea: you can only use attacks that deal damage to you. Ex briars of sin and punishment, bloody slash, etc
Imagine this as a magic user
The humanity
Didn’t fight Malenia, my disappointment is immeasurable
Imma watch this at 2x playback
Missed opportunity to lightning ram only with the Mimic tear fight. That would've been amazing
I don't know how a normal human does this without cheating. You may as well be the best souls player known to man
25:00 POV you are playing devil daggers now
Man, I wish you used Black Knife Tiche instead of Mimic Tear at the end. I wanted to see how fast her DoT would kill things. Also would help with inventory management a bit more.
Just don’t die lol
now we need to see a run where it gets 10% slower every death.
I want to see this man do a no upgrade weapon run that's sword only
ME LLAMO!!!
Mach 10 projectiles from elden beast
what about melania
“Lookit us gooo, we’re in the zoooone…”   *Yeets self off platform*
Random speed between 20 and 400  would be really fun too
Wow you really did a lot of off camera rune farming there at 37:23. Great stuff
Honestly I equip certain items literally just for mimic tear since it has infinite use on everything, especially the meat dumplings and warming stones because then mimic has healing
For the people wondering what the MOD he's using to spawn things,  Its called " Johndisandonato Practice Tool "
dnf duel sponsorship?! thats unexpected but sick
As a Person who's done a Bow/Gun only Run in DS1 2 and 3 and Bloodborne I can vouch that the Black Bow Barrage Ash of War is pretty broken with Bleed Arrows or any status effect Arrows
Okay, now throw a randomizer on top
6:36 5:53
I'm surprised that Aggy didn't allow himself to remove 10% speed for every major boss. Maybe that's a way to do it without "acquiring" certain items ans stats.
Gotta do a 10% slower gameplay now lmao
Long and hard Tarnished warrior! Spermed by the grace of gold!
Alternative Title: Aggy discovers the wonders of the Mimic Tear
we've now seen 500%, but what if we put it on 2x playback speed?!
Now do malenia
No Malenia? Doesn’t count
Aggy being sponsored by Arcsys ? Congratulations on the big deal dude.
anyone know what the panel at 5:48 is called? is that cheat engine?
31:17 looks like typical PvP.
you couldn't do something more sane like 1%?
I can't believe Aggy cheated. I mean using lightning ram? For shame.
HIS NAME IS NOT FUCKING ROGER
Reminder that DNF Duel is based off a datamining MMORPG. If you pay for DNF, don't forget to also pay whatever alphabet agencies your country has. Same thing.
can you beat elden ring while permanently effected with strong scarlet rot
I would’ve loved to see Malenia just for shits and gigs.
How can you do a run like this and not at least show what Malenia would look like at this speed ):
Somewhere in the comments there is a sad little man complaining that you cheated and didn't waste 40 hours trying to kill elden beast at 700+ percent speed
the trick to jarburg is not jumping at all, just walk with torrent off each stone to the next.
long and hard tarnished 😉
LilAggy standing outside in a white dress, painted blue with white gloves on ringing a bell: “Go Bill!”
Love dnf duel getting sponsors, getting more people into the fgc
I circumsized to the channel, now what
Kind of a pity that the game doesn't speed up the dialogue until everyone sounds like a chipmunk on helium
I beg of you please try this with a randomiser
Ah yes my favorite game, Elden Ring Rising: Revengeance
whats that editor at 5:48 that adds the item amnd stuff? what is it called?
Fighting Morgott at >300% speed shows how ridiculous his combos are.
Feels like I’m watching a Max0r video
Are you a fan of BIG anime-oh crap thought he was gonna say her-you know
던격겜 광고를 여기서 보다니ㅋㅋ
I could sense this video was out
Spoiler: he beats the game without dying.
It's funny because I feel like most enemies delay their attacks so you can't time parries as easily, so some game speed might unironically make it easier to parry shit
alternative title: mimic tear still op.
Yo this is such a cool idea
I enjoy how stormveil rly just looks like a ds3 type beat
Finally, Elden Ring without delayed enemy attacks.
Possibly my fav Eldon Ring challenge video I’ve seen. Most dangerous enemy seems to be gravity!! Lol ing!
whats the mod called?
I'm dying at 31:24  Godfrey man..
where is malenia 500%
For thos asking the tool he is using to spawn items and stuff is - johndisandonato's Practice Tool! -
you should the challenge in reverse now were everytime you die the game becomes like 5% slower :D
Is this the dragon ball of elden ring
i still want da everything malenia
If you play this video at 0.5 speed, for some parts it looks normal
Legends say Aggy was never able to play Elden Ring on normal speed again
Interesting that DNF Duel sponsors a Dark Souls streamer. I wonder if there is much overlap between fighting game players and Dark Souls fans.
WTF i thot that was Guilty Gear DLC
Make it next time when you die it gets slower
This new open world Sonic game is looking good
You thought you could just upload this calling it elden ring this is clearly sekiro
Elden Ring but every death makes you slower?
5:49 what cheat software is that?
he swaped the shards
*Me watching at 2x speed Gatta go fast
Okay, before watching this, I'm predicting it's gonna get up to like 250% Game Speed.  Edit: Yikes....
What program is he using to manipulate the game ?
First time Aggy failed a chalenge :V that was so fun to watch kkkkk
Y no xbox
What's the name for the cheat? Just too fun not to use
For anyone wondering how I did this, there was no actual mod for it, I was simply using the Speedhack on Cheat Engine to manually crank the speed up bit by bit!  Also the thing I used to uhhhh "acquire" items is called johndisandonato's Practice Tool!
Okay the fact that mimic throws sleep pots is absolutely bonkers and I'm glad that I know this, because now I have an exit if the fight gets too annoying.
I saw this live and it's still funny as hell watching it again.
First 250 comment gang
what mod did you use?
That's one scuffed Sanic. It's more like Boomy The Cat.
I still love the Gyubo Sub sound
You Think That's Hard To Keep Track Of? You *FOOLS!* I Watch These Videos 2× The Speed, Meaning It Was 1540% Game Speed At The End To Me!
Can't believe you beat the Elden Beast first try. Good shit!
anyone know what the software he is using to cheat is called ?
how did you do this? i need to play this lmao
anyone know what menu he used at 5:50
"Long and hard Tarnished warrior"
I thought of a new challenge maybe what if you do a run where you only upgrade on stat
Whats the cheat tool you are using? :)
14:36   lmao that was so funny
fun
"that's a long and hard tarnished if I have ever seen one!..":Godfrey probably 31:23
Hope he does another use what you get randomizer, cus its quite the entertainment.
Malikith might actually be easier in 6x
You gotta watch this on 2x speed too.
Watching at 2x speed to help him go faster.
Does anyone know which Cheat Happens template he's using? Also, did they nerf the damage of chariots?
20:12 is what Radahn's fight should've been
Imagine fighting Malenia at 600% speed.
I use to do this with a trainer that you can change game speed. Fling trainer
now that is one good ad damn, promoting something really good not raid shadow legends. I suggest you guys check out this game even if you are afraid of fighting games, it's pretty easy too
This just gradually makes the game more on Sekiro’s speed
the editing in this is godlike
Aggy, have you tried using sleep pots?
o.a.s. makes your feet bigger hence your dick gets a slight buff but your BALLS man......your balls get a way bigger upgrade with the bull status effect ...bigger balls gives you more courage...these shoes give you biggest balls in the lands between, that effect when you put the o.a.s on is your bull balls pushing on your slightly buffed cock....now you have the power to take on the the gods themselves....amirite? it makes butt slam ash of war hit hard asf cuz your balls act as a wrecking ball with those legendary shoes on.
I can’t believe that old the Aristocrat shoes make your cock bigger
So uhh..we could actually summon someone to godrick boss ? Why wasn't there something like that for me @__@
terrific video
*Put this foolish ambitions too fast*
POV: you're Morgoth (19:48 with x0.25)
no 8x speed melania?
On a normal playthrough he shouldn't die once should he 🤔
Yes I'm into big anime t...
This would be interesting the other way too. Start at like 300% and slow it down everytime by 10%. So it becomes hellish when you get below 100%. Might need some way to make it harder so you dont just coast at 100%.
Yo, can't believe you got sponsored by DNF, that's badass
Nice vid
That-was-awesome!!!!
what is the mod he uses at 6:03 to spawn in the item?
“Ah yes, the sekiroborne of Elden ring”
Aggys greatest enemy: platforming in a soulsborne.
Does anyone know what cheat engine he was using cuz I wanna do a staff only run but don't wanna bonk grind staff of the guilty ;-;
So when is the 500% speed full randomizer use-what-you-get run coming?
Lore accurate rennala.
Oh, the next challenge has to be the game gets slower every death!
Totally legit run
watch this in 2x speed.
I love how this ended up looking like an anime fight
Return of the king
I feel like im watching someone who reacts to videos at times 8x speed
I'm assuming he dies on purpose at least a few times cuz he's beaten the game without dying
Rivers of blood is good if you're looking for a quick playthrough or a easy playthrough, first new game I used a lance, complete struggle, new game plus 1 went with rivers of blood and preceded to insta kill almost every boss.  Great game design, little sarcasm but everyone uses ROB. To each their own it does make elden ring easy at least. But it felt like a downgrade from ds3.. Probably the hyper bleed and mage metas that outscaled any other build.
Now, you must watch this video in 2x speed.
This is basically just sekiro.
Can anyone explain how this "game speed" increase work and how to do it?. I kinda speed addict and really want to try to play this game at 130% or something.
When he was getting the aristocrat boots his entire chat started spamming “invalid run” all bc he just wanted to get some boots
0:23 lmao
No Malenia I see
Watch the video in two times speed then you will see sonic in his true nature
5:35 I never knew this lmao 8:18 skill issue
I wanna see a TAS of a 500% speed all remembrances run. Shit would be so funny
I don't think the grafted scion death counts cause it's a scripted death
“Deathbed smalls” 😳
IMO the best early game summon is absolutely skeletal militiamen just because of the nigh-immortality and how distracting they can be to bosses
On my to get list: Aristocrat shoes  For fashion, of course!
does it go 10% of previous or does it go say  220% of previous
A lowly tarn
Every death looks like a shitpost
This might be the first time that I knew about the game in the add beforehand, and that was only by 2 days or so. The game rocks though
woulda been better if the music was sped up too
What table is he using?
No shot you got the DNF sponsorship, that's sick
31:24 has me literally weak lmao I cant stop laughing.
Smart people watched the video in 0.25 speed Legends watched it in 2x
I see that mimic tear is still hideously overpowered. Gotta be honest, the video became a lot less interesting once the game speed surpassed the realm of anything reasonable to solo and it just became mimic tear show.
what mods does he use for spawning stuff and managing saves?
May check out the sponsorship, always wanted to play duke nukem forever.
Нужны было при каждой победы над боссом понижать скорость игры. МОжет быть так даже в минус ушёл)
i love how quit out is impossible because of the game speed lmfao
@24:53 this is the greatest 5 seconds of Elden Ring content there is.
Watched this in 2x speed for extra speed
Well, I'm glad this popped up in recommended since somehow I'm not subscribed anymore. Wtf youtube
Does anybody know what is the name of the mod at 21:17 ?
Wanted to see malenia at this speed though that would be more fun.
"Long and Hard Tarnished" - GigaChad
How about doing the opposite? Slowing down the game every time you die.
absolutely insane
the rykard fight fucked my bitrate lol
cool
I'll be honest. This is a Made In Heaven run.
is there aristocrat boot irl??🥺
The sonic incident
You should do a challenge, where you kill every single killable npc (including bosses) in one go, so that after a long time, you are in a completely lifeless world. Only works if you dont die sonewhere in the middle tho xD
Faster might be a good thing that means you don’t have to wait for those horrible and Annoying delay attacks
This is absolutely insane, I love it
I feel like mage build would have been the easiest for this Edit: After seeing rivers of blood I'm not so sure anymore.
Now you gotta do "Elden Ring but every time I die the game gets 10% slower"
Elden Ring but you have ADHD
mostly well earned 😂
ALL future challenge runs include: Quitout = +10% speed.
The mimic tear bossfight was as hard as the shadow boss fight in the forest
When you play sekiro for the first time
it is easier than normal
but I have to ask: did you add 10% in relation to the original post or from the previous iteration?
Can't see a normal speed gameplay anymore :(
The most fun I've had watching a challenge run so far from any tuber
Whats the software he uses to get objects and levels? Thanks
I like how Gideon is all like "you're still nothing but a fuck up."   And then Godfrey is all like "yo my dude... like .. u gud"
27:50 was hilarious for me idky
Fellas grab the popcorn, a new aggy vid just dropped
"Long and hard tarnished warrior"  -Godfrey, the first elden lord
I had to check several times if the playback speed was actually set to normal, with the game running at ludicrous speeds and him talking faster sometimes it makes for a total mess. Nice idea for a challenge, though.
I'm a lil disappointed he cheated and used summons
i feel high
I'm pretty new to the channel and only watched a few other random videos but really enjoyed them and liked his good attitude. I didn't realize he did sponsorships though -- big turnoff.
I watched the whole video at 200% speed, it makes the whole video fit the spirit of the challange. This makes it even more enjoyable over all
I sometimes play with a speedhack in games that deliberately waste your time having no fast travel or waiting for something...  And it's a super weird feeling when your brain gets "adjusted" to the 2x speed or faster. It feels like you're hyperactive, like whenever you speak, it feels like you are an auctioneer. Normal reality feels super slow and you feel like you could run a marathon in 2 seconds.
Lilaggy? HA more like lilcheaty amaright?
After this video I played elden ring again and it felt like I was playing in slow motion lmao
🔥 🔥 🔥
Calls warrior jar shard shard of alexander and shard of alexander warrior jar shard
Epic big anime t
LilAggy but everytime he dies his voice gets more irate and high pitch. Just an idea.
4:00 Holy carp, Godrick actually attacks at the speed of a regular enemy when you put the game at 140%. He no longer waits a decade before swinging.
2:43 “Thou art of passing SSSSSSS”
I love that this became a side character playthrough where your main purpose was essentially just to be the main character, Mimic Tear's ride 😂
You should’ve leveled ADP so your rolls work
The pre-rework movie Sonic
Using a big shield and a thrusting weapon probably would’ve made things easier
where malenia
The fall at 8:10 gets me every time
It took the game running at 4x speed for aggy to become a casual
So what did we learn class?
Could anyone tell my what the name of the side that aggy is downloading mods on?
Bruh these are all these bosses at their prime, faster than fucking light
What Tool do you use to spawn the aristocrat shoes?
Elden Ring but it slowly turns into Bloodborne
This is so chaotic... I want it now...  Curse you!!!! Now I gotta get dnf duel... I have been seeing it around A LOT lately. Giving my addiction a chance...
I feel like this would have been easier if fall damage didn’t count, that’s 90% of the deaths lol
Anyone know what the tool is that he uses @ 21:18 to load save states and spawn in items ? Also awesome vid Aggy
37:47 Is probably what the Tarnished's battle with Radagon and the Elden Beast canonically looked like.
I watched the video at 2x speed when it got at 200% speed and holy shit. It was fast.
Feening for a video man thanks for the timely delivery 😅
This once again shows how busted the RoB+mimic combo is hahaha
Uhhh, missed Malenia xD
Does anyone know where to get the item spawner program that Aggy uses? I've seen a few people using it on challenge runs and such but can't figure out where to get it!
Man, that was distressing to watch dunno why
Normal souls games at average pace:  “We’re pretty fast,so be prepared”  Souls games when I just woke up from a 16 hour nap induced by snorting powders all morning:  “Now this is an experience I don’t want to change”
ah yes, GRAVITY, the biggest enemy of mankind
I watched this video at 2x speed
Should have just glitched your way to Mimic tear 😂 unless they've patched the wrong warps into Nokron since I last did it.
peep the thumbnail 👍
for the final boss put the video to 2x speed for bonus funny
at one point his voice kinda turned into that sped up sound but it was just him talking
"Elden Ring, but every time I fall of the cliff the game gets 10% faster"
Love to see the blasphemous blade in runs like this. was my main weapon in my first run and it turned out to be one of the best in the game lol
Im watching this at 2x speed trying to comprehend how fast the game actually is
aggy plays fighting games?!
We need more chaotic challenge runs
What do you use for cheating?
that sonic impression was scary good
Elden Ring is hard, really hard.  Some Random CatGirl Dude on Youtube : bUt is It StIlL hArd On 700% SpEeD?!  FromSoft : Write that down!
Renalla was just ur average intelligence dexterity build in pvp, nothing to worry about
This sponsor transition was genius
No Malenia? :'v
Literally just sekiro speed
140% just looks like Bloodborne gameplay ngl.
imagine if this did a multiplicative 10% instead of an additive. since he died 67 times, it would have been 5933% game speed
I see, pain.
The DNF duel sponsor?? The game is actually godlike, no cap.
Rogier makes the Margit fight ridiculously easy. Summoned him in for the fight in my first playthrough after about 10 deaths and I beat him without getting hit.
I wonder what percentage of people actually fight Godskin Apostles and don't cheese them with sleep, everyone seems to use sleep pots and St.Trina's sword on them.
Would love to see what Malenia looks like at that speed 😂
had me in the first half of the sponsor not gonna lie
as a viewer of the stream i'm sad that sonic cum didn't make it into the video
YOOO THAT DNF DUEL SPONSORSHIP?
would be funny if the ost got sped up too lol
25:00 something about seeing sonic getting eaten at 490% more speed makes me emotional
technically so isn't dying to the grafted scion considered a "death" due to the fact no death screen appears, meaning the first speedup could be avoided
THAT SPONSOR TRANSITION WAS ACTUALLY INCREDIBLE. I actually am a very big fan of a big anime 2.5d fighting games.   Also I'm beyond impressed by how Elden Ring on 500% speed handles sounds and inputs relatively well, I expected it to be unplayable by 300%
My anxiety was through the roof watching this….love it
I always have to watch these vids twice. First time around just watching the gameplay. The second is just me looking for all my stupid comments in chat that made it to the video
Rennala, Queen of Touhou
What mod did you use to spawn items in
22:32 fastest gunslinger in the lands between
This was such a wild ride to watch live
"Okay we're gonna beat Radahn" *dies* "Yeah I mean we don't have to kill him."
Cool, now do it with a Guitar Hero Controller!
I can just imagine already speedy fire giant and speedy radahn and his arrows
Pog
The ad was so good
3:32 Aggy: I'm a GOD! Ballistas: Are you sure about that
Man he can take anything and make it enjoyable to watch. Thats incredible
butter
I've watched this 10 times it's so good
Fast.
I been wateing new video for a week i f love ur videos!
I’m I’ve never been early like this Your one of my fav streamers
Lol I’ve played with this before and it’s so funny lol
Yoooooo
Bold, this assumes Aggy dies in the first place.
LONG AND HARD TARNISHED
Hello small Agnew
First
