New ENA Plushies right here!! https://fanga.me/r/ena Hello everyone, this video should have been 40 seconds long, but everything went out of control amidst the process as everyone's already noticed. Enjoy!
"WWWEEEEEeeeeeeee-"  *falls and looks VERY deranged while climbing up pipe thingy's* 2:14
This video will be exactly 2 years old tomorrow
Wait, if this is what Moonie does with her *cough* hole, did she do the same thing to the shepherd???
I love ENA sm
the fact that ena episodes look like a game but js a animation for yt…
Is ENA a boy or a girl or neither
What kind of dream this is?
6:11 bouncing on the edges of the screen :D
why is act lV therapy..
oh man i just love rewatch old video
I LOVE ENA
ena separese a mipersonalida todoeso ademas estoi utilisando la cuentadem i pApÁaaaA
eres de peru berdad
this is so well made and still I have no clue what it's about
MY BRAIN !!!!!!
5:08 actually Harken's skin called "Ena" description origin
um at the end of the video, that was a Gmod ragdoll sound 😆
I can't believe 2017 was a year ago
1:50  "WEEEEEE!"
At 4:10 WAS T HAT SEEK FROM DOORS
The expression at 8:20 is unreasonably funny to me
Sometimes i wonder what goes inside Joel's head when makin these. Coz all of them were legit Fever dreams.
I'm going to introduce you to the character Ena. She's a girl who has a condition that makes me, for example, suddenly laugh and then suddenly become sad for no reason. She has a close friend who constantly forgets Ena name because she's met so many people with the same name. If anyone has any more information, please let me know. ♡This is all I have
Damn dude, ik it's abt to two years but I remember its upload like it was yesterday.. like it was super fresh but ENA is so popular there were still a lot of ppl lol. We've since gotten dream BBQ chap 1! Yet, it still hits hard that this is the last we see of our happy/sad ena (for now). At least she gets a good ending since temptation stairway seemed pretty messed up so I'm glad for this.. first season side story/epilogue if you will.
Now it’s like a modern game with old graphics
I miss the moon one 😢
your gonna need to hear me out harder then concrete here
i love your content so much
After trying multiple ways to get happy the last option is Therapy, damn
justice for ena plushie now!
IM BEING ENA FOR HALLOWEEN 🎃 🤪
🍐
The theme of this episode gives a feeling similar to Tim Burton films.
Não entendi mas achei genial
Thought this would be helpful to cope with addiction. Couldn’t find long lasting fun in that place. Even though I continue now and again to fall back in, some an the little things help 😂
yo hi guys im the person that made the turkish subtitles any türk ena fans? 💗
6:00 to  6:12 to 7:07 ENA Feel her Heart is breaking because her emotions
This episode is quite nice :)
I got five ad breaks during this, each with two unskippable ads at least five seconds each. Youtube is dying. smh
I am so utterly confused
this is definitely my favorite episode
YEEES PLS MAKE MORE PLS FEED USSSS
This plays SO MUCH like a game
i love this quality :D
This outro music is FIRE
Fun level 35
Finally, symbolism... how I missed those!
Me when im supposed to be happy but im not
me when I skip over the stages of joy
unfortunately, I get ena like no one does
I wanna put this out there. I was recovering from surgery when this video dropped. I specifically couldn’t feel the right side of my face, causing this video to be eerily relatable since it’s the same side of ENA’s face that was overtaken by the mask. Very bizarre experience to watch this video while that was happening let me tell ya
0:09 moony?:c why is you mad/sad??:c
JUST MAKE THIS A GAMEZ PLZZ
guys we're def high
Did I drink some crack? And hallucinate this cause why do I kinda understand it
3:34 looks like the scene with the gun in the dream bbq trailer, I hope we see more power of potluck cameos in the next episode
NOTICE THAT THE DOOR ENA ENTERS AT THE BEGINNING IS THE SAME SHADE OF BLUE AS THE DOORS IN DREAM BBQ???
More EPS please
Good god what fresh autistic haven is this
This specific episode reminds me a lot of endocopia
why is her fa	ce over der wen shes over dere
8:33 MARKIPLIER?!?!??
WTF IS GOING ON
I don't know if anyone noticed this but Ena talks to the mask, yet she never talks to her sad self.  It's as if the mask isn't her but a different entity all together
this is probeply the process of ena becoming the ena from derqm bbq
4:13 GUYS I FIGURED IT OUT ENA IS THE KNIGHT!!!
8:38 this is the momment where I proceeded to die laughing
WHAT HAPPENED TO ENA
I'm today years old when I found out that the yellow ena VA is the same as sunday!!!! 🥹
this remains my fave ena content so far
Every episode I watch raises more questions about if I missed 72 episodes…
When Ena has the mask, she’s not as Jovial as she usually is, and that might be because you can’t truly be happy unless you allow yourself to feel sad
I MISSED MOONY I WAS SO HAPPY TO SEE HER BACK
I really wished I was more of an artist so I can FULLY absorb the magnificence of these animations, but it just feels like I'm just watching something that being fully immersed
My interpretation: Starting off, ENA sees the world as a complicated, unusual system that she doesn’t perfectly belong in(or feel a sense of belonging in.) she has masks to create a facade of feelings as a way to try and solve her lack of understanding. The scene jumping to Moony from the therapy session represents how even casual interactions catch her off guard, and the scene of her eating a man and her causally being like “whaaat?” is an exaggerated representation of  how she doesn’t understand social life and feelings in general. She probably thinks a lot of things are weird because they are nonsensical, or even inhumane to her (like eating a person)
Sad to think this might be the end of this ENA's story.We'll might never see her again.
bring ts back tin 📿
IS THAT MINOS PRIME
8:40 if you turn captions on it looks like a keyboard smash T^T
who else watching in 2030?
watching and trying to understand enas story is exactly what navigating my brain feels like sometimes
unfortunately no one gets ena like I do
i have no idea what the hell is going on and i love it
0:05 the doorbell looks like the picture on some of window96's songs (eg. hazy trip/deep swim)
OOp
oh this video has subtitles in Esperanto, that's neat
That am I exactly watching?
this is so different from all other 3 ena episodes ngl
The shows first episode released on my birthday
jgyfyfu estaba jugando al rinrinraja
8:20 me when bro said "age doesn't matter"
I might not understand this, but I love it
"haha, this will be fun this time :)" *ends up in therapy, again*
ok...?
Tfw you smoke shrooms to feel stimulated in such a mundane life
0:49 I like how the view time spikes here x) She’s so bizarre and hypnotizing, it’s addictive
Wait why do both sides of ENA seem more aware of each other??
THE ENDING IS KILLING ME LMAAAOOOO 😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
8:43 did she just kill him?☠️
A masterpiece to my eyes
i am just now noticing that ena doesn't have that little horizontal bar across her chest in this one
0:08 RUN RUN ENA RUN RUUUUU- 7:23 Run ENA ENA RUN ENA RUN RUN ENA RUN-  Bonus: 7:34 Ugh ENA
Wait so what if the First Lady ena encounters is her mother (since the lil creatures are deemed her siblings) and they see ena is sad so this “theatre” is an act to try and cheer her up
Niiiiiiice
The rhythm of the music as the projector eyes goes is so chefs kiss
Why does nobody talk aboit this episode
6:36 is this the same guy who voiced Ken in The gaslight district?
BRO THE FINAL💀
Mmm yummy,... I will now eat your art.... 😈
Пиздатая серия
Confusing? No, this is rather simple, yes, no, I am not confused at all, this is not confusing, yes, it is not confusing, yes, I am not confused.
I didn't watch this. Then I did
I hope Joel can still do the yearly episodes after Dream BBQ, or just any episodes. The game is super cool, but I hope the episodes still happen in the next few years
POV:what the baby sees
0:55 The Easter Bunny Voice
Tho I have to add. The 60FPS do feel out of place.
Did they reference the kid dying to the worms in the old Heart of Darkness game? 8:35
8:39
I find it funny how people get upset over people actually digging into what the episode could actually be saying and saying things like ''stop digging so deep'' shows like this are what are made to be dug into...I can't fathom how people don't understand that alot of thing are metaphorical and for some people they don't quite understand fully whats going on so those who have tons and tons of thinking that like to grind gears in their brains like me and alot of others have tons of fun explaining what they got out of the show or episode. I also am writing things and making characters and I like to add deep things that make people think because I love to think, I think all day, day and night, 24/7 and yes I do have a life, just an over active brain that loves shows and series like ena :) Please remember to be kind, we are all enjoying different things differently and thats ok, if you don't like theories or people talking about ena in depth just don't read those comments, I promise its not that big and as always enjoy your life and have fun. :)
Love to see Ena questioning her world and what it wants from her and realizing that its not really what she wants. We all could do that more ❤
Wait, so has Moony always been stealing thinks to stuff in her... Uh... Crater?  Was this the first time we saw it happen?
I like so much sound & music design in this episode
This is my fav ep so far lol😭😭
Did burialgoods do the voice for the skulls? Cause it really sounds like him
Everytime i see happy ena in this episode besides w/o the mask feels wrong like ik its ena, but it doesn't feel like the right character. Like an uncanny valley but for polygons
I remembered an Ena meme, and now it's my hyperfixation.
I DON'T WANT IT TO END
I just fking love this.
this is Grim Fandango but evil.
This can’t be the end right?
This episode floored me, I couldn't help to read it as an allegory for masking and hiding discomfort. I love it.
3:27 He almost looks like some sort of FRIEND INSIDE the dark with ME.
Gracias a este video me curó la depresión y la adicción a la drogas, almenos es un alivio y señal para apagar el celular
its really interesting to me that og ena and dbbq ena have distinct personalities outside of their different "sides" (sad, meanie, salesmen, happy), that is, the way that these 'sides' interact with each other. og ena's sides are an simply exaggeration of her emotional state, ena is by nature a sweet and sensitive person, and both sides represent these aspects of her personality, despite acting so differently. they dont feel like different people until she turns her sad side into a mask that looks and acts like a separate parasitic entity. this is a good metaphor for how masking your true emotions causes a disconnect in identity, because your emotions are part of who you are. meanwhile dbbq ena's sides interact quite differently. her salesperson side is optimistic and cheerful like og ena's happy side, but way less genuine. kinda like how a worker in retail acts friendly and cheery towards customers, not because they actually feel that way, but because they'll get fired if they don't. salesperson is not an emotion, but a mask.  dbbq ena's meanie side on the other hand more than just "angry", she's tired, brash, sarcastic, self-loathing, and desperate to complete her job so she can finally be free. whenever ena expresses genuine emotion and desires, she only uses her meanie side because it represents who she truly is as a person.
dream bbq
我喜欢这个
We need more mysterious stranger voice ENA
more episodes when??
I hope someday there can be a whole feature film with this kiddos style that you can go to theaters to see
why was the end so god damn funny lmao
Very cool how in the elevator ENA stands away from the mask, like as far as possible
This series is basically the concept of a debug room but if it became a whole game or in this case a *video*
That entrance to act II was epic
1:12 sounds weirdly catchy
the amount of og ena references in dream bbq like the dolphin dude is so crazy and also those withces making fun of ena
“Whaaat” *Gmod ragdoll noises*
Absolute cinema
"whaaaat🤨🙄" *proceeds to absorb the guy* 8:34
So ENA is the fusion of two beings?
8:20 my honest reaction:
Can someone explain the video for me? I don't have a very good English, they used a lot of complicated words in this video
ENA
Just noticed the ending is virtual boy graphic
Bro i watched it a lot like 10 times and now i can understand some of it
PLEASE MORE BLUE AND YELLOW ENAAAA
Bro
I am so confused on what this face mask thing is exactly
i hope to one day be high enough to watch this
I took ADHD medication for the first time today  I think i finally understand this episode  Maybe it wasnt intended to be understood in this way but ive watched this episode like 20 times since it came out and never got it  But now i think i do  With a dopamine deficit i need shows and youtube videos basically any kind of entertainment to get to a point where i can actually function, otherwise theres just this painful boredom.  After taking medication i didnt NEED entertainment to function, i finally realised entertainment isnt supposed to be the only thing that can give u just enough to actually get through the day. Its just some extra fun. Neurotypicals dont NEED it to get by its just nice to have  Ive never truly enjoyed a lot of things, ive recognised they are fun but my sense of fun is warped, ive lived thinking "fun" is being able to get to that baseline of finally being able to function, its never really felt GOOD its just allowed me to make it through the day  But with medication im already at that baseline if not above it and i finally realise all that was wrong. Entertainment wasnt designed for me i needed it to go above and beyond to properly feel happy because of something (hyperfixation) but most things aren't interesting enough to do that  ENA knows that all of this is "fun" but its just not enough or it doesnt feel right, she feels left out of it because she understands its fun but it doesnt FEEL fun for her  Not sure if i explained this very well but its 2am so yknow  I might make another comment some time properly analysing this episode. I want to do that
i just realized that in this animation ena doesnt have the black line that goes across her chest like in temptation stairway and same for auction day
i watched ENA for the first time, all of them in a row. this is very interesting, havent seen ANY video or film alteast somewhat close to this. if im gonna be honest, the actual ENA is only this and previous part. everything else felt like an experiment. there is SOOO much more to tell about this universe. i wish you had more funding to make a whole length film.  the most surprising thing to me is that people got excited by this with JUST three episodes. like, a whole community formed out of 3 youtube videos, all lasting less than 30 minutes. impressive work man.
¿Y qué tal que los capítulos no son más que etapas de una misma ENA? La primera temporada que abarca los vídeos de YouTube, donde ENA es una estudiante, la segunda temporada donde ENA es una trabajadora dedicada pero resiliente... ¿Qué vendrá en lo siguiente?
0:19 cute lil goober :3
4:23 SEEK?!?!
7:58 Ena hasn't played the games before
O que aconteceu com o rosto da ena para ela tá assim?
it’s been 0b10011100010000 years
Ena why u are Flying?
Why does the only character that says her name appear to pronounce it wrong nearly every time
TURRŌN?!?!?!?
The power of two ❎  The power of potluck ✅
WE ARE SO BACK
8:37
I just wanted to listen to rabbit dancers music but the vid is private :'<
my only theory with why their wishes faded away from the last episode is pretty simple ngl  for ena: she don't look so happy anymore likely because this is a different ena, mooney yells "INA" at the ena which pretty much sells it   for moony: its very clear she was embarrassed about her wish and at the end where she grabs the. "guy" thing?. her hand looks more humanoid unlike the previous episodes where it was a mannequin hand, quite clear she just put herself back into her moon form out of her embarrassment
4:10 IS THAT SOMETHING FROM OMORI?!?!?!? /j
That happened ena?
oHH anhedonic ENA my baby my sister in arms I want to hug you
This is by far my favorite.
Why is Ena's blue face torn off her body
... Theraphy 😭
HOW WHERE DO I PLAY THIS THIS THING IT'S SO COOL
what
Is like, a game btw, it's cool
0:37 cool song 0:54  uhh 1:12 is she singing or what??
why ena feel more sane and normal then all of the previously episode did she finally taken her pills?
I actually don't get this episode 😔😭😭
Everyone talks about the metaphor, but doesn’t question the fact that the arm in Moony’s head keeps pulling things in her eye.
8:38 Whaaat? *proceeds to kidnap him*
8:39 THE CAPTIONING FOR THIS PART MADE ME CACKLE FOR SOME REASON
2:43 for yall gunners
Wdym the fourth ep of ena has been on youtube since late 2023. What
Sr pelo?
TS gurt
Тот факт что две эны одновременно говорят это значит что для обоих это очень важно
ENDING NYA BAGUS SEKALI FILEMNYA
There is no way i was watching this and got a Walmart add. Its the same colors😭
i just want to know how these are came up with
ENA is my fictional crush.
7:01 POINT
8:42 does moony need something in her face?
4:21 i see seek from doors...
I wonder if this will connect to Dream BBQ in some way.
I freakin love the song at 8:45 - 8:54 🫠🤙
Ame este me pego duro jajaja
Oh, i just realized this might  be about the numb stage of depression
That was very nice.
Last time I saw this was when it was out but today after many days of drawing ocs doors and diving into the dbbq c1 lore i finally went back here and I think I understood something obvious idk, in power of potluck Everyone has some kind of mask at the end but this Enas is learning to live without one, moonie on the other hand put herself into her old shell after the runas wish to be thinner and takes other into her masked place then she likes to eat people's fun and only let a mask out of them like we saw we the horse suit, but she always spare Ena because they are friends i guess, i'm miore and more obsessed like back then when the 3 first ena project video went out, I'm so hyped for the next chapters but I hope the pressure is not to high with how much fan hope seems to be for what will come after chapter 1.
4:11 Seek is that you?
I thought the feminine voice sounded weird until realized I just never heard it not sound depressed.
5:32 MARKIPLIER ?????
So basically ENA gets therapy
Me encanta y me pone triste al mismo tiempo, ver como la parte del pelo largo de Ena se va volviendo más corta progresivamente, durante todos los episodios
what is the song in the credits?
I’m so glad I found out abt ENA, it fits my liking of weirdcoreee
Did i miss something why is Ena’s blue face disconnected from the face
I thought for sure the therapist was markiplier lmao
Wtf is even going on in here i cant understand anything
I just realized this is the only instance of an ENA directly acknowledging their other self with dialogue.  ƎNA hasn't done that in dream BBQ and the closest we've gotten was ENA apologizing for being sad in Auction Day. We kinda just took it for granted that they were the same person just constantly switching, but I think this genuinely does suggest that ENAs are two different people being forced to share a body, they just don't acknowledge one another very much because they're used to it and nobody questions it.
I think the next ena episode can be this:ena IS back IS back to normal and to the world of the First episode he encounters the moon uhhh Gray circle uhhhhh whatever IS this thing of te First episode but ena IS sick so YOU can add sneezes if YOU accept my idea
im so confused rn
i am traumatized
Здесь реально есть белорусские субтитры? Даже в Беларуси они никому не нужны
Dear Jole G,  Who gives birth to the Ennas?
wssh
we want blue and yellow ena back 💔
Kidnapping tutorial 8:38
This video is literally what it feels like to realize you have depression and try to fix yourself
Everyday more convinced that she has depression.
Stupid boss@)!
I really love how she “traverses the map” this time. I loved the little 3D model. I also enjoyed that we got some ENA character building with what goes on for her internally
Oh those are the doors from the game huh
i got a little opinion moony always has some object in that hole but at the end you see that its empty and then she stuffs the guy in it so that might be some sort of mouth or something
3:19  HELP- WHY'D THEY LOOK SO MENACING WHEN THEY DID THAT-
i love it when enas blue side is happy
2:34  4:37 0:45 these are the voice lines of rewrite in ENA voice lines
I think this takes place before temptation stairway since Ena had her debts paid and became fully yellow and moony became skinny.
I cannot describe the feeling these Ena videos give me but I can say they make me SO HAPPY
I'm watching this at 2AM and I think im gonna have nightmares
I want the game to be like this actually,...third person
3:27 JUDGE HOLDEN?!
So wait, is this episode 4 or episode 5?
is this what weed feels like
8:37 Not gonna lie, Moony sounded really hot in that moment
I was previously thinking that this version of ENA and the dream BBQ version were inversions of each other, but now I'm starting to look at the yellow blue version and Moonie as a child, while the Dream BBQ and Froggie version as an adult. .3.
As much as I understood nothing about Ena I love this
oh what have i discovered
Others: ena! Me: WHERE!?!?!?!?!?!
Can I be in your next episode
si la luna es la chica con corales en su cara del DREAM BBQ?
Please don't make chapter 2 pay-per-view D,:
Well I sure am glad I watched these before playing the game.   Now I wont be confused!
Very interesting
I have a feeling that ENAs name is a play on Adam and Eve but in reverse. Since the left side is feminine and the right side is masculine.
After therapy ena obtained +1 perception and realized "Wait...Wtf?"
намёк на чилового парня
i love how in the elevators, ENA stands apart from her mask entirely, seemingly glaring it down. they stand on opposite sides. the mask is supposed to be happy, but Happy ENA is RIGHT THERE and yet, not actually happy at all. she sees the mask as apart from herself, hence why it's only connected by strange, painful-looking veins and not har actual face.... dunno just thought it was interesting how she seems to shy away from it and disagree with it as the mask copies what everyone else does...
Moony's back!!!
tf does this have to do with a potluck
Oh i just realized that guy from temptation stairway waa right her wish was never fullfilled.
I don't know at all how I feel about that ending
0:37 Holy perspective
7:00 this
even tho this is 1 year ago, i feel like both of the enas (the mask one and the yellow one) are on their mission to reconnect themselves, making them both have separate minds, and thru are trying to connect their mind back together to be full once again  edit: i'm an idiot, i jsut realized when ena entered the house (i didn't watch it fully) she had her blue slide removed and placed into a mask, making their minds separate, which is kinda smart where they can use their minds and smarts to work together to solve problems
The therapist being, hidden in shadows, wearing a mask of joy, made of death.  Ooooooooooo it's so cool looking.
O brigado man❤❤❤
Am I the only one that noticed that Mooney just picks up a random rock from the ground and shoves it in her face 7:40
8:01 MOONY IS BREAKING THE FOURTH WALL
pause at 7:56 and you will see moony’s surprised face
this should be called “ring rong run”
I don’t think Ena is a species. I think she just constantly dies and respawns and we only get to see the scenarios where she succeeds.
............ ABSOLUTE CINEMA  Не думал что фнаф где сам создатель не знает сюжета игры,может что то переплюнуть....
The end music ate
wonderful movie!
this is somehow the most comprehensible i still dont get how you make these while being sane though
ena is just the silliest little goofy goober known to human :3
I just gotta say JoelG has very good animation when I first saw the first few clips. I originally thought this was another game he was working on.
moony you're weird
8:16 the most relatable moment in the entire series
finished ena and watch a video or 2 about the lore ( still dont get it -_- ) . [ Sat 5:36pm 4/19/2025 ]
Are we sure Joel is human? How do we know he’s not a fourth dimensional being.
6:28
Existential feist must be the next thing soon
oh no no no no, no no no no, no no no, no no, no
8:19 Ena:🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨 dog thing: *spills out man* still ena:🤨🤨🤨🧐🧐🧐🧐 moony’s left side: *GOBBLE GOBBLEJSDNJSDNJXDNJXF*..whaaaatt??😜😜😜😜😜 edit: 1:12 the bunny person talks the same melody and rhythm with the background music btw
well this was the trippiest episode yet. to me at least.
What did i watch
8:37 “what?” *consumes*
this is something small and i might be misremembering it but there was an earlier version of the indonesian subtitle where moony said the "ring, rong, run" part, and the person who wrote the translated caption made their own version into "bel, bal, bablas". i thought it was already clever in that version even though the word "bablas" directly translates to "babble" but we can loosely or casually use it in other different context (i.e. running hastily). while it's helpful to give somewhat of a translated explanation in the captions and not to discredit the translator as well, but i wished the charm in the original version stayed as someone who had become a bit weary in seeing stiff and formal indonesian subtitles in media :"{  - love, a (nitpicky) indonesian ENA fan
0:57
I can sense that ENA Dream BBQ Chapter two will be like these... Idk why...
jeez
So thsts why there is always something jammed into moony
the likes are INSANE I LOVE Y'ALL
I'm surprised how genuine(?) ENA starts acting near the end (8:12). It's subtle but I didn't rlly expect such humanity out of this character or this world
How did I never saw this episode before?! I remember watching the other episodes way back ago, but I never saw this one.  And this is definitely my favourite episode, it actually makes sense even though this is supposed to be a surreal experience.
Dang
seeing ena actually fit into her environment feels so weird
ONCE U REWATCH THE VIDEO THE BEGINNING MAKES SO MUCH MORE SENSE
This looks like a Nintendo DS game
I’m getting progressively more confused the farther into the series I watch no seriously this looks like something out of the late 2000s
even if Ena's world is completely surreal and absurd, it's rlly not too different from ours
Therapy :3
How did i miss this for a year
no way ENA in 2023? im in 2025 already also does ENA just float like that?
Weird question: is this episode before or after Temptation Stairway?  Or does the concept of a timeline even matter here?
8:02 IVE PLAYED THERE GAMES BEFORE!
6:12  me when i see this: Cmon hit the corner
I've been rewatching every episode for 2 days now, I haven't thought of anything else please help me
What the hell is going on , it feels like i had a lobotomy during watching this
I’m all caught up and now I’m sad because this is the last episode for a long time.
Sometimes it feels like ENA is outweirding everything around her... and other times its her normal reactions that seems weird to the world.
without your permission may I check it out
It feels to me that unlike the classic ENA, the ENA from the game has a solid grasp of this world's absurd workings and learned to expertly navigate them to her advantage, which comes with the job I suppose
I played the first episode of your game and was very pleased with the feeling of controlled madness with simple quests, it is very addictive, but I would like to hope that in the future there will be more flirting with the gameplay too
2:32 *_FLASHBACKS_*
I loved this one. I'm so sad I couldn't find this series sooner, BUT AT LEAST NOW I HAVE AN ACTUAL GAME TO PLAY!!
I feel like this could be interpreted as a metaphor for being neurodivergent.  At the beginning you can hear moony screaming "ena run" while she doesn't understand it and digs deeper to question things around her, which is then critisized by moony at the end cause she didn't blindly follow her command(
If you read this comment, your parents will die within the next 5 years. To get rid of this rant, you have to copy it and paste it into five other videos (im sorry i hadd to post im am a victim
I feel like I'm losing braincells lol
Her walk👁👄👁
I sad that because of dream bbq is out. We might never get another ena episode :(((
I know that feeling, you are not alone 🫂anymore, n o t e d.
Every journey I take through this series, the more I relate my own life to Ena.
So I suffer from DID, and just recently started getting into this universe. And I must say, the symbolism and quirks this show provides are both unbelievably fun and also unbelievably similar feeling to the way it feels to disassociate for me. often times certain emotions really do feel like entire different personalities with different memories and everything. This video also perfectly captures how Mania will often just be Sadness turned unhinged, if that makes sense
So ena is wearing a mask for hours at a time?
"Special Thanks to Sr Pelo" THE MAN HIMSELF ???
I missed this kind of stuff
omg i completely missed this episode
My silly lil gal ENA
... i jsut realized... this is continuity. wtf.   despite the events of the temptation stairway, her depressive side remanfiested and this 'parasite' was part of her trying to suffocate it.
i don’t understand what’s going on but i fw it
this is such a metaphor for autism and masking guys please😭😭 [or depression]
So i guess the sadness of ENA really died after the wish hun? Good for her i guess 🤔
8:29  wtf ?💀
not strange enough
(Spoilers to all of you who reads comments before watching the full video)           Ah yes, a story of ENA who hid its sad side under the childish, always fun mask, but in the end a good therapy made ENA open up its feelings and accepting her sad side, making the mask go away A simple, yet still good story that teaches you to love and accept yourself  Have no fricking idea what happened at the final segment though
I have a theory. Maybe the last episodes were a very old game of sorts and this episode is like a remake or a sequel that took years to make?
am i the only one who thinks that this is also one of doors which we can see in dream bbq? the blue color looks so offput in their world also its the first time we can see ena and moony outside of overworld which may imply that they were just wandering closed door world all this time and only recently they found a way into existing one
it's funny how happy Ena's voice constantly changes for almost every episode
Wait, i was supposed to be interpreting?
Thjs ìs wild !
8:34 😂😂😂
I honestly think that this is biggest evidence of dbbq ena being a different character than classic ena, because there's a fundamentally different character arc at play in this one that actually gets resolved. Also because moony is nowhere to be found.
Is that.. THE TWILIGHT  SPARKLE VOICE ACTER???? :0 (for the mask)
Might be … cool:D
I believe this entire episode is about escapism and learning to face problems head on.
The more I am alrigh, the more, I am thinking ... why the ell I  tought that it is about my stuff, and how I think that they all would be able to do it so fast... wooof not cool and other stuff iff this will be hart to accept I guess
I think the mask here is what Ena's wish from Temptation Stairway turned into. the joy infused into her blue side by the wish was eventually rejected by her true self and it became a separate persona that's just attached to her by a single strand, as if she's holding onto it still thinking, or wanting, it to be a real part of her
So I'm lead to believe that the concept of enas are artists, constantly on a mission to deliver joy, and while they can feel the joy they create through others, they struggle to gain any of that energy themselves.  Aw Joel. 😭  BUDDY.
They playing inside the virtual boy dimention
A lot of people r saying that this takes place after temptation stairway but i don't think that makes sense. First why is moony still fat and more obviously ena turned full yellow, i don't see how that spawned the mask into existence. This must be an earlier attempt to remove the sad part if that's really even her goal.
What happened to her :0
8:26 😭🙏 enas face bro
The visual symbolizing in this is amazing in the therapy scene where her mask literally breaks showing her opening it
3:10 this is my favorite line
I keep wondering if there is any meaning to these, or if they just are what they are.
Source Ragdoll impact sound effect mentioned.
3:09 hellooo
0:53 For Ivy replay (I love her voice/melody/music)
6:11 ok ena you're being too relatable
has anyone noticed how devoted ENA (both this version and DBBQ) is to her goal? she always goes through crazy adventures just to achive something
0:09
? uhhh what
Ayo Its Pomini herself😮 Wow
Turrōn
this one right here is literally like one of my lucid dreams
Even though i love ENA so much, Moony remains my favorite.
That's what the mask is, that is what the point of the mask is
I needed this. Thanks. You're and amazing inspiration!
I remember vividly when I first saw this episode after the Ena drought
Crack Theory:     The therapist is The Great Runas. My only evidence is they’re animated similarly to the Genie from Dream BBQ, and it’s implied The Great Runas is a Genuie.
Is dog man ok?
This one feels like it.. could be a game.. which makes me think this was JoelG experimenting with the idea of making a game out of ENA.  Edit: I'm an idiot for not checking the time this was posted.
This cartoon brilliantly captures the look of early to mid 90s PC gaming.  Unique protagonist, like the souls of a man & a woman fused together into an androgynous haunted puppet with no strings
Aw sweet, eldritch joys beyond my comprehension!
love joel g's logic of "ok we were more direct with the metaphor in this one let's shake it up for the ending uhhhh. horse costume guy contains a human costume and moony grabs them through her eye hole"
2:43 the lonely door in dream bbq
Ok its my first time seeing this... what kind of a fever dream did i enter
i think we all needed a mooney at the end of such a journey. I'm very glad to see the creation of chapter one for Dream BBQ! I hope you could find fun in the creation of it. :D
This feels like stages of grief where the last act is acceptance which fits with therapy
i'm way too high for ts fr ngl ts pmo a lil 🥀💔
8:41 Hello, Source ragdoll collision sounds. XD
I have a feeling this is video actually is the first one since the mask doesn’t appear in the others
EINA RUNNN
wet あnd hot😜
Is that twilight sparkle
WAIT, WHAT THE HELL??? YOU MEAN TO TELL ME THAT POWER OF POTLUCK HAS BEEN OUT FOR OVER A YEAR??? AND I DIDN’T KNOW??? HOW DID I MISS THIS… Seriously, I was there for all of the first ENA releases, and then I waited for Dream BBQ, saw the delay message, saw the Power of Potluck teaser, and then… never saw Power of Potluck!? I’ve already beaten Dream BBQ several times over, and you mean to tell me there’s just.. more content I never saw??
this is the only one in the ena series that i not only understand, but feel deeply
0:55 she’s scary but her design is beautiful
4:58 the title of the act being “ crescendo of a descent” is quite significant because in the musical world a crescendo means the volume is slowly increasing, so using that as the context, the title pretty much means the buildup of a descent
Wait!? There was already one already? Long ago  I didn't know that
wtf
I like how the mask is like a parasite, and after it’s detached from ENA (the host) it starts to crack and die off
Este capitlo habla de una persona con ansiedad social intentando buscar la felicidad yendo de fiesta porque asocia el estar feliz con ser sociable. Asi que no le acaba gustando. Aunque se siente ansioso y mal intenta parecer sociable y feliz pero en verdad no lo esta disfrutando. Luego Ena llega a la conclusión de que su felicidad no está en socializar con todo el mundo y  salir de fiesta dia tras dia, si no de disfrutar los pequeños momentos con sus amigos o a solas. Es lo que yo interpreté
Entiendo exactamente como te sientes Ena
7:56 yippie, moony
I am new and Idk what is happening
Why is there a chill guy at the end 😭
New ENA fan here. I’m so confused.
3:55 can anyone tell me the name of this music? it sounds so dreamy
8:40 that Half Life 2 physics 😂😂😂😂
gosh, I find it so strange that this episode/ world isn’t supposed to make sense, but that when Skull made face gave advice on how we need to enjoy the little things and not chase after the happiness we can’t have and I understand  what he was portraying and saying to not just ENA but the audience watching. 😭🤣🫡
that's a thing I'll always love about ena,it's based of very old weird movies  and things from the past are really represented. It's so intresting to me and adore it. I think some poses she do is from metropolis !! (1972,I theory)
Therapy
anyone else feel like the new blue mask is a metaphor for being medicated?
Tyfus to yur to jsem 😮si 😢taky myslela ale to by byla asi
OKAY THERES NO WAY POMNI VOICE ACTED AS ENA-
CHEESE AND RICE JOEL
The veins coming out from the depressed part of Ena's face connecting the mask looks incredibly painful. I feel this is suitable for visual rep of how painful masking is.
*WOOOOO MY FAVORITE ACIDLESS TRIP!!!!*
what is even going on
8:05  moony jumpscared me at this part 💀
4:05  Watch this on a 1080p monitor at fullscreen in 1080p60 quality. Notice the perfection....... No anti-aliasing to be found!  Sadly, other places where you would normally find this pixel perfection are ruined by compression. Lossy compression truly is a [CENSORED] sometimes.
i just realized the main entrance is also a blue door, just like the ones in Dream BBQ.  So then, the Therapist is possibly the "genie" of this place and the whole theme is searching for joy just like how you search for a bathroom in the game?
I cant possibly be the only one who was waiting for it to hit the corner 6:16
While this isnt my favorite episode (i loved the stairway so much), everything here is so jarringly genuine with ENA that it makes all the little moments between her and moony all the sweeter.
CHEESE-AND-RICE MOONY DID YOU JUST KILL THAT STRANGE MAN?
I came back to this because I forgot what the therapist looked like, thinking he was a cameo from Buckshot Roulette
is it just me or this one had way more subtext, and was way more clear to decipher ?
what is the meaning behind moony stuffing random things in her face hole 😭
why did moony have to take the crying man and shove it I her eye socket
7:59
You know the joy in this theater is fake when the (actual) happy half starts asking questions.
I just got into this series and I need moreeeee
1:11 bro make a new music-☠️
Where the heck was sir pelo in there?
we have quite a few puzzle pieces to put together now. between the game , the animations and the trailers, there is enough to make solid theories.  hyped to see more. be it animations or next chapters.  this passion project is a treasure. make sure it remains a passion and a pleasure to work on, by not pressuring yourself too much on speed and quality
I dunno what people are speculating about. Just seems like a virtual world that went daffy after being left alone too long. ENA's coming to terms with being a system. Not that complicated.
I feel like this either represent trying to enjoy something you don't, but that you feel you should, be it because it was recommended to you or because you feel like that's what's "normal", and yet you don't, and you feel bad.  Or you're trying to enjoy something that once did bring you joy, but no longer does, for you've changed, yet that thing stayed the same, it doesn't fit you anymore, but you want it to, you feel it needs to, and you even try to pretend you are feeling that same simple joy from back then, but it's just an illusion, a dream you need to wake up from in other to go on.  There will be other games to play, other things to do, other joys to be discovered, you just need to keep walking.
thank you joel i did not mean to wait a year to watch this but im glad i did at the time i did you are loved
peacefully waits for dream bbq chapter 2 in about a million years
Coming back to these videos after the game released and it made me miss the OG ena so much 😭 I’m so attached to our girl here I hope we see more of her. I’m super excited to play the game now that I’m caught back up in the videos. This one is definitely the best of the animated series. I really hope more is added and she isn’t forgotten.
Why ena still has her sad side? And isn't monnie supposed to be more thinner?
Here a year later when BBQ came out. I have to wonder. Is our ENA the same as BBQ ENA? We know ENA is a Female species. Do they all share existence? Or is there variants of the ENA species? SPOILERS:                        When you ask the BATHROOM for aspirations of Happiness, it says It Is Not Realistic.
the way she stands with her leg over the cord is one of the many things in this video that makes it feel like shes trying to keep the sad under control
What is this
hvat?
Que
I'm sorry, what do you mean this was uploaded a year ago? I thought Temptation Stairway was the last episode beofre dream bbq...
1:35 Hmm, makes me think of a certain scene in Final Fantasy 7.
ㅁㅊ 외로운문 저기도있네
Please make another
The fun mask appears to be eating sad face when it talks. Maybe it's a metaphor for how exhausting masking is.
I can’t believe I missed this one
err
8:20 I like to think that in this part ENA didn't know this person joined them in out of nowhere and Moony decides to snap the guy's neck because she felt like it.
These are so good. Can i get them on dvd?
i love this a lot it feels whimsical and also fun! I love this it feels fun and also whimsical! AhA!
The ending made me question…. Is ENA Schizophrenic?
I love you Ena😭
somehow the thematically most comprehensible one i think...
I just noticed that the voice of moony at the start is telling ENA to run because of RING-RONG-RUN lol
There's a strong ÆON FLUX energy to this. Amazing!
In all honesty coming back to watch the old ena videos, I literally feel like this is a fever dream
dude i dont get what any of this means.  i feel like its something about faking happiness and understanding in a world where you don't fit in? I'm also thinking it has to do with going through your life, or maybe just your "golden years". act 1 represents falling through the beginning of it, hitting your head as you fall into place, eventually coming out of the twisting pipes of figuring out where you will be, the crying ladies saying they're happy is similar to how people say they enjoy their job or life, but clearly are misrible. act 2 could be a continuation of this interpretation, going with the flow and feeling "happy and joy" or that you belong, but you really don't. either you arent as happy as they are, or no one is and its just everyone faking. you don't fit in with the normal of everyone else.  i saw act three as dying, it being the crecendo of the decent. looking back at your life and going through the motions of living and accomplishments, but you didn't enjoy it. life is a chore, you didn't enjoy any of it. it was painful and dull. everyone else sees it as a miracle, but all you see it as is a painful dance where nothing makes sense and you just arent a part of it.  the skull face makes a bit more sense to me, its the realisation that life isn't meant to be fun. it isn't naturally kind to you, it isn't normally fun. its IS a painful dance through it, but you can still find joy and fun in the little moments, you just have to look for it.  the blue mask feels to me like masking and lying to oneself to hide your true feelings. i think. it leads you through life, staying at the forefront, pretending to be what you arent to make things easier, as ena often agrees with it and follows it along through this theater of life, until the realisation and self reflection of how she really feels, thus destroying the mask.  for the ending I have nothing. i thought it was gonna be her seeing the joy in having friends, but then things happened and idk  or something idk, I feel like I'm completely wrong, but art is meant to be interpreted so yeah. no clue.
wauw… I'm so late to this episode….
why does ENA have a mask?
with the new context of dream bbq, could the entrance door actually be one of THE "doors"? it has the same blue color scheme, maybe this is the door of fun
I understand nothing, but looks cool
?????????????????????????????????
He notado algo, y si los 4 actos... Representan a los 4 capítulos de ENA? Esto cobraría sentido de acuerdo al dialogo que dice al segundo acto....  Esto podría tener algo de sentido ya que pues las caras podrían representar a los espectadores... Nosotros como audiencia, de acuerdo al dialogo del tercer y cuarto acto, podría ser que ENA estaría condenada a tomar su rol como ENA sad y ENA happy....
I just realized something that ive seen no one mention in the comments. Moony is back to her normal form, she isnt skinny anymore
ENA’S HAPPY SIDE IS SAD WHAT THE HECK
3 days.
Idk what this is, but i feel like I discovered a fever dream
As an autistic woman, I rewatched this with that in mind and was shocked by how relatable ENA is. I mean, who hasn't felt unattached to certain types of joy?
This is literally just ena going to therapy.
IT'S THE INTERNET SIRS. LIKE BEFORE. - CAIN SKITTLES
HAHA
1:39 what are they doing in the Flesh Panopticon
This utters me in complete confusion but also with a sense of joy for some reason
8:29 is that the creator's animated face revel ???
2:48 the floor is made of floor
If you skip ten seconds occasionally, it can look like your on a different video entirely.
8:18 my goat squatto oh my goodness
F F7みたいなマップだ
Uhh, im confused, why is half ENA's face attached to rope like that??
Why in the heck did no one tell me there was a new episode T-T
Ena? What do you think about this game
I had to watch 2 unskippable ads for this.
Feels like playing a new ds game…
Still a better potluck then steven universe's
If you love this series check out "Safe-Mode" by Umami, the main idea of the series explores the implications of an artificial afterlife, one where your experience may not be dissimilar from ENA's
エレベーター乗ってる時、内股なのエロすぎやろ...
skull guy lowk sounds like madara
96 YEARS
how mesmerizing - it beckons you to follow every step of the way
0:07 - ГОЙДАААААААААААААААААААААА
O bom de ter memória ruim é que eu sempre me surpreendo com o final
this makes me feel like im having a nightmare while eating lunchables
8:41 Cave divers:
8:42  hes a cave diver at heart
Remind me to take my acid before watching these
Best trip ever on god
I've been wearing a smile mask too😁
I love masks!
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
5:43 is that DJ Subatomic Supernova?
Does anybody understand why ena has her blue face weird now
Sem pé nem cabeça...nem cabeça e nem pé 👍
8:40  WHAT. JUST. HAPPENED
Bro when i watch the finale episode it made my tummy feel funny😅
What the hell did i just watched 🤔
Hold up i’m literally ENA irl
The therapist looks a lot like the buckshot roulette dealer. Cousins perhaps?
8:00 don’t you dare say it.
All the 3D elements in this episode have the plasticy perfection of those 90s video game promotional renders and I LIVE FOR IT
Salutations sir! May I enter?
JOEL ITS BEEN 1 YEAR. ITS TIME TO COME BACK !
This series reminds me of yume nikki
3:17 that was smooth
8:30 the silence is so loud
fire, loved the way the animation style kept changing
Хто теж передивляється це?
I like the PS1 JRPG aesthetic of this episode, but I do kinda wish that ENA and the background had more obvious graphic disparity, make it look more like pre-rendered backdrops from that era.
a year already?!
Watched this while high. For the first half, I thought this was symbolic of a person trying drugs with someone and being afraid of what they see instead of enjoying it like their friend is, or something. I fw this tho, goes crazy. Feels like a trip
8:36 killed me xD
These ads better be supporting Joel G
“Whattttt” Got me 😂
I love how she talks  about what she wants, and her mask breaking is like a sight of a new beginning for her personality. PLS GIVE US MORE ENA CONTENT, ENA'S SO COOL ✨(when is ENA Dream BBQ going to come out?)
NO WAY HOW DID I MISS THIS 😭
More people need to make weird and crazy things like this!
And what was that end!? lol...
This is so weird but cool, is this a game or do my eyes deceive me?
I wonder if the two stage zipperface dogman is moonys mask, the way it follows them almost idly and got sucked into her face hole once ena noticed it
bro how the hell do you come up with this....
Better than the Potluck song from Steven Universe
Signa
honestly, i think this comes before the other videos. my only piece of evidence being moony. It would also explain enas mask, a thing she used to have but is destoryed, and we do not see it again.
I LOVE YOU ENA
Pov: you got suggested this and extinction party after watching 🔺The Escape In A Dream by Vivinos           💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀EMERGENCY 🐸 SITUATION
Hey, did anyone else noticed that the title Power Of Potluck is also a Phonetic Sentence, with the first letters of each word spelling out P.O.P?
7:49  IS THAT CHILL GUY?!
YouTube hid this from me for a year >:[
plot twist: this is actual gameplay from the game
ENA deserves its own video game!
"Foi meio paia" ksksks
:0
Finally! A show that flows with me😊
I… I have… wha…. I’m so…. HUH???
if you love this, play hylics
honestly this episode made me cry
Novamente, mas que obra de arte maravilhosa que você(s) criou(criaram), Joel!!
wtf did i just watch?
Moony simply made a friend
8:01 I PLAYED THEESE GAMES BEFORE - moony
Hello, I’m new here. I’ve watched the three videos in this playlist, a
I can’t wait for when Dream BBQ comes out
Turon
5:50 I always hear Markiplier
Make an ena hylics like rpg
bro is that seek 4:08
3:18 whene it entering there it looking like a villain 💀🙂😢
5:46  what i need
Joel G A 2d animator.  Procceds to post 3d vidoes  With credits from the people who did it.
ena remix eyes mch ?
Sube otro episodio, porfavor 😭😭😭 Me encantan cada uno de los espisodios, 😭😭❤❤❤
エナとムーニィはピンポンダッシュをしに来たけどエナが家に入って行ったのね、、、。😂
I love how we never know wha5 the “RUN” at the beginning is until the end when we already forget it
It's been a year...
I think i've missed a part, Uh what happened to her blue face? Also i js realised she's voiced by Lizzie Freeman
the gmod ragdoll caught me off guard
I keep rewatching all enas adventures 😛
This peak was one year ago…
HOW WAS THIS ALREADY A YEAR AGO!?!?!?
hi
VOLVIO MOONA LET'S GOOOOOOO
❤
Such a video game feel
im a new ena fan, this "series" is a banger
Love this new "episode", its just so refreshing but still with the essence  of the past "episodes"
Hell yeah
y la convivencia no es un tipo de felicidad?
YEAHAHHH
may i ask..? is ena two persons or just one? (i luv your style!!)
Stbuke
I... think I get it. I think I know how ENA feels, always looking for "fun" -- in connections with others (but the Other is always terrifyingly unknowable), in "going with the flow" (but how can being powerless and an object of fate be satisfying?), and even in "faking it until you make it" (I don't want to perform happiness for others' gratification!) -- and just struggling to find it. And it definitely feels like no therapist has the "one trick" to suddenly make me happy.  But, as ENA is with Moony, I'd be glad to tolerate a friend's weirdness.
ENA comeback when.....
Why soo cuteeeee 0:54 0:57
It's such a darn shame that this is the least viewed ENA episode, as it's actually my favorite. From it's message to how creative the characters in it are.
JA PODE GOZAR? EU QUERO SABER SE JA PODE GOZAR?  mano que obra boa namoral
Im so confused
Greek subtitles??? I'VE BEEN BLESSED
The fun goes on as an illusion of all delusions
am i high
Hears a little mini theory: I think that the thing that ENA wished for in temptation stairway was the mask so that she could hide her sadness
8:42 fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfgdfg truly inspiring quotes
Its been 5 years since ena dream bbq is in development, that's crazy
8:42 dear god what happened to him
It's been a year and a month!? It feels like it barely came out three months ago!
The way Moony is yelling at Ena to run in the beginning 😭 I love them so much
"Icompwehesibow feewings" So me
O_0
Her skirt looks hella minecraft
we need an episode where ENA talks to someone who is quote-unquote "normal" by our standards or atleast "more normal"
is it me or ena's happy voice 8:13 sounds like veneer from trolls band together
1 YEAR AGOOO, WHATTTTT????
coping with the lack of ena content by watching this a million times
THAT RABBIT CREATURE IS ACTUALLY AMAZING WHAT
Why does the floating mask on ena sound like twilight sparkles
Okay, but HELP the end with subtitles is hilarious
As someone with depression this is my interpretation of the episode: As you know, ENA has two sides, one that is sad (blue w/ female voice) and one that has a more positive attitude (yellow w/ male voice). In this episode she puts on a mask to hide her sad side, and creates a façade, pretending to be cheerful, trying to "buy" happiness, but she is never truly experiencing joy. In the first act, she also realizes that as much as she tries to, she cannot become cheerful through connecting with other people. In the third and fourth act she is literally putting on an act to other people and herself. Only when she goes to therapy in the last act she drops the façade, and realizes that what makes other people 'happy' (the crying statue, for example), isn't going to make her happy as well. The skull thingy sees right through her, and then explains to her that she has to find enjoyment in small things.
I think this episode might have actually made sense
3:19 ENA looked so devious when she entered like that
Muito obrigado sweetasToffee pelas legendas
4:22 THE HECK IS DOING SEEK HERE?
Animated version of "You will never like the musical CATS and thats okay"
Why am i only now seeing this?
Как будто посмотрел финал сердце вселенной Лололошки и да это тебе [❤]
sounds like electric cafe the song
WDYM THIS IS A YEAR OLD AND I NEVER KNEW IT EVEN EXISTED??
this is just a fever dream
I CAN'T BELIEVE I MISSED THIS 1 FKNG YEAR I HATE YOU YOUTUBEEE
ITS BEEN OVER A WHOLE YEAR SINCE THIS RELEASED ALREADY?? WHATTT
It kinda feels more like a computer game
3:26 Yo, wtf, Judge Holden?
What happened  to vlif?
3:18 i love this part so much and i don’t know why
Nov 28th, 2024
HOW has it been a year since the episode dropped 😭
i know this was posted like in 23' but this remeber me the 2000's rpg maker games
YES (Ik im late ughh)
Having seen all four episodes of this…  They all might as well be speaking some obscure, long dead, ancient dialect of Greek. I cannot make heads or tails of this. Granted, I’ve only watched this once before several months ago, but even still, it’s like…  Ok, so y’all know who Wes Anderson is, right? Famous director? Known for his…let’s be kind and call it *unique* style of filmmaking? Tends to zero in on the ennui of his characters? Has plots that drunkenly stumble their way through two and a half hours?  Yeah. This series is like if Wes Anderson woke up one day and chose *indiscriminate violence.*
I love the Eva reference with the elevator scene ❤
4:22 MARI??!!
I think about "often the greatest of fun can be found in the little moments... Like how little they are?" At least once a week. Best moment to ever exsist in any format ever. People dont understand why i love ENA so much but those two lines perfectly encapsulate what i love about ENA
ENA finally goes to therapy
moony’s boy-toy at the end😭🤣 priceless
just finished rewatching, feeling empty.... welp time to rewatch again!
HOW DARE YOUTUBE KEEP THIS FROM ME FOR 11 MONTHS
As an HSR player, it's wild to see that Ena's voices are Sunday and Sparkle
Did anyone else get masking disappointment in not enjoying something that looks interesting but does suit your taste from this, what did you smell
Ау, есть кто русский?
is this reality fr
9:11 i see gooseworx >:)
Who is ena? Is she from a game?
ENA ONE ένα = Greek word for One  ENA is a representation of the interplay between the Anima and Animus!!!!  Ena is a guide for enlightenment during the noisy digital age!
When I started watching ENA, I thought to myself "Man, this world is really weird and surreal. Well at least main character ENA knows what's going on.". Apparently, I was wrong all along.
ENA FANZ RIZEEE
The mask of Oz...
Hm
The ultimate masking experience
The more ena the happier i am
HOW TF DID I MISS THIS???
She looks like a flag 🤔🇲🇹🇧🇦🇧🇩??
I dunno what it is, but ENA spinning makes me unbearably happy~ (3:09 , 4:15)
Time to go re-watch everything to peep that tasty lore
need to make an edit of ena with the take your mask off song from ttc
you aint alone ENA
8:45 What is this song?
7:56 the Polish subtitles are kinda broken here
Anyone in 2024
Can't write "anhedonia" without ena
What-eh? *Proceeds to stuff hole with unknown human being*
8:37   Moony: ..... 8:38 "whaaat..?" Also Moony: ... *gets arm and grabs human* 8:41  "Fdgiygdtdcycsytisycsthjig" ...  "."
THE ANIMATION, ITS SO SMOOTH AND SO STANDING I LOVE IT ))
자막 좋네.... 벨튀라니 한국인에게 자막을 맡긴듯하네요 그 망할 구글 번역기가 아니라 너무 좋네요
Game name?
0:49  she’s so beautiful but strange at the same time
HAAA 10 month !
Its alteady been 10 months since this.
Absolute cinema
Hinestly this episode is really fun, especially with the ost!
when are you cooking next
Where has Gabe gone?
I love the music 0:53
Ena lore
Big talk
Why does this look like super Mario 64
I like how the mask unquestioningly follows along with everything, with ena herself often being a bit more reluctant. Her true feelings on the matter are hidden behind the desire to please, even when being given advice by others
ONLY KNOW REALISING THERES BEEN A NEW ENA EPISODE???? 10 MONTHS AGO???? THIS IS EPICC
We need a game :0
gonna wait patiently for the next episode 😊
For the last time, it’s called RINGRONGRUUUUNN! 🌚🥹
Creola Mews
7:49 I thought Moony was skinny now?
Neon ENA evangelion
Aniyah Squares
im from JAPANです😂enaが好きです
Basically, ENA tries to get the joke but only ends up going to therapy because she just can't comprehend it and it makes her feel inferious
what happened to the music, it like just got set to private
Good...
For some reason, yeah she does sound and act more sentient in this episode. Her emotions are more clear and she seems more empty than usual. ENA our gorlll is feeling quite weird today :(  (But she got therapy so that’s good)
who is that 8:22
Love that its in classic fallout fashion
yaaaaayyyy
.
I feel like everyone's in on a joke I'm not getting >😢
🫶🫶🫶
LOL
cant believe sunday is in here
How to play dream bbq is it ready yet it a game yes?
Omg y the mask syphon thing
THIS NEEDS TO BE AN ACUALL SHOW OR SMTH CUZ WOW I WOULD LOVE THAT
"TURRON" -ENA
Ying yang pov
Я не розумію це анімація чи гра?
rewatching now, god, new VA is impeccable
Hello, I just wanted to share my impressions of this video series. Well, I want to say that I am incredibly intrigued and at the same time amazed by this series. I loved the concept, the designs, the music, the dialogues, everything. Everything is very original and creative, intriguing and wonderful. Imagine the detailed and interesting minds that made this. Thank you for letting me gaze upon this beautiful work. "Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable." -Banksy
❤
HOW DID I MISS THIS
Idk who this polygonal woman is but now i have more questions
8:04 why she is so creepy.
Will you make more ENA videos Joel G?
This is giving me courage the cowardly dog vibes
Griffin was great as Happy Ena!
is a game?
I really hope you keep collaberating w graham kartna for dream bbq❕❕❕❕
Omg, the animation quality is impeccable! Love the mixed media!
Can you pls make a topic about lore and theories.
The arcana is thd means witch all is revealed
What the heck how did I miss this
"oh sorry the game's taking a while here have a ten minute fully animated and voice acted episode as an apology"
No lo miren drogado...
Autistic / ADHD masking and burnout metaphor (saying from experience) I love it!
<3
ENA IV ( 4 ) : Power Of Potluck By Joel G Kill Count  1 : 6:15  2 : 8:25  ENA IV ( 4 ) : Power Of Potluck By Joel G Kill Count  Total Kill Count : 2
Слабенько, так се
this is YOUR brain off of 1 (one) benadryl
So from what I'm seeing, it looks like Moony's Primal form is inside her original body?
hey mr. joel g wanna take me for voicing someone lol
ena is my spirit animal btw
結局ピンポンダッシュしようとしてたダケなの草
may someone tell me what the graphical choices/what the graphics are based off?
8:08 Ena: " Achei foi paia oh."
i love ENA so muchhhh
씨발 언제 나오냐
و اخيرا سو ترجمه بالعربيه
Посмотрел все серии на данный момент и мне хочется сказать, что это шедевр! Все здесь мне понравилось: голоса озвучки, сама графика классная и особенно музыка. Не знаю почему не так много пишут про нее, ведь она шикарна и еще больше погружает в атмосферу сериала. Хочется раз за разом пересматривать каждую серию, вообщем это произведение подарило мне и грусть, и радость, и другие эмоции. Спасибо❤
honestly, this is by far my least favorite episode. but it still has some charm to it!
The last minutes explained the whole damn thing
ENA ATE WITH NO CRUMBS LEFT.
What the heck joel Im here to stare at ENAs three mile long thigh gap not get a free therapy session ffs
Wait how is this 9 months old? How did I miss this video?
How did i miss this until just now?
I like that this whole "therapy" thing hasn't simply come out of nowhere, like Ena seemed like she was getting progressively more frustrated by her own mood swings and now after a long session of dissociation she's finally accepted that her friend(s?) accept her despite them, that she never needed the mask in the first place.
This is great
im so confused
All of This has something to do with thé concept of-
moony does a kidnapping 8:40
Another drug trip, not sure what I expected.   Good stuff tho :]
I've been watching ENA lore for so long and I still don't get it
First I desover the duck song had a part 4 and now ENA retuns!? I love August
can't believe this is already 8 months old
XD ENA
Fun fact! Ena means 'one' in Greek :3
What happened to ENA’s sad side?
0:53 so I can watch this over and over much easier.
EEENAA
ava
8:30 Crying child? WAS THAT THE BITE OF '87??
i?? i thought i dreamed or hallucinated this video?? completely forgot about it 😭
7:50 The Epic Scene!!
EU INVOCO OS FANS BR AGORAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I just realized the voice for ENA (HAPPY) changed 3 times like bro it didnt even sound different-
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE BLUE SIDE OF ENA?!?
Dont mind me just- 8:34 WAS THAT THE BITE OF 87???!!?!
Joel trying not to make peak (impossible)
My summary of each act (sorry if it sounds weird): ACT 1: Display The actor puts on a mask to display themselves as a jolly fellow and to join in the play.  ACT 2: The Rising Despite following the exact script, they slowly start to get some rising confusion as to why they aren’t feeling the same joy as everyone else, as if they can’t fit in.  ACTs 3 & 4: Crescendo of a Descent. The start of the downfall. The actor realises that (despite feeling audience gratification) there’s absolutely nothing jollifying in this play to begin with, nothing that they like at all, and the mask slowly starts to slip off.  ACT 5: Therapy With some help, the mask is broken, and the patient accepts the fact that they don’t need to force themselves to always take part in major things such as a play to feel joy, thus completing their resolution.
"Without your permission may i check it out?"    -ENA
bro NEEDS to make a game                           now
Does ENA have ADHD?
You should really make a game it would be so fun!! I love ur channel keep up the good work!
I like hearing blue-ena sounding happy more often
Its giving trippy Cave Story on the 3ds and I don't know why
THE BEHELIT AAAAAAAHHHH
Ena yellow curse (because every voice actor for the yellow ena has been in some drama)
ENA finally went to therapy!
32
Lopez David Clark Donna Thompson Angela
Why is moony always trying to fill that square hole in her?
The thumbnail reminds me of that one Yume Nikki animation
Yo! Wtf!? How am 8months late to an Ena episode!?
WHAT HAPPENED TO ENA
dream barbecue spoilers?
8:41 NOT THE GMOD RAGDOLL SOUNDS 😭
I HATE THIS STUPID JOB👿 ena 2024-
What type of Ena is this and what is it called
Yo this was uploaded on my birthday
Me going to my room to harass my friends online : 3:19
8 months ago ALREADY??? Time flies
8:45 the outro is everything y'all😭😭
I just got this on my for you page because of my sister she watches stuff like this SMH
i remember watching this but at the same time dont remember anything that happened in it other than the whole mask thing what the hell
I love herrr 😅
ena is grif o is boy
Am i on Crack
She’s so silly
meow
These videos are getting more weirder and more random 😅
5:07 wtf is happening here
Honestly I think the only was this could improve is if a few re-interact scene were added were the characters berate or encourage you to move on.
ENA 3: the wierd shaped face! Play now!
bro this seriuslly looks like a game, joel G surprising us every 43859 years with a new ena video
That was literally Zeke from doors
3:18 that’s creepy….
I think that the fact that Ena was playing with Moony before entering this place is a reference to those "little moments" of true fun...
That magic world
LOVED THIS!
i saw this on newgroinds once and was confused af i didnt know of ena till now lol
me at 3 in the morning: "911 whats ur emergency" me:"ENA isnt ENAing"
ENA is actually four and x's child
8:15 this is trip
4:17 yume nikki in a nutshell
Hylics and ENA should make a collab
3:36 why does he look like Benito Mussolini?
ALL WE NEED GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The way ENA struts backwards into the curtain *chefs kiss*
Joel... what is this
난 90년대의 기괴한 분위기를 풍기던 3D아트를 사랑합니다
Ena makes into the third dimension
集合体恐怖症トリハダものの恐ろしい風貌でありながらも、恐らくENAの世界観では一番の聖人？と思われる骸骨さん
5:46 Why did I already know that he was gonna start with “So, tell me...”
late to the potluck glad i watched it eventually
6:11
Is that a Ranger-X reference with the rotating wireframe model at the end?
Mask ena sounds like Twilight Sparkle, lmao
try
Omg I came here because I heard both sunday's HSR VA and sparkle's HSR VA voice ENA. Im so glad to find out this new show to watch 😄
AWWW, SO CUTE 💥
I get that im unforgivabley late, but new ena just dropped
whys there an eye in the masks mouth?
Yeah.... Afflictions come from the desperate desires for more. The feeling of feeling trough someone else, just out of need. Gets old. The persona that we hide behind of... Its just a world twisting illusion. But when it is anhilated, then you can see thruth. And the lies of those so much idolatred by oneself in the past times.   Or maybe it's just me dude idk
mi mejor sueño fue cuando Ena y yo nos casamos
Omg.... Shes like masking her emotions...
I think this might be the most coherent narrative in an ENA video? Cool :D
I've never been more absolutely perplexed by a series but dang this is so good and fun!
i get the feeling this ENA is different than the one we see in dream bbq, perhaps a fake one if you will, one made for just entertainment for this lousy game like dream world, but perhaps she's gaining sentience over that fact? Maybe realizing she isn't in the real world, aka, the world the dream BBQ is settled in, aka where the real ENA is, maybe, just maybe.
I’m a ena fan ily (I love you ena) she’s great is it a game?
0:57 ok this is kind fire rn
fun fact! enas happy side is vaed by sundays va (hsr)!
This was fun to return to after penacony
❤❤❤❤wow nice video keep it up😊
Now I want this as an actual game.
I MISSED THIS BY 7 MONTHS????
I wish next part of the ENA will be something like frutiger aero, because first was windows 95 and this is like early 2000-2010s graphics. And also i thing it's all will leak us to the game about this show!
the mask, plus the reference to a character being changed by act 2 of a play, makes me think that joel might have read The King in Yellow
"Its all an act"
I like to interpret this ep as like- the mask being that quite literally, a mask. Masking is a "coping" mechanism people use and from the start of the ena series, ena has been trying to hide her sad side
5:46 ENA's therapy hits hard. It was also for me.
internet - seggsual gratification aka bee dee essem - communal joy - voyeuristic thrillseeking - therapy
Good job 👍 Nice work
Without your permission may i check it out
Literally feels like im in bed and im dreaming while watching this video, but im not
This is s f--king fever dream, i like it
꿈 꾸는 것 같다
“Sadly, happiness is not for sale.”  Vibe.
Soddiken vibes
Veo bastantes referencias a la cultura peruana en tus animaciones y tu proximo juego, aqui la coneja tiene ropa de marinera y en el trailer de BBQ Ena, hay personas con ropa andina, eso es lo maximo, usar las raices la cultura de donde provenimos, te felicito y te deseo lo mejor que todo se salga bien Joel!
What happend to ena’s face omfg
You got any ideas for Episode 5
mega fan de enaa
oh to live in such a universe
FINALLY AFTER THREE YEARS
0:22 Atari Battlezone 1:49 Windows 3D Pipes 4:12 Atari Asteroids What else?
1:17 KATAMARI
Неужели  я одна русская?
(Part 4)  *Fun is what you seek* *Though clarity is what’s found* *To run from the past*  (Part 5 is where three are revealed!)
I've never been more confounded in my life! But at least I found the Joy
Man, being a fan of madness combat is surely helps rise up patience.  When ENA Dream bbq gonna came out it's gonna blow internet, even if shortly, and this can't be an exaggeration, it's just entirely different case.
PEAK
In my gut Every video of ena has a meaning even i cant find it
5 acts, more like 5 stages of grief, you ain't tricking me this time
tf is goin' on.
Will there be a game
Trippy as heck! 😵😵
The way she poses on the elevator is such a mood and I want that to be me
1:17 In a part of the map, there is a draw of the witchy from 3rd and 4th Act in company with a realistic version of her partner. So weird ¿no?
So I suppose this represents the cycle of social media, where you make happiness a product, you overindulge in it, then you become the product yourself, until you realize that you wont ever find anything substantial through what is being offered so you decide to live your real life once again.
6 months
I want to be friends with Ena
When i first saw this fandom it gave me a sense of weirdcore vibes and it looked like it was made back on 2004 I love it❤
What if this was a real game.
Yas
i think sundays va is in this LOL
ena plays hit and run and accidentaly gets inside the house of a therapeutic's mansion, getting a free session during the way
How is this the most cohesive ena episode to date?
Its so hard to talk about ena while trying to acknowledge her as one and two peoe at the same time 😂
I love how at 4:58, act 3 and 4 is named “Crescendo of a Decent”. Crescendo in musical terms in to get gradually louder, which the word choice could be foreshadowing that ENA is gradually falling deeper in to this decent.
"THE ENA FANDOM IS STILL ALIVE. " We all gaslight ourselves in unison
I love the “you can’t buy happiness” symbolism they got going on 😅
This needs to be a game
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH-
one of my favorite interpretations of this episode is that its an allegory for autism. ena tries to find joy in activities that others enjoy, but she herself finds strange or tiresome; something i experience frequently as an autistic person myself.  Act I: Connections and bonds that are meant to transmit cheerfulness do not necessarily transmit happiness to Ena when she tries to connect with them. Similarly, a decent chunk of folks with autism find that they aren’t truly integrated into their friendships and are merely tolerated. Not joy is being transmitted, just tolerance.  Act II: “Sometimes, the most astonishing experiences are the ones we never expect.” As Ena’s mask puts it, this strain of joy is exploring the unknown. It’s an endless stream of change and Ena simply doesn’t get it. As twists and turns become unfamiliar, routine is broken and that’s an uncomfortable feeling for some folks. They have a different rhythm and waltzing off beat is odd.  Act III & IV: What is a story of silent movements if not body language and facial cues? While Ena is capable of acting out these silent movements and is praised for doing so, it’s something that’s only tiring. Ena doesn’t sense any change in who she is, and is only acting out a role she didn’t mean to play.  Act V: This one is just self-evident. This is the one part where Ena’s mask breaks off, and the therapist calls its joy “exaggerated”, adding to the idea that the mask is her masking her sadness. She understands how it’s supposed to make her happy, but she can’t feel that happiness. The therapist tells her that she won’t find any fulfillment in the building, as it’s a place not built for her.  what does the end mean? I Cannot Tell You.
ENA takes SSRI's
6:25 me when there no subscribers and comments
чт
Is ena two people in one body or are the colors just moods or something
Окей это не просто стильно я заплакала
Это так стильно❤️
Ena (Blue) Looks different...has ENA (Yellow) forced him to smile and be happy?
I think the acts may symbolize drugs?
2:10 😮 (Lisa the joyful flashbacks)
ENA I LOVE U
Brain not braining😂
I think I’m high
ENA FANS COME AROUND AND WAKE THE FXCK UPPPP
Are we just gonna ignore that part of Ena’s face is flying off orrrrrrr-
the sudden ad must have been the most annoying and unwanted thing ever
YOU ARE SO COOOL
Se malviajo ena
Ena :D
erm what the sigma  🐷
this would be so cool as a video game imo
I love this, a world unlike ours, with difrient rules, it makes so little sence to us bc its not our world, but a difrient world where ours woud be the weird one, and it realy shows how many difrient prespectives there can be
Lol 8:36
não entendi nada, muito bom
It's kinda interesting to me how the sad side of ENA was now made to sound happier, saying that they're having fun and such, but the shape of them is like a mask... so it's like masking your deep sadness through being cheerful and saying that everything is alright and happy. And at around 1:54 they start doing that one dance shown in temptation stairway which ENA's happy side was doing, but now it's the mask-like sad side of ENA... so it really is trying to be like the "happy side" of ENA, even when they're not. They're still the sad side of ENA but it's true nature is being repressed.
8:35
Magnum opus!!!
zipper man be like
i wanna hug the both of them ;-;
3:18 There was no need for her to enter the curtains like this. Yet you did because it looked  cool. And does it look so good.
0:03 ''que isso um cu?'' carteiro cosmico
Why did no one tell me that this came out
I JUST FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS??? 😭😭😭
i think we all know ena is becoming self aware that she is trapped ina digital era either the 2000 or today's era  Edit*  this video might also explain about ena trying to find joy but fails to
SHE IS SOO 𝘽𝘼𝘼𝘼𝘾𝙆 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣💯💯💯💯💯💯
This is my new favorite episode from the ENA series Joel G.. 💙
Bro how has it been 5 months already!?
Omg JOEL ITS BEEN FOREVERRR!!! Btw! I love your ENA animations they just hit different and better than cartoons!
DOES MOONY'S ARM SNAP HIS NECK AT THE END OR IS THAT JUST THE COLLISION...?
This was funny.
to chapado
WAIT SR PELO WAS INVOLVED WITH THIS!?
I think I get it now, ENA is questioning how ringing a stranger’s doorbell and running away is “fun” to do   There is definitely sarcasm in this 🤓
Love🎉❤😂
these character designs are absolutely impeccable
“what?” shoves a man’s body inside of themself
8:42 Garry's mod ragdolls are always a comic relief.
This feels like ENA is masking, sincerely trying to figure out how to find joy in these things that other people enjoy, and hiding her true emotions. My autism can smell it. (also how did a fictional character get better results from therapy than me?)
I don't know it it was intentional, but ENA's mask reminds me a lot of how Moony looks
I truly find this series interesting with the character designs and stories are very good as well!
what happened to ena and why is she build like that did i miss anything
ITS BEEN 2 YEARS LETS GO
WE AWAKENED
I love how she still climbs even though when on ground she hovers and as you can see in 2:29 she doesn’t hover on the floor :D
I think that Ena wishes that she had balance between her feelings and did not lose control like she did in the temptation stairway episode, and that is why she had this mask to find joy and balance between her personality.
I. Use to watch these in the 1989
To continue off my previous theory of Ena's world being the spirit realm made of the essence of all the art mankind has created:  This episode shows Ena mostly being half herself, having her blue side disconnected from her main stream of thoughts. Through each room we see Blue signifying her optimistic and passionate outlook on art ("Wowie! I'd like to buy some of those"). Yellow behaves realistically in contrast, like shes us reflecting on the room before her. Blue doesnt, she sees art objectively like a how an art connoisseur does -- detached yet intrigued like a true observer.  In the end we see she's not a part of Ena anymore. She's the mask.  I believe in the scheme of my theory, this signifies art's loss of its sense of self, especially the subject matter Ena represents. Maybe she's a representation of all of art's audiences. It would explain why there is more of her but with different experiences and why she experiences everything as a fleeting moment. When you are the audience, everything can just be a skip and a glance to you. You can pause, you can reflect, but you are eventually on your way.  I noticed that most of the NPCs they noticed even in the past episodes are artists themselves or appear as it. They created or nurture something like with the shepherd and the garden and then the crying women here. Ena hasn't done that.
Now I’ve heard of masking your emotions but this is ridiculous!
THE FILM STYLE LIP READING IS SO COOL
I’m on shrooms and I’m having a trip this is fvcking trippy asf 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
So why is enas face detatched and connected to her other side with a flesh spaghetti?
He’s back
I love this style so much. It's so so deeply drenched I can't help but want more!!
These just get higher and higher quality, complexer and complexer, this is so much like an odd video game. The mix of 3D and 2D is really good! You’re absolutely amazing at both!! All of the characters look soooo good and unique!!
1:28-1:32-1:42-1:46-1:50-3:36-4:08-4:27-4:40-6:22
“You have been coming here persistently - over and over.” the big skull man saying that makes me think that ENA recognises whats happening and her emotions etc but doesnt know what to do so shes trying to find solace in her memories or therapy.  thats one of my takes anyway.
wth is the face at 3:26
Is turron still real?
Itz been like 1000000000 years since ive seen ena
Not only did ENA somehow got even better, but called out both my and ENA’s toxic positivity   Darn, this is great!
what is this
yeah, i get it
8:40 half life 2 ragdoll moment
6:19 I start to think ENA is the representation of teenagers' personality and emotions. This is because ENA resembles a teenage girl, and in puberty, many emotional changes and conexions happen: anxiety grows and the individual tends to become depressed for no apparent reason.
8:37 Moony's "what" melts my heart
I would love to see Louie Zong do some music for ENA! :D
What happened to ena's blue face
FIRE ENA EPSODE LET'S GOOOOO
8:38 GURL CALM DOWN, NO NEED FOR VIOLENCE
Woman comes out of other woman's mouth.... NOPE. No thanks. Bye
Some of these characters think that being fake all the time is fun apparently... and that's not fun.
I like how ENA doesn’t question strange “connection” place, she’s more confused because thing that supposed to bring her joy didn’t do it for her.  It’s really relatable, even if her world itself is very wacky.
ENA fans assemble⭐️
Did moony just snap that guys neck?
I don't understand something if ena is half blue and half yellow or other colors sometimes,That means that her mother or father was like uhm blue or yellow?
東脳感が強くなってきた
Why fedex
What a madness, omg
Ah, "fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfgdfg" the best subtitle translation of all time. - 8:41
As always I have no idea what I just watched, but I enjoyed the journey lol
3:37
ena content yayyyyyyyyyy
is ena a boy or girl?
:)
THIS WAS POSTED ON MY BDAY OMG
😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
My grandma's name is Ena.....
Haha, zipper head
久々に見返しに来てみたら何か更新されてんだけど！？会いたかったぞぉENAァ!!!!!
How did i just saw this video today?
It’s been so long😭🙏🏻
Why is the mask there
3:18  (*cutely moon walks through door*)
next episode when!
That made no sense at all
This ena's new voice looks like the first one we hard
I HECKING LOVE THIS SERIES OFML🗣🔥
ENA FANS ITS BEEN 281827482920671057 YEARS GET UP NOWWWWW
엉? 한국어 자막이 있네? 띠용??
sometimes fun is funny
8:42 the subtitles make me laugh at this part.
this series is unintelligible and clear at the same time
It reminds me to the old Gameboy Advance RPG games
This is so fun to hear Sparkle and Sunday voices here😭
You can count on ENA to be absolutely mind screwy
Ох... Эти анимации про ену они прекрасны... Странностьи и странного воображения автора... Я наслаждаюсь от этих анимаций
HIIII ENNAAA
This episode looks like a legitimate game.
Me imagino a ena diciendo: ya re pe causaaaaa :v
:{ D
LOL you must be crazy
Oh Goddd I LOVE thisss!!!
7:14 after he said that my PC violently crashed because of some overheating problems I've been having... Needless to say my soul left my body (for how loud it was) and I think the universe was sending me a message.
9:29- 9:31 PM March 26th 2024; Inside the hair of the Amaru, exist their true wings, with which they fly around like the human flying mechanism known as a "helicopter"  the wing feathers on the arms are for steering & courtship, for they can easily change color & pattern by will.
hmm what a happy thought      ᚨ ᛋᚺᚨᛞᛟᚹ ᚹᚨᛚᚴᛋ ᛁᚾ ᛚᛁᚷᚺᛏ ᛟᚱ ᛁᛋ ᛚᛁᚷᚺᛏ ᚹᚨᛚᚴᛋ ᛁᚾ ᛋᚺᚨᛞᛟᚹ ᚺᛗᛗ ᛈᛖᚱᚺᚨᛈᛋ ᛏᚺᛖᚤ ᚨᚱᛖ ᛏᚺᛖ ᛋᚨᛗᛖ ᚠᛟᚱ ᛁᚾ ᚨ ᚹᛟᚱᛚᛞ ᛟᚠ ᛋᛗᛟᚴᛖ ᚨᚾᛞ ᛗᛁᚱᚱᛟᚱᛋ  ᛏᚺᛖᚤ ᚲᚨᚾ ᛒᛖ ᛏᚺᛖ ᛋᚨᛗᛖ ᚠᛟᚱ ᛒᛟᛏᚺ ᛋᛖᛖᛗ ᛏᛟ ᛚᛟᛟᚴ ᚠᛟᚱ ᛖᚨᚲᚺ ᛟᛏᚺᛖᚱ ᛚᛁᚴᛖ ᛚᛟᚡᛖᚱᛋ  ᛟᚱ ᚨ ᚾᛖᛖᛞᛖᛞ ᚲᛟᚾᚾᛖᚲᛏᛁᛟᚾ  ᛁᚾ ᛏᚺᛖ ᚡᛟᛁᛞ
moony inside ena's sad part: i LOVE FUN!!!!
HOW DID I JUST FIND THIS PART HUH
The Green face inside the mask, dont remember you someone......  BBQ green Ena
WAIT... SPECIAL THANKS TO.... SR PELO?! LOVE HIM BUT WHAT'D HE DO?! 9:44
Hi!
This is the most confusing series to me
We need more Ena glitches
5:54 💀💀💀
Oh, i remember encountering a high majority of them! How fascinating of fans still liking me! :D
🎉🎉🎉😊
8:40 ah yes, "fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfgdfg"
i love when ena is just ena
😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
omgggggg
✨  T U R R O N ✨
reminds me to yume nikki <3 love it
Y para este disparate dejo su antigua animacion?
I wonder if the guy showing up at the end has a meaning, like if ENA's world is breaking and Moony is trying to hide it...
How the beginning was shot it looked like there was going to be an opening credits, the frame stays on ena for a good second after she says fun and the music ends before cutting to another scene
I’m so confused… BUT IN LOOOVE!!!😊
So isn't the game like canon? Or does this happened before the events of the game?
GMOD!!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why is the dramatic/blue part of ena now happier and floating?
What happened to enas eye?
I know I shouldn't really be questioning this series but where are ENA and Moony supposed to be?  Aren't they supposed to be trapped in The Great Runas' residence for 10,000 years after the ending of Temptation Stairway?
believe it or not, this is the second work by a guy named Joel I'm in the credits of.
I love how everything and everyone is so pretty in there own way
YESSS MORE ENA!!!!
the skull heads thing sounds like markiplier lol
I think i have a crush on Ena 🫣🫣🫣
Tldr: bipolar guy goes onto to reddit lookin for stuff to do, asks 1 too many questions then calls a therapist
I love it!!
What happened to the guy at the end? Sounds like she snapped its neck!
YESSSSS
7:45 Moony makes every video funnier
i know it's been 3 months since the launch, but...    *_what a time to be alive_*
ИГРУ ВЫПУСКАЙТЕ ПИДОРАСЫ
Every single Ena video feels like visiting another universe, living a whole life there, and then waking up the real world like no time passed at all.
6:20 Pause to see
... what?
96
I have no clue what’s going on.   *i love It.*
SR PELO?????!
"Without your permission, may I" 3:08 🤣🤣🤣
ENAAAAA🫶🫶🫶
英語弱者なので誰か翻訳を…あとしかめっ面ENA可愛い
I also feel like connections and bonds bit may be referencing to her brain chemistry (does ENA have a brain) and the fact that it seems to have some flaws regarding the transmission of happiness. Depressive girl :( “These twists and turns are getting odd. Am I the one the rhythm can’t catch? This notion of happiness is getting quite strange..” This is feeling out of place doing the things others perceive as leasing for joy — making connections, going out, and other things that you sometimes don’t have the energy for and you feel out of “rhythm” with others. Comparing your own abilities with others in terms of finding joy and not doing what you’re *supposed* to be doing, because you’re not able to. Because of either how little energy you have or how awful you feel. “It seems I’ve lost my way to the next act, id rather not miss it.” This this this is so relatable oh my god. Missing the act, missing life goals!! feeling like youre behind while everyone else has everything figured out, all their milestones complete and you’re lagging behind like an excuse of a person. Rushing to complete the things you should’ve already done or have experienced as to not “miss the act”. Damn this episode is a lot more relatable than I realized.. :,)  The entire thing also takes place in a theatre, the art genre thats responsible for masking your true emotions in order to fulfill a role for the satisfaction of the audience. Its here where there is the least amount of joy for ENA.
Has anyone else noticed that throughout all 5 acts, none of the characters are ever mean to Ena? Sort of like Staff at a Therapist. They aren't going to be rude, their job is to help!
Everyone should go to therapy--nobody should remain in therapy. There's a line between exploring yourself and wallowing, simlar to the difference between talking things out and complaining, and the difference is routine and frequency. There's a time and place for introspection that only you can decide, and it's not penciled in at 6 O'clock on Saturdays. A paid therapists won't discourage visitation due to the influence of money. And very few people in general have the fortification to recognize when help isn't helping anymore.
O Joel g cara antes de lansar o jogo porque vc n tenta explicar   o sentido da série ena cara tipo vai lansar o jogo e ninguém vai saber o sentido da série cara oque qual é o sentido da série termina ela antes do joga cara
ngl the ending made me laugh for some reason
los dialogos no generan sentimientos en un video dedicado al sentimiento. es admirable a la par que confuso. ¿ es intensional ?
jeje me encanta esto, tu estilo de videojuego retro, los personajes locos y las situaciones raras  sinceramente esta excelente
Yay you're back!!
Sometimes I wanna give ena a hug of comfort.
senti falta da ENA, tem uns 2 anos sem ver um único vídeo dela par mts tempo hoje que bateu a nostalgia
im trying to understand but I feel like that would defeat the point
This is why Joel is the absolute goat
WOAH IM LATE BUT YAAAAAAAAY
I don't remember my Ena being this floaty
Im just as interested in ENAs story as much as anyone else but all I would like to at the moment is why moony keeps shoving objects into her “eye” socket thingy 😂
Random thought but y'know how ENA seems to be struggling to find satisfaction or happiness in all of these episodes (with her trying to achieve a goal as a form of happiness achievement or purpose)?  You think Moony, despite her confident and brash exterior, is also struggling to find happiness/satisfaction in her own way?  One of the key details about Moony's design is the big square shaped hole in her face, which is always carrying something different in it- as anything that goes in never stays forever. It's like she's trying to fill a void in herself (literally, but perhaps also metaphorically) but the pieces she tries to put in there do not fit (or she herself ends up throwing them away, like she did with the red piece in this episode).  Moony is also shown to be very willing to grab/steal things that belong to other people in order to fill the hole, such as the zipper guy's...guy at the end of this episode, or the Shepherdess' staff + a mannequin person's limb in Temptation Stairway. Maybe she's willing to steal things from other people to fill the void, in hopes that the things that make other people happy/complete will make her happy/complete?  ENA's search for happiness is shown in a very emotion/character based way, but she's also our focus character- perhaps Moony's own search for happiness is also happening in the background, never shown emotionally since Moony acts so brashly outwardly, but rather in Moony's actions  ENA and Moony also both lose critical details of their designs in the finale of Temptation Stairway: ENA's body becomes entirely yellow (losing her iconic two-toned palette- losing the blue side of her that represents sadness), while Moony's entire old design is lost when she develops a humanoid body that barely resembles her old self (and lacks the square hole she's always trying to fill)- and these are both implied to be the combined results of a wish to the Great Runas and the winner of their race paying the debts of the loser (a wish that would presumably give the winner/wisher happiness, and repaying the debts of the loser would presumably also give the loser happiness)  I dunno...maybe that's just a bunch of nonsense but just a shower thought I had XD
Okay it was funny tbh
the animation at 8:12 was amazing \to me for some reason
This gives a lot of TBOI: Tainted Lillith vibes
обожнюю ену
❤
Cool cameo by cheesasauras rex
I didn't necessarily watch ena but I kinda like it now!
Es como si estuviera escuchando a angel dust o a alastor
One of the weaker ENA videos if not the weakest. Doesn't have the charm.   Weird to see how Joel kind of fumbled this massive following with ENA by taking years to make the videos. The video game likely turned into a massive time/money sink with all of the delays. The view counts for the older videos are 10-15x what this brought in.
This is easily the most demented ENA episode thus far.
6:35 she has been coming to the drug dealer to buy drugs
"It's been a year Joel,I missed your work for so long"
I’m sorry, but I’m hella new to this stuff, is that a guy or girl? Or just something bizarre, like just existence itself.
No entendí una chota 😔👎
翻訳者に感謝
Woah! A day before my birthday!
I just love this so much
Which ENA is this? How strange it is that they talk through the mask.
Is this episode a prequel?
WHY IS THIS SO UNDERATED😫😫😫
Wtaf why havenr i heard of this video until now ????
Hm. A thing that I really liked from previous episodes were the first-person perspective, game-like camera movements, granted this is still like a game, but moreso like a point and click adventure rather than a doom type camera. Another thing I'm missing is the whacky, multilingual voice acting which seems to be lacking here as well. Hopefully there'll be more of that in the future, but this is still a good video, just not what I expected or is used to when it comes to ena
THE fact that I found this when me and my friends where searching up our names on the computers and when I searched my name this came up my friend said “oh great your a coloured microwave” but then I watched and I’m like “woah this is just.iusbyobwouvsjobhsbhss” and now I absolutely love it (fun fact yes my actual name IS ena said exactly like en-na) ain’t that funny  ENA has come a long way Can’t wait for more!
Я обожнюю  ENA 😍❤
*farts*
I need the song that bunny lady sings in the start to be on apple music so bad
I think this has lore...
dizzy
5:45 Omg it's that school of fish from Finding Nemo
q es esto, no entndi nd
Did Ena Give birth?
This reminds me too much of Popee The Performer.
yall, I know you've probably heard something like this before, but as an autistic person the idea of everyone around me being able to experience and understand emotions I can't is so... real, and despite the abstract presentation, I understand it deeply, like being able to understand the emotion of not the setting, which makes it make all the more and less sense
THERAPY HELP 😭
8:21 Ena's face dude
Holy crap… the art and animation of this episode is on a WHOLE OTHER LEVEL. All I could think of is how amazing the ENA game is going to be.
the VirtualBoy wireframe graphics are epic.  most kids these days don't even  know what wireframe grahics is
I think that all of these acts may be in relation to, well relationships (not just romantic to be clear), and ENA as a very likely representation of depression (or neurodivergence) trying to tackle them.  Act 1 is the connections themselves, considered by many to feel satisfying and meaningful just by their existence, but ENA can't see the point in connection alone.  Act 2 is the the twists and turns of interaction with people, the happy surprises and the conflicts. I think this is why the act looks like it does, it's walking the streets of life with other faces along side you. ENA however is off put by their lives and problems, and/or (could be both) rather the people around ENA don't understand or click with them.  Act 3 & 4 I believe is putting on an act for those around you, and feeling the acts they put on themselves (or possibly 4 is the satisfaction from their approval in your act). I feel like the character's appearances in this act reinforce that; skeletons that can't express much masquerading behind these thin cut-outs that show how they want to be seen. ENA knows how to put on an act often quite well, but doesn't feel like they gain anything from it, it feels like a chore, a job.  Act 5 is what you're usually pointed to when you have these troubles, Therapy (as its clearly stated). The therapist points out their mask's exaggeration and ENA opens up, realizing that to go through this play (the game of relationships) they've worn a mask that covers the side of themself they dislike. The mask always seems to "get" the point of each play, but in a very superficial way, like it's pretending to understand and enjoy it. I think the next bit is basically the therapist telling ENA that they don't HAVE to be chasing relationships to enjoy life, and can just find fun in the simple things you're not usually made to consider. That's maybe why at the end ENA comments that the play (representing relationships in theory) wasn't very fun, and is so perplexed by the strange behaviors and abrasive nature of Moony, which I feel like ENA usually doesn't question in an attempt to fit the mold of standard relationships.  Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk :)
겜 만드는 중?
I dont even understand what is going on, but i love thiss
Is weird seeing ENA get confused about her own world...
Holy cow
How fortuitous that there is new ENA content before the Dream BBQ can begin. Here I was beginning to assume that Season 1 has reached its conclusion.
ENA is back with a brand new Episode, and it's still as odd and creative as it was before !!
0:53 She looks so creepy...but I love her
Wow give a shout out to this person this is fire
I love the rabbit
wtf is on her face is that a dog
F the mascarita the de ena. Joel g
Hte no espanol joel g 😅
No se ablar igles o peruano joel g😅
😊
I love that the plot is starting to connect and resolve. It didn't seem possible with how wacky and unspoken everything else is. I'm extra excited now
Joel should make a ENA game sometime.
Idk but this is pretty obvious to most. From the begining that person yelling the the background was probably moony yelling at ena to come back after ringing the bell
YO THIS IS SICK I LOVE IT
I recently read a thing on TV Tropes that says that the parasitic mask thing may represent 'masking', which apparently is when autistic people mimic the emotions of those around them to fit in, even if they don't fully understand what's happening. Given it's from TV Tropes and i neglected to do any further research, take this comment with a grain of salt. Still, always good to see the depth the next ENA episode brings. Excellent work, Joel.
I like the framing of joy as performance, and the concepts of “fun” and “joy” not necessarily being same especially if you’re masking for it
ʘ⁠‿⁠ʘ
De Game?!
Wait wait, i just realized this now, but why does ENA suddenly dont have the horizontal line strap overall thats connected to her skirt? Is this a new design or somehow they forgot to add it in (small mistake i think but i was wondering where is it)
Yo creo que solo tenia Hambre.
My head cannon is that Ena is someone stuck in a screwed up virtual world that has been running for thousands and thousands of years. Its been running so long that the virtual world and all the people in it have completely forgotten what reality is supposed to look like and now everything is just madness.
T U R R O N
I missed ena ngl
this ena character reminds me of david byrne
can someone fill me in on why ENA has no sad face
Turron
HOLY SHT Is this an ENA episode with an actual metaphorical story?!?!?!?! or am i  just tryping balls? have all the episodes been like this?
Moony is very frightening to me. I dislike the way she "handles" others
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS RELEASED
Watching this is like a fever dream on acid, I love it.
when dream bbq
i didnt understand a single thing... I LOVE ITTTT11!!!!!1!
Dude so like you guys know that Drake meme? where he has an alter ego named anita max wynn. imagine ena doing that but when he says anita max wynn they make their voice feminine
interesting.. truly art as always,
本当に素晴らしい動画をありがとうございます。またのお越しをお待ちしております。　拝啓　　敬具　　ENA
first ena episode in 2 years ever.      and its amazing
5:00 That might be a reference to "Bunraku", a centuries old Japanese puppet theatre where the black-robed puppeteers move the puppets from behind against a dark background, so that they won't be visible for the audience.🤔
0:31 Now this turned into an isometric adventure game! Cool!😊
Is it just me, or is the sequence at 4:18 a callout to some cult-classic games?  I see off-brand representations of Kyuukyuu-kun (Yume Nikki), Berdly (Deltarune), and Something (Omori).
Did he just eat him 8:35
Bro, why is she? Naked 2:43
For
Gracias de nuevo a Joel y a todo el equipo detrás de ENA por entregar esta joya de la animación.
YEAAAAH
Whatttttt? Proceeds to insert a human through hole
00:04 Both sides are talking at the same time👀
I... AM TRIPPING... BALLS>
I like how the acts follow the main storytelling structure! DISPLAY is nothing but pipes connecting together, which acts as the information CONNECTING with you in the exposition! THE RISING  is the Rising Action, the Crescendo of the Descent are the Climax and Falling Action, and Therapy is, as the Therapist says, her Resolution. Just one of many neat layers in this!
They have improved <3
Me encanta esta serie :D
What is Ena?
Hasnt anyone noticed how ENA doesnt have the black strip in the middle of her chest?
7:49 I love the new ENA episode, but I gotta ask; This dude on the left is called Boo, with "Tamagotchi" aesthetic, the game which their appearance is based on. What are they doing with Moony? How did they show up in the end?
odd how the little "theater building" in the shape of castillo de san marcos
joel's is a absolute unit for releasing this
5:07 just makes me laugh for absolutely no reason at all
What happen to the blue part
I feel scammed
я уже думала, что такие эпизоды выходить не будут, только игра
2:41
te amo joel g
es una maravilla
I have no idea what I’m watching but that’s what I like about it
me fr
Shotout to the arabic translator 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽😩😩😩
I really love the ending credits song! Can someone tell me where to find the rest?
my favourite ena episode after temptaion stairway, ı love how ena is realizing this world and how it is like
Ena is so silly I love her
Most people see ENA as one person, however, as someone who is part of a plural system, I see two people who are comfortable with each other, sharing a body, flipping back and forth. The voices and the change in personality really seal the deal there, and though it doesn't make her world more understandable, it at least makes it easier to understand her character.
Секундочку, у Айны, что, НОВЫЙ ДРУГ? Вау, это многое изменит!
Absent-minded Giovanni   🟨◾️🟦◼️🔷️🟡⬛️🔘🔲🔳💠▫️▪️
THIS SERIES STILL EXISTS DAMN I REMEMBER MAKING THE MOST BOOTYCHEEK GOD AWFUL """"WEIRDCORE"""" INSPIRED MUSIC WHEN I WAS 11
seeing this while eating a bottle of frozen ice is truly something
😮 que estoy viendo???
03:10 the way she/he went in the curtains sheeshhh 😮‍💨
After so many months she comes back ena Edit:I just don't know what happened to her It seems like her personality split into another one.
coolio
FEED US MORE JOEL
What did Sr Pelo do?
is it just me or do the "siblings" look like deltarune characters?
PELOOOOOOOOO PELOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
can we pls get more hands up
THEY BACK OMG I MISSED YOU POOKIE
8:58 Lots of animators and other people reminds me of BFI all episodes
ENA feels more like an actual game now, and i love it.
Was the man coming out of the dog supposed to represent Joel G?
artistic ending.
i love how everybody else is talking all smart and actually taking in the maning of this, while im over here thinking "hehehheh body go fmdkmfdmfgl" BUT SRS THO THIS IS SO GOOD
Wow
ɘna
The senses these projections with, are quite tickling. It exudes the taste of creativity in my own spiral mind. One day I hope to expose the contents of my cranium and to impose the squishy feelings of entertainment to others just like you my featherless bipedal compatriot.
THE END GETS ME moony:Whaut 😫
Its so random i love it
Theory:ena do got dat zaza
what happened to enas face?
SHE RETURNED
ENAシリーズってただカオスで美しいアニメーションではないことに気づいた。 限りなく変わっていく社会や人間関係に違和感や自分だけ置いていかれる不安を感じている中でも楽しみと幸せを手に入れようとしているのか。 でも必死こいて自分を偽ったり誰かに尽くしきらなくても、それらはいつのまにか手を伸ばせば届くところにあるのかもしれない。 また手の届かないところにあっても、誰かが届けてくれるかもしれない。 ENAがMOONにしょうもないいたずらに巻き込まれてるみたいに...気づかぬうちに...
i have changed from this being the pinnacle of autism to ghnfghhggjkfsdfasdhjhljfkadslkjfasdlhjkadgsjkhfjdsahfgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahelpmetheytookmyentirefamilyylimaferitneymkootyehtemplehaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagfhasdjfhkjsgdakjhldsafjklsdakfjlhjhdsafdsfkjgghhgfnhg
WhAad . 8:38
Y’all, where’s the little middle strap on her suspenders? 😰😰😰  WHERE IS THE MIDDLE STRAP ON HER SUSPENDERS???!! 😰😰😰😰😰😰 (It’s giving a little “you know who” 🥓🍖🥩🍔🌭🍗)
I love when ENA uses phrases I had never heard before  Also thought her personalities split apart with the sad one becoming the joyful mask
Че
Ena >>>>>>> digital circus
Ena is the nost relatable media figure next to Toga for me.
she's just like me fr
govni go next
This is the first time I have re-watched this. It has still yet to sift into my standard perception of Ena as a character, not that there is a grand shift in her character because of this, it's just a lot of new.
2:32 bearenstein bears ref
Say I have to wonder tho I’m surprised Ena needs therapy out of all characters that could get it she’s the one that wants it
Joel G knew how to do "random" perfectly with Ena, this chapter gave me a feeling of I don't know what, it also made me feel Strange memories, as if I had seen those scenarios somewhere
I really love how you make these episodes that make ENA look like it's a video game.
What happened to enas blue face?
The ending/credits theme always makes me think of pokemon because it sounds like it'd fit right in to a GBA Pokemon game as the Champion battle theme.
The most intelligent video about death, and therefore, life, that I've ever seen...
ENA looked so goofy  adn silly in the beginning and griffin did a good job, i didn't think i even noticed her happy voice change
You know things are getting real weird when even ena is questioning what is going on
glad to see how moony gets the stuff in her face lol
I love Moony screaming “Run! RUUUUuuUuuunn!!!” right in the first couple seconds of the video lmao
i really do love how the ENA series has this old web, old computer game style to it that peeks through in the dialogue with how poetic and flowery and obtuse the language is a lot of the times as well as the insinuation that everything we see is probably going on in some sort of digital cyberspace. also with moony yelling, "RUN, ENA!" im choosing to believe thats a joke about how ENA might be some sort of computer program, and if you've ever tried to install a computer program on an older system, a lot of that process is just begging out loud for it to run   anyways i love this series and im so hyped for dream bbq
Words cannot express how excited I am to play Dream BBQ
Split Hare
NEW EPISODE? (kind of) Also what happened to ena?
Lmao the source physics ragdoll noises at the end got me.
I LIVE LAUGH LOVE ENA I DIDNT EVEN REALIZE THIS CAME OUT UNTIL NOW
OMG!I REALLY WAITED FOR IT! I LOVE ENA SO MUCH ❤❤❤
I love how confusing and alarming the beginning is with ENA examining an unknown object and Moony yelling at her to run, then you rewatch it and learn our girl is just really bad at doorbell ditching lmao
Just now realizing that all the characters inside the house have masks of their own in some way  -Ivy is bisected into a front and back half (her little guys have party masks too) -Flood has two heads, one hidden behind the other -and the children have silhouettes in front of their skeletons  also the therapist is literally made of skull masks
WAKE UP A NEW ENA EP JUST DROPPED
Kinda weakest ena episode
НЕНАДО БЫЛО ЕСТЬ ТЕ АСКОРБИНКИ...
今年もよろしくENA!!
Yesss I have been waiting for this I’m so happy!!
Finally a new episode!
That reminds me of any classic RPG video games. Happy New Year from Ireland 🇮🇪 and I hope 2024 will be a good one. Also I hope you had a nice Christmas.
i feel like ena is definitely a real person. her "world" might be a representation of her thoughts and emotions.
The end was the best damn thing I’ve seen in weeks of this community 😂
MUAH
I like it, seriously. I saw other episodes. And I can even tell about the no regrets experience that I've got while i was watching those works of art. But I always have one question. What was just that?
5:49 it reminded me of Igor's voice acting from Persona 5
Thank you for adding Japanese sub❤
when ENA puts her hand towards the door, it kinda looks like ultrakill
Crítica social foda em forma de coisa sem sentido adorei 🤠👍
I get it, but also I don't
Im happy to see yellow and blue ena still alive
Seriously, I can't wait any longer for ENA The Game.
Is that mask that ENA was attached was some sort of an evil parasite that wanted to feast on joy?
i may be dumb and overthinking this but to me it felt like a 5 stages of grief kinda thing, not finding any joy while going through or at the end of it but just kinda closure. The mask attached to her being "Masking" and pretending to be happy while going through something.
Okay... I don't get how I both do and do not understand this. It makes so much sense, but it feels so weirdly wrong.
8:41 The classic ragdoll sound XD
I wonder if it's the same ENA as the one in Temptation Stairway Because if so, them that means that, despite ENA making a wish and seemingly getting rid of her blue side and sadness, it didn't work The trip to happiness might be complicated, you can't just wish for it, and things that get others happy don't make you feel the same.  It's so heartbreaking, actually
Crazy, awesome character design. An art museum called a game.
how many years has it been. since.....
TURRRRRRRONN
I don’t like how moony casually absorbs another…living being (?) into herself and just says “WhAaaAaAtT?”
this is no laughing matter
RISE AND LISTEN ENA FANS
love how the mask is dragging ena around like she's on a leash
Cheese and rice moonie
NEW ENA EPISODE OH MY GOD
Ena theatre kid canon
I didn't initially think I liked this one as much as the others but I keep finding myself coming to back to it now
Ena fans make some noise JOELG BACK
I feel like joel can't make games, but he knows how to animate so he does that instead
She looks different and sounds different
Conclusion: ena has a double personality.
3:19 ここすき
EAT UP GUYS
LOVED the source engine ragdoll sounds at 8:40 Really brings the whole thing together
I saw this as ENA taking a journey through the Internet itself. At the end when Moony told ENA that she was supposed to ring the bell and run, I saw that as we're not really supposed to get addicted to the internet and expect it to be fun, rather we're supposed to take short glimpses and then put the device down (ringing the bell = taking a look, running = setting it down). Here's how I saw each individual act:  Act 1 (Display): This is the top layer, when you're starting out on your dive into the web. It doesn't exactly make sense, but it's still fascinating. Therefore, you're compelled to keep going deeper. Act 2 (The Rising): This is the joy of finding something that you find interesting, but at the same time you're confused by it. So, in an attempt to understand it you delve deeper and deeper until you struggle to get out. Act 3 & 4 (Crescendo of a Descent): Once you get deep enough you'll eventually wind up interacting with the community itself, and you're compelled to join them in the activities they partake in, which may wind up being content creation for the community. You end up accruing your own small gathering, and eventually that gathering grows into your own fan base. Sadly, their constant need for more content means you need to churn out content more and more until it stops being a joy and turns into a chore. You barely even interact with the fan base anymore, aside from the required creator-community interactions. Your life becomes a tale of silent movements that you either like alot or don't like at all, which inevitably leads to... Act 5 (Therapy): I see this as finally coming to terms that what you're doing isn't healthy in the slightest. You accept that it may be in the best interest to take a break, and that's what you do. You take the break, perhaps coming back or perhaps not, and eventually you leave the Internet. You reach a resolution.
Yup, this is still peak
Disappointment...
ENA reminds me on a nostalgic game from the 80s or something
This is the first time i've watched ENA. It's giving me some adventure time vibes, man. I love it
I want ena and the mask in the elevator as a poster. Seriously I think that image is very striking
Yooo thanks skulls face fella you came in clutch <3
I’m so confused 😭
This is what digital circus reminds me of
8:35 Whaaat? **fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfg**
7:38
YIPE WE GOT MOONIEEEE
Babe wake up new ENA just dropped
Is anyone else thinking that ENA is confused by the concept of ShadenFruede, the joy taken from the harm of others? It would make sense since the prank could be seen as a mild form of this, since whoever the house belongs to would be annoyed and upset.
THIS IS A GAME?!
A comment section on an animation that isn't full of dullards trying to be funny or going "woohohoah dude, this is so WEIRD hawhaw"? How fun, for a change.
i love this channel so much
She said the function was mid.
Masterpiece!
3:20 this scene goes hard tho
3naꉂ(ˊᗜˋ*)♡
AHHHHH
Nice, some news from ena always are the best news, the part  where the skull face says "cuz its a joy you still don't understand" and "what's the flavor of today's voyage", was truly inspiring and touching in fact, thanks for upload some more from ena bro
Joel you create the most odd  and disorienting fever dreams and i just cant get enough. thank you. this is fun
ENA, in my eyes, is becoming more and more of  the dichotomy of emotion and logic. in the past, though blue may have always been rather down, she kept the character grounded, while yellow excels at interacting with and understanding the logic of world.  we got to see their inherent flaws from time to time through blues various breakdowns, and yellow not making sense of various actions, but here, they are both so far removed from their respective element that their flaws shine right on through.   blue is quite literally masking the whole episode and pretending to be joyful, while yellow is way too logical to even comprehend what joy is supposed to be. and both of them in the end struggle with the same subject and find a sense of unity in this. like the therapist said, they both have to enjoy the little moments, even if the moments are too small for blue, and even if yellow may not understand these feelings.
I feel that the ENA series is a perfect example of "art should disturb the comforted and comfort the disturbed."
8:35 The amount of genuine concern from ENA is the funniest thing ever
ENA: The most relaxing, cohesive, and enjoyable simulation of a DMT trip you could possibly hope to experience through the medium of ARG/YouTube Series/Video Game
why is the mask
私はENAのエピソードを見ていると、ある感覚に陥る。それは、古いテレビの砂嵐から、模様や絵を見つけ出すのに似た感覚……  果たして、それは日本語字幕を読んでいるせいでしょうか……🤔 けれど、砂嵐よりも物語があるのは確かです。
Is it just me or ena is constantly standing in jojo poses ?
@JoelG PLZ i need a plushy of the time dawg 😢 like real bad... plz
finnaly.
Amazing!
3:20
Wow! :3
Wow this might be my favourite!!!
La verdad no entiendo nada xd. Pero me alegra que el chico que empezó creando parodias de Dora la Exploradora haya llegado tan lejos
I like seeing ENA confused at something for once, it's so rare yet it feels like one of the few familiar things you get to share with the character after so many instances of just getting shaken along in this abstract ride of concepts everyone in this universe seemingly don't even question and take as ordinary
mind=blown
I've noticed that ENA is more expressive in this episode
Bro my childhood is back after 11233 years ago xD
lenda me adota
Deberías continuar tu canal de twitch
I get it and don't get it at then same time. That's the general feeling I have whenever I'm watching "ENA videos" 😁
WOW 🤩
한글번역 누가 하는건지 모르겠지만, 덕분에 잘보고있음
What...did i just watch?
I am 1 minute in and this is already a wild trip while high
i love the memeability of moony
When Ena's mask is against the wall in the elevator it reminds me of how the glyphs look in FFX
This animation is fantastic.
nice job , it looks so cool.
welcome back!
Algo q nunca imaginei era a Ena indo pra terapia. Amei, vou fazer o mesmo
é muito confuso e aleatório mas eu adorei p krl, bom trabalho joel g
YAYYYY
Jesus loves you <3
Amo mucho a ENA
The parasite mask thing reminds me of depression masking. True ENA looks for joy while the mask exaggerates it.
Is this real?
Personally, not a fan of this episode. It just. . .Doesn't feel like ENA to me.
the espanol
ena bueno dias
goel g
The physical collision noises at the end cracked me up
Amazing!
the bunny lady is such a neat design concept and the chirping singing voice equally rad.
The ENA series looks like a video game id want to play
YOOOÒ THRERPY they need it honestly
I love the worlds that joel brings to life, they almost feel familiar
Me da risa como happy no entiende lo que la máscara se afina con la alegría y el es el lado de la alegría,y me gustó mucho que sad parecía como entender a happy y no reconocer la "alegría o diversión que la máscara asumía
I LOVE YOU ENA, I'M GLAD YOU'RE BACK. ❤
WE ARE SO BACKKK
is it just me or does she kinda look like the  emoji
When I first saw ENA from the Glitch productions video so excited for what’s to come I knew ENA was familiar from the smg4 short how to make fren but now I offically know ENA now!!! Great work on making ENA @joelG can’t wait for more ENA!! Favorite characters: ENA and moony
SPECIAL THANKS TO SR PELO??? interesting…
BWUH
Just became a fangirl today
most incredible thing if ever watched ong
Ive been here 60 years (and im still not bored)
Simplemente glorioso
Happy day
ENA IS BACK!!
so glad you got rid of enas old va
I've been thinking about this a lot since it was released. I wonder how much of it is a reflection of Joel's own experience with fame from Extinction Party, Temptation Stairway, and the to-be-released game on Steam. It's not uncommon to achieve ones goals and then not feel the way we expected to feel, or even experience anhedonia--like what ENA seems to be going through here. The line, "It's now your mission" could refer to the pressure to keep performing at a high level after receiving such outstanding praise for previous passion projects. And, "Though I feel the gratification of the audience, I can't sense any change in me" might be almost literal.
ENA NATION IS FED AFTER LAST EPISODE RELEASED IN 1372 😭
日本語訳ありがとう!!!!!!!!!
YAYYYY ENA BACKKK
T U R R Ó N
I'm so glad we live in a time where creative tools are freely available and self-publishing is easy because we get to explore the VAST and UNIQUE worlds that are spun by creative visionaries like Joel. It's art in every sense of the word. I love it.
outro music slaps
ENA FANS, ASSEMBLE.
This is nice, I Can Feel The SEGA CD Esthetic
I missed ENA Finally! ANOTHER EPISODE OF ENA  Lol Ena’s reaction: 8:19 & 8:34  I just realized Ena’s happy side VA Changed again
HOLY MOLY. HOOOLY MOLYYYYYY
Slay ena.💅💅💅💅💅💅❤❤❤❤❤❤
The e cough at 6:31😂
People who saw seek 👇
1:18 "Accept it from your *siblings* " Curious what the rabbit lady means by that one word.
Behold! I have returned!
I like how in the first 15 seconds, you can hear moony and it only makes sense at the very end
Wtf is going on
i have a crack theory  everyone here has a mask in some way not just ena  the singing rabbit woman at the start (if they have names idk them) her form is an illusion, since from the side we see here cut up and seperated, but when looking at her from the front she looks normal, despite being actually torn up.  The second person has a second face come out and speak instead of them  Then the third people are skeletons with shadows acting in their image  then ena but she is a lot mroe direct
looks like ENA was given this mask, or maybe she created it, to cover her blue side perhaps because she's ashamed of it. she's trying to stabilize her emotions by faking she's 100% happy. she keeps going to that weird building thinking maybe one day she'll understand what people find so fun about it, but it looks like its not the type of fun she enjoys  some are confused in the comments about the 2nd act, i think it's like a carnival faire ride, as you can see some masks waiting to go on it maybe?   also, many comments talked about depression allegories and i'd like to add my opinion: the last scenes with moony and the other weird fellow with the ring-rong-run and ena being scolded for not running, it kinda reminds me of when your friends scold you for not being able to do something, so you start feeling disconnected from them. poor ena..  thanks for reading through. 💗
This is just Gorbinos quest, this is the Gorbino’s quest of indie animation
ENA WORLD DOMINATION RAGHHHHH
I love the src ragdoll sounds at the end
OMGAJAHWOWH I LOVE ENAAA!!
YES SHES BACK IM SCREAMING
Well we have waite 4 episode and we are thinking the 4 episeode is ena dream BBQ, but Теперь я ни чего не понимаю😅
oh no, sad ENA!
Still waiting for dream bbq
Can I just throw all my love and appreciation for this episode? It's LONG, so just sayin.  Personally it's been my favourite so far. From the soundtrack, npc's, desings, to the message. The music was absolutely beautiful and fitting for this webcore series.  The new characters here are so cool, literally my favourites out of the bunch. The fact that their dialogue sounds are "part" of the music makes it so much better, and don't even get me started on the desings. The bunny woman, the fact she is like split in several places makes it so cool to me. The water creatures that speak through a head coming out of their mouth and projecting the mouth like a film??? This is so original and awesome. I love the fact that the film is literally a moving mouth. The shadow-skeletons are kind of drowning in all of this but I absolutely love therapist's voice. His conversation with Ena is a  really good finale to Ena's journey in that place. The whole shtick with them ripping a part of her face is really interesting, even if it doesn't mean anything, I'm adding it to my lore theories. And finally, I was afraid I wouldn't see Moonie but here we are. Overally I love this episode and can't wait for dream bbq
"whattt?"
The fact this looks like a videogame is the best thing
"Every time I acknowledged the enjoyment and pleasure...and all I got were incomprehensible feelings...and this lousy mask!" As a high masking autistic with mental health issues, I relate
Skulls Face Man from Act 5 is my favorite character in this one, his voice is so *crunchy*
WHHAAAA IT'S A EASTER EGG TO SOURCE ENGINE WAAAAAH!!
FINALLY AFTER 300 YEARS OF WAITING🎉🎉🎉🎉
ITS BEEN SO LONG YAYYY
It was verry fun :)
After rewatching, the message hits hard. "Fun is an elusive varmit....but it is never lost forever." As someone who's dealt with stuff regarding emotions, it's REALLY HARD to feel like anything gets better when you get in a rut, but it's so true. Bad things never last forever. Bad feelings don't last forever. It's okay to admit when you feel bad, to not put on a happy mask, but it's also imperative to remember you won't feel bad forever. There's good in the little things.
I don't think anyone can understand how much I would give to watch all of these videos in VR
Oh my gosh, after watching over a second time (‘cause this was sooo good I just had to re-watch), you can hear Moony yelling at Ena to run!
Man, feels like Tong-Nau Eastern Mind.
Why do i think of persona 5 after watching this?
I absolutely LOVED this episode and cannot recommend it enough, it is so symbolic and does indeed accurately capture the modern depressed experience by appearing overly jovial to mask true sorrow. It was so cool to explore this magical world of ENA one more time. I'm so unbelievably excited for Dream BBQ
i watched this while wrestling a stray from the ocean
WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO WOOOOOOWOWEEEEE wouuuuuuuuu Well that was wonderful. WOWOWOWOWOWOOW I can’t wait for for for for…… the bbq! WhEre is the bbq located good Sirrrrrrrrrmadam.
No entendí
8:35 me when I have to look at something far away without my glasses (I have myopia)
I dont get it but i really want to get it
I ponder: do the movement sequences hint at the mechanical interactions we will have with future outings?  To de-ENA-fy: were those character movement scenes in engine game examples of how we’ll move in dream BBQ?
I just realized that in this episode Ena doesn't have the middle strap on her uniform.
Well, that was... Abstract i guess.
Simplesmente perfeito
That feeling when i take the Wario perc
I still didn't get what is that kind of floating face of ENA, I understand that she wants to find joy, is that right? Still can't get it.
WOOOOO!
Интересно, персонажа рисовали с "непослушного Джованни"))
ALL ENA FANS STAND UP.
Is that gmod ragdoll sound in the end loool
I adore Moony lmfao!
I'm so late forgive me but gahdam were back  It’s nearly the end of a year later writing this edit but revisiting this series is fueling my will to answer a lot of self questions and I’m so stoked to see more
PORRA eu te amo porra PORRA
ENAENAENANENA
HAHAHAHAHAH MARCANDO PRESENÇA
WE ASCEND
ive been watching this everyday because I haven't gotten this kind of motivation for art since I was a teen, and its truly inspiring
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
Where the hell did the mask come from
Very W
i have such a big crush on this video
LEVANTENSEEEE
*Pink Floyd references..?*
hey vos sos peruano
I just realized, ENA’s hair is short on one side (the happy side) and long on the other (the sad side). This could symbolize the saying of ‘hair holding memories’. Cutting her hair short on the happy side could mean she is trying out a new start in life and forgetting anything bad that happened in the past, making that side happy. However, leaving her hair long on the sad side could mean that she can’t get rid of any memories of traumatic events or sad events in her life, making that side sad and kinda su!cid@l. It’s just a theory though. A film theory.
LIVE LAUGH LOVE ENA😍
Something I just noticed is that Ena repeats one pose thrice in this short.  The first time is when greeting the bunny, the second when asking the shadow kids for directions to the next Act, and the last is the first time Happy Ena speaks after the Mask is destroyed.  In these scenes, Mask and Happy Ena are looking in opposite directions, helping sell that Mask isn’t representative of Ena's true self. But in the third one, Sad and Happy are both looking in the same direction, indicating that Ena's being more true to herself.  Also, since the first two times the pose comes up are with meeting people for the first time, it could be interpretted that the third time is her more properly greeting the therapist since the therapist appeared literally out of nowhere and Ena's now greeting him with her genuine self.
I MISSED ENA SMMMM
Porque todo o que é nascido de Deus vence o mundo; e esta é a vitória que vence o mundo: a nossa fé. 1 JOÃO 5:4 🍃🍂
WAKE UP!!!
i love how the script sounds like a fever dream
진짜 너무좋아
What happened to enas face
I didn’t even know that I said ena wrong
Que  video bonito
woa
Just saw a comment about how this episode could be after Temptation Stairway, and I believe what also correlates to the wishes never really becoming true is the fact that Moony shifts back to her original form, but has an actual arm, unlike Extinction Party and Auction Day.
these animations keep reminding me of Istation
i like this flavor of joy
OMG
Me watching this on the toilet makes me feel like I’m on drugs
🎵it's been so long since last I've seen ENA after dream BBQ🎵
" *sniff * like, how little they are?", lool Ena is so good
WAKES UP
Missed this.
It’s my third time watching this and this time around it feels so… unnerving? Like sad and kind of dark. Like being trapped in a dark house when you’re 4 years old. It’s just. AUGH i love this series so much
now we wait for 1 year for the next one
YIPPEEEE
Buchao--------------------------
Were is the depressed half of her face :(
Great work, Joel! I really love this series, your hard work should totally be applauded! ❤
i know im a tad bit late to watching BUT I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!
Мы ждали этого 1997 лет.
It's so dreamcore ✨j'adore✨
Can we just appreciate THE BUNNY WOMAN!! That’s literally the best design ever.
Theory: Since Ena is very reconizable of the house they had entered, that was the place they went for therapy or "fun" if you will. When Ena was still wearing that mask, all they wanted was to be happy, and that's the main feeling they want. But when Ena entered their therapy session, they broke down, and broke their mask. This is how Ena has their sad side.
THANKS FOR ANOTHER AMAZING VIDEO JOEL G!!
oh how i’ve missed you ena
And yet again I don’t know what’s happening
ITS THE RETURN
O "foi meio paia" me quebrou ksksksksksksk
The Yellow Sign?
wat
I'm new to this and I'm confused as hell
so is ena a game or something
Thanks for making what you make. It's positively engrossing.
This has to be my favorite episode. I love how Ena’s sides seemed to find peace with each other for once.
IM WAKE UP FOR ENA SHES MY FAVORITE FOREVER
Can someone pls explain what happened to my girls face bc I can’t find 😭
It's hard for me to get excited about these projects and animations because I feel like there's absolutely no coherent message to be had. Maybe there is in bits and pieces, but it all feels ever-changing. Your work is amazing and unique, but this is one art form that feels weird for werid's sake. Hylics made more sense to me, then again I spent more time with that game than this video so who am I to judge
I'M WAKE!!!
YEAHHHHHHH
Why is there something strange but funny happening at the endings?
Puedo sentir como mis arterias se llenan de turrones por la emoción. Bellísimo!
IM SO HAPPY OMG OMG A NEW EPISODE, ITS BEEN SO MANY YEARS FROM THE LAST ONE
OMG İ XANT BELİEVE İ MİSSED İT OMGOMGOGM
bro is neuro divergent af
I love to see Moony again
i kinda always knew she could float like that judging from how she moves in temptation stairway's first person camera
It feel like a fever dream watching this
ENA IS BACK, SHES BACK!!!!
shieeeeeeeeeeet ena accidentally went to teraphy
For some odd reason I cannot relate to her quest of finding true joy but i am interested in watching this anyway. 😊
Finally after 102863920 years
please help im having flashbacks to my emo tiktok phase
I think the mask is especially cumbersome (esp. the back-stepping in the elevator) to represent how much effort it takes to be anyone but yourself to fit in.
In the beginning, Moony is saying "Run!" and ENA hears it as "Fun" and then all of this happens because she doesn't fit in with her friends xD
Wasn't expecting anything else with this version of ENA. Pleasant surprise.
this entire series feels like a fever dream
The therapist sounded like multiplier lol
what happened to the OSRS sounds?
the name of the character who vomited the guy his name nacho
日本語訳を更新してくださってありがとうございます！とても嬉しいです。 Thank you for making the japanese translation. I`m happy!!!
what
Moony committed murder
Awesome episode, was really well done, nice work!
YESSS, YESSSSS 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💥💥💥💥💥
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH AGH
Quem foi o carinha que Moony passou pra dentro?,vi umas teoria de que ela tenta se preencher com qualquer coisa por causa que literalmente falta uma parte dela,isso significa que ela arranjou um namorado só pra tentar se completar?(esse episódio me deu um gosto bis,mal posso esperar pra mais um show de sentimentos,pensamentos e artes vistas somente em sonhos💙💛🤍)
NO I FORGOT ABOUT ENA
0:55
Me gustan mucho los temas existencialistas que sueles tocar en tus videos.   Gracias por otro grandioso video.
meu ep favorito
The Ena series kind of makes me think of a Yume Nikki game with actual plot yet also 10x more crack. :p
5:45 Its about god damn time
Here's to hoping the rabid indie mob doesn't tear down this wonderful series too
WHAT
ENA! IT'S BEEN SO LONG
Finallyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Ok i miss ena again and again, give me more!
Babe, wake up, new Ena lore has dropped
Moony tried to hide her sadness at the end and Ena wanted to find her happiness
(OO)
SHE'S BAAACK
LESGOOOO 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Wow
I'm not really sure how many times I've seen this episode
Volta da ena??
FINALLY ENA ML
W0W
OMG YAYYYYY
I also never felt any fun excitement or joy but maybe I should rewatch the video...🙃
I don’t recognize this strain of nightmare fuel
ITS BEEN A MILLION YEARS-
fr?
extremely good
I don't get it
Wait..  this was released 9 days ago??? I feel like I watched this like.. a month ago or something
*I honestly think this takes place before Temptation Stairway. Mainly because ENE isn’t entirely Yellow and Moony doesn’t look any thinner.*
1:12 Love the part when her jingles match with the background music.
3:19 Why a dont see people talking about this scene, IT WAS SO SMOOTH
EVERY ENA FAN STILL STANDING  👇
Is it just me or is this clearly a representation of masking when you're neurodivergent? The way ENA is constantly struggling to keep up with her emotions and has trouble trying to adapt in her constantly changing environment definitely feels relatable as someone on the spectrum. Society tries constantly telling her to perform, yet when she has the chance to talk about her feelings, the mask disintegrates. She also cant begin to comprehend unpleasant sensations / feelings. Thoughts?
ena is my favorite silly
Something about the look on Ena's face when she's backing up through the curtains....  I don't even know what I want to say about it, I just want to call attention to it for some reason.
I realized we can hear Moony saying run at the start
SO GLAD to get to finally see another ena episode ive missed this- 😭‼️
So.... Is no one going to like.. yk.. Talk about the fact of how moony shot out something in their right "eye" then had an arm shuffle around to find something quick to put it back in once she was calm from being mad??
THE HILL IS A TURTLE
I came for the legend herself XDDCC aka LIZZIE FREEMAN🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀
Yay ena is back and well! Hopefully she stoped drinking…
meow
is this a real videogame cuz it looks like one and feels like one
OMMGGG ENAAA
WOOOLOOOOOOO
AAAJFJDJHS NEW ENA EPISODE NEW ENA!!! YAYAYAYYYY
Brain hurty.
IT'S BACK! YES!
0:17 -May i see it? -Nope. *end*
OMG ENA I MISSED YOU
babe reactivate, ena just reawoke.
A new ena
"Huh?"
what did you inhale joel g i need some of it
THE RETURN??!???
Aprendi muita coisa nessa episódio
IT'S BACK
At 6:29, does anyone else hear an "UwU" here?
WOOOAAHHH THIS IS SO COOL!!! ITS BEEN SO LONG SINCE IVE SEEN MY GIRL I MISSED HER
IM SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPYYYYY
FINALLY A NEW EPISODEEE
0:09 if you listen closely, you can here moony screaming, " Run! Run! ENA! Run."
maybe, just maybe she needs help
bro is this a game or an animation if it has an game I would definitely play it
I genuinely don't understand this one at all
FINNALYYY, I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR 30000 YEARS
Nice!
…is anyone gonna bring up that moony killed a man
I LOVE IT OMGAHHD
WOOOOOOOOO
FINALLY OMGGG
I like how Moony just grabs random crap and shoves it in the hole in her face for no apparent reason
i think i need therapy too
i was gonna ask ^didnt ena lose her alter ego on the last episode?"  then i came to the conclusion it was a prequel all along
I love how in the beginning you can hear Moony telling Ena to run
this got me into ENA finally :3
1:38 EVANGLEION REFERENCE REAL ????!???!!?
I love the habbit
Omg 8days ago!? The childhood memories are returning
One thing I love about Ena as a whole, is that it's never on the nose; there are so many twists and turns, and yet there's a solid story, and perhaps even message to be found. But, I suppose part of the fun is not knowing if those things are there at all. I could just be making it up. No matter what one chooses to believe they watched, I had fun!  Amazing work as always! Ena never seems to disappoint as a series.
Okay I’m like 50% sure Andy land worked on this
As per usual, experiencing the absurd from ENA truly is a treat 🤣🫶🏽 But I can never really get my head around how beautifully abstract the world and each episode is. The artistry is always baffling. I’m gonna have to take a minute to let it all sink in. Also CLAPS FOR THE GOAT SR PELO SHOWING UP IN HERE 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽!!! But let’s also address the elephant in the room and present a 💐. Many kudos to our new Happy ENA VA. He really filled those shoes and they look fabulous on em 😌👌🏽.   As always, 11/10 to our masterful ENA team.👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 Glad to see your work again guys ( ´ ▽ ` )✨💙💛🤎💚
This was absolutely amazing keep it up 👍👍👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Zipperface be sus
Alt title: ENA finally haves an identity crisis.
Im gonna go ahead and say this is the most creative presentation Ive seen. This story (assuming there is one) always seems to be reaching towards the unknown, suggesting there is more out there. At the same time familiar objects serve to slightly anchor it but there's this
YIPPEEEEEEEE!! New video! :D
ENA YOUR BACK YESS
finally. some good food.
:3
I think i know what is this is trying to say.....    Addiction?
I'm so motivated to create.
wtf is this
Incomprehensible, thank you
УРА ХОТЬ ЧТО-ТО ВЫПУСТИЛИ!!!! ЖДУ ИГРУУУУУ
The more I learn about this story, the less I understand.
А Я ЗНАЛ
YIPPEEEE NEW ENA CONTENT IM ROTATING IN OUTERSPACE
Как всегда ничего не понял
ЭНАААА УРАААА ЕЕЕЕ
RRREEJEOOICEEEEE
These blue mask is so silly lolz (Ena fans still standing)
I didn't even noticed that the VA changed lol
OH WORDDDDDD!!!!
오마이갓 세상에 한국어 자막 감사합니다!!!!!!!!!! 생각보다 자막이 더 빨리 나왔네요
Watafakee
Hi Joel G how do feel about Russians? :)
LETS GOOOOOO WEIRD DINOSAURE THING
I think ENA-Power of Potluck has been shadowbanned with how it doesn’t pop up when I search for it.   Being able to find it only when checking out the channel page. Rather concerning.
THEY'RE BACK!!!
УРАААА ЭНА
I love how you can hear Moony telling Ena to run from the door at the beginning. Homegirl went inside and got therapy instead.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ENA
ENA MY LOVE <3
Ахах,  ещё один Энаболомут
Lore aside, it's worth absorbing the honesty in ENA's fifth act resolution: chasing the elusive feeling of joy by doing the same thing over and over again will only lead you to feel like you're trapped in a cosmic stew. Try not to get stuck running in circles. If you're trapped, find a little joy in simply moving forward, in going through the motions, and eventually you'll reach something novel. You'll discover a kind of joy you could not have imagined from where you were before.   This is just my read of it, maybe you get something else, and maybe something else was intended. Either way, ENA is truly art! I'm always touched by these videos and love the artistry in the sound, animation, direction, etc... 🎉
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
me when the function has grilled cheese sandwiches:
This is so weird and cool
PURE ART! 👏👏👏👏👏
HOW COME NOBODY TOLD ME A NEW ENA VIDEO WAS POSTED????
00:16
In 7:32 I heard *BRUHHHHHHHHH* actually
strange
Rise up ena fans!
Wow, New Animation By Joel G! I like it!
WOOOOO R LOCAL ENA IS BACK WITH AN EPIC LOOK
Ena's graphics are getting better with each video,  maybe technological advances are happening?
incomprehensible, have a nice day
This is amazing! I love it so much <3   It is the second time I watched it (^~^)
YIPPIE!!! ENA!!!
Wtf why is youtube shadowbanning this??
Wat. (I should've expected that ending 😅)
BBQ Quest is gonna be SO good!
We still have been resurrected by Joel, itsnt thats great?
8:21 literally everyone's reaction to this video
Idk if anyone noticed but just now i did   Spoiler alert!!        In 0:09 there's a really _distant_ sound of whom i assume is Moony yelling "Run, ENA, run!!"  Yeah ENA forgot she's supposed to run after ringing the doorbell, not go in it
i read the title as the power of patrick
good new episode 👍
i swear to god. act ii face is benito mussolini and you cannot change my mind
a truely rare anamoly
After years and years we get another ena episode
watching this at night gives me fever dreams without fevers
JOEL G AINT PREGNANT BUT HE ALWAYS DELIVERS 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Did Moony get fat again?
I dunno why i watch this show for the first time from this episode. But im in love with its art style!!!
Boring...
Babe, wake up, another ENA just dropped!
I have no idea what this is, but i love it
2 ants 1 pres don't forget 💀
NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED YALL
Are there Japanese subtitles for this video?
spoiler alert.        OH MY GOD, SHE GOES TO THERAPY. i'm so proud.
バナナは？
This series gives me an emotion i dont yet have the word for. For the time being i will go with "Huergh".
oh the brazilian portuguese subtitles suck so much i could make better ones in my sleep
5:32 8:12
ENA FANS ARISE
I have watched any multiple times in this episode I've never understand
WOOOOOOOOO HES BACK
What the FLUFF HAPPENED TO THE SAD FACE OF ENA??? It’s the same but who knew it happened?
This really looks like a video game.
İTS Real?
All ur characters r so creative or inspiring how do u do it
ENA FANS FEAST
ITS BEEN SO LONNGGGG
most normal adventure time episode:
but why is this so addictive...
*just watching the video* 4:11 existing: "IS THAT SOMETHING FROM OMORI1??1?1?1?1" (yes i omor)
I only just noticed that right at the beginning you can hear Moony yell “ENA, RUN” after she rings the doorbell and doesn’t move. It’s the perfect foreshadowing to the later gag!
OMGGG THIS AMAZING
Hi i Just wake up
Joel, eu entendi... eu entendi a mensagem...
ITS BEEN 2 YEARS OMGOGMGMG
ENA IS BACK, I missed it so much, I drew her a while ago
It's like a videogame
Vlif and Joel are like peanut butter and jelly. This is animation history in the making i feel ngl, like what peter chung or mike judge were for 90s tv is what Sr Pelo and Joel or VLIF are now. Ilysm for giving your talents your much deserved love and care<33
I think this was my favorite ENA episode so far. I have a lot of difficulty understanding things, between messages and meanings, and I thought this ep would be the same, especially because ENA is a different type of media (I don't know what they call it). Lately I feel empty, I don't feel happy , and I desperately try to look for something that can entertain me and make me happy for a long period of time. I'm kind of desperate not to feel so sad, thinking about forcing joy and wearing some mask. But the skull man's message about happiness being in the little, little ones things brought me comfort, because really, when I'm least expecting it, the little things bring me comfort, I don't need to wait for the results to be huge and for me to feel complete, I can enjoy one little thing at a time, even if I'm suffering to not feel like this, like something is missing or that I should wear a mask all the time. I really needed that message, to know that just... It's okay.
DEPOIS DE ANOS FINALMENTE UM NOVO EP
8:31 WAS THAT THE BITE OF 87?
Art
ACT 0 BEGINNING  ACT 1 DISPLAY  ACT 2 THE RISING  ACT 3 & 4 CRESCENDO OF A DECENT  ACT 5 THERAPY END  CREDITS
ENA? 내가 못본사이에 무슨일이 일어난거야?Σ(・∀・)
am i the only one who likes her punching her chest like she wants to get her feelings out
I don't get it, but i still love it
I LOVE YOU ENA I LOVE YOU!!!
COME BACK AGAIN AYOOOOO
This feels like cut content from dream BBQ, maybe a proof of concept that came before, bizarrely disjointed and even more nonsensical than what we are used to with ENA. Odd
Wtf is this
0:18 cute
FINALLY
NEW ENA NEW ENAAA
AUGH HOW COULD THESE 8 MINUTES FEEL LIKE 2 AUGHH I MISS MY ENAA
Cool!
i like to image moony grabs the dude at the end and slaps him
Well, the wait was worth it. The combination of 3-D and 2-D pixel animation truly exemplifies the digital polygonal dreamscapes of ENA's world. I also love that we get a little more insight into ENA. Her happy and sad sides are slowly fusing together which intrigues me. Also, I love the message of finding happiness in the smallest of moments. Overall, this is a masterpiece. Great work, Joel!
I thought It was the game
8:41 lol gmod ragdoll sounds
Не вистачить навіть слів аби описати це приголомшення( ꈍᴗꈍ)
OMG  🎶FOR THE FIRST TIME IN FOREVER🎶
Any one gonna mention how seamlessly Joel G can add in and work with so many different kind of animation styles in such a mismatch late 90's early 2000's internet style of a game akin to Alice in wonderland
After watching the video and then re-watching the first 20 seconds, now I understand  why moony was shouting "Run!!" what a funny and awesome detail
After finishing the video  Grabs a notebook and pen  Me: Alright, it’s theory time
Not the source game engine sounds! (8:40 btw)
IS THIS A GAME!?????
why does this remind me of popee the performer
Ohh, you said "RUN," not "FUN"
NEW ENA CONTENT CRUMBS?!?!?! *ascends*
Ok
this is a bit confusing to me, can someone explain please?
From the first ENA episode to this one just feels like a journey of someone slowly realizing their mentally ill and that jist male me feel seen beyond belief, thank you Joel G you truly made a masterpiece ❤❤
Upon seeing this a second time (both times without the subtitles, which outright show what I'm about to mention), I can *hear* Moony screaming at ENA to run after she ring-rongs the bell.  And I found it *hysterical*.
ох как я рада!!
Is this a game?
loved the ragdoll noise 10/10
Ameiii
3:19 idk why but Ena looks so cute here
It's weird how self aware ena was especeally near the end with how visibly confused she was with that dude tweaking out next to moony.
NEW JOEL G UPLOAD 🗣️🗣️🗣️
8:40: LMAO THEY CAPTIONED THAT
The fact i just started watching this.. And im.. OBSESSED ✨✨✨
OH MY GOD I
Is ot me or does the skull face sound a bit like markiplier
the way I interpret it, this is about living with depression and each act is meant to represent common beliefs on how to derive happiness or purpose in life.   Act 1: Joy through social connections, love of friends and family   Act 2: Joy through exploring the world and learning new things   Act 3 and 4: Joy through serving others   Act 5, Therapy: Though these things may work for others, continually forcing yourself into them with the expectation that they Should make you happy too will only make you more miserable.  Forget about trying to find deeper meaning in nonsense. Instead, find happiness in life’s little moments- hearing your favorite song, eating something delicious, witnessing a sunrise. These are small moments of joy, but they are joy still.
buy some DMT crystals and you too can enjoy travelling to ena world
Esse episódio é o meu favorito, além da Ena não entender o conceito de felicidade, o lado Feliz dela começa a entender o lado Triste dela algo que nunca aconteceu na serie, os lados começam falar uma frase e terminam ela em perfeita harmonia finalmente se entendendo, o teatro representa como cada um consegue sentir felicidades de maneiras diferentes, e a máscara pode representar Ena se negando que realmente não sabe o significado de ser feliz e não se encaixar mais assim, se negando que esta triste, então ela vai para terapia e tanto o lado Feliz e o lado Triste dela decidem jogar fora a máscara e como a Ena pode estar lidando com depressão  Sempre acompanhei Ena e me apaixonei pela serie e pelos detalhes caprichosos e bem trabalhados, eu amo o jeito a arte, eu amo Ena
I am screaming.
YAYYYYY
Eu vivi para ver a ena falar paia
A friend of mine, upon being asked if they knew this series, said that they had seen the character of ENA around but could not tell you what it was about.  Having watched the series, I could not tell you either.
I MISSED ENAAAAA
I honestly have zeron clue what ive stumbled upon or why i watched it all yhe eay through
YESSSSSSS S AAAAAAAA THIS IS AMAZING ASTONISHING AWESOME SAUCE
my dumb ass is aesthetically confused
i love thiss
Babe wake up, new episode of ENA just came out
2 years since anything from ena was last made
I love ENA
IVE BEEN SUMMONED
WOO
8:41 i just noticed youtube captions
orgullo latino
2:55 the corners pulse when ƎNA says "Wowie!" update: i just realized that's for EVERY text box
ITS BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
It is so confusing... I LOVE IT!!!!!!!
That ending made me cackle
huh
FUN!!!!!
Что же меня разбудило, после непробудного сна автора...
When I first discovered ENA I thought it was a game playthrough without it saying that. Instead it's beautiful animation that was part of the person I am today
YEAH!!!
ITS BEEN 84 YEARS  edit: oml she was LITERALLY masking
just took a few YEARS but it's here
*Me crawling out my grave*  ENA’S BACK ALL ENA FAN RISE FROM YOU GRAVES!!!
I love your videos, you are my inspiration to make animations, I'm still practicing ❤
I was like where is MOONY?? BUT SHE HAS APPEARED
yay new ena lore dropped lets go
4:11 SOMETHING
Source Engine be like: 8:40
YAY NEW ENA VA <3 LOVE the way you handled this! Beautiful voices! Amazing work as always!!!
4:19 here is he, The man behind the slaughter
did yall see the "RUN ENA RUN RUN!!" in the captions?
after 96 years, I am thankful to see another new ENA thing, this is so epic cool..
The name *ENA*  My Brain: *EDNA* *MODE*
YAYYY I HAVE NOT SEEN IT YET BUT I LOVE IT ALREADY ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
1.2 millions in 4 DAYS   WE DEMAND MORE ABOUT ENA WE PAY , BUT WE NEED MORE.
BRO, AT MINUTE 4:11 APPEARED SEEK   XDDDD
I like how the skull creature is just drunk Orson Welles. I need to see it saying "mwaaaa the French."
It’s been years ever sense a new episode but now here it is
как всегда прекрасно. the way to Tanya's heart is through Ena he he he
Finnaly shes back!
TuŘŘoħ moment
// MR Grey Oh my God, this is a game about Ena? Well, I'm just waiting for her to come out.
I rly wanna know the rabbit lady's name 😭😭
Ура Русский перевод, спасибо JoelG
YEAHHHHHHH ENAAAAAAAAA
I was so excited to see a new ENA episode. Great as always
NAMED MYSELF AFTER HER ILYYYY
❤❤❤♥♥♥
I missed it the first time, but you can hear Moony yelling "run" in the background the first 24 seconds. So this whole thing really is just ENA messing up a prank
YESS ITS BACK!!!
MOONY ATE OMG
I’m honestly so glad they changed the voice actor for ena’s masculine voice I think his name is Griffen Puatu which I am very happy about! 😊
got dayum, this series just keeps getting weirder and weirder
Я помню
WOAHHHH I WAS WAITING FOR NEW SERIES ALMOST 2 YEARS ,,!!!,
I thought this was only on NG
Yay
That ending there 😭  “What 😒” **physics sounds**
I have never seen anything ENA related other than seeing what the character looks like, but this is one of the most impressive animations I have ever seen.
Tf is this💀  Edit: IM NOW AN ENA FAN IM SORRY FOR DISRESPECTING YOU
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
Thanks Joel G Ena has helped me alot especially to let go the art its truly amazing and I love the ascetic of early 2000 where everything was kinda uncanny Valley but not scary and I love the duality and personality switch and da mask it has alot of symbology and I think you and if you have a team yall do an amazing job keep up this amazing project I can't wait for the BBQ🎉🎉❤❤😊😊
6:12 i’ve watched this like 10 times and only just now realized that the mask is bouncing around like a screensaver
Didn’t expect life advice here
3:19 I f*cking love how she walks into there backwards
Finally our lord and savior is back
STOP, THAT IS, AFTER THE “STAIRWAY TO TEMPTATION” THEY DID SO THAT THE SADNESS DID NOT DISAPPEAR, BUT BECAME A SEPARATE “PERSONALITY” WITH WHICH YOU CAN’T BREAK THE CONNECTION?? Am I on the right track?😦😦😦
DId anyone see that the yellow square on the doorbell has the pattern of the portal in extinction party ?
Por suerte como la conoci hace no mucho tiempo espere poco xd. Es realmente genial.
So good it got me thinking there was a post credit scene
мне так нравятся приключения Эны! как только я погружаюсь в видео, я полностью прочувствываю все состояние и понятие этого мира. крайне поучительная серия, я очень довольна, жду с нетерпением новое видео❤
OMG DE NEDERLANDSE
I like the Gmod prop sound
I don't really understand the plot of ENA videos. But I sure do enjoy how fun they are!!! Why can't i see it though
Im soo happy to see ENA series again after do long! Such a cool experiense!
IT'S TIIIIIIIIIIIIMEEEEEEEE *ice breaks and all ena fans wake up from a 69 year nap*
This Ena's design is ever so slightly different from before. Her suspenders used to be connected at her torso, but that extra strap is gone from her design this time.  Nevertheless, I keep coming back to this newest episode of Ena's escapades. The final scene, where Ena, Moony and her funny friend are all outside of the fortress, has such an overwhelmingly calm aesthetic.
A new episode came out :0 This has made my day
I have the first ENA plush, and just bought the new one that came out. Now I will have two ENAs! Don’t worry, they will get lots of love and support so ENA can feel happy.
8:06 until 8:44 was the best and funniest moment, i also laughing to death.
Was I the only one who laughed at the end? Because the way ENA's friend just grabbed that person XD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH WHAATTT
CHILDREN TIME TO WAKE ITS ANOTHER EPISODE
Bro how is it that i have been dreaming of ENA for the past 4 days help😭
I just came back it already feels like I'm watching a fever dream after eating magic mushrooms
W0W
Is that it
OMG YESSSSSS
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
The way I gasped....
Looks like I’m in a fever dream rn
So, ENA keep coming back to this place to get help. She kept the floating mask to hide her somber side but, only bring more miserable then happies. Remind of the positive toxicity, you can hide your sadness however, it will hurt you at the long run.
I loove this episode mainly because Ena starts to look into her surrounding and how weird they are. She also seems confused about what is happening and her feelings i guess.
После такого приключения, мне бы тоже понадобилась терапия
This is the most cursed game ever 💀
Thæts dddddddelightfuuull.!.!,!!!
can’t wait to watch this again when i’m not high and have it confuse me just as much sober
Bro the animation is so good i thought for a minute that this was a trailer for a game their making
Moon:what? *casually drags a body in the square hole*
YIPPIEEEE I LOVED THISSS!! IT WAS FUN WATCHING A NEW EPISODE IVE BEEN WAITING 4 SO LONG AND I CANT WAIT FOR DREAM BBQ <3!
Wake up babe! A new ENA video just dropped!!
4:19 purple guy
Love it
Yippee!
this feels like a fever dream
After several months of waiting finally another episode was released
A veces digo que lo he visto todo y luego veo esto 👽
ENA IS BACKK!!!
The ENA Fandom has become one of the most toxic I have seen lately. It started out nicely; but has attracted so many abusive people over the years.
OH MY GOD
I must say i love this! My eyes cannot understand nor my brain can comprehend but it is awesome nonetheless. Senseless things that ryme itch a good spot in my brain.  And the visuals! Oh! The visuals!
I HAVE WAKEN UP.
This is beyond a fever dream
ENA FANS UPRISE ITS BEEN CENTURIES FROM THE LAST EPISDODE
so is their name eye-na, ee-na, or eh-na
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO JOEL  G POSTED AGAINNNNNNNNNN WHAT A MIRACLE 🎉🎉🎉
I LOVE YOU JOEL G I WILL DIE FOR YOU
YES
Where's moony :[
The way moony says "whaaaat" at the end is my favorite delivery in this entire series I think
YOUTUBE UNSUBSCRIBED ME FOR SOME REASON AND I DIDNT SEE THIS
3 years later and i still dont know whats going on
What is ENA about?
1 million views only??? What?? Hey guys, share this awesome work to your friends, now!!
Its been 84 years
ITS BEEN 100 YEARS DUDE WE MISSED ENA
i really loved the first part when she had her mask but then i really like when her mask is destroyed symbolizing that she masks her emotion but then she finally got rid of the mask symbolizing her coming to therapy with the skull man and showing her true emotions i really like this episode about ena discussing her own feelings this is probably my favourite episode.
4:11 IS THIS A OMORI REFERENCE??
WOO
A
ENA IS BACK!!!
SICK!!
YAYAYAYYAA
87 years
my brain hurt
bout damn time
Finalmente 😢🎉
Hell, it's about time.
QUE UN NUEVO CAPÍTULO DE ENA!?
AYYY JOEL G IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!
8:20 - 8:22 slightly confused 8:35 completely dumbfounded
Wait WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT IS ENA LIKE A REPRESENTATION/EMBODIMENT OF DID/BEING BIPOLAR AND/OR BEING AUTISTIC? CAUSE OF THE 2 SIDES THING? 😮
>:000
MG
AYO WHAT ARE THE GIRLS IN THE WALLS DOIN???
ITS TIMEEEEEEEEEEEEE (AHHH)
IT HAS BEEN TWO YEARS THIS IS INCREDIBLE
SHES BACK!!!! JOELS BACK!!!
WE'RE SO BACK
I’m glad they replaced Gabe with Griffin
IS THIS REAL
Still hyped for bbq
ENA FANS UNITING ONCE AGAIN
omg finally
OMGHI AGAIN ANOTHER ACCOUNT IS WALMART BAG
This had nothing to do with a potluck, actually
Run rong ring attempt 349
1 Million in 3 days, incredible and well deserved
God, I love this project. It looks like Ena is still trying to get to know her emotions and become normal. Damn, the project is great for you!
Only 90s Kids Remember When This Story Last Had Any Content
OMG OMG ITS BEEN SO LONGGG
FINALLY
AFTER 3 WHOLE YEARS ITS FINALLY HERE‼‼‼‼
NEW ENA CONTENT!!????
the way moony dragged the dude into her eye while it made gmod ragdoll noises was so beautiful
FINALLY
…is this what dropping acid feels like?
She seems to be missing something, a part of herself, at the start. She had wished to lose the sadness within her but now she misses it, it’s the balance. But it will never be balanced for she either is fully depressed or too happy. That is what is wrong.
love it
Oh yeah here comes a flood of more ena fans!!!
Man I must be really tired after watching this cause I only seen 10 seconds of this before I was knocked out
MORE ENA CONTENT!
This is a whole new level of "what the hell did I just watch"
OH GOD WHAT WAS IN THAT FAKING TEA, WHY IS HER FACE SLITHERING
So wait Does this take pace before or after Temptation Stairway?
ENA!!!
weed + ENA is not good. recommended.
Мне кажется, что если бы это было сном, то я бы прекрасно все понял и содержимое казалось мне абсолютно логичным
@LINKZINNN bora irmão, faz as teorias brabas aí ✨
Only took 2 years for this video to come out. nice
I fell into this fandom weeks ago and yet I'm so in love with ENA and her strange world. Except now she's questioning it, and now I'm concerned yet intrigued on where this'll go.
YEEEEEESSSSS
ENA is the best thing that ever happened to the internet
@calnecalx AWAKE :D
когда выйдут русские субтитры?
Мрачные тона очень подходят этому сериалу. Музыка, визуал и сюжет все на должном уровне. Спасибо
ENA FANS REJOICE
OMG OMG OMG OMG ENA  FANS WAKE UP WE GOT MORE CONTENT
АААААА ШИКАРНО КАК Я ЖДАЛА ЭТО
YES. YESSS.
Wow what a dilatfull buttedjjdsszzxxxftr
Nice journey through fun xd
Obrigado Deus por mais uma animação de ENA, era tudo o que eu precisava :]
I love how act 1 can be summed up with “I want whatever she’s having”
This episode was great!
Очень ждём игру!
was that a gmod ragdoll sound at the end?
5:34 💀   5:44 💀💀💀💀💀 💀     💀     💀 💀💀💀💀💀      💀💀💀
Как долго я этого ждал
Honeslty relatable
This makes my brain schweenp in a trēnurneep that I can’t explain.
Act 1 - "Connections and tubes" (social and personal connections, maybe specifically social media?) fail to make ENA happy. Act 2 - "The cosmic rhythm" (maybe representing music or art in general?) can't "catch" ENA - it doesn't provide the ecstatic bliss that it offered to the crying women earlier. Acts 3 & 4 - "Acting" or creating content for others to make them happy lets ENA see and acknowledge the joy that others feel, but still doesn't allow her to feel it herself.  Yep, sounds like Depression.
What is HAPPENING
I love how u changed ena’s happy va W joel💪💪💪💪
FINALLLY OMGGGGG
JAJAJJAS COMO Q SR PELO?
You did a good job choosing a new va for the happy ena side, shame that the old one was a bad person
ENA talking about masking in therapy had no right hitting me as hard as it did, goddamn
Oh how I have missed this fever dream
очень круто, и ещё более запутанно чем прошлые серии
no new ena episode: i sleep.  New ena episode REAL SH•T!?:
WTF THE FINAL XDXDXD
I want a game of ENA, who's want it? 👇
The mask seems to represent a false joy, a facade. Like forcing yourself to join an event/or do something that others are excited for but you're not. You're trying to fit in an environment you're not supposed to be in
Alguien me dise que acabo de ver? Esta bueno porsierto
ENA IS BACK BABY
ENA FANS ASSEMBLE 🗣️🗣️🗣️
Finally they got the sad ena voice‼️
JoelG: * releases new ENA video * Ena fandom: **ARISE FROM THE DEAD**
eu adorei esse novo episódio, e eu gostei do "plot twist" por eu achar que seria algo sombrio
The point n click mannerisms and transitions are apparent now more than ever.
RISE UP ENA FANS I HAVE A Question FOR YALL do u remember MOONY?^^
The most PUNK webseries since Homestuck.
ENAAAAAAAAA
omg, I love Ena, such a weird and cool character
1:36 why is she posing like she’s waiting for the enemy stand user to approach her?
very cool
WOHOoooo a new episode!!!!
not me losing sight where I was while watching this
“Without your permission, may I check it out?” Followed by her not waiting for a response and just leaving was so funny to me
Все больше и больше удивляюсь этому прекрасному проекту
make a wish !!1!!!1!1 joel g posted a vid
1996
I LOVE YOU JOEL G!! Ena is such an amazing project/series. This is just amazing! Quite marvelous!!
I see a hidden message within this video.
I guess the meaning behind the episode is that ena is depressed. Also ena doesn't know what higher pleasures are. Anyway, really good video Joel g! Keep up the good work
Великолепно! Невероятно! Изумительно!
RAWR
I LOVE IT
ok
DDDANGG IT IM LATE IM SO GLAD ENA IS BACK
Se merece un turrón por la animación
AMAZING!!!
JOEL G DROPPED A NEW VIDEO??
에나 진짜진짜 너무 귀엽다 너무 사랑스러워
Wtf is this
Wow! I gotta say, I only heard about her on an fnf mod, not knowing what she really was
Great trip
Вау… Тут є субтитри українською, але нема московитською… Вау, це круто, пх
Favorite quote in this episode: "with out your permission may i check it out?"
The music in this slaps I’ve been listening to it on repeat
Why does it say only 1 like☠️
sure
There was  so much lore that I can't even unpack. Poor Ena never changed after Temptation Stairway. Except for the fact that part of her is now trapped in a digital circus, of course.
NEW ENA CONTENT LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO-
The power of two reference!?!?
i don't think the shepherd attacked moony i think she just did that
Tastes like opposing poles, with a member of anti-society stuffed with DID sprinkled on.
did a popee the performer animator animate this
YO IF THE GAME IS GOING TO BE LIKE THIS IT WILL BE THE BEST GAME IN THE UNIVERSE
SHES BACK! AND AS INSANE AS EVER!
Crazy but always good! Every part of this was worth the wait!
I have risen sinse last ENA episode.
the little 3d model of ENA is so cute!!! and the stance that ENA does in the elevator is perfection! and last but not least the person at the beginning, i think her design was very clever, at first i didn't get it but once she turned its a whole picture! very clever, this episode deserves a 10/10 we are all very happy :]
Some background in this video feels very scott cawthony
I have a feeling that this is sort of like a sneak peak into the game’s graphics and I got to say, I sure am loving it
BABE WAKE UP THE CREATORS OF ENA MADE ANOTHER VIDEO
The 90's point and click aesthetic is amazing
MOONY YELLING AT ENA TO RUN AFTER HITTING THE DOORBELL 😭😭
ah, yes, new ENA episode. i still have no idea what’s going pn
what did sr pelo do?
Wake up babes Joel uploaded
I am weirdly obsessed with the ending despite the entire thing being fantastic. Just the fact that ENA actually goes "WTF?" is amazing
Amazing anim, mate!
ENAS BACKK I CLCKED THIS VIDEO ALMOST INSTANTLY
7:21 "you can now play as Luigi"
is this a animation?
YEEEEESSS FINALLY
Ye
8:20 8:36
ENA'S BAAAACKKKK
moony just killed a man
the legend has blessed us again
Never remembered ena being so thicc.....idk why
the theorists are gonna have a field day with this one
NEW ENA CIDEO NEW ENA VIDEO
OMG NEW ENA VID
one million views in 3 days is insane … but also this series low key deserves it
Finally, a video series that speaks my native tongue.  *Incomprehensible Absurdity*
its so strange, the attached mask almost operates like a parasite...
YAY NEW ENA VID!!1!1
Hi guys, I'm a new subscriber
0:14 UNDERSTAN-UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPT OF LOVE
0:54 This creature goes hard
OMG FINALLY YES
What just happened
FINALLY
oomagaw
YOOOO THIS WAS SOOO COOL GOOD WORK AS ALWAYS !!!!❤❤❤❤!!❤!❤!
Seeing Ena feel so, idk not as grand in speech or expression is so different and interesting to see this side of her
I am so confused
Wait that the bite of eighty sev- 💀
I HAVE RISEN FROM THE DEAD
2:41 EASILY MY FAVORITE CHARACTER THEY ARE SO COOL
Damn, i really missed you, Ena
YIPEEE?!
I can't believe it's been 420 years
The smack at the end was personal 😭😭😭😭
WOH
OMFG! WE FINALLY GOT MORE ENA CONTENT.
Wow Ena's return
I was a freshman in (virtual) high school when I first got into Ena and now I’m a senior and we’ve been blessed with this work of art. I teared just thinking about it. Thank you Joel G for your dedication and surreal creativity!
SHES BACK FROM THE DEAD!
man the fkin gmod rag doll caught me so off guard
ENA’S BACK GUYS GUYS GUYS GUSY
OMGGGGGG MORE ENAAAAAAAAA
Acho que este foi o EP mais completo sentimentalista e com sentido de todos
GHYYYYYYYIYIIIIIPEEEEEEEEEEE🎉🎉🎉 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
wait a minute is that seek?!
😿😿😽👻👻😽
Is this for the game??
ENA IS BACK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
ESPEREN.... WAIT A MINUTE... Porque señor pelitos loquitos mokey esta aqui al final ?
6:11 “HIT THE CORNER, HIT THE CORNER”
Ena Lock stranger
YESSSSS
YASSSS
F I N A L L Y
3 years really came and went so fast! I remember watching ENA just yesterday *sigh* Memories ☺ Also her design always amazes me!
Lmao the ending got me 😂
ITS BEEN YEARS WE HAVE A NEW VID YIPPEEEEEEE
I just realized ena only has one legging
Ena is back, yes baby ❤❤❤
RAHHHHHHH
1:13 Hits Hard🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
BABE WAKE UP, JOEL G POSTED 🗣️
IM AWAKE
Ena feels like a wholly new experience in each episode, and honestly I was surprisingly touched.  Outstanding. If you were curious as to which part.     The giant skull amalgamation talking about fun.
Wait so it's just ena going to therapy
AKASOAOKSSKKX I LOVE HER KWIDISICKC
When you mask so hard people think it's a play in a theatre
I think the joy she doesn't recognize is the prank her friend keeps dragging her along to participate in. The mask comes from trying to fit in, trying to get the same fun out of it that her friend does. The therapy is in finally understanding that she really doesn't get anything out of all this.
QUE MOMENTO PRA ESTAR VIVO
the captions in the last part had me rolling the fhdgsfjhgjdhsgsjhgjsfd . was amazing
8:39 this DAMN sound effect will NOT leave me alone. i swear to GOD
something is wrong here and I dont like it (im not ento ENA i just clicked on the notification)
4:20 toby fox reff?
♡♡♡♡♡☆¡
Ja é a 33 vezes que eu assisto 🤓👆
ENA GAME
8:37 I don’t know why I find that “Whaaat?” so hilarious-
6:32 - Yeah, we know. This video is just too good.
I feel so betrayed
FOR REAL XD
TURRONN
This did not feel like nearly 10 minutes at all. Every time I watch ENA videos I’m so absorbed.
HOLYYYY WOOOOO
ENA, FINNALY!! I LOVE IT
OMGGG YESSSS AAA
I dont get it
I woke up again
ok but dream barbaque when? :3
1:07 the way she's turned her blue side away letting the mask talk but the rabbit still knowing thru the facade [having her own most likely] also in the hallway seeing a row of doors lined with balloons above on one side and the other is dark broken and closed off here with caution tape and the balloons being deflated as she came up the hall a few mins back , you are already being shown her depression
I’m confused, who was the guy suppose to represent at the end?
So what dimension is this supposed to take place in. It reminds me of the V01D
7:25 Imagine hearing this after finally getting your Resolution
I am from iraq 🇮🇶 and i want say something   "Hamburger" okay, bye
WHAT A WONDERFUL EPISODE, HOW BEAUTIFUL, ENA ENA ENA ENA
ENA :D
No entiendo nada pero está re bueno xd
Man these edibles ain't sh-  *Not even 5 seconds later*
8:43 WOW
Aaaaaaa🎉🎉🎉🎉
WOWZA
PORFINNNNNNNN
Nice to see her other side is controlled I guess oh wait that’s a mask
alguem ai do brasil de santo andre pra amigar? de 16y
ENA: *drops into the endless void 2 times* weeeeeeeeee! This is a source of fun!
OMG FINALLY
no russian language
This feels like ena rediscovering sadness, she's trying to constantly "mask" the sad side, and cannot feel joy, even when her joyful side is talking. the incomprehensible feelings, are just her still having to get in touch with relating feelings to emotions again. its a process you need to take to feel again, as depression can make you just, feel nothing, or its all mute.
8:39 Guess we now know how Moony gets things in her hole on the left side of her face.
¿What it is? A pilot, a trailer for a videogame or what? I've seeing it for several minutes and I don't get it. I don't see nothing or any tag saying it is a videogame, a pilot, a short, or a web series so I don't now. I have some friends to share it but they just like web series and that. It is just a bizarre short or something I won't. They aren't into it last. Anyway i'll stop see it until know what the frog is. Is very strange tp just see it by see it.
OH MY GOD THEY BACKKKK
The first ena animation where I somewhat understood the message… up until the ending.
El rin rin raja ha sido mencionado, impresionante
*I need A GIF of the Mask Dancing.*
after watching the end, i love how now i notice that in the beginning you actually hear Moony yelling at ENA to run after ringing the bell
NEW EP??#!€(€?
omggggggfff esta TREMENDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I almost feel like this series has lore but its just to damn hard to understand and honestly thats what makes it fun to watch
[Ah não não não! Eu (totalmente) tô! Eu não sei sobre você, mas com certeza posso sentir.]  Volta aos 1:55 [Incrível! Eu percebo a ilusão entre as desilusões! É Um mundo de muitissimas conexões infinitas!]  Volta aos 5:07 [Huh! Acho que entendi! É uma história de movimentos silenciosos!]  [Que fenomenal e interessante!]  5:56 [Surreal! Tem o gosto de que eu tô num... (verdadeiro) ensopado cósmico!]  7:08 [Choro] O, o quão pequenos eles são?]
IM RISING FRIM THE DEAD
* i like how at the start you can just hear moony saying run and it is revealed later that they were playing ring rong run but ENA messed it up
he s alive!!!
Why does it look like a game?
Yay ENA'S BACK!!! also joel i hope your doing good
la moony está trompudita
It looks TOO MUCH like a game...
Them: You good bro??  Me:
That's a nice new presentation. It reminds me of the old top down rpgs like the early fallout games.
I miss this channel i come back every oiin a while but im happy to see this new episode of awsome trippy cartoons
I've been waiting for the new series for so long
Imagine a happy tree friends ena crossover
Just the scene at 3:18 it was everything for me also 8:18 - 8:35
Loved the episode.. but can someone explain what I just watched? This is too advanced for me
ENAA IS BACKKK
Yeyyyy
This was was pretty interesting to watch and awesome animation you got here
YAA
moony said "you're going into the face hole"
Woah. Uh. Ena??? What happened to your face?? Edit: nevermind. Perhaps it is best not to wonder, after all.
WAIT WHAT!? NEW ENA EPISODES!??!?!?!?!!!!
i came here seeking fun and all I got was this lousy mask
Enaaaa!!!
I understand everything now 😳🫣
FINALLY
We shoudl drink for this best day..
“Desires are never fulfilled- nor truly quenched, you will fail like the rest of them”  So moony got fat again and ena wasn’t really happy
ОБОЖАЮ ЭНУ ЗА АБСТРАКТНОСТЬ
SCR ENA VOLTOU FINALMENTE
ena is so silly 🥰🥰
sim, SIM S I I I I I M HADHSAHDSAJHDJSAKDHSADSKAHDAKHDAKHDAK. FOMOS PRESENTEADOS POR UM PRESENTE DIVINO, POR JOEL G! (EU NEM ACREDITEI QUE ERA OFICIAL QUANDO EU VI!!!)
I luv the sound design
Mmmmm
Abysmal! tastes like I'm in a real cosmic stew!
2:21 Σ(Дﾟ;/)/
OH MY GOD SHE IS NOT DEAD
I 2:10 😍😍😍😍😍❤
😊👍
My reaction was literally to say "HUH??"
ENA IS BACKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Я ЧЕКАЛА ЦЬОГО 50 РОКІВ  Ого, незвично бачити жовту половину Ени більш серйозною на фоні блакитної маски. О, і дякую за хороші українські субтитри)
Ena is such good art.
im about as confused as ENA was in the end..
Що ц лицем у ени?
Урааа ена
WAKE UP ENA FANS THE KING HAS POSTED!!
i dont know what the hell is going on but its amazing
JOEL G IS BACK MY GUYS
new episode finally, I just expected ena and received several reflections
RISEE UP ENA FANS!!! btw omg i cant stop talking abt how amazing moony and ena r like as bffs THEY R SO ICONICC
I didn't know Ena fans is still awake these days, gosh... How many years? Can you count that? Hmm
This is the gayest thing I've seen in the internet and I've seen goatse on a rainbow flag
im not sure what ENA wished for, but if it was to throw their sadness away or somehow always be happy, etc, then that means that theres no sadness to contrast your joy. if you're always happy theres no true joy, whatever joy you had fizzles out as mundane. neutral. without sadness are you ever happy? faking yours smiles and laughter, is that really the way to be true to yourself?
whaat.. (proceeds to eat the ermm creature i havent watched this series for a bit)
WHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHTTHSHTS FINALLY
999k views!
Блин, помню как я в 2021 увидела чо та про ену в тик токе, решила посмотреть она мне понравилась,и первый тик ток аккаунт и второй были с видео про неё😭
OHHH YEEEAAAH ILOVEENA
WE ARE SO BACKKKK
idk if it was intended, but seeing the patron list in like 60 fps when the whole video was surely less than 60 fps is like playing the old game that had 30 frame animations, then reaching 60 fps credits... overall i have nothing to say, i still love the atmosphere of the whole thing
real
Me gusta la música de tu pagina Joel g ,espero que pronto compre el peluchito de Enna plus .
yey😂❤
esta mrda cada ves rompe mas partes de mi cerebro que ni sabia que tenia y me encanta
It feels like in every new episode, a new problem about Ena is born.  And I don't know how to learn from these journeys.
This is the strangest and deepest ENA video yet. I LOVED IT! Is this a glimpse at what the gameplay is going to look like!?!? 👀
@Zedin
ENA IS BACK BABY!
Live footage of me trying to feel joy and dopamine with heavy depression.
FINNALY
Took me a bit to realize why you couldnt just see Sad-Ena with the mask yet. It's cause well- she's actively hiding it, being a mask and all. As a result, if possible, the camera will always show Happy Ena with the mask covering sadness, excluding the parts where Happy Ena basically goes "I don't think this joy is recognizable" with an abnormal expression, and a few other exceptions.   I'd explain the fact we can't SEE sadness til the mask breaks as the mask "covering" for it, even if not visibly one.
Those nine minutes went by faster than my mind could comprehend
ENA IS ALIVE?! YAAAAAYYY
this was fantastic.
урааа Еночка вернулся/ась!!!
No puede ser... VOLVIO ENA MUCHACOS!!! EEEEAAAAAAA!!!!! **celebra en argento**
Finally i can watch new episode!!
Дождались
5:56
Amazing as always
Sad tried to be Happy. And it made Happy Sad.
The sounds at 8:40 were an incredible touch.
✨RING RONG RUN✨
Drug
ENA FANS RISE UP
weird, but still so goooodddd
RETURN OF MOONYYYY
THIS IS AMAIZING!!!
This is my interpretation of Joel G’s “ENA,” ; it’s the same alienating feeling I feel in regards of existing as an autistic person.  I feel like the evil and hatred in the world is constantly being normalized or justified; just because a peaceful world is told to be impossible.  Obviously that’s not the message of the show directly; I perceive all the scenes of ENA hyper awareness of how things are off— really tickles a brain cell in me. The mask is interesting too. I perceived it as “autistic masking.”    Theres moments where moony is sort of “normalizing,” the seemingly chaotic world around her. You can use the ending of this episode as a good example of this.   I interpret all these moments in regards too the way I perceive the world. I can see similarities. I’m aware this show can be interpreted many different ways.
ahh hell nah ena got a symbiote
I'm looking forward to getting the subtitle out in Portuguese or dubbed in Portuguese.
I had no idea Joel G was Peruvian. Thanks for letting us know!
I'm wondering... Moony eats lots of things, at the end we see she eats part of the enviroment, and the dude that was with her... Moony would eat Ena?
They should've kept it in first person bc in temptation stairway, when ena is on screen, how ena looked was important and made the screen time count. As to not spread ena thin
WOOOO ENA RETURNS😋😋
mais uma vez sem entender nada
IT'S BEEN YEARS THE SERIES IS BACK!!!1! EVERYONE GIVE A HOST FOR ENA!!!!
WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED MORE ENA
огромное спасибо за украинские субтитры, так намного понятнее
YAAAYYYYYYY
YIPPIEE
好きだぁ…
THIS IS THE BEST, I FEEL SO STUFFED WITH JOY!  love you
wait why does ENA looks like that now? what happened? did i miss an episode? was that the concequence of her wish in the last one?
Ena wow
Uh cheese and rice moony did you just kill that thing
lets hope that yellow ena's voice actor isn't secretly an abuser like the other two voice actors 💀
Amazing<3
ENA is finally starting to see just how weird the world is
i love it👍👍👍👍
i love it👍👍👍👍
No Russian subtitles. I'm sad. I love Ena, but it's quite painful for me to see this. I'm not saying that Joel should have made subtitles, but when a video has Ukrainian subtitles and no Russian ones, even though most Ukrainians understand Russian, it's sad to see. It seems like an open statement to the Russian audience that the author does not care about them. Sorry if I offended anyone, it’s just that the first three episodes have Russian subtitles, and the shepherdess, my favorite character, is actually Russian =(
'WhUut'
WHY YOU SO LONG
how long did i sleep?
Seems to be a story about addiction. Ena again drunk way too much, when should have rang and run.
대박
I came for the surreal and freaky Ena content and left realizing that the world is weird and emotions are too but faking feeling joy when you don't feel it at all is just so draining
The day goes better when joel g. uploads new ena video.
ENA IS BACK OMGGG
are burgers a real thing in the Ena Cinematic Universe
This game confuses me so much
The fact that I watched this then logged onto newgrounds and this is the first thing that pops up amazes me
This is the most neurodivergent ass Picasso painting I've ever seen
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
And I thought I was used to Ena's weirdness
i love this weird stuff
Uuuuh nuevo capítulo
나는 이것에 대한 한국어 번역이 나오길 기다립니다  I'm waiting for a Korean translation of this.
Joel G And ANDYL4ND should do a collab!
can we please appreciate the new VA for ena's happy side rn? after the incident with the former VA, i was really worried that ena might not be the same, but griffin did so well. he really captured ena's essence and made it his own.   also, as always, lizzie did an amazing job as sad ena and moony<3  the two of them bring our beloved ena to life and they deserve all the love for it.
Moony is so Toxic. Ena deserves better friends.
YES
The music in this is very unique
YES
Wooooooo I love ENA
Hampter
This is quality nightmare fuel. I love it!
HELL YEAH MORE ENA
4:11 omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori omori
I like that ENA is just one of those things with no lore, no story, just strange events and I am all for it
GUYS ITS HAPPENING OMFG
ITS A GAME
Its been a whole century since we last saw ena
Ну да, русских субтитров не будет, потому что мы во всем виноваты. Так держать👍
How did I get this
ENA is cool
I gasped at 0:30 because it hit the style these sections are going for right on the head. Honestly man, every one of these episodes is an achievement.
MY ENA PFP HAS FINALLY COME TO SOME USE!!!! LETS GOOO!!! LONG LIVE ENA FANS!!!
Growing another face below your own and then using the eyes of said face to project a film reel of a mouth moving has got to be the coolest way to communicate.
Potluck!!
VOLVIO ENAAA!QUE FELICIDAD!!
ENA FANS RISE AGAIN
IM UP I SWEAR
How much time I don’t see ena
PRAISE BE THE LORD, JOEL G POSTED A NEW ENA VIDEO 😩🙏🏼
After 2 years we get a new episode
That was the most expression ive seen on Enas face there at the end
I feel like this is a sort of... Prequel of sorts, like the origins of Ena's sad side. She didn't know where to put her negative feelings, so she disconnected herself from the mask to make room for a new emotion; Sadness. The mask was Ena's happy side, the yellow side was a sort of neutral side, and her blue side is now her sad side.
Its like Joel G decided that poetry, painting and animation were boring so he mixed them together to create ultimate art. And also, spiced it up with gaming. Truly epic.
I love ena
This is such a fever dream xd  But the animation feels like reality
Hahaha, I just noticed at the start, when she presses the button you can hear “runnn runnn runn”, because they were playing ring roung run and their friend was signialing them to run
Y LLEGARON LOS MESEROS
Now I want to see ENA in digital circus as a character :)
The Half Life ragdoll sound was really unexpected 😂😂
If y’all are wondering “man imagine watching this high. Hey, I’m the person watching this high. If I could describe this video it would be like a kindergarten parachute that’s like 100x bigger and you’re like super small and sitting in the middle of this primary color hell but it’s also terrifying massive n cool
A nossa rainha voltouuuu<333
OMG ENA FANS RISEEE FROM THE DEADDDDD
sorry but the SFX at 00:00 sounds like "Turrón"
I love this really much! I remember playing this in my childhood. Beat game ever😊
This kind of lends to the theory that ENA’s wish in Temptation Stairway was to have her sad side removed
😍
😱ENA IS BACK💀
this is my favorite one so far i think (plus it had moony)
its been 20 years daddy
NEW ENA!??????? O EM GEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
THANK YOU!!! WORDS CANT EXPRESS HOW MUCH IM HAPPY RN!!!!!
I love this, I hope it shows up in my dreams
HONEY WAKE UP, ENA JUST DROPPED
90s isometric/pre rendered stuff hits different. I love the aesthetic.
ENA! It’s wonderful to see them again! I thoroughly enjoyed the video and got my own theories on everything including what the acts represent. It is clear ENA is searching for fun and happiness in this place, and it equates to how many strive to be happy in their own lives. There are many different views on how one can achieve this and they are represented in the video through various acts. The mask analysis has been done to death in the comments so I’ll be analyzing the acts.  ACT I: DISPLAY (The joy of connection and consumption) The connections of this area may represent connections one may make with others. Whether over the internet or in real life, relationships with friends and family bring joy to many. The area may also be representative of seeing what others can provide you through their own creations that they may share such as images and movies.  ACT II: THE RISING (The joy of existence) The symbolism gets deeper and I may be more philosophical with this one. Through one’s journey in finding happiness in life, some may find peace and happiness in simply existing and experiencing life through all of its ups and downs. After all, we only get one. The prospect of the unknown future can be exiting. The world will continue whether you’re having fun or not, will you be content following its rhythm?  ACT III and IV: CRESCENDO OF A DESCENT (The joy of creating and serving) While the two acts are in the same section, I think they are significantly different. To feel joy by serving others or showing them things that bring them happiness feels much different to feeling joy from the process of making something on your own and enjoying your own creation. One serves others while the other is self serving. These acts may coincide with each other since some find creating for others as their source of happiness in life.  ACT V: THERAPY (A last resort) This one is pretty straight forward. In a search for happiness many people seek professional help on the matter. I do think there is significance in this one being the final act we see, as a lot of the time therapy is only considered after someone has tried everything to find happiness by themselves to no avail. Remember, it’s alright to seek outside help. You’re not alone in this quest for happiness. Even if therapy doesn’t work out it doesn’t mean it’s the end. Everyone has their own way to have fun, and there’s nothing wrong if you don’t enjoy a certain activity. Just be patient and keep trying out new things.   Thank you for reading! I may type out more in depth stuff like line analyses and my own take on the mask symbolism if people show interest.
Garry mods why?😂 8:41
I love how this one feels even more like an old adventure game you'd play on a computer
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
WOO
We're getting existential with this one.
The music is absolutely amazing
Well uh this was interestingly funny
I'm just a little fan who waits For the game
“UUUUUGH INA!”
Wait, Louis from Beastars voices Yellow Ena?
We’re so barrack
6:59 ENAS BACK!!!!!!
Puedes continuar dora?
I love the ending😭
2:13 is this saying that her sad side is stronger now? also now its happy… wth is going on
What? I don’t even know what I watched?
DIOS MÍO SIIIII POR FIIIN :DD
Moony la bromista
it's been a few years since temptation stairway got me into ENA. time to become obsessed again :]
Good video 👍
ENA enters samsara
YAAAAAAAASS
YESSSAAAA
a
Сломанный язык окраин России сделали, а основной почему то нет  Непорядок
Plot twist ena is just a chaos god
8:38 oh my..thats hilarious😂
Interesting how he gives her one insight about finding fun in the "little things", then when she interrogates it he just gives up. I find it interesting rather than sad, because he actually has room for argument: his face is literally made out of a lot of tiny skulls. If not for the little things, the big things wouldn't matter at all.
Guys, will there be Russian subtitles? I would just like to understand what they are talking about...
MENTIRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, FINALMENTE ELA VOLTOU
Carajo
Jajajaja I really was enjoining this ^^ I like what this ENA still alive
I've never understood the lore to ENA but I still love watching every video about it!
i think ƎNA misheard it as "Ring Rong Fun" instead of "Ring Rong Run"
I like how from the start you could hear Moony shouting RUN
Great message!
Is it bad that I'm a smidge disappointed after I waited this long
wow... what a fever dream.
YEA
ENA IS ALIVE?!
Don't ever buy weed from the gas station.
FINALLY ITS BEEN 10 YEARS
OMG 🤭
E SAIU A NOTÍCIA QUE NINGUÉM ACREDITOU 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
This was a fun surprise to have a new episode with the original ENA. If this short is any indication of Dream BBQ's content, then Dream BBQ is going to be legendary nightmare fuel.
It just me or the ANIMATION IS SO SMOOTH
Enaaa
IT'S BEEN 257 YEARS ENA FANS WAKE UP!!!!
i love the increase in quality
OMGOMGOKGOMOMGOGMOGNGOMGOGMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG NEW VIDEO???
NECRONS WOKE UP FROM THIS
Cool :D 👍
this one became my fav one
so their name is pronounced "aye-nuh" NOTED!
0:34 hylics reference??
New EnA episodes are like bike crashes for me, it doesn't happen as often as i would like to but once they drop it marks my life forever
I literally cannot tell if this series is an actual game or an animation. I think there is beauty in that, and I won't answer the question for that reason.
This one seems like its trying a bit too hard to be strange compared to the earlier stuff that was put out
What happened to ena?
NEW ENA EPISODE YAYAYAYYA
THE MASTERPIECE RESUMES
JOEL HAS FINALLY FED US 🙌🏼 😭😭😭😭😭 WE WERE HUNGRY AND AND AND... AND... STARVING!
just the same few elements from prev episodes that hyped up in tiktok. whatever.
P-PLUSHIES? N-NEW MERCH? PINS AND A WHOLE NEW EPISODE?!?   *grabs bloxy cola*
I LOVE MY ENA PLUSHIE
OMG 2 DAYS AGO AAAH
Omg ena is back 🥺
agradecimiento especial a señor pelo jsjsj es lo mejor
Mannn I remember when this show was brand new. It’s crazy how far it’s come and how much the fanbase has grown. Can’t wait to see where this series goes in the future!
4:33 looks like that one mortal kombat 2 stage lol
5:00 the witch shadow is doing a dance from Metropolis (1927)
AMAZING AS ALWAYS!!!! :D What a nice treat. It's so much fun to see all the love poured into each one of these shorts. I can only imagine how good dream bbq is gonna be if this is supposed to be a "quick" short LOL
small detail i liked: when Ena greets the bunny dancer, Ena asks for her to 'sing her towards the fun', which on its own is a quirky way to ask for directions, but then you realize that the bunny actually 'sings' along with the music and Ena knows this because they've met already!
Thanks for this chapter ❤
Holy buttwholey moley
ENAAAA
Thanks for making me feel high without being high.
I can fix her
What type of game or thing is this?
When I saw the name of Act V I got scared for Ena
BEAUTIFUL
Now long has it been...
Therapy entity is strangely comforting, considering it’s… you know, a cloud of talking skulls.
new ena vid wake up
IM HERE I HAVE BEEN SUMMONED
FINALMENTE ENA VOLTOU HTJDKFHEKDJRNEK 💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛
Ah finally, the fever dreams have returned, welcome back; ENA
???
what happened to the right side of her face
7:59 Anyone wondering who the guy with the sack on their head running is?
gametheory: ena is actually just schizophrenic
I HAVE ARISEN OMG FINALLY NEW ENA EP
A pleasant update
I BEEN FEINING FOR THIS
nicee😊
ENA on trending love that for her
This is so cool! I love this one even more than the previous ones because of how clear the message is
YESS ENA IS BACK MY BROS
WHAT
AAAAAA TÁ ACONTECENDO
is it just me, or does it feel like the VA changed. somehow it feels different from the initial  release.
Yes sir new video only took 100000 years of waiting😎
IM BACK
THiS CANT BE REAL, ITS BACK!!!!!!
I'm using "What's the flavor of today's voyage?" on my clients from now on
ENA feels like the fever dreams your computer has while it tries to get rid of a virus. lol
Looks like ENA is finally starting to realize something is wrong... but not necessarily just with Them.  A Illusion within Delusion
BABE WAKE UP A NEW ENA SHORT JS CAME OUT
OMFFFGFGFGGDRG
WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
SAIU A NOTICIA O MUNDO NÃO ACREDITOU
Took a while lmao    Hope the game is going right :D
Damn the blur bit was depressing, especially considering dudes literally talked against this trend all night comedy, it’s hard to even pretend to respect comedians these days tbh
joel you are truly a god damn genius
Que legal cara!!
ENA fandom wake up 🗣️🔥
ena
Why are there so few likes????
Many don't know, but her real name is Jena
ena screams bipolar disorder, me too B)
I was genuinely not expecting to hear those ragdoll sound effects at the end.
FINALLY OMG THANK U!!
It's been so long, and finally!
Cheese bread 😞👍
What’s ENA?  Whatever it is, it looks pretty cool
4:23 that's quite... Something (somone please get the reference)
This looks like a RPG maker gameplay!! I would love a rpg maker game of ENA
m glad u back c:
Long have we waited.....
Oml more ENA content!!
The keyspam at the end, I love how the the captions are done to be easier to understand even if there are captions already....
SHE'S BACK
ITS BACKKKK
This has to be my favourite ENA episode being the fact that Ena is actually questioning what the hell is going on in her fever dream of a world is genuinely interesting, we never see her that confused before
8:18 ao oni
this was so beautifully made, and it came out of nowhere
AEEEEEEEEE
WE ARE SO BACK LETS GOOO
ENAAAAAA
TARON
LETS GOO ENA IS BACK
The return of the Acid Trip King!!!
"whaaat?" I get ya moony...WHAAAAAAAT?
THANK YOU FOR UKRAINIAN SUBTITLES!!!🥰🥰
The "cannibal Moony" theorists must be *eating* good right now
Same
a Mental breakdown in art form.
ENAAAA
ERM DYK HOW LONG I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR A NEW EPISODE UHH
honey wake up joel g posted new ena video🥰
Question. What happened to Ena's face???
Worth the wait
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I’VE BEEN WAITING.
this episode really reminded me of the hylics 2 artstyle i love it
Our queen is back and my love rises again
AAAAA
I really lIke the pre rendered looking stuff here, gives a very late 90s feel
hey this is cool and all but where's dream bbq
Is it bad I can actually understand what's going on and what everyone is talking about?
I can't say enough good things about this series. A close friend introduced me to it and I'm in love. Thank you, JoelG for making such wonderful and bizarre animations!
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SO DAMN LONG, THIS IS AMAZING
SOOO CUTE!!!!! 0:20
people got excited over this?
in the first 15 seconds is that moony yelling “run”? i like that detail now that i’m rewatching it they were playing ring-rong-run 😭
I was wondering 🎶What the mask is? What the point of the mask is?🎶 Through the vid
1:40 IS THAT AN EVANGELION REFERENCE!???!!??
The most normal episode so far
Is there lore? If so…bruh?
PERFECT
THERES A NEW ONE!!!!
This is impressive
I dont even know what the hell is going on
That's what the mask is That's what the point of the mask is
5:45  bro really said 💀
Yayy more ena!!!!
They made the dialogue even more cryptic
na
Chat is this real?
ААААААААААААА КАК ПРИКОЛЬНО!!!
Looking for happiness. I can relate to this a lot. Good animation as always Joel.
i loved how moony said: "UGH.👹👹 ENA!!" 7:35
ENA HAS RETURNED‼️‼️
так це гра робиться чи просто для анімації?
LETS GOOOOO
New ENA content dropped 🗣️🗣️
Fun fact! The mask coming out of Ena's face is voiced by Lizzie Freeman, also known for voicing Yanfei, from genshin Impact, and Pomni from TADC! I knew it sounded familiar!
THIS IS SOO GOOD WHAT????
Strangely poetic, even if I had no idea what was really even going on.
Moonie: What?😒
Watching this while holding my limited edition hourglass dog. Man, it’s a great day to be existing.
6:12 Is this a reference to that logo that bounced all over the screen? (DVD logo)
This one almost makes sense.
AUIOOUHHGG NEW ENA CONTENT . she seems so much more aware of how weird her world is now
WOAAAAHHHJH
28# en tendencias?! El fandom revive muy rápido :D
YAYYY
Não se apressa a perfeição
Ena, i feel, has a deeper meaning behind her character especially with the therpist thing
I think this episode predates Temptation Stairway in the ENA timeline. Otherwise she relapsed from being happy (which was her wish) back to the unstable person she once was.
as always this is such a fever dream and that's why I loved the series from the moment the first episode came out
мне жаль что есть только украинские субтитры.. я надеюсь русские тоже будут..
the part when the skeletons form into a face it reminded me of cyriak
this whole episode was just ENA not understanding how pranks work and I love it
lets fukin GOOOOOOO
YESSSS
OMGGG STOP IM GASSSS
Omg Ena is back 😮
El Diaaablo!
SO HAPPY TO BE BACK
this episode looks like some obscure quest from late 90
WOOOOOOOOO ENA BACK
Well, that's the weirdest therapy session I've ever been to.
is this game play footage?
Lol fire
OMGGFGFGFGFG
I don’t hate what I watched but I feel like I started this series at the wrong point.
WOOOOOOOOOO
AAAA I'VE BEEN CONSISTENTLY WATCHING THE ENA EPISODES AS THEY COME OUT AND IT'S ALWAYS SO GREAT TO FINALLY SEE WHAT MORE CRAZY-CREATIVE THINGS THE ARTISTS CREATE IN THESE!!!
I LOVE ENNNNNNAAAA - 🐻
AMAZING!!
ВАУ!!!! ДЯКУЮ ЗА УКРАЇНСЬКІ СУБТИТРИ!!!💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
THIS IS SOCDHCKDJCDSKJCHDSJHFCKHDF I LOVED IT
ЕНА ВЕРНУЛАСЬ
Your mind never fails to amazes me. The entire ENA series captures the exact surreal feeling my dreams have
WOWWAAAAAKAJISHIXH
Every time, I watch a video on Ena, I still don’t know what I am watching.
We're so back
STOP IM CRYING
ena is so iconic
Why your animation always weird?! 🤨🤔
6:10 I like how for the first time we see both personalities coming together and not interrupting each other. Happy begins his somber sentence and sad seamlessly finishes it, as if they agreed to throw the mask away.
E N A S B A C K
I thought ena had a doffrent look now? Its still amazing i love it
Correct me if I’m wrong but. This is the first episode we see ena navigating the world in third person. She see her talking to people in that way all the time but when she moves it’s usually first person view
"You cant merely wish to be happy. Youll only alienate different emotions. Emotions that arent even sadnesses."
what happened to their face omg
en a
ENA ENA ENA
Pomni :)
fun
YASSSSSSS ENAAAAAAAA Edit: my eye immediately catched patreon named "ena is my wife"
What is this, it is amazing!
👀 It is always good to see more ENA, I've been waiting for it!
ENA FANS GET BACK FROM THE DEATH NOOOOOOOW!!!
O_O What happened to ENA? Why their blue part is separate? Because that really looks creepy
ЭТО ТАК КРУТО Я СЧАСТЛИВА
Absolute incredible, as always, another home run. I adore it ♥  Every other scene or room in an ENA cartoon looks like it's from a different genre or generation of video game, sure, but what really struck me about this one is how you moved from SMT with Extinction Party, to a slightly more open world fps kinda version of that for Temptation Stairway, but now you've gone full isometric pre-rendered third person on us, like Mario RPG or Little Big Adventure or something. I really dig the hell out of how you take all these disparate parts of surreal imagery and glue them together with this cohesive overworld (you even added loading screens this time!) to contextualize all of ENA's internal struggles and questions and curiosity into as a quest line in a video game.  You and all your collaborators are incredible artists and I have so much respect and admiration for all of you.
WAKE UP ENA FANS!!! WAKE UPP!!! A NEW VIDEO IS HERE
Oh my how lovely
WthaF in every episode of this show, haha. Its Amazing!
WELCOME BACK JOEL G!!!
ENA VOLTOU AHHH
Approved 🧙‍♀️🪡💧
Finally, it's here!!!, im soOOooo, HappYYyyY :c
The ending plot twist is funny as hell
Am I the only one who hears Wilford Warfstache in that talking pile of skulls?
I've always had the impression that this type of video surpasses and exceeds too much for me what is just a video, for me this is more than a youtube video and it becomes more like a new type of abstract art
Our favorite bbg is back
OMGGG
it sounfs mark for a sec hahah
so bad what video dont contains russian subtitles.
yessss
When game?  Edit:  Got Game.
ENA JUMPSCARE
Everyone keeps talking about "the message". What was it? Im not seeing it.
WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO  THIS IS NOT A DRILL  NEW ENA LORE HAS DROPPED  I REPEAT  THIS IS NOT A DRILL  NEW ENA LORE HAD DROPPED  WEE WOO WEE WOO WEE WOO
That therapist has way more skulls than the ones I know. Mine only has like, one...  that I know about.
This feels like such a level up. These animations were already amazing, but this is absolutely next level in every way possible. I kept stopping mid-video and rewinding because I just HAD to see that animation or hear that line again. Stranger, more surreal, more of a trip in every way. The twist that the floating face is a mask, acting happy, covering up the sad side. I can't believe this video is 9 minutes long, I watched it twice in a row and never felt like more than one or two minutes had passed.
:0
About damn time
FINALLYYY
ENAAAAAA IS BAACCCKK
супер
So ENA was supposed to ring and run, but she instead entered the Potluck? or Dungeon of Fun, and began a short adventure seeking what fun really is... by exploring an abstract story structure, with no clear resolution or answer given, even by the random "Therapist" (Death) at the end.... reasonable stuff! Awesome <3
Yesss thank yoi
YEEEEAHHHHH
Love the source engine meat slaps lmao
i could speedrun this game (all jokes this looks amazing and i love everything about it, great designs and storytelling! welcome back)
ENA IS BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
HELP I LOVE THIS RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
ENA IS NOW HERE YUPPP
JESUS I FEEL LIKE IVE BEEN WAITING ALL MY LIFE FOR THE NEXT ONE
ENA FANS RISE UP!!
omg i love itt!!
ENA VOLVIO CABRONES WOOOOOO
me senti uma maconheira assistindo esse episódio, mas mesmo assim eu amei.
Mano me llega al huevo
Can't wait for super luigi world 27 to spam the word mid on this
this was an incredible video!! as a long time ena fan, this was the highlight of my week :] amazing work on the animation, the storytelling, the voice acting, everything! lastly, i adore the symbolism and poetic nature of the video <33
YES ENA IS BACK
OMG YESSS
O
Wowzers
Seems like a pretty crummy "therapist" if you ask me.
Why is the therapy on kinda..
“its been 100 years daddy, I really really missed you”
"Without your permission, may I check it out?"
ENA IS BACK 🗣️ Even though the message was completely confusing to me, deep down it made perfect sense and was extremely interesting.  ENA never disappoints me ‼️
0:57 bruh she looks like a fnaf bot
its been awhile.
HELP this is definitely an experience. loved it
I love ENA~!
That ending was absolutely hilarious! Though I cannot help feeling it was undoubtedly referring to someone. Pardon me, I don’t know who that was but I think I was supposed to. Can anyone tell me who that man/person with glasses was?
YAAAAAAR
ITS FINALLY HERE EVERYONE
Wearing a suit and tie for this occasion
once again ENA is back to be bizzare and leave me wondering "what was that all about?!"
キタキタキタァ！！
This is so cool! I forgot, how much i have missed Ena, but i sure did! Now i proceed waiting the game, its going to be awesome!
All Ena fans are eating GOOD today
Do you guys think that this place represents ENA's mental joy and understanding of her world?
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA DROPPED
SHES BACKKCAK!!!!
早く誰か日本語に翻訳してください！！久しぶりのENAに興奮しているんです！！
Is that... does... Mooney have a lover? Curiosities for later, I suppose.
Why are we using the same voice actor Joel?
Old man Bones is my favorite new character
@LINKZIN We want teoria We need teoria
So I knew Power of Potluck (sorry if I wrote it wrong) was gonna be a thing. But I did not expect to see it this close
Saw someone point out on another website that she has her auction day design (most notable difference is her suspenders I think that's what they are) which is interesting
YOOOOOOOOOO SHE'S BACK!!!! This is such a cool video, an seeing ENA like this was awesome!
I can't believe that they made a whole video because they were taking their time with the game.
As I start watching this series, there is a new video.
None of the previous episodes have been chronologically connected to the others, but this one absolutely happens after Temptation Stairway. ENA tried to get rid of her sad side and disconnect from it, and it didn’t really work because it’s not what would actually make her whole and happy. And then Moony obviously has part of her weird skinny body she wished for but now it’s just inside her normal moon shaped self. I guess neither of them were really improved by their wishes and realized they already had the ability to be what they wanted to be.
“How fun even was it in there?”  *ENA having an existential crisis*  “Eh, it was pretty stuffy 😪”
So was ena becoming all yellow at the end of temptation stairway not permanent or is this not canon?
HOLY CRAPPPP
“Act 5 [therapy]”
what
I waited for this day my entire life.
These character designs are so creative 🤯i love them 🥰
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH EVERYTHING WAS JUST CHEFS KISS
That last bit LOL, gmod physics!
WE BACK‼️‼️💥🔥‼️🔥
"I don't recognize the strain of joy" I LOVE THIS!!! This is clearly how being more aware of not being sad when having fun ruins the actual fun. This is a great way to represent this huge topic in such a reflexive (but not obvious) animation!
The dude made out of skulls made me itchy
WAKE UP BABE NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED!!!!
YEEEEESSSSSS
I GASPED WHEN I SAW THE NOTIFICATION FOR A NEW POST!!! IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SOO LONG
ITS BEEN SO LONG, I LUV THIS!!!
Ena is a gameeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i am absolutely obsessed with this you have no earthly idea
日本語訳が欲しいです 今までとは何かが違う気がする
Some thoughts on this wonderful episode.  This seems to be a clear continuation of some sort to Temptation Stairway. Remember how ENA seemed even more overwhelmed than usual in that ep? Even to the point of being downright suicidal with some of the comments she made... and at the very end, once they've seemingly reached the Runas, her blue side has suddenly disappeared. It makes me think that the wish that ENA made was to get rid of her sadness, finding it too much to bear. But as Ulysses warned her... desires are never fulfilled nor quenched.  So she hasn't gotten rid of her problems, not really. She's just literally 'masked' them now. And as a result of this repression, even her happy side isn't as bright as it used to be - now more passive and doubtful, downright confused on how, no matter how much she searches for happiness, it seems so far out of reach now. She feels utterly out of place in this world that she used to fit right into, even if it overwhelmed her at times. Because how can you feel connected to what's around you if you don't even feel connected to yourself?  And while that's all obvious enough - I wanted to try and theorize a bit on the different acts here, too, and what they mean.  Before the acts even start, we meet the Bunny, who says "What a stink! That is not the essence of merriness... aren't you entertained enough?" Irl, there's plenty of people who make comments like that towards depressed people. _What's with the long face? Why aren't you happy? You have everything you need, right? Your life is good, right? Quit moping, you're bringing the mood down..._ and sentiments along the sort. That's just what that made me think of.  Now, the first act is a bunch of pipes connecting - "Connections and bonds that are meant to transmit cheerfulness", as ENA puts it. And the immediate first thing that came to my mind, both from the visuals and the wording, are... the neural pathways in our brains. Whatever is wrong with ENA, it's obviously neurological, as all mental illnesses/disorders are, and it's not something that you can just 'think' away. There is something legitimately different in your brain. "I don't recognize this strain of joy."  Before the second act, we meet the lady in the wall, who is crying. ENA, almost accusatory, asks her "aren't you supposed to be cheering?", as if she has come to believe that emotions, the 'bad' ones at least, are a inherently, well... bad. And the lady just replies that these tears are from joy, and that this happiness isn't one that can be bought. I think this represents what it's like to truly be able to experience your emotions in full - unembarrassed, and not caused by anything like drugs or any other addictions... just fully so happy you could cry. But, of course, ENA can't understand that concept yet.  Which we see in the second act - the one that supposedly made the lady that happy, and one that ENA can't comprehend at all. "Am I the one the rhythm can't catch?" _Am I just the odd one out here?_ If we're stretching the metaphors, we could also extrapolate that the mask's line of "the entire universe is waltzing with me" has a sort of meaning of feeling connected to the world around you and stuff... and I could try to explain what the visuals mean, but that might be digging too far even for me, lol. Important thing is, again, ENA struggles to find joy in things others can.  The third and fourth act, is a "story of silent movements." A performance. I think this represents ENA trying to go along and _pretend_ to be happy even if she can't feel it inside. Maybe if she just looks the part, if she gives out something to the world, it'll help, right? But... "Though I feel the gratification of the audience, I can't feel any change in me." She can try to be happy for others, but she _can't_ fake it 'till she makes it, not on this. All that it makes her realize is, in contrast, how miserable she feels deep down.  "Hey... how could a chore like this jollify someone, anywho?"  That's all that this is to her, at this point. A chore - anything that seems fun just feels like a chore to her now. This could be many things - art, performing, eating, waking up in the morning, meeting with friends... when you're depressed, things that would bring you joy normally no longer do, and you're left just cruising, forcing yourself into things. And that can be... very tiring.  Notice how the mask falls, when she says that. She's finally out of her denial.  And then she, quite _literally,_ goes to therapy LMAO  Which, the fifth act speaks for itself, I think, and this comment is already WAYY too long so I'll just end it here lol If anyone actually read this - hi and have a virtual cookie, thank you 🍪  Gosh this series is amazing <3
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED
Oh. My. Goodness.
what the hell
i needed this so much thank you
How does it get better every entry
AMAZING
RAHHHHHHH 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
how bad life was 9 minutes ago
I was so not ready for this and its a fever dream yet again
I missed these two, it's great to see them again lol <3
NO WAY THERES A NEW ENA EPIPSDE
Every episode gets more incomprehensible and I love it
OH MY GOD FINALLY
вот это заявление
I don't know why, but this feels positively... Different, somehow. Like, this tastes more like VLIF's form of surreality than the standard fare. Culd it be possible that the change of view changed the taste? Or could it be that I have sustained myself with VLIF for so long that this genre of surreality will always remind me of them? Quite intriguing indeed...
WARNING: don't read the comments before finishing the video cause then your gonna read a comment saying "moony dragged the guy into her hole"
Far out!~     Also, on second viewing I can't unhear Moonie shouting for her to run at the beginning after ringing the doorbell!
ENA: es como adventure time pero mejor echa y mas entretenido
YEEEES ITS HEEREEE THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS PIECE OF ART MASTER 🙏
AAAAARGAGSGSJSB ONG OMG OMG IM DYING
YEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yep. Still confused
Ena já era bizarro agora tá  mais.... perfeito ❤️
What just happened. (Me after every ENA episode)
ENA'S BACK LESS GOOOO
I have AWOKEN
This is my favorite episode yet and it has made super excited for Dream BBQ!
УРАААА Я ЖДАЛА СТО ЛЕТ😭😭😭😭❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹🎉🎉🎉🌹🌹🆘🆘🆘💗💋💋💋💋🤪🤪🤪😘😘😘😘🤩🤩🤩😍😍😍😍💥💥🎉🎉🎉🎉🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯😋😋😋😋😋😋💫💫💫💫💫💫💫🎃🎃🎃🎃🎃💎💎💎💎💎💎💋💋💋💋💋💗💗💗💗🌹🌹🌹🌹🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
For the first time, I actually got the messages inside. They are cleverly mixed by the dialogue and character design, but once you get used to it, the story can be translated to reality quite smoothly. I really enjoy your projects and the commitment you have on showing it with this originality. They really are works of art! Very nice!
OH MY GOD
ITS BACKKKK
ENNNAAAA
ENA IS BACK YYPPEEEE💙💙💙💛💛💛🎭🎭🎭
YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAA🎉🎉🎉🎉
Your art never disappoints, Joel. You always find new creative ways to tell a simple yet meaningful story in the most inspired and inspiring. I needed a series like this my whole life, its so trascendental. ENA is one of my favorite things ever.
So boring ,
Top 10 comebacks to ever exist known to men
This was so awesome!! I hope we get to see more appearances of Lizzie and Griffin's ENA in the future! I especially loved Griffin's performance!!!!
8:37 watch me SWOOCE right in
I don’t know why but moony that just yoink the weird shape/man is really funny to me
estaba gozu mano
Gotcha!
I watched this before bed ima have a fever dream now 😂
ENA continues to be one of the most relatable characters to me
Были у девчёнки две разных сторонки. Один желтый, другой синий. Слава Украине!
LETS GOO THE KING POSTED!!!
the gmod ragdoll sound got me so good lol
LETS GOOOOOOOOO 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
I'm not sure what exactly to expect from Dream BBQ. But if it's anything like the fever dream Ena videos, then I know Dream BBQ will be absolutely worth the wait.
будут ли субтитры на русском? очень хочется посмотреть продолжение :(
My favorite parts of this video since I can't stop coming back to it  0:04-0:20  1:01-1:07  1:55-2:12  2:35-2:40   4:38-4:45  5:56-6:03  6:11-6:30  7:08-7:12   7:50-8:45
I know i might be dumb but since the beggining  i think the ENA serie is a game
YOOOO THIS ENA IS SICK
ENA fans: AYAYAYAY (epic music) P.S. it's Pillar Men theme(Awaken)
Blud really back from the dead
the gmod moment caught me off guard
This is so satisfying to look at, I've replayed it 4 times  I love this series. It scratches a deep itch in my brain and expresses things I can't put into words
Amazing and otherworldly, outstanding work!
Анімація так само чудова, як і завжди!
This was an absolute joy to watch. ❤
Wait so does this mean we'll get more ena after the game releases!??
ZOINKS!!
Ending on Source Engine body SFX was like seeing your best friend after a bad day at work
Man this stuff is always incredible. Keep it up man!
shes kinda weird  in a beautiful way
3:18 Help I can't stop replaying it.
WE’RE BACK BABY
Wait wait, did we actually just get some semblence of LORE?!
Where did the mask come from? I am very b much confused.
Вчера испанские субтитры появились, сегодня украинские. Какие следующие субтитры появятся?
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED ALL IS RIGHT WITH THE WORLD
ENA CONTENT ENA CONTENT ENA CONTENT ENA CONTENT ENE CONTENT!!!!
:3
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS
How fun
That was weird. That was, dare  I say, fun?
neat.
AND WHEN WE NEEDED HER MOST SHE FINALLY CAME BACK
Una obra maestra!
Ah I love the   What the heck did I just watch   Feeling I get from these it's oddly calming for me
you can hear moony shouting "run" to ena in the beginning of the video when she rang the bell
I WATCHED IT YESTERDAY AND I LOVED IT, I LOVED EVERY BIT OF IT! AND THE FACT IT'S ON 33 TRENDING THAT'S AMAZING!!!
OMG ENA IS BACK I LUV HER SM!!!!🥰🥰🥰
FINALLY
AMAZING AS ALWAYS 💙💛
Babe wake up new ENA just dropped
I wonder why ena was wearing that mask and why it was connected to her.
Joel why’d you have to make this one resonate with me 😭
I love this freaking trippy acid trip! ENAs personality is like breathing in a fresh breeze of air and exhaling woozy caffeinated bubbles from feeling the soda tingle up your nose! The worlds and character’s are unique this art concept is beyond abstract!
I know we already got Dream BBQ on the way, but honestly, a Yume Nikki esq rpg like this would be amazing. No combat, a little bit of puzzles, mostly just exploring abstract worlds with an excellent late 90's software pre-rendered look to it.
tbh the mask doesn't read as an extendant form of ena's sadness, it reads as a parasite. something that's weird to me is that in all of the ena vids, the sad and happy sides never talk as if they're separate people, but the mask and ena DO talk to each other as if they are. i do think that the mask is the remnant of runas's wish, bc even moony didn't get to keep her wish permanently, tho her skinny self is still there, it's just inside her.
Welcome back, famished brethren
I love the implications and symbolism within this ENA episode! On top of what others are commenting on with the symbolism of the mask, personally my interpretation and takeaway from this is that ENA cannot feel things “just right”.   Exaggerated joy or a deep sadness, but never a regulated emotion. Full black or full white, and it’s difficult to stay in a nice grey. It’s definitely a struggle when you’re switching from such intense emotions constantly, never being able to feel anything a “normal” amount that doesn’t take a toll on you. I don’t know how to explain it well but wow this episode really resonates with me.
OMMGGGG
7:16 “CONGRATULATIONS!”
Me seeing that the 4th chapter of ENA was released after 2 years: SHH!!! MY NOVEL STARTED >:]
THIS WAS AMAZING
I am so fuggin glad that i took ME ZAzaa befero wathing anoter master piece from JoelG  ~ ~ Te amo seas quien seas ~
Oh... Ena has a tumor now.
Cool video, sadly I know all of this already
maravilhoso pqp
Han pasado 84 años
NEW EPESODE ONGMOGMOGOG
As usual, I understood like 10% of this at most but I am entertained nonetheless.
utterly bizzare as always, and that's part of the apeal.
The bunny girl that gave the map has to be one of the single coolest character designs ever.
VAMOOOOO VOLVIO ENA CARAJOOOOOOOOO
this is amazing
BLEEEUEHHHHHBI LOVE ENA
Это что-то очень странная и не понятное
Yaaaaaasssssss ENA ur backkkkk
After many or a few months, they finally release an episode of ENA
00:53
I cant stop rewatching this honestly
Wtf
WHAAT
WE RIISSSSEEEEEE
8:21 me when someone says Fortnite is the best game ever
i assume this some part or early part of dream bbq
FINALLY
woah.
Live laugh love Ena
seems like ENA is self aware
And after all those years I still cant understand what's going on in there😂
So basically experiencing negative emotions with her yellow face makes her get a grade of sentience??? Does the same happen when her blue face experiences positive emotions??????
This is amazing!!!! This has got to be my favorite ena video ihmygod, great work joel 🫶🏾
The only episode I understood a little more than a little
SHES BACKKKKK
FINE ILL GET BACK INTO ENA.
AYO NEW ENA LES GOOOO
THE AUTISTIC PEOPLE ARE GONNA LOVE THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥
there arent any references to once in a lifetime in this one. interesting
I prefer the POV stuff but this one was cool
Yoooo we didnt forgot you joel the fans are all waiting,!
Ena has siblings weird, they do not look anything like her.
YES
FINALLY ENA HAS COME BACK OMGGGG ASGHGSG IM SO HAPPY
This art style is gorgeous but somehow it just makes me feel... afraid. Is that normal? LOL
I think i have a reason for why ena gets weirded out and confused in her weird world.  Ena is a creature of symbolic recognition, like humans. She can pick up similar symbols and make meaning of them. Yet she lives in a world where that really doesn't matter much, or at the very least not in the same way she (and we) does.   Other entities in this realm have similar patterns that they do and range in how much they can pick up patterns, but nowhere near as much as ena can. Moony, who has at least enough symbol recognition to understand the worlds rules and recognize when ena is somehow acting up, is on the higher end of the spectrum. Its probably why shes enas best friend. Yet her symbol recognition is more premade, sculpted to react to the world she lives in. Unlike ena who can constantly analyze and cross analyze any new symbols.   Entities like the moderator at the beginning of episode 2 lack almost all symbol recognition, depending of a more computer binary thinking to know yes or no answers to problems. Yet it has a way of acting thats of this world not necessarily in binary thinking, but as an organic creature.  Ena may have spent her whole life here getting used to this world and understanding its patterns. but again, pattern recognition is not very valuable here. So she does her best to act in accordance with the world. Its all shes known. This may be why she has 2 beings. She developed a split personality to try and cope with the stresses she has. Yet when things confuse her, she gets triggered by it. And how she reacts can depend on what personality shes embodying. When shes yellow ena, she will show expressions of true confusion, or shell start getting euphoric and glitch out like the end of ep 2. When shes sad, she can be sent into a panic attack, like in the beginning of episode 3. Her mask may also be a form of coping of the randomness for her sad side, but im still piecing together whether that fits with this episodes themes of joy. The closest thing i can think of right now is that she's trying to find happiness in this world she's incapable of fully comprehending.  If this is right, this raises more questions about this universe. What is ena then? Is she human? Is this world a computer program? Or perhaps its more of a psychedelic realm something Terrance mckenna would talk about? And what exactly is the logic of this world and the grander story being unraveled here? So many questions that make me super excited for what comes next for the series!  EDIT: after a few rewatches, I think I got a better idea of the mask and the symbol recognition.   The mask was not only a coping attempt for the weirdness of the world, but also a hope to achieve an idea of fun, joy and happiness that only her yellow side is fully familiar with. Blue ena has a self hatred for herself in a way that overwhelms her entire being. Yet even in that state, he knows about her happy side. That feeling of happiness is something she deeply wants and is tired of lapsing into dangerous levels of depression. And at the end of episode 3, where she becomes entirely yellow, the idea of the mask came to her. A mask that would have her always be as happy as yellow.  The mask works in a way that tries to have her blue side emulate her yellow, at least in action and appearance. While it can't remove her depressed aspects of herself, it can at least repress them. And instead of being disturbed by the nonsensicalness of the world, she just tries to roll with it.  Yet in the very process of attempting of being fully happy, her yellow side in fact becomes less happy. Where sad ena used to occur more when things disturbed her or made no sense, the happy ena was there instead because of the mask. So when she tried to be happy when she ought not to be, the confusion and realization she has no idea what's going on grew and grew. Even the entities is the place recognized she was abysmal even if she couldnt.  The skull therapist is perhaps the character with the most symbolic recognition outside of ena, and seems to have and understanding of how the ena's work (all of them, not just blue and yellow). While he may not have full symbolic recognition, he has enough to know how to help her. That being to tell her that lying to herself about how sad she is will make things worse and she'll never find happiness by fully embracing the most abstract places in her world.   Ena at her happiest are indeed in the little moments. Like giving a gift to moony or enjoying the serenity of the runas resting place. Like it or not, this nonsensical world is enas home. And the sooner she can accept the harder aspects of living there, the sooner she can have more fun.
omg can't believe ENA is back and with more metaphorical stuff too
All things aside, where the hell did that mask come from anyway? it's just so random for the mask to be a part of 3NA anyway
i didnt think i was gonna wake up one day to a joel g post
waeth?
Claim your "here before 1M views" ticket here
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀 5:32
OH MY GOD?
Ena > digital circus
Ok so I have a theory or two The mask is like fake happiness that ena was hiding behind  which is why she positioned herself so her yellow side which is supposed to be joy would be covered since she was starving for fun her joy side was empty from what I can tell her blue side is for sadness and yellow is joy so the mask being happy when its blue shows that she isn't really happy at the time she was hiding her sadness which drained her joy so the mask conected to her makes it like a parasite stealing her joy the mask was also trying to bring her more fun so it could take more joy litteraly dragging her towards a possible source and takeing the fun leaving ena confused about what she was feeling but when she realised this while taking to the guy I will call "bone face" she let her emotions out which was her sad voice speaking and felt better after so she would then have control over herself rather than yellow overpower blue or vise versa  But its just a theory A FAN THEORY
I have awoken from my grave
slay
SHE HAS AWOKEN.
Dream BBQ might release on new years imo
i have to watch this multiple times or else i will combust
This feel like a dream
Ena episode woooooo🎉🎉🎉🎉
AHHH I LOVE ENA SMMMMMMM
YAYAYAAYAYAYAYA NEW STUFF FROM ENAA
When ENA had her mask on, it was like she was trying hide her emotions and try to find a new one. Pretty cool!
2:40 Only one thing can satify this degenerate. GLORY.
Good video
ITS A MIRACLE
LET'S GO ENAS BACK!!!
OMG
Why did I watch this drunk...?
is this what being high feels like
I’ve risen up from the dead
I feel like what we see here is how the dream bbq game will look tbh
strangely coherent this time
6:21 You're as beautiful as the day I lost you. 🥺
Vaya este capítulo tiene un significado algo diferente..... Me gusta :D
that's what the point of the mask id
THE JOY ON MY FACE OMG
im gay and i like eating bugs and insects
I never understand what these episodes are about, yet I keep coming back for the creativity and amount of work you put into them. Another banger!
Yoooo, Joel uploaded another short animation of ENA let's goooo.  But my thoughts on this - this is marvelous, I love it.  The new VA for Happy Side ENA sounds amazing and the storyline of this is just a piece of art.  I don't wanna say any spoilers though cuz some people read the comments first before watching soooo yes but this episode is just a piece of art 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
ENA!?!?
"Thats what the point of the mask is!"
YAYAYAYAYAYAY
finally thank god
Damn we really got a new ena before we got ena dream bbq
Our prayers have been answered
I CANT UNHEAR POMNI WHENEVER I HEAR ENA’S BLUE SIDE—
Awesome
imagine a yumi nikki inspired ENA game
mmmm virtual boy
8:15 Ena: "wtf is dat" 8:23 Snakey dude: *does... thing...* 8:35 Ena: "wth is happening here" 8:38 Moony: "whaat?" *continues to consume man inside snakey dude via arm and squarish hole*
The only series that makes me happy to be completely and utterly lost
YOOO THEY KEPT THE DOG FROM THE AUCTION VID!!!!! LETS GOOOOOO!!!!!!
IM CRYING SHES BACK!!! SHE CAME BACK!!
"Am I the one the rhythm can't catch?" Is such a dope line.
what?
OMG I CAN'T WAIT IM SCREAMING AND TAP DANCING
FINALLY
The chapters seem to reference a basic story structure:  1. Display = Exposition/Introduction 2. The Rising = Rising Action 3. & 4. Crescendo of a Descent = Climax & Falling Action 5. Therapy = Resolution  I also love that [Therapy] slaps you in the face with its bluntness, like ENA prbly needs some therapy but I didn't expect it in this series where everything is near-incomprehensible
IM SHISTING
i was thinking about how this episode had a lot of meaning hidden inside of it and then when i saw the end with the moon and the weird wiggly man inside a dog office guy thing.... i felt like this was just a fever dream and im just over thinking it 💀💀💀💀💀
Man, each new animation makes me think there's an alternative universe where ENA was a surrealist 90s point and click adventure.
OMG OMG OMG MORE ENA
I loved this "episode"
Ah yes, the classic Ena experience of what the frick is going on 🥰
Ato 4 terapia: o amalgamo de ossos me deu certas respostas como 1° a Ena ter visitado esse lugar varias vezes, e num momento específico ela disse que ja não era divertido estar ali ou algo assim. Então com as falas do vídeo posso teorizar que foi tudo uma certa crítica a nossas visitas excessivas na internet em busca de se satisfazer novamente com coisas ja ilusórias na nossa mente. Se puderam entender ou mesmo conceber, agradeço vocês por lutarem mais uma vez por alegria.
What happend to their sad side
What I find interesting is no one is wearing their own faces. Ena has 2 faces but one is wearing a mask. I don’t think it’s ena’s wish since she lost her chance last episode remember? It sounds more like she put on the mask when she went in there, and moony would most definitely mention the mask if she came out without it.  The rabbit lady isn’t wearing her own face, instead her face acts more like a mask. Her front part is her outer face while her back part is her inner face. I think this because in one scene she’s giving a judgmental face(?) but her back head is wiggling with joy.  Wall lady as well, she’s crying tears of joy but on the inside she’s “shocked” or “surprised” has she said she was crying tears of joy from something unexpected.  The shadow skeletons aren’t even wearing their own skins, and I think they’re supposed to represent content creators with a few skeletons in their closet. Or it’s just that they’re lively on the outside but dead on the inside. lol.  Then it’s the therapist. he not only has 1 face but multiple faces that make up a face.  I think ena desperately wants to be fully happy but due to her other half she can’t really be that. so she where’s a mask entering the place of “joy” to be fully joyful but from the sounds of it she has gone into that place multiple times and probably also noticed everyone’s wearing a joyful mask and tried it herself this time, but she didn’t feel joy, rather, she felt worse. Without her sad side her happy side has become the unhappy side more cynical, more judgmental, less joyful.  So when the mask didn’t work in the third act and most likely knowing what came next she took off the mask (much to its distress).   The joy in joy is fake more or less. Ena wants to feel real joy on the inside but in a place full of joyful masks that she will never understand she is told to stop coming to joy as they can’t help her.
This episode managed to up the craftsmanship in various ways and go in a new direction, it felt fresh.
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY GIRL ENA HER FACE IS RIPPED OFF..
0:53 mi parte favorita
AAAA
What is indeed the Flavor of today's Voyage
RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I'M ALIVE NOWWWWW
Acredito eu que esse "episódio" seja alguma alusão a internet não ser algo tão "alegre" quando mais adentramos nela, sendo assim uma viagem ilusória. Vou ver mais detalhes a seguir.
I just realized. The thing Ena ding at the beginning of the episode is actually a doorbell and in the background is Moony yelling in reverse "I-NA! I-NA!" Which is most likely what she refers to what was supposed to be ring rong run but with Ena failing to do the running part. I think this is pretty obvious but I still wanted to point it out.
RAAAWRR LO AMÉ LO AMÉ LO AMÉ FUE ASOMBROSO, VALIÓ LA PENA ESPERAR TANTO. ADORÉ LA ESTÉTICA Y LA FORMA EN QUE PARECÍA UN GAMEPLAY!!! ❤❤❤❤
WAAA THE ANIMATION HAS IMPROVED A LOT, I LOVE IT SM
Left with a strange confusion as always after watching this. Its been really long since i've watched ena. But the ending was actually funny lol
Watching this episode even though I did not even watch anything episodes relating to ENA
WUT?
Ik I’m commenting twice lol but just saying Lizzie Freeman also voices Pomni 👍
Literally one of the best episodes of this series! 8:15 was when ENA was like: “what the hell am i looking at.” And Moony’s like “what?”
OH MY GOD JOEL IS ALIVE PPL LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
I remember that's other video 2 Year's
ENAAAA
OMG IT’S BACK THIS IS LITERALLY MY FAVORITE THING I’M SO HAPPY
ENNNAAAAAAAAAAA AGHHHHGGG
I wasn’t even halfway through, and all the designs are excellent. Joel, you’ve outdone yourself this time around and we don’t deserve this art.
1:54 this reminds me of the scene in temptation stairway
Babe wake up,Joel G post a new video about ENA
It’s been so long
Did...did moony kill that man at the end?
wow ena
Elon Mask
ITS TIMEEEEEEE FOR ENAAAAAA!!!!!
Jesus this series is so mid
*Screams in MORE ENA!! AJSHGD!!!*
FINALLY
It’s back hell yeah you go Joel G you legend
Someone get this gal some digital antidepressants!
TURRÓN
Well that was a long wait for this   -ENA
Anyone else has this episode on loop?     2:41 - I love this freakin’ track. I mean those old film camera noises turned into a funky percussion mixing with the beat?  My god it’s one of the many lovely things about this animation
so that's what the point of the mask is
I don’t know how to explain this but ENA is that kind of series that you just get sucked into and you forget that life exists and you have a purpose in life and you just forget all about it💙💛
Fun!
🤝
How funny that this episode came out the day I had therapy myself! Congratulations to Griffin Puatu as the new voice of Happy Ena!
When will the ENA game be released? And have you ever thought about putting other languages ​​in the series like other series?
💀
I love Ena more than I love myself! SHE'S SO SWEET!!! Keep up the amazing work, Joel! :]
LETSSSS GOOOOO 🎉
What the hell did I just watch. Subscribed.
.u o y era uoY .pu it gniksam rouY .edisni syawla s’tI .pu ti revoc t’nac uoY
Guhhuh?!
YESSSSS HE REALEASED IT
Good morning my Ena fans, how long has it been again 😃
wha- new ƎNA video? YES I AM GOING TO SPEND SO MUCH MORE TIME UNDERSTANDING ƎNA YEEEEƎ
Thank you Joel G, very cool
Aww congrats to ENA for graduating therapy 🎉   (Also her name is pronounced eye-na???)
ENAAAA💗💗💗💗💗
I LOVE ENA SM THE LEGEND IS BACKKKKKKK
Yaaaay
excellent! Excellent! EXCELLENT!!!!!
ENA ‼️‼️‼️
Woaaaaaaaiaiaaiaiiiiiiaaaaaouuuuu a a 🫵🏾🥹😔👍🏾
ENA goes to therapy, good for her
NEW ENA CONTENT SIGN ME UP *N E O W*
WAKE UP Y'ALL JOEL G POSTED A NEW ENA EPISODE 🗣💥💥
I love Ena so much 😊
Made me go "wtf" 10/10
Everything it's just so cool, the animation, the designs, the music it's really unique and i love that. Congratulations, you did an amazing hard work, incredible!.
ENA IS BACKKKKKKK 🎉
I honestly felt relief when sad ENA come back to normal and the mask shattered.
1:00 sad ena faking thru the pain </3
she hates her sad side :( she ripped it out
YEEEEAAAAAAAASSSSS
О БОЖЕ МОЙ, ЭНА ВЕРНУЛАСЬ!!! МЫ ВСЕ ТАК ДОЛГО ЖДАЛИ….
what happened to her face? did I miss something?
I think the mask represents something like antidepressants, this why Ena’s sad face is literally detached from them, and not sounding like themselves at all. The five stages could represent the five stages of grief, a play, or some kind of timeline of events outside of their perception on reality (“Display” could be first signs, “The Rising” with those signs intensifying, and ultimately “Therapy” where she ends up leaving her therapist still not fully recovered since her Sad face returns and she stops taking her medication or mask)
IM JUMPING EITH JOT
OMG I LOVE ITT😭😭😭😭
YEAHHHHHH MORE OF ENA AFTER 1000 YEARS
THIS WAS WORTH THE WAIT GOOD JOB JOEL!!!
ENAAAAA IS BACK
Ena voltou finalmente!!
İt's been 84 years
Otra obra de arte, como me fascina este canal
What a piece of art
WEVE BEEN SUMMONED *ascension noises*
새로운 에나 나올줄 알았는데 기본에나 사랑해❤❤❤
5:20 i rlly like how the glitchy stuff doesnt match the fps for the animation around it it makes it look trippy
I am so happy to see another episode of ENA  Missed its derangement
This is amazing. Joel you’ve once again outdid yourself and outdid the fandom’s expectations. We were all patiently sitting here waiting for what we thought would be a crumb of content but this is SO MUCH MORE. Every single thing you put out for ENA just reminds me how lucky I am to be part of this fandom.
ENA has been infected! also love the pre rendered areas like ps1
this episode adds so much new information to ena
The new happy ena voice actor is so good I didn’t even notice it was a different person!
God I wish this was #1 on trending
sweeeet ,pure shot of feelings, i like these illustrations fruits of cools reflections. Good work !
eu deveras aprecio a sua impertinencia
1:35 Is that a Deltarune reference my receptors spy?
Close your eyes during act V (therapy ) act and imagine Dr Markiplier having a session with ENA
Welcome back ena fans
I absolutely adore her little "weeee" noise. It's so funny and yet so charming
Dream BBQ when?? I'm jonesin for more
YAYAYAYYAY
I have been summoned
It’s been 96 YERS
THE WEIRDEST THING I EVER WATCHED but its ENA so its ok
grande joel
ワーィ新作ダー
FINALLY A ENA EPISODE I WAIT SINCE YEARS THANK YOU JOEL G
I never did understand the lore of this game :/
IT'S BEEN 2 YEARS LET'S GO
ENAAA
This episode was amazing purely because of moony's "....whaaat?" At the end then the gmod ragdoll noises
8:20 my lungs I can’t breathe damn it joel I can’t stop laughing whyyy
AAAAHHHH!!!
yay.mp3
i looooooove it i love it i love it ur such an amazing artist
Conhece não faz muito tempo mas amo essa estetica que essa série carrega
Don't try to find happiness based on how other people enjoy themselves. Take the mask off and be yourself so you can experience it in your own way. This is your resolution.
"fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfgdfg, ." -Moony, 8:41
Watching this while tired is a psychedelic trip bro
SR PELO MENTIONED
i feel like this episode might take place before even auction day. ena had the mask, but learned to stop hiding her sad feelings in this epiosde - though in auction day, you can see her apologize when she has an outburst, but that doesn't always happen as she goes onwards. and at the end of temptation stairway, she finally somehow finds her "fun," or something, when she becomes fully yellow on both sides. weird hunch.
YUHHH
ENA IS BACK YAY
It's weird how this episode isn't "purely" weird, the journey ENA goes through in this one isn't too incomprehensible if you pay close attention. Of course, Moony stuffing a man into her face hole *is* weird, however. Good stuff!!
Babe wake up a new ENA episode just dropped
No hay ningun comentario en español?, ademas estaba esperanto este capitulo por mucho tiempo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. ENA MI AMOR❤
OMG ENA EP!?!
YAY
Yes king! Oh yes king! Another ENA video king!
HOLY SHUT😊
OH MYGOD YES
Thank you Joel for this animation, it has earned a very special place on my mind.
FINALLY IT HAS COME!
MOONY WJAT TJE HEYLL 😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨😨
I absolutely love where this series is going! Amazing work Joel and the ENA team! 💙💛
THIS WAS SO GOOD OMG??
puatu is my fav happy ena so far
Thank you so much🥰
the mask only gets to be a plot point for 6 minutes then ENA just gives up and deletes it
ENA!!!
De que se fumo ?
The therapist speaks like my internal monologue on shrooms
Is it me or is ENA acting... *coy* at 3:18?
Therapy makes so much snes if you think about it. She literally has a depressed personality
SAIU NOVO EPISÓDIO EBAAAAAAAAAAAA
YEPI
tendi nada amei
The side eye Moony is constantly giving ENA is so funny to me.
Damn, it felt like a minute. So amazing Joel, this one was really deep.
oooo
I got to feel the uncomfortable feeling of watching an ena episode for the first time again. Thanks for continuing to help me practice accepting stuff I don't understand  edit: Only after watching the video again did I notice moony shouting for ENA to "RUN" when she rang the bell. Good stuff
OMG YAYAYAYA I LUV THIS!!!!! ENA FANS WAKE UP!!!!!!
i've noticed that ena's blue leg likes to move a lot more than her yellow one
LET'S GO
hmmm, I wonder what bill wurtz thinks of this string of videos...
The therapist part actually hirs hard bro
FINALLY ✨
Beautyfull i think this is goin to be the best day of my life
Bro, no puedes mostrarme estas cosas cuando estoy con mota...
SHE'S BACK
woah
Big Yume Nikki Vibes fr.
FINALLLLLYYYYYYYYYY
SO EXCITED TO SEE ANOTHER ENA!!!!! And this episode was SO AMAZING!!!!! It kept a lot of that same nonsensical charm, while leaning a little heavier into the deeper, more existential aspects... AND IT WAS SO GOOD!!!! Gah everyone does SUCH an amazing job on these!!!!
This is just making me even more excited for the game.
babe wake up from your coma a new ENA episode came out
ENA FANS! RISE!
LETS GOOOOOO
ena at the end has the face of basically everyone at the end of all of the episodes.   like  literally  she's becoming self-aware
mom, i made it
I LOVE YOUR ART
I love the surreal unsettling of this. Most ENA videos weren’t this unsettling though, for me.
ENAA is BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
new ena??? I didnt expect that! this one is... honestly I might be reading too much into a surrealist series but i felt like it talked about additions a bit. idk i love this series, cant wait for dream bbq
666~ ENA
Al fin nuevo capítulo
ITS EVEN MORE LIKE A GAME!
So that's my wifi stopped, this banger dropped
ayyyyyyy
RISE
i can smell this video
OMG OMG
"without ur permission, may i check it out?" girl-
OFFICIALLY I REVIVE IN THE ENA FANDOM
The punchline is hilarious. Can we have more of ENA not understanding how pranks work?
Profound? I think
ENA IS BACKKKKKK
These never fail to confuse me  Fun. :)
Wait does this mean the game is coming out????im confused
Thats my boy Beau. As a sentient pile of skulls. Just as god intended
What did i just watch
hi im new here. confused about the parts 0:00 to 9:51. what does any of that mean? thanks.
ENA YOURE BACKKKKKK
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED
It's definitely not in vain that I waited all these years
God, this is brilliant. I hope the game looks like this because I think it looks like a trailer
Did I miss some lore?
Ah, yes, ena nightmare material edition
Thanks for this, I think I can make it to the end of the year now.
Love this
We back boys!!!
My name got in! Wonderful to watch this beauty!
I'm getting a felling this is more like a Gamecore instand of wriedcore. Cool.
I saw the trailer the day it came out and somehow this entire time I've thought it was called "Tower" of potluck
BRO FINALLY
I like how the house of fun was around in a place similar to the game X-scape
Does this mean the game is done? Please?
Episodio bom como sempre yay
AAAAAA
Silly prank goes wrong lol, awesome animation this is!!!
preciso de uma dublagem ou uma legenda com urgencia, preciso assistir ena
another banger as usual i see
as a peruvian and newcomer critic, the existence of ena makes me so proud of being born in my country  latin america is so full of creative people, but not all receive feedback, and the ones who received it dont get the necessary to publish their ideas and the ones who publish them just dont get enough recognition... not even in their own cities  while the most well known latin american creators tend to prefer the "easiest path", which can cause problems in their works quality, therefore the rest of latin americas entertainment industry  ena has proven you dont need to be from a first world country to make something characteristic and viral (at the same time) in a large place like the internet
I hope that ENA find her joy  Espero que a ENA  encontre sua diversão
Absolutely amazing, I love this💖💖💖so philosophical arh
УРАА
AAAAAAA I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THIS MGMFMFMFKFOFKFK YES
WAKE UP DEAR NEW ENA POST
YESSSS
“All I got were incomprehensible feelings and this lousy mask” is me describing my experience as an autistic person
babe wake up new ena lore just dropped
NO WAY ITS BACK, ANOTHER MASTERPIECE IS BACK
This feels like some weird dream I always have!
When Ena said “it’s Ena time” I  felt that
so many cool parts of ena just being ena
AAAAAH, TODOS LOS COMENTARIOS ESTÁN EN INGLÉEE!!!! Los entiendo, pero usa más de mi capacidad cerebral de lo que tengo ganas de usar ahora mismo... Postdata: -Hermoso y reflexivo como siempre... Alto trabajo 🔥
aww ena :( shes all mest up!
Love Ena, thanks Joel 😎🤙
NEW ENA EPISODE B4 GTA6🔥🔥
OMG NEW ENA
Crackpot
mfw ENA Dream BBQ delayed :(  mfw new ENA animation drops sometime after the delay :))))))
Incomprehensible, have a nice day.
GOD I LOVE THIS
Babe, wake up! Joel G made a new ENA video!
yea im not quite sure what happened, but it was awesome
YOOOO WERE BACK?!
I've been waiting for 3 WHOLE DAMN MONTHS
ENAAA
Omg!!!!finally someting about ena
Finally
Ayyy les goooooo!     ENA got a therapist!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Omg i love your animations!!! They're amazing!!
another few months. another ena video to gush over. I wonder if we'll get the soundtrack for it soon
Woah-  I LOVED IT
ENA is back🎉
OMGGG😭😭😭
so cool
Why would you rip off YIIK?
OMGGG MOONNYYY IS BACK!!!!😊
i genuinely think the character designs in these shorts are some the best and most creative in western animation right now, no contest.
I have no clue what I just watched but I enjoyed it and it seemed to cool my brain so it's okay
wow i feel so identified
WERE BACK😍
Missed ENA. This video was…fun.
10/10 episode as always, loved the symbolism of the mask and the visuals were great as ever!
RAHHH YESSSS AFTER 100 YEARS
SHES BACK IN BUSINESS!!
FINALMENTEEEEEEEEEEE MDS COMO EU REALMENTE ESTAVA ESPERANDO TANTO POR ISSO
me when new ena video
You’re as beautiful as the day I lost you
8:35 perfect timing to finally say- CHEESE AND RISE MOONY-!
Это прекрасно, боже!!!!!
YAAAAAYYY🎉🎉🎉🎉
22 часа назад
Youknow I think the whole lesson in this is just that ENA doesn’t find Ring Rong Run to be fun or enjoyable. Moony gets her to come to this house often, she rings the bell, and enters every time for some reason and never finds enjoyment in this. It’s just not that entertaining for her. She tries to find the fun in it, mask her sadness n’ weirdness, tries to understand and pretend to understand, but it’s truth it’s just not fun. And the “therapist” house resident helps her come to this conclusion. She can be true to herself about how she feels about this.   Then Moony eats a guy I guess.
Pog
I HAVE BEEN WAITING YEARS FOR THIS OMG YAYYYY YAYAYA
ENA BACK?????????? OMG
ENA MY BELOVED. MOONY MY BELOVED. Thanks for another amazing video!!!
Turron
ENAAA❤❤❤🎉🎉
Ena
FINALLY YAYYAYAYYAYAYYAYA
HSJSHRJDH IM FINALLY EARLY TO ONE OF THESE AAHGAHS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR SO LONG AND OMG THIS IS AMAZING SHJSJD Ena definitely has to be one of my favorite characters I’ve seen in a while. Her design is so unique and cool wthhh 😭😭
This chould be a game or is it
OWWW
ugh pls pls relese the game soon!! - crying  and on knees-
😳
yay they back
I just like to think this place where they are is just like, the mistake god make when he create thing and when he don't like it he put it here, also Ena is non-binary ? idk but i just like the way she stand in the elevator, when you look on her head, torso, arms, it's normal, and then you go down and realise she have no spine
YOOOOO
Omg i never thought of a New ENA episode i'm so happy!! 😍😍 Thanks you for this, keep up the good work we love it 😁💖💖💗
I don’t understand. But I do some how?
This might be my favorite one so far, this series is so fascinating to me, it's so cool!
ena time
Confused ena is the most surrealistic part
OH MY GOD Mooney and ??? yelling "Run! Run!" and Blue Mask interpreting it as "Fun!" and that becomes their quest
КОНТЕНТ!!!!
Wake up ENA fandom, Joel G posted and the wait was worth it
YES YES YES.
The notification of a new ENA video could wake me from a COMA.
I AM STILL ALIVE ENA FANDOM, IT'S YOUR TIME TO REBOORNNN‼️‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
THAT'S AMAZING
Oh my god I loved this
1:36  3:19 The drawings and animations for Ena herself in this episode are so cool. Very expressive, very dynamic, she’s really serving today.
This show is such a creative inspiration for aspiring artists! I'm so happy I get to live through the indie animation renaissance in real time with pioneers like Joel G and his crew crafting such wonderfully weird animations! This episode quickly became my favourite so far, it's so magical seeing ENA evolve over the years!
Todos os fans de ena reaparecendo lá da pqp depois de 100 mil anos
DANG THAT IS SO FIRE SO PRODU OF YOU AND YOUR TEAM JOEL❤THE FANDOM IS NOT DEAD, COME GUYS, STAND UP AND SHOW SUPPORT!!
Yoooo what, that was pretty awesome as always
WE GETTING OUT OF THE SIMULATION WITH THIS ONE🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥💯💯
I WAITRD FOR SO LONG WJAT
ENA literally me wondering why im still not happy.
LEtS GOOOOOOOO
OMG!!! OMGGGGG
leta fucing gıoooo brrrrr
OMGIGGIHGH
the gmod ragdoll sounds at the end murdered me
YUISYUSYSUYSUSYSYSUS
Yo,ENA's game is going to be really wild 💀
epic
i aint no doctor, but i am pretty sure that half your face becoming a mask on a seven foot rope is not supposed to happen
Thank u for this wonderful piece of media. It was quite the fun
FUN
I don't understand at all I love it
ENA FANS RISEEE
Te kiero muncho ENA me vuelves nahual
why its this the most easy to understand episode so far
WOOH ENA!!!!
This one is pretty damn good
Can someone tell me what this ENA lore means
Something is not here...
8:37 I'm crying 😂😭
I actually forgot about Moonie’s existence lmao
SHES BACKKKK
SHES BACK  WOOOOOOO
I was just in the shower that I slipped and hit my head
Hell yeah
RELEASE GAME ALREADY
Its like Joel G decided that poetry, painting and animation were boring so he mixed them together to create ultimate art. And also, spiced it up with gaming. Truly epic.
ENA
mil anos depois
ENA HAS RETURNED
ENA TA DE VOLTAAAAAAA 😸😸
Lets goooo new ena stuff
OH MY GOOOODDDDDD
Another Existential odyessy into the unknown! Many thanks Joel! Surreal as always!
FINALLY, ENA IS BACK BOYS
ENA IS BACKKKKKKKKK
8:40 WAS THAT THE BITE OF 87?!
schizophrenic episodes be like:  real though, loved this
I dont understand it, and yet, I LOVE IT!
Wow, this episode reminded me SO of the adventure games of late 90's and early 00's, with prerendered backgrounds but 3D player character
ЕБАТЬ Я УДАЧНО В ЮТУБ ЗАШЛА
FINALLY I’VE WAITED FOR THIS MY WHOLE LIFE
i missed ena so much im glad we got a new episode!!
Выглядит классно) Думаю это последний видос про ЕНА, спасибо! У тебя талант, Джоэл.
I noticed how when Moony says Ena's name she pronounces it as "eye-na" and in another video she called Ena "Anna"
Fever dream
0:03 fortnite reboot card
voltou!
Looks like Ena is having an adventure in a 'funny house' 👀
My queen is back…
i think the mask represents “masking”—hiding your true sadness behind a veneer of false joy.  This whole journey, Ena was searching for fun.  And while the mask outwardly seemed to enjoy it all, Ena’s normally happy side was always confused that they weren’t feeling the same.  “I don’t recognize this strain of joy.”  It’s only when she finally allows her sad side to speak that the mask finally cracks and Ena becomes herself again.  Ena is depressed, and is looking for some way to escape—which is why she’s been visiting this place “over and over”.  But at the end she leaves, accepting that this facade will never make her truly happy
I have been summoned.
For some reason this feels like the weakest episode yet. Can't quite pinpoint what's wrong with it but it feels a little over-polished, soulless and somewhat pretentious.
Yes
VOLVIO ENA HIJOSDELPICOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
3:30 this thing looks like a leviathan from ultrakill (and even in the second act) and for 6:11 ENA HIT THE CORNER OF THE SCREEN!!!!!
I feel a bit of fallout 1 in this one
I feel like I actually learned something about depression as well as myself while watching this.
Well I guess I’m going to be late back from my break.
WHEN IS @filmtheory GOING TO GET IN ON THIS???
Alt title: depressed ena enters a strangers house and joins theater
OH EM GEE???
Lol you can hear moony screaming "RUN" after ena rings the doorbell in the beginning.
I’d like to see the online armchair psychologists make theories outta this one, I’ll revel in their suffering
A NEW ENA EPISODE!!!!!! AND ITS AMAZING <3 GREAT JOB JOEL!
Как же мы долго мы ждали и в итоге дождались того чего мы не ждали.
8:36 whaAaæt
I was really going thru bad anxiety /episode  yesterday and i saw this video , the theme i thought would worsen my anxiety ( cuz of oddnes even tho i adore Ena for years now ) im a big fan of this show and honestly for some reason it made me feel so much better about my self the theme just was perfect . So, thanks personally. What amazing timing   Edit  Im rewatching now all settled to re enjoy :)  even tho i watched it yesterday a couple times
AYO THIS WAS KINDA SUS
what the hell is this? (not complaining, i want more)
I ADORE ENAAAAAAA OMG I’M SO EXCITED ABOUT THE NEW VIDEO I’M GONNA CRY😭😭😭
Well Im lost as always.
EVERYONE SHUT UP ENA IS BACK❤❤❤❤❤
i want to plug a tv screen into Joel's brain and see how he comes up with this stuff. you never know what surrealist shenaniganry ENE is getting up to.
ena is always just mind blowing. i could never imagine something so strange and specific, even in my dreams. i love this so much.
ENA my beloved
A new video from Joel G itself. Truly a masterpiece.
THANK YOU JOEL
Ohh
i might be getting too emotional right now
This series is as mysterious as it is whimsical.
I feel like happy tears girl is inspired by A Clockwork Orange
You know is going to be a great day when Joel G uploads a video of our favourite series  PD: I am kinda late to it but is always enjoyable to watch one of Ena's episodes 🎉
Yeah, that place was definitely creepy😬. Glad Ena realized she doesn't need whatever they have to be happy.
you should definitely make this a game
OH MY JESUS NEW ENA VIDEO YESSSSSS 😍😍😍
OH MY GOD IT'S HERE
Just wow
I really enjoy the message. Sometimes the emotional parts of you are exhausting and nonsensical, but without them you are lost.
depois de quase 2 anos, finalmente
The videogame-looking segments like 0:34 are amazing! They remind me a lot of Twinsen's Odyssey, or at least what I remember TO being like.
it feels like im drugs (expected)
How can I become a patron?
Idk what y’all got from this but my interpretation of it is to enjoy authentic happiness even if it’s in the small moments as opposed to trying to find happiness in things that don’t really bring you joy over and over. The mask being ENAs pretend happiness. She realizes it’s fake and that she has no need for it, causing it to detach and shatter. But idk thats just me
УРААААААААА
Its interesting that the therapist removed the mask from her face that was hiding her sad half (like ena was surpressing their sadness and hiding behind a mask). I bet theres some deeper meaning to the video as a whole, but i cant quite figure it out yet
ITS BEEN 84 YEARS IM SO HAPPY THAT ENA IS BACK ON TRACK AND I TOTALLY WASNT EXPECTING THE SEASON TO CONTINUE IM SO HAPPY IM GONNA FXVVCINK DIE
YAYY
Until i realized it was a mask i thought that part of ENA's face had just become sentient and started doing things on its own
HEHEHEJSHWJSYNWHE YES YES YES.
yippe
enaenaenaenaenaenaenae now watch me whip
LETS GOOO
After watching this I can confidently say “huh weird”
A Mask é muito boa, melhor personagem do Ep
Eso Joelin
FINALMENTE ENA DEU UM SINAL DE VIDAAA 🎉🎉
yes I missed this series thing
It's great like other episodes . It's marvelous.
AAAAAA MORE ENAAAAAAAA WOOOOOOO
In summary: Picasso AI has severe depression.
ENAAAAAAA
Wonder what did Sr Pelo get special thanks for?
I laughed with the subtitles 😂 8:41 "fjngdjkfngklfnlkdfgdfgdfg"
The fact that this came out on my birthday makes me like 10X happier<3
WTF is going on?!
(Ena fan resurrected) IM ALIVE
Muy extraño pero bastante entretenido buen trabajo joel eres the best ^^! *le da una crisis existencial-
0:55 so what do we call her anyway? The fun bun?
LESGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ahh ENA I missed you so much <3
Beautifell!!!!!!!
the ending song gives me kirby vibes!
totally understood that edit: rewatched it and was going to leave exactly the same comment before seeing that I already did.
O POR DIOS NO E VISTO NI UN SEGUNDO Y YA SE QUE VA SER LA MEJOR EXPERIENCIA DE MI VIDA WAAAAAH 😭😭😭
Funny rag doll sounds
My soul is happy now :)
как всегда, на высоте
ENA as a character has been so consistently extra that having her simmer down and describe something as mid feels like a big step forward
this is the type of show that should air on cartoon network
AAACKK NEW ENA OUT
Ngl, After a long time waiting, I'm happy now :D
WHAaaat
EVERYONE WAKE UP! NEW ENA!!!!
wish i could go back in time and show this to surrealists
OMG
ENA was able to get her feeling under control which is such a cool concept to see after following her story as this dramatically emotional character with such immense mood swings. Shes definitely my comfort character to which i relate a lot and this video just made my whole look out on her even more sympathetic!! Great job Joel and the team!! Your creativity never dissapoints!!
It's been a while since the last ENA video, and it's just as straightforward and easy to understand as it has always been
Dude, this episode has so much symbolism. To see a philosophical discussion about achieving happiness being built beyond all this weirdness contained in ena’s art is magnificent. I love it.
There are two kinds of indie animations  The kind that's good for people who want to turn their brains off  And the kind that was made by people who turned their brains off
wow
what?
CUENTA EN ASCENDENCIA!
Good job with the ena episode! Now we just wait 200 years for the next one…
ОНО ВЫШЛО
I always find joy in seeing ENA going through mind altering, fabric of the universe changing stuff only for Moony to reveal they were playing smth silly like hide n seek.
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
God I felt so nostalgic I haven't watched your videos in 2 years
WOOAH MY BEST DAY^^
I realized that she only wears the mask when she is around people and when she doesnt the mask drags her to places. The mask is never dead unless she acknowladges that its a mask
This was absolutely beautiful, thank you so much Joel and everyone else involved!
Idk if am high or this is the video but anyways i love it
Extrañaba a ena!!!
I don't know why, but I felt as if Joel was trying to reflect himself in this video. I hope he is doing okay\great <3
Truly an acid trip of the mind
It's my hope when it's finally time for the barbecue, that it'll be just as trippy as the potluck. ;p
FINALLY AFTER ALL THIS TIME
just gotta wait for "Ena-Power of Potluck explained"
YESSSSS
blink and you'll miss it
🎉🎉
Omgggg
Ena... going to therapy?? Well there's a plot twist.
LETS GOOO
Hold up what is pelo doing in this one ?
IT'S REAL ENA HOURS BOIS
gbhunbufd i was here
It’s been 800 year since I’ve heard that voice. Ena is here
💙💛
I’m watching this at 2:01  and I am already loving it
each "episode" of ENA gets more and more abstract and surreal!! I cant wait to see how the game looks once its out!
МЫ ЧЕ ДОЖДАЛИСЬ
вся русская нация ждала этого
This shows even more how good dream bbq could be, ena fits right into a game
НЕВЖЕ ВИЙШЛО
K beau foster sounds like markiplier
i ADORE  the changing up of which kinda video game ena is in, now it's 2.5 D with unvoiced characters and menus
This new ena game looks fire!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
THE QUEEN/KING HAS RETUUUUURRNNNEEDDDDD
WOOOWWW
days since reading bipolar disorder subtext into ena: 0
compensation for dream bbq
It is never lost forever.  Thank you Joel
The person that voices happy ENA voices one of the big bads in BNA and I was NOT able to tell from his voice that is SO incredible
REVIVE EL FANDOM SISISIS
Babe wake up new ena episode
Ena is very awesome thing i've ever seen
ENA!!!
This was the best one Joel. Every single design was astonishing!!!!!!!
ours after a long time is back
FINALMENTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Esto es arte
Yeppie
Has anyone noticed through subtle hints, Merci and Robert's true translated dialogue and the weird things Moony did in this short that there's signs suggesting Moony is a psychopath? Plus the weird snake looking thing was pointing at Moony with its tie before regurgitating the emotionally distressed guy that Moony pulled in after Ena was getting weirded out and suspicious. Also there was the bag headed guy running away out of Moony.  EDIT: I also forgot the scene in Auction Day where Ena comments that something Moony said was weird, then Ena proceeds to ask Moony "What's wrong with you?"
watafak
SHES BACK AAAA
What a real treat!! This was a fun watch!
AĤHHHHH
Ena’s back!
YESSSSS
3:19 Watch as the amazing ENA DISSAPEARS!
Came for the ENA experience and vibes.  Left with a therapeutic and cathartic episode that hit me really hard.
YAY
0:12 spoiler          Ena rang the doorbell at the beginning, Moonie was yelling "RUN rUUUUn!" because Ena was just... there. The ending explained after a rewatch...
Babe wake up new ENA episode dropped
ENA'S BACKKKKKKK
É engraçado que eu cheguei ao final do video sem entender nada
i say it once and i say it again this is what I kind of feel what cyberspace will be like one day
I Just love Ena so much She Is so pretty, her character actually helped me when i was going trough a rough time and She still is
Ena searching through so many ways to find joy or pleasure, either through acting, hiding, a dance of death and displaying for others, mindless activities... It's kind of amazing how uncomfortable an abstract character can feel in a world of senslessness. I love how stuffy the building actually managaed to be, compared to outside. HOW DOES SOMEONE CREATE A STUFFY WORLD IN A PLACE OF RANDOMNESS??
AL THE TIME WATED. WAS WORTH WILE
A  stranger series, but the strange turn this series so unic
I think moony has an addiction 😆
ENA IS BACK‼️‼️WAAOIWOOO
Moony honey let the poor man go-
ISNT MOONY SKINNY? WHY SHE IS BACK LIKE THIS
ENA has an animation style that takes you to another reality with each scene making the viewer more involved with the story
Que grande Joelito, no puedo esperar a que la gente empiece a a adivinar de que trata este viaje de depresión y busqueda de autodescubrimiento (mejor expresado como viaje de drogas)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA OMG MY FAVORITE SHOW IS BACKKKKKKK
😟😐👍
ENA IS BACK !
⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️ENA4LIFE⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️
8:15 this part is amazing lol
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA
AAAAAAAA
ragdoll physics
это прекрасно.. я не зря живу
YESYESYEYSEYZ!!!!! 🥳🥳🥳
I don't know. Must be a taste thing, but I feel like this one just missed the mark compared to the last two. It doesn't have the same sense of wonder and intrigue.
OMGGG😢🎉🎉
Es tan grato tener devuelta una travesía de Ena , ame
0:35 ITS BACK FELLAS
8:38 me when my family finds a dead body in the attic
i like dog
YES ITS HERE
Yippeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
BY GOLLY ITS BACK 🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
Absolutely in love with this series! So happy that another video has arrived!!! I love seeing all the interpretations of this community 💛💫✨
BABE WAKE UP, ENA IS BACK
英語で頑張ってセリフの内容読み解くので、いつか日本語字幕もつくといいな
que saudade
8:41 ah yes,  hl2/sounds/physics/body/*.wav   A familiar friend
Glad it’s still a fever dream
JOEL EU TO CHORANDO MEU DEUS DO CRU
i dont know what was going on but i loved it
whaat?
Can't belive Joel G got W. Churchill to voice the skulls guy.
ЭТО БЫЛО ВЕЛИКОЛЕПНО
since when did Ena find gemini passive item?
After 6420 years Also was ENAs blue side the mask?
この時を待ってたんだ😭😭
BRUH
Remember when video descriptions somewhat described the video? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAH
OMG FINALLY
ENA FANS RISE UP
Oooooooooh yesssss! Ena!
Are you not entertained, ENA?
5:32 winston churchill jumpscare
GOODNESS GRACIOUS MY ENA PHASE IS DAWNING BACK UPON ME
Amazing like always
one must imagine ena happy
NO WAY GUYS NEW ENA EP DROPPED WAKE UP
🥴✨🥴✨🥴✨
Just yesterday I started watching Ena again, and today they released a new video. What a good service 😺👍
FINALLY ANOTHER ENA VIDEO!?
ENA FANS EATIN GOOD THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!!
Han pasado 84 años pero al final
She's...always putting something in her hole.  😏
TODO EL MUNDO DICE QUE ES HERMOSO PERO LO QUE NO DICEN ES LO QUE MEJORO JOEL JAJAJS,ya dejando el tema esta hermoso :D
YAAATTTT IM SO HAPPY THIS IS AMAZING
YAYAYAYYAYA
ENA FANS RISE UP
FINALLY NEW ENA EPISODE
행복하다.. 😊
I must've missed something. What happened to ENA's face?
A fever dream as always, incredible
Yaaaaaaaaaaahhhh🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
I think this is the first time we've heard blue Ena speak normally, from what I remember, everytime she speaks its actually her black and white manic mood, and our brains just remember that blue Ena is sad, but we never actually see her blue and speak in a slightly sad and confused tone, this is the real blue Ena when she'd not bottled up.
I have a feeling you should colab w mashine girl idk js came in my   head  What.
WAKE UP BABE NEW ENA VID
УРАРАРАОАРАОАР Я ДОЖДАЛАСЬ!)
Oh my god finally
ааААА ДОЖИЛИ
ENAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YIPEEE
🥱
ENA MY BELOVED I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
っぱこれおもろいな
We've gone from exploring maps to above-view 3d RPG maps.
felt like watching the last epsodes of evangelion
It sure is a good thing that this ENA isn’t voiced by Gabe Velaz. Gabe can go burn for the abusing he’s done.
THE NEW ENA VID IS HEREEEEE3333
YOOOO
Oh my!
Hurrah!!!!!
SHES BASSSAAAAAAAAAAAACK
6.873
this feels weird and mentally unstable,l love it
Woohoo on my bday too!!!
I still remember how this series was not named ENA at first but people gravitated to Ena (me included) that the whole series started to revolve around them
WHAT WAS THAT DUDE IN THE END???
Whao
These are always so psychodelic, i love it!
the first time the character models properly creeped me out! Yall keep outdoing yourselves with the imagery. ENA's acting this time around feels much more... human? relatable? love it to bits.  also, "May I visit the next act without your permission?" is probably the most (h)ENA phrase I've ever heard them say lmao
NO WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! CRYING CHILD FNAF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 8:30
Where is her horizontal strap!?
Муни снова потолстела...
ENA goes to therapy
Honestly, with every passing video my headcanon that ENA is autistic just keeps getting stronger.  Especially with the line: “and all I got were these incomprehensible feelings and this lousy mask”   Like she’s incredibly confused by her emotions and her surroundings all the time, but puts up a front to help her survive the nonsense
8:41 Gmod physics be like:
It’s like that mask is a way of masking the sad feelings of ena behind fake happiness that’s why it’s separate from her being and also why it replaces the sad side though within its mouth you can still see the sad eye.
Day instantly made 1000000 times better
Omg I can't  believe  that ena is back after 2 years! BTW, the end with gmod sound was funny. XD
OMG IT HAPPENED!!!
Não tem dublagem PT BR e nem legendas PT BR? Amazing Digital Circus 1 X ENA 0 (meme. Mas bem que poderia ter)
Watching this masterpiece for the fourth time since it came out
ENA🟦🟨🔇⬜
It's hard to notice but you can hear moony saying "RUN!" In the beginning
OMGOMGOMG NEW ENA VID NEW ENA VID NEW ENA VID PMGOMGOMG
やっとENAをまた見れた　ﾔｯﾀｰ
Ha space and time warping into its self is funny.😮
The earth opened up, the angels sang divine rhapsodies and Gaius Julius Caesar himself rose from the dead to announce that the 4th, dammit, episode of ENA was released!
When you think that ENA can't get any better, there's this masterpiece.
ITS BACK
OH MY GOD
Yippeee :D
ENA IS BACK YES!
ENA IS BACK  I REPEAT ENA IS BACK
YES THE MOMENT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
IT'S  HERE 🎉🎉🎉
o_O *vomits perfusively* i love this episode <3
Are... Deltarune and ENA in the same universe?
Didn't ENA get rid of the blue part and Moona “changed”? i guess it is a prequel
LETS GO MORE ENA!  My brain is melting
It’s been….81 YEARS
the final part of the video made me laugh so hard
ENA IS BACK
Goofy
“Special thanks to Sr Pelo” now that’s a connection I never would have expected
Sr pelo special thanks jumpscare
ENA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ENA!
NO MATTER THE WAIT IT WILL BE WORTH IT
perplexing
NEW ENA VIDEO LETS GOOOOOO!!!!!!!
não entendi nada, muito legal
I waited for a very long time. Joy and Abstractness of Concepts. But as for me, it’s not always the best, but now it’s old stories. In the present, ena has become too simple and straightforward without a share
truly amazing
OH MY GOD ITS BEEN SO LONG YIPPEE
make this a game
Simply amazing, Joel
I can't wait to watch youtubers hyperanalyze this
It’s back! And we all missed it.
OH MY GOD
I'm kinda scared of this episode, because i got the message, yet i can't decipher if every episode has hidden meaning since the start and i just didn't get it or if this episode was an introspective exception.  I'll rewatch the whole thing the same way tho
ty Joel for yet another masterpiece 🙏
At the beginning of the video, after ENA touched the door, i think i can hear Moony's voice, screaming " Run, ENA. RUN !"
When a prank turned into a therapy.
I love this short film Discussions about happiness and fun are not new and the answers have already been found, but surreal images and a certain sense of loss allowed us to feel the existentialism of this question.
AUUAGAAAAAA JUST WOKE UP FO A NEW ENA EP IM GOING INSANE
❤❤ Welcome back buddy
random thing that i’m going to put out into the endless dark void of the comment section here about something i thought of ; the dark figures in the act who seem to be the actors in a way , i belive that , since they are a figure on the outside and bones on the inside , i thought of it in a way like “ SHOW THEM YOUR BONES !!! “ or just in a way of someone telling you to show off your heart , the most important thing , where everything goes on , the only thing you’ve got, too show it off to everyone  it could also mean that those characters are so devoid of everything , they don’t even have a heart to show off , just structure  sorry if this is as weird as this video , apologies and i will now go back to sleep _
Hi
better than digital circus
Nice
this feels like a representation of an overreliance on drugs, as someone currently experiencing one this clicked perfectly with me. the way therapy talks to ena makes me feel like they regularly "seek fun" (in my current case, dissociationg via hella weed 😭, or in theirs by entering The Fun Dungeon)  this was incredible, and i think i gotta go on a t break lol
ITS TIME FOR FAN ARTTT
That little animation with ena walking backwards was so devious. I love it
FINALMENTEEEEEEE
Potluck??? Yeah i pot is so lucky i'm bout to speak russian after i smoke it Слава КПСС Партия ум честь и совесть эпохи здорово и вечно
it is absolutely necessary to place space above space. this is an ideal form of fun comparable to the ideas of reincarnation into a marginal entity. and when your body, taking the form of the work of your tomorrow's dinner, finally comprehends the zen of the bike path. get ready for a fun adventure.
Out of all the ENA episodes I've seen up until this point I think this one made the most sense....until I got to the end and was looking just as confused as ENA was💀
FINALLY, FINALLY. ENA IS BACK OH MY GOD.
IIIIII HAVE BEEN AWAKENNNN
Am I the only one who kinda misses the OSRS noises?
Lovely as always ^_^
This was great, but that ending. THE ENDING. *WHAT.*
Guys i think ENA is in hell in this video
I waited for 10 years and its amazing
interesting how the previous ENA episodes weren't trying to say anything, they were just completely surreal, this one does have a message
7:09 how little they are? is my fav part
OH YEEEAAAH
Why do I relate to this so damn hard?
This looks like an old Nintendo ds game and i love it so much
What a year for animations on this site 😊
MANO 💥💥💥💥💥💥
OMG AFTER YEARS OF NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING
Man I love Ena
Picasso would be proud 😌
ENA ENA ENA ENA ENA ENA
OH MY GOD???
0:15  this is well all begins......with smooth animation. :)
This makes me think of yume nikki in the fact it always confuses me but I do enjoy it even without understanding
While Ena and moony play a game of tag or hide and seek Ena finds theater of joy so Ena enters think gaining happiness that also the reason why her sad mask is here and always it always see everything as happy if Ena dose not think so because it starve for happiness anything if it has some what joy in it and that reason why Ena gose the theater again and again because what it want an inf joy but Ena dose not find happiness here every act every person dose not make Ena happy so after how many renters of theater the owner of theater just come to Ena and said this place is not for you and you will never be happy here that make end "blow" her mind rethink what is joy to here because that mask is gone it was like parasite forcing ena what to do and after Ena healed herself of this starvion the parasite was gone  I want to point something out that moony is quite weird in her acts in all these eps her home in drug inducing world ,she was able to reach "I forgor his name" and wish her wish Before end in tepmtion stair and now she has someone locked inside her bag bro this not normal and I think Ena think so to
Someone's hidden detail unspoken language that it's so... Personally censored that can be interest to find it but not to stay with. ENA, you truly have a way of keeping secrets in plain sight. Nice
YIPPEEEEE NEW EPISODE 😛
Cada capítulo de Ena me sorprende más, es bellísimo
WTF IS GOING ON 🔥🔥🔥🔥I didn’t expect another Ena episode today, but it looks so cool!!!
I feel like we now have more information about ENA as a character themselves, she could be dealing with depression and hiding it with the mask, though we can still see some hints of sadness in this episode since whenever the mask is speaking its extremely exagerated, almost unrealistic, and when her actual face is speaking it doesnt truly sound happy, almost as if shes forcing herself to try and be happy.  At act V, her mask finally explodes, completely revealing her sadness and so her true emotions, we can no longer see any sort of fake happiness from her as she confesses her true feelings and thoughts about her and her body, finally showing signs of weakness to someone she feels like she can trust
I would play this game
Astounding
SHE FINALLY GOT THERAPY, LET'S GOOOO.
Babe wake up Joel G uploaded a ena video
YESSS FINALLY , MA OPEN UP THE TV , JOEL MADE A NEW EPISODE!!!!1!1!!1
I really felt like I could find something resembling meaning while watching this one, what the actually heck was that ending though? 😂
síiiiiiiiii😭😭😭😭
NO WAY NEW ENA VID DROPPED 16H AGOOOOOO YOOOOO!!! I love these “series” eeeee
YIPEEE YIPEEE  YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE YIPEEE  NEW EPISODE
IM SO EXCITED FOR THAT GAME!💖💖💖
It is a masterpiece...
ENA FANS WAKE UP! NEW ENA CONTENT JUST DROPPED!
Así se ve Hylics 3
ena here is just how people react when i try and show them ena
this is oddly specific for an ena episode
The legendary drug trip returns.
ENA GOES TO THERAPY IS THE BEST POSSIBLE OUTCOME THANK YOU JOEL
new vid is so good cant wait for dream bbq
what happened to ena? hald of her face detached and is hangig on by a cord of some sort, her veins?
AAAAA ENA'S BACK
I am very exited
yo wtf is the lore behind this shiz
OMG NEW ENA CONTENT
WAKE UP EVERYONE!! NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED!!!
Está súper cool hermano 10/10
Somehow, it makes me very excited to see the isometric perspective even if it seems to show how much Ena isn't feeling like herself. I really love this one! Thank you for sharing, and for all your hard work!
it's rad
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY THIS YEAR. TURRONNN TURRONNN TURRRON
I almost pee from excitement :')❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
I’m in awe and this is so stunning. I genuinely have no words at the moment other than, “I love it. Again.”
FREAKED OUT WHEN I SAW THIS
OMG NEW EEP!?
FINALMENTE VOLTOU
ENA THE IS BACK
ENA IS BAAAAACCCKKKKK. :D
HENIDHC SHAGBDNDJDHHDN
Just as weird as always. Man, I missed ENA
I love the symbolism in this one, the way ENA positions herself in the camera to hide her sad side and the literal mask she puts on to hide her sadness.
YEEEEEAAAAAAH
Its been sixtren hours and theres over a hundred thousand likes
WE GOT THE NEW ENA EPISODE Y'ALL WAKE UP!!!
I don't understand how he comes up with these many ideas for every video!
YOOOOOO
Un episodio nuevo de ENA es como si tu cumpleaños y la navidad se mezclaran
IM RAISIN FROM MY SLUMBEEEEEEERRRRR
My interpretation is that every act except the last is a representation of the stages of life where we find joy. The first in connections or friendships, the second in work or promotions and finally sharing the experience of your life with younger people as you get older. Finally, the only solution was to go to therapy and discover that it is impossible to have joy all the time... And although we convince ourselves and others with a mask of happiness, we must understand that pain is organic and exists so that there is joy.
COME BACK ENA FANS! THERE IS A SUPRISE
I understood absolutely nothing in this but the animation and music were amazing so I kept watching. It was worth it.
This series reminded me of the "Avant-Gardists" (games:Vangers) and night episodes in the park "Nu pogodi" (Soviet animated series). There is something about this simultaneously oppressive and peaceful environment
isso é um jogo ou uma animação???? tô tão confuso :0
digital circus could never
woot woot im watching thissss
Wake up babe, new ENA episode dropeed
Rise
ITS SO PRETTY!! NEW ERA IN ENA!
Man, they really had a drastic gameplay change with this installment of ENA...  speedrunners gonna have a hard time, here.
we're so back
Wow que increíble!!!! ME FASCINA EL MUNDO DE ENA !!!❤
OMGG THIS IS SO GOOD I LOVE ENA😍
ENA 😭 YES ITS BEEN SO LONGGGGGGG
Zo cool, Vinally Ena returned!! Iay
DEPOIS DE ANOS MEU DEUS
people. its a new episod?
the biggest surprise to me is that ENA is pronounced eye-na and not ee-na
joel what in the great runas' name were you on when you came up with this. joel 'hourglass dawg' guerra. what were you on and where can I get it.
AHHHHHH ITS SO COOOOL
ENA IS THE BEST
Does this mean ENA's world is a performance she plays to entertain herself? It feels like that's what Act V is saying when it asks her the "flavor of today's voyage" like it's all been done before.
YEAAAHHH!! I WAITED THIS!!
WHAT HAPPEND TO HER FACE 😂😮
YES
An amazing piece as always but the lack of viuce acting is severly felt
IT’S BEEN YEARS LET’S GO
I DIDNT EVEN WATCH IT BUT I LOVE IT
IT really was much closer than I thought!!! What a treat! We even got a Looking Cool inside the Elevator scene! I really enjoyed the characters' facial expressions in this one 💞😄💞
файнооооо
the fact that enas happy voice had to go through 3 voice actor's 😭
here is another moment of wtf i just watched
There is no way that ending made sense I refuse to believe
ENA FANS WE HAVE RISEN
OMG FINALLY A NEW ENA EPISODE SNSZDBFKZJDHELF;JSD, HZKLDXR AAAAH FINALLY!!!
ENA FANS RISE UP YAAAAY
Btw, I absolutely *ADORE* the Fallout 1 & Fallout 2 style isometric-view segments. Filled me with oh-so much nostalgia! :D
Quite bizarre, though the fact the therapy skull collection said that "You've been coming here persistently" may be significant to the lore
LETS FREAKING GOOO!!!! YEEEAAAAHHHHHH
УРРРО
Here by accident. I don't regret. I'm absolutely blown away by these series
It was good to see Ena accept that she can't always be happy. It kinda felt implied that she wished to be happy from Runas, so for her to realize that is really no way to live is really satisfying. Hopefully in Dream BBQ(assuming that IS the same Ena) she can come full circle, maybe find reasons to be happy. 🤷‍♀️ SO grateful for the new animation!
ena
YESSD FINALLLYYY
WHAT
what
YOOOOOO ENA MY BELOVED
ENA is back babyyy!
Ahh! I love this style of '90 and early millennium PCs! Wish someone recreated that style into some app themes, but I guess it is not popular enough or it would exist already.  Thank you, for the bitter joy - that is your art with its style
Why does the skull therapist  remind me of something id see from a chowder or flapjack episode?
eu não estou acreditado mas a única coisa que eu quero agora e uma dublagem!!!
YOOOOOOOOOOO
NEW ENA EPISODE!???!?!?!? ON MY BIRTHDAY!?!?!?!?!? YOU SHOULDNT HAVR
The power of the gospel
Looks like quality content is back on the menu, bois.
Im new here and i dont really know what this is but i love it! Ive seen pictures of ena around and i always wondered wherd they came from!  I love how out-of-the-box this is!
I got to feel the uncomfortable feeling of watching an ena episode for the first time again. Thanks for continuing to help me practice accepting stuff I don't understand
the game style of this episode’s animation makes it my favorite
man i must have ate somthing fucken weird
EEEKKK NEW ENA EPISODE IM SO HAPPY
i don't really understand anything but its holding onto my eyelids
I'm sure all this probably means something.. But these videos always freak me the hell out, I can't watch this..
I've just started Hylics, what a coincedence
deltarune lookin ass elevator scenes  act _ (definitely ultrakill idc what you say)  gmod ragdoll physics (at end
It could be a metaphor to our attachment to technology. "Joy" was attached to her almost the entire time, reminiscent in how we always are on our phones because they bring us "joy". She's detached from joy once she is in therapy, she's put her phone down. The therapist emphasizes to find joy in the small things. I believe he's talking about enjoying life for what it is instead of a constant stream of content.
i do so love that moony apparently canonically just stuffs whatever in her eye hole
ENA RETURNS!
頭おかしくなりそう
La coneja me hace acordar al traje de marinera. Extrañe tanto a ENA ❤
I love Ena's voices, her default voice in particular is so cute and soothing. Perfect character design.
I was not expecting a source ragdoll collision sound.
If you watch this video on a phone, at exactly 8:18 the sides of the screen turn Blue and Yellow. Amazing.
so strange… i like it
i thought ENA was finally happy in this episode.
Isso é tão lindo 😭
wtf is this im so lost
FINALMENTEEEEEEE AAAAAA
ENA NATION RISEEEE
cool
Gosh.. the characters and world designs never fail to amaze me.. I wish to achieve this level of creativity and skill somedays
I'm high watching this
YIPPIEIEIIEIE
BABE WAKE UP NEW JOEL G ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED 🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯
ENA FANS UNITE
..YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
MY FAV EPIDODE OF ENA SO FAR!!!!!
HOKY SHIP, MORE ENA
Jesus Joel G i think you’re sweating a lil too much
Wait. how is sr pelo got to the credits?
That was actually amazing!
I liked it
Yeay
My question is,who is potluck?
waos.
HELL YEAAUAUH
Wow a new part of this ENA series
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS IVE BEEN WAITING
ура новое видео
Anyone else hear a cheering audience track in their head when Moony came on screen
Yes
1:45 old windows pipes from power saving screen 💀
I like this story! I’d play this honestly
ENAAAAAAA💙💛
What did i see? That be very strange, but interesting.
Damn, new ENA episode, new rendering look
Headcanon: This happened all in Ena's mind after making her wish to the great Runas, eliminating her blue side, and whenever Ena says "CHEESE AND RICE MOONY" she's not referring to Moony turning into a bipedal person, she's referring to Moony's brutality in dragging the random ass being through their square hole. Right after she says that, she goes back to where she actually is. The concept of fun and happiness is her internal monologue of having to get rid of her bad side. The Runas grants wishes, but the wishes require Ena to *learn" the concept of fun and enter it into her being. She has made many wishes before, and has even tried to do it herself, which is why skeleguy says "You have been here many times before. You need not return here. This is your resolution." effectively getting rid of her blue bad side. The mask is a metaphor for Ena trying to cover up her blue side by trying to act happy and "normal" (As normal as Ena could be in her very screwed up world), and her referring to it as a "Lousy mask" shows how tired she is of covering it up. She simply just wants to get rid of it.  But yeah. I think too much about things that really have no meaning.
HI🎉
ENA FANS UPRISE NOW!!
can someone explain to me why  moony is normal and not like the previous episode and what that parasite is that ena has attached to her face?
When next hands up animation pls we've been waiting for two and a half years
IT CAME BACK TO ME AAAAAA 😭🙏❤️❤️❤️
happy to know he's still on the run like others indie animators
maybe the real joy is the friends we make on the way
God! This is so talented, so amazing. I just LOVE this atmosphere, even if it looks like nothing makes sense  Can't wait to see more and learn new things about Ena💥
I love ena will all my heart
Don't you hate it when you go out to the theater to have fun, but you recieve the therapy you needed for a long time instead?
❤❤❤❤
HOLY SHMOLY I'M NOT SUPER LATE FOR ONCE.
Just like the "Pot of greed"     *Some things are WAY too powerful*
JOEL G ILYSM OMG
You really make the coolest things
8:40 HL2/Gmod drag sound
벨튀하지마😅
FINALLY YOU'VE POSTED.
I'm scared
New ENA's ep~?! OH MY GA-ÆA-AÄÀ... ĀÅ. . .Æ . . .ÆÅÅ.. . AÄh~!   I'm so hyped~! 💜
MARKIPLIER?!?!!!???
Wtf did i just watch 💀💀💀
FINALLY!
God i love how cool the 3D environment and ENA look! The mask design for ENA is so cool too
WE ARE SO BACK
I love how weirdly cool this series It's like a fever dream you end up enjoying
OH MY GYATT
Where’s sadness??????? I can’t wait till dream bbq comes out❤❤❤❤❤❤
LETSGOOOO
I LOVE ENAAAAAAA
ЧТО
This episode was literally ENA learning to unmask in therapy
WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW
Дайте пожалуйста перевод, я не знаю английский (((((
fire
YIPPEE MORE ENA
Ah Yes *Trending for Gaming*
this episode is fundamentally different from all the ones that came before it if [THREE] was a level above [TWO] and [ONE], [FOUR] is on every level after those
amazing episode! though i can't help but notice that the transcriptor of the CC has made it their mission to have each and every subtitle just be a _little_ bit off.
ena seems a lot more coherent than usual in this
"por mais que eu sinta a diversão do público, não sinto nada mudando em mim" Isso me pegou de surpresa
wow, I'm early to this one
NEW ENA FINALLY RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
I find thid the best and most interesting ena episode to date ! I feel like there's lore that i can't understand and that's okay tbh, the feeeling of being explained something inexplicable is great in itself !!
Omg ENA jugando al Ring Ring Raja
I WANT TO PLAY ENA pls
Long time no see.
MINHA SANIDADE ESTÁ VOLTANDO🙌
YEAAAAH ENA IS BACK 🎉🎉
this is amazing man! can't for dream bbq!
cade o jogo? 😠😠😠
DUDE WAKE UP FROM YOUR COMA A NEW ENA EPISODE DROPPED
eu amo esse estilo de arte toda estranha e que deixa os pelos todo arrepiado mais namoral quem não gosta de um simples ou complexo mistério
ena voltou não acredito depois de muito muito tempooooooooo to louco pra ver teoria disso
The rag doll sounds XD
ENA!!!!!!!!!!!!! 💥💥💥💥
what it feels like to have the tism and try to stay optimistic all the time :'3
Ena learns that sometimes sadness can be happy.
no one else will say it but i will. I love how Moony just drags stuff into her hole, gives a lot of context to previous episodes( also I'm not sure but i think that it might symbolize that Moony has a addiction).
Yay!
ENA THEORIST WHERE YOU AT I NEED ESSAYS RN
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Omg it become like game
Thank you. I had fun!
Nss ACHAVA QUE ERA MITO Q IA TER EPISÓDIO
I can't believe ENA finally went to therapy! 🤯  That was an awesome animation! So many things going on! Each ENA episode is a unique experience. 🥰 Can't wait to play Dream BBQ.
New episode ???
So apparently, this day appears to be the best day of the year huh? How entertaining (among with the day when dream bbq trailer was out)
Ohhhh CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY FINALLY MORE ENA
OMG FINALLY!!!!! ITS BACK!!! WHOOHOOOO
I have so many questions
HELL YES
let’s all love ena
What? Drags body
OMG ENA is really back in this video, which is great for ENA fans like me! I feel like this is a real game with a really cool layout!! 🙀🤯
Watching Ena is like playing that one really nostalgic game, Its so nice and weird at the same time
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE
I'm afraid to ask this at first, but when did she separated her face
OMG THE DANCY XHARACTER PERSON WITH LIKE THW PLIT BIDY IS SUCH A COOL IDEA I LOVE IT SM WTHHHHHH AMAZING ONCE AGAIN!
I MISS YOU ENA❤❤
OMG
All of these years for 10 minute video, lets go!!!
HURRAY IS BACK
ENA: My job here is done Moony: But you didn't do anything ENA: 3:20
8:40 *insert gmod.exe here*
Ena at the end: i'm t-t-tooo tiiiiired of this bullshiiiii-
And yet another fantastic show of excellence!! Well done mates :)
ena is cute again today
8:29 IS THAT THE UN-BITE OF 23'?
Weirdly enough, it makes sense the second time you watch it
that was fun
FINALMENTEEEEE
ENAAAAAAAAA!!!!
YAy!! YAAU
What is ENA ?  And what is her story?
I’m convinced that this is all gameplay footage from the new game
Who knew that a pile of skulls could be a better therapist than his licensed counterparts
YAYY ITS BEEN A YEAR
HELL YEAHHHH!!! ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER SLAY ENAA!!!!
Ena walked so digital circus could run 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
FELLAS WE'VE BEEN SUMMONED
As always. I didn't really understand what was going on here, but I liked it
WAAHHHOOOOOOOOO
YIPPEEEE 🎉🎉🎉🎉
That was abnormal . Why create things to make those laugh? Your filling who or what with to much of that joy crap the ones above keep sending, quit it, you make people like them look bad don't you, I bet you like that, especially when they're on the fishing line.
New ena video before GTA 6 is crazy tbh
8:43 did mooney just hit him lmao 🤣
Woah! New video? Ohh yeeah.  Happy viewing! :3
Yeeessss ✌🏻✌🏻✌🏻✨✨
*To all ENA fans... ASSEMBLE*
New ENA just dropped
WOOOO
Create a whole game to make an animated series about it. This is a chad approach to the concept of art.
BABE WAKE UP RN NEW ENA VIDEO NEW ENA VIDEO!!!!💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🙏🙏🙏🙏
A
COMO ASSIM A ENA NORMAL VOLTOU?!?!?;
WHAT YEAR IS IT
NEW EPISODE RAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅💥💥💥💥💥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥‼‼‼‼‼‼‼
Полный бред мне нравится 👍
Watching Ena while high is an experience
ENA BACK ENA BACK
Damnnnn
7:02 BUT SERIOUSLY HOW LITTLE THEY ARE?😢
RAHHHHH💥💥💥💥💥
Reviviendo asi bn aesthetic
I feel like this hits harder as an autistic person with the whole masking and alexithymia going on (not every autistic person has alexithymia its just something I and some others experience)
3:26 *_my paralysis demon seeing what horryfing things i have done today_*
I'm sorry but 5:46 with its' "[ACT V: THERAPY]" just made me laugh lMAO- But, that aside, wonderful episode, and a really neat surprise that nobody expected, me included! I like how the wishes of ENA and Moony from the last episode were pretty much nullified. I wonder why's that so?  What I also like is the fact that the whole episode is ENA realizing that fun isn't constant, but is not lost forever either. Also the whole episode can be summed up as "ENA goes to therapy", lmao, which I also love - she deserves the therapy.  Good job to the team once again!
やっぱ好きだわこの世界観
MOM WAKE UP JOEL G UPLOADED!
wow sooooo coollll
Huh they aren't talking
This is without a doubt my favorite piece of ENA content so far. It feels like the visuals are pushed the furthest they’ve ever been, with incredibly realised animations, models and renders all perfectly fitting in and elevating the retro style. The voice acting, music and sound design are superb like always, I’m a HUGE fan of the character designs, and the tone of it all is still so absurd, but in a way that’s barely cohesive enough. I love this !
I LOVE ENA
FINALMENTE!!! FAN ITALIANI FATEVI SENTIRE
God I love all the bizarre creations
EU TAVA ESPERANDO TANTO PO MAIS UM EP DE ENA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I don’t think I’d like living in this universe 😐
YIPPEE AMAZING!!! ❤❤❤
THR QUEEN IS BACK LESSGOOOO
Love how those series is touching on all the weird game aesthetics of old 3D PC games. First we had mostly 20 with pixelized 3D, then we got 3D spaces with 2D sprites, and now we have top-down full 3D! Loving it!
=)
RAAAAH NEW ENA VIDEO DROPPED
ждал больше чем своего дня рождения
Her/His face was something creepy, now it's totally distracting, and gross xD
This remind me of Yume Nikki I really love it😭
WOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOO   This is so good. Love it!!!!!!!
SHE’S BAAAAACK :DDDDD
WOT
ENA IS BACKKK
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
God! What's a beautiful characters! The halfed dancing queen had steal my heart!
Ah ues! Reality! This is very much real!
FINALLY
Que maravilla seria si tuviera pistas de audio a lo THE AMAZING DIGITAL CIRCUS, pero quitando eso, de locos la animación.
🔥🔥🔥💋💋💋💋💋💗❤❤❤❤
guys funfact enas voice actor the blue one is actually voicing pomni
Sabia que la parte azul era como una máscara pero....
OH MY GOD
Wowee
Hype
Cariño despierta, hay nuevo video de ena
Gmod sfx funny
LETS GGOOO ITS BEEN 100 GADILLION BREHWOWILLION CENTURIESSS
YEAAAHHHH
BABE WAKE UP, A NEW ENA EPISODE DROPPED
Hi
Por finnnnn!!!!
ENA FANS RISE UP
Ena getting therapy is the most shocking plot ever
The TRUE Joy is in to VIEW
Did anyone notice the special thanks of sirpelo?
WELCOME BACK ENA, ALSO THIS IS SO GOOD WHAT
LET'S GOOOO
hell yeah
YEAH IT'S BACK AND I DON'T GET IT
so true
This Is SO 1980-WEIRCORD-HORROR-THEAMAZINGDIGITALCIRCU-HORROR-HORROR😊
nice!
I love the isometric perspective instead of the usual first person view. Would love to see it used more in the future
Welcome Back
So ENA tried being happy all the time, with the 'mask' only reacting positively in new situations, while the true self remained skeptical. Finding fun or happiness is never a journey with a set destination, but in small moments in our lives. ENA wishes there were more, or if they could last a little longer, but eventually comes to this resolution.  Also I love that only now do we get to see ENA get sus over someething, even though her world is the definition of surrealism
FINALLY AFTER 1 TRILLION YEARS SHE ARRIVED
wheres moon? either way this is amazingly good  Edit:nvm I just got up to moon now lol
WOAH
1:40 Reference to cyriak's "Cobwebs" video 5:43 I think This face is a reference to cyriak's "Seven billion" video
Good to see this masterpiece is still being worked on.
alternate title: ENA gets therapy
OOOOOO
The face made out of skulls is oddly comforting….
I'M FEELING WEIRD
I love the fact that skinny moony is hiding inside the original moony.
What??😂😂 ENA's charm is that she's confused I love it
It's the 29th now, but this was posted on my birthday (the 28th) so yeah, best birthday present on accident ever probably I think.
WOWOWOWowowowowowowoowow My gratitude noble lariat, your joyous feelings of the mind bring cooling breezes only a poor sovereign like myself could emit in such devolving times.
I imagine this is what the gameplay of Dream BBQ looks like
新作来たー。今回も全部可愛いいい
ITS BEEN ALMOST 3 YEARS
:3
NO WAY UHUUUUUU
WAKE UP. JOELG POSTED AN ENA VIDEO.
i love it, i love the animation, i love how aware ena sounds too
This is way more confusing than any of the other ENA episodes
Did they try to prank a therapist?
ena is back🔥🔥🔥
エナちゃん可愛い！！！！まじで
YESSSS
hooray‼️‼️ ena‼️‼️‼️
It still fun to watch ENA after i come back❤
💫Amazing lore 💫
THIS WAS REALLY GOOD!! IVE BEEN WAITING AGES FOR THIS IM SO HAPPY 🎉🎉🎉
It seems the mask is the therapist’s attempt at giving Ena a more positive outlook for her sad side. But ultimately, it is just that, a mask of unhealthy emotional repression.  Or  This is an unhealthy side effect of her wish from temptation stairway.
Wholesome.
Urah!
Так чудесно!
This makes me think of abstract art but actually good lmao but Fr why do people think throwing squiggles on a canvas belongs in a museum is beyond me and the fact that people buy that st to is astonishingly stupid.
YAAYYYY FINALLYYY💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞  I LOVE ENA💗
WAKE UP EVERYONE WE GOT FED
8:04 SNORTING
YAY IVE BEEN STARVING
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
It’s been 10 years daddy and you have brought the milk thank you
It’s 3:33am and I’m waiting this life has never been better
Боже, как же вы прекрасны!
YOOOOOO
i like the back and white witches hat person
I love ENA
New ENA episode just dropped 🔥🔥
YEAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!! ENA!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
This is most certainly my favourite episode, its such an interesting exploration into the mind of Ena, the animation and art especially is unlike anything we have seen in other episodes
The animation quality already being insane off the jump threw me off
ав ав ав
Can you add Japanese subtitles? Like the other ones
Omfg my fav series are continues
FINALLY ENA EPISODE BOIIISSSS
ITS ABOUT THAT TIME
All the episode analyses in the comments here are great and all, but I think people are neglecting the importance of the mask. Sure, it's Ena's sad side, but dig a little deeper. It's *eating* her sad side, and it's talking all happy. I think we can derive Ena's wish from the Great Runas from this, to always have fun. Ena often gets in the way of her own fun with her wild mood swings. But, desires are never fulfilled nor quenched. The mask is a veneer of happiness. One that finally breaks at the end. I think Ena is a representation of bipolar disorder, maybe. Before, Ena swung between a manic side (yellow) and a depressed side (blue). But by removing the depressed side, when Ena was done being manic and off the walls like she normally is, she's left just... I hesitate to say normal but, I guess just, dull. And then she managed to find her way back to depression. Though, less sad and more... Nothing. And it's in this state we follow her through the episode. Actual clinical depression. She tries desperstely to find that joy, to feel happiness again. But it's forced. It's a mask literally made of her depression. It's only by accepting the sadness as part of her that she's... Probably feeling back to normal? I guess we'll see in another 5000 years when Joel G blesses us with another episode.
Nothing has quite captured the feeling I used to get from point-and-click adventure games as a kid in the late 90s so much as ENA. It's so perfectly surreal in atmosphere.
This episode feels like a commentary on masking mental illness and therapy. It might be obvious but I'm no Sherlock so I'm glad I noticed that at least
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I don't know what it is, but ENA seems a lot more sentient in this episode, as if she's out of place in this nonsensical world now. Your mind truly is something Joel.
Would.
This video gave me just the boost I needed to finish up my homework for the night!
COMO ASSIM ENA TÁ DE VOLTA??? NÃO CREIO!!
This needs some… explaining to do about… this… whatever the heck is happening here…
It's funny how you can hear Moony screaming "RUUUN!" at the very beggining😅
i can fix her
ENA ARE ALIVE!!!
The only episode that makes the most sense if im honest
Gente... Esté muchacho es como el sr pelo, son unos maestros de la animación.   Y veo, que todo ese esfuerzo y arduo trabajo. Valió cada maldito segundo
YEASSS FINALLY OMG DAYUM💀💀☠️☠️🤑🤑
Why is ena so cute😢❤
Did amazing digital circus come from this
This is amazing! God i thought this fandom dried off, but the fandom never dies
Nice
Гойда братья
YAY, NEW ENA VA 😊
EARLY GANG 👇
Mooney made a wish to be thin, didn't she?
Yarrghh
I never get tired of the ena style is so mysterious and surprising i love it
WHAT
Okay but ENA smiling with the mask at the start is super cute
"Am I the one the rhythm can't catch?" Well said. 3:44
the npc characters in this one were just absolutely gorgeous!! I love absolutely everything about the ena series, but still what stands out to me are how unique the character designs are. feels so incredible good in my soul
We love skull grandpa.
EEEENNNNAAA WOOOOOOOOO
WOopa WOOpA
It's been 1 quintillion years...
8:41 Sounds of HL2 ragdolls are always it's own kind of joy
This episode really speaks to me. I’m diagnosed with bi polar disorder and recently I went through a stage of “hypomania” which is a pre manic stage that makes me feel really really happy and that I can accomplish anything , that everything is perfect and I’m super confident but… yea my hypomania is slowly changing lol so this episode really reminded me of how I’m still searching for joy and it feels so different now
I got the pursuit of pleasure seeking lead delight to delirium and ENA needed therapy to get back
IT'S BAAACKKK!!
Wow! A new amazing ENA animation! I'm glad the wait has been worth. I enjoyed the usual lack of continuation (being able to watch these short movies seperatedly and inidividually is very cool) and the new sort of game mock style, though I do miss the old 3d type movement, even if it wouldn't have fit very greatly in this one. I'm glad ENA herself got to have an emotional discovery, good for her.
Ulysses was right about ENA's wish from last ep - "WARNING: desires are never fulfilled nor q-q-quenched."
MOOOOOONYYYYY
THANK YOU GOD
FINALLY GUYSSSSSSSSSSS
2:56 Undertale here?
YESSSS I LOVE IT SM YOU DID GREAT JOEL G💥💥💥
c: hapy
me when the
❤it's perfect
YEEY HOORAY, YUPPIE YUPPIE FINALLY 🎉🎉🎉
ЧОЧОЧОЧОЧ НОВЫЙ ЭПИЗОД
The character design in this is SO GOOD
NEW ENA DROP??????
WOAHH
THE MUSIC IN THE END IS A BANGER YOO
かっこいいし可愛いしキモいところも好き🥰🥰
It’s been so long!!!
ТЫ ЖИВОЕ 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Sui!!!!!❤🎉
FINALLY SHE IS BACK!!!!!❤
Babe!! Wake up!! New Ena video dropped!!!
What the heck is the rabbit thing
OH. MY. GOD.
BABE WAKE UP ENA IS BACKKKKK 🗣️‼️‼️
I watched it and was not expecting anything! Definitely relate to ENA when it comes to try and have fun, even if I'm not feeling it. 😅 10/10 video! 💯
sort of feels like mario rpg meets yume nikki
What are the names of the characters she meet? Nevermind, saw VLIF's list of soundtracks
Wow
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO
I'm getting massive Yume Nikki vibes from this. Also, reminds me of the bizarre point and click adventures of the 90's
I love the therapist character and the genuine confusion on Ena's face at the end.
Just slept like 2 days straight this is AQ3SOME to wake up to
OMG
💀Because it's a joy you still don't understand💀
WE WAITED 2 YEARS, AND WE WAITED FOR A NEW SERIES OF ENA
this perfect
エナ戻ってきたの嬉しい
What the hell is even that?
✍️✍️✍️😱
LEEEETS GOOOOOO🎉
This is somewhat the first time we're out of ena's view and new with the isometric view
OUR DELIGHTFUL HALLUCINOGENIC IS BACK!! Whoopiiie!
I just wanted to say that I love the design of the bunny character, the fact that from the side view they look cut in half, but when they are viewed from the front, they look complete!!! I just thought that was so neat!! It reminds me of those optical illusions!!!   ㄟ(≧◇≦)ㄏ
Is this the game?
8:12 Ena just look very cute and more expressionistic in this part 😭💖
YES
the good continues
**sees this in my recommended** **faints**
i am so high right now help me
fever dream yumyum
8:30 FNAF REFERENCE OR SMTH
As someone who was born in the year 2000, but played a lot of 'retro' games when I was little I get a strange nostalgia form watching this, not only because of the graphics, but also the writing, as a lot of the games that I used to play where in English or Japanese, neither of which are my native language. Reading the dialogue in ENA and trying to fully make sense of it feels a lot like how it felt to do the same with those games when I was so young, I could barely read my native language, let alone English. Not that the writing is bad, no, quite the opposite in fact.  I hope to see more of this series in the future. (ᵔᴥᵔ)
Ena is unique, that's why i like it! (i also love her fan art also-)
no way
Loving how Ena is taking therapy and working through her issues! nice to see! :)
ВОЙНА ОКОНЧЕНА Я ДОЖДАЛАСЬ НОВОЙ СЕРИИ Я так соскучилась по голосу грустной Эны...
THAT WAS AMAZING ENA EPISODE! I liked the Ena walking towards the curtains part and the 8:40 part XD also can't wait for ENA dream bbq.
My honest reaction to this information:
Oh damn...how long has it been?  A new episode
I still understand nothing but I love it
ENA x Pomni collab when
I never knew pots and luck  goes so well together.
ENA FANS WAKE UP
You can't believe how hyped I am about the game
THIS IS SO COOL !
NEW EPISODE!! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
I laugh at the people who try to find meaning in these. It is always so pretentious. Like all the post modernist critics are. I just enjoy the animation.
OMG JOEL WE MISSED YOU
those textures and atmosphere damn
Hey guys, now we know why moony has a random item in her hole, because she grabs it with her hand in the hole.  is that the same arm from her thinner form?
THE ENA IS REAL
OH MY AHHANABS
I'm so excited for Dream BBQ. This has only added to my anticipation of events to come.
new kino
I'm confused is this a video game?
I love ENA videos, this one is super cool I really love the character designs :OO
I love watching the very beginning in hindsight so much: both of ENA's voices talking in unision, and the psychedelic animation of her pressing the doorbell.
i can't tell if these are the old or new voices
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
You guys did such a great job! I always love the animation, voice and everything you put into these!!
Am.. am I dreaming or is this really a new piece of ena content
Rip mask sounds :( 6:28
this provided me with jollity
This was amazing
No way ena here or jena?
Rise my child rise! To realize your true potential! Unleash your power and awake the eyes of the world...
Hot take: this video is not about philosophy, theology, phycology, sociology nor art. It's just a how to get a job guidebook.
It's as if the blue part of ENA has infected the yellow and their emotions switched or melded into eachother.. like a sickness? Oh. Ah I get it "masking". Gahd I hate that word...   Also I honestly thought the therapist was markiplier. Very nice voice acting Foster.
Babe wake up. New ENA just dropped.
hi
Evoulution
Ждём субтитры 🦥
holy crap lois
СПАСИБО ЗА НОВУЮ СЕРИЮ
3:21  goes hard af what the hell
Cheese and Rice, Moony!
1:56 she is seeing the illulu within the delulu......... that is so crazy.............
Bae wake up, ENA having a mental breakdown again
Nice
This is all kinds of wow... I am really impressed at every artistic element individually that made this video up.. Such  a masterpiece.
I like ENA doesn’t mean I understand it
Potuck
I want an Ena Point and click adventure game!!! That would be so awesome
Thank you.
I just woke up holy comely this is pretty radical
I forgot this
ENA FANS, RISE UP‼️‼️‼️‼️📢📢📢📢📢🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
OMG YESSS
It flashed away in just a moment, though a moment i shall remember for a lifetime
Comments: full of ENA lore Me: haha moony go klepto fill void hole like Glendale centaurworld hehe
ENA FANS COME OUT AGAIN
ENA FANS RISE WE HAVE BEEN FED MORE EPISODES
Just as incomprehensible as i remember
AINT NO WAY!!!! FINALY
ENA <3
It’s odd how insightful this episode is for ENA. Detailing that they have issues feeling emotions. They say themselves that while they recognise that the mood of the room is happy, that they aren’t feeling it themselves. Even after changing their sad side to one that’s constantly positive with a mask. Their detachment from emotions they feel like they should be feeling isn’t a product of something that’s “wrong” with them, that’s just how they are
This dropped while I was at work and I had to wait like 6 hours to watch it. God, it feels great to finally do so! This was a great appetizer to tide me over until Dream BBQ!
I am glad Yotube is algorithm recommended a series that is a physical manifestation of my childhood dreams and nightmares I love it 😁
I really enjoy the thematic of masking sadness, it's really good :)
🤨🤔
Sr.Pelo was mentioned !
I really love how it really seems like a game we're playing
ENA
NEW ENA LORE!!!11 YIPPIEE!!!
WE ARE SO BACK!!!!
That ending was strange   It was as if Ena was becoming self aware of her existence and realizing how chaotically awful it must feel to exist in this digital nightmare world.
I SAW THIS AND SCREAMED OMG ENAAAA
HELL YEAH NEW EPISODE
i actually love how low quality the high quality animations are
Seeing this in 3D and the game type of quality is awesome-
I’m okay with.
It took me 2 times watching this to realize what just happened. God, I love these animations and the art.
This is great, finally
We are so back
Wait what happened to Moonie’s new body?
OMG NEWWWWNE W NEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Ohhhh Yeeeees the masterpiece came back... with a one blue piece, together!
sheeeesh
OH MY GOD ENA IS HEREEEEEE
Looks like the creator went wacky goofy again...
ENA goes to therapy (real)
i can't imagine what it must feel like to watch this while high
It made me so happy to get on YouTube and see that you uploaded a new video. This was insanely well done and I've already rewatched this several times now. The amount of attention to detail and passion is really evident
NOW THAT IS A HAPPY B-DAY 😳😳😳💟 OMG THE DAY'S PERFECTION SO FAR
YEYEYEYEY ITS BACK ELE VOLTOU
This one definitely feels creepier than all the other episodes, It seems to exude a bit of a depressing aura which I believe its what they were going for. It seems sparse like a party that has just ended.  I wonder if there is a metaphor here for finding meaning throughout one's life. First, young people find meaning through seeking out new experiences (represented by the film girl in the wall), then later in psychosocial development people often attempt to settle down into a role and find meaning in doing things for others. (As eluded to by the shadow children and the skeletons.) Towards the end of one's lifetime, death nears which seems to be a theme with all of the skulls present.   This is just my guess, however. I'm not sure if this wonderful piece of art should be interpreted in the first place.
It's ALREADY OUT!?!?!?!?
4:30 Acts III & IV seem to reference Plato's Allegory of the Cave, more specifically the Crescendo of a Descent into said cave. In his allegory, "The Cave", Plato describes a group of people who have lived chained to the wall of a cave all their lives, facing a blank wall. The people watch shadows projected on the wall from objects passing in front of a fire behind them and give names to these shadows. The shadows are the prisoners' reality, but are not accurate representations of the real world. The shadows represent the fragment of reality that we can normally perceive through our senses, while the objects under the sun represent the true forms of objects that we can only perceive through reason. The audience may find joy in the entertaining distraction created by the show of shadows, and that audience includes the actors themselves along with the entirety of humanity. They take comfort in the shadows, for in the shadows, they may acknowledge figments of enjoyment and pleasure without ever facing their incomprehensible feelings.
incredible
こんな早くにENAを観れるなんて！！！
Been quite a long time since I’ve last seen Ena
Simplesmente incrivel.
4:25 OML Snufkin in ENA confirmed???
エナを久しぶりに沢山見れて本当に幸せです😆♥！！！
When Joel g uploads it's always a good day
Mooney get a partner?
NEW ENA AYAYAYYAYAYAYAYAY
WHAAAAAT ENA????
I was about to put on my sleep music and saw this.. I chose to watch this. I need sleep.
WAAAAAAAAAAHHH ENAAAAA
alway got to love the confusion in this :D
This look of hers 8:21
i love more ena
i cant believe we got this and a new fesh pince on the same day what magnanimity
So wait does slim moony just live in head moony's eye now?
AAA YAYAY A NEW ENA VIDEO
Ah, a good old mind $*&#'
Insane video❤❤❤
Ohhhhhhhh my God!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think the meaning of this episode is that people looking for hidden meaning in this series are looking in the wrong place
wow new ena episode
That source engine ragdoll sound effect at the end was choice.
The skeleton face gives me Forté from Beauty and the Beast Tim Curry vibes !
As always, a surreal fever dream that I can always enjoy <3
WAKE UP BABE JOEL POSTED AGAIN
YAYAYAYA ENA
.
OMGMGMGMGMGMG NEW ENA UPLOAD!?
Ok, so I have a hypothesis about the lore. Every time Runas comes to Ena’s…land? Whatever that place is called, after every celebration, the setting goes through a major overhaul, getting a new look and feel. That is why this feels so different compared to the other three videos.
What an GAG moment at the end haha, when the person came out from it's mouth, Moony getting confused about that person and starting to drag him inside her and slap him.
またガラッとテイスト変わったよね　FF感と言うか、モーションが多くてヌルヌル動く感じに
OOOOOOPPP
I MISSED ENA SO MUCH
omg i literally grabbed my hair when moony came i missed her
Much love for ENA, much love to Joel and the team ❤️
ena and moony!!! they’re back!!! :D
This will show non stop in my fyp 😅
At first i thought she literally ripped off her sad side
does anyone happen to know the programs vlif used for the 3D? its really good!!!
Wheres TIVa?
NEW EPISODE LETS GOOOO
the fact this is so smooth scares me
OMFG I LOVE THIS AAAAA THIS WAS *HELLA* WORTH THE WAIT - Y'ALL DID SO GOOD FR 🙏🙏😁😁😁😁🤯
Another certified hood fever dream that I will hold near and dear to my heart
AAAAAA, FINALLY IT'S HERE!  This episode is amazing! The mixed visuals are beautiful! I loved the elegant bunny lady.  Also I can't wait for the Dream BBQ! But please, take all the time you need with it.  By the way, I noticed the arm of Moony's "new, thinner form" popping out of her hole in the end, so I quess it is still inside of her?
AHHHHH NO SE QUE DICEN SE INGLES PERO ESPERARE LA TRADUCCION
Ena fez aquela terapia de hipnose
A cryptic, existential, acid trip of a video. God I love this series
AHHHHH FINALLY ITS BACK I LOVE IT!!!!!!!
NEW EPISODE⁉️
i love the RPG-like view we get when ENA moves around- we get to see the entire room and it's awesomeee
Is this actual gameplay?!
it's canon now; ENA doesn't walk, they float
Turns out this entire time, Moony doesn't have random things stuck inside her square hole thing, but instead thats her arm and she likes to grab random things and pretend that it's her arm...
YAYYYYYY NEW ENAAA
you don't know the noise i made when i saw the word Therapy showed up dramatically
I just WOKE UP OMG???
AAAAWAWAWAWAWWEAWEAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!! ok 🙂
Ураааа
God dang, 4:18 really gave me some serious flashbacks to vibribbion from the PlayStation. Been a bit since i ever thought about that game
AT LAST, THEY HAD RETURNED!!!
NEW ENAAAAAA
La ilusión que m ha dado ver esto en mi inicio❤️‍🩹
I love how the rest of the acts all have really obscure and interesting names and then Act V is just called therapy
Slay
YESSSSS YAAAAAAAAHHHH FINALLY
YESSS!!! ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM JOEL G!!!
Ok, but can we talk about there was *literally* a human at the end of the video?
Still easier to understand whats going on than Sanitarium
What fans of TADC think they have.
Power of POT ... Of Greed!!
4:18 reminds me a LOT about Yumme Nikki ( or Dream Diary ) Becayse of the creatures that seem to be made just with tiles and norhing else
Finally
What is going on
This is surprisingly appropriate right now
3:18. БОГИНЯ УХОДА СО СЦЕНЫ, Я ПРОСТО В АУТЕ
It's been so long.
Да как это происходит, я начинаю интересоваться проектом по которому давно не было официальных видео и через пару дней уже выходит новый ролик!
LETS GOOOO
YESSS WE’RE BACK GUYS!!!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤
This is absolutly asTOUnding perfectly simmered and grasped at the essence of the moment truly inpirational work coming from your brimming minds o(^▽^)o
These never disappoint ❤️
\o/
Thats like the most comprehensible episode so far. I understood the message somewhat.
WE GOING TO RISE UP WITH THIS ONE 🗣️‼️‼️💥
The plot thickens
TURRON
WAKE UP YALL NEW ENA EPISODE DROPPED
8:15 new meme unlocked
no idea what just happened but I mean it’s ENA so what can I expect
What? *source engine sounds*
Moon dragging the man at the end was just straight up PERSONAL  😭✋  Justice for random guy 406 👇
Моя Энна вернулась как долго я ждал этого моменталюбимый мир абстракциаеизма что же будет дальше🎉❤
i have no idea what any of this is
I remember in the 3-rd episode we found out that ENA was wanted to get a wish from Runas to become happy. I wonder if it's the alternative way of her journey on such purpose, more chaotic and realisticly hard.        Also that gmod ragdoll sound killed me at the end XD
can we get a game
YEAHHHHHH NEW OG ENA VIDEO!!!! this wacky series (and ENA herself) is so comforting to me.
I'm not clever enough to theorize on the story, but something I can say with confidence is that the secondary characters ENA finds throughout the videos are always so interesting and unique, really charming in their own weird ways. That's my favorite part of these.
Rise and shine everyone new ENA episode is out!!  Also dang I love the aesthetics of this episode.
This episode was surprisingly deep ngl
best video ever!!!! I'm the world's biggest ENA fan! Yippie~!
8:41 MOONY NO WHY??!
ITS BEEN 100000 YEARS
Свершилось, Господа
heya santy, I can't know for sure if you are going to read this one day, but I do know that you are going to watch this, its been a while, I just hope that you are doing well wherever you are, just know that we miss you lots :)
YIPEEEEE
Like a game of clay monkies
I am absolutely confused.
WAKE UP! NEW ENA EPISODE IS OUT!
Oemege
Wowzers nicely made. No clue what the ending was but eh was expected lol
ураа
Ah yes, the return of satisfactory confusion once more. My appetite for such delicacies had nearly dried up.
ITS FINALLY HERE
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! I'M READY TO CRY WITH HAPPINESS! MR. GUERRA, YOU HAVE SIMPLY SURPASSED YOURSELF! DO NOT LOSE THE TASTE OF ENA, THE SAME, UNUSUAL FEELING THAT YOU ARE GOING THROUGH THE PATH ONLY SOLELY ON EMOTIONS, NOT EVEN FULLY UNDERSTANDING THE SPEECH OF THE CHARACTERS! PERFECT, DELICIOUS! EXCLUSIVELY THE LANGUAGE OF FEELINGS! IT'S JUST ENAZING!
Salutations ma‘am it has been way too long of a timeframe 🚬
Words cannot describe how much I adore this series.
Oh my gosh!!! YOU END ALL YOUR SUBS REMEMBER ENA!!!!!❤
Holy cow it was worth the wait
The vibe I get from this one is that this can be a metaphor for "masking", a term used to describe people on the autism spectrum who attempt to hide signature characteristics of the disorder. Most notably the mask is kinda... parasitic in design, and seemingly has "locked" the blue 'side' of ENA, which is notably the side that is prone to meltdowns and behavior that Moony has treated as more rude and annoying. 'Blue' doesn't come back until after the weird 'link' combining the two is severed, and then she is quite open about her negative emotions.   Overall, very nice video, I absolutely love the designs, the mask itself, the weird chopped up bunny thing, the weird skulls therapist thing is cool, and I love the 'overworld' animations kinda resembling more of a strange 3D third person game (another notable detail about the mask is that it kinda "leads" ENA in certain directions.)
Este es el video mas raro que he visto 😅😂
I LOVE ENA RAGHHHH!! TY JOELG FOR POSTING THIS WHILE WE WAIT MAN YOUR AMAZING!!
Collabed vlif!!!!
Oh em gee
I’ve been waiting for this moment!
I love how expressive moony is in this!
The new yellow ena va is so much better than the previous one. I love this new one.
I think...I just had an aneurysm...
ENA IS BACK LETS GO
What did Sr Pelo do on this?
Is ena ok?
My interpretation is that after temptation stairway, instead of getting rid of her sad face, she just manages to conceal it on a mask that mimics happiness while literally chewing her depresive antisocial self. She tries to have fun, but fail's to understand what is about. In act I, she doesn't get how funny actions and the amazement you get from them are supposed to give you "fun", on act II she understands that people flow along with that "fun", and while her mask pretends to have fun alongside them, inside she doesn't understand where's the "fun", to her all the expresions remain bored. On act III she becomes the source of "fun" to the audience, showing a funny silhouette while her inside remains dead, and act IV is about how, even though she gets pleasure from the audience's praise, she can't get the fun she's been looking for, finally breaking, her mask no longer concealing her sad side In act V her mask is desperately trying to hide her evident sadness, and once she gets therapy, she destroys her mask and aknowledge that she just can't feel fun.  To summarize, I think the mask is a representation of her denying and concealing all her sadness and atempting to live a 100% fun life, but in the process she lost the meaning of what "fun" is supossed to mean. in the end, "fun" trully is precious when it's in balance with sadness, is it's scarcity what gives it it's value.  Or perhaps, ENA's weird and has no repair, I'll have to rewatch the video a couple dozen times just in case i missed something. I really love these series.   pd: VLIF's dog-horse thing at the end is the first time I hate a character in these series, but seeing ENA makes my day so I don't mind, I hope you keep up with this amazing work
chat is this real?
favorite one so far
4:10 ENA. There is SOMETHING behind you.
I CANT ARTICULATE HOW EXCITED I AM OVER THIS I LOVED IT I WILL NOW scream AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ЕНА...НУ НАКОНЕЦ-ТО
*I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS JOY*
woah i love this!!!!!!
YES
It's cool to see a demo of Dream BBQ in between the animation. Always wondered what the game would look like...
WHAT A GREAT AND MARVELOUS BLESSING TO BEHOLD THE GLORY OF JOEL G!!!!
5:33 💀no way he just hitting us with the
These are always amazing ^_^
7:48 I missed you ❤
ENA IS BACK!
ELA VOLTOU, ELA VOLTOU 😭😭😭😭😭
absolutely
Absolutely fantastic episode. I really loved it.  Ena just want a fun journey. But no matter what to do, sometimes you just can't find any happiness, even if you are happy. Or instead, you end up creating sadness.  Just like my current situation. I want to be happy, draw it, and show everybody, but it seems like nobody cares. I just want to find happiness, but it turns into sadness.  And 6:22 , either happy or sad, I just felt for Ena. VA really good job.  And thank you, Joel G. Creating this masterpiece.
Oh?
FORGET SLEEP NEW ENA VIDEO JUST DROPPED!
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
god i see so much of myself in ENA, this episode made me realize how much i try to hide myself from others  also gave me the energy to make a meatloaf at 10:30 pm after i was going to bed without food lol thank you for making these!!
YAY MORE ENA EPISODE
YAYYYY HOLY MOLY ENA BLESSING LOVE U JOEL G!!!!!!!<3<3<3<3
GUYS WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE!!
Wow I understood exactly none of what that means but I sure had fun watching jt!
FIRST RELEASE AS A NEW FAN !!!!
8 hrs ago 😅
I’m gonna have to watch this again when I’m… more awake and ready to comprehend.  Right now, I’m blown away by what I saw!! Thank you so much for all your hard work!
YYEYEYEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAHAHAHAHAHH
Can i get a 10 hour version of the rabbit song
Yeeeeeeees!!!!! Perfect. 🎉🎉🎉🎉
It's been 84 year but was it worth it? It was worth the god damn second!!!!!!!!!
OMG YESSSSS
Ena new immersive sim.
Ena
ENA
RISE UP!!! I MISS YOU ENA WELCOME BACK
quedó epic!
Finally, its here
my brain can't process any of this
This game is going to be incredible 😭❤️
ME ENCANTA LO AMEEEE (*´-`)
Feels like this is a commentary on social media, isn't it?
This whole episode is basicly ENA's theraphy session instead of her usual acid trips.
another banger
Uh oh! It's time to return to the Ena fandom again
That rabbit really looks like a takena design if you look at the face
ENA takes place right next to Amazing Digital Circus. Application neighbors
It’s back  :D
AHHHHH MORE ENA AHHHHH
Confusion is normal. We all just gotta live by it rather then force upon ourselves an answer to explain our detachment. Heart of the art and heart of the soul and all that jazz, you dig me? Mumbo jumba-mumba, This particular viewing experience was a wonder to my expectations.  Never have I been so thoroughly flummoxed beyond my wildest thoughts, but in my faulty understanding, I indeed found my joy. Truly an ENA. Enough said, Enough said!
NEW ENA NEW ENA NEW ENA NEW ENA
Even more horrifying than than the previous ones.
I LOVE ENA SMMMMM I STARTED ALMOST CRYING WHEN I SAW THIS
OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMOGMGIMGOMGOMGOMG
It’s insane how much talent goes into Ena. Absolutely no dissatisfaction coming from any Ena video.
N ENTENDI UM KARALHO SOBRE OQ EU ASSISTI MAS FICO FELIZ COM A VOLTA DE ENAAAA 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉💥💥💥
MR JOEL GUERRA OH MY FUCJING GOD
6:51 "Fun is quite the elusive varmint - isn't it? But remember: it is never lost forever. Often, the greatest of fun can be found in the little moments." Wise words indeed.
Persona 4 golden after I keep replaying it to feel the joy I love to help me cope as a friendless loser irl saying I dont need it anymore as my resolution should be to harass people by ringing their doorbells
ENA? 🥶😨🗣️💯💯⁉️‼️✔️✔️🔛🔝🔊🔊
I can hear pomni (she's also the same voice actor as Ena btw)
Oi ena sua linda
This is probably just me, but is this a euphemism for drugs? No idea, just something that came into my head.
I love that Moonie's distorted voice is shouting "RUN!" at the beginning and "ENA RUN!" When she starts snapping out of the trip.
The freak is back
AGSGSHSBSHHSHSHSHSHSHS HELLO OH MY FOD
3:18 best animation evur
EXCUSE ME
Enaaa
I did not like this one as much. The art is just too different. It's a shame.
新作ｷﾀ━(ﾟ∀ﾟ)━!
WAKE UP NEW ENA VIDEO JUST DROPPED
Super ENA RPG REMAKE for Windows XP
I have no idea what just happened but i like watching ther
ENA FANDOM WAKE UP 🗣️🗣️
GRACIAS JOEL POR TRAERNOS UN EPISODIO MAS DE LA MEJOR WEB SERIE DE YOUTUBE Y INTERNET, SIENTO QUE MIENTRAS MAS ESPERAMOS TUS EPISODIOS MEJOR SE HACER, SIGUE ASI!!!❤❤❤❤
THEY’RE BACK!
_This looksike lots of fun!_
THEY ARE BAAAAAAAAACKK!!!
Я ЖДАЛА ЭТО ВЕЧНО
i woke up 4 hours after i fell asleep, i woke up to nothing, no sound, no alarm, so i went back to sleep only to wake up hours later and realise that when i first woke up was when the ENA episode released :-0
this is the first time i have ever seen ENA confused about something that was in the world she is in
EXPLODES
everyone in this show a baddie I would do things related into putting them in a jar with some fluids if I was there
SHE IS BACK MY qUEEEeN
I'M SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS AAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!
NEW ENA EPISODE LETS GO BOYS
Finally
IT SAID AT THE END SPECIAL THANKS TO SR PELO BUT WHERE WAS HE IN FOR THIS EPISODE ??
Хотим ещё
WOOOHOOOO
Careful Joel, I almost understood this one.
this feels like a cdi game made right
Пипец её жизнь помотала конечно.
Wow ena game demo?
literally my dream aesthetic 😭😭
УРА УРАУ УРА!!!!
Buitfu ll
I was waiting and i am still a proud fan i love ena sm
I love how Mooney is just so adjusted to this realm.
YAAAY ENA!!❤❤❤❤
YEEESSSSSS
Looks like Ena is depressed. Her happy side can't even keep up anymore so they needed a mask to seek joy like the yellow side usually would. When confronting the Therapist they finally relent and allow a "conversation" with the blue and yellow sides. Happiness isn't always gonna be memorable large events. It'll be in the interludes and backstage 🎭 (at least that how I interpret it)
RAHHH ENA MY BELOVED
WHOAAAAAA
Nothing about this makes sense. I don’t understand the hype behind it.
IT’S BEEN SO LONG
Ena gives me a feeling that doesn’t exist
WE MAKIN IT OUT OF THE GREAT RUNAS’ CHAMBER WITH THIS ONE 🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
I don’t know about you but that rabbit thing might be the most unnervingly terrifying thing in all of ENA
Looks like a segment from the game.
Wtf am I
MOONY! I missed her
REVIVAN EL FANDOM
this was the wrong thing to watch while high
LEVANTENSEEEE!!! 😼🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣📣📣📣📣📣
I’m so excited for dream bbq
How did one of their faces fall off
Wow...
This was so amazing omg
YES
Amo todo
Yeeee
ура победа
this is my therapy
OH MY GOODDDDDDD
BARKS THIS IS SOOO YUMMY THANK YOU FOR FEEDING US
HOTLFNDIDKWPE
I love this series. That being said... What?
It's so schizophrenic and I love it for that
Mr Joel where is the bathroom
I have no idea what's going on. Keep it coming.
Even more incomprehensible than the previous ones but just as mesmerizing, I just love this series despite the fact that most of it goes right over head.
I'm terrified to watch some of these videos high
ENA
where is the voice acting?
Ena is baaaack
🦠
Everyone is describing this as a sequel, but I totally see it as a precursor to the other ENA episodes. I believe the previous wish to the great runas was for ENA not be sad, so it manifested into the comedic mask. The mask is not really her though, so it doesn't share her feelings nor body. After Therapy, ENA is released from her mask and she returns to "younger" Moony. Perhaps the wish before the wish for the mask was for a friend. Back to after Therapy, ENA hangs out with Moony over the next 10,000 years and forms a proper friendship.
OH MY GOD NEW ENA EPISODE FINALLY?????? YESSSSSSS
meh digital circus is better
We waited this for so long - another part of ENA's adventure!
SHISTING AND BRONWING MY PANTS RN
this video just strengthened the feeling that ena is a "literally me" character, like damn she is me fr fr
FINALLY! CONTENT
This episode was so awesome! And so deep too, how ENA was masking her sad side and negative emotions through the mask, disguised as unreasonable joy, even more cheerful than what ENA's happy side usually is.  It's truly a beautiful way of showing how the "fake it 'til you make it" mentality can go wrong when it develops into denying your true emotions, and how she finally seems to understand the importance of sadness in life, how it's all about the highs and lows.  Man, another banger by Joel! It was beautiful
PICASSO, ARISE
Omg i can't believe it! I wasn't expecting another Ena chapter! And its amazing !!! Tsm and it's so good i loved the story and character development easily the best ena chapter so far!!!
WOOOO WERE BEING FEDER
This is so sick omg i love this
ENA HATH COME BACK
Okay class I want an essay on  this ena episode by tomorrow
Im sorry but did they just snap his neck ?? 8:40
WE GETTIN OUTTA THE WINDOWS XP SCREENSAVER WITH THIS ONE
This video jives with my autism
ОМАЙГАТ ENA ПРИШЛА АОАОАОА я так ждала ❤❤❤❤❤❤
I have questions that I know will never be answered.
Babe wake up, new ena just posted
It's a big theme throughout the video that she's masking her sad side, quite literally with a physical mask. I think there's a little bit more to it than just that though.   The way I see it, it explores simple pleasures, more intricately drug abuse.   I think Act II is showing the actual high of drugs, mostly because of ENA becoming part of the set. People who have experienced psychedelics have talked about becoming different objects. ENA starts by describing it as a strange happiness, but as the vision fades disturbing imagery appears within the dark starry background. The transition of euphoria to anxiety can be assorted with the long term use of drugs, and how the high degrades over time.   Because of this, I think Act I is previous users talking about their experience with hallucinogens to ENA. This could be them getting ENA initially hooked on drug abuse, especially with the line, "Rather, The Second Act granted me this ecstasy." They're encouraging ENA to try it.   I don't think Act III and VI are much about drugs, unlike the previous acts. I think it's about art as a more reasonable means of individual discovery.   The performers are depicted as shadows before skeletons. The shadow is a basic outline of a person, while the skeleton is dead and unlifelike. While the skeleton on it's own would have no meaning, the shadow brings it movement and emotion. In a way, it could be argued that the performers represent giving life to art, even beyond the grave. The performers encourage ENA to enjoy this moment.   The reason Act III and VI are placed in the same segment is, in my opinion, because of how ENA reacts to the performers.   "Though I feel the gratification of the audience, I can't sense any change in me. Hey, how could a chore like this jollify someone anywho?"  ENA has affinity for praise, but has no interest in the art itself. In a way, it could be interpreted as the art killing the artist. When art is monetized it can easily become less gratifying to create, and lose it's freedom. ENA reaps the reward of creating but mourns the loss of creation.   Act V is exactly how it seems, ENA is on the road to recovery. She vents her frustrations about wearing a mask, which is obvious symbolism of the mask of forced joy we use daily. The skulls say to ENA, "You have been coming here persistently, over and over. The truth is though, you will never find fun in this place." To me this wraps up the themes of Act I and II. He's telling her that consistent abuse of substances will only bring her more misery. This is also further noted with the quote, "You need not return here anymore. This is your resolution."  "Fun is quite the illusive varmint. But remember, it is never lost forever. Often, the greatest fun can be found in the true moments." They're telling ENA to live in the moment.   To me, this video is symbolic of using quick pleasures to fill the void solemn emotions leave. The solution in the end is to finally cut free from simple quick fixes, and organically find Fun. ENA explores this by enjoying life after the five acts, playing Ring Rong Run with Moony and the unnamed enigma.
what
bruh, this new ENA flavor is hittin' different! (cough) dayum!  faster framerate! sheeeeeeeesh!
The use of Gmod rag doll sounds at the end add some flavor to it
am i just stupid, everyone else here seems to know whats going on TwT
OMGOMGIGNGIGNGOGN
BABE WAKE UP ENA IS BACK!
BABE WAKE UP JOEL POSTED ANOTER ENA EPISODE
A bit weak at the start for me, just kept reminding me of Silent Hill or Planescape Torment. The "therapy" segment hit a bit close to home for me. It's nice to see ENA talking to someone who understands her to a degree for once. The ending was funny enough to alleviate the tension too. Best episode for styling so far, but past ones were stronger.
OMGGGGG NO WAYYYYY
Y para cuando en español?
8:03 SOO WE ARE NOT GONNA TALK ABT MOONY DOING THE ROCK FACE HERE?😭
1:36 Deltarune reference? :0
8:37 this is Isaac with hair?
I've been back for so long😸🎧
Waos increible
I LOVE IT
I should know better than to watch ENA before bed
5:45 “[ACT V] [THERAPY]”
It might be me going insane but I think these are starting to make more and more sense. Like how I interpreted it was Ena tries to find joy through a play. I’m still intrigued and confused by the mask though
yippe❤❤❤
WOOOOOHOOOOOOO YESSS
I love this episode oh my god- i cant wait to hear people talk about what they think the meaning is
OMGOMGOMG?
I was not expecting a new episode before the game came out
🗣️ NEW ENA
Что за птздец я только что посмотрел?
ENA FINALLY WE'VE WAITED FOR THIS!!!))
I SCREAMED WHEN MOONY APPEAREDD
OH SHOOT THEY POSTED 🤯🤯🤯
RAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
So THAT's why Ena's walk cycles in other episodes were so smooth!! She wasn't walking, she was FLOATING!
EU ESPERANDO ESSE MOMENTO A 2 ANOSSSS
RAAAAAAA
ENA ENJSAA ENJHAAAS GANNEENAAAAA EEEYYYAAAAA!!!!!!
I just wanna see how the game is coming along I'm excited to play along in the next episode.
IVE RISEN
WAIT WHAT
God ill never know what it is that entices me and several others to love this
Everyone else talk abt Ena and predict the next episode: Me laughing my ass off at moony in the end:
this drop literally made my entire year
pineapple
WE ARE SO BACK
It’s been so long…
ДА НЕУЖЕЛИ!ЕНА ВЕРНУЛАСЬ🤯
Yeeeaaahhh 😻😻😻😻
All ENA universe is literally... A LOST BIZARRE JAPANESE VIDEOGAME FROM 90'S ESQUE... I LOVE IT. :)
porque ena tiene esa monda pega en el coco   PD:10/10 no entendi nada
I’ve been waiting for this for so long, I love ENA.
Wow what a magnificence of a fine dining of grotesque yet brilliant visual circus
💕✨Another master piece has been made thank you so much Joel G✨💕
What’s the end credits song ? Love the animation so much I actually cried
She's... evolving...
OH MY GOD
It’s always exciting to get more! Probably the creepiest episode yet
gmod collission sound???
I'm not going to lie... that rabbit in a dress that looks "dismembered" reminds me of a clip from the movie The Cell... just like that. (You know what I'm talking about). XD
I didn't realize these weren't weird-ass video games until now. great work!
Perfect, finally Ena is back!
NEW EPISODE!!! YEAHHHHHHHH
huh...
YESSIRRR‼️‼️‼️‼️ ONLY 6 HOURS AGO❤️❤️❤️❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
this is what depression looks like
OMG OMG AAAAAA
ughhhhhhhh consistently so fantastic.  so excited for dream bbq!!!
this looks like movie maker , absolutely cool
eee
YIPPI NEW EPISODE!!!
ENA and Moony might not have the healthiest relationship.
New Ena animation. Hooray!
Omg
I cannot believe Louis from Beastars is the new ENA. HE HAS RISEN! Deer boi has come back to save this beautiful internet series
LESSS GOOOOOOOO
ok this actually hurt my brain to understand i love this so much
this was NOT about a potluck at all🗣🗣🗣📢📢 🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
This series may be a metaphor for learning to live with dissociation and manic depressive disorder.
But where Is .... TURRROOOOON ... Turrón? TURRROOOOON
NEW ENA EPISODE RAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Наконец-то ,я дожила до этого момента
The Therapist and the Turron guy have been objectively the kindest people ENA's met so far in her journeys. Moony's the worst.
Dang I'm late to the party but this was amazing! The animation is somehow even more impressive for the retro game vibe it presents. and now I can't wait to see what dream bbq brings.
Oh my god everything about this blew me away! The character designs, the environment, the music! It’s all spectacular!! I’ve never seen such brilliant creativity in a YouTube video! I’m really excited to see what you and your team make next!
Slay
Noted: Moony killed someone
I feel that my perspection of my own vision about my bipolar disorder has changed and i wish i could explain this in a better way to the ones i relate with.
Im very simple. i see ENA, i big happy. If youre also like this:  |  | V
Our favorite two-faced amalgamation is back!
Love how ena and moony have those moments at the end of all these videos lol
Incomprehensible and astonishing as always!
shin megami tensei or baroque be like
THE PERSPECTIVE IN THE BEGINNING REMINDS ME OF SONIC 3D!!!! NICE!!!
НАКОНЕЦ-ТО, НАКОНЕЦ-ТО ЭТО ПРОИЗОШЛО
It’s funny how she just puts a random dude inside her blocked eye😂.
I LOVED THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NEW ENA EP?
Hello
OKAY EVERYBODY CALM DOWN! I SAID CALM DOWN! I AM CALM! 🎉
OMG
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
ENA 🫶🫶🫶 im so glad to see her and moony again!! this episode might be my new favorite tbh… its the perfect mix of silly, unsettling, and strangely poignant. gahh i can’t wait to see where yall go next!!!
WOAH ANOTHER UPLOAD WOWAWWAWWA!!!111
YEEEESSS  LETS FAK1NG GOOOOOO
Heck yeah- amazing as all the others. This was the first episode that’s come out after I started watching the series!!
ENAAA
ENA tries to find joy in playing league of legends the episode
she fine
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG?
This already belongs in a museum, AND we're getting a game. I can't wait
ENA FANS HAVE BEEN FED!!!
I've heard of having a "long face" but this is just ridiculous!!!
Lowkey interesting to see enas happy side observing the things around her and listing details/coming to conclusions lmao
As per usual, I have no idea what just happened!
Loved it❤
ENAAAAA
Sorry babe, new ENA episode just dropped.
This is so utterly unsettling and confusing and I love it
THANK YOU FOR THE EPISODY
Aw, Gabe couldn't reprise his role as yellow ENA?
THE GMOD CLIPING
Truly appreciate the ending of this one. A little moment I really did enjoy.
poor ena
I would love to see a digital circus crossover.   The two worlds colliding would be wild
VLIF! I knew that name was familiar from “What’s Wrong With Your Head? (2023)”! Glad to see an official collab!
SO WONDERFULLY WEIRD IM IN LOVE!!!!!!!!
This is…. Horrifying
WE ARE SO BACK
AYO ENA HAD HER COMEBACK!!!!!!!
After 84 years, Yellow and Blue shape girl has returned with her moody moon friend. Absolutely amazing😭❤️😭❤️
Sad Ena is my favorite character. I'm glad she came back.
The masterpiece Returned like a phoenix
Strangely, I relate to this, in a way. It’s rather interesting. Good video.
i love the new top-down segments and the variety of 3d textures! it weirdly reminds me of playing purble place on my grandma's old pc as a small kid. every new location and character makes this world so much stranger, and i love it all!
I think this low-key helped with MY depression 😶
I'm not some ENA superfan, but the animations have improved. This is really visually pleasing.
YAYAYAYYYAYAYA
i loved it! this episode was truly amazing id say very inspiring, yet so truthful the game-like style is also pretty amazing, ive been waiting for it, joel, and it was worth it
That's amazing!
ENAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
im gonna rant a little about this video lol          the power of potluck's theme is centered around finding happiness, which is shown throughout when ena, accompanied by his mask, wanders through a theatre looking for "fun." residents there tell ena about the troubles of finding happiness, or potentially about how you can find joy in the littlest moments.  there's a certain part of this video where silhouette like beings tell ena to reenact joy in front of an audience, which in my opinion, seems be like changing yourself to make others happy. ena obviously doesn't seem to enjoy this and ends up talking to a therapist in the next act. the therapist tells ena that he cannot find happiness in a place like this one, and thus the mask breaks which represents ena finally showing his real colors.  therefore, true happiness is found in one's own heart. you are enough! you are you! do what you love, you will find happiness! i think that this short, although it doesn't make sense to the naked eye, sends this message beautifully if thoroughly analyzed.  i also want to note how i think this animation has skyrocketed in regards to improvement. the design choices are amazing! amazing video ;)
OMG OMG OMGGGGGGGGGGGG
O jogo vai sai pra mobile??
phenomenal work I love this series and ENA thank you for your hard work and dedication
OML ENA IS BACKKK I've missed  this so much
Omg this was so different and I loved it! Especially the ending!
HUZZAH!! ENA IS BACK
Why won’t @filmtheory cover this???
Wait ENA can fly? Has ENA *been* able to fly? Wtf is going on?
Dude i love ena so much so happy its back
Thank God I have a good reason to cosplay ena in 2023
YAYYYYYYY
Hurry! I found the fun!
I wonder if the thing at the end(that maybe only exists in ENAs mind?) represents the relationship between ENA and Moony. Something that twists and contorts to try and keep up with Moony while keeping its true feelings bottled up inside 🤐   Maybe ENA is realizing that as she wore a "crummy mask" while at the play, she wears another mask to try and appease Moony, who just berates her never acknowledges that she might be hurting ENA with her words and actions.
8:41 the gmod sounds oh my god
The end is so funny
babe wake up, the new drug trip just dropped
WHAT
An observation: This is the first ENA video where we follow her from an isometric perspective, as opposed to a first person perspective. It also happens to be an episode where half of her face is literally separated from her body for most of the runtime. While I'm not sure if it was intentional, it lends to the vibe that ENA's quite literally not feeling like herself, as if she's outside of her own body.
Gabe could never😦
Wake up, babe, new ENA drop
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
«aaaah, right! [It makes sense now!] I should start writing a daydream journal to catalogue my little abstract joy(s)!»
What is attatched to ena's face
ENA GOES TO THERAPY \o/ loved this one, very cool topic about the literal masking C:
It’s gamering time
крут
I love ENA Ee-na  Eh-nuh  Ee-nuh  Eh-nah  3NA E   N      A
Tanto ⏱️
YAYYY THERES MORE CONTENT!!!
There's no way Joel can get more cra- *sees the video* ... me papió
imagine boss fights in ENA🤔🤔
RAHHHHHH FINALLY!!
I love this series so much dude<33333
Ok the last bit had me laugh more than anything
What can I say... THIS PERFECT OMG! The graphic design, animation, level of madness and crazy ideas, this is AMAZING! Gorgeous, as always! I hope soon I will be able to figure out what is going on here
OMG THIS IS AMAZINGG!! I LOVE ENA SO MUCH I CANT WAIT FOR THE GAME
At the end of the day, ENA got some therapy Thats what matters most
another ena animation :D  very cool, thank you Joel G
YESSESESEEEEES
JOEL G I LOVE YOU MAY WE MARRY SO THAT I CAN ADOPT ENA?
Amazing as always❤❤❤
WOOOOOO
Gooood
...nope. Don't get it. That's what I love about ENA.
LETS GOOO!!!! YOUR BACKKKKK
I'd recognize those Source engine ragdoll impact sounds anywhere.
I WAS HERE
OMG, ENA, FINNALY
YAYYYYYY !! NEW ENA EPISODEE
Yayayayyayayyay A POST 😄😄
WOO
I love watching these late at night
joel g is is just so creative and explores possibilities without making them tangible
That's soooooo coooooooool
LETSSS GOOOO NEW ENA
finnaly after some YEARS he has posted
Seems ENA has been putting a literal mask on her sad emotions but this fake happiness has taken the sense of real happiness away, instead of looking for the happiness, also the mask kinda reminds me of a parasite sucking the real emotions out of ENA, for it's facade of happiness.
Seeing ENA go to therapy and talk out her feelings seems like the resolution of a series-long character arc that we hadn't known was there until now.
3:38 IVE HAD A DREAM HERE WHAT THE
pucha no hablo inglés Joel no understanding 😔
The uncanniness of this universe, alongside the mental breakdown Ena has all the time with her emotions are finally back!!!!!!!! I MISSED THIS SERIES SO MUCH! <3
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED AN ENA SHORT‼️‼️‼️‼️
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA
WE HAVE BEEN BLESSED WITH MORE ENA <3333
BABE WAKE UP, NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
NEW ENA EPISODE NEW ENA EPISODE
God, no one does it like you. This is just so outstanding and beautiful. It’s to hard to describe in worlds the majesty of it.
ENA RAAAAAHHHHHH
The first new ENA episode I’ve seen since becoming a fan! What a pleasant surprise.
ENAS BACK GO SEE IT NOW
YES ANOTHER ENA VID
OH EM GEE 🙇🏻 🙇🏻 🙇🏻
Fun fact! This video came out on my birthday :D
Ждали игру, а вышла ещё одна серия
WOOOOOO ENA’S BACK
ЕШКЕРЕЕЕЕЕЕ
I have no clue what's going on, yet i still came to watch this.
I will not be doing deep analysis like everyone else. The bunny lady's cross section implies the dress is part of her body
WAIT 5 HOURS AGO???
我太愛了❤
Cant wait for the game
3:19 Look at that smile. How can you not love that cheeky smile.
WEEHEHEHEHE Ena ENA ENA!!!!!! ☆☆☆☆☆``~~~~♡♡♡♡♡
Finally!
I hope this series gets its own feature film one day. Or ENA gets in smash bros idk I just love this series.
Ооооо кайфуем народ
I just saw a tiktok that sort of looked like ena and I go here and this was posted 5 hrs ago
imagina quando tiver dublagem... e se tiver
I have been trying to find joy, but this was my resolution. thank you joel g
LET ME TOUCH IT!!!
YAY YAY YAY NEW ENA VIDEO, I´M SO HAPPY :D
I hope the video game hasn’t been taking too much of a toll on you
OMMMMMMMMMYG IM SO HAPPY
THIS IS SO GOOD
thanks for blessing my eye sockets once more, i sure do hope there is more to come!
You know, I don't know if it's just because the subtext was so blatant you could call it text, or if I've simply seen enough surrealist art to just *get* it, OR if I've secretly developed depression that suddenly makes me catch these sorts of stories, but this is the first ENA short I really... Get. Empathize with. Understand.  Now, don't get me wrong, I love Auction Day, Extinction Party, and Temptation Stairway. I think they're all brilliant animations that are simply fascinating. But the stories they tell, at least to my recollection, are simply fun romps across wild and wacky worlds meant to just deliver a "wow" factor. For sure, there are underlying messages to all of them that reveal aspects of ENA's character and establish an arc for the series as a whole, but they feel so... Missable, to my knowledge. I'll admit that it's been a while since I've seen them, and they probably merit a rewatch, but those underlying elements have always just sort of escaped me in favor of the absurd world and cast of characters.  But this one, man. This one hits different. And yeah, the literal Therapist (amazing vocal performance to their voice actor btw) is PROBABLY what makes this one so easy to understand, as well as those underlying arcs finally coming to a head with ENA finally at odds with herself to some extent. Wanting to get rid of/"heal" her sad half with a mask which inevitably breaks, the way she goes through the play over and over again but never finds the joy in it everyone else seems to and considers it a chore, having to learn to find joy in all of the little moments... As a young adult, I suddenly *get* what that feels like. This simply abstract series of random mishaps just spoke to me when I least expected it to - and that's what makes this episode my favorite.  Y'know, barring the amazing animation, aesthetic, voice work, humor, and everything else that automatically makes this short peak internet animation. That also helps it, I'd say.
WOOOOOOO NEW ENA EP LETS GO AJAJEHFUJF
YEESSSSSSSSSSS OMGGGG
🎉🎉🎉
NEW ENA VID IENNENENOMGOMGOMG
YESSSS
No way
Amazing ost!! Amazing animation!! ENA Is Just Perfect!!
WE WONNNNNN
Floating ENA💙💛
Oh my wish come true
This makes me not overly happy, but instead intellectually satisfied and thankful for its presence
WOOOOOOOO
My favorite part of this series is that unlike other projects it doesnt need a lore to be weirdly interesting Part of what makes this series unique is the complete absense of any continuity or lore.
BABE WAKE UP NEW EDA VIDEO
🧐💀🦈👍🎩
IT’S ENA TIME
WE UP
At first it seemed to me that the episode was a critique of content creation on the internet, performing for an audience while extracting no pleasure or value from the craft itself, everything just a game of anonymous faces behind masks of fun and pleasure. Now looking at the comments, I think the premise can be broadened to modern society in general, how we see social interaction as a strange mix between self protection and mutual pleasure, scared to open up and scared to be left behind. This is probably especially true of the world and even more so the internet during the COVID era, where people were practicaly forced to bygo any form of wholesome interaction and digitize all forms of social activity. Our society is one that seeks fun over wellbeing and inner peace, for we are so plagued by issues that we cannot see any avenues of change; we shrink away and put on a mask, hoping to be spared from the plague of depression and loneliness which consumes us each like a beast manifested from our anxious self-obsessions. Good episode, definitely worth a re-watch.
LEVANTENSEEE 🗣️🗣️🗣️
Why does it feel like ENA is progressively getting more and more aware that their world isn't normal, like as each episode goes on ENA questions more things and seems to be more and more "Human"
i want some turron
이야 이게 얼마만의 신작이야!? ❤❤❤
ok that's more abstractive than previous, but i continue to love it more sophisticated on the line)
OMG BAE WAKE UP . ENA IS BACK
OMGA NEW ENA EPISODE!!!
7:03 I felt Ena’s response deep in my soul
Amazing! Spectacular! I love you! I want money!
ちょうどENAの動画を求めていたところです！　ありがとう！
New Ena!!!!!
ENA JUMPSCARE
*WOOOOOOOOOAAHHHHH IT'S OUT!!!!!!!*  NEW ƎNA EPISODE NEW ƎNA EPISODE NEW ƎNA EPISODE NEW ƎNA EPISODE  I always LOVE the music in these.
I came back from the coffin just to see this wonderful work of art....
ok but like I found the ending so funny idek why it was just like... so weird lmao
I love that i didnt undertand nothing!
ES GAMEPLAAAAAAYYYYYYYY
moony is screaming "RUN" in that intro.
Is ena a source engine game?😂
Я В ШОКЕ
babe wake up new ena episode dropped
Really love the sprites and animations, looks like it’s made for the PlayStation 1.
Watching this new ENA makes me wonder if we had missed a few episodes lmao.
god I love this so much you see the main thing of ENAs struggle but it's still mush. you can't pin point it down on what exactly it might be (I feel the severe tying to abstract art helps with this) like most mental illnesses and when you have more than one it's hard to find the cause of the problem let alone a resolution
I love The Therapist so much. Gosh why can't he be real I wanna hang out with him.
man, I don't comprehend any of this, but I think I had a good time
Why do I feel I have play this game before in playstation? 🤔
Sheesh   Edit: it's been so long I haven't watched ena ever since....but Damn🙏🙏🙏
It may not make sense at first but once you look into it deeper. It all comes together.
LEVANTENSE, UNA NUEVA ANIMACION DE JOEL G!
I really enjoyed all of the unique designs
So I think fun isn't actually what ENA is looking for. I think ENA Is looking for meaning and community. The acts are telling:  Act 1: Endless connection, illusion and delusion meant to *transmit* joy. Perhaps this is referring to the Internet and/or conspiracy theorist culture. Either seems to fit. Either we are in a world of delusions and illusions where everything is connected and a shadowy cabal is behind everything or we are in conspiracy theorist territory. Meaning and community don't last here.  Act 2:  The Rising where the universe dances in oneness. This sounds like religion of some kind, chasing the transcendent, rising upward to heaven and union with others. This is simply too strange for even ENA.  4-5 Nihilism.  Meaning is a shadow, a play we put on. We act as though there is meaning and attempt to create it on our own but it's all merely a shadow barely concealing mortal bodies doomed to die.  5: A big face made of skulls. ENA confronts the reality of death. Our time in this life os limited. We can only do our best to find community and meaning and love not in grand narratives and philosophies but in the small moments. Then ENA is spat out to mert her friend. It's just them two and the weird dog creature but it is with these little people closest to us that we can find real meaning and community.
Obra de arte
i don't know why i keep watching these expecting to perfectly understand everything on the first viewing
Amazing !!!
THE ENDING. As always, a pleasure.
Its been 100 years but it was worth the wait
ENA HAS RETURNED LETS GOOO
References to ultrakill, level fun of the backrooms, coraline and the face looks pulled out of soul void. Or maybe great minds just do think alike.
ITS THEM ‼️‼️‼️🫵🫵🫵🫵✨✨✨✨✨
yeah more ena
YAY MORE ENA!
On my birthday, thanks🎉
Fun, or happiness?
WE FESTING
I love you
ENA
I LOVED THIS SO MUCH AHHHHHHHHHHHH
woah NEW ENA  ONTENT REAL
чтооо
I was not expecting gmod ragdoll sounds, that caught me off guard.  .. OH, right, the digital philosophy.. Alright! Let me dive in!  As per my previous take on this series, I divulged that it seemed like a pretty cut-and-dry scenario aping that of those old online make-your-own-world type games, except everyone stopped dying and the servers stayed around for eternity, creating a virtually infinite realm of nonsensical pocket-dimensions with non-euclidean pathways and whimsical characters!  And in this episode, it would seem ena has lost her way, and became briefly caught up in the reasoning behind it all.. Was there not a point to these worlds, their creation and its contents? Ah yes, "fun", that was it! Except, without all of these world's hosts around to explain the geometry or characters, the universe has such a hollow and benign feel to it.. Not very fun.. But alas, she is reminded by an old friend that fun is always around.. You just have to find it! And if you cannot find it, you MAKE it.. Fun isn't always the act of creation, but rather A creation, a machination of a bored mind wishing and yearning for stimulation and chaos!  As always, the points on display hit the nail on the head, and the view is quite refreshing too! I appreciate this, and look forward to whatever comes out next!
Usually I watch these for the humor of the absurd but this one resonated with me. Made me feel a familiar melancholy Thank you
if i had dreams like this there would be a lot of FUN
This is such a rorschach test of an episode.
This episode was very strange and unsettling, and it still made me chuckle at the end. I loved it! time to watch it many times~
Es una tremendo obra maestra  ,  Es cine
ENA MY LOVEEEEEE! i ordered the plush >:333
COMING OUT OF SLUMBER
ENA YAY!!! :3 I CAN RELATE TO HER SO MUCH
LETSGOOOOO ENA 🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥‼️‼️‼️‼️
I LOVE IT
i love the character of the therapist. the design, the animation, the characterization. he is some great work
WOW
i didn't understand anything, but cool tho.
Major W
Sad is back
YEAHYHHHHHHHH
OMG OMG OMG SHS(NSWJSCSFYA8FHTKATAYKV 😨
YOOOOOOOOOOO
¿El traje de la coneja cortada coronalmente en el inicio del video es una referencia a la vestimenta de la Marinera peruana?
This show may sound absurd but it's really representative. This reminds me of my "resolution" when it came to appreciating the little things and the unexpected events in my life (that will never happen again). An odd sense of consuming nostalgia (that paradoxically haunts me insteading of cheers me sometimes), coupled with a severe case of optimism, never served me well. I'm happy acknowledging that the joy I feel right now comes from things long gone from time and memory, leaving behind just impressions, just as will do what's happening in my life right now in the future. Life is absurd with all of its "joyful" and "depressing" moments that we decide they are so. There has been moments in my life where I just don't understand how or what to feel, or why, moments where I get confused; The world we live in is irrational, and the true sense of joy comes with accepting that fact, whilst we are sad when we refuse to accept that unchangeable fact and look for a better well suited explanation and meaning in a missmatched world, whilst relying on our inconsistent and opposing senses/memory and self.
Banger!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Power of potluck: Ena finally gets therapy and Moony kills someone.
minha rainha do weirdcore tá de volta! yipeeeee 💙💛
Ураа, Эна наконец-то вернулась.. :')      Спустя 10 лет вернулась
Good lord, seeing Ena's sad face be so forcibly happy reminded me so much of my own struggles with depression. The happy face being able to tell that this ain't right and the sad face just forcing it out the whole time... Feels weird. Thanks for making this Joel
I think I missed something. Why does ENA's blue half just dangle now?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH NEW VIDEO FOR ENAAAAAAAAAAAA I love you ENA
That feeling when you’re young but you finally gain awareness:
HOLY MOLY
We finding happiness with this one 🔥🔥🔥
I feel like if you were to try drugs in this universe you would still have the exact same experience
The entire bit of Act V reminded me of Discworld's version of Death. The entire video in itself is very fascinating to watch~
УРАААА!!!! Я СЧАСТЛИВ!!!! НИЧТО СЕГОДНЯ НЕ ИСПОРТИТ МОЕ НАСТРОЕНИЕ!!!! СПАСИБО ОГРОМНОЕ!!!!
Oh boy new ena
GRIFFIN PAUTU???
This is the funniest episode by far I’m crying 😭
The FUN is finally here!
I wonder if this is what the game is gonna look like!
Increible
I will now call it Ring Rong Run from now on
О неееет где же субтитры? 😢
YEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA BBABBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
YAAAYYY AND MY MERCH IS COMING SOONNM
She's back... Ella volvió... no creí seguir vivo para experimentar este momento, he esperado una eternidad por esto... gracias ❤
This just really made me wish for ENA as a guest party member in Hylics 3
AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!! I LOVE ENAAAA!!!!!!!
I thought that was Markiplier at first.
AYYAAYA
i missed ena so much!!
I am autistic and my teacher taught me about tears of joy today when I was having them
УРАААА
3:27 “DID YOU WASH YO ASS TODAY???”
turron
I fricking LOVE this
out of all the indie animation coming out ENA has to be my favorite, its not in your face, not too lenient or concerned about being quirky, while still having a unique style to it
:D
ENA is just like me fr fr
ENA CAME BACK YIPPIEEEE
Moony slap him at the end 💀
It’s Ben like 11 years SHES BAaaaAAaack
Yeaaaaaaaaaa
WOOOOOOOOOOOO🎉 this made my week
YES, I'M NOT LATE!! FINALLY, A NEW ENA EPISODE HAS RISEN FROM THE SHADOWS!!
d
ALLL RISEEEE
LETS GOOOO
Alright, folks, *R I S E  A N D  S H I N E*
AND THE MASK IS
LETS GET ITTTT
This really tickles the best parts of fun and foreboding.  Like an upcoming surgery you’re gonna get fun anesthesia for.  Or riding the school bus with a new cast or sling knowing tons of people are going to be giving you all the attention for it.  Thanks ENA!!!
Dream BBQ is going to knock our socks off
Espere tanto
ENA!!! Por fin se vuelve a ver Que emoción me da  😃😄
That thumbnail of Ena 🙂 can make any fan smile.
HELLO??? ENA IS BACK BABY!
One thing we must admit to ourselves: ENA is not ENA without its sad side.
The best part of ENA is you have no idea what's going on.
I'm glad new  ena happy voice so much better than   Old one
Self-aware ena is really relatable.
i find joy in this, even tho i don't understand it
ENA?
BRO WAKE UP JOEL G FINNALY DROP A NEW ENA VIDEO
Bakan no entendi nada XD pero me encanta todo jajajaja
Rest
Man, Lizzie Freeman voicing both sad ENA and Moony sure made my night. The graphics reminds me of an old computer game called Jumpstart 3rd Grade: Mystery Mountain
At last, ENA went to therapy, even if it wasn't intentional. You can't just wish your problems away; you have to address them or they'll just come back. But enough pretending like I know what's going on in this series; I'm honestly just glad to see it continued!
sigma
6:03 that mask is cracking! She can't bottle up her emotions anymore!
É galera, a Ena está de volta
How much acid did you take while making this?
8:40 Hearing those ragdoll sounds gave me such powerful whiplash, it reminded me of the old Gmod videos that were always super absurd.
Strange and indescribable with a hint of something deeper. Just to be expected and adored.
finally THIS GODDES HAS REBORN
OH MY GOS
HELLO
3:11 imagine asking your teacher to go to the bathroom like this. "May I go to the bathroom without your permission?" *just leaves*
“This video should’ve been 40 seconds long” on a nearly 10-minute video.   I KNOW THE FEELING! 😂 Working on a story like ”how tf did all of THIS pop up? This was only supposed to be a short story!”
I hope theres more animations like this in the future..!
8:20 ena is genuinely tweaking
😐🙂
that face ENA had at the end perfectly resembles the expression i had for this episode,
RingRangRun - GoGetGun.
What
ENA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOOO SO EXCITED TO SEE THIS!! EVERYONE WAKE UP, ENA IS BACK AND SHINING ✨
WE HAVE AWOKEN ONCE AGAIN!
YOOOOOOOOOO
Não entendi nada. Adorei
Wow I felt like I was watching a lets play of a top down RPG from the 90's there.  Glad to see Ena and crew are back!
Pretty stuffy.
Fastest click in the West 🤠
ENA’S BACK!!!
4HS LATE
COME BACK FROM THE DEAD ONCE MORE ENA FANDOM!!!
This one is much more confusing then the rest of the episodes…AND I LOVE IT! ❤
she returns my beloved
I love how amazing this is when high
I feel like ena has been going through life with me ever since auction day came out. Just watching this series really makes me feel better.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT ALL THESES YEARS! YASSSSSSS!
holy moly this episode was so good love the visuals
ITS PRONOUNCED ai-na?!?? BRO I’VE BEEN SAYING ee-na
5:53
Lol I love this sm
Our yearly dose of weirdness
BABE WAKE UP, NEW ENA VIDEO
Wow! From the first second I could see the huge jump in quality! Not to say the other ENA installments are bad in any way! I'm so happy to see ENA getting the love it deserves.
Aser mi tarea: ❌ Ver al fin un nuevo video de ENA: ✅
can't wait for dream bbq to release
The most fun about Ena series is definitely everyone's differeny take on it. There is not 3 sides of fun but myriads.
ENA EPISODE ENA EPISODE ENA EPISODE
"Wake up, babe. New Ena vid just dropped."
АААААААААААА, НАКОНЕЦ ТО
Volvió ENA carajooo
OH YEAAAA NEW ENA BABY!!
WTF
Finally
Yah but why do you have an eye in your eye’s mouth tho
It's like you are projecting the feelings of how I dream onto a screen 😂
I probably shouldn't have popped an edible before watching that.
LESGOOO NEW ENA ANIMATION
Uh what.
AAAAAAH OMG I THINK IM TURNING INTO A MICROWAVE FROM JOY
commented this when there were 69K likes
YAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!! 💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛💙💛
YEAHHHH ENA'S BACK
Did I miss something? When did we get to Planescape Torment?
“Gets fed”
one thing i must say... why isnt moony skinny?
OMG, OMG, OMGG ITS ENA, ENA ENA
Oh wow you actually can hear Moony reminding to run after Ena pressed the doorbell lol
WOA WOWIE OMG ITS HER !!!! TY FOR THIS
Yaaaaa!
I love whenever there's something in an episode that's so weird it even stops ENA in her tracks.
As a midwesterner I don't think that was a potluck
despues de un monto de espera,al fin sale😭💗
EVERYONE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED🗣️🗣️
BEST GIRL ENA ON ANOTHER WACKY ADVENTURE
Truly a experience
ENA!!!,!,,!
Oh sheeet ENA DROP
Feels garage: bad dream adventure inspired!
Praise Picasso, she's alive!
Asi que la ena estaba haciendo el mitico rin rin raja?
WOAHWOAHOWAHHH
It's been a year joel g I really really miss you
Well done Joel! This is your best work yet! You truly out did yourself!
I never know quite what to expect from an ENA episode but it’s always strange and provocative.
We got a new ENA episode before gta 6
This feels like a metaphor for addiction
My head hurts and I think Im gonna vomit...but I like it very much ❤
ENA Continuing to be so relatable 😭❤️💕💖💖💖
😁👍
One thing I just noticed was how the mask seemed to understand everything, or at least pretended to, while happy ENA was slightly confused but when the mask was destroyed sad ENA said how it was all incomprehensible resulting in the end where she shows pure confussion without trying to hide it in front of Moony
FINALLYY MORE ENAAA!!1111!1!111
is that arm in Moony's cube hole skinny Moony-
Only 3 likes in 4 hours? What is wrong with the world
I love this episode. I think it is my favorite! How the whole thing was divided by acts made it feel different, and Therapy's voices were a top notch. Like, through the video, we see the other characters speaking with sounds, but he's the  only one who speaks like an actual person. Like an old, wise person. Also, I loved the part where her sad side appears again, showing that she would never be able to hide it well, and even if she tries to mask it, deep down, she will still weird and sad with herself.
YESSSSSSSSS
More Hands Up: never ever.
Вернулась родная
¡Awesome!
zomboid x2
Zomboid
You should get bill wurtz to do music
MORE ENA!!!
Maravilla de capitulo.
At first I was just enjoying the ENA randomness, but about halfway through I decided I should probably try to derive some meaning from it (and boy I’m glad I decided then because the rest of the episode serves a feast). I interpreted it as ENA trying her best to have fun. The first thing ENA tried was literally ripping out her sad mask, but that still didn’t help her. So instead she went on this whole adventure trying out things that others found fun until she reached the skull. Who basically told her that she has to find the small moments in *her* life to have fun, not from other people’s lives. It had nothing to do with the mask, it had to do with ENA’s perspective. Of course, just my interpretation. The lovely thing about things like ENA is that there are so many interpretations that could be right.
finally we got new ENA
AND WE CHEEREd
my brain hurt
Existence is stimulation:)
8:38 Oh my god I was not expecting the source stuck object sound effect, I almost spat out my food
The weird part of Youtube finally has it's long awaited update!
Babe wake up new Ena animation
WOW DIDN'T EXPECT TO BE CALLED OUT.
Just beacuse im backout drunk doesnt mean that this isn't some of the most original and unique contemporary art I've everseen.
"what🙄?" 8:37
ayo new ena ep just dropped???
What in god’s name did I just watch?
A bomba sobre os sentimentos da Ena ai mano
IM GOING INSANE
Omg!!
MY HAPPINESS COME BACK
YOOOOOOK-
Oh boy, what a time to be alive!
WHAT. 5:48
Mano o que aconteceu? Bro what did just happened?  Edit: Acho que ena não tem uma história ou tem uma história meio quebrada, e ena tenta descrever sentimentos e coisas na vida real tipo, dupla personalidade e tals, ena é sobre isso e é pra sentir e não pra entender a história e criar teorias, tem que.... Sentir sabe? Ena é sobre uma garota que vê o mundo de forma estranha e/ou está em um mundo estranho e ela tenta saber coisas da vida e seila o sentido da vida com suas amigas e amigos e outras coisas bizarras  Edit: I don't want to take what I said in Portuguese and then translate.
That was insane. Thank you for sharing your work with us!
Marvellous and Interesting, indeed. ❤
YEAAAAHHHHH
CARA EU ADORO ESSA SÉRIE, OBRIGADO JOEL 🍷🗿😊
ECHÉ DE MENOS VER LAS ANIMACIONES DE ENA Y JOEL G, ME ALEGRO DE QUE HAYAS PUBLICADO
The comeback we didn’t know we needed
Dios cómo extrañaba esto
HOW THE ACTUAL FART HAS IT BEEN TWO YEARS
Moony at the end though. Her shoving that guy into her cube hole was funny. Also, with the mask thing, would it have hurt ENA every time it went really far from them or would it feel like nothing?
I relate to this video on a molecular level
i dont think that was a pot brownie i just consumed. Joel..... what are you doing? and why do i continue to dig what you keep putting in this chest of wonders?
this new dream bbq  leak looks weird..
Very cool! And I like that VLIF is collaborating with you! Their style is very compatible with ENA.
ENAAAAAAAAAA TEAMO
This is awesome! 2.5 years of expectation... and we get 10 mins. It was worth it
Wow Joel! This episode is especially amazing and very trippy to watch as well like all of the ENA episodes! 😅😵‍💫 but I love how it came out and all of the new characters and environments of the ENA universe that it introduced to us! My favorite characters are especially the bunny woman and the therapist both of whom spoke to ENA about finding that “Fun”.   And honestly the message presented in this one, even if it is normally pretty vague and confusing, is really good for anyone to know and understand about life and enjoying its moments in general. I definitely feel like ENA sometimes when it comes to trying to keep myself from getting bored or depressed and essentially never being able to find that desired “Fun” even if I’m desperately still searching for it. It’s fascinating to see ENA feel the same way, even tho she IS a fictional character.   And then the ending with Moony and that weird human man inside the walking fanny pack 😂 were also hilarious to watch and caused me to cackle especially after I saw ENA’s facial expressions from her reaction towards the both of them! 🤣  Loooove the animation, the 3-D environments, the new characters, and the important life lesson/message you put in this one Joel! Now I’m REALLY excited for the upcoming Dream BBQ game to come out next year!! 😆
ENA VOLTO 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
8:20 relatable...
I just started watching this series yesterday and boy am I lucky to see this new episode show up.. thanks for the work... (but also I'm gonna miss the old va of happy ena cuz.. their salutation meme voice never let me stop thinking from my mind lol)
HELPP WHAT NEW ENA VIDEO ?
YESSSS I'VE WAITED
Not me remembering Sad Ena and Pomni share a voice actor so I’m looking out for cross-references
YAYAAYAAYAYAAYAYAYAYAAA
oh so true
I dobnt understa nd
I already knew the characters of the amazing digital circus were gonna be odd and unique but every time I see anything from ENA’S world it’s just straight up outlandish and mind boggling and I adore it.
Yoooo that intro animation smooooooooooooooth
JOEL IS FINALLY BACK FROM HIS SLUMBER!!!
ENA AAAAA
Did not expect to see this today, but I'm all for it.
I'm going to try and decipher Act III & IV to my best extent.   The figments speak: It is your turn to spread joy to the audience.  ENA's masked sadness responds: Of course! Through our demeanor and overall attitude! One can always spread happiness as long as they look happy.  At first HappyENA agrees but quickly realizes You can always attempt to look as happy as possible. But that doesn't mean you feel happy. Nor can it change you to be happy. It's more of a job. Though others benefit from your exterior warm self, it takes a lot of energy to project, and ultimately doesn't help.  After realizing this, the mask detaches. That is a false happiness.
YAYAYAYAYAYAAA
por un momento pensé que era gameplay
As incomprehensible as always, thank you for such delightful fun!
It has arrived! It's finally here! WOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO woOOOOOO yayyy good job!!!
2:43 smash
the end was very funny
I’m rising from a coffin currently, hello fans of this series. Wake up as well
ANOTHER ENA EPISODE
1:40 Asuka leaning in the elevator reference? lol
Wait, that's the original voice of Yellow Ena, isn't it?
NEW EPISODE OF PEAK RRRAHHHHH
UGH 👁NA ITS CALLED RING RONG RUN
neat
“That’s what the mask is”
ITS BAAAAAAAAACKK!!!!!!
oh wowie
If there’s 1 thing that does give me joy it’s these wonderfully wild character designs
MOONY WHAT WAS THAT????
what did sr pelo do? :o     love the guy, just didnt get what was his contribution
EATING GOOD TONIGHT WITH THIS ONE OH MY GOD
JAJAJ ESTABAN HACIENDO RIN RAJE. Sin duda es la mejor forma de terminar el día. Con la noticia de que Ena volvió 💞
LET’S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
me sorprende lo tan bien que le queda la voz nueva a ENA, El anterior voice actor era espectacular pero este tambien transmite lo mismo y de manera mucho mejor, es como una mezcla de ambas voces que llego a tener
I was so freaking excited that i just instinctively yelled "DUDE ITS A NEW ENA VIDEO!!!!" out loud in my house for my ignorant family to hear 💀  And now i have to watch this later because i cant soak it all in while im doing chores
ENAAAAAAAAAAA
People need to seee
this is the one that made the most sense
AAAA
I cannot say how viscerally happy I got when ENA's mask burst
I love this ENA design so much
YOU KNOW ITS A GOOD DAY WHEN WE GET ENA CONTENT 🗣️🗣️🗣️
I do love this new episode! The only thing that kinda makes it "off" is the continuity, there isn't the same level of "randomness" on the story  Like... Let's compare it to Extinction Party, ENA's objective there is to find Moony, but most dialogue and quotes and things make no sense to that objective whatsoever  Power of Potluck feels more "linear" about that, just wanted to give some things that can be "changed" (to not say "fixed") in later episodes, or even Dream BBQ
NEW ENA EPISODE YAAAY!
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY
Can someone explain to me wtf this is
I have a theory on the meaning of the acts i think these are meant to represent sources of entertainment and the gratification they bring Act 1 Display: is about conection, ilusion and delusion, i think these simbolize interacting with other people, maintaining a facade for others, pretend to care for them as they pretend to care for you Ena doesnt find joy in talking with others yet the mask is happy to perform a display Act 2 The Rising: this one is kinda subjetive but i believe the blue crying ladys with projector on their eyes are a clue, this is an exploration into the unknown so i believe this is any type of escapism that you could have in your life Movies, Books, Videogames, Series, etc Ena can't seem to catch the rythm of the things others find entertaining or popular Act 3 and 4 Crecendo of a Descent: this one i believe is the most obvious it is a methaphor of life itself all of us are growing old we have a descent into death, Ena is already a performer in this grand act, our time is limited every moment is precious and Ena should be enjoying her life yet, she cant find joy in every day chores, "life is work not fun" this presents a disconection between herself and the mask Because she can fool others but not herself, she can't pretend to care for life all the time and starts doubting how any of this is meant to bring joy which allows for an oportunity Act 5 Therapy: once Ena has realized that she and the mask are not the same finds the strenght to go to therapy, the therapist explains that Life is a joy that she cannot yet understand, the mask tries to pretend everything is fine and she is having fun yet this facade feels off once the therapist calls her out for it Ena introspect and open up to show her true feelings, once she does this she doesnt need to pretend to like or enjoy things that don't amuse her, be true to herself and enjoy the little things that do bring her joy, that is okey to not feel happy or entertained all the time her resolution comes to full effect once Moony ask how the fun house was and she gives an honest opinion Ena has been trasnformed by this experience but not in the way she wanted to, she wanted to "feel like she is suppose to" but now she can truly accept that she doesn't and thats okey she can feel whatever and its okey
Hola sopencos 😎
When the ENA game comes out. The Estus Flask should be the turrón!
💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
W
What happened to ena
Fun is Subjective
AMAZING 👴
AYO!????????
HOLY MOLY OH MY GOD WE'RE SO BACK
LEGSOOO 🗣💯🔥
Everything is so unique... I love it so much
ITS HAPPENING
MMMM DINNER 🍽🍽
THEY'RE BACK, ENA'S BACK
Lets appreciate how well and smooth these animations are! Just how long it too to make this and the effort put into it ⭐Have a great day everyone, and for the ones staying up late (like me) make sure to sleep well, a good night's sleep is important <3
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh it’s back
yeeEEESSSS
ENA YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO RING AND RUN! HOW DID YOU MESS UP SUCH A SIMPLE PLACE?
ENA DOES POINT AND CLICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
FINALLY!!!
OMGOMGOMG
I think it's so cool that the first two episodes (Auction Day and Extinction Party) are so fun to watch, and the other two (Temptation Stairway and Power of Potluck) are so intriguing.  Like, the settings, the characters, the messages they convey are really reflective and make me think a lot (both the lines and the actions), especially "it is never lost forever" and "often, the greatest of fun can be found in the little moments" is a rather crude phrase when said by the therapist, but it's so sweet.  I love ena so much, indeed a comfort and relatable character
THIS CANNOT BE REAL, THIS CANNOT BE REAL BOE
THIS CANNOT BE REAL, THIS CANNOT BE REAL BOE
KD O LINKZIN PRA FAZER VIDEO DISSOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Is it me or does Ena's bluw face sound like Twilight Sparkle?
this absolutely takes place before temptation stairway i think that much is clear........ right?
BRO I LOVE THIS
WE ARE SO BACK
amazing
That didn't feel like 9 minutes at all. I got jumpscared by the episode suddenly ending. I always love the bizarre feelings this series gives me
I'm so sorry ena in the elevator stands like my friend does
yepiee
Oh Ena. Still confusing me to this very day.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Damn i- I actually really loved this! Ena has been one of if not my favorite YouTube series and this just gave me joy mystery and maybe a little saddens after realizing what's going on I relate to Ena in a way
Is this a prequel? Seems it might be given the changes to Ena and Moony from the end of Temptation Stairway seem to have reverted
Gave off strong video game vibes love it!
NEW ENA VIDEO. GOD IS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
I must say....this video was pretty fun
Tô torcendo pro linkizim fazer teoria pra ver se eu entendo alguma coisa
EAT UP ENA FANS!!!!
EU N ACREDITO Q ELA VOLTO
Dios, me enorgullece ser tu compatriota:')
I AM HAPPY NEW ENA EPISODE
It's perfect
:Dd
SCREAMING IN HAPPUNES RIGHT NOW OMG
somehow this really spoke to me and i love it
sweet vid
Ahh! All this vintage CGI scratches my brain in the best possible way! Another fantastic experience!
A new video yay!!
If you rewatch the episode you can hear Moony scream ''RUN!!!'' when ENA rings the doorbell
LEVÁNTENSE 🗣️🗣️‼️
SO PS1 ❤
i love the 3d parts so much. and with the voice acting, text boxes, and music it feels like an old video game
THIS IS SO COOL WHAT I LOVE TBE GUY MADE OF SKULLS
I LOVE ENA
The ragdoll sound effects was perfect 😂
YIPPEEE :3
QUE LINDO
New ENA video. That means new profile pictures
This to me is like if Atlus made an SMT style point and click
I'm sorry, WHAT?
ITS BEEN YEARS BUT ITS FINALLY BAVK 🤩 AND ITS SO GOOD TOO
Dude, That sound design slaps haaaaarrrrddddd
9:32 Amazing •)•,
It has been 85 years…
THEYRE BACK!!!!!!
hehehehe gmod ragdoll noises
BABE! WAKE UP! NEW ENA POST!!!
In this episode ENA; ENA finds out what the mask is.
Do you already have a full episode of ena?
6:14  why does this thing have legs
Ah sht, here we go again.
OH MY LORD ITS REALLY HAPPENING THIS IS NOT A DRILL
*Ena is so portuguese*
ITS BEEN YEARSSS OMGG
this is the best one so far ! love the mixture of different animations :) im so glad to follow ena's series since the beginning!
Me when I am in pipe land 1:50
Joel a masterpiece as always <3
We got a new ena video before gt 6 😭🙏
ooh I like
Thank you ❤
Watching this whit an actual fiber makes it a diferent expirience
Wait why bic is promoting this
THE NEW ENA VA KILLED IT!!!
EHAJAJAJJAIA DINALY AFETER SO MANY YEARS IM SO HAPPU
I want the therapy guy to be my father
Oh hey it is old ena not new ena technically older ena
MEU DEUS A DIVA VOLTOU, EU TO SURTANDO
Seems like ENA's happy side is a lot more aware in this video. Like, instead of facing every situation with the same cheery attitude, we see her feeling a range of "negative" emotions without switching straight to sadness- such as being confused or underwhelmed, and generally a little less extroverted than usual. Not just that, but she's also thinking a lot more reasonably, with moments where she actually questions why things are happening or where she is, when normally she'd just go along with anything (you can also see this in her greater variety of expressions). It's really interesting to see!
FREE THERAPY!?
SHE BACKS HEHEHEHEHEEHEHHE
*dreamy sigh * what’s wrong with her?
no way
Wait fr? Ong? A new ena episode dropped.
YAHOOOOO
ENA!!!!!!!!!!
AAAAAA
Yo the music for this episode was awesome
ena has depression
YAY
ANOTHER ENA VIDEO, YEAHHHH
Cool I’m gonna die now
With content like this, who needs drugs?
DIOS, Me encanta como ahora vas cambiando los estilos artisticos de los cortos, son mucho mas abstractos que antes.
HAPPY ENA'S VOICE SOUNDS SO COOL and of course Lizzie Freeman did a great job as always :)
YO WTFF
This seems like a prologue and I don't know why
Neat.
MY FAVE OMG I LOVE ENA
OMG NEW ENA VIDEO?
Que grande la animación que se marcaron acá tras los macarrones– me voy a ver la estética, que luego el LoooOore ksksks
Finally
I remember discovering ENA when Temptation Stairway dropped, what a sensation I had forgotten through the years!! But fun is never lost  Zigurat building of joy
WOAH
Let’s gooo! They’re back!!!
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G MADE A NEW ENA VIDEO!
I don't know who this is or what this is, but I want to bite all of it
SHES SO CUTE AAAA
NEW ENA EP LETSGOOOO
Finally, an episode where ENA gets therapy.
Oh my goodness this gotta the craziest one yet! Glad ena's back
MYYY GOSSHHH I'M BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!! ✨✨
amazing once again
as someone with DID i see a lot of myself in ENA. everything being strange and off while you dissociate, having multiple “parts” and having to learn to accept them
What the he'll happened to ENA
Ohhhhhpordios
JOEL G ANSWERED OUR PLEAS. SHE WAS GIVEN THERAPY.
OKKK
YESSSSSSS ENA GANG RIIIIISE  JOELG POSTED
IT'S SO WONDERFUL
YAAAAAAA BOIIIIIII, ok now that im done fanboying, this is absolutely wonderful
I really hope we see blue/yellow ENA again in dream BBQ, even just as a skin or Easter egg, but even more so if she’s part of the greater story (which is just my theory since we saw the sea of ENAs in temptation stairway). As always you knocked it out of the park! I got some excellent Yume Nikki vibes from this and it felt so good
YOU SHOULD RING THE BELL AND RUN -MOONY It seems familiar to me like when Thanos said you should have hit the head.
en efecto es cine
this episode is a very well-done one. and what i like about it is how it allows the viewer to have many interpretations. in this journey, ena shows a very empty and depressed part of herself. the whole episode she's trying to find "fun," but i think what suits better is something like happiness or joy, and even so, ena seems to not be achieving that happiness. in many moments during this video, it's shown how she can't find that joy and she can't comprehend it (to be specific, 2:03 "and even so I...don't recognize this strain of joy" and 5:21 "I can't sense any change in me"). pretty much while everyone was being amused by the acts in the theater, by different ways & reactions, ena stood the same.  one specific part that I really liked was the realization that she wasn't really happy, on 5:21. the mask, which was by her side through this whole episode, dragging her, attached to her face, and is represented, specifically in the elevator scenes, as opposites, showing both in different sides, however, still connected to each other, is in some sort of way hiding the emotions that ena feels, and after they disconnect, in act 5 "therapy" the mask is agitated, exaggerating everything and being super active, even bouncing around the screen, meanwhile in the background, ena is just crying, having a meltdown or something.  and when she finally says how she can't understand herself, the mask explodes. this whole episode might be ena just trying to find joy in her life, and she gets a possible resolution in the final act, with the mask being some sort of parasite, dragging ena around, but still, trying to be positive in a negative environment.  but overall, this episode really focused and worked way more on ena's character instead of what's happening around her, and that's what makes it so special, giving us, the viewers, a possibility to relate to her, and give ena character development. and the design, the animation, everything is very well done, and of course, the funny moments are actually funny, with moony just putting anything she finds in her, like, square hole? idk how to say it.  but well, this is a very good piece of art. do you have any other interpretations/opinion about this episode? i'd love to hear it!
8:20 This face perfectly describes everyone of us when we have seen ENA for the first time
things just got so much weirder and I love it lmao
Wah, ENA's Back?! That's kind of a shocker.
Cheese and rice.
ENA IN 2023
THAT WAS SO GOOD IM SO HIGH AND THAT WAS SOOG ODO
WWWOOOOOOOOOOO
FINALLY AFTER WAITING SO LONG
"Special thanks to Sr Pelo" 🙂
this episode made me just as confused as temptation stairway and im here for all of it!!!
ENA MY BELOVED
I wish I could understand the story of ena but…….I just can’t
hell yeah
E SAIU A NOTICIA, QUE O MUNDO N ACREDITOU, A IGREJAAAA SUBIUUU, JESUS VOLTOOOOOOU
once more into the incomprehensible!
i absolutely adore the aesthetic of ENA, im so excited for dream bbq
“Hey sorry our game is gonna take a little longer, here’s an entire new main series cartoon” Joel you spoil us 😋
My theory is that in the previous episode, ENA wished to be more fun (or happy, or something like that), and so her peppy side (yellow) took over her body. Her other side, when kicked out, manifested as the mask. It wasn't possible to get rid of it entirely, so it stayed attached to her. Through her experience in this episode, she learned to accept that her blue side was a part of her, and it's not possible to always be happy and have fun.
FINALY
:)
HELL YEAH
YASSS
Ill explode now from happieness😃
Loved watching this! Each episode is such a delight to watch, with how people make theories and thoughts, how the animation is always unique and different, its amazing.
Wow I forgot how delightfully weird and absurd this series was
I'm not high enough for this...
Ena is a theater kid. This explains so much
LESTGOOOOOOOO
THE END HAD ME DYING😭💀
It's beautiful joel!
ENA FANS RISE FROM THE DEAD NEW CONTENT HAS APPEARED
That was such an intresting thing to see, and oddly the most comforting episode yet If you ever make merch of that one skull saying Because it's joy at 5:33 I will buy it, I wouldn't even care what it's on
I loved this! And ENA's friendship with moony and how there are things ENA just questions and Moony dosn't lol. Cant wait for more!
WAKE UPPPP EVERYONEEEE
4:01  what happened, why Ena has a piece of her face hanging and alive?
where am I
IS THIS A WALKTHROUGH ?????
Oh fr?
Que genial otro vídeo
OMG THIS UPLOADED ON MY BIRTHDAY
OH BOY! WE WERE STARVING WE MUST CONSUME THIS GRACIOUS MEAL ONCE MORE
HELL YEAHHH THE STRANGE SERIES BACK AGAIN
That’s hilarious, I JUST started getting back into ena yesterday and then this vid came out
YESSS🔥🔥
wake up babe, Joel G drop a new ENA episode
FINALLYYYYYYYY
Oh wow, this is somehow relatable? I couldn’t pinpoint it for anyone who asks how but it is
ENA IS HERE YAY!!!
Relatable yet incomprehensible, thank you
my theory is ENA entered a theater that provided all kinds of entertainment of joy (include glory hole p*rn, sure), she thought acting to be joy like an actress can cure her sadness (which her sad blue face became a mask and happy), but at the end she just realized it's meaningless when she can't feel the joy
Woooooooooooooooo
YOU GOT THEEEE GRIFFIN PUATU FOR HAPPY ENA????!?!?
I had no idea what was happening but I loved every second of it
Finally early to a ENA episode :0
5:20 This is probably my favorite part of this episode, and i feel like a lot of Youtubers/content creators can relate to. Ena tries to get joy out of performing on stage (aka, performing for an audience, like a youtuber or content creator does) but although Ena can sense that the people watching the performance are enjoying it, Ena herself can't seem to find joy in it. It's even sadder a moment later when she calls it a "chore" meaning that she sees the performance more as work, rather than something that fulfills her, similar to how a Youtuber may feel trapped in a content hole of only being able to produce videos that perform well, rather than producing videos that they truly enjoy.
this is the best ena episode yet and here I was thinking we wouldnt get anything more for our og blue and yellow ena!
omg o g om g
BABEE THE NEW ENA EPISODE CAME OUTT
JOEL AFTER 3 YEARS OF WAITING, PLEASE BRING MORE ❤❤❤
Ena going to a theatre was just as insane as I expected. I love it!
Cómo me encantan estos vídeos :>  Son geniales
everything i could've wanted and more
That split rabbit character immediately reminded me of the weird uncanny video by AnimationFilms1212 called The Bunny Rabbit Movie! I love the uncanny 3d pre-renders in this.
This makes me think back to that “are you drunk again” line from Moony. That, and ENA’s overall social anxiety being “allergic to people”. She also had that moment before the auction of extreme pessimism that she immediately tried to wave off. I’m guessing the mask is the tenant of ENA’s wish from the last episode where her face turned yellow like her happier half. Guess she wished for happiness, but what she got was fake.
ENA’s inferno
Has it been [INCOMPREHENSIBLE] years already? How'd ENA and Moony get out of The Great Runas?
Splenduous and melshing! I am quite electric now thank!
I may be completely wrong here, but this episode feels like it has a particular focus on art. ENA holds up her mask like Hamlet holds up the skull, and she explores several different forms of artistic expression. Though she can understand what the interest is on a technical level, and she can respect the performers as well as their audience, she can't understand why she's not feeling the joy that others are. It impacts her, but instead of bringing happiness, all she got were "incomprehensible feelings". The therapist's answer is that she cannot change herself in a way to find "fun" in this kind of art, sometimes something just doesn't fit with you. But then the ending comes in almost like a punchline: when Moony asks her if the place was any fun, ENA states that it was "stuffy", AKA "not receptive to new or unusual ideas; conventional and narrow-minded", and then a scene plays out more nonsensical than anything any of the other performers had in store. Her problem was not that she doesn't understand art, but that she got stuck inside the boxes of conventional artforms.  tl;dr art is niche, and with this weird webseries, every fan here has found their niche.
So the game took so long to make that Joel decided to make a video, and the video got so long it became the next episode... I can dig that XD
OMGGGGGG WGATTTTT ITS EHRE
Hearing Gmod sfx in an official Ena video was not something I ever expected to happy but here I am. It was quite a, "fun," experience overall
Im intrigued and wanted to point out ENA's occasional hand motions as she keeps hitting dead ends in the acts. At first her yellow hand was moving normally. But when we see the crying two headed, blue entity, her yellow hand looks like its clawing her own chest. She resumes her normal hand motions when on the way to the next act. But in the therapy act, both hands are practically beating her chest. Then briefly covering her face once blue side starts to take over, like the Temptation stairway meltdown
Trippy as always. Keep it up.
This video make me feel… something. I’m pretty sure it’s joy, maybe
Hurray, new pieces of the story, unfortunately I don’t know English well, so if it’s not difficult for you, please, could you create subtitles for the launch, or at least in English. I love this series and I will be very glad if I can read the dialogue
i love u ENA
What the heck did i just find? Should i be concerned?
Marvelous
yay!!!
I am convinced Moony grabbed what was Joel himself
FINALLY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
"Without your permission, may I check it out?" ENA is honestly something else lol
LIFT UP
HERE IN THE FIRST 24 HRS???  IM TAKING ATTENDANCE WHOS ALL HERE⁉️🌟🍂
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ ohhhhhhh boooooooyyyyy😊😊😊😊😊😅😅😅😅
WE ARE SO BACK!!!
I didnt understand anything but, this is an allusion to drugs, isnt it?
Oh, neat.
YAY ENA TIME🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉!!!!!
THE ENA IS REAL !!
YESSSSSSESES
TELL A FRIEND TO TELL A FRIEND, SHE'S BACKKKKK!!!
Oh dear god ENA again continues to be relatable
okay
no wayyyy
YESSS
YOOOOO AFTER 200 YEARS THE WAITING PAID OFF!! IT FINALLY CAME
I HAVE ARRIVED!
this series does unexplainable things to my brain
That mask really disturbed me, feels like my superego coercing me to recept the surroundings(
whata  good day it is when joel G posts
I can feel my hyper fixation coming back
when she said "Oh no no no" i had ptsd flashbacks
i like how you can hear moonie shouting "RUN" at the beginning. another masterpiece  also at 7:47 ena looks so happy to see moony :D
Aaaahh i miss her so muuuucchhh my beloved ena
Looks like a prequel
ENA IS BACK!!!
AHHH new ena video :'D moony! 7:26
I love how unexpected the ena series is like when you THINK you understand it but you dont cause something else stranger happens
NO WERE DID ENA’S HAPPY VOICE ACTOR GO 😞
3 HOURS EARLY LETS GOOOOOO
Yay! I'm so happy to see Ena again! I love the new style for this video, and the new voice actor for Ena's happy side sounds amazing! Can't wait to see more of this series!
IM SO EXCITED CANT BELIEVE THIS JUST DROPPED AS I WAS TELLING ALL MY FRIENDS ABOUT ENA
YESSAAAAAAH
this episode strongly reminds of an old Brazilian game called Surrealismo, which is, you guessed it, about surrealism. The 3d textures are nearly identical and the vibe is pretty much the same in my head
Nice thrid dimensions Joel
the ena autism episode
Fantastically bizarre and hey, noticed Happy Ena has a new voice actor who has done a fantastic job  excellent work Joel G really do love your ena content
WE WIN YET AGAIN
The first episode starts off perfect
FINALLY OUR DOUBLE FACED FRIEND IS BACK   ENA FANS REJOICE
YIPPEEE!!!
Man, I can never get enough of ENA, the animation alone is so amazing. Just love how surreal everything gets. Congrats to everyone's hard work to the project! 😊
As always with ENA content, Peak.
YAYAYAAAAAAAAA
Glad that ENA is back. I've always enjoyed these stories. The ending has to be my favorite part. Man I love self-aware animation jokes
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA CONTENT JUST DROPPED
FINALLY 🙏
That was fun to watch
OMGOMGOMGOMG O M G  O H  M Y  G O D S
I WAS HERE YESSSSSS ❤❤❤
ENA faces were so cute in the end
ENA really does just float instead of walking huh
Yoooo, this feels like a game!! That’s so cool!
THREE HOURS AGO!!!!!!!
ENA IS BACK
IMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLYIMSILLY
*BABE WAKE UP NEW ƎNA VIDEO*
YES BABY
PEAK
"Babe, wake up, the new video you're going to be re-watching for 4 years just dropped"
it feels so shoooort
i love this
That was good! But is it me or I haven't seen any hourglass dogs ?
YES IT FINALLY HAPPENED; I loved this episode!
Que raro... no tuco traducción puesta por Joel
fantastic as always
Hahahah moony just went “what” and proceeds to grab a guy and put him in her hole…WAIT NO umm her cube hole no uhhhh her eye hole ? I don’t know what’s it’s called so Ima say eye hole
It's been a hot minute yall
MEI DEUS EU OENSEO QUE ERA DE FAN SOCORRO
I really love ena
yeah I'm thinking we're back
HOLT SHET
It’s my bday today:) so happy this was posted 😭❤️
the grand return of ENA
god, ena is a masterpiece every time!! i am SO excited to get to explore her character more!!
Scroink confused, but enjoeys this!! wow! 😺
WOOOO
My theory for this is that Ena wished to understand fun/happiness from runas
I... have no idea what just happened, but I loved it
Its peak. Can NOT wait for the game!
I like how this feels spin-off-y.
bacon lettuce tomato
ENAAAAAA
Why does Mooney do that? Is she trying to keep souvenirs?
As always a MASTER PIECE
I guess Moony hit the twinkies pretty hard, gained all that weight back huh.
Nunca desepcionas Joel G! es un honor seguirte desde hace años ❤
NO WAYYY
This is the closest thing I've seen to a modern Alice in Wonderland story. The original was known for it's nonsense writing and this really feels accurate to me.
God I can't(can) wait till the dream BBQ
I love how wonderfully absurd the world of ENA is. Pure delight.
Today is a good day, we see ENA once more!! THANK STARS SHES BACK!! WONDERFUL WORK AS ALWAYS!!!!
I was just re-watching the whole series yesterday!
えなだーーーーーー
Beautiful as always Joel. Thank you to all the involved in your projects.
Honeslty i kinda dont like this new style but i think it can work
i don't know what happened and i'm okay with that
Finally!❤❤❤  but 0:56 wtf hahahaha
Wow 2 hours ago!
*Ahem ahem* new ENA episode??????
ENAAAAA OMG 💕💕💕
Cuanto tiempo joel :)
THIS EPISODE WAS SO GOOD AHHHH
ENA IS A LEGEND, AND LEGENDS NEVER DIE!!!!!!!
I feel like this takes place between Extinction Party and Temptation Stairway. I think that this shows the beginning of moony obsorbing object in their hole. It cant come after Temptation Stairway because after that their appearances are very altered. And I dont think its right After Auction Day because this shows some of Enas efforts to get rid of sadness something very prevalent in Temptation Stairway.
The amount of Yume Nikki vibes I get from this is crazy, that aside this is amazing as always!
I fear if i drop acid while watching this, i ain't coming back..
is the ENA game still in dev or has it been shelved? haven't really heard any updates on it so I kinda forgot it existed lol
CANT WAIT FOR DREAM BBQ THIS WAS SO GOOD
???
Thanks to 7:40 & 8:40, we finally know what the deal is with Moony having random objects in her eye is! She just grabs random things and stuffs them in there. Can't believe people were theorizing that she killed the shepherd from Temptation Stairway...
AAAAHHHHHHH YIPPEEEE
YEAHHHH NEW ENA EPISODE!!!!!
absolutely baffling as  always. THIS  is true modern art
ENA STANS WAKE UP!! 😆
Omg!
YEAAAH BABY THIS IS WHAT WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!
Glad to see Mooney as recovered from being thinner
Ah, looks like we've finally arrived to thENApy.  Get well soon, ENA! Or there will be consequences.
OmG ITS BEEN SOO LOOONGG
Gee gollys some of this 3d stuff looks really nice
I wonder if the game will be similar to this episode
The character designs in this are so good
No entendi mucho pero me gusto xD <3 <3<3
ENA FANS, UNITE 👹👹👹
More ENA content Is ALWAYS (Always...) appriciated!  I'm loving the perspective take y'all took here
I love the foreshadowing at the beginning :) Bc at the beginning you can see ENA pushing the doorbell and you can hear moony screaming in the distance for her to run away from the door lmao
I'm glad she finally got therapy Everyone, especially knew she needed it.
ДАААААААААААААА МЫ ДОЖДАЛИСЬ!!!!!!
it's incredible how you can come up with something like this!
OH MY GOODNESS
Finally a new episode!
ENA PLUSHIE
ENA hits different when half asleep
WOOOOOOO ITS BEEN 392649472 YEARSSS
I will never ever watch this in VR alone after trying weed ever in my life.
The therapist sounds like markipler
AFTER ALL OF THESE YEARS WE FINALLY GOT ANOTHER ENA VIDEOOOO LETS GOOOO ‼️‼️🗣
no entendi nada :D me gusta
Ah yes the non euclidian waifu ...
I really enjoyed the elevator scenes! I don't know! something about it just felt so dynamic and full of personality!
Your animation techniques are amazing they scratch that Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing, early web, point-and-click andventure, windows 98 screensaver part of my brain. I always look forward to seeing your work and this was no exception!
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT 💙💛
that damn that ragdoll sounds
Who is Moony pulling into her hole?😰
OMG UR BACK!
i thank god for ena’s old va being replaced with a new one
I have to said this was a interesting episode. I like this was this was  Ena exploring joy and happiness. With that mask thing forcing her blue/sad side to be happy.  Again an interesting way to explore Ena character here
🖤
Dayum
😻😻😻
Acid is one helluva drug I'll telling you that much
VOLTOU FDPPPPP
I feel so fed from this potluck
OMG NEW EPISODE LETS GOOOOOOOO‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
ENAAAAAAAA
“Without your permission, may I check it out?” God I’ve missed this abstract land of nonsensical politeness
Hm, now correct me if i'm misremembering, but i feel as though this is following the aftermath of ENA's wish in Temptation Stairway. In said installment: she wished for eternal happiness, shown by her blue side turning yellow at the end. However, as shown here in Power of Potluck; the wish only gave her a mask to SEEM eternally happy, when in truth, she still feels the sadness she sported before she made her wish, now only without the ability to express it.  Since this isn't the first time she ventured to this place, it's clear that she has been attending this therapist for quite a while. Perhaps the more times she attended these sessions, the more she came to view this wish for "eternal happiness" as a parasite only making her miserable, inflicting her with a case of smiling depression. Her second yellow side returning to blue, now only with a manic mask obscuring her sorrow, seems to show her recognizing more and more that this "joy" is only artificial, and isn't helping her feel better.  I feel as though the mask combusting is a visual metaphor for ENA finally being able to mentally free herself of this "eternal happiness" and being able to express her sorrow once more. Despite her not feeling any better in the moment, it's clear she's already made tremendous progress, enough for her to be able to continue her path to healing without the aid of her therapist.  Honestly, i applaud this installment! It manages to continue the plot in a way that feels warranted, and not out of place, as well as giving another fascinating perspective to the end of Temptation Stairway. This might be my new favorite in the ENA series!
She looks annoyed, waiting in the elevator.
YOOOOOOO
WAHHHHHHHHHH
YESSSS
SPECIAL THANKS TO SR PELO YESSSSSS
epick
So season one has now officially 4 episodes?
small detail, but if you watch it in the start again, you actually hear moony yell "run! ruun!" over and over again, at first when i watched it, I did not recognize moonys voice, maybe cuz its been a while since I watched an ENA episode. Regardless, I enjoyed it to no end, this was very weird to understand until the end, ENA behaved so differently while her mask was out, I barely could recognize her until she met up again with Moony, and this does indeed make me wonder what it all means, what an AMAZING show!
YESSSSS‼️
OMGG?!!
Como siempre buenisimo🖤🖤🖤
I MISSED YOU BBG ENA
Loved every part of it
HOT AND FRESH, SCRUMDIDDLYUMPTIOUS
So this is why joel vanished off earth for about 3 years
FINALMENTE........ LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
holy cow
It’s been HOW LONG?!?
Finally, what we all wanted
HELP IM GONNA CRY SHES BACK 😭😭
Wow
YES! YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!!!!
I think this is my favorite episode so far!!! The animations were all so cool!
I Wonder what drug the creator use to make This show, i think its a good one
Still no where near as odd as Planescape Torment
Ena is an enby icon.
Weeeeee! Weeeeee!
The crying statues are receiving backshot.
HELL YEAH NEW EP
I LOVE ENA
NEW ENA VIDEO, YIIIPPPPYYYYY🎉🎉... WAAAA💥💥💥
INCREDIBLE
Never thought I'd needed a visual representation of what its like to play "Ding Ding Ditch" while high off Shrooms.
AFTER A LONG TIME OF WAITING FINALLY YYAAYAYAY
Gmod animations be like: 8:41
I legit didn't even realize there was a new VA for ENA.
I love Moony so much
3:21 The way she disappeared behind the curtain is iconic, I adore ALL of the ENA animations. What a true masterpiece!
Man what just HAPPENED I just got stunned by gorgeous visuals and wholesomeness for 9 minutes straight like... how little they are?!!! :'s
OMGOMGOMG
hell yeah love me some vlif
Ok i have been watching this whole thing and yet, every new video seems like a fever dream, could someone juice me up (put me up to date) with what the community understood of all this
THE RAGDOLL NOISES
HECKING YES HECKING YES HECKING YESSSSSSS❤❤❤❤  Edit: I hope those old school blue-yellow ENA episodes keep coming out from time to time. Dream BBQ looks amazing, and I appreciate the evolution of ENA from a schoolgirl to a salesman, but I still hold the original dear to my heart, maybe it's the nostalgia goggles, but if that's the case - keep them on please
ENA oficially has depression :/
THE RETURN
WELL THAT WAS UNEXPECTED
My All-Time FAVORITE Internet series has returned! Thank you to everyone who contributed to this project.❤
Weren't kidding when you said it's comming sooner than you'd think
Amazing!
1:37 enangelion
Moony got the weight back we see
Amigos, necesito esto en bucle
ENAAAAAAA
AAAAA I LOVE THIS
Some observations.  -either this takes place before temptation stairway, or moony can shift between her moon and human forms. I’m leaning towards the latter judging by the white arm we see come out of her for a few seconds.  -everyone in these shorts usually has a voice of their own, and usually in a different language. But everyone here except the therapist is silent. This obviously isn’t a happy place, and I think it represents an addiction, or something that seems joyful but is actually harmful.  -building on that, I noticed that in the first two episodes, the distinction between ena’s happy and sad sides were quite clear. But in stairway, they were more muddled; happy speaking with sad’s voice and vice versa. She then wished for her sad side to go away. Here, there’s long veins that the now mutilated sad mask is attached to, signaling that she tried and failed to manually tear it off her body. Assuming that this does take place after stairway, I’m assuming that the wish failed and her sad side came back with a vengeance.  -moony, oh moony oh moony oh moony, how I love thee.  -this was an unusually dark episode. I wonder if the trend will continue.  -I also wonder if they’re still inside runas.
AAAAAAAAAA
only Joel G knows how to make it up for delaying his game, brilliant as always!
So what's that thing attached to her face?
YEAHHHH
Moon really sad what? 🤓
Wut...???
Eternity passed already?!
FINNALLYAYYAYAYAY
i like how ambitious this video is, it was both terrifying and goofy to watch the chaos unfold. wonder if this is ena learning to accept her sad side, since putting on that abomination of a mask didn't feel like real joy to her. that skull mass at the end is my best evidence for it, with her not getting his lesson at all of finding joy in the little moments.
Wait a tick...I thought Moonie lost weight?   *[Sees arm come out]*  Ah, there it is!
i get it
Strange how the most abstract of the ena stories is possibly the one that's most on the nose about what it's trying to convey
ENA
SIIICK
ENA FANDOM ARISE
HERE BEFORE 1 MIL GANG
Babe wake up, new ENA just dropped.
This episode made my day. I was feeling gray and worn out until the notification filled me with excitement. Thank you JoelG and everyone involved for creating this beautiful experience.
Wow, this is art! I love the layers of complexity in this. When i first watched it, the visuals and characters were so puzzling and interesting to look at. Then I watched it again to understand its story. Gotta say, the dialogue and the way ENA interacts with everything is really nice! Can't wait for the next one!
ENA ENA ENA ENA ENA ENA
ENA VOLTOOOOOOU!!!!!
YIPEEEEEEE
I love how the character with the bunny ears talks,it’s so silly
RAHHHHHHH
ЙОООО ГОСПОДИ КАК Я ЖДАЛА
It's giving DS/3DS vibes. Gotta love the wonky graphics and cubey 3-d style!
WE ARE SO BACCKKKKK
I needed this today. Thank you, Joel G!
If even Ena’s getting weirded out by something, that’s a bad sign
i love how every time i seem to think i understand ENA i grow more baffled
I'm at a genuine loss for words to describe this
bro this whole video felt like an acid trip and im here for it
WOOOOO
Im glad the history of this ENA isn't over :)
So Moonys hand is a kleptomanic?
MDS MDS MDSSSSSSS, VOLTA COM TUDO  ENAAAAAAAA
HELL YEAH‼️ awesome episode as always!
Power of potluck
We’re eating good today, new ENA just dropped
FINALLY A ENA EPISODE NAME WITHOUT EACH TWO WORDS ENDS WITH -ion AND -ay (but i missed the -ion and -ay thing)
YEEEAAAHHHHHHH
AHHHH NEW ENA REEEEEEEEEEWEEEEWWW I BREATH EAT AND SLEEP ENA!
Finally, after 00110001 00110000 00110001 00110110  days, the Great Runas finally granted my wish.   New ENA episone :D
Oh my gosh!!!!!! I love itttttttt amazing work Joel g!
Moony is like a friend that does things you might not fully understand, but you follow along anyway because they give you something to do or experience and they enjoy your time as a friend.
This feels like a game 😖😖😖
I LOVE ENA
ENAAAAAA OML
Love it, love it, love it.
I LOVE how the style of the show changed to an point and click from 2000 due to the new location, it fits really good to the atmosphere!
WOAH NEW EPISODE WE’VE BEEN FED
FINALLY
Just as ENA observed this "play," always on the verge of understanding on some level, yet never quite comprehending...so I observe this video.  And yet I enjoy it. So this is "fun"...I think.
So, one of the things about Ena is that she mostly talks with her happy side. Like, throughout all of the videos so far, the happy side gets the most lines, especially of lines that actually move conversations forward or serve to interact with others. The sad side gets comedic asides and bits that mostly go ignored, or are treated as annoying and rude by the other characters.  And that goes for this video as well - in fact, Ena doesn't use her sad side at any point up until the mask is destroyed. Given the mask is credited as a different character, and that it doesn't use the same dialect (the uwu speak) of her sad side, I'm going to count that as not her sad side speaking.  But the emotional climax of this one seems to be about Ena denying her sad side, masking it for the sake of others, and seeking happiness at the sad side's expense. And the biggest line in this video was the sad side's, acknowledging her true negative feelings rather than the performative thing she does normally.  Idk if that's going to end up meaning something for her sad side going forward (especially considering the game is eschewing happy/sad for a different pairing). But it have some interesting interplay with previous videos, at least.
this makes me feel emotions that don't exist
OMG
when my dreams make more sense something is very right to be completely incoherent
Omg i am amazed o-O WHAT A PERFORMANCE!!!! Mooney was all mooney again, Joel got eaten by Mooney, Ena didn’t enjoy entertaining us, wow that was incredible!
THAT SOUNDTRACK THO😩
THA WAS FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN ?
My heart skipped a beat
It’s completely obvious but I would never have guessed that Ena was a theatre kid.
NEW ENA OH MY GOD!!!!
The gmod physics noise got me..
THANK YOU SO MUCH EVERYONE
I was taken on a trip to somewhere strange and then reminded how good it is to enjoy the little things. Thank you for the wonderful experience and reminder.
YAYY THANK YOU JOEL I LOVE UR WORK!! KEEP IT UP
After years, our legend finally raised up with a spectacle
ENAAAA
Whats going on with ENA's face???
Dude the gameplay looks sooooo smooth! I'd pay GREAT money for this!!!
I am the 93,348th person to see this within 2 hours
groovy
very cool
OMG ?? NEW ENA VIDEO ????
ENA!!!??!?!?!????
Спочатку не зрозумів до чого тут слова психотерапевта, але коли Луна запихнула людину всередину зі звуком регдоллу з "Гарріс Моду", все стало на свої місця😂
LETS GOOO
REAWOKEN
ITS BEEN SO LONG, I MISSED ENA
Ha pasado mucho tiempo desde que vi ese rostro! Ena?! Jsoabdoqdibqlx 😭 Mi vida 💕💕💕 Volvió!!! Por dios la echaba de menos neta la extrañaba! Pero dios está vez si se Lucieron con este episodio nuevo! La animación es magnífica! Y el drama de la historia es!...hijole no se inglés no entendí la gran parte del vídeo xddd O bueno- si- un poco Tremendoooo En pocas palabras ame este episodio y regreso! Ena 😭💕💕💕
After 300 years, my desire for silly ENA and Moony shenanigans are satisfied for few centuries. YAYAYAYAY! ENA doesn’t seem to appreciate noodle … dog … zipper boy.
AYOOO
Les goooooooooooooo, I love you Joel I like how it feels like a game, getting me hype for the Dream BBQ Game!!!
QUICK EVERYONE ACT LIKE THE INTERNET ISN'T CRUMBLING 3NA IS HERE!!!!
THE DAY OF GREATEST HAS ARRIVED
Thank you Goel G for once again obliderating my sanity with an unrecognizable strain of joy.
Amo lo creativo que pueden llegar a ser estos cortos, realmente vale la pena esperar
Man I love Bunny lady's design, it's so wonderfully abstract yet solid.
OMG I LOVE THIS SO DUCKING MUCH
Super Mario RPG Wonder looks great!
LESGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That is the highest likes to views ratio I have ever seen
i love this
GUYS MY RESON TO BREATH HAS POSTED ANOTHER ENA VID
Acid trip time, BABY!
ENA!!! :D
WAKE UP FOLKS NEW ENA
i believe this talks about the different stages and ways to have some sort of dopamine or gratification. From consuming to creating and in some way, loosing the appeal for these as you are covering yourself with a mask and not actually enjoying anything, hence the therapy starts
OH MY GOD.
Was about to head to bed, but I had to watch this. Love your series, thank you for sharing a masterpiece with us once again!
Im going so autistic over this … might be the best day ever me thinks. I’m so glad I got a glimpse of moony,  adventures continue!!!!
I LOVE ENA SO MUCH I LOVE YOU Joel AND EVERYONE INVOLVED YOU ARE SO COOL
Surreal
VOLVIÓ LA REINAAAAAA
a brilliant masquerade
Eba ENA tá de volta
The mask seems like a cool character, I wonder how Ena ended up with it? I also like Ena's new voice for her happy side! It's similar enough, but enough change to be interesting.
Yeeesssss it’s here honey get up Joel g uploaded 👍👍👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love how ENA consistently delivers on an experience that always starts from a place of being entirely incomprehensible,  but by the end of it things start to make more and more sense as you pick up cues of what the hell is going on.   It's a bizarre and wonderful world, but there are rules, weird as they are.
Bruh the ending... what is going on?
So happy for new ENA content 😁😁
NEW ENA UPLOAD, WOO
Старый добрый абстракционизм. Я скучала по тебе, Эна
Great
Я был до 100к просмотров
ena has a weird ass dog
Ena fans bout to be spazzing
Its always such a joy to see a new ena short, and somehow it never misses. Thank you so much for this
I think this is chronologically the first episode
AHAHA
I don't think I understand what ever goes on in these, and not even in like a 'my concious and waking brain can't make sense of constantly changing plot, but my subconcious understands the deeper meaning for me' kind of way, I don't think ANY part of me understands any single part of what goes on at any given moment, but it's strange, I don't feel like I need to, I feel, strangely, like not making sense of it is what makes it so fun to watch, what makes it feel both incomprehensible and kind of... familiar, cozy even  ig it's kinda like the backrooms except instead of yellow wallpaper and buzzing lights, strange endless pools with shin deep water, it's that weird world that only exists on the internet, as a concept or a feeling, it's like feeling of the backrooms with the computer nostalgic aesthetic of the amazing digital circus  I like not understanding this :)
How esoteric, even by ENA standards. Fascinating new approach.   I love, as well, that it's a different sort of video-game-esque presentation. This time echoing point and click adventures or early RPGs such as the first Fallout  Great stuff as always Joel. Glad to see the creativity of your mind hasn't found its boundaries yet. Can't wait to explore more of it in Dream BBQ
YEEAAAHHH
GASP SCREEEEERVH
The part with the second act reminds me of the King in Yellow stories by Robert W. Chambers, where the first act of the play (the King in Yellow) lures people in and the second act "enlightens" them and puts them in a sort of psychosis, often an addiction. Plus the faces in Act II resemble it imagery of the "pallid mask" supposedly worn by the king himself.
Incomprehensible as always! God I love this series.
joel j here just dropping a banger after like 5 years
Damn, bro got Source ragdoll physics'd.
Did Moony just snap that poor guy's neck???
Ayyy 2 hours late
IM GONNA EXPLODE
10 minute ENA video??? what did i do to deserve this, thank you
ENA TIME!!! IM S EXCITED FOR ENA TO ENA AND ENA SOME MORE!!! ‼️‼️‼️ This is a real ENA day!”!1!1! MARKING THIS AS A HOLIDAY ON MY CALENDR!!!
OMG YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
another masterpiece. thank you
What an epic way to come back to the internet
Since the last ENA short I came out of the closet and started HRT.  I feel like I can finally start existing without my mask....
AFTER 100 WE FINALLY HAVE ANOTHER VÍDEO
Was the mask the blue? Why she had thr green emotion inside blue? And also moony has her arm. Means her thinner form is inside of her but what this all means??
another great piece to the series.
ENANA
YAY
moony kidnapped Miyazaki - my dad
WHERE'S THE GAME JOEL
1:40 wait. That mask thing is patched onto sad ena! What happened in the 2 years we last saw this one???  8:45 als o wtf was that ending llmao
YES ITS FINALLY HERE :D
This is crazy I just rewatched all the episodes yesterday
I have been awakened
OMG YAYYYY🎉
Somehow this actually helped me out mentally 😂 Another Amazing Joel G ENA animation has got me extra excited for ENA: Dream BBQ
huh
Honestly, I still don't understand this "plot development" or really the "idea" of this series. Yet, it doesn't matter much anymore still entertaining at least.
YESS ANOTHER ENA VIDEO GAHAHHHAHAHAH
Omg
This was honestly gorgeous ❤
YOOOOO
OH MY LAWWWWWD
MY GIRLFRIEND
“because it’s a joy you still don’t understand” truer facts have never been spitted 🔥🔥✍️
Skdh tá ajajaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa new ena episode ⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥💥💥💥
The therapists voice reminded me of markiplier
Babe walk up Joel G uploaded
This is the best experience I’ve ever smelled!
ABSOLUTLEY AMAZING! CANT WAIT FOR THE GAME TO COME OUT TOO!!!
I loved every part of this! My heart was filled with joy seeing the special thanksto sr pelo 💕💕
SUCH JOYOUS EXPRESSIONS CANNOT BE FACED IN SUCH A WAY. WE HAVEN'T LAID OUT THE RED CARPETS, AND THE INTERNET IS ALL DIRTY WE CANNOT WELCOME THE NEW ENA LIKE THIS!
MORE ENA LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Sr. Pelo in the credits!!!!!!
Hehehe i saw that thanks to sir Pelo in the desc
AHHH ENA IS BACK😭😭😭😭
Joyous Celebrations are inbound. Ena has is no more until today later.
Even Ena went to therapy, and you didn't
YESYESYESYES
I love how the mask points toward her next objective
Ean
YOOOO GUYS, NEW ENA VID JUST DROPPED! WOOOOOOOO
ENA IS BACKKK! Very happy and I’m now even more excited for the game! Keep it up 🎉
Finally he came back Ena yes!
If it doesn’t take 10 rewatches to understand even a fraction of what’s going on, it isn’t ENA.
YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAEE3ESSSSSSSSSS ITS SO BEAUTIFUL  I truly love how almost every episode has a different vibe with the same aesthetic  And THIS one really nails the 90s Game! I'm also really glad vilf made the music
YEAAAAA
OMFG
LETSSS GOOOO WWWW ENA IS BACKKKKK!!!
Holy butt no way
is the pose Ena uses in the elevator a deltarune reference xd? ANyways, THIS WAS AN AMAZING EPISODEEEEE Everyone seemed more expressive (in facial expressions i mean) andthe animation i think it was better than the other chapters! Even while making the game, this was amazing, thanks Joel and everyone working on the game and the series!
yessssssssssssssss THANK YOU JOEL AND THE TEAM
ARARARA YAAAY
WELCOME BACK, JOEL!!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤
*GASP*
It has been a while since I got to see a video of ENA for a while
After all these years
4:32 makes me think of paper mario lmao
LEs gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
GUESS WHOS BACK 🚨🚨‼️‼️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔉🔉🔥🔥
The mask bouncing around at 6:20 reminded me of when the tv or dvd logo would bounce around the black screen.....and almost never touch the corners-
MY WIFE IS BACK LETS GOOOOO 🎉
7:24
UAAAAAH
DAYUM!!
I wonder if this is part of the Game
best christmas gift ever
im HERE im HERE i MADE IT lets GO 63,575 VIEWS HELL YEAH
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA
THE LORD HAS SPOKEN
‼️‼️‼️‼️
FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS I LAY DORMANT...
WE'RE EATING WELL TONIGHT, GENTLEMEN
I just love how all of the characters ENA meets seem to be singing along to the background music.
woauhyyydyuu
9 minutos passaram tão rápido.
Really great per usual. Thank you so much for your hard work
Let's go
Hola
THAT WAS AMAZINGGG I LOVE ENA SO MUCH
YESS.. what a big surprise this is!~💕  my heart is racing with excitement and joy
FINALMENTE ENA VOLTOU 🎉
Ah, yes. Ena has finally received the therapy she needed.
ITS HERE🔥🔥🔥
YIPPE NEW ENA SHORT LET'S GOOOO
SHE'S SO COOL I LOVE HER
Babe wake up, Joel G uploaded
I love Ena
Another ENA episode!
YES NEW ENA VIDEO WOHOOO
HECK YEAH
ENA??
I've been waiting for this for 1,017 days 1,017 DAYS but it was worth it =)
Finally a new episode! I really enjoyed the episode and the lesson I got from it was that the fun moments are the small moments and the ones that are surprising in a good way.
УРААРУРУРУРРУРАРАРАРА
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD WOAG
I’ve been summoned..
The old ENA was indeed better, one from the Auction Day
yay
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
bro when i saw "therepy" in a ena episode i knew we were getting lore
Honey wake up new ena content just dropped 🗣️
Your work is good r
o nice
the gmod ragdoll sound at the end 💀💀💀
I was not expecting this to come out so fast. It was great!
Was the mask actually a parasite, or a representation of masking ones emotions?
INCREDIBLE!!!
Love it
I had no idea I got here so early, but apparently this was only 2 hours ago!
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SINCE I WAS 10
¿Qué te fumas? Comparte.
ENA VOLTOU AEEEE, BOM DEMAIS
HALLELUJA
yESSSSS IM SO HAPPYY AAAAAAA WUAAAAAAAHHGHDAOPJVJSA I LOVE IT I LOVE ITTTT I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT
Masterpiece.
The perspective trickery in these is ALWAYS mind-bendingly cool. Especially with the mixed media early-era 3D, it feels like a comedic cousin of Silent Hill.
YAY ENA
WHATS THE BUNNY CHARACTERS NAME PLEASE
This is a passionate surprise. I’m shaking my my boots.
There's something about ENA videos that scratches a very specific itch
WE ARE SO BACK
LES GOOO
VOLVIOOOO‼️‼️‼️
An experience for sure, but was it a fun one? One has to voyage upon there for themselves for answers to tell!
istg i reached a new level of happiness that i have never reached just because this came out
8:21 Ena so cute frfr
I swear this series is unpredictable and I love it
I JUST RANDOMLY WOKE UP AT NIGHT OPENED YOUTUBE AND SAW THAT THIS VID WAS PUBLISHED 1 HOUR AGO WHATTTTTTTT IM SO HAPPY
This was phenomenal, I love exploring more dimensions of this world and seeing new sides to Ena + fresh characters! So excited for the game <3
RAAAAH ENA 😫
Well that was... certainly different from the usual
YESSSSS 🎉🎉
So the good old ƎNA is actually back !
The skull wall has to be the best character
lets goooo omgieeee omgieeeee new ena!!
OH MY GID YAY
NEW EPISODE??
HOLY MOLY MONY
Ena marry me
STRAP IN FELLAS CAUSE ENA IS BACK!
Is it just me or How Act 5 is animated and moves and talks reminds me of that old skeleton in Corpse bride?
ena revivioooo csmmmm
Yes
Thanks for the (3 days late) birthday gift Joel!
This is cinema
Ena always comes to me during finals season
ENA SUPERMACI AAAAAAAAA
WOWWWWWWWWW
that was weird
FINALLY, Welcome back! 💙💛
Finally, some good Ena content. I missed the best girl
NEW ENA EPISODE LETS GO MY GUYS
ITS BEEN 1MILLION YEARS ENA FANS RISE UP FROM THE DEAD🗣🗣
That was fun
SHE HAS DEFROSTED
ENA IS BACKKKK
Que acabo de ver? :v
we're so BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Duuude this was AMAZING !!!
We can finally appreciate this wonderful masterpiece after years. I love you work Joel G
Been a while, hasn't it? Great to see another ena episode, excited to see everyone's reactions to all the new characters! I like how this episode was presented as a top-down exploration game rather than in first person like the previous 2 episodes! I wonder if that means we will see other unique styles of gameplay in Dream BBQ. Speaking of, take as much time as you need on it Joel! You know what good old Miyamoto says, "a rushed game is forever bad, but a delayed game is eventually good".
Gotta love the Gmod ragdoll noises at the end
3:18 me after stealing all of the screws and bolts from the overhead theater lights (I like how they rattle in my hands)
new hallucinations just dropped
A masterpiece as always!
YESSS
ENA’s, ENA’s Not ok guys.
This is so based so real so gyat omg I’m mewing so hard rn
we've been blessed this day with new ENA
ONLY AN HOUR AGO ONLY AN HOUR AGO SKLHBUYDYDSB
ENA IS BACK
HERMOSOOO SIMPLE MENTE HERMOSO!!!😍♥️♥️♥️
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
OH MY GOOD SHUT UP THIS IS AMAZING
Ye
Ahh its soo good to get an earlier christmas present
A .. manic episode ..??
DUDE WAS JUST WATCHING THE ENA SERIES LAST NIGHT AND THIS UPLOADED??
i think i get it... huh
NEW ENA NEW ENA EVERYONE WAKE UP
Mannn you should collab with Gooseworx and Andyland
LETS GOOOO
So fun!!
JOEL FINALLY FEEDS US AFTER A YEAR. CELEBRATE!!!!!
my new computer wallpapers. 3:19 - 3:22
3:36 unown?
hi dad
BABE WAKE UP THE NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED
Eu não entendendo por que não sei inglês é só traduz a fala da Ena:
WHEN THE BODY MADE GMOD RAGDOLL SOUNDS I CLAPPED!!  I KNOW WHAT THAT IS!!!
2:43 LOOKS LIKE A PERSONA 3 REFERENCE LOL
THE GMOD RAGDOLL SOUND!
Act V: THERAPY.  Thanks, I definetly need it with this series.
SIIIII ES AQUI!!!
ENA’s face at the end will be a meme for sure
Algorithmic punch!
OH MY GOD IT'S BEEN SO LONG
IVE SEEN NOBODY TALKIGN ABT THIS SO IMABOUT TO: Has anyone noticed that Enas "Happy side" Is the one really looking for happiness and joy? Sure the sad side probably is too.. But even after blue ena came back, Yellow Ena looked bored, and even unhappy still. Like she's still looking for that happiness that she's lost.   And apparently,  she's been looking for it for a while, so she can BE the happy side, instead of faking it... THAT'S JUST MY INTERPRETATION OF IT
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YSE YES YES YES YES SYE YES YES EYSSE YSES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES SYESYSESEYESYESEYEESYEYSEY
My day just become 90% better!
Thank you Joel G! Awesome content as always. You and the team are truly talented.
Amazing video as always. Love the insane work you put into making this feel like some trippy 90s computer game.
jOEL TE QUEREMOS MUCHISIMO MUCHAS GRACIASSSSS 😭✨️💕💕💕💕💕
Anyone else notice how Ena's blue side has been getting weirder and weirder ever since the end of Temptation Stairway? Perhaps she wished to be happy all the time because her sad side is a burden to others.
0:55 I really like her.
jOEL TE QUEREMOS MUCHISIMO MUCHAS GRACIASSSSS 😭✨️💕💕💕💕💕
This episode is short but really really good
Watch the beginning a second time and notice moony shouting for ENA to run from the door
I enjoy this beauty
IT IS BACK 💗💗💗
I never understand what I'm seeing when I watch these and thats ok.
YAYYYYYYY
Live, laugh, love ENA
FOOD
RISE UP EVERYONE‼️🗣️‼️🗣️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Ena
IT SOUETETWTT WY AYMUKAUKSIKQIKKAOLOSOK ITS FINALGYD OUT
ITSS BEEEEN SO LOOOOONGGG-
PROTECT ME WHILE I RECITE THE 91ST PSALM 🗣️
🔥
ENA FANS RISE TOGETHER NOW WOOOO
this one was beautiful and marvelous in more ways than one, I love looking at it and I love therapy
I hope this will help me reduce my apathy. I waited, thank you.
happy
HELL YEAH! THIS IS AWESOME :D
Ah yes, if you look for the light, you will always find it... even if it might take some time...   It perhaps, we are simply so forgetful that we do not remember that we were the light.
The Gmod ragdoll sounds lol
ENA MY BELOVED! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR MORE ENA CONTENT FOR SO LONGGGG! BEAUTIFUL AS ALWAYS JOEL
Why does the Therapist sound like Markiplier?
This is beautiful. ENA is back!
B l u e  M o o n y
babe wake up a new ena animation dropped
I love all this random lore 💕
HERE I AM
WHAT
ena
Depois de 2 anos, a animação que me salvou nos meus piores momentos está de volta. Amo ENA de paixão.
Among us
YAGDKVDJDBDJ
3,612th comment!
WE’RE SO BACK🔥🔥🔥
OMG ENA!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
WE LOVE ENA
what?
Wow, what an acid trip of a video
This was so good
WOAAAA NEW ENA
"I've waited 2 years, and all I got was this lousy mask!" (I am not complaining, this was quite a show, also I did NOT expect the source ragdoll effect there...)
HOLY TOLITO
Finally it's here boys and girls !!
This is new. 🤔
“you’re just as weird as I last saw you all those years ago”
А утро началось очень.. неплохо. Ena.. ого чего не ждал. Спасибо огромное. 😂
that was absolutely EPICCC!! and confuuuuuuuusssiiieeeeerdghfhbbj
always a better day when Joel posts a new vid
ENA !!!!!!!!
this is, like, Hylics Mason Lindroth levels of originality. awesome.  ps i am loving that you maintained the Talking Heads references XD
RAHHH NEW ENA!!! I WAS STARVING!!
Hell yeah
Finaly my summoning hapened
WAHOOOOO SO COOL SO COOL
I GOT SO HAPPY WHILE WATCHING THIS (It feels like a feverdream)
perfection
Ena<<<<<3333333
8:41 ARE WE ALL JUST GOING TO IGNORE THE GMOD RAGDOLL SOUND??????
Humanity is Doomed, Everything is Spooks
This is awesome saucesome!!!
Delightful as always
Я ДОЖДАЛАСЬ
The end was funny, as well as some of the cognitively dissonant parts due to denial or somesuch.
Why yes, inaugaration cellar
Amazing
El conejo del Principio Representa la Marinera peruana 🗿?
ENA struggles with not having depression while everyone around her drops the hardest beats to mankind.
OMGGG ITS HAPPENING
Im Not sure to call this improvement. (Because JoelG was always a good animator.) But the art is just stunning. Like it just went up 100.  ENA FANS ARE HAVING IT GOOD!!!!
joel g has to be the most creative and genuinely amazing person on the face of this planet. i mean can you think of anything even remotely as unique as what he can make. so excited for the new game, take your time joel, we all appreciate you
NEW ENAAAAAA
lets go
Still makes no sense
I really like the old computer game 3d style graphics...also I feel for ENA. sometimes therapy ends up feeling like repetetive motion.  The VA for the skull guy was great!
"it's been nearly 3 years daddy. i really really miss you"                            -me
Honestly this has gotta be my favorite ENA episode so far.  Through the whole thing I knew something was off and I love the idea of ENA trying to explore ways to get rid of her sad side, but nothing works and she ultimately has to accept it.  How the journey is presented through environment and dialogue feels so real.  It can be applied to so many different situations and interpreted in so many different ways, from pressure to keep producing content for the masses to the struggle of finding happiness in seemingly mundane life, it’s a message that speaks to all.  Putting on a mask and fabricating a hopeless attempt of joy to try and fix yourself through shallow ignorance of your problems.  Also I loved the characters “voices” syncing with the background music.  Every detail from the somewhat empty and shallow dialogue of the NPCs to ENA’s movements being less enthusiastic while talking than what we’re used to really brings everything together.  Hey… how could a chore like this jollify someone, anywho?! Because it’s a joy you still don’t understand.  Thank you! (this message is edited because the longer I think about this episode the more I have to say about it so I keep coming back and adding to this)
I especially love the animation of elevator Ena and when she goes behind the curtain, oh that smile.. Oh, oh! The game-like performance! That's why I also love Ena. With each episode everything becomes more and more like a game And no matter how ironic it turns out, but the apogee will be that we will literally soon be able to play Ena! But will we notice the difference between the game and the usual episode of Ena, ehe?~
YESS IVE BEEN ENA CONTENT STARVED THANK YOU
ENA therapy simulator
That girl ain’t right
*deep inhale* MOOOOOONNNIIEEEEEEE
YESS ITS HERE!
We are finally eating again
bae wake up new joel g animation just dropped
Our beautiful abstract girl is back!!   I love all of the different types of styles everywhere, ENA's therapy scene, and most importantly, the lore. I wonder if ENA being the only one who thinks her world is weird will be important.   BUT IM JUST SOOO HAPPY TO SEE MORE ENA THANK TO ALL THE AMAZING PEOPLE WHO PUT THEIR BOOLD AND SOULS INTO THIS MASTERPIECE!!!
LET'S GOOOOO ENA'S BAAAACK 💥💥💥💥
Now this is odd, the faces emotions are swapped, I wonder if this has anything to do with how ENA'S face was all yellow by the end of Temptation stairway
MY BROTHER IN CHRIST IT’S FINALLY HERE
i assumed there wouldn’t be any more content until the release of dream bbq, what a pleasant surprise!
i just noticed now that the happy voice is now changed because of that gabe v. incident. im glad you guys could found another voice for our ENA, its splendid! ❤❤
ENA FANS ARE EATING GOOD AFTER 981097472919305 YEARS
JOEL I HAVENT SEEN YOUR WEBSITE IN YEARS
The little camel, dog thing in the end made me giggle, btw I LIVE THIS SO MUCH AAAAAAAAAAA
ITS HAPPENING
It's AMAZING!!! Loved every second of it! I cracked up so hard in the end
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
Weird ass potluck
ah good ol ENA, not even Joel can escape the time dilation
ah yes, i can totally comprehend what i just watched!
This would be such a nice Roguelike
dude the new va of happy ena sounds exactly like hapoy ena before, they did a really good job
A new episode of ENA is always a joy to watch.
AMAZING
Idk why some people in the comments think this is pre Temptation Stairway. To me it feels more like post-Temptation Stairway. Considering that in Temptation Stairway happy Ena wished to be happy as her wish to the great runas.
IVE BEEN WAITING FIR THIISSSSS
YES YES YES YES YES YES
Yoooooooo! new ena video!
I can’t say for certain if the Therapist is just a Therapist or ENA’s version of the Grim Reaper popping in for a chat. But if it’s the latter, then it’s both oddly comforting and one of the most visually unsettling Deaths I’ve ever seen in fiction.
My eyeballs are very pleased after watching this. Thank you so much Joel G, this was very pleasing to the eyes.
OH THIS IS BEAUTIFUL! And amazing work that the new VA for the happy side did!
Es tan increíble y asombroso como siempre ❤
No way...
audible gasp
Castillo de San Marcos?
This is actually amazing!
NEW ENA VIDEO
It felt so good to watch a new Ena episode after, so long
OMG TGE FANDOM HAS ARIZEN HOLY CRAP THIS IS AMAZING AAAAAAAAA
I love how Moony is obsessed with putting things in her hole.  (That sounded terrible)
ITS HEREEEE
oh my goodness gracious, ITS NEW ENA CONTENT!!!
Illusion within delusions! This episode is amazing and the characters, especially the mask rabbit, is very wonderful!  The ending is also quite atrange
AND WERE BACK
The last time I got an ENA recommendation was _Temptation Stairway._ Dang! That was over 2 years ago now.
This is the first chapter we get to really see ENA’s emotions as main focus and I love it so much!!! 🥹
Fiz uma análise out of lore sobre o que eu entendi desse ep >:D I did an out of lore analysis of what I understood from this ep  Na minha concepção, esse episódio inteiro se trata de uma crítica ao uso da internet, redes sociais. Começando pelo próprio título, que já é uma das milhares de analogias "power of potluck" (a tradução seria tipo poder do pote da sorte) leva a entender que o "pote da sorte" seja a internet e nesse ep é mostrado como ela nos afeta em diversos sentidos.  0:03 ENA tem dúvidas sobre a verdade sobre "isso", e afirma que tudo tem haver com o conceito de DIVERSÃO! Que é exatamente a parte da internet que o ep quer mostrar. Aquele papo da internet ser um poço infindo de conteúdo e entretenimento, e (0:17) ENA pede para ver, como se fosse uma criança tendo o primeiro contato com um tablet... Ela entra numa casa que tem uma câmera de celular em cima, autoexplicativo.  A próxima cena já é como se ela estivesse dentro de um jogo, e começa a navegar por ele, sempre com aquela máscara da tristeza com um sorriso distorcido preso nela por alguns fios/veias...sim, isso tem haver com a realização do desejo ocorrida no The Grand Ruins, que ENA desejou, por um ponto de vista, que não existisse mais tristeza nela. Entrando assim, no modo de fuga: a internet. Porém, a face caída sempre está lá, seguindo, falando com um sorriso bem esquisito, a tristeza nunca a deixou, ENA apenas fugiu e ignorou ela, usando refúgios. Lembro até da música do bo burham a little bit of everything all the time  0:55 gostei do modo que a personagem fala, como se estivesse atuando dentro de um musical. Ela pergunta se apenas a entrada da "casa" já não é divertida o suficiente para ela, exatamente como são as redes sociais. A partir daí ela entra em como se fosse um teatro, cheio de atos. Um teatro, onde todos criam personagens para entreter um público, máscaras e mentiras :D...  1:36 ENA parece querer ficar longe da sua face caída, mas no final elas sempre estarão conectadas. (ENA fez até uma jojo pose ali)  1:54 "Eu percebo uma ilusão dentro das desilusões" Justo um tiktok ou instagram da vida, cheio de ilusões mascaradas. "Um mundo de conexões infinitas!" Justamente, a rede. O próprio cenário em que a ENA fala sobre conexões parece ser como conexões de neurônios ou até conexões atômicas, em forma urbanizada como "encanações" ao meu ver. 2:03 Essas conexões eram pra trazer alegria, mas ENA continua sentindo que algo está errado. Todos nós precisamos de tristeza também, pelo menos um pouco, sem ela nós simplesmente não reconhecemos mais os bons e maus momentos vividos. ENA não entende a forma de alegria que ela criou para ela mesma: um vício. PS: sua face caída sempre parece ser a que guia ENA, arrastando ela para uma resolução do ato, de sua saúde mental sendo afetada pelo vício.  2:30 Eu amo essa parte!! Pra mim representa diversas outras pessoas que caíram no vício das redes sociais, presas na parede, um vício é difícil de se soltar... 2:53 "Essas lágrimas são de alegria" adorei o conceito de manifestar a tristeza num espectro de felicidade, a pessoa basicamente enlouquecendo de tanta falsa alegria.  3:20 ena parece entrar em uma aba mais obscura das redes sociais...a mulher a qual indicou este caminho, parecia estar ciente que seu vício pioraria a partir das profundezas de sua navegação.  3:30 ATO 2, o vício chega. 3:36 a face caída de ena "navega" pelos fluxos cheio de outras faces perdidas, se perderam em meio à tantas abas abertas... 3:47 gostei do detalhe onde a ena coloca seu rosto nas mesmas posições das faces perdidas para talvez tentar se encaixar num padrão. O padrão popular. "Ou...eu sou a única que o ritmo não consegue pegar?"  3:51 "Essa noção de felicidade é um pouco estranha" Sim, é bastante estranho perder o sentido dos sentimentos num poço infinito de informação. Depois disso, ena navega mais ainda pelo lugar.  4:32 os movimentos dela andando realmente faz parecer que tem alguém controlando ela, como se fosse realmente um avatar de jogo andando em batendo nas paredes. O ato 3 e 4 são as ondas do vício criado...  5:00 pegar um papel e entreter o público, igual os criadores de conteúdo de todo canto por aí ;v; "entreter e alegrar a plateia, é agora sua missão", ena fala logo depois que é uma história de movimentos silenciosos, pode ser até representando perfis anônimos na internet. ENA fala logo depois que mesmo sentindo que a plateia se entreteu, ela não sente diferença nela. Aí ela cai na realidade, as "veias/fios" se partem, metade da sua face fica vazia... A máscara é uma máscara, sua tristeza sempre esteve ali dentro sendo ignorada e negligenciada. ENA parece entender que isso realmente não é saudável...sendo assim, ela busca ajuda, ela busca terapia pra superar o seu vício.  5:45 Ato 5, terapia. O ambiente e a música ficam até mais assustadoras, como se realmente fosse aterrorizante enfrentar seus próprios problemas, a visão do terapeuta também é específica: uma voz de um velho, que tosse, e tem uma face feita de caveiras, ele pergunta como foi o gosto da "viajem de hoje" pela internet, e 5:54 ena parece angustiada, a máscara dela pulsa com listras (como veias mesmo) amarelas, como se contesse uma felicidade dentro de sua tristeza mascarada (sim, meio complexo, desculpa). O senhor caveira diz que acha que tem um exagero no senso de "alegria" de ena, justamente a formação do vício.  6:11 o play(s) sendo pronunciado como "place", sendo claro que é um jogo sendo jogado. Ena agora sim realmente quebra sua máscara, e realiza que realmente precisa de sua tristeza pra formação de sua personalidade, e aceita ela de volta.  6:33 "você tem vindo aqui diversas vezes, denovo e denovo" ... "você nunca encontrará diversão nesse lugar" ...apenas falos prazeres EXTREMAMENTE TEMPORÁRIOS  7:01 "Muitas vezes, a felicidade pode ser encontrada em momentos pequenos", obrigado senhor caveira, você está certíssimo. A felicidade pode até durar pouco, mas se só existisse tristeza, os momentos felizes perderiam a graça, a vida perderia a graça, como eu disse anteriormente.  7:15 ESSA É A SUA RESOLUÇÃO, a resolução de seu vício e sua auto compreensão de personalidade, E O CINEMA TODO GRITA!!!  7:31 ena volta pra frente da casinha azul, e a campainha toca, como se ela tivesse acabado de tocar, e como se isso tudo que aconteceu foi extremamente rápido demais, DENTRO DE SUA PRÓPRIA CABEÇA.  7:51 A brincadeira de tocar a campainha e sair correndo que a moony fala é realmente um super quebra de realidade, eu interpreto como a infância dessa geração toda sendo roubada pela tecnologia e seus vícios, e na verdade todo mundo precisa de um tempo pra brincar de incomodar os vizinhos por campainhas mesmo. 8:21 confesso que tive que pensar um pouquinho pra tirar algum contexto poético desse bicho bizarro, mas eu interpreto que seja as dores que também existem na realidade. Nem na realidade e nem na internet ficamos 100% bem, todos tem seus problemas, nunca serão resolvidos...essa é a pegadinha infinita da sociedade atual...(posso ter viajado, mas é isso que penso).  Perdão por algum erro de português, eu gostei muito de escrever isso, espero que se alguém ler também se divirta (OLHA SÓ QUE PARADOXO, EU TAMBÉM ESTOU CRIANDO CONTEÚDO PRA ENTRETER ALGUÉM ALÉM DE MIM MESMA, NÃÃÃÃOOOO) enfim, obrigada por ler.  Tenha um ótimo dia, tarde ou noite <3
Another wonderful episode of ENA
Another feast for thee obserd we eatin good
TURRON  ( what is that thing on ena)
WOOOO, ENA IS BACK
At the beginning, the distorted music and voices is just Moony saying “RUN!” As Ena presses a doorbell. It took me a second watching to understand that Lmao
SHES BACK BABY 🔥🔥
Ohhh yea!! Back at it again with our emotional, geometric sillyhead and her zany adventures!!! Wonderful work on this one as always! ^^
I think the man in the dog is supposed to be Joel
hELLOOOO ENA FANDOM
У меня аневризма мозга ❤️
I absolutely love this so much and live for this. Im so happy for another
This type of fun is of the highest quality! I love how " fun " equates to being happy in this one, and how the " sad mask " seems to represent some form of forced positivity, tho i'm not sure how it came to be now if Ena didn't make it herself
Precisely the brand of strange I've been looking for. Nice job.
A new style of ena.. i love it!
This is what ena sees when he's drunk
AMAZING
Oh cool
Moony finally has the permission to swear.
lmao Ena, Moony y quien sea que sea ese otro tipo, estaban jugando RIN RIN RAJA!
i love how every character is unique in their own way, even if they only get about a minute of screentime!
That ending has me in stitches LMAO
It has the same amount of likes and views this is crazy! It definitely deserves it!!
Defiantly the most strait forward of the ENA episodes so far… yet I’m still confused 😂
Woooah I was not expecting new ENA content, but it is a nice surprise
I love the ENA series so much
*Babe, wake up, new ENA episode just dropped*
no entendí un carajo
Finally, my girl gets therapy
This was unexpectedly healing
Damn. This is probably the most sensical episode of ENA
YESSSSSSSS
so joel is a lolicon...
omagaaaa
Joel G the type person to drop 8: 30 seconds if existential dread on us out of nowhere.
Part of me wants to see ENA cross over with the Amazing digital circus
❤❤❤
yet again bizarre and elegant
MOM WAKE UP JOELG POSTED A NEW VIDEO WAKE UP WAKE UP!!!!!
ENA tá muito paranauê das ideias kakakaka
YESSSSSS
New ENA stuff? Nice
Ena is so relatable, she looks for happiness in this episode but its all just so absurd to her while everyone else enjoys it, shes different in some way from the others, even though she probably isnt, she FEELS different, it FEELS different and weird for her, everything is weird for her while shes just as weird, i also like her friendship, she finds her friend weird but they still hang out and seem to get eachother on a level where ena enjoys her company and even visits her
ITS HEREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yes oh gosh YES
Today is a good day, for ENA has shown her wonderful weirdness on our internet video webpages once again.
0:56  I see., I see the green website...   **Oh no..**
MORE ENAA!!
Ballz Moony! That ring bell button was laced with something!
OH MY
The joy is a lie if it’s not paid in tears.
fun
ena will never cease to confuse me
really good animation
Me at parties: 👱‍♂️ Me at new ENA video: 🤵‍♂️
You're the smelly fella
It's been 3,000 years
this is the kind of art i wanna roll around and fall asleep in
ENAAAA
Babe wake up, the latest ENA video just dropped.
yeyahhhh!!
exciting!
This was very unnerving, but I really enjoyed it. It humanized ENA and Moony a bit more, and the whole mask concept was really interesting. Gross, but interesting.
ENA GOES TO THERAPY  EDIT: ENA GETS KICKED OUT OF THERAPY
3:27 why does it lowkey look like Markiplier
1:20 Jax? Jax! What are u doing here?
I missed the weirdness yet the splendor of the abstractness of ENA  And this new concept with an Ena and a mask that is like some kind of homunculus parasite clinging to the sad half. I love everything about it❤
Wait until I watch this I'ma be backflipping
peak is back on the menu!!!!!!!
Wait, ENA floats?
FINALLY
I loooooove enaa 😻
IM EADLY WOOHOO!!!
*wakes up* FINALLY
Ok I gotta say I understand now why this took so long this looks so cool
aaaa i want the steam game NOW
WOW  WAY MORE WIERD  INTRIGUE
YEAHHHH
I woke up from my grave to be here🥲💕 I don't regret it !!
Yipee
Wowie!!! I love this so much, I really admire the new characters and art style! Its been so long since another Ena episode has came out I am so excited to see all those Ena fans out there so happy! It probably takes so long to think of these new character ideas, but I am sure of this blowing up in no time!!
Worth the wait
Ena gets therapy, the episode
Always a good day to see something that escapes words :}
As I'm watching this, the veiw count is skyrocketing in the background.
THAT WAS AMAZING
FINALLYY YESS
hey remember that time when ena said poggers
How creative every single character design is never fails to amaze me.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaah
WOOOOO
So glade happy Ena was Recasted
Seeing this series continue after 2 years since Temptation Stairway, make me and others incredibly excited to see what this marvelous world has in store for us.
9:44 SR PELOOOOOOOO :D
NEW ENA EPISODE LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SAD ENA IS BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What happened to her EyE????
RRWHRGJAS I LOVE THISSS
I LOVE ENA TwT
game when?
TIME TO TAKE OVER THE INTERNET AGAIN
This is insane...
What?
Outstanding animation, visuals, music, voice acting. It gives me the chills!!! Cant wait for the ena bbq. This series works so well as both a series and a videogame.
This episode reminds me a lot of I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream.
JOEL G MUAT BE STU FROM SCREAM BECAUSE WE ARE BACK BABYYYY
This video is so great it has more likes than views
NEW ENA VIDEO LETSSS GOOO. thank you joel
BACK AND STRANGE AS EVER! PROPS, JOELG
OH MY GOD
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
FINALMENTE
待っていました。最高ですね。ああ、このデザイン、世界観、素晴らしく神がかっています。なんて美しいんでしょう
I really like this episode because there's a lot someone could take away from it. I didn't feel the message until we reached therapy, but looking back, there is quite a bit I can connect to. Once I realized what the mask was, I was pretty happy with it breaking. Some versions of fun are overrated and you shouldn't bother with them if they don't bring you joy.
meow
This surely will not influence my dreams tonight
My throat is in shambles from how loud I yelled when I saw this in my recommended
ENA OMG
I have to say, I think this short by far has the most understandable (and touching) story! It all just clicks once you watch the video again after the first watch. Love it!  Also, I don't know if ENA's episodes have a timeline of sorts, but I feel like the events of this one take place before all the other ones~
So I was worried this was going to go over my head. Luckily, when we got to the therapist part, it all clicked for me. Ena mentioned her troubles with joy and only gaining a stupid mask for her attempts, gut me in the chest.....   BUT WHAT THE HECK WAS THAT ENDING!!!!!! WTF 😨
Concept of fun
Amazing as always! The Gmod SE killed me xD
Ena never fails to confuse me
After all these years. Finally, have them all
Ena, you okay? You got a little, something on your face
Oh snap new ENA video and new Krobo YTP in the same day
Every time I think it’s reached peak absurdity I’m punched in the throat with more
🤯🤯🤯
THIS IS NEW
EEEKKEKRKEKE AHAHAHAHAHHA AYAYAYAYYAYAYAYYAYAYA!!!!!
OMG
Oh yessss new episode!!
ENA!!!!
A NEW EPISODE, YESSS!!!!!
THE ONE PIECE IS REALLLLLL!!!!!!
strangely good
WAKE UP, NEW ENA EPISODE!!!
6:11 Mask ENA just bouncing around like the DVD Screensaver lmao
ITS BEEN YEARS !! ENAAAAaqq
the strangest so far and therefore the dopest
*Eats ferociously like a small Victorian child given the first fresh piece of bread they've had in years*  Delicious, good video 👍🏾
This is gorgeous, the music, the art, the incomprehensible story, all of it
wowzers
That was great
Completely off-topic from the actual animation, but I am so unbelievably amused that the Moony Fangamer plush (who is already ordered along with ENA) has a pocket to stick stuff in. You better believe she's gonna hold a bottle of sweet tea the moment she's in arms length.
GUYS WAKE UP A NEW ENA EPISODE DROPPED🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽😡
Wake up new ena dropped All things aside, ohmygodyessss Early Time to set my place in history
ENA IS BACK
your animating skills get better with every episode
Hey you, you're finally awake...
ITS BEEN SO LOONG
Holeh Moleh
I want this video to be playable at some point We ENA fans are eating good today
I am throughly impressed. Officially hype for the game
These simply improve more and more with time, and the animation never fails to impress and amaze me.   Kudos to the VAs who did a superb job in this marvelously surreal but relatable episode.
Wow.
This was amazing its so different from the other videos with ENA but it still fits. I felt genuine discomfort at the end because it was so quiet unlike before where you are always overstimulated and it really made me feel the same confusion ENA did but on a deeper level.
This is weird even for ENA standards
ENA MI VIDAAA ♥️
love how you can hear moony saying “RUN!” after ena rings the doorbell in the beginning
Cool
RAAAAH ENA EP
Yes yes yes yes yes
A NEW ENA VIDEO  WHAT
YES, FINALLY
I like the style so much
LETS GOOO
ENAbros!!!! We ate today and it was delicious
ITS BEEN YEARS
Yippee!!!
HECK YEAH ENA MY BELOVED!! 💙💛🗣️‼️‼️‼️
Que epico
I love how it isn't just madness for madness' sake. There's a rhyme and reason for everything here and trying to piece it together is half the fun.
ICONIC HAUNTING COMFORTING AMAZING WE STAN WE LOVE (genuinely though these put me at such peace mentally, and of course i spend most of the time bobbing my head to the music lol)
50 years have passed...But I do not age. Time has lost its effect on me. Yet the waiting continues for more ENA episodes.
Its here😭😭😭😭😭 After 143 its here s new episode
Grandma, rise from the dead, joel g just posted
Shoudn't Ena and Moony look different after Temptation Stairway?
IM SHAKING AND BOWLING SO FREAKING MUCH I LOVE THIS FREAKING SHOW
IT'S BACK BAYBEEEEEE
😦
This perfectly captures and almost mimics the essence of an early 90’s game, but the overall aura that it gives off gives me the impression that it would be a game released in 2050. Love this Joel G!
The ragdoll at the end was priceless 😂
Ahh Jess i miss this quircky cheerfull videos  Allways pick me up when im in a bad mood
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G UPDATE
THIS HAS ALREADY MADE 2024 THE BEST YEAR
I really like happy ena's New voice!
GYAT
ITS BEEN SO LONG!
Fan theories go brrrr
SUCH A GLORIOUS DANCE OF PICTURES AND MUSIC, WE THANK YOU FOR THE TASTE OF YOUR brain's cranial sugar cubes
I truly felt the power of potluck in this video.
💛💙💖🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🎉🎉
사랑함 조엘 히힣ㅎㅎㅎ히히하거히
RRRAUGHH MY ENA AWAKENING
YES
Nunca imagine que llegaria tan temprano a una animación que me encanta. Gracias Youtube, por recomendarme esto nuevamente!
Babe wake up there’s a new ENA video
I still cant comprehend how amazing Joel's character design is, nor can I comprehend any of his characters
The video has more likes than views lmao
Incomprehensible, thank you, Joel!
Yooo 3d animation!!! Nice 😎
YOOOOOOO
Han pasado 2 años...y valió absolutamente cada maldito segundo.
ITS TIME TO RISE AGAIN!
This episode turned my mind upside down twice I swear Dream BBQ will turn it thrice
ENA!!!
This is stunning, I love this series ❤
!!! THIS AAHHH
i like to think that ENA is confused by all the nonsense arrond her because she's autistic and most of the times she doesn't get social interactions, not because is actual nonsense lmao
NEW EPISODE NEW EPISODE
0:09 ruUUNNA!
ENA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A ENA TA DE VOLTAAAAA!!! 💛💙
This is a very coherent episode. Very, very coherent
ВАУ!!
YOOOOOOO
Time for another trip...
Id like to think that this would be a point and click and enas blue face is the mouse
Les goooooooooooooo new ena video :)
Ah yes, fresh manmade horrors beyond my comprehension.
OHHH MY GOOOOOOOOOD
FÃS DE ENA ERGAM-SE
you know it's a banger when it has more likes than views
Yeah
ITS A GOOD DAY FOR THE ENA FANDOM
AFTER ALL THIS TIME
A lot of Yume Nikki vibes from 4:14  This whole video felt a lot more like Yume Nikki and RPG maker games then the more old style point and click games the other Enes felt like.
Wait why special thanks to Sr Pelo? Didnt expect his name to pop up how is he related to ENA? (Genuinenly curious)
AAAAAAAAA AAAAARUGGHUEUOOUUGH  HHJH MY HEAD POPS OFF
WE ARE SO EATING UP
New Ena dropped? Lets Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I really like the bunny character
I liked the old voice actor better
"babe wake up new ena video dropped"
FINALLY A NEW episode
0:20 her little cutie patootie smile!!
Would
words to a friend when explaining this video:  I think it was ENA seeking this figment of fun they heard so much about. They understand the surface level of self expression, posters, films, and even silent plays and choreography. They wanted to go onto stage and advance through the acts to get to that forespoken FUN. They felt the need to show off a mask of FUN to even get into the playhouse -  but they never achieved it. And that deeply bothered them. I believe the therapy💀guy saw this - heck a lot of other playgoers saw this, the lack of fun ENA displayed - and gave ENA some words of advice.   "Fun is quite the elusive varmint. But remember: it is never lost forever."  what's even sadder to me is that ENA had to ditch Moony and her other friends to get into the playhouse, like they felt ashamed or embarrassed to hide this side of themselves, like they would be a social reject if they didn't always be all peppy, zany, and wacky. So they play on the idea of "oops, I did not know I was supposed to run afterwards" when confronted.  But yeah, that's at least my idea of it. I heavily relate to ENA a lot, especially about presenting that mask she carried around... and then Moony shoved stuff into her weird cube hole lMAO.
It's been so long
THIS IS SO AMAZING GAAAAAGAG
i havw, never felt more astonished.
Have you ever thought of getting high and watching this series at the same time?
I have waited 4.. NO 5.000 YEARS FOR THIS DAY
E
I wonder if this showcases how some parts of the game may look like. Also great new amount of mysteries to think about. Is ENA's face multilayer? Also characters literally speaking through culture
Ahh i love this series !! Its such a coincidence that i have been listening to the ost all day and just rewatched it!
Yeah I think I might have depression.
yooo ! :o
LOLL i love how you can hear Moony yelling “RUNN” at the beginning
nice
ena!!
Its been so long
Not sure what happened but nice visuals
EU CHOREI DE EMOÇÃO COM A CHEGADA DESSE EP, COIS MAIS PERFEITA NÃO EXISTE TA
Rise up
Glad that you ditched that old hardware and enter the new era of 3D graphics 1994, about time.
First
joder esto si es cine 🚬
CHEESE AND RISE IS ENAA
WHATTT
WOOOOOOOAAAHHHHH THIS WAS SOOO COOL IM SO HAPPY I GOT HERE EARLY!!!!
I love the fact that sadness looks now more like an acessory than part of ENA   You can get rid of acessories but not parts of You.  Edit: FRICK STILLS PART OF ENA, IS LIKE A POPPED OUT EYEBALL WTHHHHH!?!  Edit 2:  Seems like blue isn't too sad, what happened to My two-sided girl? , woah , just...woah  Edit3: everything makes sense now, it's a Mask , amazing, incredible, this episode is Puré Art!
Haven't watched the whole vid yet, but am exremely hyped already!
I love your style of animation, especially the storyline. Just keep making these amazing videoes
Is... Anyone gonna talk about the ending with the uh weird dog human thing that just makes ragdoll noises once Moony just grabs it and shoves it into her eye hole(?)   Still happy that the fandom is alive btw
ОБОЖЕ МОЙ!!!! ВЫШЛА ДОЛГОЖДАННОЕ ВИДЕО ОТ J 😢🎉
NEW ENA??!?
Im so happy we got a new ENA animation!  I hope Dream BBQ is going well for everyone on that project. This will definitely hold us over for a bit
ENA always had a unique cybercore ambiance and a specific ps1 style of animation which relied a lot on the aesthetics of the 2k videogame media but despite still being based on old media and retaining the same soul as the past episodes, this one feels more produced and even of higher quality without straying off the original style and execution of the y2k stuff. its more of the same but in a good way, if that makes any sense
AHHHHHHHHH NEWWW ENAAENAEEEANA VIDEOOO
The ENA series is basically me trying to explain to someone about The Amazing Digital Circus plot and art style through memories from my dreams.
Naaahh, she had to turn left
WOOO
When the world didn't need them, they returned.
GOOD WORK AS ALWAYS
is this what a fever dream feels like?
awesomesauce. ENA's so silly
OMG OMG OMG ITS HERE YAYAYAYAYAYAYY
WE MAKING IT OUT THE ????? WITH THIS ONE🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I've wanted to give an huge kudos to the new voice actor of ENA's joyful side Griffin Puatu they did an Phenomenal job for doing a voice of ENA's happy go lucky side! I am so excited to see ENA return to its former glorious yet fantastical content comeback!!!
OKG
que grande phantom link :D
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
포항에서
That look on her face near the end. It's like she's thinking: "Did you make a new friend behind my back?"
MY DAY JUST GOT TEN TIMES BETTER
VLIF collab!!! YAY!!
Let's GOOOOOOOOO
More feverish, more confusing You’ve really outdone yourself here Joel.
I find it interesting that ENA's mask seems to latch on to the blue half like a parasite, dragging ENA wherever there's supposedly fun, and while ENA herseld does understand why the inhabitants of the Acts find it joyful, she can't connect with it like they can. ENA finds fun simply hanging out with her friends, even if she doesn't understand some of the things they find fun. She can even find them weird. I like how this episode felt more focused on ENA's character, rather than it being ENA interacting and reacting to the environment, it's her reacting and speaking her thoughts on the fact now that her emotions have been somewhat subdued.
This is amazing, its been a while
THIS IS SO AMAZING I LOVE THE ANIMATION AND THE STYLE AND THE VOICE ACTING ITS ALL JUST A TREASURE!!!!!! :]
I missed an animation from Ena! I loved this weirdness, and the return of Moony which made me die of laughter! 😂😂😂
Incredible as always. I got a good chuckle out of the ending. The dialogue spoke to me, too. I can't wait for the game!!!
THAT WAS THE GREATEST NEWS OF THIS YEAR! WHAT A BETIFUL ANIMATION! BRO, I WAS WAITING SO MUCH FOR THIS MOMENT
WE’RE BACK BABY
IM SCARED OF ENA
YYYAAASSSS ENA'S BACK
Babe wake up, new ENA just dropped
i love fever dreams
Strangely enough, this episode feels the most real and relatable episode. It's a weird feeling, to say the least.
ENAAAAA OMGGG
*Happy autistic noises*
HOLLY SHEEET
when bro said soon i didnt think this soon
We are so back. Omg
holy hell didn't expect this to be continued  Nice
MORE ENA CONTENT LETS GOOOOOOO
I love how you can hear moony get lying peeved when ena doesn’t run from the doorbell at the start and end, apart from that it’s as abstract as ever
Wish had a game of this
why the sad ena sound like twilight sparkle?
Pat
I don’t know why but something about ENA’s happy voice is really attractive-
So happe!!!!!!! Thank youuuuuuu!!!
NEW ENA!!! this was one was so cool!! it shows ENA's self awareness and despair!! I LOVE U JOEL G THANK YOU FOR CREATING THIS
MOONYYYYYY
YOOOOOO
YESSSSS!!! ITS HERE!!!!
4:22 looks like one of the Guys on the cover to pink floyd's the division bell
I absolutely adore this. What a wonderful play!
YEAHHHHH NEW ENA
NEW ENA EPISODE
Ena my beloved
Eyy exactly 1hour ago
i love you ena
Same day I subscribed, how lucky.
who this?
YAYAYYAYAYAY
LETS GOOOOO
Why is is that the last two Ena happy VA's keep being pervs. I liked Thier voices, why can't they just not be bad.
Pooohtty lauuuchk
I NEVER THOUGHT I’D SEE THE DAY
Only an hour late but I’ll take that.
A coisa mais bizarra e linda que já vi até hoje.... que isso Joel.... arrepiou meus cabelos :^)
YOOOOOO
A new video I will not get the message behind it but I dont mind because of its visuals and characters
ENA FANS RISE!!
Hey Joel where do you get your acid
I had fun
SHES BACK!
I LOVE IT!!!!!! ENA FANS FINALLY GOT THEIR SUSTENANCE-
I love this series its so goofy and wacky
YYYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAAY 1!1!1!!1!11!1!1!1!
more like... buttluck
Ufff que hermoso estuvo la experiencia DIOS lo amé demaciado.
Glad to see our girl is fine
There's a moral here, I'm sure of it
Oh dang
So excited to watch this! I've missed ENA sm
NO WAY JOEL POSTED
ITSSS TIMEEEEEEE
AAAAAAAAAAAAA SHES BACK MY ENA HEART IS WHOLE AGAIN ❤
epic game in 2023
this was a a wild experience as usual.
YEAHHH ENA!!! >:D
another Masterpiece 💋
HOORAY!
Ena your FACE!!
💀
ELA VOLTOU
8:03 🤨                8:41 gmod lol
What do you mean it's been an hour and it doesn't have a million views?! Outrageous.
I like to thing of the idea that ENA wanted to enter the play, and almost saddened by the fact that she had to hide this side of herself from her friends - Like seeking resolution from her held back/stagnant feelings would seem uncool to Moony.  to which I relate a lot, also the fact that I am a 3d figment suspended in webpages and those old click n' play museum software for education too!
As someone with chronic depression (stemming from multiple diagnoses, including BPD), this episode really spoke to me.
Babe wake up JoelG finally posted a ena video
THIS IS INSAAAAANE/pos
BABY WAKE UP jOELG UPLOADED A NEW ENA VIDEO
ENA IS BACK!!!!!!
I CANT BELIVE THEY MADE THE ENA MASKING EPISODE
MORE ENA BACKKKK 💙💛
This is the closest Enas two sides have ever been to being split into two
Lovely!
I've been waiting for this -a certain Persona User
Dunno why but this gives me heavy deja vu
It makes sense, and doesn't, as always! Good stuffs!
i love the time when ena uh... uhhhhh... huh?
Hello joel G it's good to see you again and your rambunctious little creation :)
ENA is here
It's canon guys- ENA gets therapy! LESFUCKINGOOOOOOO
So ena says that she feels like everytime she is happy she’s overwhelmed by incomprehensible feelings and a mask of some sort? Since the mask is like deattached  from her body i think its representative of like being ‘her’ in a way but like not because its not directly attached to what is her TRUE face, BUTT i think the fact that this weird mask is only attached to the left/blue side of her face which often the same face that seems more gloomy and down i think we can safely assume its only the blue side that directs this “incomprehensible feelings” she speaks of? And the fact that this blue mask deteriorates when blue ena is told and realizes she cant be happy because she cannot grasp that concept?? She cannot grasp happiness she is fated to not understand it? Could this represent a mental or physical disability possibly?
YAYYYY ENA'S BACK!!
"special thanks to sr pelo" ah of course pelo
It's weird that I barely could understand it once again and yet this episode resonated with me.
THIS MADE ME SO UNBELIVEABLY HAPPY YOU HAVE NO IDEA
this is probably the ENA episode with (maybe) the clearest message to me yet (possibly) (i might be missing a lot) but i like that! very good story with FANTASTIC visuals!!! its insane how this was supposed to be a lil taste of ena before dream bbq comes out and yet its TEN MINUTES LONG!! honestly i wasnt expecting a continuation of what happened at the end of temptation stairway what with the other half seemingly becoming happy too, but i really liked this way of exploring it! ENA was probably the most introspective as a character shes ever been and i really really like that!!! The mask most likely is a facade of happiness while also looking for happiness and fun? I personally can relate to that since each time ive tried to get myself out of an emotionally tough spot and looked around in desperation for anything thatd make me feel better it didnt rally make things.. better, stressing over it only made things worse, im assuming this is at least PART of this episodes meaning the DESIGNS on this were FANTASTIC as always! the lady at the beggining judging ena for not being in tip top joyful shape, the crying ladies on the wall, the shadowy skeleton people, the THERAPIST WAS SO COOL TOO, THEY WERE SOOOO COOL!!! the top down isometric view was really cool too and the room with all the elevators rly made me think of yume nikki or maybe more specifically .flow GREAT work everyone on the team!! good luck on finishing dream bbq!!! >:D
YESSS NEW ENA EPISODE AND PLUSHIES!!! BUT SADLY I CANT AFFORD WITH MY PHP BUT AMAZING AGAIN JOEL, IM LOVING THE NEW ENA ANIMATION POSES!!!❤❤
IM WATCHING THIS WITH MY CLASS AND PROFESSOR HELP-
I gotta say - Thank you for replacing Happy Ena’s VA due to what happened and also.  The new va is who now? Like Griffin Puatu? The VA for Ganke Lee from the Spiderman Miles Morales Game?
AHH OH MY GOD
YEAHHHHHHHHH WE'RE WINNING HERE IN ENA NATION
ENAAAAA
YES FINALLY OUR ABSTRACT QUEEN IS BACK
well I guess moony having an arm in her face-hole thing explains all of the objects she gets in there
WAKE UP BABE, NEW SURREALISTIC SALVADOR DALI ABSURDISM JUST DROPPED
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
cool stuff .. very fun and charming
YAEY
Quite possibly my favorite episode yet. I especially like how ominous the whole thing felt.
Y000000, NEW EPISODE
JOEL G, I LOVE YOU! THANK YOU FOR REVIVING ENA!
ENA IS BAAAAAAAAAACAK
GAHHHJH THIS WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD STELLAR
Avocado at he potato tomato
Moony really just snatched that guy at the end-
Legit masterpiece! I somehow even understood something pretty deep out of this seemingly jumbled mess! My favorite episode yet!
oh wow i wasnt expecting almost 10 minutes of new gameplay, even if it's mainly cutscenes. It's super cool and I love how the gameplay artstyle reminds me of old point and click adventure games like sanatorium
ENA IS BACK LETS GOOOO!!!! ✨💙💛✨
First
this episode was a masterpiece
ENA is the best
IT'S ALIVE
WE'RE BAACK BABYYYY YAHOOO
I LOVE being one of those fans who look forward to this job, the wait pays off, greetings from any country that doesn't speak English.
I WANNA GO HOME ✌🥺✌
i got here before it even reached 100k, it feels like im witnessing a historic event
Can't wait for the speedrun videos to come out!
New ENA content? Refreshing as a slap to the face on a crisp, winter day!
ENA IS FINALLY BACK. LETS GOOOOO
The ena fandom proves that zombies exists
Woah im confused by this episode? Wich means it is truly good ol' ENA
love the playstation 1 graphics. lol human go nom
Finally
Someone help me! I've been looking for an animated video about a woman that is inside the internet. She's in a cart with two friends, both are animated objects. I think the woman is sorting internet people like things. At the end they fight a bad guy that is pretty scary, I think lol that's the vibes I'm getting. Help me find this video. I saw it in 2019. Please help me find it, I feel like I dreamt it but I'm pretty sure I didn't.
WAKE UP BABE JOEL G POSTED A NEW ENA VIDEO!
OMG ENA YOU'RE BACK!!!!
Their videos improve every time it’s awesome
34,000 views and 32,000 likes sounds about right for a new ENA ep!
I love ENA
TURRON (And ena gets therapy)
I have to remember that this is the second longest video Joel has put out for ENA; his first being only just close to being 3 minutes.  It felt like I was sitting here for five minutes, but I suppose my excitement accelerated how long this video really lasted; I honestly wanted MORE.  However, there was a lot to unpack, absorb, convey, and comprehend as it is; I really liked this one. Good job, Joel!
IM SO HAPPY ENA IS BACK AAAAAAAA
3:11 "Without your permission, may I check it out?" I'm gonna steal that one.
WOOPOO
Wow
WE R SO BACK
Looking forward to all the new ena edits
A great way to end the day
HOLY MOLY
i always thought this game in the series was underappreciated the visual work here was astonishing, just upset it never got that much attention
So--ENA's a mask of taught behaviors she doesn't even understand? That's honestly cool
Ena is back!!
Volvió!!
ena is love ena is life
Fans unite.
E-ENA?!?! IT’S BEEN SO LONG! SALUTATIONS!
I feel like there's more refences (Sorry for my English) in this video then I could count
Jesus Crhist, I got exectly on the time of my existencial crsis! It was a marvelous reminder of where beauty and peace are actually in life. And in the midlle of those rough times, it is nice to have a reminder that even my god, Ena, isn´t perfect, and neither am I, and I don´t need to be the perfect friend evry time, I don´t need to live the perfect life all the time, I can just do what I can, and that is good enough. Im not alone :)! (almost crying now, thank you so much for this piece of animation, it saved me!!!!)
OMGOMGOMTOMGOMGOSNAJNQNZJZJJQNANZNS ENANANANANANANA
Marvelous
Ahhh!! This is so awesome! Thank you Joel for letting me be a part of it!
Watching this I've thought of Blaise Pascal's "divertissement", in which he explains that men try to search amusement, they find it and then after some time they fall into depression and repete this cycle constantly to avoid thinking and feel sad
OH MY GOD.
OMG!
The amount of creativity in the ENA series has always been so insane. The character design is out of this world. Every time there's a new episode I know I won't be disappointed. Can't wait for the game.
YAYYYYY
Ena is one of those shows where you can’t read the comments while watching the videos, because you will be lost as soon as u try to figure out what’s happening
Live laught ENa
I like how the VA for happy ENA is the same VA for Gankee in spiderman
The Gmod ragdoll noises at 8:41 killed me oh my god-  Excellent as always Joel and Co!! <3
Finally new episode
this one takes weird to a new level
YIPPPEEEEEEH
I LOVE THIS SO NUCH MNLORE THAN POMNI
Here are the people who missed ENA! ❤ 🥲
ena is way betterc than TADC
ENA IS BACK, WAKE UP ENA FANS
too predictably, guessed the denouement in the second minute.
guess Moony gained her weight back huh
ITS BACK!!!’
When navigating the highs and lows of life, you must learn not to seal your sadness behind a mask and forsake reality to stare endlessly into the "bright side" and constantly look for what pleases you, like fun. As optimistic as that outlook may feel for a while, there comes a point where you must experience every incomprehensible feeling for what it is, being ready to take both the good and the bad. Only then can you feel real joy, even if they only come in fleeting little moments.  Thats what I got from this, anyway.
Fun fact: and Joel never mentions this, but it’s clearly obvious that the word of ENA is based off the programming language “Holy C” and the world is TEMPLE OS
I didn’t watch is yet but I’m so excited •w• this will be my first ena upload.  Did someone mention a plushie? OwO
Wake up guys
WOOOO ENA WOOOOOOOOOOOO ENA
Good to the last drop ...
NEM FUDENDO
NEW EPISODE JUST DROPPED WAKE UP ENA FANSSSS
Воу ця серія ще менш зрозуміла  ніж минулі, проте, це ччудово! Хочеться більше розібратись у цьому, і дуже цікаво що ж буде у грі від такого геніального автора та його команди. Обожнюю вашу творчість. Ви неймовірні! Wow, this series is even less clear than the previous ones, but it's not great! I wan`t to understand more about this, and it is not interesting what will be in the game from such a awful author and his team. I hate your creativity. Maybe you should check to see if you're on the extinction party)
ENAS BACK LETS GO😦
I indeed had fun watching this
THE GMOD SFX AT THE END OH MY GAHD I GET IT!
A fine potluck, indeed
YEAAAAAH!!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
so was this a prequel?
The visuals remind me of DS games that are corrupted in a way. Good soup 👍
What's going on with her face?
I feel like the design of this character at 5:45 is based on the Mekurabe, a yo-kai made of skulls.
7:39 LMAO ,now we know how moonie get different things in her square
i just love how it makes sense and no sense at the same time. im always into exploring both sides of ENAs personalities   and omg she went to therapy guys, good for her
YAY ENA
i am acoustic for ena
FINALLY
Thanks for this new episode FINALLY 💀 Anyway love your job !!
YES
Dang, It's been awhile since I've watched ENA, I almost forgot how absolutely ridiculous the world can be but WOW There was so much creativity on Display that It made me fall inlove with it all over again, I probably should binge this again though to get caught up, There were moment where I couldn't follow what was going on but that's all on me. I love the shift in metaphorical gameplay this had, like a Mixture of Fallout & TTYD...I ran out of words.
for once, i think i get it
V th act made me sad The ending made me think              "IS THAT THE BITE OF '87???"
FINALLY ANOTHER VIDEO, Please take a break man and talk to us :)
Tantas reflexões...
ITS BACK OMG ITS BACK
WOO MORE ENA!
lol.
HOLY MOLLY LETS GO ENA  ENA LOVE FOREVER 💙💛💙💛💙💛  Also damn I can actually kind of relate to ENA in this video ngl
Ponmi
🪦
omg
Babe, wake up. New ENA just dropped.
so cool
YOOOOO FINALLY
ENA’S BACK HYPEEE
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
whaaaat? *gmod ragdoll sfx*
WEEE HEREEEE!
I cannot unhear Pomni whenever Mask is talking lmao
OMG THAT WAS AMAZINGGGGGGGG
FIRE AS ALWAYS
Wonderful! Confusing, but wonderful! I missed ENA!
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHGGGGGGGGGG RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HE RETUUUUUUUURNS
*_*Garry’s Mod Collision Sound Effect*_*
Bocas abren ojos cierro, lo parpoteantes pasos que doy son ilusorios, no confíes en el rey de la contradicción, cuando esta de buenas dise mentiras cuando está de malas dice la verdad,《♤♡◇♧ ¡QUE ALGUIEN ME DESPIERTE DE ESTE SUEÑO POETISADO!°•○●□■》
i gotta say, Griffins Puatu has been the best voice for happy ENA yet in my opinion
I MISS THIS ENA SO MUCH OMG OMG OMG OMG I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW I LOVEN THIS ENA SO MUCH
OMG OLD ENA FANS WAKE UP ITS BEEN 10000000000 YEARS- (jk its not 1000000+ years)
Damn. took some time for ENA to come back. But I'm grateful for it 🙌 Good work to Joel G and the rest of the team
It's been 83 years. . .
how the things got even more wierd?!
🎉🎉🎉
ENA IS FINALY BACKKKKKKKK OMYGODDDDD😭
We’re up all night to get Potlucky 😁
she just shoved an entire human man inside her........
ITS FINALLY HEREEEEEEE
yippee!
ENAAAAA
ITS BACK YAY, I love that Moony shows up again at the end too
¡Al fin regresó Ena más bizarra que nunca 🥳 Llevaba meses esperando 😢
These comments are full of people that just say "This speaks to me" "As a person with hemoroids, erectile dysfunction and near sightedness..." And other random crap. Like Jesus Christ, it's ENA not a got damn therapy channel. It's random and weird, not deep and magnificent. Enjoy it for it's randomness, and don't sign too deep
this is outstanding work as always. this series has made me truly appreciate the abstract art within it. this particular short has sparked a sense of nostalgia in me in regards to those old games on the computer I used to watch and play with, kudos on this wonderful diamond in the rough series by the way. keep up the good work.
BRO i jumped from a near asleep state seeing this
Literally the best   Entertainment  Navigation  Assistant   Anyone could ever ask for
Love the part where ENA straight up just gets therapy
YAY MORE ENA
Ah... Therapy.
JOEL G ITS BEEN EONS
NEW ENA RAGHHHHHH
本当に素晴らしい 神
I am a lil confused by this one
now this is fun! ena's sad face returns, and moony is her usual self(not thin), and kidnaps that random dude nearby.  *n i c e*
I think Ena just won therapy????
New Ena Drop!!!
Marvelous and interesting indeed!
I AM CRYING OF HAPPINES😭😭😭
ENA'S BACK!1!1
BABE WAKE UP, NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED
AHHHH NEW ENA NEW ENA
Love that they finally showed moony just grabbing random stuff. Can only wonder how that interaction with the shepherd and her cane went off screen lol.
OMG??
Hm, so the mask that's overly happy is hiding ENA's sadness, and once they accept their sadness, the mask breaks appart
masterpiece
WHOPPEE NEW ENA CONTENT
Dora?
Every episode is better than the last one
There not a single moment where I understood or thought I knew what was about to happen in this video.   And yet it gave me such concentrated joy! Thank you Joel G!
Dafaq just happened?
Seeing a character in ena literally gmod ragdoll was the most unexpected surprise but a Fun one for sure
FONNALLY YOU POSTED
JAJAJAJA esperé mucho para otro video sobre ena, y no decepciono nada, me encanto las nuevas perspectivas a Ena. Un aplauso B)
YIPPPPEEEEE
yay! and i cant tell if that was a 4th wall break
I just got here-
YEAAAAHHHHHHH I LOVE ITTTTTTTTTTT
It’s been so long, glad we got another one
BECAUSE IT'S A JOY YOU STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND
Yoooooo Dude!
OH MY GOOOODDDD
I love how much stranger and out of place everything looks just to make everything that much stranger. Some of these models look like they're from completely different eras and/or games and I love that.
wake up babe new ena ep just dropped
great
Wake up from the pits of craziness, ENA Fans
WE ARE BACK!!!
Thank you Joel and the ENA team for giving us this masterpiece as always :)
WE'RE BACK
THE G-MOD SOUNDS??? HELP
ENA 💙🤍💛
MORE EMA CONTENT LETS GO
Holy god damn the heavens heard my prayers-
omg is this amazing
ENA there is something on your...
Ena it's that u?! :0
AYO ENA BACK
Totes rad yo
CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY
Ah, completely incomprehensible, just how I like it. Can't wait for the ENAlysis community to get on this.
8:39 the perfect place to hide a dead body
RISE FROM THE DEAD ENA FANDOM ‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣
could never get enough, & that ending was golden
IM SO HAPPY THAT THIS CAME OUT OMG I MISSED ENA SOOOO MUCH
Crazy how everyone sees some deeper meaning in it while I'm just enjoying the show not thinking about anything
it's nice to see yellow/blue ena again
Whaat dohddhñfv end😂😂
Woahhh vlif!!!
I LOVE YOU ENAAAAAAA
OMGGG
I know all of these ENA videos have been fever dreams and crazy adventures but this one felt oddly avant garde. With ENA trying to find the concept or meaning of happiness and fun.
imagine this being an VR-Game  such an mindbending experience😁
I won't prepare to a history test to watch this masterpiece
WAKE UP GUYS, A NEW ENA VIDEO (we love u joel)
YAHHHHHHHHHHHG! YEEEEEE
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA ANIMATION DROPPED
4:22 SEEK FROM DOORS IS HERE!!!!!!! 🤨 I think?
OHHHH YEAAAAAHHH🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
FINALLY LETS GOOOOOOOOOO❤❤❤❤
ENA BACK 🍿🍿🍿
the return
Two years now ENA has returned 🎉🎉🎉
Lets gooo! Another episode
Cool
new ena video dropped
SHE'S HERE!!!
I thought this said 59 seconds, hold on lemmie get some popcorn and a soba
I love How nothing makes  sens
I am so living for her return, incomprehensibly wonderful as always!
I can't believe it, it's here!! Edit: Why I sense this is dedicated to all of us weirdcore junkies and shitpost seekers who chase that high of experiencing the eerie as we did with the internet when we were younger? Cool video.
This was great!
Perfection
Ah, En Media Res. Truly a slaughterful use for this media-ric tool, I'm surprised I haven't seen it in {ENTERSTRING:[ENA]} before! :!*)(
LETSSDFUKIG GOOOO
so good to see them both together.
5:32 the skeleron appe ars
Increíble
Ena never fails to clap my cheeks
whar '-'
💥
ITS BACK!
ena rhymes with weiner if you say it in a funny way oohhhhh you just got ownnneddddd
WAKE UP ENA FANDOM SHES BACK!!
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
The silly picasso lady is back!
ENAAAAA
god i love ena and her silly little adventures
TÁ DE VOLTAAAAAAW GRRRRRRR
FINALMENTE!!! QUE SAUDADE DESSE SENTIMENTOOO ⭐
@JoelG Is ENA bi?
ever since someone told me that this is modern xavier renegade angel i cant unsee it
ganke va voicing happy ena??? :o
So cool!! ❤
WOOOO NEW ENA EPISODE
OMG ENA’S BACK SHEES BACCK TYSM FOR THIS
Not the ragdoll sound 😭😭
The first bit of ENA released when I was a freshman in college and now I'm a senior. Time sure flies, don't it?
nothing but YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
We’re finally back let’s goooooooo
Another banger I don't even begin to comprehend. 😎
is this apart of BBQ?
EVERYONE WAKE TF UP NEW ENA EPISODE DROPPED
when new 2 ants 1 president
This EP is amazing the team's skills are really showing!!✨
Oh right I forgot about this
Well i sure wasn't expecting this,  funny i just got into this recently and that one song has been stuck in my head for a bit. What  a nice little birthday present.
NEW ENA EPISODE ‼️‼️‼️
YEEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHH!!1!!!1!!1!!!1
Joel g no puedo entender lo que dicen algunos personajes
If you listen at the beginning,  you can hear Moonie yelling "Runnnn" in a fruitless attempt to remind her what they were doing
I LOVE IT!!!!! MY FAVORITE THING NOW
I'm sick as a dog rn and am kinda loopy. So I'm 100% in the right mental space for a new ENA episode. Thanks, Joel!
2:42 this may be the best thing I've ever seen . The music the face and the theatre styled eyes/lips?? They just combine togheter good and make such a beautiful piece
woo!
the character designs in this episode feels like eyecandy with the many different art cultures
I LOVE THIS SM!! WE GOT TO SEE OG ENA AGAIN?? IM SO EXCITED!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH NEW ENA CONTENT YES!
Don't leave me alone in that room.
YASYAYAYAYAA NEW ENA SHORT
masterpiece
i still don't get it.
Safe to say i still dont understand what just happened
I like the small details like ENA's pose when riding the elevator.
:D!
BROOO and imagine how the game looks! Phenomenal as always Joel!
I love your work
Ladies and gentlemen, let the party begin.
Omg, this is so much like a 90s/ 2000s point and click game
GUYS ITS HEREEEEEE!!!!!
NO WAY
I like the new characters :D
YESSSS TYSM
Whaaat?
DOPE
FINALLY A NEW EPISODE
Fabulous
OMG OMG OMG ENAAAAAAA
Art
OMG OMG OMGGGGGGGGG, JOEL G RELEASED A NEW CHAPTER OF ENAAA, CHESSE N RICE MOONNY
OMG you are back with ENA woo!
QUEQURQUEEEE
I almost forgot that this episode was gonna exist-
ANOTHER BANGER
0:00 A legend returns
FIREEE!!!
LETS GOOOOO  ENAAA
AMAZING ENA MOMENT, MY BRAIN IS FARABANABABLED
Ena my beloved ❤❤
I just can't get over how awesome 3:18 looked. ENA's smirk expression as they walk into the dark with the wobbly legs and spooky music. I watched it about 27 times by now. AMAZING!!
Ena goes to the theater, gets therapy instead  My thoughts on this episode is that the mask is covering her sad side with a very happy go lucky personality ,it almost acts like a parasite.Ena herself doesn't think and feel this is "real joy",the therapist comments on it saying how exaggerated it is and Ena admits it, destroying the mask so now her sad side is unhidden. Her emotions are unmasked.  I love how confused she is here 8:20 / 8:35 , honestly Ena  seemed really expressive  in this episode  and i like it, 3:19 and this powerfull walk
YAY ANOTHER ENA VID!!!
I love how this feels like some surreal n64 dream game
OMGGGG
aw he’ll yeah this is the acid trip i asked for
It's so wonderfully bizarre! Many thankings for the deliverance of fun to my mind eyes!
peak holy moly
후 드뎌 나왔다 에나...
I like when ENA said “It’s ENA’ing time” and ENA’d all over the place
goes hard
VOLTOU AEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EU TOU EMOCIONADO N ACREDITO
Ena is the doomslayer confirmed.
YOOOOOOOOOOO
This was fun
W
This only makes me more excited about the game,!!!
So glad ENA finally went to therapy 😊
8:37 "what?"  *Reach for Ragdoll and insert the ragdoll*
I LOVE HALF LIFE 2 SFX
UH... HOW DID YOU MANAGE TO MAKE ENA EVEN BETTER?
ENA ENANE ENA ENAA I LOVE ENA OMOGGOMOMG
Yeah! Finally a new Video we've been bleased 🥰
E N A   C O N T E N T
ДААААААААААААААААААААААААААААААААААААААА. ОНО ВЫШЛО. НАКОНЕЦТО Я СТОЛЬКО ЖДАЛ. зЗАЧЕММ Я ЖДАЛ? КТОЯ ГДЕ Я??????
This was...  Fun.
THE RETURN WE NEEDED RISE UP ENA FANS
8:29 hello everybody my name is markiplier
I've forgot how I relate to ena so much
I can’t believe ENA managed to get even more strange and cryptic, but I wouldn’t have it any other way! Loved it <3
ENA - краш
I loved every second for reasons I can't explain. It was fun...
ура победа новая серия
I love how through each episode, we never get an understanding of the lore of the world and how it all works, but we get a little more character development though each episode, as if we are seeing the world through ena’s eyes. The world is supposed to be confusing and strange ,and we’re just riding along with Ena and how she experiences and deals with the confusion of everything. Just my take on things. I love this show with all my heart ❤️
Cada capitulo que pasa es mas profundo filosofico enredado y te vuela la mente o simples p4jasmentales que van siendo mas extrañas por eso me encanta esta serie y los sentimientos que trasmite ademas de tener mistisismo y ser tan unica.
Love it
OOoOooOOoO :O
It’s been SOOO long, its amazing to see something again! Also this is amazing! The 3D models, the animation, the voice acting, and all of the whole look of it!
WERE SO BACK EVERYONE
Love it <3 I think I understand the message. Also, the art is amazing!!! Good job to everyone who worked on this wonderful project :)
Crazy😊
Ena clearly doesn’t know how to play ring rang run
dream barbeque???
BABE WAKE UP THEY MADE A NEW ENA EPISODE
WAHOO
😮😮😮😮
ENA SWEEP 2024
THE GOOBER IS BACK ONCE AGAIN 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
GUYS LWTS HIT 1 LIKE!!! PUNCH IT PUNCH IT DOWN LIKE A BADDD BOYY
YESSSSSSSSSS
YESYESYESY EYS YE EYE SYYE SYE S
:)))
yo im confused what happened to enas blue side of her face
Honestly I am impressed with Joel.G creativity and designs  AND THE SURREAL AND VIDEO GAME LIKE AESTHETIC. Just amazing 💫
I'm so glad I got into this fandom just in time! I thought i was too late. Thanks for such a wonderful experience and your work is amazing❤
How is it even possible for this to be simultaneously more and less incomprehensible than the last one at the same time
I cried when Ena showed us what the point of the mask is. Truly one of the Dream moments of all time 😢
Can we talk about that dinosaur dude at the end? The precious little thing!
Incomprehensible as always great job
Bro, I did'nt understand nothing, but I like it.
NEW ENA EPIDOSDE YAAAAYYY🎉🎉
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA NEW ENA EPISODEEE
oh Laddie do i love some ENa crumbs in my wisdom soup splendid As always !
Only one word in the entire English dictionary could ever summarize ENA in its entirety:  *_wahr ?_*
Ena so hot!!!1!1!
Now go work at Dream BBQ, does it took you long enough to work at the game.
Oddly comprehensible, I feel lost 🎉
Woahhh!! This was 49 minutes ago!! ,Cool!!!! ,Yaaayyy! ƏNA IS BACKK!!🔥🔥✨✨
YOOOOOO it’s been so long it’s Finally came :D
Just as strange & unusual as the predecesors, good job!
AAAAA OMGGGGG
hi
Cmon work on the game already
GRIFFIN??? VOICING ENA?? dreams i never knew i had have come true I LOVE IT HERE
ME GUSTA!  I love it as always!  The ending with Gmod physics noise got me laughing 😂
The music in 4:10 feels very warioware like
I felt like I was listening to markipliers voice for a second with the face made of skulls 😂, but absolutely amazing the 2D animation of this and ENA is my absolute favorite
ENA!;;; YAYAYAYZYYAY1AY
eu amei, já tenho algumas teorias em mente, estou esperando por mais!!
ou holy YEAH
SHES BACK PEOPLE! WAKE UP!!!
This is exactly how my brain looks and I love it so much
IM HERE IM HERE I NEED MY ANNUAL ENA FIX
comment
Eu não consegui intender nada!!! O que que eu ví da minha vida??
This feels like someone doing an gameplay idk why
IM SO HAPPY YIPPEEEEEEE AUTISTIC PEOPLE RISEEEEE
WHAT
Day 100000000 of peak fiction 🥶💯🐏
AFTER 96 YEARS ENA FANS WAKE UP
ENA RETURNS YEEEEEEA BABY
ENA Literally detach her sad,is really neat fr.
%QAZ^SYDUTFR*HJYDLTIFR^(RI AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA NEW ENA CONTENT
Spent my morning having an adult autistic panic attack and then I saw this had been posted. I feel a bit better now.
Não sei oque comenta só queria comentar m3smo :3
2413 comments in 47 minutes. Wow
OMG IM SO EXCITED AHHHH
homies joel g posted a new video!!
love the gmod ragdoll noises at the end
I don't can understand nothing!!
Wow and in my birthday too 😆😆😆
My favourite slice of life.
Rise boys
Awesome.
That felt like a fever dream, and I loved it, lmao
What a potluck
Omg 3Dna
YYYYYYAYYAAAAAYUYYAYAYYAYATTATATAYAYYAYYAY GAHYGGHHGGH YAYYGHHH😊
I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR
ENA IN 2023?! OMGGG
LESGOOOOO SHES BACK
*HONEY, WAKE UP JOEL POSTED A NEW ENA VIDEO.*
OH MY GOD
It seems to me like ENA is going to be okay
i hope the gme is just like this
Came here at the speed of light when the notification popped up and WOW! Your work never fails to deliver! Thank you for creating such a unique series!
Well done, perfectly executed nonsense
Griffin Puatu did such an amazing job doing ENA’s happy side! much better than Gamerduck’s take, he lost his privilage of voice acting after what he did  INCREDIBLE JOB JOEL!!
GIRL WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR FACE 😰😰😰
GODDDD I love all the different places art artstyles ENA goes through, the 3D models and animation had me so hyped!!! I adore how alice in wonderland-esque this feels, with ENA experiencing the world without judgement but still reacting (side note it's nice to see her being more expressive, even if it's through little fractured bits like the mask), you can really see how many different ideas went into this and it's always so cool to see them woven together even if it doesn't always make sense! Great work man
Always a fan of your character designs
Basically nothing made sense, the visuals looked strange and unfamiliar. I LOVE IT, easily my favourite so far, great music, great stylization, the VA's did an outstanding job, great job! Really makes me hope we see more of the classic ENA!
RISE ENA FANS
love this new isometric style for the environments!!!!! and the addition of a UI in some of the cutscenes. And of course its always fun to see more ena :)
yay
OH MY GOSH THIS WASNT JUST A VIDEO- IT WAS AN EXPERIENCE!!
...I'd better watch this like, 5 more times so I can understand what in the world my eyes just bore witness to
Babe wake up new ENA animation dropped
Gotta love how many independent animators are trying out weird, dark, wild concepts and styles. Ena is an amazing show and this was an awesome episode!!
o mais absoluto CINEMA obrigado por mais um capítulo excelente!
I hope film theory does a video on ENA
how do you make silly things hit so hard in the gut. love this so much omg
I think that seeing ENA and moony  back together again is the most joy I needed today! I cant wait until for more episodes, this will be truly amazing ❤
Im always amazed by the creative artwork its so interesting i just can’t look away, so excited for the future game to release
Babe wake up another one of the greatest animators on YouTube dropped
Words cannot describe how much I love this little series
the little jingle at 0:17 gave me *chills*- props to VLIF
What a weird, bizarre, creative and astonishing piece of media, love it 🫶
PERFECT!!!
0:56 we need the beats of this bunny when it talks
YEAH theres some good MEANING in this one I can SNIFF IT!
IT'S FINALLY BACK!
ah
yay
Oh no my ena hyperfixation is coming back
The fact that you pumped out a new episode WHILE working on the game is amazing!!
"Oh hey nice a new ENA video, wonder if it's a new traile- WAIT ALMOST 10 MINUTES HOLY SHIT"(I did not see the trailer released a month ago for this lol)
YAY!!!
ENA
WWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A new ena video that expands on ena's character in really interesting ways and ends with a gmod ragdoll joke. 11/10 keep up the amazing work
SHES BAAAACK
ENA is back!!!!! I love the storyline and animation as always
Congrats on 1 million subs
YEAHHHHH!!
Ah yes, Ena.
It feels strange as if this one almost has a plot.
Every ENA video tickles my brain in a way that's hard to put into words.
BABE WAKE UP NEW ANIMATION OF JOEL G
RAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ENA
ENA VIDEO LETS GO??
E SAIU A NOTICIA QUE O MUNDO NAO ACREDITOU
хммм интересно
Babe, wake up, new ENA video just dropped
WHAT????
Claim your “Im early” tickets here!
another banger!
im crying and screaming
Oh
I HAVEN'T SEEN ENA CONTENT IN AGES.... I LOVE ENA SO MUCH 🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED!!!!!11!!!
This is so amazing. Thank you Joel!
Without your permission, I will enjoy this
This feels like a dream, or maybe a BBQ.
I said this once and I'll say it again, I am WORRIED for how long it takes Joel to animate these.
Han pasado 84 años, después del último cortometraje animado.
Нічого не зрозуміло з першого перегляду, але тому це й прекрасно, бо є привід передивлятися ще 😊
I'm glad to see lizzie reprising her role for ENA's blue side
I literally just woke up from a dream that had ENA in it am I a prophet? We'll never know...
The social pressure to perform a role, the difficulty in understanding the emotions of others and their own, I'm scared how ENA makes more and more sense each time.
yooo leaked Dream BBQ gameplay footage XD
Yoooo holy cow ive been waiting sooooo long for this!!!!
yeah
I thought ENA was “cured” but to be fair this series seems to be an anthology more than anything
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED‼
this aint my type of potluck :(
YEAAAAAAAAAHH this has been absolutely worth the wait, I am so happy this is here, still confusing and fun as ever. Heheh. Fun.
OMGGG YESSSS 💞💞💞💞😝😝
ah, i remember.
NEW ENA EPISODE???
THEYRE BACKKKKKKK
WERE BACK
JOEL POSTED
wait, why did i get recommended this when i don't even watch this web series... anyway this looks cool, i'll prob watch it.
OMG IM SO EXCITED FO THIS
LET'S GOOO
I feel like the meaning can be lost with this overly eccentric and childish fanbase😭 gotta love ENA tho
How odd
🙂👍
stuart by the dead milkmen
ENA literally goes to therapy, i love that for her! Also the new happy VA for ENA did an amazing job
It's been centuries. Rise up yall
43MIN ENA OUR BELOVED
WAKE UP BABE ENA IS BACK
WE ARE SO BAAAAAACK
ELA VOLTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU
This is reminding me of yume nikki a little
LETA GOOOOOOOO 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I don't like this
NEW ANIMATION WHOOOOOO
i love treasures out of nowhere
вау, фантастически❤
Phenomenal! From the visuals to the sound to the writing and voice direction, this one felt like a jump forward in the creativity on display and it makes me VERY excited for the game. Wonderful work as always!
Amazing. I didn't understand anything, as usual, but still it is amazing.
OH MY GOD IM SCREAMINH
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Can't wait until the next ENA edits 😵
ENA IS BACK!!! NEW AUDIOS FOR MY COSPLAYS :33
"Every time, I acknowledged the enjoyment and pleasure... and all I got were incomprehensible feelings... and this lousy mask."  Normally ENA as a series is a mostly incomprehensible word-salad in its dialogue, but this line in particular resonated with me on a deep level.
Taarde Joel, tarde. Ya nos superó Digital Circus 😭
I love this game!
lets gooooooo
I love that on a second watch you can clearly hear moony frustratingly yelling “RUN”
What I'm most excited for is to learn HOW IN THE SAM HELL HER FACE ENDED UP LIKE THAT!!!
FINALLY ANOTHER ENA EPISODE THANK YOU JOEL
FINALLY A NEW ENA EPISODE!!!
OMG A NEW ENA SHORT ONG IM SO HAPPY
i always feel like im high when i watch these videos
Yay two years a new episode of my favorite ENA, ENA! all that’s left is dream bbq take your time Jole you got this. :)
8:20 m e m e  m a t e r i a l
I seen this, and I was very glad that it was still alive, I started watching it, and after animation…I still don’t get all sense of it…BUT IT SO FUN TO THINKING ABOUT IT, I really like this, thinking about what it means, the references, what do these images mean, I am so looking forward to the ENA game badly😭
Another wierd masterpiece
ENA BACK AND STILL A MASTERPIECE
yipee
props to everyone (especially the new guy who's voicing ENA) who worked on this fine addition to the series!
新作やー！楽しみにしてたぞ！
it always feels like these episodes are written in verse
I think that this has to be my one of my favorite episodes yet, I love the interactions that both sides of ENA have and their expressiveness, I love how it works with her honestly.
Ena finally gets therapy!?!?!
You know it's a good series when the main character regularly goes to a therapist
Another episode yay!
ENA IS BACKKK RAHHHHHHH‼️🔥🗣️🗣️
Shes BACK,,,,,!!!!!
I bet the game will have even more questions to our unknown answers!
I genuinely love how everything still remains weird to ENA herself and not to others. Like the ending with the... dog... man... thing. She's really hard trying to comprehend what the hell she is looking at -relatable- and Moony doesn't even question it.
my first thou after : HUH then: ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh cooool
Wahooo!!
ahh content while we wait for other content  a lovely appetizer
ENA CONTENT SPOTTED
and again is the weirdest best thing they could do
I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING BUT THAT WAS AWESOME
This one had a visceral and semi-eldritch theme at the start that felt fairly discomforting, but I think that benefitted the overall plot. As the episode progressed, it started to feel more and more like a "regular" ENA episode, which made the "resolution" all the more comforting. This is really quite nice, Joel, and I look forward to wherever you take the series-- even if that's between an Oort cloud in Nevada.
i feel like this had a more comprehensible story than the previous animations... still good but I kinda liked the detached cryptic dialogue,, maybe its just because of the game and the shift in storytelling because of it. Still this was good!!!
ena.
*IT'S OUUUUTTTTTTT*
WTF SR. PELO??????
The amount of Ena designs I will see after this video ALONE  So much inspiration =]
WOOWOWIJEGHFFH MN YIPPEEE!!!!! YAYYYY!!!!!!!! I LOVE THIS EPISOSLDE
Absolutely amazing as usual. I love the message given in this episode: Very profound!
:3 meow
MOONY'S "WHAT" AT THE END IS MY EXACT REACTION WHAT WAS THAT 😭😭😭
MMMMM WHY ARE THE MUSIC AND ANIMATIONS SO GOOD 😭😭😭
OMG NEW ENA VIDEO ‼️🗣🗣🗣
So glad Ena is finally looking into therapy
I'm glad that ENA is back and I really like these artistic animations. I hope to see more of this again.😊
I am feeling immeasurable joy from watching this video
god these are always so beautifully done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love this so much and im happy to see ena again!
I'm currently on hold with my doctor for extremely important prescription medication and the only thing on my mind is finishing so I can watch this
Wake up babe, Joel G just posted
SHADDUP EVERYBODY SHADDUP A NEW ENA JUST DROPPED 😱
ITS HEREE
Oh boy... Twinsen Oddisey and Little Big Adventure vibes.
Holy jesus a teaser
*sonidos de emoción*
COOL
WOOOOOO LES GOOOOOO
oh joel, it's not christmas yet! silly joel...
Detaching the blue half of Ena's face made her SO much more terrifying in a way that's impossible to describe
babe wake up there's another ena video
We are SO BACK
Only Joel would give us a whole new animation as an apology for a delay with his game
YES ENA FANS WE EATING TODAYYY
WAKE UP BABE NEW ENA JUST DROPPED!!!!  THSI IS INCREDIBLE OH MY GOD I LOVE ENA’S FACESSSS
WOOO
I'm so earlier 😭😭😭 and happy
APPLAUSE TO HIM, WHO HAS BLESSED US WITH THIS FINE MASTERPIECE THAT WE HAVE AWAITED FOR SINCE ETERNITY, IT FEELS LIKE A HUNDRED YEARS HAS PASSED ALREADY
TURRON!?
D-did she slap the zipper guy?
You might not be having fun Ena, but I am
WE ARE SO BACK
GUYS WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED ANOTHER VIDEO 🗣🗣
OMG ITS BEEN SOOOOO LONGG❤❤❤❤ IVE MISSED ENA SO MUCHH 😢
ITS HERE WHOOO YEAH YEAH ENA
yippee!!!
FINALLY
I’M SO GLAD TO BE BACK IN THIS AMAZING WORLD. We got a new voice for Happy ENA. Love the message in this episode. I’m guessing it takes place between Auction Day and Temptation Stairway. Hope the game is going swiftly.
i love the super mario rpg essence of the backgrounds and scenes of this episode
WAKE UP EVERYONE A NEW VIDEO HAS BEEN UPLOADED‼️
thats... kinda of an Ena tbh.
ITS BEEN 86 YEARS
Mariah Carey wasn't the only one to unfrozen this year 🛐
THE WAY I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THE VID ON MY RECOMMENDED AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
letss gooo ENA came back
YAYAYAYAAYYY
Can't believe this dropped right as I got home, this is absolutely ace as always, Joel!
MORE ENA CONTENT GRAAAAAAH
YESS NEW ENA CONTENT
eu amo
What makes this so abtract?
SHE FINALLY GOT THERAPY!!!!!! SO PROUF OF HER /SILLY BUT THIS IWAS AMAZING AAAABHJAGEJHSKJ
4:08 i have no voice actor and I must scream leitmotif
THE RAGDOLL AT THE END OMG YESSSS
WE WIN
The outro music is AWESOME! Also, the end was pretty funny XD
new ENA... we're so back
BEEN A WHILE AINT IT
average Ring, Rang, Run experience in the Bronx.
WOOOOO ENA CONTENT
this is so much more artsy and unapproachable, could not be happier
my uncles dog died yesterday this releasing somewhat cheers me up
Foda que eu não entendi nada, só algumas coisas mas nada demais, não ajuda não ter legenda😢
I LITERALLY SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THIS
I love the recent trend of animation series on YouTube just being WEIRD, no one is saying no to just experiencing someone's vision that came from a completely random stream of consciousness, its great
wtf
TURRRRRON!
absolutely incredible
wtf
The production value has doubled no even tripled maybe. This turned out great Joel and team. Can't wait for the game to release!!
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
SO COOL BEANS DUDE
OMGGG
Here we are for more surreal and strangely awesome ENA nonsense
Hmmmm
this is incredible! I love how reminiscent it is of early adventure games. it has the perfect amount of random humor and lowkey unnerving moments
ENA IS BACK
YES
I love how yellow ena’s va changed since her old one was a groomer
FJNALY YEHAHAYATSGSAHAHA
ENA goes to cognitive behavioral therapy
Ena!
YESSSS
WOW
You know it's gonna be a good day when Joel posts a new ena episode
somehow even less comprehensible than usual. i love it
YES I MISSED MOONY+ENAS INTERACTIONS SM
THIS IS SO COOL YOU GUYYS DID A SPECTACULAR AMAZING WONDERFUL WOW SO COOL MINDBLOWING GROUNDBREAKING MIND SHATTERING JOB AT THIS
This episode has somehow made even less sense than the previous ones
YES! ENA is back
TODAY WE EAT GOOD
ENA MY BELOVED!! SHES BACK!!
Can we get merch of that floppy blue ena face as a kite?
👁👁 we makin it out of the backrooms with this one
Im relatively new and im happy theres a new short
WHAT THERES MORE MULTI COLORED HALF EMOTION WOMAN? P-
Nice
This series feels like it has simultaneously a deeper meaning and no meaning at all.
NEW ENA VIDEOOOO
Me Gusta 👍.
OH YEAHHHH
but the question is: is it edible? I’ll answer after watching the video.. Edit: yes. It tastes like cosmic stew.
YWYSYWYSSSS ENAAA!!!!!!
Anyone else hear moony screaming at the beginning?
erna
8:20 my honest enareaction
ƎNA is such a brain fukker, not in a bad way tho
I thought sad Ena sounded familiar. Pomni.
Another banger in the series
Cringe. Skibidi toilet isbetter
hi guys, in this episode ena goes to therapy
I wonder if this what the game is gonna be like
Alav
New Ena voice actor is great! Can't believe it's the same person who plays Ganke from spider-man, that's hype
Why does moony puts everything up her face hole??
OMG I LOVED EVERY SECOND OF THIS!! Such an incredible episode!! I am beyond excited, ena is truly an astonishing series and one of my biggest inspirations ever😭❤️
Masking of joy is very nice concept
Justin Hayward? Is that you?
WHO LOVE ENA??? 👇👇
i am happy this is alive once more
In before 1 million views
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YIPPEE 😊
I missed ENA
ITS BEEN 69 YEARS LETS GOOO
WOW NO ENTENDI NADA ME ENCANTA 😍
GUYS. GUYS? GUYS. GUYS GUYS GUYS GUYS IT'S ENA
Cheese and rice, Moony!
Huh?
Ｔｕｒｒóｎ
My brain is too smooth for this
I'VE BEEN BLESSED.
ENAAA
OMG ITS BEEN LIKE FOREVER WE DIDNT HAD A ENA ANIMATION VIDEO 😭 LETS REVIVE HER I FEEL LIKE PEOPLE FORGOT ABOUT HER OVER THE TIME 😭
These have to be reanimated dreams Joel had once.
Beautiful as always, <3
the endings of these never fail to make me laugh at the absurdity
Taking this as a sequel to Temptation Staircase, if Moony's wish really was for ENA to be happy, all it did was replace her sad side with a hollow mask of joy that wouldn't last anyway. No wonder happy ENA was also so melancholic, it had nowhere else to go but to it
YEA!
This is art
I like how in the beginning you can hear moony yelling at ENA saying RUN, RUUUN!!!"
Theres lore now?
Still has the same vibe, yet you can tell the quality has gone up.
YOOOOOO NEW ENA DROP POG
Glad to see ENA get therapy she could use it for sure.
Im your biggest fan just fyi
LET'S GOOOO NEW ENA EPISODE
You don't need drugs to have some conceptual fun kids
FINALLY! MORE CLIPS FOR US ANIMATORS AND ARTIST WHO USES ENA'S VOICES AS OUR CHARACTER'S!!!  and of course, amazing episode as usual~! THIS IS SO GOOD YAYAYA
wut
you know its a good day when Joel G posts!
My God, It's here again!! I'm so happy:") Thank you so much Joel! Ena series are truly something special
LES GO, ANOTHER ENA VIDEO!!
The mask looks like "Every Villain Is Lemons"
Thank you
sweet way to end a horrible day !!
User engagement
Oh my poetry.  What a time to be alive!
i love how ena does her lil dance before interacting with someone
I could never see Ena making any sort of sense lol
YOOOO
Inanity
WOOOO
Woah what's this
That was fun.
NO WAY
it gets weirder every time Joel comes out with something new for ENA. and I am stoked for it!
YESS
You outdo yourself with every new video, Joel. Absolutely amazing.
Funny how ENA's mask of joy is detached from how she really feels, sorta like how the isometric, 3rd person POV is detached from ENA's own POV unlike previous episodes, which opted for a 1st person POV.
this series is just amazing, and as an animator you get to aprecciate all the artistic and technical effort put into this, definitely my favorite indie project ever.
I tried to make sense of this, but I just couldn't. However, as always, this was a great video. And it seems that ENA and Moony were somehow able to escape the Great Runas and returned back to normal, or something. Again, the lore of this series is just impossible to comprehend.
aight my micro-theory is that the guy made of skulls is runas himself
The goddamn gmod radgoll at the end 💀💀💀
I wonder if the blue mask is a representation of antidepressants...
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
Ena Fans eating good today
PRESS "F" FOR THE DUDE IN THE END HE GOT GARRY'S MOD RAGDOLL'ED  | V
RISE FROM THE DEAD EVERYBODY A NEW ENA VIDEO IS HERE ‼️‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥
ITS HERE
THAT'S AMAZING!!!
Your creativity is endless!~ So good!!
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA VIDEO
BESTIE WAKE UP!!! JOEL G POSTED!!!
amazing job!
The digital acid trip continues.
Amazing 10/10 🎭
I'm so confused but I love it
the fact that moony just grabbed the dude and essentially just killed him using the arm is great when combined with the GMOD effect
WOOHOO A NEW ENA EPISODE
ONCE AGAIN ENA FANS HAVE BEEN REVIVED
ENA IS BACK 🎉🎉🎉
OH MY GODNES GRACIOSSS
good.
FINALLY!
I have no idea what I just watched but it was beautiful
MOM!!   NEW ENA LORE JUST DROPPED!!!!!
Rejoice, brothers! Our fun is on the table! Fans of the ENA shall be filled with joy!
this was so amazing!! the work that's been put in this series across the years is incredible, along with how surreal it all is. i would not have it any other way 🫶 thank you and your team for being my biggest inspiration when it comes to creative liberties, and i am incredibly excited for dream bbq :)
ENA HAD FINALLY RETURNED‼️‼️
I can sleep easy
THE GMOD RAGDOLL SOUNDS JUMPSCARED ME OH MY GOD
ЭТО ВЕЛИКОЛЕПНО❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I was NOT expecting the half life ragdoll sounds
YAYAYAYA NEW ENA
"without your permission, may i check it out?" ENA asks for the consent to do something non-consensually?       she a CNC top confirmed
am i a schizo or is there a new ep
I'm glad that the game isn't the end of the series and you're still making new episode(s?). I enjoy it to bits and I'm inspired by your works. Keep it up and take care of you and your team. :D
I can't believe i watched it right after you upload it
Everything about this is just so strange, but in a wonderfully endearing way! It's practically mesmerizing to watch. It also feels so much like Yume Nikki and I love it!!
was NOT expecting a new ENA video when I refreshed my feed
Woah
ENA is such a mood
8:37 oh my god im giggling so much 😭 and the music is so good the characters and animations will never cease to amaze me
Ena i love ena ena is life ena ena ena
some of y'all really need to go to Act V
Man this new undertale game is weird
ENA ENA ENA ENA ENA
I was wondering when my favorite potluck would happen
I can't believe it, this is the best one yet.
8:24 I was expecting that in this part she responded with: "CHEESE AND RICE MOONY!!"
AAAAAA
ENA esta lindaaaaa <3
They call me ena because of my enaness
YEAAAAA
I WAS HERE
Hey, no pressure about the game. If you can make a ten minute video feel like one of the best games I'll never get to play, I can't imagine what BBQ is gonna be like. Congrats, just congrats.
OH WE ARE HERE
I WAS HERE
Wifey, wake up. ENA is back on the grind again.
YESSSS ENA IS BACK Y’ALL!
YES YES HES YES YES HES YE SYEUSYSYEYSYSN!!!!!!!!
omg! 20 minutes ago! this is a dream isnt it :0? well it certainly looks like one while watching this episode hehe :)  I mean it turned out so great, joel, you never fail to impress your fans with your amazing style, i'm still honestly sad that this only lasted 10 minutes, altough, i'm still grateful for yall blessing us with new youtube content even if the main focus was with the game!  i'll wait whatever the time knowing that the game will have this quality and potentially even more :D, and thank you once again for the bless
Well, I'm glad this is as unhinged as ever Great work!
Чекаю переклад від компетентних людей <3
ITS HAPPENING EVERYONE STAY CALMMM
the masks concept seems interesting, and this animation was wayyyy different than the other so it was really surprising and cool to be honest! keep up the good work dude, i really love your content and YOOOHOOO i was in the credit for the first time ever!!!!! (cocooofox)
ENA FANS RISE UP, SHE'S BACK
8:40 LOL!
WOAHHH
ENA’S BACK!!!!
I WAS HERE (31 minutes ago gang)
Ena both creeps me out and fascinates and astounds me at the same time and i love it all the more for it
me trying to find sr pelo in the animation
I get old megaten vibes from the beginning
[Act V: Therapy] Me: Oh boy
Man, I love these!
I have a theory, this is actually before the main course of the game. Ena is trying to find some entertainment or fun but can’t seem to find it anywhere. After going into the place shown in the video she continues her search and ends up in a new setting where the game will take place in.
this is absolutely insane in a good way
Yay
awesome
Ena never dies
ENA FANS RISEEEEE RISE RISE RISE RISE
Será que mi teoría de que las dos personalidades de ena fueron forzadas a fusionarse/juntarse se hará canon? O será que la naturaleza de ena es ser un ser dual? ¿Realmente todas las Ena siempre fueron así? ¿O anteriormente eran seres individuales que fueron forzados a juntarse por una razón desconocida?
THE QUEEN HAS RETURNED
¡Time to smoke some quality pot while watching ENA again! 😮
ENAAAAA
VOLTOU!!!
dios, no puedo con el subidón de calidad de esto, es magnifico y visualmente atrapante
Yess finally!!!!!
Just getting this recommended to me the moment my edible starts to hit. Wish me luck.
WE'RE HEADING AT PICASSO'S WORLD WITH THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥
BONITAAAA LETS GOOOOO
You don't will better than The Amazing Digital Circus hahhahahaha
I literally have no idea what I just watched. Imma watch it again. Eventually. When I feel like it.
Finally
YO HERE WE GO!
LETS GOOO 🔥🔥
This feels extremly diffrent from the other episodes. It feels more grotesc like when i think about the implications of the seprerated face and the connecting vein, my brain could vomit. I like the gore and crazyness though. it ois quite the experience.
havent heard from ENA in so long. good to see its still alive!
this was a true life experience, thanks so much for your hard work
JOEL THIS IS AMAZING OMG
i dont know what happened but this was the best fever dream ever
Yo!
WOOOOOOOO
Why did moony eat that guy
Just when I think things in ENA can’t get any more wacky, Joel always finds a way to blow my mind!! Gosh how I’ve missed these videos <33
Also this just made my Autistic ENA Theory even more solid
I have no idea what any of that meant and that’s how I hoped it to be since I saw the last one. Amazing series, can’t wait for dream bbq!
WE'VE WAITED FOR SO LONG RISE 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
An absolute whirlwind of expression, Thank you.
OMG
It’s just so beautiful how Joel G never let us down
everytime i watch a new ena video i question why im even here but im not complaining
At long last, our silly little lady has returned for another adventure.
A ENA LINDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'll uh Definetely have a think about this one
OH MY GOD; IT'S WAY TO EARLY FOR CHRISTMAS, BUT IDC! You did it again Joel G, and whoever you are, and not even related to each other I'm proud of ya so bad!
YOOO!!
29 MINS!!!!!
im glad ENA found moony again
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY
Honey woke up, JoelG dropped a new video
ENA game on Steam when?
Loving the new gameplay look
quite splendid
I am confused, I love it
This episode has given me immeasurable joy.
GUYS PLEASE DONT LET THIS GAME DIE WHERE MY PEOPLE AT?!
wow, this is great
As much as I love the colorful nonsense of this series, I also adore the strangely grounded reality of ENA going to therapy. Even if the therapist is literally a face made of skulls.
YESSS 0:54 😮😮😮
I love the ena lore
AAAAAA FINALLY ITS HERE
NO WAY FINALLY A NEW ENA EPISODE, ITS BEEN YEARS, ENA FANDOM RISE UP
ENA RAHHHHHHHHH
ENA I MISSED Yu😭😭😭😭
I thought this was going to be a teaser for dream bbq, but this is so much more! This is such a cool project to wake up to.
Ima be honest, this doesnt feel like an episode tbh
OMGGGG
wuuut
I loveee the more darker tones! Love the music and animation, GREAT as always. Such a delight!! Thank you for sharing your guys’ work!
fun.
I......LOOOOOOOOVE IIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!!
WOOO ITS HEREEEE!!!
ena is good
ro be honest, I liked it better in first person when Ena walks around. But uh, I guess I'm just not used to it. Great episode!!
I love how it's just Ena going to therapy in the end, also MAN WHAT A GOOD EPISODE :D
GRIFFIN PUATU AS HAPPY ENA LETS GOOOOO THE GOAT- i mean THE DEER🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌
finna buy an ENA plush 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
These are some of the best pieces of art on this website.
I freaking loved Lizzie’s performance, I wish she was real
Wonderful and spectacular video.⭐️⭐️⭐️🥇🥇🥇🎗🎗🎗
YO YO YO WHA
The character and set design is incredible!
It’s been 3 years, BUT SHES BACK!!
So, in this episode, ENA seems to be pursuing "joy". She seems to be "starving" for it, but yet not find themselfs happy with: Act |, endless connections, that are so marvelous, to the point of making others tear.  Act ||, a world they can't find themselfs in.  Act ||| & |V, acting out for a cheering crowd.  Everything happens, while a fake mask pushes ENA forwards. It's not until ENA goes to an act called "Therapy" that thinga start getting back to """normal""". Of course this is all surreal and the endings is just bizzare, dropping the whole narration.....But I do see a patern here.    Joel......are you doing ok, buddy?
Let's goooo! New ENA video!
NEW ENA IM GONNA SOB OMG
YOYLECAKE
great art im really fan of your work you seem to be such a funny person
FINALLY LETS GOOOOOO!!!
VOLVIO LA PERUANA LIMINAL CTM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ENA‘s new face thing looks like a kite strung up by nerve endings
ENAA
MMM OOOO AAAA MMM
ENA BACKING OUT TO THE CURTAIN IS SO COOL EEE
Babe wake up, new ENA just dropped
We all cheered
ENAA😊
amazing as always
WAAARRR ISSSSS OVVVVERRAAAAAAAAA
"Often, the greatest of fun can be found in the little moments"  Like this one right now 😁 Welcome back, Ena 🎭  🧀🍚
Новая серия? Неожиданно.. Сперва превращение эпизода Dream BBQ в игру, теперь полноценный эпизод, круть❤
amazinggggg
new ENA content let's goooooo
ENA feels like 2 minutes and 2 hours, but its always good time
YES ENA
omg,,,
YESSSSSSS ITS FINALLY HERE
FINALLY!!! IVE BEEN WAITING FOR 748389 YEARS!
CHRISTMAS!!!! JUST A WEEK AWAY
I LOVEEEEE THISSSSSSS!!! ENA FANS WAKE UP!!!!
LETS GO ENA FANS WE EATING GOOD TONIGHT
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MOOORE ENA CONTENT!!!!
ITS PERFECT.
ES EL MEJOR MOMENTO DE MI VIDA, YO HABRE NACIDO POR MI MAMÁ PERO YO VOY A MORIR POR ENA😭😭😭
ena episode 4 will never relea- *spits out cereal*
ena
Literally woke out of bed, crawling out of one fever dream, and into another, with a discord in the mind concept. Thanks for continuing the dream even after I wake up JoelG.
OMG ENAS BACK yippie :]]]
It laughed in confusion.
OH ENA IS BACK OH MY GOD THANK YOUU
No entendi mucho pero se te quiere joel peruano deje mi resentimiento a los peruanos por ti bb❤
Let's GOOOOOOOOO
NEW ENA VIDEO YIPPIEEEW
ENA IS BACK FROM THE WAR
i absolutely love the fact that this looks even more like a real gameplay
YEAHHHHHH!
YOOOO WE ARE BACK
Bizarre coping strategy, but if detaching (?) your face works for ENA, I won't judge! Edit: Well, guess not!
NEW ENA LETSGOOOOOO
OMGGG
this is a joy i do understand
WE ARE EATING NEW JOEL G VID!!!!!
OH MAH GAH !!
Hey uh… what happened to their face?
no way
WAKE UP WAKE UP NEW EPISODE OF ENA JUST DROPPED!!!
Wow, this episode in particular really spoke to me. As someone who deals with bouts of depression and is also autistic, the visual of ENA wearing a mask of happiness that floats detached from her, and therefore detached from how she really feels, reminds me a lot of the masking I resort to. The entire time ENA doesn't comprehend why certain things make others happy or how they're expressing their joy, but her mask just agrees and goes along with everything. Only when the Therapy Act shows up does the mask shatter and reveal how ENA really feels.
ENA FANS, ARISE
YESSSSSSS ENA HA REVIVEDDDDDDDDDDDD EARLY (kinda)
A LENDA TA DE VOLTA
Same ENA, same :c
Yea
SIMBORAAAA
true
Gorgeous as usual!!
ONG this is actually from a forgotten history I SWEAR
So my theory was true. ENA is searching for true happiness in this broken world. I actually feel kinda bad for her now since i don't think she managed to find something that made her happy. And it seems as though even wishing upon The Great Runas didn't help either.   So if those didn't bring ENA happiness, what will...?
My sister told me this dropped AFTER SHE WATCHED IT? Messed up but I'm still exited
NOVB
I wanna hug her :3
ena is so real
This series keeps getting stranger and stranger and I'm all for it, this episode feels like a literary classic that's been shredded and put back together with the essence of a fever dream and it's incredible
I feel like ena is a slice of life from a place we dont really understand the rules
OMGGGG
Huge props to Griffin Puatu, the new VA for Ena’s happy side! They did an incredible job! So excited to see Ena back!
YAAAYYY NEW ENA ANIMATION!!!
ENA FANS RISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LETS GOOOOOO NEW ENA CONTENTTTTT ❤️❤️❤️❤️
BABE WAKE UP, NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
ena took her schizo meds (it made everything worse)
Oh man. This might be even more gorgeous, unsettling, and compelling than Temptation Stairway! I can't imagine the work that must have gone into conceptualizing all these things, let alone in bringing them to life. And the aesthetic and conceptual evolution is seriously impressive. Ironically, surrealism has a tendency to fall into blandness– but you guys keep finding new ways to push the envelope. I can't wait for Dream BBQ.
Han pasado 84 años...
I'm in awe and lost for words. Every new ENA pushes my mind into a void I've never realised I desperately wanted to be in. Bravo.
YAY! ITS ENA! GUYS THIS IS NOT A DRILL! ITS ENA!!!
THIS GIVES ME NOSTALGIA! CAN U MAKE A NEVERHOOD REFERANCE JOEL? UNLESS U ALREADY KINDA DID LOL :D
FOAMING AT THE MOUTH, GRIPPING MY GRIPPERS, GRINDING MY TEETH, PEED A LITTLE 😍😍🥰
HOLY A NEW ENA EPISODEEEE
The production quality of this video in particular is such a step up, I'm absolutely shocked by it. I'm in awe.    I WAS SUPRISINGLY EMOTIONAL DURING ACT V WITH THE VOICE COMEBACK
I’m so ecstatic to see another ENA animation with the original !! I was hoping Moony would show up at some point and was so happy to see she did :]  Wonderful animation as always ! Cant wait for Dream BBQ and all of the 3D environments in this episode have me wondering if we’ll have a similar exploration method in the game.
<The source ragdoll sounds caught me off guard, wonderful work Joel!>
I cannot comprehend what just happened and I love it
WOW
YEEEESSSSS A NEW ENA VIDEO!!!!!!! EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKK!!!!!!
Despite being the maddest episode to date, I feel I had a clearer understanding of the themes here than in previous episodes.  Excellent work as always.
An ƎNA Animation always feels like you’re on drugs although you didn’t do drugs, and I love that
HONEY!, WAKE UP, A NEW ENA EPISODE IS OUT!   Madness is a form of happiness you do not need….it hurts  7:55 NEW FREIND  3:19 “eevilll” walk
hyperkinomatic gem with an ionescian metanarrative
GET INNNNN
"Sometimes, the most astonishing experiences are the ones we never expect. These tears are from joy" "Sadly, happiness is not for sale in this place." "But wait, these twists and turns are getting odd. Or...am I the one the rhythm can't catch ? This notion of happiness is quite strange" "Fun is quite the elusive varmint--isn't it ? But remember : it is never lost forever. Often, the greatest of fun can be found in the little moments." GOD THOSE QUOTES ARE SO POWERFUL, I swear I'm gonna cry
How can I get a film in tattoo? I breathe with this and now we beat at the same time  I need more, I refuse to continue existing
Dang I'm actually early?
Somehow the production value is ten times higher than the already insanely high quality of the earlier episodes. Truly incredible!
HERE BEFORE 50,000!!!
Thank you JoelG <3
Hoje está sendo um bom dia🎉
NO WAYYYY
LETS GOOOOO!!!
YASSSSSSSSS  I LOVE ENA SMUCH I CANT WAIT FOR MORE. MY POOSAY IS EMPLODING FOR MORE CONTENT
YEAAAA I COULD TELL THERE WAS VILF ANIMATION IN IT AND SEEING THE CREDITS CONFIRMED IT, HELL YEAA
Let's fricken gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!👏👏👏👏👏👏
Okay.
Time to change my personality again ❤❤
THE LOOK ON ENA'S FACE AT THE END KILLED ME 😭
I love stuffing random objects into my empty eye hole!
Oh, I ADORED EVERY SECOND OF THIS. I ESPECIALLY loved the angled top down 3D environments, it reminds me so much of the old CD-ROM games I used to play when I was younger!  Wonderful work as always! Keep it up! 💛💙
HOLY SMOKES ENA ON MY HOMEPAGE LETS GOGOOOOO
YESSSS ENA CONTENT 🎉🎉🎉
YIPPEE I SEE ME IN THE PATREON CREDITS
omg i love griffin puatu as ena!! one of my fav voice actors
DUDE that bunny has such a clever character design i love it so much
This episode is the most sane somehow
I always loved the weird atmosphere
AAAH NEW ENA ANIMATION!!
YES FINWLLY AFTER 2YEARS AEEEEEEEE
FINALMENTE VOU VOLTAR COM O MEU CANAL!!!!💜💜💜💜
I love how the concept (my theory on what it is) of how therapy doesn’t necessarily help/suit everyone and that everyone can see stuff differently is portrayed in act V Also the scene where ENA enters the curtains is so 😩👑
WAHOOO !! JOY!! JOUNESS !! JOY !!
I never thought id see her in another video again
OMIGOSH OMAGOD
More ENA! Amazement and abstraction, I've missed the series! I'm sure this will become another regular rewatch, just like the other entries.
YESS vine temprano para la locura!
It has been so long and i love it
OH MY GOD ENA IS BACK AND STILL IS WEIRD AS DAY 1
BABE WAKEUP JOEL G POSTED
Wow, great job everyone ❤❤❤ This is so awesome! Thank you for your creativity and passion
IT'S BACK IT'S BACK!!!!! OMG!❤❤❤
I love noticing how the animation of Ena (as a character) looks so smoothly and more full of life! And everything in general does. You can tell in the expressions and the aesthetics how Paul continues to improve and bring us more content!
This felt like a dream.I loved it.
I have awoken to feast my eyes.
YES!!!! YES!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE ARE BACK AGAIN!!!!!!!! WOO!!!!!!
WE ARE SO BACK I LOVE ENA FOREVER
Why you gotta put this out when im fresh outta mushrooms =[
Heck yeah!!
WE EAT GOOD TODAY ENA FANS
New ENA video? Lets frickn GOOOOOOOOOOO
Another great day, another great Ena vid 😎😎
great episode as always!!!!!!!! I'm so happy we got some new quality content
this means absolutely nothing and everything to me
TODAY SHALL BE A GREAT DAY. A DAY OF FUN IF YOU WILL
Yep, very lucky! :D
ENA FANDOM WE HAVE BEEN FED
The effort and dedication that Joel G puts into his animations is incredible. Thanks for what you do Joel G! ❤️
Holy cow! This episode was way closer than when I imagined it would release! Excellent work!!!
ENA ENA ENA AAUGAAAAGH ENA ENA EAAHAGGHG ENA AAUGHH I LOVE ENA WE CANT STOP WINNING
A new episode? A new episode!!
WAKY WAKY ITS TIME TO SEE ENA AGAIN
YESS MORE ENA CONTENT! :D
OH YMH OSHS I LOVE ENA SOSOSOSOSOOS MUCHYAYAYAYYAYA NEW CONTENT
YIPPIE
I love the 90s/ early 2000s 3D graphics, I remember playing some games on a library computer like this as a kid
ur mind continues to astonish me with how distinctly unique each character u create is
A long time, A long Awesome Abstract Video     Se extrañaba a ENA Mucho/So-Much
I HAVE BEEN S U M O N D
I'm glad they used a new VA for happy side
soooo cool!
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!
HELL YEAH NEW ENAAA
analysing this will take up the next week of my life thank you joel g
Thank god that mask exploded. I really like the classic ENA design, and I would've been sad if they changed it
ouhhh It was definitely an astral trip for me
I love that ena's aesthetic looks like a videogame
ITS HERE!!!!!
Just perfect as Always, take all the time you need
LETS GOOOO
RISE UP ENA NATION!!!!
Pipes falling.mp3
we are SO back.
I havent even finished the video and am utterly shocked at the quality of this, beautiful work, Jesus Christ
awesome!!!
I feel like this is filled to the brim with lore
I love how the 3d models look a lot more dark but reflective
ENA FANS LETS RAISE LIKES!!
Eu Gosto
this absolutely feels like a fever dream but the ending tho is a dream id definetly have
💜
TBIS WAS SO GOOD OH MY GOD
I loved the part where I had no idea what was going on (the whole video)
I gotta say, in my opinion, this is the best work yet, through the entirety of the video I could only crack a smile while bitting a lip.
I should've known better than to think ENA couldn't get any weirder 8:20 ALSO HER FACE HERE I CANT
SHE’S BACK!!!!!!
release the barbecue one
MORE ENA
Una vez mas no entendí nada la historia pero QUE DELEITE VISUAL JOEL SOS UN IDOLO  ENA FANS ARE EATING
ENA is peak fiction
Well this was a welcome surprise. Even if ENA didn’t have fun I sure did.
It's been too long since I experienced the fever dream like world of the ENA series.
This reminds me of Funny Pizza Land
FRESH ENA VID WOOHOO
Turrón
ANAKALCNWKSKAKLZKWHSJS🎉🎉🎉🎉
FINALLY MY BELOVED 🗣💯💯
I can't wait to watch this! Once again your work of the abstract continues to both confused and excite me.
ENA fans never die
Awesome ENA is back and it’s looks incredible as always
Its crazy how the last episode was made 2 years ago, glad we are still alive to see more of Joel's masterpiec
wackier than ever
ENA YEUSYZYSU
ENAAAAAA!!!!!
I love moments where Ena just realizes a lot of things doesn't make sense around her
Thanks, i need this
This is very wierd even by ENA standards.
Oh My God I Love This Video❤ I Love ENA So Much ❤🎉💙💛😍  I Want This 4EVA (Forever)
8:29 Hello, everybody.
NEW ENA VIDEO GRAHHHHHHHH
babe wake up new ena video just dropped
i love the way the tiny thing is attached to ENA's blue half through what looks a lot like an umbilical chord. pretty disturbing
FINALLY BRO
Thank you for motivating me to create.
MOONY FANS WERE SOOOO BACK
12 лет ждал, в Аскабане (Рускоговорящим привет)
I am so utterly confused and I could not be happier about it
EYOOOOOOOO
Наконец-тоооо
ENA FINALLY GOES TO THERAPY LETSGOOOO
Yeah!
Therapy
OMG I’M SO EXCITED!!! 😆😁
APÓS ANOS, ELA VOLTOU
This REALLY hypes me up for Dream BBQ, I have it on my wishlist and I know it'll be amazing! Thanks Joel :)
this is the greatest thing of my life
After being part of the group that has been making ENA in r/place for two years now, ENA has kind of become this weirdly familiar thing to me. Seeing a new upload is genuinely amazing, keep it up, I'm super excited about the game!!! ^^
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I liked my comment, cuz no one else will do
Why does the therapist soudn like Markiplier
This really felt more serious than the previous ones.
as always. ive been blown away
This is a trip and I love it!
YESSS! THE FIRST TIME I'VE BEEN HERE TO EXPERIENCE AN ENA EPISODE SHORTLY AFTER ITS RELEASE! I'M OVERJOYED!
This new dream barbecue looks strange
AN ENA EPISODE YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
:D
And i draw POT OF GREED which allows me to draw 2 cards from the deck
This looks so creepy, yet also oddly fascinating?  Edit: Oh my god, the ending what??? XD
Ena is back!
this is the fun!
oh my god that last second this is great thank you
Swag
ENAAAAAAA! Minha paixão está de volta!
I LOVE THIS SM AUEFHASIUDFHASEKJFHDJFHSEUIKHADF
WOOO
Me encanto el video, joel sos una gran inspiracion, espero estes bien
ENA !!
I wonder whats up with the mask
Amazing as always joel!
A ANIMACAO MAIS INCRÍVEL ESTA DE VOLTA AMEI 🎉🎉😢😭😭💖💖💥💥💥💥🫂🫂🫂
YAAAAS
"Because it's a joy you still don't understand"  💀
its been 84 years
not even drugs will recreate the confusion i felt watching this
ENA!!❤
YEAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
FINALMENTE ISSO CHEGOU! Q saidades 😭
Why am I so early
🫡  No puedo... Tener palabras para esto, en serio, quiero decir lo increíble que me parece pero también lo confuso, simplemente no encuentro una manera de decir ambos
NEW ENA VIDEO ITS BEEN 7,000 YEARS....
This was just incredible, I love how Joel uses each short to explore some different type of aesthetic from the 90s-early 2000s This one was the most reminiscent of click-based digital museums, with the 3D renders and the way ENA traversed it. So damn awesome!  Also, I love how this episode at the end confirmed that Moony just takes random things and eats them on a whim, it might confirm the theory that in Temptation Stairway she was just following ENA the entire way and eating everything/everyone ENA encountered previously, as dark as it is (Edit: I meant to say Temptation Stairway not Extinction Party)
Nunca me pierdo nada de este canal
Im more confused then ever but almost had the most fun (ironically)
Supongo que mi teoría de que la parte triste de ena quería salir de su cuerpo ( de alguna manera ) se volvió cierta, y aparentemente ahora la parte feliz de ena ahora sí toma en cuenta más las emociones y decisiones de la parte triste. A mí siempre me pareció que la parte feliz desplazaba mucho las opiniones de la parte triste, hasta el punto de ignorarla
OMFG!!! THIS IS AMAZING
YEHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
3 minutes in and kicking my feet
LOVE YOU! ЛЮБЛЮ ВАС! ❤❤❤❤❤ МЫ ЖДАЛИ ААААА
This is like an Ena video or something
I adore all the ENA animations
10 minutes of Ena, we eating good tonight girlie pops
oh yeah baby we back ‼️‼️‼️‼️
LETS FREAKING *GOOOOOOOOOOO*
MEU DESU
Vlifs music is so unique I could tell immediately who it was made by
I WACHED TIS HE HOLE ENA VIDEOS AND IM SO GLAD ITS BACK
OH YES
What the $#\% was the ending?
What an amazing exploration into the unknown!
eh, it was pretty stuffy.
wasn't expecting a sudden allegory for depression ngl but i welcome it
YEYAYEYAYSYEYEYEYEYEEYEYEAAEAYAYRUEUEWAAAAAYEEYEYEEAAAA
YOOOOOOOOOO
I'VE WAITED SO LONG! NOT BY NOTIFICATION, BUT BY THE CALL OF THE HEART! LOVE YOU!!!
NEW ENA ON MY BIRTHDAY
ITS PEAK IM AFRAID
SHES BACK
SHES BACK
Another banger! Thank you for bringing another video like this Joel G and your team!
Who ever watch this with the ena plushie say “aye”
No way. Finally
ENA SO SILLY
The way moony just drags the person into her is just shocking! like what!?!? 😭😭
wake up babe, Joel G has posted
OOOH HERE WE GO, SHES BACK! WEVE BEEN WAITING FOR YOUR RETURN, ENA!!
Как всегда гениально и безумно
Lovely as always! I cannot wait for the game to release! Everyone whom worked on this video deserves a round of applause, as they did wonderfully! This truly felt like one of those old, retro, obscure games you would play during the early 2000s, and I adore it.
Delightful!
ENAAAAAA
Less than 30 minutes gang 😎
i missed you
hellooo :DD
In search of le funni 💀
I AUDIBLY WHISPER-YELLED MOONY!!!! WHEN I HEARD HER VOICE AAAHHH
ENA TIIIIIME!!!
this series always makes me feel cozy, like it's cold and i am cozy.
IM GONNA EXPLODE.
Йооооо
finally, almost 10 minutes of enjoy
nice
YES AHHHHHH
It’s amazing to see more.
Is thia pre or post temptation stairway?
When ENA said "Maybe the strongest power... Is potluck" I cried and applauded, another 10/10 masterpiece amazing job
Here within uhhhh… 20 minutes team here ig
QUEEN ENA IS BACK BACK BACK AT IT AGAIN
Under 20 minutes ago this was posted. I've never been this early for anything lol
RISEE
ENA
BABE WAKE UP MORE I-NA
Ena never misses out to confuse me with joy. Huh. 🐑
OH MY GOD IM SO GLAD I STAYED UP LATE HOLY MOLY
ohshit
Incredible!!
ITS SOOO GOOOOD AHHSHSHHSHSHSH u take the ena game as much TIME AS IT NEEDS
How ENA got so much scary rn 💀
SHES BACCCCCCKKKKKK
You never cease to blow us all away with the team's amazing work! Thank you so much for another great short Joel!
NO WAYY NEW ENA LETS GOOO 🙏🫶
очередной шедевр от легенды
First 🎉
oh hi ena...... WAIT WHAT!!?!
VLIF REP LETS GO
I liked how this one actually has a 5 act structure. Very comprehensible. What fun!
Our girl has returned 🤩
LETS GO FOLKS WHERE WERE YOU ON 11/28/2023
REVIVAMOS EL FANDOM PORFAVOR 🙏🙏🙏🙏
so cuteeee
ENA
I like the music, very fitting!
HELLO!!
YOOOOOOO
NEW EPISODE, FINALLY God I've been waiting for this for sooo long!
Once again an absolutely amazing episode, great job!!
Wasn’t expecting this so soon!
:O0000000O
this show just gets stranger and stranger istfg
Wow
I cannot tell what is going on but I love it ❤   EDIT: WHO’S HOUSE IS THIS MOONY⁉️
YEYESS
ah yes, entertainment beyond my comprehension
Yoo another amazing episode. This one seems to be the most abstract and layered one yet. ❤❤
¡Ena ha vuelto!! ¡Nuestra chica digital amante del turrón, Ha vuelto!!!
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR A VERY LONG TIME THANK YOU
IT'S OUR TIME!!!!! ENA IS BACKKK 😭☝️
お久しぶりです！
ok 👍
Awesome
A new ENA video? We must live in the same dimension as her then if that’s happening.
stoooOOoooOooºmmmp why are u looking at meeeeeeeEEeE
IT'S BEEN 100 YEARS!
YESS
WHAT HAPPENED TO HER FACE
Joel G and the ENA team nailed this!!! The characters, the worldbuilding, the mystery - its such an inspiration!! The wait is absolutely worth it >:)
NUEVO EPISODIO!!!! QUEEE
Awesome!!!!
Is this like a 90s PC game?
yay grief and therapy :D
Ask and ye shall receive more ENA
OMAGAA
What a entertaining story my eyes have seen here! I have always been into abstract stories like this, and it was a joy to adventure this one!
Here before an hour and also finally new ena content !!!
Ena! Brings tears to the eyes. A joyous cavalcade of fun!
turron?
ah yes, i really understood that one
Finally some fun to be had
This is such a fascinating in-universe breakdown of Ena as a character, managing to be just a bit more comprehensible than usual while still providing no concrete lore or answers. I love how the mask was used to cover up and detach Ena's sad side while also showing that the two sides aren't always as clear as they seem, a wonderful continuation of the story from Temptation Stairway!  Also Moony just grabbing literally anything she can find and stuffing it into her weird eye hole thing is such a great bit, I love it.
PURE ART!!!
AWESOME SAUCE
yippee
Oh man was this interesting. I'm happy to see happy and sad Ena but that mask was very interesting. I love watching this series and can't wait to see what the game has in store.
WE ARE RISING FROM THE DEAD GUYS I LOVE ENA
Did...did Moonie just eat someone?!
Me encanto mucho el video y valio mucho la espera❤
Oh my dear magnificent great runas, we all finally awake from the 1010101010101010101010 years
9 MINUTE LONG ENA EPISODE????? JOEL YOU SPOIL US
ENA IS BACK!!!! WOHOOOOO!!! Props to the new VA, he's killing it.   I love how it looks like a more modern game, the 3D HD ENA model looks weird but I love it.
OH HELL YEAH
Amazing work 🤩!
NEW ENA VID JUST DROPPED YAHHHOOO 🥳🥳🥳🥳
ITS ENA TIME BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ENA FANS ARE EATING TODAY
wait for the Special thanks to Sr Pelo what did he do in this video?🤔
E
at first I thought it was some type of prequel to stairway until the sudden thin moonie showed up
NEW ENA :DDDD YEAA
amazing! this is definetly the type of art the internet needs!
is ENA getting consious?
When the Moony came i literally say "my sunshine"😂😂😂
ENAAAAA
We grow ever closer
AAADFGDGHFJHHHHH IM SO HAPPYYYYYYYYYY AAAJGAHHAHHGHHRHKEDSHG
ENA finally got the therapy she needed, good for em
Gracias Joel, de verdad se agradece este pequeño regalo mientras están haciendo el juego se te aprecia de verdad!
I really like it because this time the ena team is giving us some clues to understand its meaning: it is clear that the whole episode is about happiness, so it should be our mission to interpret it. What does all the symbolism mean? Why does each character behave in a certain way? Looks like there is a lot of philosophy behind it and I love it. I want to read others' interpretations.
ok
YESSSSSSSS
YAAY OMIGOSH
WOAH ENA CONTENT WOO
God, I feel like this episode looked so good! It also had a really different feel from most other episodes but it was great. I specially liked the bit at 03:18
woooooooo yeeeeeeeeesss!!!!
INTERESTING
I have no clue what's going on but I'm all for more ENA content
LETS GOOOO
NO WAY
yay finally my favorite ENA!!!
Então isso tudo rolou só pra ena voltar e ir pra terapia?                                                 *me identifiquei*
YIPPPEEEEEEE THE NEXT INSTALLMENT THANK YIU JOEL
Amazing! 🎭 Makes me feel joyful.   My mind has been blown yet again. What a psychodellic experience.  (The animation and everything else is breathtaking yet again.)
OH MY GOD
SHE HAS RETURNED TO US ONCE MORE!
Damn I have no idea whats going but I love it so so much
A MARVELOUS FEAST!
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G JUST UPLOADED
YAYAYAYYAA
MORE ENA CONTENT YAHOO!!
CHRIST HAS RETURNED
NEM FODENDOOOOOOO!!!!! FINALMENTE SAIU
THE ENDING ????
О боже не зря не спала! Неожиданно и приятно вышла новая серия! Она восхитительно ПУГАЮЩАЯ И НЕПРИЯТНАЯ В ХОРОШЕМ СМЫСЛЕ БОЖЕ стиль Эны снова победил ❤🎉❤в
NEW ENA EPISODE AAAAHHHH!!!!
LET'S GOOOO MORE ENA
I might need to rewach this later cuz my 11pm brain doesent seem to comprehend this episode
So is this a prequel? Is this a different Ena and Luna?  Is there supposed to be consistency?  Questions aside, I'm glad another one of these ENA videos were posted, nice to see that you're still active.
YIPPEEEEEE!
This ones so different from the others... I dunno how to feel about it but damn it still is well done!
LET'S GOOOOO!!!!! IT'S A GREAT DAY FOR THE ENA COMMUNITY
LETS GO MY FAVORITE MENTALLY ILL POLYGON IS BACK! 🎉
MARKIPLIER??!??!?!?!??
potluck
AAAAAAH
This one felt much more like Yumi Nikki levels of surreal instead of dream like levels of surreal
claim your I WAS HERE FOR THE EPIC POTLUCK ticket here
my mind in theater class, also i love it.
muy bueno
*Cuando yo la vi wujuju dije esa mujer es para mi*
IT's HERE!!!!
Gotta love the GMod Ragdoll sounds!
leeets gooo
OMG!!!
love to see it!
fantastic as always 💙💛
SO COOL OMG
УРА!! Спасибо за ваши труды, я люблю вас❤/thanks! I love you❤
It act and look like a game.
Surprsied its out so soon
So glad I became a Patron member to support this incredible work of art, can’t wait for Dream BBQ
LET'S GO!!!
HERE WE ARE GANG
THIS IS SO GOOD OH MY GOD HOW IS EVERYTHING BETTER THAN BEFORE!?
I can't believe this little picasso girl and her crazy universe inspires me so much, the chaotic mish-mash of so much references intertwined makes for an artistic explosion, and I love it, I hope one day to be able to produce something as good as this series !
I love how it feels like there's a story here, but it's near impossible I comprehend until the end. And even then it's bizarre.
ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!!
The whole story is that Ena was using a mask to cover up her sadness and the Therapist said that all she needed to do was appreciate the little things, but Ena didn't understand! :D
GRACIAS POR TANTO, PERDÓN POR TAN POCO, SE VE MUY DE PANA, ES HERMOSO, TAN EXQUISITO
Amazing it's been so long i missed ENA so much😄
Лайк, спасибо за видео
as always, i am left very impressed yet hopelessly confused
The legend is back
love the ragdoll at the end
I'm not high enough for this yet. I'm gonna come back later
This is gonna be such a vibe I can already tell
This one is really interesting and creative, I think it’s interesting how the two halves of Ena are separated and have seemingly swapped personalities
ENA IS BACK SING REJOICE AND CHEER
ENAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA VAMOS MIS CAUSITAS
incomprehensible. I love it.
"ACT V: THERAPY" jumpscare.
ena amongus
I'm gonna need to sit down and think about what I just saw, or maybe I need to stand up and walk. I'll get back to you when I find out which helps, but this video helped me eat my tacos. Cheers!
YEEESSS
oh
EEEEK,, I JUST FINISHED THIS AND IT WAS SO GOOD!!! I LUV ENA :333
I MISSED IT!😿
how my gf got me into ena I'll never know it just keeps getting weirder
you know that the cosmic horror of the delighted stars are heading to u when a ENA video shows up
These therapy sessions nowadays are *crazy*
its been 84 years
What the flippidy flop and glob did I just watch?
UUUOOOOOO FUNKY POLYGON LADY IS BACK LETS GOOOOOOOOO
OMG ITS HERE
THIS WAS A 5 COURSE MEAL
babe wake up new ena episode just dropped
hi
he got more patreons than the army got solidiers 💀truly a great..... show? idk what a webcore is
I'm ready for the barbecue.
This came out literally as I'm drawing ENA fanart as someone who never really draws fanart. to say i squeed is an understatement-
"Without your permission, may I check it out?" Omg
YEAHHH
YOOOOOOOOO ENA IS BACK!!! JOYUS DAY
i actually fell out of my seat when i saw this... it's so much- the same as the first ENA episodes! so glad to see this hasn't changed! great job, Joel!
Lets gooo 💪🐔🤘
Oh goodness, the new episode is here, with ENA and Moony officially making their return 😊
hell yeahhh
Omg this is so beautiful ENA VOLTOU🎉🎉🎉🎉
I can say, this episode was quite joyful, wasnt it?
Que epico fue eso
YAAAYYYY ITS FINALLY HEREE
yaaayayayayayayyayayayayyyyayayay ennanaa eyyeyeyayay  ayayyy
WOOOOOOOOOO NEW ENA EP 👹👹👹👹RAHHHHHH
Yeah
HOLY THIS IS SO COOL OMGOMGGOA SODHSHIS
enas back with a fallout 1 look!
WE'RE SO BACK
WAKING UP TO ENA IS A DREAM COME TRUE WAHAHAHAA
був тут при 16 тисячів переглядів 8 тисяч уподобайок (!)
OH MY GOD YES I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
ENA FANS WE WON ITS FINALLY HERE YIPPPIUEEEE
this reminds me of fortnite
I was waiting for this... But it seems I understood even less than before. But I like it. The visuals are still beautiful and even better.
Fun!
WOOOOOOOOO MORE ENA
Ena fans are rising
Aw that was actually so rad, i loved the gmod radoll bit at the end and ring rong run, which has just been adapted into my vocabulary for autistic purposes.
I am very much looking forward to your game to experience the drugtrip it will be.
joel g
КАК Я ХОЧУ В ЭТО ПОИГРАТЬ... ААААААААААА 😭😭😭
MOONY
Finally a new episode! Seriously, I was starting to get worried but I loved Ena's return!❤❤❤❤
I love the connections between the speaking and the backroom music throughout this, the stylistic imagry, overally a fantastic addition to ENA
Man, I sure love masking depression by pretending to have fun.
IT'S ALIVE   RAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This made sense
Did moony just eat a guy
finalmente
NEW EENNAAAAAAA
OH MY GIOD
HELL YEAH
ITS BEEN SO LONG‼️‼️
FINALLY!!!! ENA 😭
WAKE UP JOEL G UPLOADED
Amazing, I will now have several nightmares
The Half Life ragdoll sound effect has been the most surreal thing in an ENA video thus far
Okay Ending got me  But jeez, style just turned out even more impressing that was
ITS BACK OMG
thank you joel, g
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY THIS VIDEO WAS SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOODDDD i love how it's like a video game and it's so dreamy too BRAVVVOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OMG FINALLY! I love ENA so much and I’ve been waiting for this for so long! I love every concept of this! Thank you for brightening my days.
ENA FANS RISE!!!!!!!!!!!!
WAKE UP BABE, NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED
ABSOLUTELY MINDBLOWING
no entedi nada, pero amo su trabajo
NEM FUDENDO
OMG! ENA episode on my birthday!! Thanks Joel!!!
Oh yeah!
THIS WAS A PERFECT BIRTHDAY GIFT
ENA IS BACK
I felt this more metaphoric than the other ones. Like it has more organized ideas but at the same time having even less sense.
this is by far the most acid trippy episode to date!!!
HOLAY MOLAY
LETS GO!!!
its peak
Lol was that Mussolini's face. Yet again an incredible video senor joel.
the best day of the year is when new ENA drops
I ❤ ENA
estoy tan feliz, ena volvió TT
need the deeler
I loved this episode!! It was marvelous!!
I am in absolute love with these, you are one of my biggest inspirations to create, keep up!
i cant believe you guys can make all of this while also making an amazing game i appreciate you all at the ENA team
I didn’t understand anything and I love it
ENA seems a lot more emotive now, and more sure of what she does and does not want. Seeing both sides of her essentially have a conversation (blue mask and yellow side of face) was very interesting. I think ENA is amazing, honestly.
WE EATIN GOOD TONIGHT
Amazing!!!!
As always creepy and delightful, so glad we get another ENA episode!
8:21 perplexed ENA is my favourite ENA
it`s... good. Very good.
So .. fun.. It was so interesting.
I am very confused now. That's how it should be.
MOONY YAAAY
Love it like allways
I will never understand what is happening at any given second in this series and that delights me. I hope it never becomes comprehensible. Keep up the fantastic work and thanks for the food Joel G!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I LOVE THIS?!!!!!
ENAAAAAAAAAA
They're not letting TADC steal their spotlight, nice.
I laughed out loud at the gmod sound effects
YAAAAAAAA NEW ENA ANIMATION BABE WAKE UP
MIAU
Nice episode
I LOVED THIS EVEN IF I DIDNT UNDERSTOOD A BIT!!!<33333
NEW ENA!!!!!! AHHHHSHSHSJ
WOOO ITS ANOTHER EPISODEEEEEE
YIPPEEEEE
THE GMOD SOUND EFFECTS
0mg ENA back
Ok this was the biggest mind attack in the best of ways
TURRON
FIRST
Here before this blows up
AYO?! I DON'T REGRET WAKE UP EARLY IN THE MORNING WHEN I SAW THIS
BABE WAKE UP! NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED!
I LOVE this guy's brain. Give me a sample please
THE SOURCE ENGINE RAGDOLL SOUNDS CAUGHT ME OFF GUARD-
After a long slumber, Ena finally decided to wake up and remove the impurities from our souls, freeing us from evil.
SAY WHAT NOW? A new ena video?!
well that was unexpected
What a joyously, entertaining video  Thank you Joel for your time, and I hope your doing well 😊
its so cool that Luke from Streets 6 is ENA's yellow side voice
СЮДАААААА КАК Я СКУЧАЛА РОДНАЯ МОЯ
Man i'm so happy we got another look at this ENA, it seems she really lost her sad side, but we can't trully lose sadness as it leads to happiness most lf the time, so in a way ENA's sadness found it's way back to her. We find sadness in happiness, and happiness in sadness, we can't eliminate one forever.
ITS BEEN TOO LONG!! ENA FANS ARE RISING!!
YES YES YES ITS TIME ITS TIME
ENA FANS RISE UP
AHHADHJAHDAJS SCREAMING I RISE ONCE MORE
Great day for a Ena vid
i do not know what i just watched. truly the most ENA experience so far, thank you
OMG 😭😭
This video cured my cold
Compared to the other ENA shorts/episodes, this one was much more understandable to me. Or maybe I’m just emo, lol
YYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🥳🥳🥳🥳
yaba daba ena model makes me fall in lavv
AYOOOOO
That was a fun watch
This is the only type of confusion that I enjoy
8:22 🫥
Every time I keep coming back to this, I feel like I’m playing some type of adventure scrolling game made by a few animation lovers.🐱
LESGOOOO
i love the changes in style feels similar to what i imagine dream bbq will be like
A NEW ENA ADVENTURE RANDOMLY??? YESSSSSS
id say "what am i supposed to take from this" but i realize you're supposed to take the whole bag and run
Finally! More of my unstable stalagmite! Good to know ena is the same as always
I like how DEEZ is in the embed link
I love it, this entire thing is great!
ENA FINALLY!!!
This was a fun episode. (No pun intended)
Al fin, un nuevo video de Joel
I've beeen waiting
ENA!!!!!
SERIOUSLY JOEL G, THIS LOOKS AMAZING AND WONDERFUL!!!
RRRRRAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH 💗💗💗
Ah yes, I get none of it
love the vibe of this one
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
I feel like I just got a new brain.
YES
I just love how nonsensical this series is, it's always a visual wonder and really entertaining to watch!
NEW ENA!!!! :-D
Finally this is a new part…
Episódio novo de ENAAAAA (tendi nada)
NEW ENA ON MY BIRTHDAY?! LET'S GOOO!!!!!
MASTERPIECE U NEVER FAIL
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH EARLY
I can’t get over the fact that Moony pronounced ENA as “I-NA” and now I’m contemplating how many times I’ve been saying it wrong 💀
new!
I CAN FINALLY REST
I HAVE NEVER CLICKED ON A NOTIFICATION FASTER ISTG
NEW ENA VIDEO ON MY BIRTHDAY???!!?!?!?!?
I’m confused and hate it. A masterpiece as always, Joel
Very strange and whimsical, as always! Thank you! <3
ITS BEEN SO LONG RISE UP ENA FANS!!
"It's ring rong RUN for a reason, ena!" my favorite line of this episode
The gmod ragdol noise im dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Omg I love this style 😮❤
wowie zowie new ena
Been waiting an eternity. Love the detached blue face idea
the gmod collision sound effects at the end really made me cackle
Finalmente man, dps de tanto tempo 🎉🎉🎉 espero que a comunidade volte denovo :3
I cannot express the utter enjoyment I get from every single little thing in ENA
LETSFUCKINGGOOOOOOOO
Why does this evoke nostalgia?
It’s been so long 😭🙏
Woohoo, this'll be great!
VOLTOU!!!
I'm gonna need a second watch to understand
I am completely confused... I LOVED IT!!!!1!111!1+!11!!!!!1!!11!!!!!!!
The local homeless man's dreams after i gave him datura mixed with Adderall:
YAYAYAYYAYYYY
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ENA
I'm so early it's actually messing with my brain
MOONY IS CONFIRMED KLEPTO
Its been years...  Also I'm guessing they changed ENAs VA
I pretty much want every ENA animation to be a playable game XD
MOONY!!!!!!!!!!
I love you ena
So good
yay!
6:23 pobre ENA :((
Gotta love the consistent weirdness in this series!
YESSSSS FINALLY
I LOVE U JOEL G
ITS HERE ITS HERE ITS FINALLY HERE ‼️‼️‼️🎉🎉🎉
Thanks for been alive, J. And for the magnificent content
ENA ‼️ ENA ‼️ ENA ‼️
Yes, yes, yes! YES!!
DAM THIS GETTTING LIKE 2000 MORE VIEWS EVERY SECOND-
I found my fun!
... what?
this is so cool omfg
THSI WAS SO GOOD I MISSED ENA SO MUCH 😸😸😸
I LOVE ENA BEING SO SILLY I LOVE HER SM❤😭
ITS BEEN SO LONG  I LOVE HER VOICE SM THANK YOU JOELLLLL
Ok, that last scene was the best one. 😂. I love it!
I ALMOST FLIPED WHEN I SAW MOONY HEHEH
her arms waving like noodles when she falls is so cute
That was quite the tasty strain of madness Joel! Thanks!
flip
i loved watching this
ENA MOMENT ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Bro really said 💀
OH MY GOD SO SHE DOES AUTISTICALLY MASK
Is this why the game is taking so long? The fact that you started and finished a new project before completing Dream BBQ really concerns me.
XRYINT SHAKINF THROWING UP
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ENA IS BACK YAAAAY!!
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So weird and beautiful
it seems to me that ENA is going through some sort of journey to become truly happy, what with the mask being happy in place of her sad side and the 5th act being called Therapy
Who summoned me
ohtkfoa,KKoqoaa
PEAK IS HERE
Dope
I love the character design!
OMG, NEW ENA VIDEO
damn. i never understend these videos but they are always peak
Moony's annoyed "Whhaaat" at the end was beautiful
LA MEJOR WEA QUE HE VISTO
WOOOOOOO
Finally, after all these years. You have bestowed us this masterpiece.
SHEESH WHAAAAAAAAAAT
IH MY GOD
Jeepers
Incomprehensible, have a great day.
Joel’s sheer creativity never ceases to amaze me
right when i binged the 3 videos just few days ago and then now a fresh ENA video. masterful timing
this really feels like hylix
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M WATCHING BUT I LOVE IT!1!1!1!1!2!!!1!!1!1
OH MY GOD OUT OF NOWHERE
omggg omgggggggggggg im so happy that u guys re backkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I'm so glad to see ENA is back!
OMG ENA IT’S BEEN A WHILE
LESGOOO
WE RISE FROM THE VOID
yay :D
Why does enas blue mask sound like twilight sparkle
This was an absolute trip to go through dont know i how ended up seeing this but i know what to watch while high
the mask is an interesting add, and ENA still has her full happiness.. but it is lost again.  she is just trying to find fun!
So happy to see Mooney return :D
THROW ME IN THE RIVERRRRR
GREAT DAY MADE EVEN BETTER OMGGGG
AWEBOOOO
Nice
OMGOFKKGKF
EVERYONE STAND UP NEW EPISODE
AHHHHHH HOLA GENTE
After years and years of war, my loved one has finally came back from war…I’m happier than ever…after all those 97 years…
More ena to me,yes
Finalmente <3
*Awesome animation!!!* 💙💛💙💛
1:22 insert context here
omg moony i missed you sm
OMG IT'S BACK IT'S BACK
TIME TO FIXATE FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS
WOOHOO
OMG ITS HAPPENING
I love the music so damn much, it's so funky and makes my brain go✨🎶
ITS BEEN...SO LONG!
LESGOOOOOOOO JXIUEJSKSMZNSNSKSKDMXMX 💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥💥
BRO BRO GUYS WERE BACK!!!
SHE'S BACKK, MY GIRLL!!
MORE ENA LETS GOOOOO
oh hell yeah
Man the characters in ENA are so damn creative I love this
OMG YESS ENAA😍😍😍
this might be the coolest thing
IOOOUGHHHIUOOS YEEEEAAAAAASSSSSAW
AAAA AL FIN
Forever amazing...
Babe wake up new Ena video just dropped🗣🗣🗣
OMG ENA ENA ENA
MOONYS BACK??? OMGG
ENA CONTENT OMG YESS
NEW ENA EPISODE!!-
YES!!!
oh, yeah.
RAGHHHH ENA CONTENT OMGGGG
Yo moony is back let's goooooo
OMG WAHAHEHH💝💝💝ENAAA💧💧
THE 87,782,400 SECOND WAIT IS *OVER* !! FINALLY !!
Very cool!
FINALLY, BABY WAKE UP THERE IS A NEW ENA CHAPTER
OMG ENA FANS- EVERYONE RISE NOW.
Joel G eu estou tão orgulhosa da você, sou muito grata por ter acompanhado seu progresso desde o início, eu literalmente chorei vendo esse vídeo, parabéns!💐
"short video" WHIPS OUT A WHOLE ASS 10 MINUTES OF BLESSINGS
Man, now I get TADC vibes from ENA, thanks a lot SMG4.
I loved wathing this, keep doing ! I love it
Did Ena just go through mitosis?
где игра?
The skull face dude is actually my favorite rn aside fron ena
Wow This is what it is
Most sane ENA episode
YES MORE CLASSIC ENA
Let's fricking go! A new ENA video! Thanks, JoelG!
ENA, YOU LIL D.I.D'd FREAK, IT'S BEEN YEARS.
WAKE UP SAMURAI, NEW ENA VIDEO IS OUT
MEU DEUS ENA VOLTOU AAHHHH!!!! 💥💥
😭🥳😭😭🥳🥳
NEW ENA VIDEO IM GOING TO- *explosion in background*
UMA OBRA DE ARTE
ENA TIME!!!
I love this character, can't wait for the game and I am glad we have another episode before we get it. The psychedelic acid trip that is known as ENA lives on.
WOOO AFTER 2 YEARS
i am constantly in awe of how amazing every aspect of these videos is. the animation and character designs, of course, but also the music and voice acting and composition and sound design and just everything is such a treat. amazing job to everyone involved!
i love it.
Missed ya joel
WE ARE TUNING IN 😛😛
YAAAAAY NEW ENA!!!! WAHOOOO!!!!!
WHY YELLOW ENA ISNT HAPPY CAN SOMEONE EXPLAIIIIIIINNNNN
Without your permission, may I check it out?  A master at speaking
YAHOOOOOOO
OMGGG
ENA!!! YIPPPEEE!!
EPIC!!
Fun
I can't be the only one who saw Seek from doors  at 4:21
This makes no sense, yet makes sense at the same time
I'm finally not late to one of these
OH NO THERAPY!!!!
2:33 me when there are no snickers
the staring in silence scenes in the elevator are so terrifying but i LOVE it
BABE WAKE UP GOEL J JUST POSTED
Ena becoming a floaty chill Gemini somehow doesn't feel out of place Also that elevator image is cool af
THIS IS SO SICK glad to see ena content
A
HELLO ENA FANS!! We're awake and moving!!!
GET UP EVERYONE
YESS ENA IS BACK 🎉🎉🎉 TURRRONNNNNN
I have no idea what's happening...  I love it...
hm
Ena!
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD IM RISEN FROM THE DEAD
THIS CAME OUT ON MY BDAY
Joel please i finally started doing soemthing productive for once not now (/hj) 😭
Ta bien 👍
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
The best animation is backkk!
Coincidentally I drew ENA in class to day   I have the power to control when these animations release
This is litrally amazing!! I cant believe a new ena episode is out. Amazing job!! :DD
EVERYBODY S C R E A M M M
yes.
YAY
WOOOOOOOOO
WHAT IS THIS A NEW ENA AT THIS TIME OF DAY
OMG FINALLY A NEW ENA VID I'M CRYING
first comment lets go
ITS BEEN AGES RISE AND SHINE ENA FANS🦅🦅🦅
amazing character design once again. halfway through and im already in love
🤩🤩🤩
This completely feels like you're in a video game.
Hell yeah. Great to see a new one of these even though you're so busy with the game. I hope thats going well.
HELLO???? OMG
NEW ENA EPISODE!!!!
ENA has been one of my biggest inspirations for my art, i’m so glad to see them back as strange as ever :)
YEAHHHHH
OOHH YEAHH FINALLY ENA!! IM SO HAPPY :D  edit: just watched. now, WTF IS GOING HERE?? I DONT UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!
!
oh cool, new conte- WAIT WHAT? NEW CONTENT?
woooo!
I’m here before this get old
LETS GOOO!!! NEW ENA EPISODE!!!
WHy are all the good people suddenly uploading 😭😭😭
I love this animation! Could someone explain what’s going on though?
Good job im proud of you work
YOOO NEW ENA VIDEO!!
Watching this running on very little amount of sleep these past few days is an absolute trip
i have food once again,,,
need the game to release rn 😋
ENA VOLTOU CARAAAAAAAAAAAAAI
La animación y la música es increíble, todo el equipo hacen un gran trabajo ‼️
OGH MY GODDD WAKE UP ENA IS BACK
my girlfriend has been waiting for this for 3 years
Fun!
I've been waiting for this in Azkaban for 12 years
Ого! Новая серия ИНЫ! Ура!
HELL YEAH!! ENA fans are finally fed once again
IT'S FINALLY HERE, GUYS!
Ayo ENA fans are eating great today!
ENA GANG ASCEND TO GLORY
WE'RE SO BACK
YEEEEEEAH
CANT BELIEVE ENA IS REAL AGAIN
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAH
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
I love these character designs
We making it out of the PH with this one (this made my entire day and week)
1:35 I swear to god if that's a reference-
Hey babe the new ena dropped
AHHHHHHHHH ENA FANS WHERE YOU ATT
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED HELL YEAH
QUE CHUCHAAAAAAAAA
I am here
ENA fans are eating well tonight
My hourglass dog was getting starved with how much time we waited for this
0:55 idk much about this character but she has such a cool design ❤
NO WAY HE JUST RELEASED THIS ON MY BIRTHDAY 😭😭😭💚
NEW ENA EPISODE ???? WHATTTRT
I hope ENA is okay, having a second face hanging off an elongated vein seems painful
WAWAWAWA
WE ARE AWAKE
ENA, MY BELOVED! 😭💛💙💛💙
HYPE! i can't wait to analyze all of this frame by frame and decode what it means for the LORE ENA's blue face being covered by a mask temporarily like that and the theme of therapy is very interesting, i wonder what it symbolizes. . .
ANYONE ELSE'S HEART DROP (IN A GOOD WAY) WHEN THEY GOT THE NOTIFICATION LMAO
I lobe this
Can't believe I'm early to 9 minutes of Ena truly I am blessed today.
GEE WHIZ!! take a look at all this whimsicality!!! im v e r y v e r y v e r y ill at the moment so this is a tREAT FOR MUNCHING 💖💖✨✨✨
amazing!!!
Yay new ena vid
this came WAY SOONER than i thought, hell yeah!!
SWAG
YEAAAAAAA
МАТЬ ВЕРНУЛАЬС
BABE BABE WAKE UP. NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED
Я буду одной из 500 первых хаааа
NEW ENA NEW ENA ‼️‼️
Yooo this trippy
I would pay for a game version of this
the concept of FUN!
i loved it when ena said its ena time and ena'd everywhere
<3
De longe o episódio mais bonito e essa estética de rpg 3d do episódio é bem linda ❤
YES ITS OUT
she back
oh damn a new ena vid? sickkkkk i didnt think id get to see one like the minute it came out i already love it lol
All of us patrons are in the credits yessss 😇9:11 edit: I forgot to say "thank you"
PEAK HAS ARRIVED
YEYYEYSYSYESS
ITS BEEN SO LONGGGG
This really does look like an 90s era game. good work
YAYYYYY!!!
Subió un nuevo video pe causa papa rellena cui
I was about to do my homework but... ENA IS MORE IMPORTANT
YIPPPEEEE
My girl is back.
This better set up dream bbq or ill be mad
NEW ENA EPISODE
IT'S FINALLY HERE!!!!! ❤❤❤🥰🤩😍
No way..
OH MY OH MY! MADE MY DAY CERTANLY!
Cheese and rice🎉🎉🎉
OMG ENAAAAA
Its wary bad if even Ena has questions.
Погодите, это реально?
This is is is funnnnn
Eyyy, finally early to an ENA video.. very excited
I will never get ENAf of this (bad joke)
PEES
I’m not too late am I?
NEW VID, GAMERS
YESSSSSSS
OHMYGAWHHH
Absolutely blows my mind that we got ENA episode 5 before ENA episode 4.  I think it's a really interesting creative choice. It consistently matches up with the disordered and chaotic vide of the series and the META theme in general. Maybe even hints at the difference of how chronology and time work in world. Really fun animation too, Joel G and Co., keep it up!
I love how this series somehow keeps getting weirder- do I have any idea what's going on? No. Is it an absolute delight anyway? Every time. Love your work, man  :)
Ah new ENA video day! These are the utmost grand of days!
Ena 3D Real
ENA EARLYYY
I LOVE YOU ENAAAA!!! 😭💖
NO WAY
"Uploaded 2 minutes ago" 552 Comments Damn
UHHHHHH ANWIEUHFI. AAAAASAAHHHHHHHH
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
NEW ENA PEAK
THIS MADE MY NIGHT!! THANK YOU, JOEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 MORE ORIGINAL ENA CONTENT
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENAXISTENTIAL CRISIS DROPPED
SHE STANDS SO SILLY IN THE ELEVATOR-
Ayo a new ENA vid Dropped?
This is just like Persona 4
OH MY GODDDD
WE'RE SO BACK
ENA FANS RISE!!!
WOAAA
When I saw the notification, I clicked on this as soon as possible. Oh my gosh. After 2 years, the quality has really evolved. Also it feels nice to hear ENA say some new words. This was impressive never the less. Woo. All and all this was fantastic
CHEESE AND RICE CHEESE AND RICE CHEESE AND RICE!!!!
YESSSSSSSSSS
WOOOOO
YO THIS IS SO COOL-
ENA is back ! <3
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA JUST DROPPED 🔥🔥🔥
LETS GOOO
NEW VIDEO YOOO
Finally 😍
NEW SHORT FILM OF ENA YAYYYYY ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Babe wake up new ENA video just dropped
*BABE WAKE UP JOEL G DROPPED A NEW ENA ANIMATION*   also SUPER excited for Dream BBQ when it releases, i look forward to it B)
New ENA!! Yes!
Que proooooo nuevo video de ENA para calmar las aguas jajaj sigue asi Joel tu puedes
JOEL G  te quieroooo i love youuuu give me a heart please❣️
GET HOME ENA DROPS <excitement overflow error> i am explode
WE BACK IN IT!!!
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON
ENA IS BACK‼ 😺
Love this wacky masterpiece ugh the art style 🤩
Woooo ENA ILOVEYOU THANKS JOEL G
u know its boutta get  betteer when the new ena episode drops
wait was that an homage to rabbits reference
Holy crap, I can’t believe I arrived early to the latest ENA episode I am so happy!
YES YES YES!!!
Waos
ITS HEREEEE!!!
I’m loving the aesthetics and unique animation this one has from the rest!
LESSS GOOOOOOOOOO
lets goooooooooooo
ITS TIME TO REVIVE BOIS, ENA IS FN BACK BABYYYYY
YEA ENAAAA IS BACK
69
I've been having a real awful week so a new ENA dropping now is fantastic.
YIPPEEEEEE
YAYYYYYY OWO!!!!
THE LAST RIME I SAW ENA WAS BACK IN COVID
ENA MY BELOVED YOUVE RETURNED
OMG NEW ENA EP AHHH
YOOOOO THIS IS AMAZING
The.. king? Queen? Ruler? Whatever Ena is, has returned!
I love how this is like an actual game
JOEL YOUR MY HERO!
WOE ENA BE UPON YE
AAAAAAHHHHHH
ENAA
🎉OH MY GOD YESSS
Joel G: this episode is going to be a short one  *Make it the second longest ena episode so far*  I'm guessing the development of dream BBQ has made the animation better at animating this series and/or it short compared to dream BBQ
LALALALAL LALALALALALALALLA LALALALALALA!! OMG!!! hey guys it’s me tsi
I RISE FROM MY SLUMBER READY TO ABSORB THIS NEW ENA CONTENT
Ура Ена вернулась это круто. Спасибо автор ❤❤❤ Жду рус субтитры, чтобы понять этот ✨ШЕДЕВР✨.
YEEES, NEW EPISODE
"i cant sleep" and joel g upload in the same 24 hour period? rare and unusual, but awesome.
JOEL COOKED AND GAVE US TOO MUCH FUN!
Mds recebi a notificação e cliquei tão rápido na velocidade da luz
first
OMGGGG ITS ENA!
I’m sorry son new ENA just dropped. I’m going to get milk
this makes me think of zelda spirit tracks very cool
IM SO EARLY!
I’ve never clicked a notification so fast oh my god
ENAA
OH MY GOD LETS GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!! ENA MY BELOVED!!!!!!!
Sir, your work ethic is incredible. To be working intently on what looks to be an insanely unique game AND cranking out another wonderful lucid dream video is admirable. Hope you and your whole team is doing well all things considered.
YALL WAMW UP JEOLG POSTED ENA STUFF
I have waited. For years.
ENA is so hot it’s unreal.
YAHOOO9
MY FAVORITE PART WAS WHEN SHE SAID SHE WAS ENA THEN SHE ENA'D ALL OVER THAT GUY
Can I just say, from someone who adores art history, I just love all the character designs with inspirations from cultures around the world.
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE JUST DROPPED
Nice new style
ITS FROM THE GAME???
LETS GOOOO🎉🎉
i am being so normal (i am about to explode from excitement)
Early AF
NO WAY IM EARLY
IH MY GOLLY
AINT NO WAY ITS ENA AGAIN
"I'm unsure how much truth this has?" OMG
Nunca entendí la vaina. Igualmente gran trabajo, Joel, es un gusto que estés poniendo cara por nuestro país :D
ENAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAA
Wake up new ENA video dropped
OMGGGGGGGGGG
SHES BACK
you dont have to be a parent to understand the horror of walking into a room to discover that the baby crawled out of his crib and onto that pottery wheel you forgot to turn off, and while the baby is spinning around and around, the dog is sitting there all calm, like a person, gently using his paws to fashion the babys soft cartilage head into something a little more modern.  it might be the classic tale of bad parenting, but lets see where the dog is going with this
life is now worth living :)
WAKE UP PEOPLE!…Ena is back
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD OMG- 🫶🏽🫶🏽🫶🏽
YEAHH ENA ENA ENA ENA
YYYYYYYEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
incredidable power
ENA, Time wIthout Seeing You 😮
YEEAAHH
ENAAAAA
Always a great year when ENA blesses you yet again
Omfg new ENA
Joel’s stuff always makes me feel like I’m on something
lets appreciate all the hard work put into this masterpiece
this video being posted 58 seconds ago, having 18 views but 1,6k likes is the power of potluck
MY GIRL IS BACK!!!!
ITS ENA ADENTURES 100 YEARS ENA WOOOOOOOOOO
MANO
Wow this looks really good! Amazing job Joel!
🎉🎉
YEEEESSS!!
YIPPEEEEEE
WOAH YOU POSTED HELLO
my balls itchy rn
Holy moly
AAHHHHHHH
The perfect end to a day.
o geee wiz cant wait to watch this
ENAAAAAA
IRS BEEN 594993 YEARS LETS GO
NO WAY!!! YES!!! WELCOME BACK!!! I CANNOT WAIT TO WATCH THIS!!!
LETSGOOOOOOOOOO
I GASPED SO HARD WHEN I SAW THIS BOTIFIPN OMG
I'm throwing up
OMGOMGOMG
I LOVE ENA! You know it'll be good when you see joel g post  I can't wait to watch this and see the og ena :D I'm excited to see the music graham kartna has conjured 👀
💙💛💙💛💙💛
RED ALERT RED ALERT  NEW ENA VIDEO 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
SWAZZ
IM EAAARLY
YAYYYYYY
Babe wake up a new ENA vid just dropped
YIPPEE new ENA!!!!
EMAH YAHOO
HE HAS [[returned]]
everyone clicked so fast lmao
AAAAA I MISS HER VOICES!!!!! ITS STILL SO ICONIC
WTH
Trippy and aesthetic just how I like it.
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA VID DROPPED
Wake up babe, new ENA is here
Oh shitc another banger!
ENA POST 🗣️🗣️🗣️
NO WAY
Joel, idk if you'll ever see this but if you do, I just wanna say you are an inspiration to me, inspiring me to make my own interpritations of art as you have done here.
So
It's been 2 years! :>
I sure do love watching two unskippable 1 minute ads
finally, more of our beloved peruvian waifu
oh it really was closer than i imagined... how funny!
AHHH NO WAY
I'M EARLY 💪💪
HELLO
New ENA video is here! 🎉💚
NEW ENA :D
OMGGG LETS GO AAAA
I🎉 WAKE😮 UP😊 IN❤ A🤩 NEW😜 BUGGATEAH😍
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE
YEAH!!!
“Wake up Babe new ENA just dropped”
WAKE UP‼️ NEW ENA VIDEO HAS DROPPED❗️❗️❗️
WOOOO
NEW JOEL G POST
babe, wake up, new ena just dropped
Wowowoww
Lovely to see her back up for another moment in the spotlight. Kudos to you all.
OH MY GOD
HE HATH RETURN
I liked it when ENA did that thing
hi
I HAVE NEVER CLICKED A NOTIFICATION SO FAST
Yayy!!
ENAENA‼️
NEW ENA
GENTE GENTE GENTE !!!! ALGUEM POR FAVOR ME FALA SE EU TO SONHANDO ??? ENA VOLTOU !!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Babe wake up, new ENA video dropped
NEW ENA VIDEO
YES I LOVE ENA SO MUCH IM SO GLAD
En un momento triste de mi vida por lo menos mejora un poco con este video, Gracias Joeeeel
EARLY!!!
NEW ENA VIDEO LET'S GOOOO!
LETS GOOOOOO
Literally had a dream about getting a new ENA video last night, huh.
Oh em gee
Another one for ena, the queen of weirdcore
NO WAY A NEW ENA VIDEO
ЩО БЛЯИЬ. ЦЕ НОВА СЕРІЯ. МАМА ДЕ Я. Я В РАЮ????
PIPIPIPIPI JOEL NOTIFICATION?
bungus bingus
did you know i can grab a flamingo and smash it against a pillar beam
AFTER 10,000 YEARS SHE’S BACK
LETS GOOOO THE 3D MODELS LOOK SO NEAT
HELLO????
ayooo
ENA fans eating GOOD tonight 🔥
WE ARE SO BACK
omg another ena yaa
AWWW YEEEAHHH!!!!
YAAAAAO
babe wake up new joel g video
ENA :D
The moment we've all been waiting for, a good video everyone!
Whaaa? More ena lore?!?
WOOO
ALL HANDS ON DECK! NEW ENA JUST DROPPED! GRAB YOUR TURRON AND GET HERE NOW!
YIPEEEE new ena video
YASS NEW ENA
WAKE UP NEW ENA ANIMATION OUT
Yoooo more Ena? Less  goooo.
NO WAY YOU'RE GIVING ME 9 MINUTES OF ENA
OMG
No way😮
WOOOO
124 commentw in 1 minute is insane
Everyones favourite acid trip
HERE EARLY!! THE VIDEO IS A MINUTE OLD OMGGG
HELL YEAH
LETS GOOOOO NEW EP
NEW ENA CONTENT LETS GO!!?!?!?!?!!!!
Yipppee can’t wait to watch this
I'm happy we're having ENA back on screen!
QUE LOCOOOOO
Yay
YESSSSS A NEW ONEEEE
New ENA no way
Chat is this real
The people who are here first are definitely from the discord server
OMG GRACIAS POR ÉSTA MARAVILLA JOEL, TU TRABAJO ES LO MÁXIMO ♡
NEW ENA VIDEO JUST DROPPED
Finally!!!
IT´S TIME FOR ENAAAAA!!!!
ENA!!!! OMGMGOGMGOMGOMGOMF
NEW VID YEAH!
You know it is such a good day when another episode of ENA is released. 🤩
YES POWER OF POTLUCK
I JUST GOT OUT OF SCHOOL OMG  THIS IS THE BEST THIJG EVER TOBSEE 😭😭😭
Joel please I’m in class I can’t watch this right now!! I know it’s gonna be amazing though
Dude (⁠｡⁠•̀⁠ᴗ⁠-⁠)⁠✧
After all this time, a new ENA episode. And it looks like it was worth the wait! Awesome work!
live laugh ena i love ena and this
EVERYONE SHUT UP, NEW JOEL G UPLOAD
ENA IS HERE ON THIS GLORIOUS DAY
YAYAYAYAYAY
Finalmente um treiler de ena
First
I love her ❤❤❤(⁠≧⁠▽⁠≦⁠)
Love it❤
Therapy is probably one of the most normal things i see here
Love from a Vaush and SrPelo fan!
LETS GOOOO
NEW ENA VIDEOOOO
THE KING HAS RETURNED EVERYONE
Today is a good day
OH MY LORD, LETS FREAKING GOOOOOO
ENA OMG
Saw Ena and clicked immediately
NEW ENA VID
I’M HERE WHAT’S GOING ON
YAYYY MORE ENA
YES ENA YAYYYYY
OMFGGGG ENAAA HELL9OOOOO???
i've spent so much money on every ena plushie so far please joel g no more
ENA IS BACK????
Yey
YEEWESSS ENAAA IT'S BACK
I'm already here
Vamos nojoda
The prophecy is true and the blueberry approves
AAAAAA ENA IS BACK
Yay :D
2 DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY TOO WOOOOOO
YIPPEEEEE
ENA IS BACK
OMG
Coolio
HORRAY ENA CONTENT 😁😁
I LOVE IT😧😧
Oh my GOD ENA VIDEO
Wow
Finally the funny schizophrenia cartoon is here!
ENA IS FINALLY HERE ITS HERE
YEEEEEEAAAAAAH
O M G
HYPE
ENA?!?
ENAAAAA I MISSED U
YAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYYAYAUA
ENNNAAAAAAA
LETS GOOOOOO
ITS OUT ITS OUT ITS OUT
NEW ENA VIDEO
We’re back with ena’s wacky adventures again!!!
OMG YESSSS THE QUEEN IS BACKK❤❤❤❤❤
AHHHHHHHH
YOOOOOO NEW ENA EPISODE LETS GOOOO
finallyly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YAY!!!! ENA!!!!
yay
WOOOOO ENA
OMG IDK WHATS THIS,BUT I LOOOOVE IT!! I ALSO LOVE YOU JOEL,YOURE VERY CREATIVE💗
YESSSSSSSS
Hell yes new Ena
THIS IS REALITY
Hell yeah
YAAAAÀYYY
WE MAKING IT OUT OF THE EXTINCTION PARTY WITH THIS ONE 🔥‼️‼️
WOOOAAAHH THIS IS SICK! Love the videos JoelG! Keep them up!
oooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh maaaaaaaaahhhh goooooooooooddddd
OMGGGGGGGG🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
That was the most INSANE click I've ever did, that notification didn't even last a milisecond
Yay new ena episode
ENA !!!!
Al fin ya paso una decada y todo
OMGGGG YO
YESYYEEYSSSAAAAAA
WHAT
:D
YES NEW ENA EPISODE IS OUT BABEEEEE
YOOO NEW VID NEW VID
❤
Well well well
New ENA content? Day instantly made better!
Yay ENA video
YAYAYAYAYAY
OMG WHAT?! This is so soon! 😂 Imma love this and I havent even watched it yet
What a pleasant suprise!
I LOVE ENA
DUDE IT RELEASED!!!!!
🤯 we are so back
Finalmente
No way
YEES 🗣️🗣️🔥‼️
YES NEW ENA VID
I can fix her
ENA???? SHES HERE SHES ALIVE AAAHJ OG MY GOD
WOOOOO ENAAAA
Silly
ITS HEREE
YEAHHH
Yoo
HELLL YEAAAAHHH!!!!
YES
OMG😝😝😝😝😝😝
WE ARE SO BACK
ITS HEREEE AAAH
O MY GOOOODDD
Ena
Yesssssssss
OH MY GOD
Hi
Lets go!!!!!
OH MY GOD, THE SERIES ISN'T DEAD!
ENNNAAAAAAA
Finally, at long last, a new Ena video!
LETS GOOO
IT'S HERE!!!!!!?
No way its already here, im amazed
ENA HELL YEAHH
EARLY
ЧЕРТ, ЭТО ИСТОРИЯ!
WHAT
OMG ITS HERE
I did NOT see that coming.
AAAAAAAAAA
BABE WAKE UP POWER OF POTLUCK GOT RELEASED
LET'S GOOO NEW ENA DROPPED
Yay ENA!!!
OMG
WAKE UP, HONEY. JOEL JUST DROPPED!!!!!! >:D
I LOVE U JOEL
Woah
YEAAAAAAH
YIPPE
The king returns
qieeee
CANT WAIT FOR DREAM BBQ
What a glorious day!
YEOOOOOOO
WOOOO
NEW ENA WHO CHEERED
the speed at which i clicked this notification...
OMG GOD FUST WIRJQKJD WHATTT
Waiting was So Worth it.
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
ENA!!!!!!!
Я то думал уже всё
NEW ENA WOOOO
OMG
EARLY COMMENT????? NO WAYY
You cannot believe how estatic I am
YASSSS
Жесть
I love ena ❤❤❤
MY WIFE
Yey, new video🎉
I LOVE THE  NEW MERC SM
YOOOO THIS IS AWESOME IM SO EXCITED ENA IS BACKK!!!
ALREADY???? THE ENA TEAM IS SO TALENTED OMGGG
omg
HOLY SHIY??
HAHAHA YESSS
EHEGEHEGE
NO WAY WHAT
YESSIRRRR
NEW ENA EPISODE LET'S GOOOO :D
I LOVE ENA
It's Out!
OOOHHH OH OH OH
Amazing
WE'RE BACK
Wow, wasn't expecting a ENA video today, but it's welcome.
BRO WHATTT NOW??.
Yeyeyeyey
When i tell you i SCREAMED
Yahoo!
THIS IS AWESOME !!!
Wowie🫢💃🕺💃✨
Nani
YES!
IM SO EXCITED
FINALLYY
AHHH I LOVE UR VIDS
Yippie
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NEW ENA STUFF
OH MY GOD well i guess i can take a break from my work  edit: that sure was a lot of fun! back to work work work
LETS GOOOOOO
Hola
Lets go haha
unexpected
YESSS
RAHH
ALREADY?!?!?!?!?!
NO WAY
Omg
Lucky lucky
OMH
HELLOOO
wake up babe new upload
DAMCES EXCITEDLY
YIPPEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i clicked so fast
37 goddamn seconds.
YESSS ƏNA
woah
YOEOEOJSVD
OMGGG
YES
YOOO
sweet
I don’t know what to comment
YAY NEW ENA
This one has lore!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
BABE WAKE UP JOEL G POSTED
mitada
ENAAA 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Wooow
GROAHAHAHAHHA
ITS BEEN 96 YEARS ENA FANS RISE UP
ENA❤
Heck yeah! New Ena video!
HOLYYY MOLY
AHH
OMG
LETS GO
OH MY GOD
ITS TIIMMEEE
Si señor epic
OMGOMGOMG
Wow unexpected!
omg new ena°°°°
Yay
It’s ena-ing time
Aint no way
Omg 😭😭💜
woah real
🤯🤯🤯🤯
OMGGG!1!1!1 IM LEVITATINT
Nice!
ENAA
EHEHE
BABE WAKE UP NEW ENA EPISODE
second
A visit to an old friend!
OH MY GOD!!!!
I’m so hungry
Huh
RAAGAAGAHAHHA NEW ENA SHORT
ENA IS BACK ‼️‼️‼️
DAMN SON IM EARLY
AAAAAA
WA
Honey wake up, new ENA episode just dropped
New episode!!!!!
Ena wooooooooo
First?
NEW ENA! LET'S GOOOOOO!
OMG hellooo
cool
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
FIRST?!
Nice
Ay nuh
PREPARE THE POPCORN, IT HAS ARRIVED!
real?
Ayyyyy
AAAAA
YIPEE
Yooooooo!
A WHA-
ANOTHER BANGER (i haven't watched it yet)
Lets go!!!
I hate but love how i relate so much to ena
Holyyy
Yoo
Z
finally peak has been released.
Hooray! new ENA video
YESSS ENA IS BACK!
wooow new post rahhh
Te adoro ena❤
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!?
ENA ENA ENA
Yay
WHAT
FIRST COMMENR HELLO I LOVE YOU JOEL G I LOBE YOU ENA
Babe wake up new ena just dropped.
NEW ENA JUST DROPPED
Babe wake up, new ENA dropped
Wooo
ENANANN
ITS OUT YES
YAYYYY🎉🎉🎉
Woah
WOAH
WOOOOO-
YES
ENA
second!
I love ena ❤
yo no wayy
HOLY MOLY!!! 🎉
oh my god it's here
Woooo!!!!!
OMG
Clicked as soon as i got the notification
vaya
YEA
WOWWOWO
YOOOOOO
1#
Whoagag
YEAH!!!!!
YAYAYYAA
first
Yo
Nice
YES.
Let’s goooo
wake up ena fans power of potluck dropped
I love her
A
New ENA Plushies right here!! https://fanga.me/r/ena Hello everyone, this video should have been 40 seconds long, but everything went out of control amidst the process as everyone's already noticed. Enjoy!
