its deadline  today we are short of wingers today with lingard going out on loan  daniel james  is good player  but longterm not at this  level  juan mata  is a great player  my second  favourite  player but he is not quick  enough  rashford  is  an out and out striker  and should  not be  used out wide we should  go for dembele  or perisic  on loan  they would  be great  addition  we could win the premier  league with one of them
Jesse lingard one of our own all the best king ❤️❤️
What more can we expect from the owner who doesn't know the ManUnited DNA? It's nothing more than just outright business investment. Aim for the top 4 for the  CL qualification. It's really frustrating when comes to transfer windows.
Pogba isn't playing fantastically well. If this was the Pogba at Juventus we wouldn't have signed him at all
Lingard isn't Manchester United level, how about Dan James? He need to leave as well
Well sang.
If kouly balli comes in united is with a title this year
Look, the treble-winning side lost to Sheffield Wednesday back in '99.  Wednesday's derby rivals nowadays are no better than they were back then.  We can still win the title, mate.  Freaky things happen.
GOOD FUCKING RIDDANCE
I agree this is why Rashford annoys me. To talent definitely but he holds himself back still tryna find his style but needs to keep it simple. Mix it up times when he should be direct he isn’t and time he should put his head up find a pass quick and moved he doesn’t 🤦🏾‍♂️. Looking forward to his development tho ✨
Pogba - Varsne swap deal with Real would be brilliant
MUFC will never win anything so long as OLE is manager. Anyone who thinks he is a long term manager is delusional, 10 years a season ticket holder and I have been consistent in saying OLE OUT. If MU had waited until the end of the season when he was interim he would have been sacked, end of!
Lingard wasn't under pressure at United .He was too comfortable which explains how bad he was .He will be more under pressure at West Ham.
Glazers out
MU approached Sheffield Utd  as though game already won ! That was a great wake up call and could prove be a positive for the rest of the season. My worry is that the incentive to go top didn't counter our over-confidence.
Even if Lingard tears it up at west ham, by no means should he ever be coming back to united in ANY capacity except maybe to run the social media accounts 🤣  Sorry Mark, but ‘a couple brilliant months’ or whatever you described his incredibly tiny spell of form as does not warrant any playing time ever again for him. If we think martial and rashford are inconsistent, then those standards would make Lingard incompetent... Good luck and good riddance.
Doesn’t someone in the background say “piss” in the 1st 30 seconds ?
Those abusing the players and calling Ole out, Bruno Out etc aren't even our fans. I've seen their comments on their club's posts. They're just creating disharmony and dividing our fans, diving our players from fans and mentally disturbing our players to ruin their form and concentration
good luck to jessie was a good hand at man u pity they sidelined him
Well, the people in charge of recruitment need to think about Pogba leaving, or be behind the ball regarding transfers once again, when he leaves, which he surely will?
If Lindelof plays, Arsenal will beat us.  We need to be better tactically and we need more guile in our play. We aren't going to win the league, but we should qualify for the CL. Tired of Pogba updates.  In Summer we need that final clearout, including ridding ourselves of Pogba.
Need some good coaches to organise the back .  Other teams have better organised defenders who on paper are not as good
Will west ham finish above united.moyes working wonders.cmon Jesse's
first step in clearin the deck of dead wood.  many more to come, hopefully the logjam is now broken...
Most Racism in the UK is from the Left against White Males ..speak out Kick Politics OUT of Football ..KICK IT OUT  !  !   !
Martial need to go on loan also
People blaming ole for sheffield united are fools. That result is on the players 100%.  Martial needs to be dropped to clear his head for awhile, he needs a fire lit under his ass.  id play greenwood. Rashford and cavani up front for the foreseeable future....
It's martial who should be going to loan to westham and lingard to stay
All the best lingard the most promising player that got wasted through the van gaal/mourinho era
Great stand against online bullying Mark
Lingard will be a big loss. Look how United struggled against the blades when he wasn't playing.
Need to drop Martial for the arsemal game... rash, cav, mason
Good luck luck Jesse
Arteta  going to crap his pants.!
Watch lingardihno win the prem with west ham lol
The Fact is half this team are useless and the main players are lazy FACTS!
So who is in?
He will sit on the bench at west ham and it will be a waste of time
They know who is using their platforms. They delete the account and mins later they make a new one. They have to ban their IP address and device. This can be done so easily. By not doing this it makes these social media services apart of the problem. To not be doings means they stand by racsim and abuse
Koulibaly linked with United...is it 2018 again⁉️
Damn Mark only hoping Lingard does well so United can recoup some $ LOL
Arsenal will kick our arse tomorrow
Could west ham agree to us topping up on Lingard for Rice i wonder
Ole should try to be consistent with him team selection.
Could Dortmund agree to a Tuanzebe and Dalot plus top up for sancho
We need a quality CDM to replace Matic, And McFred
Po
TWANZEBE needs to be given more  time   as he was very rusty.
Go for aliba
Ole in forever
People bullying on  social  media  need to be  Charged for bullying  and Harassment.
Also the UK Government  needs to arrest these people and charge them.
Very happy to see Jesse go ,he as never in a million years consistently good enough for MUFC . Too much paper talk bad publicity and bling, Facebook,Twitter, and the rest all the kind of behaviours that Sir Alex hated and no good for our great club. No hard feelings and good luck to 2here you end up but please do not come back
These people need to be stopped  from using social media  to bully individuals.
Hope he plays against Liverpool in the next game and does a "Messi Lingard"
I’m glad lingard has left, hopefully he’s gone for good. BEANS, BEANS, BEANS
Jessy , go tear it up and see you back at United.
Jesse has   been a good servant at United.
Let pogba go
Thank god lingard is gone. No where near good enough for the pl. deadwood. No chance that he impresses at West Ham he’s just not good enough for a top tier league...
Varane is no good on his own.. Without Ramos at his side, he is at best avg.. Put him next to what we have atm, it would be disaster
Kolibaly is slow
Jesse Lingard is a good player, so much better than Maguire.
Ole will set up the team like Cardiff City.. making Man Utd like inferior mid table team.. Arsenal will win, I’m afraid. If this is Arsenal vs Man City, PEP will set up the team to beat the hell out of Arsenal.. Arsenal will Pee in the pant... we have a wrong coach... a coach that no championship club will even shortlist as candidate for manager
you know what, Ricky, you are a total disgrace! Whithought Bruno, where would ManUtd be know, you STUPID??? GUYS, just get him off the chanel!!!!!!!
Gud luck jesse n thanks for everything 🙏
Lets hope ole does not mess about at the back it’s got to be Harry and Eric and up front Cavani .martial is a winger not a  centre forward.
Good luck Jesse, you’ve been a good and loyal player for Man U !!!
I want Pogba to leave United fans hate him and Martial to.
Former manu coaching legend signs living manu legend young talent lingardinho
Come back to Juve Pogba pls.
it was a matter of time hope they can pik themselves up n do the gooners
I think ole didn't want players mark because look at all the signings mangers got before and went bad and they got sacked and that's y ole don't want them or not putting pressure to the board mark
Bad team selection against Sheffield Utd,  they had momentum but Ollie benched in form players and changed the balance and dynamic within the team. You can’t get complacent when you’re top of the league you have to be ruthless, especially when it’s so tight at the top.
He should  have play amad diallo instead of greenwood
Just hope someone stops man city
Fair play to Jesse, just shows that players like Mata are only around for a pay check
Someone call musk
Koulibali every transfer window
Lool Mark you keep saying Sarri didn’t win any titles at Chelsea. He won the Europa League.
Ma-tic. Ma-ta. Ma-rtial.  All must leave. We will not win any title with the trio. Bring Ricky with them. 🥴😡
Rashford out!!!!!!!!!!
Good voice goldbridge u prat!! 🤣🤣🤣👌
Jesse at west ham and we play them in the FA cup... just imagine Jesse lingard wins the cup and come 5/6th in the league
I hope Martial can leave too!
Ole needs to game up his tactics and substitutions tbh, he's a good man manager but he needs to develop himself tactically, take a risk and play Bailly,Cavani  and Donny over Lindelof, Martial and Scott, it's  riskier but it's more progressive and creative.
please dont ever sing LOL
I really do think we aground always be playing Rushford on left cavani middle greenwood right. Then use martial to swap with cavani and swap greenwood with diallo
Pogba need to go. He's holding MU on ransom. We've enough mid field support. We should focus on defence. Martial fail to mature after many years. VDB, Facundo and Amad should be played more often.
Whos the one in
Imagine if Ole and the coaching sent Lingard to West Ham to become mates with Declan Rice then Rice signs for Utd in the summer 😂😂
Good luck Jesse. Would love to see Williams n James too could leave on loan.
I think Koulibaly is a good player but imo he took too long to move out of Napoli. He might still get a big final move but I don't want him at United now.
We will win Arsenal 3:1 because Arsenal will come at we and will make den come and it dem and the break mark
Ligardinho play well with the hammers
‘It’s basically a United stand app that aftv also use’
Lingaard is a god... You lot are gonna regret this😔
Tuanzebe is not ready
We do not want Declan Rice
Could we sell Lingard please. Get him out
You need to take a look at your picks game. If you choose to say that United will not score you can't submit the picks because one of the questions is what minute will United score in..... schoolboy error!
I really hope City drop points and we go on another winning run
Agent lingard to score past liverpool,City and Leicester
Pogba has been good lately but he can’t be trusted as a CDM & he’s no Bruno to play as a CAM. he gets shoehorned in on the left or right so it’s probably better he goes then bring in Grealish.
Hope Bailly doesn’t drive like he tackles, must have been a bad crash if he does!!!
We will finish 4rd if we're lucky ole can't bite when it comes to crunch
Rashford out Grealish in
Good luck for Lingard
Wishing Lindardinio all the best , he was a good player for united but didn't reach the heights expected of him as fergie predicted.  Hope he slots one away against the scousers .
Unfortunately we should play 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 the rest of the season. There is no energy and legs in the midfield when we play with the three we played against Sheffield. Matic, Bruno and Pogba all really slow.  4 - 3 - 3 without a right winger and  Mo Farah as a right back leaves our right side dead offensively.  And please, no Varane ; If you watched some Real Madrid games this year you will see he`s over the top.
I think this will lead to a SWAP DEAL.. Lingard for DECLAN RICE..
I agree ole should of play the inform players from Liverpool game then when your wining comfortably then make changes that's what needs to happen from now on that game was crap it didn't look like a top team performance when was the last time this team won comfortably leeds who played on to our hands ole needs to sort that out look at city how they win games ole needs to do better
We missed Fred against Sheff he loves to tackle and he would've stopped that player taking a touch in our box or at least tracked his movement
Ole needs to try and pick his strongest team every game - here's my fantasy selection/ strongest team - Any thoughts?                                                      De Gea                                  Bailly                          Maguire                             AWB                                                                                            Shaw                                  Van De Beek                                                                          Fred                 Mata/Diallo                                                    Rashford                                           Bruno Fernandes                                                       Cavani
If lingard preforms at loan to West Ham, do you think a swap deal + cash for Declan rice in the summer?
I hope United can get Soucek. If we ever need a good CDM..he fits the bill
I don’t think Martial puts in enough effort for the team and it frustrates me every time he plays because of his below average performances. He needs to dramatically improve his performances or else he needs to leave. He’s a striker who just can’t score
This Arsenal game will truly test the mentality of our team. Just watch City spank Sheffield United 5 or 6 nil and that's the difference.
If we don't win a trophy Pogba should leave and I'd give him my blessings
It's crazy to me that Mark grew up in the 80's and 90's and he's soft as anything. Sticks and stones Mark, should be teaching the next generation to be tough. Not some softies that cry and break down if people say mean words to them.  Setting up the next generation to fail big time Mark. Please bare in mind since the 90's when we have gone down this route that everybody's little feelings need looking after, it's increased depression and suicide rates.  If you don't teach kids to be mentally strong they are going to break down as soon as they enter the real world.
Bruno tracks back more than any other United player!
These people that racially abuse players need to be named and shamed. The ruin for the rest of the fanbase.
Best of luck to him but if were honest hes a bit above average english footballer who came through our academy. If we want to be winning league titles he shouldnt be making our bench. If he wasnt from the academy he would have been moved on years ago.
Good luck to him. He’s struggled badly the past couple of years, hopefully he finds form at west ham. Good club. Good move.
Varane is rubbish
What do you think will happen if Ole chooses not to sign for Man Utd?
No Place for Racism, Mpappé to M United 😻 🙏
You don't have to use ur details for police to catch u lol, they will find ur IP address and track u down obvio, social media companies shd start handing these cases to police
Social media should censor more restrictions on vile words and abuses
Now I have a reason to watch west ham. Excited for jesse
Betraying your master, I see.
I like Lingard. I wish him all the best unless he's playing against us.
"Hello everyone, You are welcome to the United Stand" It always sounds the same
Swap pogba for Rodrigo Bentancur and a good youth player from their academy.
Lingard's embarrassing dancing and West Ham's bubbles are a perfect match
I'm happy hes gone to west ham and not west brom or sheffield united he is a top 10 player not a relegation team player
I'm glad lingard is joining west ham on loan as he needs to revitalise his career.. More and probably the deal will be made permanent come the summer if he does well..
@The United Stand thank you so much for reading my suggestions!!!!
I just want to see us play with normal wingers
It's a fantastic move for Jesse...In words of TY it's a Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat move for Jesse 😁
I don't even feel like watching the Arsenal game,again we will play Fred and mct and ultra defensive, possibly draw it or lose. Don't see how we can beat any top 6 this yr the way we r playing 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Arsenal the perfect game to see where we are as a club. Coyr. In shaa allah we win
Get Rice but no curry.
Good luck to jesse
am actually happy Lingard is joining West Ham a team that’s doing well and you know what I hope he smash’s it
I want fellaini back
Lingard should leave united
Whole this situation at the club is just sad. We should not expect anything good soon.
As Bruno lifted man United the same Tomáš Souček lifted West Ham. He came in January and made everybody better like Bruno did. I'm not saying Rice isn't class but I belive Souček is the focal point of West Ham's good form. I would personally go for him insteadof Rice as he is the top goalscorer for West Ham from CDM position. Young, strong, leader, tenacious, great heading ability, great passing range and gives everything for the team. He is PL proven and would cost less than Rice.
