Thanks for watching 🙏 Click the link in description to learn more and pre-order NHL 24! Stay tuned for more trailers coming soon 👀
PC when ?
Worst nhl game
hy nice game
This didn't age well...
We want full L2 back and power forwards!!!!
Wow guys NHL 25 looks great
It's been the exact same repackaged game for a decade now. It's not even a fun game because of how dumb the poke check and other functions are. The puck can be directly infront of the player and you hit poke check and the players stick goes out of the way to trip the computer player. What's the point in even having a poke check if all it does is cause penalties? The mechanics are so bad that the player is better off playing the games from the 90s
Worst nhl ever. Your game is bad and you should feel bad.
please do roller hockey
Waste of money
what the hell are those goofy goalie moves
In NHL 25 can you have the CPU handle all trades for the user team….
Only diference from NHL 20 is roster and seatle kracken.
We want to play on PC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What the hell EA?  3 weeks you have bern ignoring the NHL playoff teams with TOTW...Who runs the content team down there because 3 weeks during the most important stretch of the NHL and hardly any update cards for NHL playoff players? Fire the content team because this is now beyond rediculous and not at all acceptable. Do you guys at EA even watch the NHL? Clearly not if this is how you treat your content releases.
Been playing since nhl93.. please bring back a faceoff press a or x button to win faceoffs. It's too complicated. A great option for those that want that. I don't though. It's a videogame, doesn't have to be complicated
Do you wake up every morning and say , how can we disappoint our customers today this year?
we need beapro MM or olympic teams
for disability this games they meke avery years worst 👎👎👎
can we get at least last years nhl on pc please?
Ребята. Почему в nhl24 нет русского языка? Объявляю бойкот.
I see there are still no net mechanics.  How do you have a net that doesn't move!?  Figure it out.
You need nhl 25 on switch
NHL 24 PC version please!!
Protect your kids from EA sports games this scam company learn your kids for casino slot gambling ! In game shop is casino packs, !!! The gameplay is scam too, all from this EA programators is lies !!!
This looks like a great game. I would love to buy it, but its not on PC. I'm not holding my breath sense there has been no NHL game for the PC sense 2009 even though the market has been begging for it to come. Maybe one day when someone in charge retires and a new executive with a business mind comes in and wants the EA NHL series to make some real money.
nhl 98 посмотрите интро.и сравните.где хоккей а где вот это вот все
No for PC??
I am beyond tired of getting interference penalties for attempting one timers.  Seriously EA Vancouver, you went through the trouble of reinventing the wheel by revising the controls but you never fixed this glaringly obvious flaw?  I mean I guess you need more time, it's only been a decade of Skill Stick.
Why can't you play on pc?
the graphics look like some arcade game
Please release this on PC.
Be a pro in nhl24 needs to have a button in settings to have conversations on or off now
Next game… fix the hands in cut scenes… Looks like uncle Jack with his fake hands in Always Sunny. It’s ridiculously distracting
You know what would be sick, the three Hughes brother on the NHL 25 cover
I miss 2003 it was so much better to what nhl is now
Hello! Watching
EA should probably add text (arena title) around the logo on the center ice for custom teams.
Как делать силовой мельницу ? На гибрид и Тотал контрол ?
We need a PC version!
This game is LITTY 🔥🔥
Release on pc
After not buying this game for a few years, I’m thrilled to say that it hasn’t changed.   Lol,    The gameplay has gotten worse.   The loading times…. Woof.  Might be a while before I buy another.
can we get some new arenas and logos for carate a team mode next year
Hello! I Like To Seem Hope Only Maybe More Home  And Away Shirts Nationals Look
NHL needs to get back on PC 😞
The EA NHL franchise is DEAD.  Hardly anyone playing online less than 2 months after launch for a live service game is a really bad sign.   Might be the premium $90 AAA price tag for what literally feels like an indie game with sub par everything....like I mean EVERYTHING about the game. Graphics are last last gen at best and even worse with the NPC crowds, the controls feel broken as ever, the online game modes feel half asked. Low effort and a low bar from EA on this title.
i whant my. money back
plz make it able to pc
you have to hand over the nhl21 technique, hand it over it's an order
Would love to see this on PC !
I have no idea what they're actually saying like it's looking normal to me nothing that interesting but I wanna play this game so bad even tho I have zero idea of NHL irl
Copy and paste ...   Glitches  it's in the game
Ready to show us they took out the controls I use. Idiots….
I must say - as a causal observer who hasn't played an NHL game in years, it looks amazing. Of course I would require a PC to version to play - which is still sadly not a thing yet. Also - the camera jerks around to try to stay focused with the puck / gameplay. I get it but think it would be a bit more realistic or TV like if the camera transitions were smoother like a real TV camera. Maybe stay further back so all of the gameplay is in focus without the jerky movements.
We need a PC port.
Please have it for PC
So uhh why are their away chants? Like who thought of that. Dumbest game ever
Worst game I think I have ever played
this is so cool amazed by it
So when will you release the games on PC again?? We are millions of people who want to play it on PC, majority of people who look to play NHL want to play it online with other players with your created player. Therefore pirating the game wont be a big thing, you will still earn millions from your true fanbase, releasing the game with a gamepad or selling a NHL gamepad for PC also creates revenue, by enforcing players that play PC to have a gamepad of some sort to play the game and you wont have to adjust the game being played on keyboard and mouse.. DO IT NOW, we have been waiting for NHL since 2009 to come back to PC.
Listen to humanoids , and why there is no Russian language in NHL 24 from EA Sports .After all , EA Sports FC 24 has it .Russian is used all over the world, and you have the principles of underdevelopment.
yall made this instead of fight night
Somehow you guys continue to revolutionize garage games, nothing you advertised for game play actually works. Garage goal after garage goal sprinkled with horrible hitting the feels glitchy and the guy you level still gets up and back in the play 2 strides behind you. So annoying you have another $100 of mine, save your money and play last year's even though that was bad too.
all these features nobody asked for and still no PC port.
I don't like how the pressure and pin information is on the ice... it's distracting.
U finally added checking into bench and glass braking
Blah blah blah that’s all I heard
EA NHLs slogan is 'one step forward, two steps back'
Update for NHL94 controls, NOW!
Please bring back the NHL 94 controls! 🤬
I hope you add the Hybrid Controls for Controller Accessibility on Release Date
total control skill moves bad
I have only one question, is it playable? Because last year in be a pro it ain't. After 1 season and your player plays hockey like a senior citizen, my face off dude has won 3 faceoffs in the entire 82 games season, and my coach demands a goal despite my player just recently done a hattrick. Then we have the refs, they can't ref the game come save their lives. I won the leauge in PIMs with 42 min, were 30 of them was because of fighting, with my penalty options on max FOR THE OTHER TEAM!
Computer retaliation penalties
Please tell me we’re able to turn off the pressure gauge?
Bring NHL back to PC, and please focus a little more on franchise mode!
This is amazing, I might buy this. Haven't bought a hockey game since 1999.  The one critique is, the pressure system should be based around players ice time without a line change. Cause even if a DEF is stuck in there zone for a bit, if they just did a line change on a dump and the off team didn't then that creates a broken system. Cause your def even thought they in there def zone might be fresh on the is and not fatigued and can then generate a nice out of the zone plays that can lead to man advantages.  So it shouldn't be just you tied down in your def zone for (like say 10 seconds), but ice time period, fresh or out for a long duration of time from that last line change.
Make the AHL goal horns accurate
How about BAP?
6vs6 drop in online nhl teams, not outside ??
I bought 23 last year expecting that they've fixed their game in the last 6 years of not buying. They haven't. I hope people have stopped buying
Lots of new systems, looks nice.  My biggest hope is that the EXISTING systems have been debugged!
Does anyone know if the Danish league is in NHL24?
I haven't bought the NHL since 2016. During this time, a minimum of changes in each of the games.
This is amazing holy
The idea might not be reached to anyone influential but to me something nice would be to cut off on the loading times by minimizing the UI screen transitions animations and having more responsive UI loads. Especially repetitives modes like eashl.   Also the « 1 minute waiting time after matchmaking » feature in matchamking games only extends the loading for 1 more minute, which seems really diminishing gameplay-wise, as it tones up the dead times between matches.
about time
put it on pc
Put Russia back in the game!! The players have NOTHING to do with what’s going on in Ukraine. And fix the “scratched” BS. Every time u start a game ur missing 2 top guys. Enough
"New".....
Vypadá to konečně luxusně ❤
its sad but nhl series of games have an issue with the controls when playing head to head offline. the controls are reversed each period. i have problems play with my friend and thats why i wont buy nhl games anymore until they resolve this issue. theres no way to change it.
Já está disponível 476,10 na mídia digital Europa,37,10 ou 47,10 euros , Estados Unidos 37 dólares iluminats Euro 47 37 euros Europa blz realmente você dois ou mais gente estão certo de ficar 17 dias no Brasil,após 3 anos na Europa e já voltou tão sedo não voltará tem gente que faz isso,vai pra fora volta depois o que eu mesmo tenho em mente loteria minha idade 55 anos e ir para norte america,praia de Malibu Losangeles nem pensar em voltar poder de compra partiu repetidamente casa Lotérica visto EB5 e pegar o famosos beco,porque na chance na merda só fica quem que eu gosto desse jogo desde o super Nintendo,sempre jogava o futebol na real e nos games e este jogo adoro NHL
Ea obviously knows me! They gave me 14 sets with all the same player? 10 to choose from, 1 scam odd after another! But odds of me getting 666 coins every other day is 1-1000, I always get it, but I never get the 1-10 odds? Hmmm? What could ea be doing to cheat us illegally? Any1 a lawyer?
Can ps4 players play with ps5 players? Anyone know?
Recycled content
Wow NHL 11 is back  🙄
This is cool and all but, why aren’t you releasing it on PC?
Classic EA. Remove features then re-add them 10 years later as "groundbreaking new feature!"
pls make a fking pc port
Love that they made things more accessible to play
They just added features back that were in NHL14. NHL 14 was the last decent game they made
How bout authentic goal horns and arena specific organs ?
Cant believe they managed to make the goalies even worse truly incredible
PC?
I love that they say that broken glass is new They have had that before and in NHL 13 you could launch someone on to the bench
the pressure system makes me want to jump off a cliff
PC
We Need Realistic graphics
Well, happy 15th anniversary . (15 years ago, this game was seen on PC)
Great "Dump & Chase" even the Americans can enjoy the gane now.
Looks exactly the same as the last 3
Guarantee BAP will have the exact same dialogue as the last 4 years smh
I just wish they had the Fn thrashers jerseys like geez get on top of that boys
Gonna be the same announcers with snoop dogg back lol
I want to sim games against bad teams and not lose 7-1, especially  when my line combos are 3 or higher. I wamt coaches to matter like they're supposed to. Ive won the Cup with a head coach and no other coaches. I want players to come after me if I lay out their captain, and have teams remember if a guy hurts another player and has to pay for it the next game. And about 10 other things.  I know...I'm dreaming.
Simple customization for players : roll up sleeves to elbow pads
They should add the announcers in the beginning of the game and and player records back and bruises on the characters faces after a fight
There BETTER BE GLASS DESTRUCTION AND THE ABILITY TO SEND PEOPLE FLYING INTO THE BENCH. Hitting in this game is literally one of the funnest things to do in any game
I wish they would put this much effort into nba live
All i want is for the NHL games to come back to PC
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
“You can send players into the bench and break the glass.”  Oh, so like you could do years ago before you removed it for no reason?
At this point, all I want to see or hear is "available on PC"
so basically...a roster update.
It would finally require better graphics for the spectators... I mean the audience and definitely more scenes, demonstrations, for example, in any successful clash between players or a goal scored, and especially spectators, mascots, etc. I think it simply needs more scenes during gameplay. After all, anyone who doesn't want to have scenes can press X
Ignoring a PC release yet again.
checks look outrageous... Rag dolly if you ask me... Too much...
why still no PC release???
'Promosm'
I WANNA PLAY THIS ON PC, MAKE IT HAPPEN PLZZ
I’m on everything with ra on it spreading awareness so no one else has to waste seventy dollars
Congratulations madden you made a die hard madden fan decide to never buy you game again 😂😂idc if it’s fifa I want all of them developers fired
I just realized that the earlier release date means that were likely not getting Logan Cooley or Adam fantilli at launch
BRING BACK WINTER CLASSIC MODE!!
PC PORT PLS
I would buy every EA sports game every year again like I used to and so would my dad if  EA hockey came back to pc. I also have many friends that would too. Dropping the ball EA. There is a huge market for it if you were to do it correctly...I specifically refused to buy madden because this isnt coming to pc. There is a massive market for NHL on pc just look at how many people still play the one from 09 still but unfortunately with mods. Wouldnt need that if EA released this on pc :D
will bee iihf
i know this is  ridiculous, but how about bringing hut coop back?
its literally completly diff game
Big YAWN......wake me when NHL returns to the PC.
why is NHL never coming to PC. so many more people switching to PC over console, and NHL is definitely losing players since like NHL 14 steadily..
buying ps5 for this game
The use of the term 'gameplay meta' by the devs doesn't sit right with me. Is this a hockey sim, or a game to be, well, gamed/exploited?
One touch passing, isn’t knew if you actually know how to work the buttons for the previous games, you can one touch pass
1) all I play is goalie. 90% of scrub D will get eaten up till patches start flying out like always. 2). Breaking the glass is back lol that’s awesome!    Hope you guys that play D don’t play like scrubs again this year
NHL 24   -   WANTING LIST: 1. More of NHL team's retro jerseys from the 80's and 90's  -  Including Anaheim Ducks 05-06 jerseys and there 2000 jerseys  or  Sabres 1996-2006 jerseys  +       Capitals Blue Capitals Eagle jerseys  +  Islanders "Fisherman" jerseys from 1996  etc. Year-by-year these are wanted and yet never are they included. 2. Include RETRO TEAMS  =  Hartford Whalers,  Atlanta Thrashers  &  Quebec Nordiques. 3. Make it possible to customise GM mode with changing NHL franchise's logos on ice with older/classic logos ex. Sabres Angry Bison logo or Anaheim "Mighty" Ducks      logo or Capitals Eagle logo/Capital building etc. and decide default home/away jerseys the player wants them to have out of selection. 4. Include A LOT MORE content for Career Mode with more story elements, more Cup win celebration with a parade in the team's city, NHL awards cut-scenes and crying out loud bring back the NHL All-Star game and MVP award to winning player. Have more contract options in Free Agent including a offer-sheet from all interedting teams etc. 5. Be able to customise goalkeeper's masks and helmet with your own design(s), colors and a big variety of symbols and icons to put there  AND select famous retro masks like:     Cujo's mask  +  Vanbiesbrouck's gold panther  +  Belfour's Eagle mask  +  Shalenkov's WildWing mask  +  Garth Snow's mask style etc-etc. 6. Bring back the intro of skaters going out from dressing room on-to the ice and the entrances like SJ Sharks shark mouth or EDM Oiler's flaming rigg etc-etc.
Why the game look like that
PC?
The lacrosse is too easy. In the community play I was able to score it about every single time
No pc version?
#removeHUTfromNHL and focus on EASHL features, BE A PRO features, GM MODE features, and actual GAME-PLAY mechanics!!!!!!    UNDERSTAND EA SHILLS!?    FIGURE IT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to see and hear what they're doing with the presentation
Breaking the glass is gonna be fun
@1:13 this feature can be bad
Maybe keep the player overalls the same for HUT as they are elsewhere in the game. it’s so obviously a SCAM for money and really teaches all the young children playing this game to gamble. So congrats on that EA Sports
How many of these positive comments are bots huh?
Ok, but where is our the best ***cking special guest Snoop Dog??? Please fix that bug!!!
I’m so hyped for NBALIVE now
They need to put this "new" engine into madden
they could finally make the NHL on PC. You can save yourself the "buy a console" comments 😄
Get rid of that stupid play by play commentator , Ferraro can stay .
I really wish EA could bring NHL to PC again. We haven't had an NHL game since NHL 09
When will it come out on PC ?  and are there female characters in the game so that the girls control their character ?
I'm still playing NHL 20 lol
Do we have custom team goal celebrations yet or nah?
GM CONNECTED Button
didn't need a goalie fatigue system lmao goalies already fumble the play after 1 shot
Sad it won’t be on pc
Old played out graphics nothing new. Glass breaking? Hitting guys into stands? Try 2010 era.
Remove the Michigan. It just get abused and spammed repeatedly.
I hope they bring back broadcast view. Idk why they took it out for 23.
goalie fatigue? Why spend ANY programming time on something so minor like that?  Goalies dont really fatigue at any levels above house/beer league?!  The animations in the trailer look like the way we played 30 years ago with all the butterflys into stacked pads!
I haven't played NHL since NHL17 and the game play and animations looks identical
“Cross play is here” lol I can’t trust EA with that. Can’t even get regular play to work
You can’t even play their “beta” cause they don’t give out enough codes.  A closed beta is stupid EA but that’s a compliment for you.
how many patch notes in the early stage of the Game??   somebody take an estimated guess.
Game looks great but why do we had to wait 5 years to break glass and pump player over bench again?
Thumbnail look like Dale Earnhardt Jr.
Chel died after 2013
A PC port would be nice
i mean you guys even doesnt add anything new except some little tweaks on unnecessary graphic details for over the years just like any other EA sport games, im pretty sure you guys have enough time to make this game come out for pc, unless your team has less than 3 devs.
Ea never dissapoints to dissapoint
Makar on the cover is fine, I guess. My ideal cover would have been a split shot of Sorokin and Shesterkin.
Even if it played exactly like this, I still wouldn't want it
Woo Hoooo! Nothing new. YES!!!
Cross-plateform and yet no PC version... 😢
I’m ready for disappointment, but if they show the offline modes some love, that would be a huge step up.
Just put it on PC this time guys come on…
Im gonna skip and wait for NHL 25. But luv the pressure system and that dump and chase finally has a purpose. One thing i'd luv for matches especially for career mode is a rivalry system.
I'll buy it, not for 79.99€ though
Poopoo...peepee poopoo
Honnestly watch every goolies...  every time they are doing snow angel on the ice.... i hope they will not always do that
Too bad there's no PC port for hockey...😢
I remember my NHL 22 story mode glitched. Smh
LMAO it’s the consumers fault for buying this game over and over. If y’all want change, you have to stop and demand it.
Breaking the glass and putting players in the bench ISN’T NEW  !!!
So they are back to adding old things from previous games and calling it new haha
I mean its cool but half these features are things that were ripped out of the game 6/7 years ago bro.
Is it just me or is the gameplay like NHL 2004?😅
Cancelled my $100 preorder thanks to the addition of the battle pass.  EA out here saving me money.  Thx guys!
Bro, NHL makes FIFA look like the most innovative game of all time, and is developed by the same company 😭
Still no PC release
Where can I download NHL 18 please tell me, give me a link, I've been looking for half a year and I can't find it
dude u could break the glass in NHL 15/16... but u still not giving us a pc version. smh
Goalie fatigue system. Fml. Make ice tilt even worse.
Every year the same, just some mods added. Why not include more leagues around the world for example? The fans still look like Madame Tussaud wax models, how about stadium unique fan chants or songs? how about add some realism to career mode or the be a pro that you can spend money on things? The game has the same model year in year out...
why wont you release on switch? I play on xbox, but would get so much more playtime on my switch since I can play it everywhere....if the show can move to switch, NHL should too
Jump over Madden
NHL23 is better
Goalies have no adrenaline?
This looks great but it’s EA.
Another year hut is left untouched I’m sure
I hope at least there's a better soundtrack . The music in NHL 23 sucked so bad I had to mute it
YOUR NOT GOING TO PISS ME OFF THIS YEAR EA LIKE BEING CALLED A ROOKIE EVERY YEAR 🤬 OR ALL THE FANS WEARING MY JERSEY NUMBER AND NAME ON THE OPPOSITE TEAM 🤬 AND BRING BACK  PRESENTATION 🤘🏾 and it would be nice to have WINTER CLASSIC & making the USA 🇺🇸 TEAM in BE A PRO i LOVE HOCKEY MY FARTHER USE TO BRING ME TO THE REAL GARDEN IN THE 80s to WATCH THE BRUINS all im saying is (IF ITS IN THE GAME ITS IN THE GAME) LIVE UP TO YOUR SLOGAN 🤔AND MAKE MORE BLACK PEOPLES HAIR STYLES 🤬🤬 becauseBLACK PEOPLE do play in the NHL too 🤔 ✊🏾
If we boycot the game they will do something about the game the problem is we keep buyin it no matter what
Imagine if they spent more than a weekend on this game every year.  Would be wild
As someone who hasn’t played since NHL 2010, am I crazy for thinking these features already existed?
Please change the goal horn of all non NHL teams to a better one
if this is all true, as wellcas some franchise mode additions then this might be the best since nhl14  probably not better tho
Lol because woc goalie wasn’t hard enough let’s make the goalies tire now 😂
You can now put players in the bench and break the glass... so ea is reintroducing old features and calling it new features well looks like another 80$ roster update
So is it going to be ad awful as 23? Looks like it.
Im about to be unstoppable on xbox
Will the game be available on switch on day ???
nice added realism touches to make it more human, I like the look of the tackles some of those look sick
NHL 24 new feature in gameplay Xbox one cover
NHL 24 new feature in gameplay Xbox one cover
All they ever do now is change game play without adding or fixing their modes. I never seen anyone say dam I wish they had better hits or goalie positioning yet this is all they work on. They DO NOT care about their fans opinions at all.
Who in here Remember blades of steel on Nintendo ?? .. ...... Man we've  come a long way lol
If you would have added all this last year (instead of just adding girls) I would have actually bought the game lol
We've come a long way since Pac Man!
Is it not possible to stop the animation on the boards from constantly changing?
Hockey deserves better than EA Sports. So tired of the same old game.
I feel like every new nhl game is just adding two features to the last one
Can't wait to play this on my Pc
Did you get rid of all the girls in HUT?  Or are there still 5"1'  girls who can knock down Hedman, and are faster than McDavid?
Release it on PC!
I think net physics need some work and how the puck actually reacts when it hits the back of the net
So nhl14 with better gfx, and one new mode. Lmfao copy paste like cod
same old sh*t
Soooo. Really nothing “new”. The NHL deserves so much better than EA making their games. 🙄
Talking about next gen gameplay..the movements are nowhere near realism..
it literally still looks nothing like hockey.
Every sports game is obligated to "Break The Glass" in a videogame, change my mind.
Hope we get more of Carla interrupting Ray and James while they are awkwardly silent, and then resume conversation as if she was never there.
Yeaaaah. I'd say there are a few updates since my NHL '94 days on SNES....
Jesus loves you sm
And still no world championship mode?
BRING NHL TO PC!!!!
Every other EA sport game is on Steam. The only sport I care about is hockey. I'm not buying a console for one game.
Please let them give control options: nhl23 control.  For those of us who have been playing for 5 or more years, it would be great and it would preserve the fact that we have to try a little
So nothing really fundamental is changing? Be a pro will still be lacklustre? You dont even get banners on your home ice when you win a cup 😆, or all star games, or off ice team stuff. NBA is so much better.
EA: We added hip checks, broken glass, and into-the-bench hits!  Whereas I'm still unsure why they took them out in the first place
cant wait
Taking features away from us for years just to give them back to us with worse animations 😂 that glass breaking looks terrible compared to how it used to be. Just wait till next year when they talk about how cool it is to add a winter classic mode
Cross platform huh? When is the PC release?
How bout get away from the cartoony look already
Hey man NHL 23 looks great.
As OttawGh0st used to say.. " yeah ya know, whatever fuk"  ...
Please mobile version 😢
I wish they turned off interactions during be a pro. Or allow the user to
Wow the graphics look amazing. I wish they would release these on PC
Глупо то что они не выпускают игру на пк, они теряют очень большой рынок Я уже года 3 жду релиза на пк☠️
Just make a normal RVH for goalies.
Why does NHL 21 looks better than 24 😂 Expected WAY more when it`s 30 years anniversary with this one. EA Seriusly need some competition, they keep downgrading the game it feels like and have as of now no competitors and therefore gets away with it, really sad.
Just buy the NHL Hitz franchise and remake it for modern consoles
They will keep doing this game until they lost last console fan... After that PC era starts :D
cant wait for the bugs, repetitive animations, player glitches, and everything else!
Sooo when is there PC support?
Sooo when is there PC support?
Anybody knows if there are any new leagues and teams in the game?
coming to pc??
We need one innovation - PC version!
PC or GTFO
There's no possible way that any of this gets cheesed all to hell and back. -insert sarcasm here-
Finally !!! Goalies getting some love
Can u bring back alternative captain patches for career mode
The backhand forehand is still an easy goal.
Meh
If its not coming to PC, i domt care
Same as always.  Claiming new features when they were either already there last year and they just renamed them, or simply adding new features they removed from a year or two previous.  No thanks.
bring to pc
Please don't tell me the cover star is MacKinnon🙈
you should releae on PC
No mention of Cinemotion? Fog on the ice? Get it together EA! And quit recycling features from past year's games and calling them new! Breaking glass and being checked onto the bench are not new features 🤦‍♂️
PLEASE TELL ME YOU GUYS UPDATED BE A PRO THIS YEAR!!!
When is NHL coming to PC?
Haven’t played in years. I can see it’s still a dogshit game.
New features look promising yet I still can’t look past the underwhelming graphics…
i would like to see goal replay where i can see the puck crossing the line. Existing replays are focused on everything but goal...
Same as NHL23, new issues, stupid goalie manual control sinse NHL 20, wait for NHL 25, I hope EA will fix issues
You had breaking glass before and getting hit into the bench ......AND YOUR CALLING IT A NEW FEATURE?!?! pathetic lol just like Madden you guys are bringing our sport games down to hell., BAP better be new....
Why no more Hybrid controls EA ?
No size mismatch system? I would assume the 5'9 player would bounce off a 6"4 dude. Or take fatigue or injury risk.
Not on PC so am not interested. Been waiting for this game to come back to computer since NHL 09.
Będzie grane na kanale! Świetnie to wygląda!
looks like ps3 graphics still when are we going to see ps5 graphics?
How much for this NHL23´s DLC ? Like $80 ? That’s a bit expensive but ok
They should make this game harder, not easier. These changes are like middle finger for hardcore nhl players who have really trained these dekes.
I remember back in the day when they had a "momentum meter" - afterwhich they claimed momentum wasn't a thing. Now we have a "pressure" meter and goalies flopping all over the place.  How about players just fatigue over time, like a regular game, instead of artificially causing fatigue based on specific actions that people will exploit.   A goalie dropping to ice on every cross-ice pass is the exact same problem as 5+ years ago, it just has fancier animations now.  Also bringing back glass breaks like it's a new thing. I bet you something else is gone, like helmets coming off or broken sticks. Something is always taken out to be added in 2-3 years as a news feature.
Does the new game include the feature for the commissioner to cacnel games for a rapist? Because the real NHL does
NHL 24 looks epic. I have NHL 23 and it’s awesome. Great job EA Sports.
WOW THIS GAME LOOKS LIKE NHL 19. SO GLAD THEY DECIDED TO RERELEASE THAT GAME.
Release IT for steam deck ans pc
loser sport
Year by year, game looks the same 😞   I like to see an NHL game, when I score, to get the feeling that I've done something amazing, like better crowd reaction, players having random/more celebrations, nets actually moving when the puck hits the net, I don't get a vibe I've scored a goal, looks the same, even if I score 5 goals.  I've played NHL19 to NHL23 on console & to me, this franchise, looks the same, feels the same, typicaly EA, it becomes boring really fast.
Hopefully no women hockey in this one, couldn't buy last years because it looked like it sucked so bad.
Why do the new games barely look any better than games from 15 years ago?  Certainly they have the technology to make them look more realistic by now..
How about you build a game that has realistic goalie animations and an ai that can actually track a cross ice pass instead of adding new glitch goals line the pathetic wrap around in 23. Or maybe make the match making against opponents based on more then just the division you’re in in h u t.  So when a guy grinds all season long to build a  hockey ultimate team and it gets to be a 99 off 99 def 98 goaltending rated team and it then somehow ridiculously gets matched against a Team that’s 84 Off 82 def and 78 goalie and your pathetic ea fair play kicks in because somehow someone thought that was the answer to everything and the higher ranked team can’t buy a goal of make a play because of the fair play and gets smoked by a team full of no body  and nothing skill rated players because ya know.  E a fair play y not.     Stop trying to make the game more flashy and adding this and that this year. And fix the messes you’ve alll made since 94 alredy so finally for once this group of  die  hard  dedicated customers grt a n actual functioning and enjoyable game  e to play instead of making things more flashy or adding anything new fix what’s wrong with the game already.   I can’t be rhe on my  one
How about a menu UX improvement?   Reduce decision trees/clicks and make it easier for people to actually play.  New game/Matchmaking after game ends for example. It’s also painfully slow when navigating.
"you can now send players into the bench, and break the glass" Right, because that has not been a thing before...
New this new that .. great who cares .. still losing tons of players by not having it on pc
As of now it just looks like new features/gimmicks without taking time making game modes better like career mode for example
You FORGOT to add your annual announcement :  " PUCK you !!! PC PLAYERS, we Puck you deep since 09 "   Happy Birthday NHL 04 ! 20 Years of age and still the best NHL on PC ! Puck you 20x EA for this !
So fake.  Where are the adds for Draft Kings and FanDuel?
I just don't see the reason why they have cross play and no PC version ( there is a huge player base that would grow the title to its former glory) . The only people playing on console, are 12 year old's, and they don't even know what hockey is because that involves going outside.. Adults are all on PC these days, our consoles are covered in dust and we only use them to watch netflix and to  heat the room during the winter.
The Groundhog Day...
when are we getting pc port probably never  😥
Wow Amazing they put a feature that already existed in NHL 2K6 😂
Dear EA Games, last time when I played NHL was 2009 on pc, and I have no interest of your another boring and same every year NHL relese. Just for once start to think about other consoles and PC, millions of people will not buy Xbox just for one game lol, genius marketing strategy...
RELEASE. ON. PC.
Whenever EA made the decision to remove features only to add them years later as "new" was the first day of many days where they lost their way. The only NHL game I'll buy is a heavily discounted 10 USD version and if that doesn't happen... there's always next year.
awesome
Still no PC release 😂
Does he also blindside people after the whistle?  Nice choice.  What button combo enables that sweet move?
Bring back hybrid controls pls
*I don’t really watch or play hockey but I used to have nhl hitz ‘02 n that game was straight ⛽️*
Love the pressure gauge
This does look promising.. however... for once, how about hire people who can animate real facial expressions for the players... you know.. for the first time in EA NHL history..   Its a the little details that makes a game worth the money and yeah also.. can you make a game that feels like a real hockey game..  Also... please fix the generic spectators ffs
funny how most of those "new" things were in old nhl games like 2004
Still no online franchise mode.  Another year, another pass.
Honestly I'm happy to see changes to goalie i love the position but often got mad playing 21 (only hnl game since 09) ill be getting a ps5 for this game
can we just get new animations and more crowd environment thats actually realistic?
get this game on PC
None stop glitch goals in EASHL to pad stats 👍
Is it me or have almost all these things already been in the game?
not worth preordering till they give us PC or Nintendo switch/switch 2
Wow look! It’s NHL 22 part 3.
Well the 2k6 pass system is a welcome add
I hope the be a pro mode is improved allowing you to spend a full season or 2 in Junior if you want. And also not have The James Cybulski show rip me to shreds every time I don't score 12 goals in one game.
This looks terrible
They based the whole game around pressure and sprawling goalies . This truly looks like nothing special 🎉
Still no PC port? Yikes
When are you guys gonna make it for PC?? Come on man, we already got FIFA and Madden on pc, we need NHL!
Don’t care about any of these adjustments. All I wanted was connect franchise.
Pc please
I feel like a lot of these features were already in previous games…
TBH there's a decent amount of gameplay updates for this year! Hopefully they prove fun to play! ❤🎉
put it on pc
put it on PC you cowards. I ain't buyin till its on PC
BROKEN GLASS?? THEY FINALLY LISTENED TO US.
PC Release when????
You guys need to put in a warmup! Before the game ive thought about it for years
GM Connected next year? Please 🙏
I wish they would add all star competition into franchise and be a pro  Also add back training and practice dekes cause when I first started playing NHL 23 I had no idea how to do the michagan
Cant play with last gen consoles?
Awsome 70 bucks agian and this time the defense gets tired.  Great job EA.  I'll see ya when games 29 dollars agian like every year
this looks nothing like actual hockey. NHL '94 was more realistic.
NHL 18 looks great, but hey... at least they are admitting to ice tilt
Looks neat, but no pc :(
you can clearly see this is the year to buy it.. they always do that.. one big year full of upgrade..next 2 year its almost a copie with roster update and new picture lol   so 2024.. 2027... 2030 lol        im starting to know them colis lol
Thumbs down for not coming to PC.
I hope the player getting up slower on big hits is only a certain small percentage. Most of the time guys take big hits and pop right back up
bring it to PC please for the love of hockey
These graphics are sick
No GM connect then?
Goofy ahh
PLS PC PORT
The game modes probably are gonna lack but this the on ice engine looks like a big step up! Haven't bought since 21 and I'm intrigued to try it
If you want my dinero, release a f.....g PC version
Pls just give us the winter classic back please
imagine it releases on PC now
more likes then dislikes??? impossible, this is the worst NHL trailer I saw lol theres nothing new hahaha lol
Is Be A Pro going to get an update or be the exact same as the last 3 games?
Hopefully, they will let us tweak body types for players. I don't know if anyone else noticed but player models are off. And can we also bring back customized camera angles with also the ability to customize player ratings in the franchise mode? And last but not least can we PLEASE RELEASE THIS GAME FOR PC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@EASports wow are you for real. if people buy this game they are dumb sorry!!
ok so nothing change at all lol ... this trailer is useless lol ill keep playing my 4$ copy of 2023 lol
DID THIS MAN PLAY NHL 2023 HAHAHA NOTHING HAS CHANGED???? EA SPORTS THEY ARE DRUNK!
I HOPE THERES NO MORE MICRO TRANS WITH THE PACKS AND I HOPE YOU GUYS FIXED THE BUGS.
If they’re going to make minimal improvements each year why not just release a new game every 4 years or so with significant improvements, rather than a roster update with a few minor changes……  This is why I only buy this game every few years or so
Пожалуйста пусть наконец-то эта серия будет без багов и каких-либо нелепых ошибок… Чтобы бот не подыгрывал и не тащил когда играешь сильным составом ведя в счете 3-0 и потом удивительным образом какие-то нелепые годы приводят к поражению 3-6 и так далее… Очень надеюсь что эта серия будет успешной 🙏
NOW INTRODUCING FOR THE 5TH TIME IN FRANCHISE HISTORY GLASS BREAKING AND SENDING PEOPLE INTO THE BOARDS
not the cale makar hit on matty beniers
@easportsnhl Did you remove all the BS charging calls this year?  Can barely hit in 23 without getting a penalty...
TOOK UNTIL 2024 TO HAVE CROSS PLAY LMAO
Like is comment if Lee and Jackson need retired. 😂
Okay, now tell us about how Franchise and Threes have been completely untouched for 5+ years. Personally can't wait for this game.. to reach the bargain bin, so I can pay the $20 it's worth for what should be DLC yet again.
This honestly sounds like one of the most improved NHL games in terms of gameplay if anything we just saw is accurate to the final product.
Yes! Finally! NHL19  is finally here!
as if it wasn't bad enough now they went ahead and added a female commentator for a man's sport...great
So.. still no improvements to be a pro or franchise mode? I love the latter but it's been vastly degraded the last couple of years with less power to the gm and less possibilities to affect the game.
NHL needs to come to pc
Please bring back white out rally towel crowds
Is this going to make deking easier? I just cannot get the hang of that. Excited for that and the new goalie controls. Playing goalie was way too hard.
I hope they updated the trading mechanic with proper salary dumping. Right now its Caglary wanting to dump Lucic a5th and a 6th for my 3rd round pick.......... Ya okay!
Still they charge you 89.99 for draft picks. Save 65 dollars and buy the game after the trade deadline or if it's on sale by Christmas
man. the pressure system makes me happy. For God's sake I can't tell you how many games I've won 3-2 in Ultimate Team despite outshooting their team 78-5
Oh here come another shitty year of NHL a little late on the cross play EA
Add actual European team atmosphere and arenas, also tournament mode where can pick your arena to have tournament
I'll buy a new NHL game when I buy a PS5...    ...which will be no sooner than when The Elder Scrolls VI comes out and forces me to move to a next gen console. Maybe by then the NHL series has changed enough to make it worth it to buy  yet again.
Just need co op in franchise mode
Players still skate like stick figures. Bring back and upgrade the skating from NHL17
Nhl 92 for the sets genesis was the best
Germany Just Legalized Marijuana!! MedMen Stock Moving up Fast! Mmnff......
Releasing on PC? No? Be a whole lot cooler if you did
Isn't made for PC again. We are at like 7 years now since I've played the sports game I enjoyed the most
The “sustained pressure system” is not at all how real hockey works. It’s just another thing for people to abuse.
🤍💯 HANDSOME👼🏼🧑🏼👱🏻✨🔥😍❤️💪🏻
$60 roster update
This made me mad
Will there be any online franchise mode? Probably not enough microtransactions in that for EA to think it´s worth their time
Bring back the NHL 2K10 Zamboni driving mode!
So glad to see that the "protect puck" button will ACTUALLY allow you to protect the puck in this one.
NO NO NO WHERE IS GM CONNECTED, EVERY YEAR THEY DODGE GM CONNECTED…BRING IT BACK
lol its so funny they have to explain like a million times why this game is better. wow they just killed it.
I hope you can remove the thing that's displaying ng on the ice
No PC again WOW EA way to leave us out.
OH NO THERE IS A BATTLE PASS!!!!!!
I’m afraid of them making the goalies look like a fish out of water. Then everyone will be making the rebound shots for goals
Omg they have made some big changes!! FINALLY
Y’all are on straight copium if you think they’re actually gonna try this year
Can you select players defensively in the same way as the vision passing system? I find player switching on defence horrifically unintuitive
Why are all the refs black and trans?
Franchise mode.
Now i can pull more BS Goals against players lol.
4:23 The net is again made out of concrete. The world is right again.
Needs to go free to play ea sports games are dead
Just need to implement the 1-3-1 powerplay as an option now. Sure its 10 years too late, but eh, better than never
Not buying until they have replays again
NHL 24 ❤🏒🏒🏒
Take away then re-add features. Same achievement too, I'm sure.
Feels like a decent upgrade from nhl18))
Thé game used in description is nhl20 lmao
Pressure system seems cool but I doubt it will work well in game
Literally all of these new features were in games from like 15 years ago smh
Jaromir Jagr was in the first NHL Hockey on Sega Genesis that came out in 1991 and he's still an active pro player today. I'm getting old lol. NHL 24 is 30th anniversary of NHL 94 too. Crazy. My favorites were NHL 94, NHL 2004 and 2014 so I'm hoping this keeps the every 10 years going.
So we still haven't added special events and all star games to be a pro?
Can you guys please just add net physics I’m sick of shooting at cages it’s so simple just add net physics ffs
Looks like nhl 07. Lol junk.
LOL they really said if you miss a hit, your player will now be out of position like it’s an added feature😂🤡 what a clown show.
Pisses me off that its been 15 years since they released NHL on PC last. They, and the fans are losing out. Even indie hockey games have high sales and a great community. Its shameful.
I’m telling you right now if I’m on the pk and and I get trucked buy a dangler while he’s on the forecheck I’m gonna have a aneurysm😂😂
didnt show the red wings once :(
Vision passing took WAYYYYY too long
Get rid of CHEL and make drop ins like they were in 2013-14!
Was crossplay not in NHL 23?! Why do they keep pushing it like it's some brand new feature?!?
Habs "Ole Ole Ole" song is still not in the game. 😔
All I want is to customize our goalie mask, EA you already have the tools with F1 and Need for speed, franchise that you own btw
Pc?
Buttons for deking? Thats lame imo thats what seperated players skill levels you had to actually put the practice in to be able to pull advanced moves off.  Same with button passing seems like theyre going to be automating saucer passes even more again another skill that seperate players.
Looks like ice tilt is going to be even worse now lol.
I wonder if the dude with the Mohawk who shadow boxes when I score will still come to every game ?
I think, every 10 years they should release a PC version of that year's NHL-game. This is the only game series that i would play on a console, but it is not nearly enough for me to buy one.
What about new Career Mode features? Any hopes for PC versions?
How's this game play on All Star or Superstar though? Because this video is clearly being played on rookie to showcase the new gameplay.
Will there be an NHL24 game on PS4?
I’ll just stay with nhl 23
Still the same gameplay...and next thing is the goalies helmet designs...still the same and the net is still not moving, so no, thanks. Pure stupidity💪
Is this the trailer for nhl20? do better EA.
So its a copy paste with a new added feature. Thanks for letting us know
ohh yes buff the hitting, because we needed that
are white man referee still not allowed?
Как были деревянными болванчиками в 2004 такими и остались.
I can't wait to chase 5'6 160 lbs snipers up the boards and watch them score on a hapless defense and frozen goalie.
So... the game will still not be available on PC ?
We don't need these. We need better Be a pro, Live the life, Coach mode, better season mode in Europe leagues...
I was hoping for a Be A Pro update that you can play on the National Team and Allstars Team and that you can play the allstar skill competition as well
Crossplay is here cause no one buys this game anymore
Why this game isn't included in Xbox Cloud gaming? It would be perfect for that.
All I know they better make chel better ones threes clubs the whole thing not the same old dumb glitch goals that these guys always score and go on randomly that are not even hockey goals 😂😂 it’s annoying
Vegas plays in the league for 5 years. Will we see real team coloured gear on Vegas goalies in Franchise mode? Or they gonna play in black and red pads again?
THEY HAD MOST OF THESE FEATURES IN NHL 14. ESPECIALLY PHYSICS CHECKING AND BROKEN GLASS AND PLAYERS GOING OVERBOARDS.
Are they adding hip checks back?
NHL 24 ❤
🏒❤
NHL 24 ❤ Eishockey 🏒🥅❤
Nhl 24 ❤ For Ps4 ❤
Buying another nhl just means learning a new glitch goal and abusing it over and over again. I think I’ll pass after this years atrocity
COME TO PC STEAM
I'm someone who doesn't care about online play so my main playing modes are BAP and Franchise, but EA doesn't pay any attention to those modes to improve them in any way. No mention of anything new or improved for BAP or Franchise. I guess I'll be getting the same BAP intro, player/coach/agent interactions yet again, constant glitches, dialogs with coaches, players and agents that dont make any sense whatsoever also the same hairstyles, facial hair and other creative staleness when making a character. Every year I set my expectations very low so I'm not disappointed yet EA always manage to let me down no matter how low I let my expectations go. I might as well just burn 80 bucks in my fireplace.
Again they haven’t even touched Be A Pro mode, I’m not expecting anything from it. Get ready to be disappointed for another year.
@ea sports nhl .... Again you can promote this ALL you like ... But until this comes out on PC you will not be getting my money on ANY EA sports title. And there is no excuse that this cant be released on PC when you are releasing on next generation xbox systems that are basically windows 10 mid ranged AMD systems. Just saying .. #eanhlonpc
I'll wait until it comes to ea play, I'm not paying full price for some updates
I don't care about changes when I can not play it on pc
Still no PC, dang such a wasted audience
PC port plzzzz
This actually looks promising for the first time in years
Please add all star game to be a pro please!!!!!
Yet again.. nothing for defensemen.. 😕
I see ea as not listened to the fanbase yet again
Do all the stadiums from Europe again.
All of this just to see mcdavid being rated a 95
gm connected and pc :)
What if the 6 on 6 drop-in time speed was increased to average games to under 30 minutes as opposed to the 40 minutes almost every 6 game is? I would play a lot more
But why can’t y’all make it for PC too! 😞
It needs offline 3 on 3 and I really do not understand why that was not a given to include in the past - how many games - since 3 on 3 OT was implemented in the real-life NHL
This is a lot to add in a year, just gotta wait until the game comes out. Btw, can we have “Create A Team” “Create A Player” to put in exhibition mode again like in NHL 08. Also practice with Franchise team in Franchise mode? All things that made the game really fun imo.
*EA has a CostumerService Youtube Channel now that's been replying to peoples comments. Decent, I wasn't expecting this, I think they're doing this for the first time ever. Keep drinking water guys.*
My favorite part of this video is NHL '94
When NHL will be on PC? We want it!😊
still not real life entrances. goal songs and intro entrances, terrible EA @EA
"You can NOW hit players into the bench and even break the glass"  You could do that in NHL 98...
Wow an actual new game for once 😂
I’m glad we are taking a step in the right direction. Goalie animations and bench and glass hits should  have been added years ago but hey gotta start somewhere. I’m excited again
A lot of these things are super cool BUT let's not pretend like the body checking and glass breaking is anything new.....
How many years in a row are you going to act like this is going to get any better? I’m sick of EA sports games.
Not buying this game without gm connected. Makes no sense not to have it. All other ea sports games have something similar. Might get it on game pass in a few months though, I guess.
I like how they finally bring back broken glass and hip checks yet years ago that was a standard in ea NHL. I’m sure be a pro/GM will let us down once again 😢
Goalie looks fresh hopefully it's responsive
This actually looks hype- hopefully it plays as well as it looks
Just replace the boring matchmaking UI by a ice pre-game practice and problem fixed! <3 would make the game so much more fun!!!!
cool, now do it on PC
This pressure system seems pretty dumb and will be broken easily
can you buy me a ps5 so i can play with my friends
So they are talking about features that are literally already in the game, and calling it something different. Wow.
PC ????????????????????? 😢
not impressed.
Add better hair for girls instead of the short hair
Nothing but a bunch of stupid gimmicks. Just give us a nice looking game that runs smoothly.
Looks amazing this year ! Just wish it wasn’t so expensive to buy packs for hut
wheres pc
I’d love to see more options for faceoffs and breakaways
Add more dekes and edge work, like anchor and soft drag
You sold me with Vision passing. Been waiting since 2k5 for this feature to come back.
Still no PC sort I see….
change the announcers please buddy is horrible
How about a First Person perspective?
Bring back add your own song playlist. I miss adding HHH theme song as pregame warm-up music
Yeeeeee
Go Avs!!
Have to stick to my guns and boycott for 3 years at least at a time before the next purchase
Im waiting to get it, but definitely better than last years "you fall down now" trailer
They mention cross play in WOC, but 23 already has that. Maybe not at launch but it has it.
Hopefully be a pro is not just based on being the fastest player
Please bring back connected franchise !!!!!!!!
Please tell me the goalies aren’t going to flop around like that as often as this trailer suggests.
This pressure things seems pretty decent. Body checks look way too arcady
Just like 23 with more micro transactions??
Pc?
I've never said this for an EA game but this looks promising.
Mid
I cant play on computer. Oh well then i wont play.
I'd really like to play this on my PC instead of my Series S.
Bring back GM connected
Slow down the gameplay its too fast, boring just to skate fast down the ice and spam cross crease
What bugs me every year is the net is stiff. Is it really that hard to fix?
unbelievably mid
Breaking glass and sending players into the bench is my favorite feature
Can you actually release on pc?
It’s insane how I come here every year. Hoping, praying.. espero que algun dia lo saquen para steam estaria muy bueno.
Excited to try the new engine but expectations are extremely low with ea sport’s reputation
YESS ONE TOUCH PASSING
Most of these "new" features aren't new at all.  Having to decide to either take the safe route off the boards or a risky play that might be intercepted, not a new feature just something that happens all the time in hockey  They claim dump and chases will work better, how many times have I heard that throughout the years  Landing a huge check will make the other player take longer to get up, not new  Cancelling an action, not new  "Momentum", not new  Most of the "new" goalie stuff, not new  Sending someone into the bench and breaking glass were in NHL 04, a TWO DECADE old game, not new
I'm so glad I stopped buying EA NHL games.  This video did not win me over at all.
Yeah just what this game needs, more animations for players to get railroaded in to.
Realistic...add more icons and gauges all over the screen k
I don't remember the exact year but I'm sure in NHL09 you could break the glass with puck and hits.
This actually looks like the best NHL in a decade. A lot of fantastic gameplay improvements and additions. Really excited to see what’s been improved in franchise mode. I’m very intrigued though, the last few years were a disaster so let’s hope this is finally the breakthrough the NHL franchise has needed for a long time.
Boys, we've finally made it back to NHL14.
2:30 NHL 94 sound effect?
I am ready to be hurt again by expectations. It would be super dope to have a PC release!.
CAN YOUS ADD NET PHYSICS THE NETS ARE LIKE BRICK WALLS ITS NOT SATISFYING TO SCORE WHEN THE PUCK HITS THE NET IT SHOULD MOVE
Looks like 💩
Vision passing FINALLY
Should be a $30 game by December 😂
Well I’m glad that they brought back the bigger hit animations, hip checking,hitting a player into the bench, and breaking the glass. Almost like they remastered NHL 10-14
My fingers are crossed. Anyone know when in game features are released ? Like career mode / franchise mode?
Now, bring it on PC! So I can stop playing NHL 2009 :p
no one noticed but the cage helmets are actual helmets not that old bucket thing
I like the pressure system. There’s nothing much here other then that
UPDATE THE AUDIENCE FOR GODS SAKE PLEASE. so tired of the same robot crowd since NHL14
I only need to know one thing. Is that menu chick still talking in world of chel or what ?
So many of these features were in older games lol
Please add more to be a pro
PC gamers get left out yet again. Just make it available on PC already
2:53 - Look at how bad that looks. The guy spins the opposite way he should have due to the point of contact.
Every 10 years EA makes the best NHL game. 94, 2004, 14 and now hopefully 24. If the crowd atmosphere from NHL 23 is in 24 that's all that matters to me. I'm very excited for NHL 24, 100% getting
The new animation based checks look awful. Looking like Madden.
When are we going to get Ray tracing and improved textures? The crowd look so dated, and the cup celebration is still so bolted on. It should feel exciting to play for and win the cup, and yet I almost always skip the celebration because I can't control it or hoist myself.
It looks ssooooo slow
2:06 - Just me or does that look awful?
If they didn’t add STANLEY CUP BANNERS ON FRANCHISE MODE I DONT WANT TO HEAR IT 🗣️
I love when EA takes out contents and comes back years later saying "new content". Ie. Hitting people into the bench or breaking glass.
This must be a joke. Some new nerd thing that nobody cares about. I haven't bought a NHL game in 3 years and I'm not buying this one either
FINNALY NO MORE GOOFY NHL UPDATES
BUZZWORD! BUZZWORD! BUZZWORD! Let’s nhl where is GM connected
https://youtu.be/NwbwOyvxAho😂🎉
PLEASE ADD MORE TO FRANCHISE MODE PLUS GET THAT PRESSURE THING OFF THE ICE
We shall see! 😂
Same old goalie mask 😂 I'll skip a year again
Those goalies are gonna be jumping around way too much no?
Remember guys it’s a step in the right direction lol
Sure bud.
Break the glass!!! AI has way too much control over the outcome. Level 12 teams beating p5 should never happen.
To sum it up.   You get tired now...... Aaaaaaaaaand pay me - EA
Goalie fatigue. That only took 30 years
As a goalie I better be able to turn off that tether bs. What if the puck is on the right boards, im parking my goalie there I don’t want to constantly move so I don’t get put out of position
All these updates and we still can't get the net to move an inch. It's like firing into a garage door...
i'll give EA Credit. this actually looks different. i'm hoping that gimicky "pressure" display can be removed, because it takes away from being a true simulation.
PUT THE GAME ON PC FOR THE LOVE OF GAMING JESUS.
Big win!! Thanks for changing and updating the gameplay! Now I'm just hoping for some more custom content luke custom logos and unis 🙌
This might be the worst nhl they’ve made
No pc version? Rip
You are frauds.  You are worse than used car salesmen.  You abandon this game every year by October after you've absconded with our money.  If you had any integrity, you'd give this franchise away.
Oh look another year I can't play because no PC release ... 😕
I got invited for beta NHL 24,  Cant wait!
Eh this update wasn't half bad. EA can't remove bad stuff or patch bugs tho... I think this game would be easily at least 30%+ more popular if EA just had a whole update dedicated to removing bugs and adding stuff to be-a-pro/franchise
Now this seems like a legit upgrade
Make it on pc for crying out loud
I just want to play francshise mode on PC ;-;
I didn't realize you couldn't check into the bench or break the glass, it was in the game 10+ years ago
NHL 14 still the King 👑
That player indicator bar looks very old school. Too old school imo... Can you change it? Turn it off somehow.
How about we all just keep playing the previous games and hit them where it really hurts. Stop giving these guys your hard earned dollar for a generic hockey game. We all deserve better. Notice how they say nothing about Franchise mode or Be a Pro mode. It's because it's going to be the exact same thing. How hard would it be to add contract negotiations to Be A Pro? No movement clauses, no trade clauses, teams you'd be alright to be traded to. What if i want to take less money so the team can improve? These are all super simple things that even the slightest bit of effort could pull off. And that effort will only come when we stop giving them our money.
For the digital board that it looks like will there be an option to turn them off I can't wait to see what be a pro looks like
All I’m saying is I hope they really fix the goalies far too many times in 23 your teams goalie wouldn’t stop jackshit I’d have to win games 5-4 6-5 8-7 with shots being like 53-17
GM connected back yet????  After the last two season of 100 dollar roster updates, this joke needs to just go away
Last year was the first year I didn't buy the new NHL. This is looking promising and has got me more excited for an NHL game than I have been in a long time.
We want NHL on pc :(
I hope we get a new scoreboard and I hope it’s on top this time
So ice tilt is now a feature lolol
if its not for pc, i have no interest
yay!!!! mega game tilt!!!!!!
Would it be on pc
i hope everyone  realizes that this new preasure feature is gonna make guys spin in the corners until your goalie and team is tired and then walk out front. this is game tilt on steroids
But have they fixed the game?
Can we have NHL 2008 back?
Looks actually promising with the pressure system so we can get away from cancer gameplay where ppl take no shots and just protect puck to get an opening cross crease pass lane. Lets see If they finally figures out the game enginge they built up from 15 so the great nhl games ending on a 4 continues. 94,04,14.....24?? The games since 14 has been really mediocre at best tho.
Nice!!
see how they say the game changed and then they compare goalies  from 24 by puttign nhl 23 in black and white lmao!
Ea is a joke play slapshot rebound instead
The NHL 24 Trailer Is Amazing 👏👍❤❤🏒⛸️🥅❤
Nhl 23
Inlet Tunnel For The Del 2 Please
Inlet tunnel for the Del Please
I can’t believe I’m gonna say this, but as someone who has hated nhl games since 14, this genuinely looks like a big improvement
Inlet Tunnel In Nhl 24 Please
Looks like it has potential
A game with already abysmal defense and goaltending has given defense and goalies a nerd
no mention of A.I booooooooo
It says cross play is here, yet it says same generation consoles right after. So which one is it?
The graphics not even upgrade since NHL 17 in 2016 it's si sad!!!
Man I want the glass to blow apart not just shatter
Please update fighting, and ditch the annoying announcers.
I gotta stop lying to myself and saying I won’t buy the next game
pc pls
Old career mode with no life decisions please… I just want to keep playing game after game without a bunch of questions and decisions about signing with sponsors, making my teammates happy, and buying things.
They got a PC port yet? or they droppin the bag once again?
UNPOPULAR OPINION: I like the new boards
Great... so the visual department has spent their time making board graphics instead of bringing back the deleted presentation package with mid-game highlights and opponent goal replays. NHL 23 felt so empty in offline. I bet it will be the same with NHL 24.
If there are no significant changes/updates to Franchise  and Be a Pro, it's a hard pass for me.
All looks great, but PLZ DON'T ADDED achievement with Gretzky's record.
GM Connected?
Can we just get new announcers? This play by play guy just gets way too excited. Make a simple clearing attempt, goalie makes a simple pad stop: OmG wHaT a SaVe ThAtS gOiNg In ThE hAlL oF fAmE!
Adding things from a decade ago and playing them off as new is typical EA. Can we get someone who's passionate about hockey to oversee these games or what?
will women be forced into mens team ? , will women be forced into mens team staff ? will women ref again be in mens game ? will be there a women commentator , criticizing performance of men ?
Bring back NHL on PC ffs
another edition for kids, not for adults...
NHL 15.9
This looks brutal
James Cybulski is still calling the games? brutal.
Gonna be so many more glitch goals it’s ridiculous…. Can’t wait 🙄
I can't wait it looks amazing
Putting efforts to make it cross-platform but they still don’t want to release the game for PC and Switch :/
The fact you can break the glass again I’m ready to give them all my money
they cant figure out how to make ps5 and ps4 play againts each other  ( ...this is BS ...) cross play aint needed as much as cross generation ..lost to many teamates  this year ill pass on your game no doubt !
heres a few gimmicks and the same old shitty animations and physics. “EA SPORTS…ITS LIPSTICK ON A PIG”
Will this ever be for PC?
trooooollllliiiinnnnggggggggggg
Everyone : can we have some new features to be a pro and franchise mode, maybe add all star, and world juniors.   EA: check out this pressure meter.
@ the hitting and glass breaking....that was in the game how many years ago but you just removed it? its not new
So now that you’re making the auto come back, momentum, even more apparent and more obvious.. Andrew Wilson and his cuckold boyfriend Sean Ramjagsingh should have been fired years ago.
Take Truculence out of WoC in 24 please. Absolutely awful players abusing a broken perk makes the game not fun to play. 80% of the community at least just spams gold Truculence and gold Close Quarters.
oh yay new game, oh wait you people wont release the game on pc for some reason
hopefully this live up to its hype. It's been a while since EA has done something great
Can’t spell purchase without PC.
No life losers will puck rag with unstoppable force in EASHL even more now.  Most incompetent developers ever.
I guarantee you can still skate out of the corner and score pull back wrister goals every single time. I guarantee you can circle out front from behind the net and score every single time for the 19th plus straight year
Why does this look kinda sick?
Feel like this was already in the game, you just didn't have it displayed
Seems complicated
Nothing in this trailer looks new 🤣
What about career mode?
please get rid of outdoors eashl for drop in, i miss playing with nhl teams in drop ins
👀
So what has really changed besides the ON ICE stuff and cross play. Like there's nothing added into franchise mode, Be a pro. Like huh?!
Can yall please put it on PC?
1:52 did an EA employee just take a video of their monitor with their for this clip?
Lol these are new features. All this has been in previous games
I remember glass breaking was a thing in nhl 2004 lmao glad they removed a feature just to have something to pretend is innovative
I like the pressure meter function but I hope that it’s possible to hide the icon from showing on the ice. I turn off just about everything that doesn’t add to a simulation experience
I bet the crowd still is pixelated and looks like it’s from 2007 at best
I like how breaking the glass is a "new feature".
Still no PC version.....
Sounds really thoughtful from a videogame perspective. All the cool sim stuff looks like it has more connection to the actual flow of a match.
The skating animations never cease to make me laugh hard. This game is a joke.
Would be cool if NHL Games were on PC
Same crowd since 1863 lol
pc?
I hope the scoreboard is different, and i hope they put it on the top instead of the bottom... Other than that it looks sick🔥🏒🎮
Was hoping this would be the season that would get me to upgrade to a next-gen console, but seeing no mention of the offline modes makes me think EA hasn't done enough with them to warrant moving on from NHL 20. The appeal to HUT players is probably there but EA continues to leave the Franchisers behind.
Please be on Game Pass!
Bring back instant relays no more condensed replays,also show the opposite team replays make it feel more authentic
Unfortunately it's a disaster but I hope for the best even though the it's not the same but at least I can play with the All time All stars .
Where is the scoreboard? I hope its not going to be at the bottom last previous years, its horrible. Needs to be back up top corner.
I bet forehand glitch goals will still exist
“Physics based contact feature revolutionizes checking…miss a hit and you’re out of position” isn’t that in every nhl game ever simply because of the nature of the game???  “All new check players into the bench, and break the glass”… isn’t that just a relaunch of a feature in early 00’s?
I still want ONE thing real goalie mask in NHL with neck protector
Games a joke.
No pc lmao, another copy and paste game
I never played because it isn't on PC, but I love watching the NHL and would love this game
PC????
Goal scoring just got easier, and old features being introduced as new typical
Hitting players into the bench and breaking glass re-entering the NHL franchise and being branded as a new feature
Please make a PC Version!!!!
NHL 2015 10
Yeah! Lets just put a bunch of stuff in the game that no one asked for to make it worse! Yipee ea!!!
Хрень очередная расходимся😉
I'd love to play this game but PC gets snubbed every single year.
…. Be a ref mode still left
No PC version i have heard ? I guess I wont be playing lol.
Are there are Mestis and Jokerit?? The most important things
The fatigue and pressure system are a step forward , reward a player for out performing his opponent rather then the game go 2-1 with shots in favour 28-4   The risk reward for hitting and passing is a step too
Looks like they added nhl 2004 to nhl 23 loll
After whistle hits please and thank you
🔥🔥
Bring the game to pc
Looks great to me
My brothers and I play player lock on the same team.  So every year I always wonder if our ai controlled teammates will be as competent as the computer’s ai controlled players.
why does this feel like a game for little kids ?
WHERE PC??????????
The goalies look horrible especially on the gaudreau goal. 1st time in 13 years I'm not pre ordering or buying it at all. The game has been terrible since nhl 20. Last mediocre game was 19
Looks great, but why no PC version still? It's been 15 years. I was seriously looking forward to playing NHL 24 on my PC and now I'm seriously bummed. I really thought this was going to be the year, but no. I will still buy it for xbox, but honestly I was way more looking forward to playing this chilled out in front of my PC. A PC version of this would destroy everything else on Steam and would rocket to top of charts as an all-time best seller. It's boggles my mind why you guys don't see this potential and do it.
Ok ok you got me interested   This is a great start
What about a Field Pass for ULTIMATE Team?
Soooo they brought back the hitting mechanics they had in nhl 12 and claim it’s new? Nice. Please update drop in mode so we can choose sides when everyone drops bc they don’t get to be LW or only one team has a goalie. Just like it was in nhl 12. You could claim that’s all new too 😂
pathetic.  why they even took out hitting into bench and broken glass in 2008 lol
soooo still not on PC?
BRING THE ERSTE LEAGUE TO THE GAMEE!!!
Again... tic-tac-NO PC option.
Those goalie goal scrambles, are the auto or can we have use it manually ? As a goalie having the ability to choose the scramble would be massive
I feel like you guys find a new way to say the same thing every year.
Breaking the glass, a new feature they had in NHL 94
Bring NHL on pc👏 that’s what everyone want every year🙂
By "Revolutionized" you mean Re-added or Re-purposed, right?
I haven't play this game since 2012 and i just saw the way the player reach for the puck at 0:42 and it seems that the gameplay has not evolved since 2012...
Still no PC? Really?
LOL all these random "systems" and "features".  So many buzzwords haha just like every EA sports game.   Still no PC.  See ya next year folks.
Say what you will but those passing options/controls and game changing
so it's NHL23 with more Fluidity, gotcha lol  GJ Ea, another Dud 👏
Please make regular online versus cross play too!
and no PC version (again) while other sports games are on PC
I like the passing additions to the game for sure, that sounds great!  5:05 - they still have this celebration... lol it's been like 8 years!
94, 04, 14, now 24 expectations are high
They really just bring back things from older games and act like it’s so new and cool
BaP is the only reason I care about this series anymore. Looks like this will be another skipped year, maybe I'll pick it up at -50% sometime later in the season if I remember.
we need coach challenging
I love how some of the checks still look so non realistic. The EA way.
This game is so stale..
can the presentation and score bug finally change this year?
First thing you mention is something that released in NHL23 😂
Time to boycott ea
Still no GM Connected I see
No Franchise or Career Mode updates ? pls dont give me the same intro for the 4th year in a row when u start career mode.
Still no PC. Every year I hope to see it, and every year I’m disappointed.
This looks exactly like last year.  I used to buy this yearly but stopped 3 years ago because it felt like a waste of money, especially at $70.  From what I can see in the trailer, nothing new and small changes don’t change my mind on buying the new version.
E. A. SPORTS.  Game incomplete? EFF YOU, PAY US!
2:26 how unrealistic lol. horvat CANNOT do that.
We’ve come to a point in nhl gaming where EA is taking a passing mechanic from nhl faceoff 97 and acting like it’s new. 🙂🙂
All hail Cale!
I wish they’d let you choose how to split crowds into percentages 😔
BRING BACK HYBRID CONTROLS
Real goal songs? No? Pass.
Ffs bring back be a GM connected. We don’t need all these frills.
Cannot believe this game is not on PC/Switch.
PC?
Wow this give me a nostalgia feel of the early 2000's feel. Hopefully it isn't a disappointment !
I find it so funny that fans complain about the new game every year. I played NHL 22 and thought it was so much fun. Don’t know what you guys are expecting
Put NHL on PC already 😢
Add it to PC you cowards.
Looks better. But “new features” were in games 20 years ago.
I look forward to playing as a goalie in Be A Pro.
So basically we’re paying for a 60$ update with a new passing vision system which I’ll admit I like, goalie fatigue, a new goalie control system which I’ll admit is about time, and returning features that “used” to be part of the game, I’m still waiting with my arms crossed for customizable goalie helmets and jersey designs, until then thanks EA for the “update” can’t wait to see what surprises you have for us next year.
I want it on PC
Still not on pc..
RELEASE ON STEAM PLEASE
Now make it for the Wii. I’ve been playing NHL Slapshot for too long.
Those meters are so lame 😂
The passing button is a W
2:59 to 3:05 I cheered at the top of my lungs in happiness that I got a headache
Fix the servers first 😂
Bro the exhaust engine is already in yhe game lmao just doesnt have a meter to show it. NHL 23 AGAIN!
Sending players into benches and breaking glasses was in NHL 04. It ain't new. stfu EA.
Wow great detaild but too arcadey like i would love to put people through the glass but the passing with buttons and the stamina bar and things like that are too arcadey
No pc = not buying
Vision passing is gonna be a huge game changer
I bet my testies the stanly cup celly is the same. And alot of other things
The new goalie animations will be nothing more than glitchy
BASICLY 14 BUT WITH BETTER GRAPHICS
Not bad.  :) just out cross play in versus online mode
sorry to nag. but wasnt the over the bench hits and glass breaking already in old NHL
That pressure logo is real annoying on the ice and hard to see players in it
This is gonna get lost in the comments but I will say, I like how they focused on just the gameplay in this trailer instead of the usual antics we get when it comes to a reveal trailer every year. It is most likely a reach (and this may not age well) but perhaps EA could be taking a more serious approach at how they are with the NHL games going forward.
Hoping for this game to be different in the same way Leafs fans hope to win the cup year after year
Why do pucks still look like they weigh 10 lbs when they hit the net?
This is actually exactly what I hoped for. This might be the biggest evolution to gameplay since the skill stick
I just want to drive a zamboni. Where is that game, Feature
lol, all of these updates, and EASHL will still just be Elite 1's winning every game on 12 one-timers.
No way you guys added stuff for once
Are the Coyotes gonna be in front of 5,000 fans in the game too?
4:30 94 mode is coming back
And THAT'S how you reveal a gameplay trailer! Bravo EA ❤
Bro the only different thing about this is the hits no way I’m buying dis
EA, can you add the ability to add your own music for goal songs? Minor thing, but it would be funny to start a franchise with the Islanders and every time I score a goal, it could play "Even the losers get lucky sometimes..."
When does it cime to stores
Have some faith guys. Its a new dev team and they have only had this last year to get going. Id argue this is a pretty big W if they actually deliver on these features. They have also confirmed GM connected will be coming ideally within the next year or two so have some patience, id rather them fix issues with the game first then add the game mode than if they made minimal changes to the game and solely worked on reimplementing GM connected. With all that said this is EA and NHL so I am prepared for none of this to make it to release.
No PC option I guess im going another year without chel
Until this shows up on PC, I don't give a $#!7. Typical EA being EA.
Is this the year for a massive boycott? Force some changes and improvements.
Ok, but is it actually "harder" to score? or is it the same BS that works?
Yikes! Best part about this reveal is I don't have to feel so excited for release date.
Did it fix the fact that every time you poke checked you get a penalty?
Same scoreboard again ? Why am I not surprised I’m guessing we still won’t have official goal horns and songs ? And better crowd reactions to goals ..especially in the playoffs
So NHL 24 is bringing back things you could do 15 years ago like break the glass and hit a player into the bench….
Some promising additions. Hopefully there is much added to EASHL (new unlocks and customize options)  Please tell me this is the last NHL on the old gen.
Things look mostly great guys, only thing im noticing is some of the D men are doing the 23 thing where they skate backwards towards loose pucks, that gets fixed along with that frustrating "blow by AI" as ive labelled it and i think things could be pretty solid this year
Does anyone think it’s worth it
You can now put playets into the bench and break the glass... so nhl 13?
How come 10 years ago there were net physics.  Nowadays on new gen the nets are made out of concrete and the puck just bounces off the net
They ruin this game more and more every year. Cross-play is the only thing I heard that sounds exciting
Still usung the same goalie helmet designs. No customizations. I see the gameplay changes but no goalie helmet customizations. Same recycled stuff from years on
Ma volete mettere la lingua in italiano
Still no PC release? So disappointing.
Hey EA I know you guys put Makar on the cover but you guys do know that the Avs lost the series vs the Kraken right?
bro ima gonna be breaking all the glass
i pay 100 euro for this game, if you bring it on PC
I would love to see the return of coop online vs the CPU (ie: regular season/playoff modes but you can invite a friend).  They had it back in what, 2014 but removed it for next gen and I guess they make too much money from the HUT nonsense to care :(
i cant wait for this to release
Looks worse than 23 other than big hits. Waiting for that 65% off sale again for this one
Yet another game that could’ve been an update
Bring back NHL Hitz
Most expensive roster update in the business
So no pc. Unbelievable. I bet same will happen with UFC 5
PC`?
Oh ya this pressure system isn’t going to be bad at all. I’m sure it won’t be exploitable in any way either.  You can tell this is going to be a game where scores are always high with a bunch of these updates.
Only EA Sports proudly puts out trailers with jarring visible bugs 😂
Hopefully they fix these super long unskippable cut scenes in game this year or atleast shorten them.
Literally no new features, just gameplay improvements. Nice
When are you bringing NHL to PC? It's the only sports series still confined to consoles, and you'd have a ton of PC gamers excited to have NHL on PC again.
Well let's have a moment of silence for everyone playing franchise mode since the beginning of the game. They won't change anything againts this year. Greedy compagny who don't care about offline player not bringning any money. Time to boycott this shitty game 🎉
Hockey is so much fun to play
No PC release? I’ll check back next year I guess
I've been asking for Vision Passing for more than 10 years...wow thank you! The trailer wasn't bad at all..  Game modes next....hoping for a Franchise Mode update.
So truc is even stronger…
Can you please add more cut seems to be a pro
New animations and goalies get tired lol. $100
TONS OF WOW MOMENTS!!   That is what the shallow, fully paid and sycophant content creator and other shallow yes man/woman that a monopoly created.... it is happening in real time.
It doesn't show which consoles.. so does that mean that PC is defo out of it? Feel like ya(they'd be bragging about it otherwise)
Put the game on PC PLEASE
Still the net doesn't move.. Honestly?
Don’t go 4 the arcade play and look 👀 it will definitely be the end of EA NHL we want real game authentic as possible
So much better than nhl 23
Sending players into the bench and breaking the glass were already there but you removed them
Does anyone even play HUT?
I'm soo glad httig looks like it's op and goalies are even going to be worse plus aftergetting hit people will lose speed for a time looks like another power forward year 😅
EA NHL is a fail of a franchise I wish someone else made NHL
I like that breaking the glass is added. I will purchase as usual, let's hope its an improvement over 23's issues
So they just added stuff from older games that they took out. Great
I guarantee they haven’t fixed the exploit/cheese goals yet.
Puck hogs will abuse this
No PC ... No switch... No wonder your broke.
This is a joke right ? 😂
Sooo they made the goalies worse?
Can't wait for the steep discount on this game around november!
Come to pc plz
Looks more like NHL 2004
Literally only reason I'm getting it is because of Makar being on the cover 💀
No PC again(
Am I the only one thinking the pressure system will be broken ?
Feeling optimistic, seems to focus on important mechanics this year.
This game desperately needs a new engine. It's still old and clunky feeling.
can’t wait for the release of NHL 15 version 7.1
Omg this looks amazing!! Dump and chase!! I finally might not be able to gain the offensive zone easily!😮
Be a pro add full major junior szns back. Add world juniors, add echl in career
if this will relase on PC i will buy it!
Wow, dump and chase can be use to wear down the opponent?   That comment is about 1:14 into the presentation.  This actually passes QC to be pushed as a new features.  EA, you missed the point for 10 years now, officially!🎉
some animations have been used since the nhl 07. is it really that hard to do a complete overhaul? Also the crowd is still the same as in nhl 15
Still no PC version. Unacceptable.
Can we get new jumbotron animations its literally been the same since nhl 15
Funny how everyone complained about one touch passing being one for years, and EA said they didn't take it out, we have it back again?
Checks over the boards and shattering glass isnt new. Its a comeback feature
Growing up in school they said plagiarism was bad. Here I am each year buying a merely copy & pasted game every year.
Disappointed once again. Why can't yall put the game on PC. I don't want to buy a new console just to play NHL.
Hockey is fun to play
Give us connected gm mode !
The zone fatigue thing is cool but without the graphics on the ice
I like the new features…but it just doesn’t look right, like it took a step back in realism.
Wwwwwwww 😮
Bobrovsky's face not updated omfg
Not what i was hoping for but gameplay updates. especially when I played by myself alot am not to made with love multiplayer GM mode
Sounds incredible
Connected GM….
Seems like a simple reskin
Add outdoor games!
Please put this on pc. I miss playing nhl...
Sounds promising but so has other years and they failed. Will wait.for reviews. Goalie fatigue does not hold true for all goalies. Some get better.
So more old features back as new features hahahaha! Also loads more offensive tools but nothing for defense tools again. Guaranteed the game won't play anything like this 90% of the time haha.
It seems like they are turning skill stick into hybrid like one button to do the Michigan the passing is one of the face control because the game last year didn’t understand what you were trying to do with passing
And still not on pc.. Goddamn stupid!!! 😡👎
more things to do in be a pro would be nice. winter classics, coaches challenge, warmups, practice with team, better crowds.
Is it gonna be on pc already??
these goalies are flopping around like fish for no reason
When are you gonna add first person mode
First trailer in a very long time that didn't disappoint me. Glad I get a full two months extra this year where I'm not disappointed! Thanks, EA!
Can you invite friends from other consoles to join your WOC team or drop in or no?
Those goalie animations are horrrrrrrrrrible, omg. Are there any goalies at EA?
None of this means anything unless the wrap-around issue is fixed.
Pls remaster NHL 2014
Another year without a pc port :(
Honestly, we'd all be happy if the only thing they did was update rosters past may
It addresses a lot of issues I personally had with the game. Let’s see, I’m excited.
This is so unrealistic. Barkov never gets hit like that...
Idk
If you don't release it on PC you can put it right back up your butt.
Breaking glass and into the bench hits is all i needed, thanks Ea
Okay. I'm hyped again. Does anybody else feel like they are in an abusive relationship with EA?   "It will be different this time, baby. I've changed"
Where is PC????
I preordered my copy, I love sports so I can’t help myself
make it availible on PC dangit!!!!!
Not gonna lie. The new passing and goalie fatigue system looks excellent.
A world jrs for be a pro would be nice.
No pc release? It’s like the simplest thing the community is asking for
Will there be crossplay in versus mode?
Worst nhl yet
“You can now send players into bench and break the glass!”  You mean the feature you took out years ago and are now adding back right?
BRING BACK GM CONNECTED OR ONLINE FRANCHISE OR WHATEVER THE HECK YOU WANT TO CALL IT!
Tešíme sa👍👍👍. Hrám s týmom AVS❤❤❤
I better be able to remove those retarded on ice graphics
Not on PC yet again. You're missing on sales here EA. If Madden can be on PC, NHL can be as well.
Looks awsome
I see they’re readding features they took out again. Hitting into the bench, breaking the glass etc
3:02 Finally it’s back!!!!!!! Haven’t seen this since Chel 14
Reduce all your expectations. Its going to be worse than before
Time to try VR Hockey Reborn
finally we don’t have to pass with the analog stick anymore 😅
new commentary and improved presentation along with what we see here and I'm sold.
" you can now send players into the bench and break the glass with hits"  Another example of an old feature brought back as "new" 🤦‍♂️😂
Love how they try to make hitting into the bench and breaking glass seem like a new feature 💀
I cant wait for close quarter 1t and beauty back hand to be overpowered again
Please release this on PC. I haven't had a console in years but I miss playing chel with the boys
I am stoked for nhl 24
This better be avaiable on PC
NHL 23 was ok. Visually incredible, but nowhere as fun to play as NHL Slapshot.  That game had crazy hits, cheesy announcers, great soundtrack, and clear goal replays.  Hopefully NHL 24 is more fun 🤞
How about presentation, replays, and fighting? Those have been terrible for years
Until cross roster sharing is put in I won’t be buying any more NHL games
Can the net actually move when the puck hits it? Is this really too much to ask?
So you can land big hits but the more u do it the more u will likely get in a fight they havent said anything about that...
So, they've decided to just show ice tilt to you now, instead of having it as that thing you can't see that pisses you off each time you play.
this looks great
Pre game warmups, the old pre game intro showing the aerial view of the city and arena, transitioning to the commenters in the booth. Be a pro will most likely be the exact fuckin replica again. Same bs intro out in the alps or the cotty or whatever the hell in the mountains. Take off the mandatory interviews which slows down be a pro and truly makes it unplayable. It’s ridiculous.
So nothings changed then guess I’m not buying the game
might be a w for once
Please just tell me that when u win a face-off in the oppositions zone you have more then 000000.1 sec to pass the puck before the other team gets to you? I've never seen that in the nhl and it is in ever single ea sports hockey game smh
Give us this on PC want an actual game changer? Something that will make people buy? PUT IT ON PC!!
Icon pass, one touch passing, 2 generation of console waiting for those two simples but soo much needed features.
Same simple models, textures, animations, lightning
For all the haters out there right now, yes I agree they still are lacking some features we have been dying for. But in the same breath, this is still the largest gameplay mechanic step forward in probably years. These are not game breaking mechanics but actually solid QoL additions to make it feel more like you're playing a game of hockey. Im going to be optimistic on this one.
I'll give them credit for sending players into the bench and being able to break the glass. Besides that not much besides the cool checks.
No Gm connected= not buying the game
Honestly just blessed cross play is finally here, about time, also one touch passing seems cool
I hope they've added more commentary... Enough of goal!! Ya the shooter was in a great spot. Great assist from the passer and the goal tender had no chance... Can we not use real names sometimes? Or even with top 100 players? I also want when its a rout to have the home crowd leave early if it's game over. And when I score, does the arena score board have to show the goal right away? Does the guy have his finger on the button the whole time? Lol
This actually looks promising for once
we just forget about be a gm mode?
Great so now the CHEL players with the builds that you can't knock them off the puck get a huge boost due to the "high pressure". Gonna be another let down this year boys.
When are you bringing back cosmetic damage from fights?  I miss the days of seeing black eyes, etc...
Reintroducing things that been in the game before is a nice jedi mind trick. It be nice to see if any work was done on offline modes. NHL is a terrible online game for many players, it be nice to see if we don't get the cut and paste job for offline modes that been the same for a decade.
PC...
Liked how they show the “Instinct system” as something new when they used to have that same thing in NHL 14
W
This actually made me excited. Sounds like EA is finally going for a more reslistic gameplay that favours skill more! I really hope I wont get dissapointed again…  Old gen was the worst Era of EA hockey in terms of gameplay.
GM Connected? No? Another year, another $65 that will stay in my wallet. Thanks!
Need a new commentator💀and we got health bars now?💀🤣
They need to re do the be a pro story and add to franchise mode
So all goalies are going to look like Dominik Hasek 😂 I have to admit those hits looks nice, but they were nice too in NHL 2004 20 years ago so I wouldn"t call it "revolutionize checking" just because they added a fatigue system
Once again adding features that you took out before and you want some kind of pat on the back for that and STILL no PC or Switch release. Not going to buy this year.
Can you please put in an nhl  all star game in franchise? Voting and all?? Also extend it past 25 years....pleaseeeeeeeeee
bring it to PC for faq sake?
Thank you thank you thank you thank you for bringing back bench hits and broken glass🔥
Can we get authentic goalie masks???
I can actually say that this is progress in the right direction.. it seems that way at least. Looks great! Can’t wait to play
Finally goalie gets needed improvements!
Bro nothing for be a pro or be a ref????
All old heads in here are just button mashers 😂
ITS THAT TIME OF YEARRRRRR
Let's hope the servers can actually handle cross play
Please add AHL to be a pro.
Not going to lie, they do improve the mechanics every year. But EA you need to listen to the players. We want glitch goals fixed, we want HUT fixed, we want a Pro Clubs mode in NHL. Better modes in general, GM connected.
I wish theyd go deep into editing the arenas and fans, its been the same for the past 10 years lmao
Will this be on switch?
EA please give us French play by play commentary!!!!!! It’s overdue and hockey is religious here in Canada… I have bought all your games in m console .. Please make it happen!
As a goalie main in EASHL 3v3 please don't make me relearn everything 🤣
I love how you showed dekes that have been in the game for years lol I just see recycled features yet again.
5:05 love to see NHL 24-trailer feature the same animation they've had since like NHL 16. Keep doing you EA
Did you fix the replays? Or the stick lift? Or just skating cross crease and scoring everytime? You guys brought back features, like checking into the bench, and broken glass which we are all thankful for. But you need to stay on top of your game. You jever fixed the replays, stick lift, or coming across and scoring forehand everytime. Somebody needs to be on top of updating the game. Unlike 22/23... i will keep my expectations down for now.
“yOu CaN nOw SeNd pLaYeRs iNtO tHe BeNcH AnD BrEaK ThE gLaSs”  Truly groundbreaking and never been done before
Took out one touches just to add them back *NEW*
Nice! I'm excited to play this with my son as always :)
still no pc
The Presentation is a make or break for me.
Whoever did the goalie animations is terrible lol the goalies look like bear league flopasaurous Rexs. I mean a few times a game is fine
Wait is this actually going to be worth it? Please give us a demo
Hockey fans get shifted more than fifa fans
I think this is cool
This update is pretty sick. Iv'e been waiting to tackle over the benches
0:16 can’t believe I am watching this expecting things to be different.
I'm sure, "Be a pro" off-line could be way better with little effort .
I really hope they made it easier to body check. In the past few games I would connect perfectly with someone and I would either just bump into them and they would just fall over and cart themselves or nothing would happen at all
в общем ничего интересного
still no gm connected lol
Another year, another no purchase of NHL for me. Would love to purchase the product, unfortunately EA still lives in the dark ages of console gaming. Not buying another EA product until they put NHL back on PC.
where gm online
Goalie fatigue..... sounds like goalies are gonna be even worts than before and defenseman still can't play normally☠️☠️☠️☠️💩💩💩💩💩💩
Until you bring this series to PC/Steam, this is worthless to a lot of gamers.
No PC, No buy.
Začal jsem v roce 1993 a stále pokračuji 😀
“We’ve added one touch passes” lmao
far upgrade comparate to fifa 24
just combine ps4 and ps5 you dummies
why dont add pc??
Probably the best nhl here ! Alor of excellent features
Imagine removing something as basic as broken glass animations, hip checks, and hitting guys into the bench literally 10 years ago and then acting like it's some great new feature hahaha
It looks the same as 22 and 23
Any update to the offline modes?
fix fighting
PC version please
Wow another hockey game that looks the same as the other ones
Release these games on PC already!!
"You can now send players into the bench and break the glass" I think you mean we can finally do it AGAIN
I’d like to play on PC
“You can now send players into the bench and break the glass” that’s funny cause that was in the game before and then they took it out. But now it’s a new feature again!!
Why would you split the online player pool between generations?
Is there a world junior team Canada Sexual assault scandal option in career mode?
4:13 - Uhh... when did they REMOVE one-touch passing? The most recent I have is NHL 14 and I'm 99% positive one-touch is in that game. Why would they have removed such a simple feature in the first place?
Still not gonna buy it but definitely some needed improvements were made
actual improvement ohhhhhhhhh , but I don't think shattering glass is new :P
Long story short, this game is just a roster update.
no pc no buy
I don’t think nerfing goalies is what the game needed 😅 hopefully goalie fatigue is a slider
It looked like the goalie just dive alot instead of actually being square to the puck
this is great and all but will my banned EA account from NHL 23 reset for NHL 24 🤔😂
Wish we could layout goalies again lol
Let’s get PC, Xbox, and ps together! It’s ridiculous I can play other games with my friends and never an EA sports game
Maybe I’m the only one here but what about Be an NHL pro, like be a current or old player to play there careers would be sick.
Not enough
“We’ve added the ability to break glass, hit into the bench, and one touch passes” …  WHY DID YOU TAKE THEM OUT YEARS AGO
Almost every goal, the goalie was flopping in their new animations. I hope that's not a constant thing in the game
so they played nhl hitz? haha
Being able to do the Michigan by just pressing Y or some of the other moves by a single tap of a button is so bad
Wow we can break the glass again lol.
Now put it on PC cowards
Based on this trailer, NHL 24 at least looks like a “wait until it goes on sale Black Friday” game.
HEY EA CAN WE PLEASE HAVE NHL ON PC - STOP MAKING US BUY STUPID CONSOLES.  THANKS.
Thanks for watching 🙏 Click the link in description to learn more and pre-order NHL 24! Stay tuned for more trailers coming soon 👀
Oh look, it's everything you got in NHL 10-14 that we've been begging for over the past decade.
I recently switched from mainly playing Be a Pro to single player HUT and it opened my eyes up to how bad this franchise really is.  It could be great, but there's too many of the same bugs year after year.  Your center and wings on the PP and PK are reversed for some reason, you auto-start games with all team strategies in the extreme defense, harder modes just mean making your teammate AI do ridiculous things, the packs are a rip off (please never use real money).  I'm sure there's way more, and I'm sure all of that is going to stay exactly the same.
They really peppered Barkov… I don’t think I’ve seen him get decked once in his career
Is this 1998? Icon passing = Zero skill
Fix the EASHL playoff format.
WHEN will you add goalie mask editing?!
Please improve franchise experience and bring back GM connected….. other EA game line madden have it
Same old regurgitated BAP, focused on HUT because of all these idiots that spend hundreds of $$ on packs. 🥱🥱🥱
So we getting the PC version back ever or what like cmon...
If we don’t get any franchise mode updates…
I know we will never get first prrson
JUST GIVE US PC VERSION and GG
How is net not moving after decades ? It's too hard to add physics to do moving net after shot ?
Still no pc so it doesn’t exist
W
Boooo
Same sh*t with new animations only... If EA would rather put effort to change that stupid AI which in most cases are holding predefined positions or skating directly to you
Looks like alot of the same. Not convinced 24 will be much different then 23
Literally looks like previous game...
Guessing it won’t come to the switch again…
WE NEED TO PLAY IN DIFFERENT LEAGUES IN BE A PRO MODE. Wanna play in Europe the while career!!!
I’m excited about breaking glass and into the bench hits being back, but you can’t act like it’s a revolutionary feature EA, those things were in your own games on the 360 and PS3…
Will this be coming to PC finally?
Sustained pressure system sounds like a fancy term for ice tilt.
Just as long as I don't boot up BAP and hear, "That's some expensive pond hockey!" for the 5th year in a row...
Makar wrecking guys!
I really wish they would bring back the Create-A-Play. That feature added so much strategy. Even if it’s only for offline mode. 🏒 🥅
Please release on PC and the number of players will go up exponentially!
I was disappointed with NHL22, bought 23 and was dead set on skipping NHL24. Holy hell, they are going to steal my money once again.
This game is like an abusive relationship at this point that I keep going back to
Just drop Skate already ffs.
"Total control skill moves" "Introduces a whole new control setup"  Or, you know, reintroduces back what they took away a couple years ago. But sure ;)
The bench hits are sooooooooo overdue but dang it I'm so pumped they're here
Why do we still not have GM connected?
This is a great and all but no switch ,EA you need to change this.
If only I could play this on my PC/steam deck, but EA is too incompetent to make that happen
Am I the only one who thinks the goalies diving all over the place looks so dumb. They don’t make those saves on every single rebound attempt yet in every video shown here they’re are flopping all over the place.  Also typical ea adding back glass breaking and hitting into the bench like they didn’t already have it. and took it out for no reason.
This is fire. Honestly best reveal trailer in years. Lots of new stuff and more to come I’m sure
Next Gen Xbox Players WoZ Prospects v75 is out Over 280 missing players All 1st and 2nd round 2023 players on Nhl Teams All free agency moves Upadates every 3 to 5 days all summer long
I stopped playing NHL 23 right after TOTY, should i even bother with this or????????????
Gonna have to relearn how to play with all these new controls. Lets goooooo
Anyone know if there will be HUT offline 82 game season?  Not buying the game until I can do HUT offline.
How about giving us dedicated servers for EASHL. Why would I want to play on a different ping then my opponent, literally so dumb.
I like it. Looks like they really tried to pay attention to gameplay so let’s see
Introduces cross play, but still no PC…? I guess I’ll stick to NHL09.
When will there be a PC port
🗑️
Finally some improvements to the goalie play.  I'd still like to see a POV goalie camera.  IMO, trying to see the puck and keep an eye on where the goalie is in the crease is what makes it so difficult.
Another year, another release without PC 😪
Absolutely nothing again
This looks dope I love how goalies actually have a chance now but I need gm connected
I hope they made the AI better. Also I wish you can select the color of your player circle. Not holding my breath, I’m about to abandon EA all together
@easportsnhl I cant wait for nhl 24 just give me the platesc code for Xbox series x
One thing what I'd love is that you could import your Be A Pro player from the previous game and continue your career, instead of starting out all over again in every single game
Just keep improving the gameplay thats all i care about make it feel like hockey
The passing is cool but I think ea really needs to start listening to what the fans want more.
That looks amazing!! What a beautiful job you guys did! Just fantastic, well done, EA!
Looks like they finally admitted there’s code to reduce stats, ice tilt was real this whole time
Hoping for more new cut scenes also
Vision passing was in NHL 2K5... and EA is introducing it in 2023-24
Hello, why don't you do on pc.. ☹️ You do almost all other sports, having hockey on pc with my steam deck would be a hell of a job....!!! 😍
Cool
maybe give it a couple more years..
I’m so hyped!! This looks like the best NHL game since NHL 14!!
Still no net mesh physics!! Thats frustrating. The puck just hit the net and stop moving it is ridiculous. The net is supose to be fluid so we can feel that it really went in. Is that so difficult to do EA????
Каждый год одно и тоже... 😢
If sticks still go in the boards im disappointed.
Forever waiting for a PC port
Is it the same be a pro intro? With the same stupid conversations
I'm honestly excited but I know by now not to get too excited. I will say I'm disappointed to hear Cross play still isn't cross play. I wanna be able to play PS5 with my PS4 friends.
So no PC then? That's crazy
only can hope for next year pc version :)
Please tell me the commentators have been changed
I'd love to play this on the go. I think a Switch version would be possible. There are barely any hockey games on there. But if not, at least a PC version for the Steam deck would be great...
So goalies couldnt stop a beach ball in 23. Guess in 24 it's raining beachballs
My favorite thing back in nhl breaking glass. Maybe too much stuff on the ice tho
Didnt get 23 and not getting 24. There comes a point in life where you have to let go of toxic relationships to succeed. And boy i feel like a new man not buying this!
please release NHL to the PC like FIFA... I'm not buying a console just to play NHL
Istg ea this better not be doctored
Bring it back to PC please 😭
I can’t wait to play!!! Hope EA doesn’t disappoint!! 🤞🏻
It's so cool the way you added an exhaustion engine that has existed in previous games and called it a new feature. One that would be entirely unnecessary if your existing STAMINA attribute actually did anything. Literally 90% of the new features here are things that previously existed in NHL games that you removed long ago... Is next year's big NEW feature going to be the ability to customize your gm office? Maybe having separate phones for trades...
21 straight years of purchasing this series will finally end. Dissapointing game year after year
Bring back audio in the replay.....
I cannot stand how when you're making team adjustments the thing disappers every time it goes to a new screen. I always mess up my adjustments because of that.
Looks like it's going to be too arcade like...I hated 23 when it came out now I don't think it's so bad...the fairy dancers are going to love the pressure thing
I already see a possible issue the Vision Passing System - you only have 4 buttons assigned to pass, which means when you pass to player assigned to 'B' the player who made the pass now becomes player assigned to 'B'. If I now pass it to player assigned to 'A' the player who passed it (who was originally assigned to 'B') is now assigned to 'A' and becomes very confusing making many quick passes. Don't mess up a simple feature EA - let us assign 5 buttons to pass.
Imagine showing game mechanics that are already available in previous games, and act as if they're a totally never-seen-before addition.
The best nhl I've seen so far
meh...all of this should have been in there a long time ago.
If I'm cocked for a one-timer, and the pass misses me, will I still auto-shoot the puck when I try to retrieve it from the corner?
Really wish they improved the crowd and arena screens.
Another year of renaming old features and treating them as new
Cool that they’re bringing back the break the glass feature that was in the game 18 years ago
Pls bring it to pc PLEASE
It’s going to take even longer to get up from big hits? It already takes 30 seconds to get back in the play… 🙄
Cant wait for people to find out all the glitch goals day one and  only score using glitch goals. Its way more fun to skate straight at the goalie cut to ur forehand taking away all ur angle just to shoot the puck on goal line and snipe it everytime . Whooooooooooooooo baby ea sports its in your wallet. 69.99 please
Judging on the passing buttons, I feel like the PC port is coming in the next years. There's hope
The AI. Will ruin this game
No one should have their expectations high at all, unless it's a remake of Nhl 14 I'm not buying this cheese
Fights have left the chat
Your already can’t knock people off the puck while playing defence. How with the pressure system. Your defence is going to be too dead too move. Terrible.
PC PC PLEASE EA
for pc please..ffs..i know it didnt happen...
Every year EA adding new animations, skill stick, instinct system blah blah blah and the game still feels the same…
EA adding back breaking the glass and bench hits wow kinda reminds me of NHL 13
0:03 okey, take all my money
Looks the same from last year
Reintroducing old features that you took out of old games doesn't make it new.
Still no winter classic is crazy come on EA!!!
Now just make it available for pc
Looks like the same exact game as last year
glad to see bench hits are back, but still hoping for the old pregame scenes from like nhl 13 with warmups, and the winter classics, and the ability to play in the all star game (and maybe the skills comp) in BAP
Bro we got the most changes since nhl 18 and yall actin like its the worst game ever
Pros: Net-Front Scrambles and rebound goals Cons: Everything else still seems like same old arcade-style hockey
Great. F**king great, another reason for all these wanna be top players ragging in the O zone for 90% of the game
How about the in-game presentation being turned back on. That is the only game changer we need
Did you fix the 100 bugs in career mode?  Maybe should start there.
delej dej si pytel jirko
nhl 23 looks nice
So no pc?
Okay EA, I'll bite
Just can’t allow myself to get hyped for this lol… all I want is basic improvements (e.g., could we see the highlight of a goal for more than 3 seconds - if at all lol?) Just once I’d love to be pleasantly surprised by EA.
Sending players into the bench and the glass was in NHL 12... we had this 12 years ago, stop acting like its new. One touch passing also used to be a thing...
jesus, it looks worse then 23, it looks like an archade game. (honestly tho, still kinda hyped and it does look like more effort was put into this then in 23, its a step in the right direction)
So still no new goalie masks... any word about presentation...   If EA dont give me back the FULL presentation i will be realy angry
Those look like legit saves and cover ups by the goalies. I like that a lot.
They gonna disappoint and we still gonna buy lmao, same thing every year
Bench hits and broken glass. Adding back things that were in the game 10 years ago is considered new I guess.
PC release plsssss
Hip checking being back looks elite the hip checking in 23 blows no where near as effective as in the past
What, no banner mode? That would be helpful, especially in create a team mode. Also for goalie masks, instead of generic color and design masks, you could create your own, that could also work in create a team or player mode as well.
Update the goal horns please
unfortunately the game will not be like this
Are these changes for both new and old gen?
The only nice new thing is breaking the glass...
So they added everything that made old nhl games entertaining and then made it cross platform
Wow I’m so excited… can you tell just by the magnitude of that sentence
So when we are getting pc version?😄
Nope
fine im in again.
People can’t say they didn’t make changes this year
I’m worried about the reverse hit. Let’s see if that’s this years spam
Arcade hockey not real hockey anymore
this actually seems like a substantial step forward I can not believe it!
Mid, you did my goat Megan Keller dirty
I love how they advertise the goalie win celebration that’s been there for centuries
They legit added a lot I’ll play this one
Can we get authintic goal horns and songs please?
Stuff I want NCAA , More X factors , better haircuts on be a pro , better overall ratings , Khl and for them to fix the hack goals
А ГОУ НА ПК АВАНТЮРНО РЕЛИЗНЕШЬ ИГРУ??
everybody acting like it’s the trailer for the whole game bro just read the title
Wow I am actually surprissed that are a lot of gameplay changes. And they seem  logic and great. Let's see how they feel ingame
Happy to see some interesting fearures for a more authentic and fun experience.  Still very disappointed about Franchise Mode. Hope they improved it at least a bit and got us some updates.   How about proper stats, recent streaks, next big player milestone, etc.  Trading, scouting and development need to be improved. Also staff management is painfully bad.
Anything new for Franchise Mode???!
Nhl 24 ps4 nhl ea sports
I stopped playing because they axed full game mode and condensed everything, so there were no replays, stat breaks or anything interesting. Hopefully, they've fixed that.
Someone could easily make a much better hockey game.
Please let me customize my goalie helmet. I don’t need to have logo imports and crazy stuff like that. I just want to be able to color all the different sections like I can my goalie pads. Also looks promising
Broken glass & sending a player into the bench isn’t new EA. You took it out of the game years ago & now you’re trying to tout it as a new feature. But I know better.
Bring the nbc sports broadcasting back
Dont buy people !!!!
What! I saw only one referee, wheres the other one and the linesmans
When you rock them will they actually be hurt
broken glass and hits into the bench aren't new features. they are old features removed from the game that are now returning...
Ready to be disappointed.  Let's go.
Yo that crowd hasn’t missed a game since 2015 🤯
So , as a solo player , nothing about seasons , franchise , be a pro , or even threes......  2nd year in a row I'll skip it
im just wondering, was that all or are we getting like something to show some new gamemode features or are there none, cause i wanted something for be a pro?
You forgot to give a PC option on your website.
GM CONNECTED PLEASE 🙏🏻!!!!
Well there is one thing that we wanted and they did add it Breaking the glass
Looking forward to the $70-$90 roster update!!!
They don’t care about offline players😐
Ill have a team full of Mo Seiders reverse checking everyone on hut
looks ok but 90$ 😬
What a bad update lol, adding features you removed earlier. When is PC coming? When are you updating francise mode? What about be a pro?
Why ppl actin like its the only trailer😂
No gm connected still lmaooo
Wow, the player indicators look like I remember in the early 2000s. With the circle at the bottom of the player. Pretty nostalgic
How is this not on PC yet. I sold my console years ago and I tune in every year with a little hope.
I’m so pumped for this game
Yeah… this looks more like a patch guys lol
Still waiting for a great NET TENSION settings, like in FIFA. It could be much more realistic than this.
The first update will make the game completely different as they do every year. NHL 23 had an entirely different feel when it first came out to what I feels like now.
Where is the warmups and winter classic
But will it be on PC?
Put the nhl live game moments back it  was like a story mode i liked it!
This game is not even worth it man. There's not even a new game mode
NHL 23 except now you can hit people into the bench & break the glass lmao
Holy mid. Like wow. I feel like all of this will make the game worse
looks bad fr
I really hope you can send yourself over the boards by missing your check
I might just have to pre order this
So no Career mode improvements?
Price tag? Update: Swedish price 850kr which is equivalent to 85 dollars
I’m just gonna download whoever updates the rosters in nhl 23💀
Okay, EA, I’m interested in the new game. The main thing is that innovations are not added on top of the old shortcomings.
Saw the goalies already make the same diving save about 5 times in this trailer
YO THIS GAME IS ACTUALLY FIRE🔥🔥🔥
PC WHEN BROOOO
Nothing about presentation the same boring bland but pretty looking series. Haven’t bought a copy since NHL 17. I’ll hope for next year.
actually gave us improvements. Love me some over the bench hits
Needs cross gen
Finally, hip checks and checking into the bench is back
We need goalie injuries. And real goalie masks. Or just add more of them so we can choose something different. Or a creator of goalie masks would be nice
The expected addition under the guise of a new game, is that all you could do in a year?Don't like.
It’s so bad they don’t care about there offline players😐
No PC again. The community is so small and they still won't do the PC port. Shame on you.
Nice to see you’re able to hit guys into the bench and break the glass again, I love the new pressure system and the overall style of play, should be sick!
You guys cry about this and now it’s even better
No PC = No BUY !!!!! Please guys dont be stupid and stop buying their fake games!!!
Ah yes let’s bring back features that were in older games but call them “new” and then take features that were already in the game and call them “new” or “improved” the gameplay trailers are always such a joke.
The gameplay look way more fun but im not getting hype before i try it...cause ea is ea
So like, when is it coming out lol?
this is sad... new features are just features that were ripped away. Players over board and breaking glass aint NEW
Ok now lets see if people will actually pass more. Answer no.
Not buying this game, can wait until EA goes back to roots brings realistic fysics back. There is no defending in this game, i bet AI players have 0 clue how to defend just like they do in 23. Not going to buy. Hope EA gets competition to their monopoly and soon.
Available on PC!?
Any Be a Pro overhaul?
So you have done nothing to be a pro mode nice way to disappoint yet again I’m tired of James cybulski and all of the interviews for no reason
skipping pc again KEK
No changes to be a pro or anything else is crazy
Sorry, but what about puck rag fatigue system? I get controlling the play offensively yet the offense on the ice constantly cycling the puck eventually gets fatigued in real life. Please pray for that real life feature or else it's lights out for puck possession if Defense only position losing energy in own zone.
So nothing about Franchise or Be A Pro
The post sound has been the same since 2005 for god’s sake
Finally some big changes excited goalies got a new system
It looks a bit better, but 80$ for hits that send people to the bench is a bit much
I like where this is going but no new modes, no be a pro, this is just 5 minutes. Lacking content again! I appreciate the gameplay improvements but that's all what they are, improvements.
Половина из этого уже была, половина должна была быть уже давно. Мне нравится как ЕА ежегодно расписываться в несостоятельности предыдущей версии игры
mixed feelings
Collision and shooting physics still look pretty awful. Getting up slower after a big hit is going to be really fun in EASHL now when teams load up their xfactors with body checking
That behind the back no look Aho pass from behind the net!
This is awesome
Holy W let’s go 😤
For the first time in ten years in seems like they changed the body checking animations and the puck’s sound effects
No X factor?
This looks awesome
Finally pc ? From 2009? Comeooooon EA
Tell me the despo moves are gone please
Bench hits, broken glass, im in.
I think its gonna be a new thing especially for goalie nice job ea sports🔥🔥🔥
New ice tilt feature 💀💀💀
People still gonna complain after they get what they want. Brand new gameplay features, hits in the bench and broken glass. Cross play. STOP COMPLAINING KIDS
holy Ws
That sounds awesome!😎
Please update Be a Pro
I’m so happy nhl made the changes we wanted 😃 thank you ea!!
This could be the huge change this game needs or it destorys it. I'm torn but can't wait to find out
Wait did I see an outdoor feature?
Looks great! Looks like fun is more in to it! We want physical! Remeber all of us who watched 80’s-90’s hockey!
MASSIVE DISSAPOINTEMENT
I dont know about the pressure
Ngl that improved hitting system was way overdue
Sooo two cool but small features.. that’s it
Intesting
🔥🔥🔥
THIS IS SIIIICK
This doesn’t make up for nhl 23
W
YOOO
W
Breaking the glass and over the bench-nhl 14😐
“You can NOW send players into the benches and break the glass”… so adding old stuff back in is NEW? 💀💀💀
I want real goals songs
MY PRAYERS CAME TRYE
BREAK GLASSSS!!!
I wanted actual scrums not just two ppl fighting but like a line brawls-playoff type stuff
“New x-factors”
Why they dissin my boy barkov
0 hitting in this game, why dont you call it ringette league.0 realism. .
Digital boards
Ready for another disappointment
W then
I want to see more focus on franchise mode! and adding cool new features like coaches challenge, winter classic, etc
Please dont dissapoint us this time
Here we go fellas time to be disappointed
Everyone shh
Lemme guess another copy and paste?
Lettttts Gettttttttt Itttttttttttt
Lets'goo
I mean, it can't get any worse than 23 so there's no place to go but up!
My man Cale making the cover!!!!! #GoAvsGo
Commentateur français
🙏🙏🙏🙏
Be prepared to be disappointed
Ouiiiii
Pls be an update to be a pro
I don't know how it's possible, but with all technologies and everything, EA is the only company that has been able to make the game worse time after time.
will you reveal the release date
Expeditions low cautiously optimistic
Who’s ready for disappointment
Daniel the alkis
It’s gunna be similar as last year
Next month, it will be 10 years since the last great EA NHL game, NHL 14, was released
lfg
Irene!!!!!!!!!!!🔥
Top
I really hope they brought back online seasons and franchise modes. This is a huge missing feature
If u haven’t added pewee to pro yet I would recommend adding that through the next 2 minutes
This game better be half decent
I hope mcdavid is a 99 😂😅
So hype to be disapointed
NHL 23 WILL BE SICK
Heard cross play is offical
Bunch of Pigeons running that show in Vancouver. What a Bust.
For the first time in many games, I have my expectations somewhat high. Please EA do not disappoint.
Enjoy the game. Wins aren't easy to come by.
Make the ai harder to play against and bring the game to pc
and add more helmet customization instead of just having set helmets make it so you can put a fishbowl or cage on a bauer or ccm helmet instead of the base one
get rid of the michigan
co-op in pro am
I skipped 23 but I'm ready to be hurt again
WOC better be lit
Me seeing the reveal on 22 😢
Me seeing the reveal on 22😢
Ready to get fooled again !
I hope the trailer is really bad because I know the game will be and I don't want to get my hopes up.
And still no co-op back on hut i bet.
PLEASE REVAMP NHL 23 sucked and this comes from a true fan
I swore it said 10am no?
5:22 long wow
I am excited
HYPE
I’m scared
EA Hockey team please give us a HUT practice arena which includes the ability to customize strategies and advanced statistics tracking for our HUT teams
I'll continue to play NHL23 till Christmas and buy 24' for half price. I'm tired of buying glorified updates.
Gimme that glass breaking animation when you ice the puck and board the goalie lol… miss that a lot
Logo creator/ importer🤞  Stadium creator 🤞 ECHL in franchise 🤞 Franchise that doesn’t crash🤞  All would be awesome but I doubt any happen
Bring it to PC please
Plan the parade for another roster update that costs 80$
Bring back broadcast settings
I hope it doesn’t disappoint!
I can’t wait to be Disappointed again
I'm sorry, and I'm ready to watch 😃
It has to be insane every one got big expectation
I heard there changing up world of chel
Stars
Dallas
Go
Lets
Hi
Go back to old EASHL with in arena games. Not a fan of the outdoor games
Just less glitch goals. Wrap around far side post should not be automatic!
Can’t wait to be let down again!
So hyped
put it on the computer
For me I hope they scrapped the commentary team or at least the play by play guy
Lol
Sooon
If we can get cross play roster sharing or at least a be a pro update I’ll be satisfied
Same re-release again?
I heard gm connected is back i hope its true. Ill be so happy.
Oh yeah… why did they take away the lines on the ice and their current energy levels??  We get them back randomly but our competition is ALWAYS showing… makes no sense!! Keep up the great work Sleeves 👍😎🥅💪
Sleeves love your honest transparent feedback which also helps us weed through the comments made by the developers!! BIG ITEM ** Are we ever going to get to the point where we can change line ups mid game… bench a player… replace a player more well suited for the team we are currently playing??? Being locked into our pregame choice of players may be not the best option looking back but if we could at least switch around player lines at the very least that would give us the feel of playing real hockey 🥅… we can switch goalies how about players???
Please don't live up to my expectations.
More levels!!
Come on ea sorter nous quelque chose de bon
In!
im gonna trolling you once again game after game week after week
Prediction is nothing changes they won’t bring winter classics be a ref custom sticks nothing
Please franchise mode make it like FIFA or something Practice/drills for ever mode? First person eashl  Bring rollerblades and orange puck for some street hockey maybe? Invite nhl players to practice with etc
Make a thing similar to 2ks Park, where its either on an ODR or in a park with roller blades and a neon hockey ball, where you hop on, AI Goalies, and you play a quick game first to 5 or 10
Hoping for the mullet arena
update the crowd, its been the same since nhl 15
We need better menus, the UI in NHL games is so bad
Hopefully, we get a Nintendo Switch version this time.
Trailer is 5 minutes long!!
Really hoping for something new the WoC copy and paste last year was unacceptable. It needs an overhaul. The rewards are copy and paste too. Pretty sad. With next gen consoles you have so much potential to take full advantage of the hardware, so take full advantage!
Will pre orders come out after the trailer is over
I hope they made playing goalie better and more fun
If we get warmups and some type of new mechanic I’ll be happy… also I’m hoping for being able to play in the ohl/ahl in be a pro like the old days
Please add the NCAA would make franchise and Be A Pro so much more real. Id love to get drafted to the NHL after playing at Michigan
Odds that this game is a $70 roster update?
Ban the wrap around😵
Not gonna lie, ref career mode would be sick
Can't wait
$70 update here we go again.
Ready to be disappointed by Be A Pro again, bring it on
Kps im ready nhl 24 send my code beta please I play from Colombia and the servers are far away waiting for new ultimateteam card content
Just replicate NBA2k23...how hard can it be
Better goal net physics
To be honest I thought Matthew Tkachuk would be on the cover I guess Makar is fine with me
EA never fails to disappoint me why change this year
How much for standard ?
“Expect disappointment and you won’t be disappointed” -Zendaya😂
There better be major changes to be a pro
New original p.a -announcer, new Scoreboard, more Pregame and Intro. But i know, its far away 😊
the commentators are you the same as last year ??
dude i’m exited to finally get out of nhl 22. i wanted a new one for so long
In game players to have the ability to pull the puck in close to avoid offside calls
Please do ref mode
Let’s go
Will we actually have better facial features were players actually look like themselves? Better defensive back checking? Better goalie AI? Better AI overall? Classic winter games? Better checking? Better stick lifts were I don’t automatically get called every time. better poke checking were the skater doesn’t look like a stiff rag doll tripping over my stick? So all and all better everything… take it back to NHL 14 if you can because you guys messed up after that.
we really need gm connected , winter games, better gameplay mechanics, and fixing the stupid penalty kill bug in be a pro where if you do well on it your score goes down, while if you do bad it goes up.
IM SO EXCITED
PC release please
I'm waiting😃
I'm not buying any more NHL games until they add a new goalie win celebration animation.  It's been the same (and only one) for 9 years with the double fist pump.  Same with that stupid stand in one place and kick celebration animation by players. NINE YEARS  OMG they showed it at 5:05 😂
Please give us a new be a pro for the past few games we’ve heard the same intro “pricey pond hockey”
Are they gunna add first person
Looking forward to get scammed once again
Can't wait to play NHL15 with a new cover and a roster update
Please include more history stuff, like history challenge mode, like What you had in some old Xbox 360 nhl game. Also would be dope if we get more Classic nhl Games refined or remastered, I am hoping for nhl 2004 remaster. Also specific year history rosters Would be Nice for nhl teams. Something history stuff would be also Nice for european teams. Like alumni kärpät please :)
I am here to be disappointed again with no PC version.
If it’s not up to expectations I’m not gonna buy it
I'd love to have a pc version. Only reason i have a console is to play nhl.
It’s insane how I come here every year. Hoping, praying.
I see nobody has mentioned camera angles.  Chase view from nhl 98 was fantastic and got me hooked. It was abandoned after 2001. What a shame. Bring it back for those of us that don't like playing a view that looks like it's from the ISS.  VR mode would also benefit for this game. Oh yeah, give up the ps4 please and go strictly next gen.
Thought it was today😅
Please bring a be a pro Update
Bring back "Elsewhere in the NHL score updates" from other games happening in the league or playoffs! You've spent enough time on the mechanics of the game - give us more live broadcast like details!
How about finally adding 3 team trades,  no trade and NMCs, player suspensions,  better scouting mechanics,  pregame warmup screen with goalie introductions, better created team logos (a slice of pizza? Come on EA) more cities for relocation, ability to change colors of goalie masks in franchise and BAP, create a goalie mask.
I’m hoping NCAA and other European leagues will be added such as the EIHL. Also, I would be fantastic if Be a Pro was more realistic, allowing you to sign for non NHL teams such as KHL, DEL, Liiga and EIHL for example. As well, it would be great if we could get dropped into the AHL again at least. ECHL and SPHL would be cool additions too.  Let’s just try make this less restrictive and more realistic!
Can't wait because I've can't believe that cale is the cover athlete for NHL 24 .
I think ref mode might come
To see that every comment is a true hockey fan begging for a better game should really tell EA something. Make the game great
NHL 24 THIS IS NEW
Please make sure that all the records of players and teams are in full. It will be much more interesting to play in a player's career and break these records. Fans of this game will be grateful to you. 🙏🏻😁
can’t wait for the new dekes and roster update!! 🥳
I just want a PC version on Steam.
I will be sleeping when this drops. I work midnights. When I wake up I hope to see amazing gameplay!
I'll be honest the outdoor pond hockey has gotten pretty stale. It would ve nice to go back to a real arena or at least some new scenery it's been the same for like 4 years now I think.
Maybe it’s because I’m new to NHL and hockey in general but I absolutely love NHL 23 franchise mode. I find my self playing it for hours. Everyone wants huge changes when I don’t think the game is that bad. Each their own I guess
I just want nhl to come to PC…. But I’m ready to be let down once again 🤷🏻‍♂️
I want the old nhl 93 hot and cold player features in the game again.
Please EA. More Czech and Slovak Legends / Power Up Icons. Maybe Elias, Bondra, Hasek, Hamrlik, Palffy, Satan, Demitra, Havlat..... Remove from game stupid AI deffend, RB and LT spam. Give us normal hockey game, please
Please have the old career mode and pre game warm-ups  and even a rookie lap would be cool. I would also like all star game and even events would be a bonus.   Heritage classic and winter classic would be awesome.
NHL back on PC plsssssss
They should seriously just make one game and update it as the years go on. Would probably be so much cheaper and easier for literally everyone
Better AI vs AI simulation like I'm watching NHL from TV or from the audience. Thank you.
Hoping they do more with be a pro
I’d like the option to pick any arena to play in, like how mlb the show is
It would be super dope to have a PC release!
I hope for a better be a pro and franchise and more customization options like why only 3 jerseys, why cant I edit them mid season
I want to see realistic pre game warm up like in the actual nhl games
I’m leaving my phone in for 38 hours til I see it
Add actual European arenas and get rid of that standard arena used for over a decade now plus add tournament mode where can pick the arena to play tournament in
Boys EA better deliver this time
Please also bring back tournament style playoffs for banners please. I can't play 300 games just to get a banner.
In my opinion they need to make realistic practice period like in actual nhl games
Update the sound fx to sounds more realistic or what it sounds like on TV
Hope they add something better than last year give some love to be a pro pls
New announcers? Better gameplay with less glitches? Nah, I already know ill be let down like every other year cause you know….EA
Hype🎉
Lets goooooooo
The only thing there Missing to get the feel of real life hockey is the commentary play by play and where I live the voice of hockey is Bob Cole , I'm not saying use him in the game full-time but make it like a downloadable link or something that you could buy extra or unlock because if you was doing the play-by-play I would never turn the game off, I  literally watch games online from the 2000s just because his voice is so epic Hockey night in Canada  !!!!!! He's like 93 years old so do it now before hes gone forever DOOOO ITT!!!!!!
Nuggent Hopkins X factor please
NHL 24 I like the new cover athlete ❤
Release it on PC FFS!!!!!
30 years since NHL 94, 20 years since NHL 04, and 10 years since NHL 14. Lets keep this streak going EA.
I’m excited But for now I have to keep playing NHL 23
I can’t wait
Who’s ready for another year of no NHL on PC? 😃😃😃😃
Please at Trade tracker and injury report to Be a Pro
If this is the best game yet, you can shut up and take my money 🤞
Pls get rid of James and Ray they r painful to listen to.
When will you turn off the computer’s help to control the field player / goalkeeper? When will you completely change the control of the goalkeeper? When will you add the opportunity to paint a goalkeeper mask yourself?
Well, guys, are we waiting for a breakthrough in the gameplay or nothing will change as usual? Will nhl 24 exceed the 2009 nhl 2k10 benchmark hockey or will it be in the role of catching up again?
playable on ps4 lol hard pass. they not even trying at this point.
Early
EA Sports add please IIHF World Cup lifting win animation thank you
release the game on pc do you really think that the nhl franchise on pc will sell worse than any other and worse than on consoles? think again pc is the best solution besides console ⚠
PC release lets go!
espero que algun dia lo saquen para steam estaria muy bueno
100th comment
Time for our expectations to get shattered once again. Could you at least have the decency to change the menus this time, so it somewhat feels like a new game instead of a roster update😂
Scan Faces PLEASE !!!
My wishlist with over 300 hours in NHL 23 eashl:  -Nerf truculence -Improved animations for stickhandling/ shooting/ deking -Improved menu system that reduces glitches and bugs that happen far too often -I would recommend taking RP system out of drop in if you want to draw in more casual gamers and appeal to larger audience -Shooting perks become a more viable option against computer goalies
And plz rate Cole cuafield and Suzuki atleast a 90 or 89
why u dont do this game on PC?
Let me guess. Virtually all development time and resources dumped into online modes, making the game worse.
I’m really hoping that in Be A Pro I can start in the ECHL or AHL!
Please, release it for PC as well ffs >_<.
You should be able to play your whole peewee and junior career in be a pro then get drafted.
Bro I need to come on pc bro
NHL 18 volume 7
can’t wait
Hoping for the winter classic online I want that so bad
PC!
This game gonna surprise some people I think..
NHL 94 = awesome  NHL 04 = awesome  NHL 14 = awesome  NHL 24 should comply
Pc!!!
Considering this game has a great cover I’m praying to have better ai than last year  I would call for a pass (be a pro) and they would fire the puck across the ice (like when you dump the puck on pk)
Coming to PC????
NHL 93 was the best
Please add Bobby Orr and Mike Bossy to the alumni part of NHL 24.
Lets go cale on the cover is a W
Can eashl get a new scenery?
Please have new play by play 🙏🏻 and updated goal horns and songs coming back 🙏🏻🙏🏻 would love to have presentation brought back with updated intros and even intermission reports 🙏🏻🙏🏻
Would like to play my opponent not the computer you have gone to far with one side ai outplaying the other basically manipulation of the outcome
Please PC
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS 🎉🎉
Go AVS Go 🥳
Hope they surprise everyone and announce NHL is finally back on PC !
NHL 20 with cale Makar on the cover
🙏please PC🙏 please PC🙏please PC🙏 please PC🙏please PC🙏
I think this is going be the best nhl in awhile
Announce a PC release you cowards
Pls all stars games in game only thing i need
My wife left me
Can’t wait to see the trailer for NHL 18.. I mean 19 I mean 20 I mean 21 I mean 22 I mean 23 oh well it’s always the Same thing every year …. But the ice is more shiny this year! 😱
We need gm connected
Lee's than 2 days let's gooooooo
While you wait have some popcorn 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿
they need to revamp the whole game and just make a game called NHL but have it exceeding expectations
Makar
Makar is on the cover
Please just fix BAP it literally doesn't work
It’s cake markar
More scan faces, more Legends, Winter games, Skill on all star games, Better goalkepeer And i ready this pay
🔥 🔥 🔥 😍 😍 😍
MAKAR 🤩
Cale is deserved. But this cover kinda boring
While you're waiting, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you're here for the reveal live 📺
I am ready to be hurt again by expectations
