Using the Tesla turbine and a herons fountain you could get infinite free energy in theory
can you make a video about other generators that are self powered ? or never ending ?
Okay, I get how it works… but what am I supposed to power it with? You still have to produce the compressed air — and the steam as well. Both of those require energy, and not a small amount. So I don’t understand where the “gain” comes from in this setup.  Let’s say I buy one for home use. Fine. But how do I run it in a way that’s actually profitable, meaning it gives me more usable energy out than what I’m putting in?  Can someone explain this to me? I’m genuinely interested — I like the idea and I understand the concept… but at the same time I don’t.
Petition for the "Hero of alexandria" turbine to have 4 blades/arms/nozzles...........
Your missing quite a few details in the video. Ok it made 1200 watts assuming at 110 volts because the bulbs are 110v.  why do you have what looks like an inverter on the bed of the truck? If your a physicist why are you not measuring the actual output in amps, watts, volts, or joules? You say it's only 40psi, ok but at what volume? That compressor might put out what 50 cu ft per min at 40 psi?  You can lift a concrete slab with under 5 psi.  Didn't see any bearings on the plates, so as you use it a few times the thin aluminum disks will wear the seal around the center very quickly and loose efficiency.  70 disks that maybe 1 sq ft surface each, what calculation did you use to determine the best air flow? As you say the best torque is at low rpm? Which is false, as friction increase at approximately  the square root of velocity above the min of 2ft / s.  So the faster the air flow the more the boundary layer of air attaches to the surface. Just like the wing of an airplane, the faster the air flow the more lift is generated. Tesla turbines can spin from around 15k rpms, to above 95,000 rpms. At these speeds the disk material fails, the hi speed compressor in a jet engine only reach about 20,000 rpms. The problem with the Tesla turbine is the disks spin
2:05 Bro. What. The. Fuck.
Incredible DIY project — this is genius engineering 👏
how can this thing possibly run if there is a black out first the compresssor needs air which needs power to run this seems like a vicious circle use power to generate power pointless it seems
I've been working in HLFC for aircrafts with laser micro-perforated outer skin plates... I think could be a game-changer for tesla turbines...  can this be of your interest?
Find it fasinating
So Air truly is the best renewable energy if we just used compressed air it would help..... NO cause compressed air is also a BOMB its why New York City is trying to update their steam infrastructure due to a Steam Explosion being quite possible with outdated infrastructure Steam being even more dangerous than Air cause when Steam Pipes rupture they do so violently and it doesn't matter what's in the path of the Steam it will kill you.
How efficient is that and how compared to traditional turbines?
Tokamaks would be a cool video
If the air is sticking to the metal. Wouldn't the idea be to somehow make the metal and air more attractive to each other?
Can it run the compressor?
if i'm not mistaken, isn't this the concept Koenigseggs darkmatter engine is based off?
Overunity devices or perpetual motion machines
This is one of the coolest things Tesla has ever built. I saw it in a video many years ago, and recently the idea came back to me. Could we use it for generating electricity from geothermal energy? Of course, when it comes to Tesla, I always find the best and most inspiring videos on Integza. This technology is highly promising, and it makes me happy to know that someone out there is working on it. The video was funny and exciting, just like the previous ones. Thank you!
This turbine would work awesome with a tromp air pump, you would have unlimited power!
Thanks for the video. By the way, have you ever considered having a haircut ?
I want to see a FlyBack Transformer driven High Voltage Plasma Speaker.
The big benefit of an impulse turbine is the lack of axial thrust along the rotor because of the shape of the buckets. The convergent / divergent shape of a reaction turbine wheel requires a dummy piston to balance the thrust load.
also can add stainless steel 1.07 less diameter
sandwich copper slightly less diameter 2.69 percent
Umm but how much does it cost to run the compressor?
3D I want
Is the Sutter turbine?
Would something like this be more effective than the current generators used for hydroelectric dams?
At 10:30 where do you get the compressed air when the power is down? Can your DIY steam powered exhaust produce enough PSI?
You need a compressor with 2000 Watt to get out 1500 Watt
I'd love to see how this would work with hydro power. It seems to me like it would be more efficient.
You said, "you can just put it in your garage". Why only in your garage?
I understand how this works in a lab setting, but how would this work in a practical one? As in, if you were to put this somewhere in nature to harvest energy, how would that work exactly?
So to make this useful, you would have to include the power used by the compressor in the math for its actual efficiency, which, so far, I have seen no one do. The Tesla turbine is fun and a really neat item, but not as efficient as people think. Probably 5% more efficient than the turbines we have, but they are also tougher, cheaper, and more user-friendly than any other turbine. So a win-win for us if we can get the powers that be to use it for power generation. The wind turbines are ugly and inefficient when compared to egg beater wind generators, and a waste of resources, and yet we are still saddled with them. So I don't think we will see any improvement in our electrical generation capabilities because of he greed and stupidity of the power-generating companies.
BTW I just realised this video is two years old, why haven't I found this channel before.
Could you use this to build a small scale spaceship that fits in your hand but will fly inside a vacuum chamber?
Without content this good I would have went insane already.
Tesla was a genius and ahead of his time.
would it work with water?
I love the idea of small form factor generators. I've always wanted to learn what it would take to have or make one.
LOL, tomatoes are good for your heart...great information always enjoyable and learn something new. Thank you
Could you do a video on how you could use food waste easily to make household energy? thanks
Great video!!!
I'm thinking an outstanding use would be in a nuclear power plant. After all the steam pressure from a radioactive plant is high enough to produce megawatts in a standard system. But the turbines have to be scrapped every few years because well where and tear. They're simple to make they don't have blades.As stated and yeand yes just make a matter like stainless steel or something that has a great tinsel strength titanium steel alloy. Maybe i'm not sure how well that works in a high temperature environment. But basically put him in p t o to a generator. And you've got yourself a forever turbine in a forever.Steam source generating electricity forever for the community.
Can anybody say torque converter😮
Patent free too so get in quick
Why is this just being examined more closely? Isnt it weird how after Tesla died, all his papers were confiscated by the fbi?
thats not Tesla's water turbine at all it is not multiple disk's it is closely set of paddle 's on a disk that face inwards and outwards..
how big can you create these, more diameter more torque, does this make it viable?
Could you run multiples of these in series? Seems like, properly set up, you could boil some water on the weekend to charge a powerwall and run your house on that during the week. Would that be energy efficient?
What if you build a high-power, high-efficiency air compressor that can fill up a 2-liter tank with compressed air in a short amount of time?🤔
I'd like to see these magnetic motors run i know alot is bs but there has to be something there to discover.
How many watts were consumed pressurizing the system to 20psi to make the turbine create 1200W? This design would need an outside natural source of moving fluid to create a power surplus: like a dam. Problem I see with that is, dams utilize unfiltered water which would build up sediment and mineral deposits on the disks and deteriorate efficiency over time.
This would be great if you could use it in a cooling system for a house or a car.
Ionic engines......
My question is, and please forgive me it’s 6 am, what is the power consumption v output ratio for this device?   The assuming the compressor is running on 220V while putting out 1200 watts and based off of my math 220v•50amps= 1100 watts.   I would be interested in seeing an application using steam or compression system using less DC and more rudimentary compression methods to get a better idea of the efficiency. Perhaps a wood gasification system to act as a primary generator and then the turbine could lend to its efficacy.
Can you test out turbines in water next and please let me win 🏆 🙏 😂😂
Love this
Yeah , if the power goes out , ill need some power to boil water to power my turbine to power my housr !!
Or create a Ferraday cage and instead of grounding it, use it to capture various emfs and convert them to electricity, thus creating free energy??
What happens when you combine solar to hho to a tesla turbine to generate more power
I'm interested not for steam, but how would it fare as a hydroelectric turbine. I have a low stream river in my land I would like to make use of without disturbing its flow
I would love one how do I enter
Harbor Freight strikes again!
Is it possible to modify this turbine into a turbo for an engine? If so would it be more efficient? Could it also replace the alternator doing so?
8:22 Imperial shaming
A tomato is a (very crappy) impulse turbine.
My dad said before he died, that with the new materials and technology we should revisit the old Stanley Steamer engine design!  You should investigate 😊
How does this compare to conventional turbine
I would like to see you try and 3d print a cnc router!!!
I suggest a fire chain sword like the one that Gypsy danger in pacific rim has.
I think tom is nikola tesla
Jesus Christ. When will people realize that if these turbines worked, they’d have been in use since 1913
Man i love all things Tesla.  Hard to believe that society didn't get behind him and fund his research endeavors for the betterment of mankind.
A 4.5 Inch Tesla Turbine Prototype, price $1,499.95 USD (All aluminum add $500)😮😮. Genius physicist yes, marketing guru, not so much….
Is there any concepts of an emergency power generator that can give an EV power when stranded? Wind, Solar, or pedal driven that could charge it enough to get 10 miles down the road?
For another theme you could look into magneto hydrodynamic drive propulsion
How about for a theme you look into Brownian motion and the potential of extracting useable energy.
Please don’t get the 🥦 haircut your hair is slowly morphing into it 😭😭😭
The losses around the circumference should be assessed for efficiency
Tesla turbine go- *WWWWEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!*
Maybe a video on the what to do if power goes out, such as total state or countrywide blackout
What prevented the Tesla turbine from being the grid scale standard is size.. This did not scale up to grid scale very well especially when you consider there are steam turbines out there capable of 1900MW now (the Arabelle platform) and your average combine cycle steam turbine is ~ 100 - 400 MW. The concept is amazing and possibly modern materials and engineering could make it viable again.
Okay I’ll admit it, Nicola Tesla was the smartest inventor! Just using the same process with layers at both ends we use to make 3D figurines in those crystal structures to make microscopic Tesla valves to those aluminum plates in a circular pattern on the surface each plate to maximize fluid efficiency with the rotation. Or even better you can make a positively statically charged silicon plates to pull the air to the disks surface; while having a negatively charged magnetic housing unit to push the airflow through the disks.
I would like to see this powered with steam the way you did it in this video. ( https://youtu.be/A1H2mFEsbNk?si=Q36qgnuf6kttYILa )  I love your channel. Please keep it up. I won't be sending you fried green tomato recipes.
Great video.  When I was younger I worked as a pipe welder/boiler maker for refuse burning power plants.  I think it is amazing that most of the population does not know that despite all the different kinds of power plants the main concept is heating water for phase change to turn a turbine.   Can you make a video showing how to create a foam that could be used as a foundation where the lattice structure is held together with hdppe or some other homemade concoction?   My son and I could change our world if we had a 3-D printer!!
His fav invnetion is crazy interesting, imagine the large scale potential
I agree a tomato will never touch my beloved cheese burger.
Why don’t you make a vídeo of generating electricity out of radio waves
Future video theme "Thermoelectric powerplant of 1 MW scale"
Continuing in the Tesla theme...resonance? An earthquake machine? Please? 😊
The need for clean steam is due to blade fouling and impingement damage.  Why would this turbine be any different with blades that can clog up.
it does actually have blades bcos its not a perfectly flat surface...if u look at it under a microscope it looks rocky bcos of the metallic microcrystals that act as blades...similarly if u drill holes in the disk thats technically not a "blade" either...but the edges of the holes provide the blades...
A modular wind turbine (similar to ridge lift turbine) that is fitted to the ridge of your roof that is easily made from parts on hand. Making it cheap and accessible to people in South Africa so we can be done with load shedding
Im here for the free sample, please send me a dm for the location of the package, have a good evening
Discs are thin cylinders
What if you made, the discs like a vinyl record, still of aluminum, but very small my minute ridges that would then funnel it towards the center. Im Not an engineer or anything, but will be curious to see if it improve performance it or made it worse. Different fluids would be interesting too.
Show parabéns conhecimento fantástico
I like this, woudl be great to see the real world applications
Well I’m ordering tomatoes… how weird is that?
#Algorithm #Algorithm, for when you have nothing to add to the conversation but want to support the channel by feeding the algorithm another comment.
How about rectennas ? Energy from Radio,wifi generally frequency. That would be interesting
You should do a video running a small compressor on the.power from your new Tesla turbine. And see if you can have a surplus of energy.
How about you make a video on 0 wind turbines. I'm sure there are people that never even heard of them.. I want/ need a 3d printer. Lol😅
Here is a good question. how does rocket fuel burn in space when there is no oxygen in space.
why isnt this being used then...
Mr.Tesla was way to ahead of his time, he needed more modern tech
Excelente pergunta! Para transformar seu projeto da Turbina Tesla com compressor scroll em algo mais eficiente, confiável e aplicável, aqui vão melhorias estratégicas recomendadas, divididas por área:   ---  🔧 1. Melhoria de Eficiência Mecânica  ✅ Adicionar volante de inércia (flywheel)  Função: estabiliza a rotação do eixo da turbina  Benefício: evita quedas bruscas de torque, melhora compressão contínua   ✅ Rolamentos cerâmicos ou magnéticos  Reduzem atrito e aumentam a vida útil da turbina    ---  💨 2. Otimização do Ar e Compressão  ✅ Ciclo fechado com regeneração de ar  Reutiliza parte do ar após a exaustão da turbina → menor desperdício  Permite operações prolongadas com pouco consumo externo   ✅ Adição de intercooler entre scroll e reservatório  Reduz a temperatura do ar comprimido → aumenta densidade e eficiência    ---  ⚡ 3. Integração com Geração de Energia  ✅ Acoplamento com gerador elétrico brushless (BLDC)  Transforma rotação do eixo da turbina em energia elétrica  Permite armazenar ou usar em tempo real   ✅ Sistema híbrido (solar + turbina)  Um painel solar pequeno pode acionar ventiladores, válvulas ou dar partida inicial    ---  📊 4. Monitoramento e Automação  ✅ Instalação de sensores:  Sensor de rotação (RPM)  Sensor de pressão do reservatório  Sensor de temperatura do scroll  Permite automação inteligente: ligar/desligar a compressão, ajustar fluxo, etc.    ---  🧱 5. Design modular e portátil  Permitir desmontar as partes (scroll, reservatório, turbina) com parafusos de engate rápido  Usar materiais leves como alumínio e polímeros técnicos (PA6, PETG reforçado)    ---  💡 Extra: Inovação possível  ✅ Inserção de câmara de vácuo parcial na turbina  Aumenta diferencial de pressão de entrada → ganho de torque   ✅ Impressão 3D de discos da turbina com geometria otimizada CFD  Testar variações do perfil dos discos para máxima transferência viscosa    ---  Se quiser, posso:  Aplicar essas melhorias no projeto  Gerar nova imagem 3D com elas  Atualizar o .zip com novas instruções e peças prontas para imprimir   Deseja que eu faça isso agora
Ótimo! Vamos atualizar o projeto da Turbina Tesla com pistões para incluir agora um sistema de compressão scroll (espiral) – um método moderno, silencioso e eficiente para comprimir ar.   ---  🔄 Atualização: Turbina Tesla + Compressor Scroll  📌 O que é um compressor scroll?  Um compressor scroll utiliza dois discos espirais:  Um espiral fixo  Um espiral móvel, que orbita sem girar completamente   Esse movimento reduz progressivamente o volume do ar entre as espirais, comprimindo-o suavemente e com alta eficiência.   ---  ⚙️ Nova Arquitetura do Projeto  Componentes principais com Scroll:  Componente	Função  Turbina Tesla	Gera rotação contínua Eixo de saída (motor)	Conectado ao scroll por acoplamento direto Compressor scroll	Converte rotação em compressão de ar com alta eficiência Reservatório de ar	Armazena ar comprimido Válvulas de controle	Direcionam ar comprimido para o bico da turbina (autoalimentação) Controlador de pressão	Mantém ciclo seguro (ex: 3–8 bar)    ---  🔁 Fluxo do Sistema Atualizado  [ Reservatório de Ar ]                     ↑          ┌───────────────┐          │ Compressor Scroll │          └───────────────┘                    ↑         [ Eixo da Turbina Tesla ]                    ↑        [ Bico de Entrada com Ar Inicial ]                    ↓             [ Turbina Tesla ]   ---  ✅ Vantagens do Scroll no Projeto  ✅ Menos ruído que pistões  ✅ Menor vibração  ✅ Melhor eficiência volumétrica  ✅ Pode operar em ciclos fechados (ideal para energia contínua)    ---  📷 Imagem Atualizada com Scroll  Abaixo está uma imagem representando visualmente o novo projeto com compressor scroll integrado. A turbina está à esquerda, com o compressor scroll central e o reservatório à direita:
[ Reservatório de Ar Comprimido ]                               ↑                          Válvula 1                        ↗         ↖          [ Pistão 1 ]             [ Pistão 2 ]                ↑                     ↑         (Biela e manivela conectadas ao eixo da Turbina)                ↓                     ↓      [ Eixo da Turbina Tesla (1000–8000 RPM) ]                      ↓             Bico de entrada (com válvula 2)                      ↓                 [ Turbina Tesla ]
Excelente! Vamos agora evoluir o projeto da Turbina Tesla com dois pistões de ar comprimido autossustentáveis que utilizam o próprio eixo de rotação da turbina para gerar e armazenar ar comprimido, criando um sistema de energia renovável cíclica.   ---  🔄 Ideia do Sistema Autossustentável  > O próprio movimento da turbina gera energia para alimentar dois pistões, que comprimem o ar e realimentam a turbina Tesla em um ciclo semi-fechado.     ---  ⚙️ Componentes Adicionais no Projeto  Componente	Função  Pistões de ar (2x)	Comprimir ar usando o movimento do eixo Biela-manivela	Transforma rotação do eixo em movimento alternado para os pistões Reservatório de ar	Armazena o ar comprimido gerado pelos pistões Válvulas unidirecionais	Garantem que o ar vá apenas do pistão → reservatório → turbina Controlador de pressão	Mantém o ar na pressão ideal (ex: 2~6 bar) Eixo secundário (opcional)	Pode acoplar outros dispositivos (gerador, volante, etc)    ---  🧠 Como Funciona o Ciclo  1. A Turbina Tesla gira com um impulso inicial (manual ou ar comprimido externo).   2. Seu eixo central está acoplado a dois pistões de compressão por biela-manivela.   3. Os pistões comprimem o ar ambiente e o enviam para um reservatório pressurizado.   4. O ar acumulado é redirecionado ao bico de entrada da Turbina Tesla.   5. O sistema se mantém girando enquanto houver pressão suficiente.   6. Pode alimentar também um gerador elétrico ou compressor externo.     ---  📐 Esquema Técnico Simplificado  [ Reservatório de Ar Comprimido ]                               ↑                          Válvula 1                        ↗         ↖          [ Pistão 1 ]             [ Pistão 2 ]                ↑                     ↑         (Biela e manivela conectadas ao eixo da Turbina)                ↓                     ↓      [ Eixo da Turbina Tesla (1000–8000 RPM) ]                      ↓             Bico de entrada (com válvula 2)                      ↓                 [ Turbina Tesla ]   ---  🛠️ Materiais Sugeridos para os Pistões  Item	Sugestão  Cilindro	Seringa grande / cilindro hidráulico pequeno Pistão	Alumínio com vedação de borracha Biela e manivela	Chapa de aço ou impressão 3D Válvulas	Solenoides ou válvulas unidirecionais plásticas Reservatório de ar	Botijão de extintor vazio ou PET reforçado    ---  🔋 Eficiência e Sustentabilidade  Pode ser usado com energia solar ou eólica no arranque.  Sistema pode acionar geradores de até 50W–500W, dependendo do tamanho.  Ideal para projetos de energia limpa, off-grid, protótipos escolares ou agrícolas.    ---  🎁 O que posso te entregar agora:  1. ✅ Desenho 3D completo (com turbina + pistões + reservatório)   2. ✅ Arquivo STL para impressão 3D de partes do sistema   3. ✅ Manual de montagem em PDF com instruções técnicas   4. ✅ Simulação animada do funcionamento em vídeo   5. ✅ Planta para corte a laser (DXF/DWG) se quiser peças metálicas     ---  ❓Deseja:  O projeto visual completo com os pistões acoplados?  Os arquivos de impressão ou corte?  A versão otimizada com gerador acoplado ao eixo?   Me diga como deseja receber (imagem 3D, link, PDF, etc) que eu preparo agora mesmo.
Usando este mesmo projeto será que teria como inserir duas entradas de ar com dois pistões com ângulos diferentes como impulsionando o outro este projeto
Tente criar uma turbina desta do tesla autossustentável
The tesla motor has poor torque.
It would be cool to see the Tesla turbines scaled up and driven by steam. created by the sun and a magnifier.
Why don't you run the air compressor off of the Tesla turbine
oh and yes i have tried replacing the switch with transistor the phenomenon does not work without the spark gap
ive spent the last 15 years of my life to tesla discoveries i personally have broken the conservation of energy law about 30 times just with a pulse motor and a spark gap but i am limited by poverty and my magnetically actuated switches always wear out under the extreme heat of the plasma created in the spark gap the best i have been able to do is 1500 wats for 3 days straight and when my switch wore out had 1 volt more in my batteries than i did when i started ive had some strange things happen as a result of my pulse motor experiments one night i had my pulse motor spinning faster than i ever had and then all of a sudden i hear a blooopf like a sound or some magnetic bubble popped and the most boggling was the total escape of sound after the bloopf and my little pulse motor levitated right of of the table hovered for a moment then faster than i had ever seen anything move slammed into my drive coil i have never been able to recreate that effect i am limited by poverty it is a shame we still have to pay electric bills i am a nobody and if i can do all that it should be no problem for someone else with a greater mental capacity than myself good work with the turbine use it to achieve over unity i believe u may be able to see if it will run an efficient air compressor to run its self if it will truly run all those lights and only at 20 psi try an air brush compressor they are silent operation and can reach really high outputs you may have to reconfigure your point of injection and your inlet nozzle now in saying it im curious to its application with ionic thrusting any how good luck keep trying may poverty never limit your success
Tesla was a genius!
jajajaja pero que hace Enzo Fernandez en este video sobre ingenieria? jajaja
I bought 1 tesla turbine 4.5 prototype with aluminium update from charlie and i never receive it. No reply by email or instagram.. so probably another scam of internet
So what's the efficiency?
Reminds me of the clutch in my motorcycle. I think the same concept  as a clutch pack is being applied. It's being applied differently, but it's still working like a clutch pack. Instead of compressing the plates together, you're blowing air across them. Either way, you're using friction applied to the disks to create torque.
I want a 3d printer! And tomatoas are disgusting
i want to see it use steam instead of compressed air
Tomatoes are disgusting
I have mind bending question for me that I need to understand because I’m very curious, question is base on perpetual engines that within our physics can work, so I’m asking:  If one form of free energy can’t produce extra energy, why can’t 2 forms of free energy combined in one unit creat double the output to outdo that problem, I’m just thinking out loud like magnets and buoyancy, what’s wrong with my thinking? Can anyone help?
I still dont get it.  You power up a 10 HP compressor to make 600w of electricity?    You sell the Tesla turbine in case the power goes off?  So where do you get compressed air?
I was big fan of tesla turbine at one point. Now this is bit crazy, but I always wanted to know what happens if you instead of steam, insert exhaustion gas (burned gasoline), while pressurising the front of the fire chamber, preferably using power collected from the turbine after it's running. Maybe the front pressurising pump could even be another tesla turbine. So basically a jet engine.
fua
Eu quero!
Cheap and powerful pedal power generator that can charge a battery connected to an alternator, this is my idea for future videos
My question is about vibration rate of the plates,  per say values
Muito bom!
Can you tell me the CFm on the model in the video?
These guys are so awesome being able to resolve precision challenges!
Continente's honey killed me 🤣🤣 Continua o bom trabalho 💪
How about the volume of air being used......maxing out a minimum of 5 HP of a air compressor......not efficient at all...
Then please show them the work of Thane heins. He has the solutions they seek... Cheers, nice video
Is there a way to calculate the volume of air that is required per watt generated by the air pressure (psi) required to get a watt? Sorry I am not a physics trained guy. I just want to be able to get some sort of visual idea of how much air is required to get one singe watt. So I can visualize how many 375ml sized cans of air would be required to get a 60 watt light bulb to stay on for 1 minute. Or something like that.
AMAZING!
could you make a Teslaturbine-Turbocharger for a Car?
Faz uma torre de Tesla que transmite energia sem fil
i want one but for super critical CO2...
That resembles a transmission to me Hmmmmm  Air move turbine turbine move drivetrain car go  vroom.
built a bladeless turbine when I was 14!
Mix the tesla bladeless turbine concept with the sun array they have in Nevada to heat the steam and you have a clean electric plant and water purifier built into one.... winner winner, chicken dinner
The Tesla turbine has a real-world efficiency of about 20–40%, occasionally a bit higher. Theoretically, it could reach up to 70%, but only under ideal conditions. By comparison, conventional gas or steam turbines achieve 30–60% efficiency. The issue is that the Tesla turbine relies on viscosity and laminar flow — which sounds elegant but doesn’t perform well in practice. It seems the video’s author didn’t bother to do proper research before glorifying the invention. Respecting Tesla is one thing, but attributing mythical advantages to his designs is just foolish.
Não quero uma impressora 3d . Quero um torno mecanico 😅 pode ser usado . Moro no Maranhão Brasil.
I would like you to explore supercritical carbon dioxide with the Tesla turbine 👍🏻
the tesla turbine is very specific, there are baffles needed on the end discs and the casing. also needed is studs on the discs which helps create vortices.
How does this compare to natural gas turbine electrical power plants?  Is TesTur Energy considering full-home electrical backup generators?
The turbine can be used in reverse, as a compressor. Tesla's original models suffered from poor materials of the time. They would run up to very high RPM, then come apart in an RUD as the blades failed from the centrifugal force.
If you could build a Tesla turbine but use Co2 way better density!😊
Try adding in 3 ,6 , 9 inch blades then try adding in different frequencies. Two large weighted flywheels to store momentum.
Open source the plans
How cool! I can't wait to retire in the next few years and really get into making. The tools available these days are empowering!
Is temperature low at the outlet when steam condenses
OK,  that looks so cool, I want one
I need the book at 10:28
The Prime Mover is.....? The dreaded  Carbon.
Just fantastic to see you guys doing such brilliant work, well done for free energy and mankind 👏👏👌
but.. what am i missing, if u dont have power how u gonna make the compressed air? if u tell me with the fuel then why dont u make a generator with fuel to make energy, what am i missing? it spins alone ?
1 - Fewer holes will better maintain the structure of the discs at faster speeds,  2 - Many smaller holes at the ends of the discs will give more torque,  3 - The faces of the discs could be roughened in order to better friction with the air.
This is why Hydro Electric won ...no one wants this around their Home. 👍
Would be interesting to see a pocket electricity  generator of some type was thinking along the lines of pocket warmers maybe some fuel of some type
I was thinking about building a steam generator but now that I watched this I think my plan has changed
I m your big fan I love your video it's funny and I learn so much from your video and by the way tomato are disgusting
They need to stamp those blades out.. It would make the process faster...
When you said "i know what youre thinking" with the tomato spinning, was a bit disappointed not to hear "tomatoes are disgusting!" 😂 i farm tomatoes but have never tried one of my own, because..disgusting. others love it though
Wife hates tomatoes also i sure can use a 3d printer to make her one
Can this turbine use exhaust gas from a hybrid car to recharge the batteries??
Oky how to make it smaller ❤
Great video.  How about a video on wireless transmission of power? You can talk about where the technology is at and how the current infrastructure has drop-offs the further you try to carry the current.
Have you tried running water thru the Tesla turbine ? . Would be interesting
2:05 Me when someone touches my thigh.
Great stuff.
why do these guys dress in such stupid costumes?
I already have ideas, great seed planted; thank you...
That turbine is not creating energy. Energy cannot be created nor destroyed. All he’s doing is converting. The power it takes to generate the air is the same power you’re getting out of the turbine just in a different form. The air compressor he used was a gas powered air compressor hence why he had a pull start. The fuel burning is energy, which is converted into compressed air. Compressed air is then converted into electric via that turbine. He could’ve just use the same fuel in the air compressor to power a generator.  One gallon of gas is equal to 33.7 kwh of energy.   He said he was getting 4275 watts or 4.2kw that’s because of the motors aka generators he was spinning.  He was on.y getting 12 percent conversion out of a full gallon of fuel.
Thats was fun,
Faz um helicóptero que funciona a uma turbina a jato feita por você mesmo, e depois coloque um controle remoto nele
How about a video showing the Tesla turbine working with steam and a possible working garage setup with a home steam generator and Tesla turbine combined. Alternatively a compressed air storage system that is charged using surplus solar energy and then provides energy through part or all of the night.
I would like to see this as a power plant option for a cyclorotor hybrid evtol application!
i love this but i dont like how you need an air compressor to fuel the engine
Now the question becomes where do you get 25-40 psi of steam or whatever without a gasoline powered generator.
I propose making a video on atmospheric energy harnessing device that is useful
This is giving me some ideas, I would love to have one of those Tesla units to test with I wonder if I could build one myself as getting anything here form overseas is ludicrously expensive unless you are buying 10,000 of it and it weighs the same as a paperclip.
Great,,,idol...
I'd like to see another video of how a homeowner could implement this. What type of supply would be used? Wood burning water to make steam?
Como adquirir essa turbina tesla ?
This was an awesome video and great innovation and design bringing to life Tesla’s blueprint; an interesting follow up would be seeing this product in action in a loss of power situation and the many practical uses. Thanks for sharing.
did i miss where the power comes from to move the air, 25 pounds pressure? will it work in a water fall, effectively? steam?
Could you run enough turbines to power the compressor and then how much extra power would you have if any. Also is air the best gas? I wonder if helium, hydrogen  or argon, carbon dioxide. Light or heavy gasses basically would work better than compressed air
I'm still fighting with chatty about using the Tesla-turbine as a power and heat generator to bring water, in a closed system, to a boiling point to "power", no not a perpetuum-system but an overunity-system. The idea is to have a steem-loop that generate more steem-power than that's needed tot drive the Tesla-turbine itself.
Sounds dangerous
Invent a wind turbine and auto break in the vertical plane and interlink in series to generate best electrical output.
🍅 Tomato are awesome! 🍅
Eu gostaria de ver sobre a Engenharia por trás dos controles de vídeo game! I'm Leonardo from Uberlandia, Minas Gerais - Brazil
Sugestão para vocês criar, bobina de tesla para transmissão de energia sem fio
Alguma Chance de um brasileiro como eu Receber alguma turbina destas??? Excelente trabalho meus amigos.Parabens
Not really "bladeless"
You should really market this in South Africa i will be willing to work with you to get it done. i see a  huge market for it here in SA
My suggestion for your next video is; how can one utilize the “Flower of Life”pattern for use in some form of energy device?
I imagine the torque is increased when the pressure inside the camber is higher, as there would be more rubbing force between the fluid and the discs. Achieved by letting more fluid into the chamber than you let out via valves. Please add a valve to the outlet in a new video, with caution to avoid explosion. May have to modify camper to withstand higher pressures.  Also I only ask for 10 percent :) If it's Tesla's favourite invention out of all the genius inventions in his repertoire, it's definitely worth your time boys.
Carazinho RS bom dia 🇧🇷🍀🌠
Maybe some ideas with induction heating? I am trying to build one device to sobie some heating issue 😅
Bomba de agua carneiro hidráulico um bom tema…
But it’s tur bin like en gin its not en gien
Tomate e muito bom
Hi Integza, I really like your videos, I live in Angola, can I still win a 3D printer?
have you considered using a hollow vented axle, with an integrated pm alternator, using exhaust to preheat feed water? the hollow axle would have many ports milled in it where the disc stack is mounted, ie get the ports closer to center of rotation. the disc would have a star cut in the center alternated with round spacers so the exhaust could flow out one end.
Another great idea would be the Tesla fireball experiment or make a butane-powered vortex cannon.😊🎉🎉🎉
I think you should make a magnetic levitating gyroscope with an ion propulsion on it to see how strong or weak it is what about the tesla egg that's another one.
What are the theoretical voltages here? We’re not talking about powering homes are we?
Make a light sabre
Convert subconscious energy
Realmente o Tesla estava a frente de seu tempo, simples e funcional.
Very cool if you ask me the Tesla discs are more of a blade then a propeller
Tesla é meu inventor preferido o cara foi totalmente fora da curva uma mente muito evoluída. Gostaria muito de ganhar uma impressora 3D fis meu curso de projetista mecânico e gosto muito dessas ideias de geração de energia principalmente energia limpa
This stuff always fascinats me.
Refine HHO generator/vehicle ECM intigration! #Bring back electrolysis!!!
Hi Integza,  I really enjoy your tech experiments and wanted to suggest an interesting topic. In Brazil, two inventors created a device called the Electron Captor. It’s designed to multiply electrical current—small input, much larger output.  It could be a great experiment for your channel to see if this concept actually works.  Thanks for the awesome content!  Best regards, point do Catraca I from Brazil
Imperial rules 😂
I would like to see these turbines put to practical use somehow.  With steam, perhaps?  Something sustainable.  Also, seems like a fly wheel would be a natural, torque adding addition.
I want one
There is more power when you have a difference of potential at either end of the turbine in a vacuum. Aluminum blades should not be used. The flow of equalizing ions from hot to cold. Is utilizing an amazing part of things that are at a much smaller scale. Just imagine harnessing just some of what they're trading back and fourth.
Awesome video and project... How about looking at other Tesla designs. There are plenty to choose from
Manda uma turbina
Once again....Tesla is the absolute benchmark.  My goodness that man was brilliant.
Your so good at what you do
Me encantó el vídeo. Por favor incluyan pista de audio en español.
Your videos are amazing. But I would like you to comment on the discussion of Maxwel Chikunbutso's envy. Cheers.
Tomatoes you say....doubt you will see this comment Look up Shoenice Eats a Tomato.
8:09 made in china 😢
Geração de energia a partir da energia magnética é possível? Poderia fazer um teste real provando sua possibilidade ou não??
Guy reminds me of andrew garfield in the amazing spiderman, could probably be spiderman too but geez, 4250watts at 40 psi is crazy
Could u use CD discs cause there's a lot of em around could b a gr8 repurpose ,did I win the printer lol
Eu ainda não entendi, porque você diz que tomates são nojentos.
I wonder how far these alu disks can spin without being shredded and fly around like ultra sharp knives. Why not enclose them specifically in a own strong container?
TESLA TURBINES destroy themselves because of the insane speeds it can produce there is no material on the earth that can stand up to that kind of rotation speed
Caramba, que dublagem terrível!
How about a video with the Tesla earthquake machine
Well, what % energy you get out of that turbine for the amount energy you use? Are there a gain or?
i would love to see something with these aluminium sheets and  Robert Murray-Smith's hyperbolic design might make a difference in the fluid speed
is zero point energy generators possible
Liquid motors...would be a good video.
One use for this hi-tech  might be to enable low-tech in an emergency. It would be great to see a video of the turbine being powered up with scrap wood for example. I am an innovation fan, but this might bring in some new folks that are more interested in the off-grid and/or prepper lifestyles. New fans = new funding…???
mejora la biciceta a aire comprimido de tom stanton y seras un dios
Do a video on sound, sound waves, how speakers create sound, the sound barrier and interesting things sound can do.
Looks like a super computer  ?
I think you should try one on liquid mercury generators.
Using tide forces (waves) to pump hydro turbines to make power
CAN I BUY ONE TOO???
Heron not Hero. 😇
Fazendo o gerador que gera sua própria energia.
I do enjoy your videos and subject matter  👍🏻
I would love to own one, I have been trying g to figure out how to get perpetual  motion to work, best I've come to with is motors that run for a certain period of time and to make several so one can be started daily
He'll make me one,how much
A tradução está ficando cada vez mais próximo do perfeito!
I would really like to see someone do a deep dive into sound and how it can be used to do medical thing like break up kidney stones etc.. Please feel free to drop a 3d printer my way I already the. First project in mind for it.. lol 😊 what are we going to do tonight brain?? The same thing we do every night pinky.. TRY AND TAKE OVER THE WORLD.. or well 3d print some cool stuff that would work too lol ..
Why the hell do they not use this in industrial applications?
lets see an Integza rocket powered boiler steam power plant!
This is soo amazing.  Thank you for sharing your passion with us
Hey integza I love your video I watch them all and your so clever but I don't believe what that guy said was right it doesn't matter if you have blades or no blades if the chamber the steam is going through is metal the salt will corrode it over time, just because there are no blades doesn't mean it's not going to corrode, if salt or mineral water touches the metal over time it will corrode 100%, ship hulls are smooth they still corrode
New sub . How about doing a video on the drones that fly like birds? Thanks,!!!
Tomatoes are tangental
It's men I. she'd that built what so many take for granted.
you could cone the inside and that way you'll have inbuilt gearing system inplace :) Know what I mean?
Just found your channel and love your motivation and commitment to helping bring knowledge and helping to improve others lives by sharing
Where does it say how much power is taken by the air compressor to power  two lights at 1200watts.?
👎👎
Will it work in a creek or a stream, no you have to have a lot of power to turn that thing so what are you gain
That turbine is a waste of time and it doesn't do anything😢
This is a failure because the energy that you need to move this style of disk is greater than the energy  you can get from it that's why we use magnetic energy to make energy now a magnet can create movement without requiring large amounts of energy
Hey integza can you make a video on creating your own C-D nozzel and showcase how it works
Let's see you turn that into a wind turbine. Because as it stands you're just using power to create power
Turbines are cool and most the time used in jetplans to go faster converting high octane aviation fuel into speed, because more power is needed.  So, the Tesla turbine just looks like one way of converting high RPM rotational speed into wattage using compressed air.  Which makes me think of flywheels which use spin force and momentum to generate electricity also.  So wonder how the two methods compare and which is better?
Looking away and then looking back at 2:05 👀😅
Very good
How would this work with molten salt?
I want to see a sterling engine fan printed out of resin
hey why not try the coil free generating power that uses sound frequency and magnetic field to creat enegry
Sticking with the blade-less tech would be interesting to see your take on solid state wind chargers. Also in the last few years there has been a discovery on the seabed of an area called (i think) the clifford clipperton zone??? West coast of Africa. There on large expansive plains on the sea floor around 5km down are billions of black stones that contain rare/valuable minerals that are planned to be mined/collected, however.  These stones have been found to be emitting a voltage when its natural environment is replicated, during this process of energy production (if i remember correctly) it creates oxygen which gives way to life on the plains. Sadly once mined the affected area does not rejuvenate and noticeable life ceases. Any how i would be interested to see your take on these two topics and see if there is a way the pair could combine.  Love your stuff 👍🏼
Wouldn’t this also work well as a low pressure turbine for a micro hydro generator?  One of the big hurdles many ppl have for micro hydro is that it needs lots of psi to generate power. Wouldn’t this turbine be a better solution for creating power with water at lower pressures?
Great. Thank you for sharing your knowledge, ideas and for educate people.  Nikola Tesla 🤍.
Comment😅
How many watts were required to generate the compressed air?
Great video. Can you make a follow up video on how someone would use the bladeless turbine to generate power for their home? Please hook me up with a 3D printer!
Dude, crazy old guy here, what about putting rare earth magnets around the perimeter of the disc stack and then around the outside of the turbine stack to create a generator? You could also use a magnetic or an air bearing to reduce the friction even more.
OK! I have arrived to this video after 4 hours looking for!! I think this is what i need! I am going to coment in your college channel! In Spain many people has solar panels and for sure is interesting like backup system Thnks for all!! You have new subscriber!!
Make a video about a sterling engine generator that uses sun mirrors to heat the hot cylinders, and buries the cold cylinders in the ground.
For those of you wondering how it works with water, there is a video of someone trying this and it works significantly better. The gas drives the water and the water has much better adherence to the disks. It makes a noticeable improvement in performance
Hello Integza, My suggestion for a future video is to try to change the discs of the tesla turbine into the power generator by itself?
How would that unit benefit ordinary Joe?
Question one: Could this be adapted to generate electricity from wind? # two: how could you adapt this to make an air compressor?
Is there an ideal mass to disc ratio for the turbine?
A parabolic mirror or fresnel lens focusing the sun to boil water and run the Tesla turbine would be cool to see.
Nice
1:00 what if we put 3 actual rocket engines on something like this?
your hair is disgusting
That was the power of the Tesla turbine .
Brilliant channel very nice but please....                  Wth was being shot on that spoon.....
How exactly do turbines turn on the lights?
"Einstein was great but Tesla was greater." - Einstein
So why is the tesla turbine isnt go viral? Because of capitalism?
omg this is awesome
use sugar and potasium nitrate as propllant
Pneumatics has a ton of power potential
Keep with the shirt design, and it can be your iconic look as you will become famous for it.
I would like to try one of these in the Philippines
40 psi at wat cfm psi means nothing with out knowing flow rates
hay buddy can u pls compare it with traditional one with data
I think you should do something to combine the tesla turbine with thermal solar. Similar to a sterling engine, or just do a Sterling engine!
How did it perform with steam
I'd like to see a video about how to use these types of generators in the event of a blackout, as I know backfeeding the grid is bad, so what is the best way to do it?
big fan of @solishoods
4:47 LMAO
bro what the heck happened to Charlie, his posts are genuinely unhinged.
This is fascinating!  Have you considered pairing it with a heliostat to heat the water?
model steam engines
I'm trying to figure out how a tesla turbine might be used to generate hydro-electric power from a slow moving (in summer) and fast moving (in winter) creek?
He should make a lunch box sized rocket that you can strap to a skateboard and hold fuel in a special backpack
Maybe do something on getting zero point energy?
You have gr8 projects, very interesting and you have a lovely way of presenting the science.  Here is a simple project idea that you could consider: Fashion an energy diverter, that will take Solar or Wind energy off the house MAINS AC channel connected to the grid and DIVERT a percentage of the solar/wind energy down a different channel to charge alternative battery storage, which can later be used by the house. There are water heating systems that already do this BUT they cannot point to a Batter Storage System, so the solar is sent into the grid and not used by the house....
I thought you could float a ping pong ball because fluids bend around curves and hug them.. or maybe that's what you mean by stickiness.
So much hatred for tomatoes one can only wonder where it's stemmed from😢
Can you show how these would be connected to the house grid to run the house if power went out plus how would you create the steam to run it
I wonder if you could make a turbocharger for an ice engine car.
Can you just throw it in reverse? power the motors and get air pumping out of where you are injecting it currently?
make a Tesla turbine based homogeniser
Build a 3D-Printed Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) Engine for Low-Temperature Heat
Okay here's my idea I'm sure you've heard of the John badini schoolgirl motor actually Tom Bearden came up with the concept John came up with the actual physical prototype based on Tom's idea anyway my idea is to make the whole concept behind this particular motor is it one battery will turn around through the machine and charged four or five other batteries so make a solid-state circuit that switches the batteries around at the correct time based on voltage and how they're charging so you don't have to do it physically yourself that's my idea for a project I have faith I know you can do it I see your projects on your Channel all the time I have to call me let me know what you think that's it bye
What cfm is required for 30~psi to run it?
I take comment no. 5000! Where do you get the violin music you put int the background?
Can you do one, using the Tesla turbine as a pump? And also maybe combine the Tesla turbine with a centrifugal pump design? See if you can create a vacuum pump with it?
3:57 sponsor time
Hey... I wonder if some on could take a compressed air tank.. scuba bottle.. and regulate the air flow into a Tesla turbine, and power a small generator and run an elactric motorcan power a small golf cart size car? Lol. Or a motorcycle.. lol
So glad i found your channel! Could you explore and try and simplify how to Lazers are created and the physics behind them? And how magnification effects them?
Now hear me out Tesla turbines said they're very durable lower RPMs equals greater torque what if you use a thick mud that is clean from debris but is sticky could you in theory increase your torque and RPM
VIDEO IDEA: go through all 200 Tesla patents showcasing each one and our  current understanding of them.
new era of green energy goooood
Hey man, I know I'm just a humble passerby and you are way smarter than me in this. But I really wish you would give it a hack like Jeremiah did at creating it with a "Tesla Pump."  I know in this configuration, it can reach maximum efficiency, and upon research, they were meant to work together: Air bearing - Tesla pump - TELSA TURBINE - Tesla pump - Air bearing  I was thinking of storing heat in Sand and pumping water through it through a Tesla-valve (To keep pumping water through it, with normal pressure.)  Man, I would love to have experimented on it myself. But perhaps in the future, once I actually have more tools, my own garage and more free time. Otherwise I would have loved to.
Plsssss make less shorts and more awesome full length videos!! 🥺🥺
A mesmerizing journey into Tesla’s visionary mind! The bladeless turbine, a testament to his genius, dances with fluid dynamics and whispers secrets of energy transformation. Thank you for sharing this captivating exploration!
Can you adapt this turbine for use in an rc plane?
You should make a steam powered grinder for grinding tomatoes!!!
put dry ice inside the turbine instead, and let it self-warm in the atmosphere. you can also make tesla turbine a spiral.
2:16 WHAT IS THIS!?!?!?!?
Hi! Cool testing! Do you know the actual air flow (gpm or lb/h) that is going through the turbine? Thanks!
Hey buddy, can you confirm the air flow through the compressor?
I think you got enough resources to try Mayer's hydrogen reactor.  Please do.
im frome argentina im verry poor i need a 3d printer or a visa to europe
a railgun would be nise  you can also us the concept to launch rockets
I'd love to see more of tesla inventions on your channel. i think alot of his stuff gets overlooked.
Can this idea be reworked into a wind turbine?
Can this be used to spray water ?
Hello my fellow Tesla ,I really need a 3d printer,,,please so I can expand my work,,,THE NEXT VIDEO TOPIC,,,,WHY IF WAVES ARE CAUSED BY THE MOONS PULL,ACCORDING TO PROFESSOR DAVE,,,PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHY, U DONT GET WAVES IN A CUP OFF TEA,PUDDLE OR DAM,,,IF IT CAN MOVE THE SEA,,WHY NOT????
what happened to him? He hasn't posted in 5 months....
Could the bladeless turbine be used to pump water directly if we have a small stream in a valley?  Currently using ram pumps for irrigation.   .... or would it be best to use the turbine to generate electricity for an electric water pump?
Outstanding, love the video and its an amazing concept, would love to see one that can power the whole house.😀
Could you make a RC car with the Tesla turbine in it
Zero point energy
You don't like metres?! Do you like bananas?!
I'm from croatia the state where is BORN NIKOLA TESLA THANK YOU FOR  SHARING
Could gyroscopes be used to defy gravity?
what happened to his instagram profile?
Could that aluminum build handle steam?
Incredibly knowledgeable video Well done Love it
a car powered with  tesla turbine that have 2 hot water heater tanks with 4500 psi in it for supply.
wrong start, first turbine animated by your video is by Hero of Alexandria, this genius deserves to be mentioned here. FAIL on your side.
Can we make the discs with ionic thrusters (powered by induction?), to increase the frictional coefficient between the fluid and the discs?
could he make a video on how to build Tesla's turbine
What is a useful home application for this?  If I want to power my office how would I fuel this thing?  1200 watts of power is extremely impressive!
Yeah, imagine fusion reactors with moving housings around the plasma instead of the other way around.
post the soundtrack please
The nugget about it being his favourite invention was brilliant! Makes me think about his first endeavour saving his town fire brigade by unblocking their pump. Does this have issues with debris getting into the discs and destroying it?
Would this turbine connected to a wind turbine put out enough power to charge a Battery bank?
try to make a fully functional methalox powered rocket engine with preburners
How can I get one in Pakistan what’s the x factory price ?
T.H. Moray Generator would be a great segment!
Excellent video! I would love to see a video on a realistic self-sufficient household with solar, wind, hydro generators to give out electricity, and water. One with sustainable technology in time. Ideally with a greenhouse and a small barn. All technologies combined to give energy all year round. Taking advantage of rainwater,  sewage water, and making water through different systems such as desalination, electrolysis, and photolysis to mention a few ways. Electricity should be stored in different ways, like batteries for certain things, sand (thermal), and mechanical systems (flywheel and water pump). Automatic irrigation systems with sensors.
The turbine is the torque because nothing is faster than air
I enjoy nearly all your videos immensely.   I would like to see some content regarding gyroscopes using counter rotating pairs to vertically balance 2 wheeled vehicles, a bipedal robot, a hovering aircraft or anything along those lines.    Thanks for making physics and science in general, fun and entertaining.👏   Keep it coming.👍 Greetings from Canada 🇨🇦
___==
Only demostración of Viscosity or fluid...Tesla turbine.
Is Spaghetti sauce disgusting too.😂
its crazy to think that we could have had the industrial revolution in 100 ad with hero's turbine
Water turbine that uses air too
I m hearing some Thing about Mediums like Air ,Water oder Fuell's   I thought thats Wrong  the Tube should Turn its Spinn Trough Atmospherick Fahradyism Ionic Trust . or Less and More Temperatured ,Heated Gas  which are Driven Temperatur Trough Ionic Atmospheric Trust , the Torgue Of da Spill or Spin Seem s The Conada oder Huntigton Drift ,  The Disenegierred Modell , i think is , of Couse It's in Medium like Not The Fahradism  Spinn ,  its Constructed under The Drive of Gas or Fluids .   Build it ,Through Atmospheric - Voltage , Erdground Magnetism , and ( Gernerator ) or Wiredfield , With Magnetic Spinn .  the Gasshield And Temperatured Diffenzece By using A Generator to build ,3 Forces to , Kick it to Spinn , the Torgue Strenges .   Thanks   a nice modell.  lg Rupp
Will this type of turbine work with running water like a stream, but better efficiency than a waterwheel or screw format?
How thick is that aluminum sheet?
This video you is very interesting! Theoretically, Tesla turbines have the potential to operate on the principle you described, but achieving high efficiency and power from low pressure is challenging.  It is important to critically evaluate such experiments for several reasons:    -  Measurement difficulties: Power measurement in turbines can be complex and requires precise instruments. Without properly calibrated instruments and control measurements, the results may be inaccurate.   -  Prototype setups: The construction of a turbine from 75 aluminum discs is a prototype setup. Prototype setups are often not optimized for efficiency and may have energy losses that would not be present in a commercial design.   -  Lack of flow information: Information about the fluid flow through the turbine is crucial for efficiency assessment. Without flow data, it is difficult to assess whether the claimed power of 4250W is impressive compared to the invested pressure of 2.75 bar. In short, while the video is intriguing, caution is warranted regarding the results without knowing the measurement methodology, fluid flow through the turbine, and details about the turbine design. However, the previous point about the need for critical analysis still applies. Without insight into the measurement methodology, fluid flow, and turbine design details, it is difficult to evaluate the results. Still, I have a great respect and admire for you and your work
Make a hydrogen generator
Since this video was about a Tesla invention how about continuing it by how the Tesla tower would work with today's technology and not having to build a 186 ft tower.
make a nuclear reactor (PWR) ?
😉👍👍👍
I wonder how this could be used in aviation. 🤔
Sharp mind and sharp looks..
Wuld that turbine survive diesel engine exhaust
How about a series on teslas' different inventions
Expose a tomato to torridal plasma until carbon
Is there a way to use the Tesla Turbine on electric vehicles? Has anyone purchased one and did some testing on it?
Technically it could still be imperfections instead of sticky air. No matter how much you smooth a sphere there are still imperfections, if the earth was the size of a cue ball it would feel smooth to the touch. This is slightly different with machined balls as they are precision cut and polished to be as smooth as possible. With that being said, they still have multiple fissures of sorts in the material. With a low enough mass it could technically work as a bladed turbine.
made in china 🤣
Could it work with a death ray solar collector?
Make plasma thruster for a mono wing plane
@integze I love your program and I love anything about technology, please can you help me with small lathe machine??❤🙏🙏
Fantastic   Cheers  Dave from Scotland
I went down the rabbit hole of sussy mini-hydro dam construction and had a brain blast. All you need for high power output is ~40psi, right? Flow from a dammed up stream may not have enough pressure or stability to manage the torque output seen here, so how can we convert high flow into high pressure? My idea was to use the flow to crank an air pump into a compression tank with a relief valve gating the output. I may be speaking outside of my mind but this could be the key to legitimizing small scale generation to ease pressure off our infrastructure
look really cool but how dos the Tesla turbine output power compare to the other type of turbine with the same air flow?
I have an electric car that I typically charge with 110V @ 15 amps. I could charge my bloody car with that thing!
bro flexed the entire energy industry just by rebuilding turbines
So, you did that with compressed air, obviously people aren't going to be using compressed air to generate power as you would be using power to do so.  Have you thought of using a Fibonacci blade to direct the wind to turn the turbine and produce energy? How efficient would it be in comparison to other turbines, wind that is? Is it a viable solution? As Tesla's bladed turbine has little drag and the Fibonacci blade seems to produce more efficient energy from wind than other designs. I am curious.
suggestion: could you actually make a plane and use the tesla turbine?
great vid as usual Integza! Would love to see you try to build an anti-gravity device, maybe using gyros or better yet, get a rotating magnetic field to spin some mercury at insane speeds and see if you can get some type of gravitational effect. Just saying, it can be done... i think  🤔
Suggestion (just because i want to see your take): lightsaber, how would you make one?
You're right. The missing element is that we're not making local communities to help push for these changes. I'm about to try to make that leap and create a discord & Facebook group for my local area. We're a historic town who's lost touch with exactly that. Our history. We cant ride the canals, we can't take the train that's needed and was abandoned in the 70s. We're drowning in traffic issues and screaming to stop all developments when we should be advocating for more infill development patterns and density.
Thanks for your brief explanation
How thick are those blades? They look like coke can thickness
Man I’d love to get one of those generators… awesome vids
I think a good focus for a future video would be creating a model for a power grid for an off grid home using the Tesla Turbine and/or Liam F1 wind turbine. I’m sure a lot of ppl like me who r planning to create a off grid home and completely disconnected and not reliant on energy moguls
We need more themes around magnetic diy power plants.  We are going to have a major cyber grid down scenario before this next election, People need to start making their own backup power supplies.. And helping each other to create options for those in need that's affordable.  I am trying to create some myself...but could really use a three printer
I tried using Onshape,  couldn't get the hang of it. I love the "use anywhere" feature. May I'll give it another shot.
I can imagine a water tube boiler feeding steam.  But imagining is not the same as knowing where to start.  A friend suggests a fluid clutch as final drive for a 7.25” gauge Tesla Turbine loco
You don't magically get more power (WATTS) by magically increasing voltage.  You need more AMPS, which is the raw current that's generated.  Higher voltages simply enable you to carry the additional AMPS over smaller wires.
Can the blade-less turbine be used to generate power? And aren't governments using it as a renewable source of energy?
Could you make a diesel fuel pump. Making more pressure with the fuel, atomising the air and fuel better than a conventional diesel injector? Or instead of a conventional turbo…
Yeah, but how much does it cost to compress the air to run it. Plugging those lights directly costs less than running air compressor to run turbine.
Making A bladeless Tesla Turbine Submarine😮
Another YouTuber/ tinkerer named Robert Murray Smith made a hyperbolic funnel Tesla turbine. I thought making a "house glass shaped" turbine to do a Venturi effect of sorts would be interesting in a video especially if using combustion as a turbo jet or rocket alternative. Please and thank you.
If hooked up to a car battery to a air compressor n that tesla turbine to generator that charged battery , what left over for output is there gain n surpas 0 point
I’m trying to do a short description for children that explains the similarities of the Nicola Tesla engine and the Tesla engines of today. Would it be possible to see a comparison of these two engine types?
how would you feed that turbine realistically?
is it possible for a tesla turbine powered by air pressure from a trompe?
Your complaining about the metric system is childish. Please inform yourself before spreading such harmful nonsense. It is not even funny.
Keep doing tesla stuff. Wireless energy next.
How much $$$?
Ufo ,lightsaber
Ok so you get 1500 watts at a specific speed but how much wattage is used to power the jets of either air or a liquid that causes the plates to rotate.  It is a difference between energy created, (output) and energy input.  To gain torque you'll have use more plates as this guy did, but that also requires more input.  If that motor was all that good it would have already been utilized in our daily lives considering that TESLA design was invented many decades ago.  So obviously it is not as wonderful as you two are trying to make it !!!
Would love to see one of these Tesla Turbines on an industrial scale! Wonder what the max output would be of a warehouse sized turbine….!? 🤯
So cool bro thank you for your inspirational videos, these videos inspire us to do some thing new.
Lol.SoBotomline,PleaseKetMeUnderstand:ItsOverunity?
Love it❤
Water desalination...
I want one too
cool stuff i question you got the 20psi of air pressure from that vert large 2 piston gas powered compressor how much energy was used of fossil fuel to get the 1200w lights. what is the power denesity. is it more efficient to use a gas powered electric generator ?  i really glad i stumbled onto your channel. peace out brothers.
Can you also throw the mechanical work on these to IW 25 and the turbine work to MW1102, please?
As a proud JIW of IBEW Local 58, I have but one thing to ask of you.  Can we please handle the power distribution on every kilowatt to gigawatt generator you sell?@  😮✋️
more tesla stuff please
I would like to see a clean slot car. aerodynamically sound. They are incredibly fast now and using downforce to stay on the track.  great work.
To bad this tesla turbine isn't in every home everywhere, ya! And I laugh at stupid jokes, side note have you heard of mercury arc rectifiers would love to see these on your Channel peace out.
Awesome !
Found this reinvention ofthr Tesla turbine fasinating!
How could use this to generate power from a flowing river without redirecting river or water flow? It only has low speeds but high torque.
Set up the turbine over a boiler on a campfire.
How mercury bearings work in lighthouses
Ok, I want to see someone use modern understandings of material science to design one of those steam turbines so that there is minimal heat loss within the system, so it produces an optimal amount of thrust. It looks like the ones you show use copper throughout, which means any cool air hitting the outside of the pipes are cooling the steam inside and producing less thrust.  Unless I'm just stupid which is totally a possibility.  You can replicate the tomato thing with a ping pong ball because all surfaces have imperfections that will act as a blade.  Just because we can't see them that doesn't mean they aren't there.  It's just that the blades aren't what we would normally consider to be blades.  The turbine isn't "bladeless", it's just "visibly bladeless", because the friction on the imperfect surfaces and the air hitting the big surface area created by using multiple disks, you're just shooting air onto a absurd amount of microscopic blades.
Tesla is so misunderstood even for today’s times im glad you guys are putting in the effort to show his work. My favorite Tesla invention is the valve. Keep up the good work
2:34 "this design has been confusing EVERYONE ever since." Way to sound like the title of a terrible buzzfeed article filled with misinformation. There are a ton of videos on Youtube about the Tesla Turbine and many many people have made them. They've been on here for years. Why did you take so long getting to it? This has NOT been confusing everyone. Why even say that? You know it's not true, it's just hyperbole to trick your more naive viewers. It's manipulative.
If you put dry ice 🧊 into the Blade-less turbine it will go extremely fast
Please bring your beard Back! :D
who else expected a Honey sponzorship when he mensioned honey?
Next build a Tesla tower.
Idea.  Ramp pump to create energy.
Seems to me one could use water pressure already provided to the house to power a turbine like this. Even when power is lost, water pressure is usually still present. Plus it’s stickier than air. Perhaps use the water that’s en route to your water heater. Or tap off main supply. Every time you use water you start to generate power
Thanks, this helps with an electric car build I'm doing. I'd like to use the internal(produced) and external (natural) forces to re charge the car while driving.  Let's see how far we can stretch the range on one of these currently useless EV's!
I live in Jacksonville, Florida.  The tidal flow of water from the ocean into the intracoastal and out of the intracoastal flows very, very fast here.  If Charlie can make a tesla's turbine that can use that flow both in incoming and outgoing it would be perfect for this application.  He can funnel some of the flow to increase velocity as well.  Because there are no blades to hurt ocean life I'm sure it would be welcomed here.
What if you stack grinding disks?
🤍🤍
The disc's are a blade an a different form, so this is not blade less, maybe a traditional blade less... lol
Can you hook one of these up to a EcoFlow to have it charge?
How many Watts does it take to produce a constant 30 psi?
Gravity storage/generator using rivers(the water) as a weight. It is a concept that fascinates me and it is mind-boggling why it is not used. All you need is hose in river upstream and a big volume "tank"(or multiple of tanks) that when full of water from upstream drops slowly using pulley drops and this kinetic energy you turn into your output.
Thank for sharing this 👍🏽
And he died broke.
Make a perpetual energy device in an upcoming video.
I’ve always loved the Tesla turbine, and I’d love to see them  become more popular. But I have an honest question/concern. The turbine has been around for over a century, and people have investigated making it, but they determined it to be impractical. How is it that this guy just decided that everyone else is wrong and this turbine actually had amazing torque when everyone else said it doesn’t? I’m not trying to doubt him, but what are the chances he’s right and everyone who came before is wrong?
Question are you one of those guys that hates tomatoes but loves ketchup?
*_It's not shameful. Standard is just fine. You aren't superior to everyone else because you use metric. Get over yourself._*
This is pretty cool but I wouldn't call him a physicist. A physicist would never call vanderwaal forces "electronic."
I would love to see you create a quiet pulse jet!
I would like to see you hook that generator to steam and test it out
can this work with water?
They Are Not “BLADELESS”.
Can you make a magnet levitating ( flying) tube of halfpipe ?. So we can jump in the tube with a magnet suite. Inside pipe negative/ outside suite negative to. So you get the feeling of flying.
Nikola Tesla would be so proud of you integza, I look up to your smarts and revolutionary ways you find to make things work.
Great video! You could build a jet engine that has a hole in it. Let me explain: Similar to your Dyson engine, it could have a hole running through the middle to increase the output thrust. However, this time, instead of building the engine into the handle, you could build it around the hole itself. I've been thinking about this concept for a while after watching your video and would love to see this peculiar jet engine in action!
How about a Tesla turbine charging a new Tesla.
would like to see this run with flash steam
I need a 3d printer in my life
Hhmm, maybe instead of air and steam use magnet rotation. Initial startup with magnets then once power is generated it switches to electo magnets, self contained and maintained energy without external sources for startup. Just an idea.
Hello well here is my video idea for hopefully a 3d printer from MR. [ @ INTEGZA ] Try making an air powered [air motorized]  electric generator that can create energy to recharge the air tanks+batteries/super caps constantly while being able to run electric motors to power an automobile, also using regeneration techniques, i.e regen braking and some roof or panels with flexible solar panels all to help in energy recovery,  i believe something like this could be used to have a true electric car hopefully giving long ranges without needing to be recharged every 300 miles or so.  ( I know this video is a year old already, but I hope my idea gets a ton of LIKES so INTEGZA sends me a 3d printer or whatever he's giving away nowadays 😅.)  ☆Much love and Thank you all for taking the time to read my post.  Peace ✌from south Florida.  (😅I'll also try posting this on one of INTEGZA'S newer video in hopes tha INTEGZA hopefully sees and read my post.😢)
im in mi mums caaa, brum brum
test the tesla machine
plasma propeller
Pro tip.Don't just push... pulling helps too.
My first thought was the Centrifugal force it must produce . Even a slight movement of the unit when running would probably tear it apart.
I unfortunately don't understand how you could replace your existing generator with this.
Is possible to cover the disks  with aerogel in order to make jet engine?
Would love to see you try and power your workshop with the Tesla turbine and steam
Another great material, but thumbs down for insulting tomatoes!
Great channel! I’m currently reading Wizard. the life and Times of Nikola Tesla so was drawn to the title of your video. There must be any number of other Tesla inventions that were not brought to market!
How about making a video on the use of photoelectronic effect and making an actual photo of Albert Einstein with it...wouldn’t that be cool...
I find it doubtful that this would not see erosion when using a fluid with sand and rocks etc
Also love the videos I just found you on YouTube
How about using your bladeless jet engine to use as a power plant to produce the steam for the blameless turbine but use hydrogen as the fuel produced threw electrolysis power from the power plant basically a propeteral, self contained contained system
But can it be geared to pull a car?
I need a 3D printer,  Maybe you could do a video about "Sonoluminescence"?
>Be Tesla >Invent the craziest & useful objects ever >Go insane >Refuses to elaborate
How many Watts to run the compressor? Is there any energy surplus? Yeah... as in I use outlet energy to start the process, then I switch the compressor to the Tesla Turbine's output, and charge some batteries at the same time? Was this test made?
So when will these be incorporated into hydroelectric power plants? Or would a damn need to be custom built with these turbines in mind?
It would be nice to see a proof of concept for teslas energy harnessing inventions, but namely the coil and the metal plate design for extracting energy from the ether. 😊
Amazing
Tesla turbine steam engine boat
I would love to see this system powering the compressor that runs it. If it can output 3000w at 24v converted to 240v for the compressor it would be interesting to see how long it runs self sustainably until thermodynamics takes over and stalls it.
Awesome! Could you make an episode of this tesla turbine working with renewable energy sources? Such as tidal (air capture), Solar (fresnel lens) and wind (funneled wind) Please
So more power out than in?
Put a tesla turbo on a car
I just subscribed. Your video's are top shelf
Can you power the turbine from air, via air pumps. Powered by the turbine? If so. I’d make it powered souly by that. But to start it up. Maybe a small steam chamber that could be heated with a zippo or candlestick.
I really like to have one complete set working Tesla Generator. Please provide a working sample as a model.
Make a video of someone successfully making a wire edm electrical discharge machining tool
Man really said "I'm limited by the technology of my time"    Tesla was a genius!
How much energy to build up compressor hold tank vs output? Wouldnt it be better to incorporate  sacred geometry or numbers closer to nature? Have a great day, Endure.
make an HHO system that can produce energy on internal combustion engine or a rocket? or even use the HHO to heat up water to steam then make the steam to turn a generator? thats a huge project but you can do something.
Question/Video Idea: If the turbine is super efficient, could you do a video on energy storage vs say lithum or Flooded batteries? Say maybe, input energy to charge said batteries and then use an efficient air compressor and compress air with an equal amount of energy. So both input energys are equal (I know there will be a slight loss with the compressed air). Then see how much energy  you can get back out of the energy storage. All in all, I just want to see how the Tesla turbine holds up vs chemical energy storage.
How about building a Tesla coil powered fusion reactor!?
Do a video on resonant tunnel diode threshold logic (RTDTL). 100,000 times better than CMOS. 2.2 THz at 5 W.
Gotta see this powered with steam or some other power source other than compressed air. Something not using electricity already
god imagine what tesla could have done with the materials of today   Imagine "cheap old aluminum" in 1890
I love watching your videos, they always have great information. An idea for a future video, steam-powered Bicycle.
Has anyone ever charged a air compressor and powered the tesla turbine which then powers the air compressor on  board a go kart? Would it work as a cycle of power that doesn't run out until parts eventually fail? This is my entry for the 3d printer give away also, Thanks much. Jake
You stopped Argh!
How much wind and How efficient would one be to run a house?
Request/Suggest: Tesla's Button Lamp (Theory/Operation/Assembly, etc.)
Tomato sauce turbine
So if you boil water and put the steam there it'd be a efficient way of turning sticks of wood into electricity?
It works more better like solar  steam generator by compressing water by fresnal lens and diverse this to turbine @integza
if the efficiency reach 101% , The Entire Universe Would Inverse Down
I did what you said now I want a 3d printer....
Would it be possible to use pipes of heated oil to boil water and use the tesla valve to direct steam into the turbine? Collected rain water could be a possible source. It would be interesting to see the power output with steam.
Nikola Patented this ? how does that work
i wouldn’t mind a 3d printer
compressed gas R/C cars
What is maximum torque at 25psi and 40psi?  What if bicycle is fitted with his turbine, and small compressor for air?
Tesla came up with the idea before he was 10 yrs old.
How many of your devices do you think you can run on a rooftop aeromine system?
Ja genau, jeder sollte ein solches Mini Kraftwerk haben, da kann man das Stromnetz & die Kraftwerke verkleinern.  vor allem in 3. Ländern und schwer zugänglichen orten muss man keine Leitung legen usw. mir fallen noch 1000 Gründe ein warum das super praktisch ist, vor allem unkompliziert und wartungsarm so das es jeder selber reparieren könnte.                                  Aber gegen die Stromlobby die schon damals sogar Tesla das leben schwer machte und uns auch müssen wir was unternehmen. Baut euch die Kraftwerke in eure Häuser kappt die Verbindung zu den Stromzählern seit autonom produziert mit nachwachsenden Rohstoffen und verkauft den Strom ins Netz damit endlich das GLEICHGEWICHT sich herstellt, und TESLA am ende sich freut und Gewinnt, unternimmt was gegen die Monopolisierung!!! Diese TESLA-Turbine zahlt sich sowieso aus voll günstig ey, aber was viel besser ist es kann die Welt verändern, verbessern. es bringt LICHT ins dunkele nimmt es den Reichen und gibt es den Armen (Robin Hood-Prinzip) besser geht's nicht!! Ich habe gerade das Video gesehen und wurde total inspiriert und Motiviert, das sieht Ihr eigentlich alle.  Alle sagen das, &wenn ALLE das sagen dann ist was dran, nutzt das Potenzial tut gutes wie TESLA und verbreitet es und hebt die Blockaden auf damit wir gemeinsam weiterkommen, spendet das gesparte Geld der TESLA Fondation (wenn's das gibt) damit jeder auf der Welt Licht hat. Ich stehe 100% dahinter und werde es umsetzen und weiter verbreiten Pionierarbeit leisten. An alle die die CO2 sparen oder Bio essen die bewusst und nachhaltig leben.    Vereinigt euch!!! Ich schreibe das nicht wegen dem Geschenk oder so, weil ich es fühle und mich freue das Steuer selbst in die Hand nehmen zu können, und von der Heuchlerei mich zu distanzieren. Teilt eure Meinung baut es aus verbreitet es.  Wir sehen uns. & ihr hört von mir :-)  Falls jemand Rechtschreibfehler o. ähnliches findet dürft ihr es behalten!!!   Macht es gut!  Horizon of Trust ;)
You’re so cool man. Thank you for being an inspiration and source of knowledge for up and coming Mechanical Engineers like myself. Your videos have led me to build my own jet engines and constantly re-imagine what’s possible. 🤝🧨🚀
There is something called a fire piston that ignites air when you compress it fast enough. Oddly, not much can be found about what makes it work, and even chatgpt won't give the math on it. Seems like the best way to make fire, which is weird that all the other worse ways are much more popular. This is my suggestion for a video because it should have a lot of neat applications. Do you have a linear solenoid that is fast and strong enough to be a fire piston, perhaps? I don't know how to find one, and it'd be nice to know, thanks for lots of great videos
My suggestion for a theme for a future video is spinning super conductors. I've liked and subscribed! Could an architecture be designed using several spinning superconductors to manipulate field effects, possible through constructive and destructive interference? I like the idea of moving beyond material science to field effect science, eventually being able to manipulate matter through field effects rather than physical mechanics.
Its prob a miss-understanding... normal steam turbines nowadays have allready a realy high efficient (90-95%). And all the problems tesla turbins make just dosent make it worth to build them into power plants (besides its physicly even not possible...)
The application of the Tesla turbine but with fluid dynamics.
probably assssss efficient as current regenerative braking technology
❤can it be built allot larger and can the disc be made from recycled plastic or polymer ,,just alloy disc are great but the steam i can generate free has minerals in it so i would think alloy would not last long at all but plastic yes ,,and could it be built big enough to put out around 30 amp at 220 to 240 volt continuously??
Great little turbine, well done!! It would really be helpful here in Richards Bay, South Africa with all our electricity problems, the government here is really not worried about us in fact they are enriching themselves with all our hard earned money and we are fools for just taking out money and saying yes to them. With an invention like this I'm sure lots of South Africans will follow my footsteps and getting off the Electricity grid and being self sustained, and not relying on the Eskom.
Do you have a favorite Tesla invention? It would be cool to see a video on another invention of Tesla
Try this one
https://youtu.be/0IryZ1zR8dU?si=0cXXgh35_tT0SBCf
You need to measure power using a wattmeters in and out,  and definitely not believing that those two projectors are really at 600W.
This is one of my favorite videos of yours. Im glad people are experimenting with these ideas. Even if a tesla turbine might have a issue with torque, could they create gear ratios to transfer the torque to a more usable system?
I would love a turbine ,but they are expensive but I understand , I would love to see them all over the world plus all of teslers ideas re thought and put to good use .
Can the Tesla Turbine work with a non pressurized air, for example against wind / fan?
@integza have you heard of plasmoid generators? Look up thunderstorm generator. A device that can retro fit any engine and give 100% efficiency and 0 emissions.
Did the ping pong ball with a hair dryer as a kid, but I have NOT done that with a tomato, so thanks!  (Side note--too bad it's pretty much the end of tomato season here, he.)
I simply must have! I'd love to chat with you regarding inventions of my own, yet to be patented unfortunately, and your research that you've done.  I've watched many of your videos and you seem to be interested in alternative energy sources, as well as jet & rocket engines. You'll probably never read this comment so I'll just shut up now...
Can this turbine be used in ice engines to convert exhaust gases into energy?
Idea: other style of turbines can be used for energy generation, or propulsion.  I have yet to see a tesla turbine used for propulsion. You should try this.
Great video -my suggestion for next video: DIY 3D printed axial flux BLDC motor   (and for a bonus make it water cooled...)   That should give you something to get your teeth into!   Reach out to me if you want some design input.
This kind of people, makes history
Make a cloud buster!
So would this be cheaper than using energy from the grid?
I would love to see a completely off-grid set up with a wood gas generator, turbine for electricity and a bulk storage solution
@integza I think you should make a video where you have a Tesla turbine being ran by an air compressor that drives a generator and powers the air compressor and motors for a car… theoretically you could make it a self sustaining system with a solar panel and a few batteries that would never have to “refill”. Drive for free forever
I'd love to see a project that utilizes metal 3d printing. One of your turbine or rocket engines with 3D printed inconel would be awsome.
This is great I would love to see your extension on this in use for off grid situation and what options it would be for that 🔥
When you understand how it works with steam your mind will be truly blown. It functions as a condenser, extracting almost all of the energy before it escapes.
Oh, my! Tomatoes are disgusting? Well increase or decrease  your airflow and just drop it .
I will remember you when you commit suicide with 2 gunshots to the back of the head
The best part is at 7:00 minutes. A man standing proud of his work. (about 7:08)
The stress on the disk due to centrifugal force can be calculated using the following formula:  Stress (σ) = (ρ * ω^2 * r^2) / 2  Where:  ρ (rho) is the density of aluminum, which is approximately 2.7 g/cm³ (or 2700 kg/m³). ω (omega) is the angular velocity in radians per second. r is the radius of the disk, which is half of the diameter (10 inches or 0.254 meters). First, let's calculate the stress at which the disk would fail:  Stress (σ) = (2700 kg/m³ * (ω in radians/sec)^2 * (0.254 m)^2) / 2  Now, the tensile strength of aluminum is roughly 90 MPa (Megapascals). To find the RPM at which the disk would fail, we need to set the stress equal to the tensile strength and solve for ω:  90 MPa = (2700 kg/m³ * (ω in radians/sec)^2 * (0.254 m)^2) / 2  Solving for ω:  (ω in radians/sec)^2 = (90 MPa * 2) / (2700 kg/m³ * (0.254 m)^2)  Now, take the square root of both sides:  ω in radians/sec = √[(90 MPa * 2) / (2700 kg/m³ * (0.254 m)^2)]  Finally, convert ω from radians per second to RPM:  RPM = (ω * 60) / (2π)  ω in radians/sec ≈ √[(90 MPa * 2) / (2700 kg/m³ * (0.254 m)^2)]  ω in radians/sec ≈ 237.4 radians/sec  Now, convert ω from radians per second to RPM:  RPM ≈ (237.4 * 60) / (2π) ≈ 716.6 RPM  So, the aluminum spherical disk would likely fail at approximately 716.6 RPM given the provided parameters and a tensile strength of 90 MPa. Keep in mind that this is a simplified calculation, and real-world factors like material imperfections and stress concentrations could influence the actual failure RPM.
Nikola jr love the vids bro inspiring !!
I wonder if you could attach a tesla turbine to the exhaust of a regular internal combustion engine...if you don't need a lot of pressure, maybe you could recapture some of that energy  from the exhaust without negatively affecting the generator's output (much?), thus increasing the overall usable power produced...
Black ⚫️ Volt Now!
This is amazing technology from an amazing genius. Tesla was way beyond our time.
A Sterling engine video, please!
Love the video, I'm  27 year old blue collar worker(plumber) working on an invention! Your videos are very helpful.  Would be dope to see a video on the complexity of treating water 💧
Soooooo just thinking loud here but what happens to the power generated if you used a lighter material that is way more stronger than Aluminum? Wouldn’t that produce way more energy in a more compact scale? And with regards to torque could you possibly have a disc variation of let’s say copper and aluminum with its own line of air to give it that torque, along with magnets to use electromagnetic forces to propel the disk at greater speeds? This shit got me curious af. I see this as a good investment big time.  My only concern is you need compressed air to produce it which still needs fossil fuels to generate power but at a lower rate then what we use daily I think, if I’m understanding everything. I can see this go far
So if you could put it under a sail boat you could generate free power to the batteries. Day and night. Id be very very keen to try it as a way of getting more power while sailing.
Put a mini air flow regulator
❤
So, question.  If in the beginning you used air pressure to spin the tesla turbine.   Could one just use a "trompe" to generate cheap pressurized air?
ideia usando essa turbina usando um colector solar para criar vapor
With all the load sheading in south Africa you have given me hope to make myself one to keep watching your channel keep up the good work
I would really like it if you did an energy storage video with this idea and explore the the feasability of „cheap“ energy storage.   Scenario;  a compressor, 5kw/h battery, inverter and old large propane tank.   What kind of tank size do you need for 10kw storage? What are the costs compared to lithium-iron?
Would flow channels in the disks increase efficiency? Imagine if the first disk started from the outside and spiraling in then through a opening in the inner most part of the disk released its accelerated inertia onto the out brim of the next disk. They would have to be staggered and spaced correctly. Would be a very interesting experiment.
Nikola Tesla is my favorite inventor. How about you feature the wireless energy transmitter of nikola tesla or the emp shockwave gun.
Suggestions: Take the tesla turbine to pawer a engine  and put the air waste in the engine.
I mean, these are technically still blades, even if they are disc shaped because it is still harnessing friction and resistance into rotational energy
Tomatoes are good
This may a perfect replacement for toque converters in automatic transmission
Make an X-ray machine explaining the invention and how it works.
Is it possible to have or create a laser powered engine?
Hmm so you need to power it from compressed air or steam... both of which require power first to make. So if the grid goes down you need to burn fuel for steam or to power a compressor. What about ways to power this from renewables? He mentioned geothermal but i didn't quite get how dirty ground water could go through this device with no issues. What about a water wheel type set up on a stream?
I have been obsessed the past few years with fast ox gasification. I would love to see someone take an indepth dive.
You should use the Tesla turbine to try and make a generator that use steam heated from solar energy. Maybe water in black tubes or barrel, the black absorbs the heat, which heats up the water and makes pressure and steam to power the system. It would be interesting to see if a system like that would work. It would be really cool if you could somehow make it an  enclosed or mostly enclosed system to recycle some of the steam.
I actually bought machinist plans for a tesla turbine. Just never had a place to try to build it. I had heard about materials not being able to handle the speed without warping. I was going to see if pyrite hard drive platters could handle the speeds.
👍👍👍👍👍👍🇰🇿🇰🇿👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏🇰🇿🇰🇿🇰🇿
I like a printer
1200 Watts of generation is impressive, but it appears that you had a compressor with at least an 8 hp motor on it. If that is true, then you are using almost 6000 Watts of gasoline motor to drive 1200 Watts to electrical energy.  That is horribly inefficient.  Just showing generation capability is only half of the equation. Can you please go into detail as far as how much power input is required to get the 1200 Watts out?
Awesome vid.  How about an engine built with the power from the Tesla turbine.
Patents, not inventions is what you meant?
Put in car replace turbo balde
I think you should make a levitating turbine which make lot of energy
I like to use these type of generators
Is this video has the clue that Tesla's Bladeless Turbine has high torque better than other kinds of turbines? I need some explain about it..
Might be a simple question but is it possible to scavenge the exhaust air in sequence? If it is would the air source pressure need to be increased with each additional turbine because of of the friction?
I absolutely adore your videos, though respectfully disagree with your views on tomatoes.
Ok so to make it use wind in nature...
He should build a turbo for a car
I wonder if you could build a continuous air compressed engine that powers itself?
There is a reason, why nobody uses these turbines.
It's almost like a rotary engine
WE NEED MORE VIDEO OF THIS THING!
I am totally intrigued with the Tesla Turbine that you have designed. Have you considered integrating the turbine with an Axial flux generator with PCB stators? No need to hook up an external generator.
Thats crazy i had toy before that used that
You should use a pan or metal bucket filled with water over a fire to make steam to run the engine. Also does the motor generate enough electricity to power the air compressor?
Im poor like my comment
im not doing this fro 3d printer more because  you reminded me we should help each other i wouldbt mind the 3d printer. . pleas elook into the rol of light houses as free energy generators . i think the ligh houses where tsels turbins using ionic wind from oceans and the diffrence in voltage from atmospheric height i dont have the numbers yet but im begining to put together solid theory and some diagrams. i am new to this im trying my est to understand. how can we talk more about this not on comments?
You should use the same idea for magnetic generator
❤
Would be great to see how this performs with your 3d printed turbo charger
So source of  power input into the turbine should produce a power output??
I am the tomato king, names romano, i would like to defect. I see now ALL Tomatoes and tomawtoes are inherently EViL! I here by denounce my tomato being and i now identify as a Red Orange 🍊🍅🍊  Orange u glad i didn't turn into a woman!? Tss lol
What is the thickness of the single disc?
2:08 sees this. *sighs* Checks comments section.
Awesome video 😊
When the seller does not tell you about the disadvantages, it's probably not as good as it is marketed
Well the man that built the turbine is passionate if nothing else.
I’m not sir if you mentioned the efficiency, power in - power out. The clip shows that you can generate 1200W with just over 20psi of compressed air, although I guess the compressor doesn’t use 1200W but it would be nice to know. Also a comment was made toward the end of the clip that said if the grid goes down you could provide alternate power, how would the turbine be powered.
i had a plan to build one with copper discs (aluminum bronze tbh cuz it resists corrosion the most and still maintains like 2/3 the full conductivity pure copper can) but my idea was to create a "windings shell" much like the transformer windings you see and see how much eddy current or induction voltage i could catch
GREAT 👍   STUFF  GENTLEMAN  👏   !! KIND REGARDS  .
If there is a blackout, how do we get the air pressure? Bicycle with dynamo?
I'm on board and would love a 3-d printer. :)'
Why we need space between the discs??
Can I get one just bigger like car engine size
If using low quality steam, wouldn't liquid water slowly build up in the bottom of the turbine housing?  The obvious solution is to mount the assembly sideways, with the flat turbine plates parallel to the ground, and to have the steam exit out the bottom. But im certain applications, this could be difficult to do.
What about building a scale hydro electrification plant
Try to make the most powerful homemade laser, see if you can make it long range or to be able to do small repairs like welding/cutting with it.
Harnessing the power of water coming from rainfall/pipes with the small turbine to see if it can passively create enough electricity to make a dent in your monthly bill.
Ionic thrust jet engine that can heat up and compress the air soo much it ignites and creates thrust without fossil fuel.  Great channel and videos btw.
General relativity and the atheist psy op to eliminate the aether from physics was the biggest crime against tesla
my dad tall me 10years ago the tesla turbine is best option
I have a question/idea, could you use the Tesla turbine/pump to propel a boat? Instead of a conventional propeller and it would only need to sit on top of the water rather than under the boat.
can you include the more data comparing its efficiencies to other reaction turbine that would be more helpful? awsome invention , love to see more like this in future
can you build a laser using the blue spectrum of sunlight focused on a half silvered ruby rod?
View Energetic Cavitation Collapse by Marc Ramsey generating very high pressure with cavitation impact and G-Search Cavitation Energy Systems that demonstrates how water and cavitation bubbles produce steam power as demonstrated by many companies including Eirex Tech in Canada is involved with for hydrogen generation as well. .
❤ imagine how this could help convert lost energy from exhaust systems or any other purging systems into electricity. Install this into plumbings in a sky scraper and convert sewage (the liquid part) into electricity!
8 like the tesla turbine it inspires me because 8 really like efficiency of energy production and with that we could have so much power cuz think of it your car goes fast you get more electricity air goes in gets concentrated into the disc's they make power go to tire go fast faster= more air in intake basically infinite speed if there was no terminal velocity 😁 I like your channel teaches me alot
Seen couple of your videos already but finally decided to subscribe. You are bringing a little joy to my life with those movies or documentaries you can say. They are not only funny to watch but indeed has many informations that I think people especially young ones should know. Many inventions are being forgotten these days and people should know that sometimes it's not new technology that someone is using but something from the old times being reinvented. I wanted to also suggest to you a topic for the future as you are using those principals in your projects but i think never fully covered. It's energy converting, especially movement to electrical energy. There are many ways to do it. the most often is by conductor in magnetic field but also we have hydrogen fuel cells or peltier elements or even electrostatic harvesting. some of them are tricky and some are easy but only one is truly known by masses. One more time thanks for your work.
Any way to set them up in series? And if so how many until it's not viable?
fusion
Holy crap I've been following Charlie on Instagram for a while now and this is just awesome to see the behind the scenes
I like the dimples as spacers; what IF you add more dimples in a proportionate curve to add surface area?
0:55 Well the design could have been a lot worse...
Been watching you for years man love the channel 🖤
New favorite channel!
I'm new here and love these videos! You should do a video on sodium ion batteries, if you haven't already
Nikola Tesla was and is the person we should all be thanking, if it wasn’t for him we would be living in the stone age lol, he is the greatest inventor/engineer I have ever seen, I just wish I could have met him. This channel is great, thank you for pushing to build teslas turbine, if it wasn’t for guys like you we would be living in the Stone Age again lol , it s mechanics/engineers like you that have to build all the stuff, thank you man’ 💪🤕😁
Tomatoes are disgusting! 🤢 Love your channel, love your quirky humor, can't wait to see what you bring us next. I remember reading about the DYSON TURBINE that floats on the ocean and catches the winds in ANY direction with the slightest winds and of course beyond🦸. I thought that was interesting, and would be greatly practical if it produces, how it states... Anyway thanks for your videos, oh yeah and - BANANA!!!!
But sir, I subscribe when sponsor time lol 😂
Suggestion: A series on trying out every Nikola Tesla patented invention (i guess, interesting ones)
The future episode I want to see is related to this video, Tesla faced material problems when building his turbine in 1909, the disk rotation was too high for the materials of the day.   The video I would like to see is testing one of these Testur turbines to failure, how fast can it rotate ? I have watched you test many things on your channel to destruction and its not always a tomato !
I would like to get a 3d printer. It usaf I was a computer tech and a c130 hydraulic tech. My favorite Tesla item is a little known item the Tesla Valve. The great thing is that all normal valves today have a lot parts that ware out.  The Tesla Valve uses fuide flow to work making  sure it only flows one direction without any parts ware out and control direction of flow. A very out of the box thinking no one else has done.
How about a video on OPC engines?
Hear me out, strap it on a car and it generates more electricity for battery and speakers??😶
Air injected into the emf increasing the magnetvstrength hence field ultimately multiplying watts the power expotentially good stuff 👍
More about your collaboration would be great
This is awesome
steam turbine powered cnc/3dprinter
Can you try out the bladeless turbine against a hot spring or some other continuous source and see how much power you get and how long it lasts?
How about a diesel powered Tesla turbine?
I really do want one. I think i will try this with water :D
Maybe build a car with this motor that you just showed in this video without battery power is that possible?
It has blades, also there is more happening than only friction.
Very cool 👍🖖
Now to find some geothermals near my house
For someone who hates tomatoes, you sure have a lot of 'em.
🌟 'Promo SM'
2:16
How about a fusion mini reactor with the Tesla turbine and the plasma engine. I know It take a great amount of energy and something to contain it but it is slowly looking like a ufo technology. Food for thought.
In theory could you use river water to set up a washing machine generator using tesla generator methods
Some mechanical applications were builtting so many things that I think.
i would love one since i also believe thats the way we need to go... i believe there are more secrets this design may have
Sir Nicola Telsa is dead but   ....
Atmospheric water generators
We need more content using configurations of neodymium magnets as generators.
I would like to see a "joe cell"  for a topic
Tesla was an absolute genius. A god among men.  Autistic people are awesome. Especially those with savant syndrome like Telsa. And me... Shameless plug. I just dont have funds to be a mad scientist like Tesla. That being said he was easily a great deal smarter. Duh. Even einsteing said Tesla was the smartest man alive. (At the time. Id still say he was THE smartest man to have lived. Autism at its finest)  Anywho... Tesla is amazing, Thomas Edison is a theiving POS. Most of "his inventions he straight up stole from others or took their prototypes and paid others to finish them. Since he was the boss, he owned their work and oatented it under his name. Seriously a POS.  Anwho again... Tesla is amazing. Thats why I named my son after him. Middle name anyways. Thats right. My son's middle name is Tesla. And yes... Anybody that heres it assumes i named my child after a car. Because people are stupid/dont follow science in any capacity/are too dumb to understand it, aka stupid.
Can you make your own xenox thrusters my it brings more information 🎉
Tesla turbine powered go cart. Or smaller RC version.
1200w @25 PSI  HMMM..... how much does an electric compresor consume to produce 25 PSI????
You should power the air compressor off the generator itself to keep the air on, then it’s a perpetual energy device.  I liked the video, subbed and my theme is above.  Thank you!
I don't feel lucky enough to win anything from any of these these channels or episodes, but I wouldn't mind giving me parts on how to make my own Tesla turbine
Video on light power engine please...
Ok, if this turbine could be convertible to provide power for 4,3 or 2 wheeled vehicle, yikes.  I love tomatoes.
What on earth are you spraying out of that syringe 😂
crazy how that guy shot himself in the back of his head and hid his body
The immediate brilliance of the fluid moving closer to the center of rotation as it slows down from imparting energy to the disc, thereby moving to a slower moving portion of the disc as it slows down, is remarkable. Less slippage. More efficiency.
Would like to see what happens if you couple a Darwin turbine, (not really a turbine). With a Tesla turbine.
how asbout a water poered tesla turbine genrator for brown outs or remote living?
2:14 ''It cums in quick''
Non-slip condition
Fantastisch 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
question is, how much power was used to create the 20Psi? and how much difference in "electrical power created" is between a Tesla Turbine and a "Common Turbine", if both are driven by the same pressure source?  The concept is awesome. I still wonder how it fares in comparison.
Possible title for future show not pumping up just airing out, or as I like to put it eran out. Is it possible to trap the spent air and recirculate it adding less and less new air pressure until it sustains itself or close to as possible?
Great video, well presented and funny. Now my hair is wilder than yours as I can never get to a barber so could you make a video on a an automatic hair cutting device or better yet find someone that has invented one and send it too me!
Make a rumbair
Plasma engine
If I was to win and printer I would love to collaborate with you on vehicles. You make the propulsion systems and I design and build vehicles that uses the systems you design to help with said vehicles.  Aerospace, ground mobility and other transit vehicles.
Hmmm.. Building a crude Optical Computer might be fun ^_^  but this would be epic. Then again, making an AI/ML Optical Neural Network and trying to incorporate a Tesla Turbine in some way would be beyond epic level~  especially if there were ways to combine solar power and converting thermal energy back into the system to increase efficiency might make it more 'commercially viable' down the road..
Is possible to have jet engine that works under water?
I tried to find out the price on it.. I'm very interested in that
Where do used turbine blades go after they are crushed?
You should take that machine to Iceland and see what kind of output their natural geothermal energy can do.
Integza: wow that is a pretty big disc  Charlie: 10 inches 😏
In an effort to recycle, could you use old CD's as your disks?
I have a doubt. Why dont we use a Tesla turbine in a jet engine instead of a gas turbine?
I like ur videos bro..    I need more frds like u cuz usually none of my friends or family are even interested in this kindda stuff.   Hey quick question how much would one of these 3d printers cost?   It be kool to have one instead of making
This is all pretty interesting and all but damn, this guy's fit goes hard
Thats great do you have one that uses free flowing water?
how much did this  cost?!!
So if it can make over 4000w with 40psi then unsung a small $30 compressor witch can put out 150psi and using only 10w then this guy is able to take out more power than he puts in witch goes against everything we were taught . Am I getting this wrong?
Whats the flow rate (cfm). The "only 15/20 psi" pressure isnt a selling point if it takes 10000 cfm continuous to produce 1200 watts.
thats awesome
Now if you could Some how reuse the Air in a cycal that way the tubine can keep making trickle amounts of energy to some deep cycal batterys that would be good for longer term use
Here is a suggestion, use electrolysis to remove rust.
This is so awesome. Video idea. DIY power generating and storage. Maybe Compressed air energy storage (CAES)
How about cold steam? Did he try and tinker with it?  There is a theoretical heat generator to be build.
I'm just wondering.  How would you be covered in the event of a power outage if you need a compressor running to power the turbine? If you don't have power how will you run the compressor to run the turbine?
What a brilliant channel and  what found  i relly enjoyed  chanal sorry for my spelling
Imagine powering the turbine with tap water
topic for you, battle of the 40s :- Turbine types Axial vs Centrifugal...
Can you build onw thet using steem
This is freakin awesome and i hope to be able to buy one. Seems like a really cool guy. It was really nice of you to share his website. God bless
Hope I win that 3d printer. So i can make some cool stuff with my son. And make experinents like you do. I watched all your videoes and must say...I Liiiike It 😊
....so is this a REAL perpetual motion machine? like I have a 12V marine fan that puts out 7660 LPM I run it off a car jumper box with a variable resistor it as a 4 inch outlet, If I taper down to a reasonable air outlet to power the bladeless turbine, will this produce enough power to charge my car battery jumper box?? or how much power in the wind is required for 40 psi? I mean compressors use a lot of power, just wondering if you can use dc to make more dc.  I'm sure my 10amp fuse I have inline will blow if to much fan resistance occurs but very interesting idea....
What if you use it as a pump but with conductive plates and a ferrofluid? Would lenz law pull the the disks even more?
Hey can build AC Tesla great innovation  please
Idea: There isnt much info in the way of creating a diy magnetron?. Not like the ones in your microwave which are extremely dangerous but a smaller sputter with small but powerful  neodinuims and maybe a small cooling system. Again safety is paramount but the episode would be awesome to see. .thanks for your channel. i find the content enlightening and they always initialize my OCD for new diy projects with an overabundance of  ideas cascading out of my ears. I'd love to get a Tesla turbine but i want to try and build my disaster first, stare at it relentlessly and then place my future  order lol.
Grow a mustache like Nikola Tesla's please
Hey dude, loving it from australia .how about a clear, printed Duke engine ???
I would like to share my thoughts about your future projects. How about light airplane design drone that can flight over 1000 miles on a real high altitude.
How about a Stirling engine that can be connected to a grid tie inverter for the home.
make a very cool video
Great. Always FIND guys that tinker in THEIR Garages THEY have the knowledge to think outside the BOX!!! Amen 😃🦜 Alan
You should do a video on if hydrogen generators actually work on cars and their efficiency
The great thing about tesla turbine is that it’s reversible. Just suply the power and it works as a pump.
Teslas time machine.
No, they are not!
I love 💕💕💗 tomatos
Great video!! It’d be nice to see some real world applications on this :)
Wow this is amazing giveing mr some ideas!
Just found your channel today but wow just wow subbed and watching other videos.  Really enjoyed the ones I watched so far!?
Interesting tech. It's awesome bc it can be applied to many conventional steam systems. Like coal, natural gas, or nuclear.  I majored in steam technology. Specifically fire tube and water tube boilers. I never really took interest in turbine technology. But if a lot of smart people can get together and improve this technology, it wouldn't cost much to implement it into a steam/nuclear powerplant.
I want the patent book you have from Tesla, however there’s one left and I don’t get payed until tomorrow. Hopefully it’s saved until I can get it
That’s looking great!
Hoverboard ?
Add blade segments of a screw to the sphere so it blows like a fan. And only use one pipe up out of the tank and then bends horizontal  the ball turns on that section.
Wonder if you can make a steam engine from a Fresnel lense on a boiler from solar power enough to drive a generator of some kind.
I think it would be cool to build a steam generated blade turbine and a tesla turbine and using the same amount of steam on each generator to see which is more efficient and also which can handle the most wattage.
Thanks!👍
You should do a AWG Atmospheric Water Generator.  That's what we need in every home
Explain how A Old steam car Engine worked
To ainy biest objectors step'off! The future slows because of objective criticism.  My condolences to these very smart  guy's. Don't stop ever. Nice work.👍
Should make a video of this device running in a vacuum to see if it can maintain the output when the feed source is turned off. Would it be perpetual since a vacuum space would need an opposite force to stop or slow it down?
This is so amazing 😮
4:47 I Am In My Moms Car Vroom Broom
Tesla batteries!
Tesla was insanely cool. So different. Dude lived to be unique. Such as I. Anyways, love this video and thank you for taking the time to go through all the effort in the awesome perfect presentation!
Sir can we also make jet engine with Tesla turbine as it functions as pump and turbine both
A shame this channel is so clearly made for a younger audience, some seruously interesting stuff you cover sometimes
Nice one
I saw you video on Facebook, are you considering your designs for jet packs?
I love the person you are
Did I miss the part where they test that high torque at low rpm claim, or did they really just skip that?
What makes Charlie special is that he supports useful charts
I will be cheaper. I need an arduino mega controller board with its shell and motor drivers. I already have the rest of the 3d printer... In case I am chosen as a beneficiary. I propose that they talk about Tesla's cold energy and its current applications. Greetings and thanks!!
Is this nick cage?
So now that you have this turbine, how about next video showing how it could be used with couple of real life cases?
I'd like to see a video on renewable energy that's less common, for example a bio-digester that makes methane. Most of what I find is from Africa.
Here's something that you two might actually be able to figure out: Combining the principles of turbines and stirling engines to get a... Stirling Turbine! I've had this idea for the longest time, but have not figured out the engineering details. It could even be a Stirling Tesla Turbine. A Stirling engine with the efficiency of a turbine would be awesome. In principle, you "only" need to move the cooled fluid back into the loop, right? A steam engine injector might be able to do that.
Well, how about a video of tomatoes?, i was thinking of farming electricity our of a river but giving you hate tomatoes.
Use a tesla turbine with water vapor instead of air. One side warm water vapor, other side a condenser (turns vapor into vacuum) means temperature differential turns into pressure differential. Spinny spinny, turny turny, get electricity for almost free (solar).
love   to  see some  testing using different blades, ie  thicker, spiral grooved to catch the air even more etc..
You should do a home emergency electricy build with some kind of steam heat with rocket engines
You should do a video explaining pseudoelectricety and how we can do the most basic system to visually understand better to try and get more ideas around things everyone ignores
Great video,you should do one on hog generator
Theres part of me that wanted to see you stick the tomato to the end of the shaft and see how fast it would spin till it flew off/apart😅.  thanks for sharing, there is something fascinating about these turbines that i can't put my finger on
Wish I had a way to build just half of the things that are in my mind.
Gravity powered lights but upscaled  to use the weight of a house ,
3:34 I don't know anything about physics or aerodynamics but, my I tuition tells me the smoother object with little to no irregularities would work better, can anyone educate me on this?
Make a subwoofer with neodymium magnets
I think this could be really great idea if also it was hooked into a house's water supply outside of the house and use a sml steam turbine  to power the house using its own generated power off of the water turned to steam. So long as there is running water ud have power and if solar panels & wind where also used then that would b quite abit of power basically from only running water/sunlight and the wind which would b awesome. Only 2 things is something like this really needs to be thought about when designing a house to be built for it to make the most sense for most people. 2. Is that unless u have a battery there wouldnt be any way to store the power so ud have to use it straight away but a battery could be added at a later time as well.
If Nikola Tesla Knows This He'll Proud
Have you ever tried to recreate, 'The Wardencliff Tower', experiment? I would love to see you try and to see if it's actually possible!
Have you done a video on the SEG motor. Searle effect generator. Those had potential that didn’t get the fame. Or Rodin coil motors
put one of your invented engines on plane try to fly.........? we have seen many engines we want too see them flying so put it on the plane or something.......!!
can this work using water from a flowing creek / river?
ima be real, dont use white coloring for your fluids
how about an bicycle system to generate the air for this
I would like to see a video on using windmills to compress and store air. Maybe combine it with your new Tesla generator 😊
Amazing to see Charlie take Tesla's favorite invention and make it work. Tesla intended to give the world free energy. JD Morgan made sure he didn't. Great video.
Hi all, as a suggestion, demonstrate solar boiler with Fresnel lens  (less than $2) boiling (low pressure in boiler using tesla pump on both sides of turbine) pump water, with steam injector at pump outlet  (return  steam, vapor or water to boiler).  also send output of boiler to storage (use aircret or aerogel for isolation); now you have seasonal storage turbine runs non stop, build two for zero fault tolerance (there cheap).  If one fails use the other while repairs are made.  Runs forever as hours of sun light provides weeks of energy to run the turbine without fuel cost, now pump water from oceans across deserts or any where water is needed (as system produces distilled water), and get green hydrogen and electricty free!
I wonder what would happen if you run this turbine in reverse. Would it act as a great pump?
The discs need to be perfectly spaced the science works by the "stickiness" of each molecule never losing traction of the one next to them and so many over to still effect discs. The problem is its to effective and the bigger you go the faster the out edge of the disks spins. They would bust out of the housing and brackets
Suggestion: hydrogen motors
american useless units .... how they make crap ... they dont use good measurement systems based on the real world  . tomatoes are awesome if allowed to vine ripen .. that unripe one used is tasteless  . now take this bladeless turbine and go from power generation to jet turbine using the bladeless turbine ...
What energy is required to turn the turbine? And what is peak return?
outstanding!
Well, There is no electricity in Iraq (3 on by one off), So I could use a 3d printer to create something like that.. If it works
does the tesla turbine work with the IONIC PLASMA THRUSTER?
"Hero's Turbine"???  Oh God, what a nerd!!!  Feels good to be home......!   👍 PS: I first read about Hero's "engine", I think in 1961, in one of my _How and Why Wonder Books_  I never built one, but my Dad helped me build an electromagnet, with a HUGE "dry cell", lots of wire, and a nail.  HOME SCIENCE ROCKS !!!  PS: New subscriber--glad I found this site!
Hi, please, what is the energy balance???
ok, so if my grid is out of power. How long Tesla turbine will work with that 100l air resiver? 4minutes?
If you know you know.. In Belgrade(Serbia) there are two Tesla turbines that works more than 100 years one is in Ada lake in Belgrade and second is in Tesla museum in Belgrade...
The disks are the blades.
I'm curious, Can you combine the ionic truster and the tesla turbine. ??
The next. Ideo should Be about  how to make mini magnetosphere for space ships to protect t them from cosmic radition
Because of Joel & charlie I’m designing my own Tesla turbine. Thank you for the fun inspiration!😂
It's not standard dude. Not even in the same ball park American units are used in the USA and NO where else in the world where they ALL use metric. Got to be center if the world...Standard units LOL
What’s the steams source? We have blackouts daily will do great as a backup power source
Now that you have a turbine you need to make some superheated steam to run it
I'd love a video on the prctical evolution from Maxwell's equasions. Good stuff and bad stuff examples maybe! Cheers bro! Love the Happy excited approuch in your video's!
There can never be a replacement scientist for the great Nikola Tesla!!
Now he may want to consider learning about pairing a 3d TESLA VALVE ☆ TESLA TURBINE?
A simple thanks!
Good time everyone, nice video, and technically advanced and understandable, thank`s. I have one suggestion, if you make the turbine bigger in diametre and build in the center of the blades, which will possibly give more power to compress the same air that comes out and turn it back, since we apply the force along the outer diameter, we will need less compressed air power than we will get from the middle. Good mood and new ideas to all inventors) I`m sorry if I have some grammatikal mistakes
I really enjoy your content! Keep up the good work! May I suggest you get into Orgon generators? You could cast some and observe their effects! Got to go, my tin foil hat needs some more layers!
Very informative video - thanks man!
This would be great to integrate into a pool or spa build... Using the steam from the heater to energize the pump systems & chlorine generation thru saline... A natural hot spring could energize a remote small community.
I love this video! Very knowledgeable!
Would it still work well if there was a spiral? Or a few separate spirals(with spacers) inside?
I am late to the party on this video... oh well, will try for the next, but might be late as well. :P Great video as always; this is an amazingly fascinating concept!
Snape painting behind? 😅
I'd love to see variations on the tesla turbine design.  Most of the videos I see are on its use as a turbine, but it can also act as a pump, so could it not be adapted as a propulsion device for boat or aircraft?
Suggestion future topic: Frequency and Water Memory Throw in some cymatics, of course.
Now build the electric oscillator (earthquake machine)
Can you rebuild the quantum vacuum Energy device that is featured in the documentary a lost century by doctor stephen greer   It's supposed to be nicola teslas Idea
"I Want That"
@Integza   I wish I had seen this video 3 weeks ago when you first posted.  I would love to be the platform by which this generator is tested publicly.  You see, I'm a mechanic,  I'm currently without work, I have no savings, running water, or electricity, due to where and how I'm forced to live.  As a mechanic, with a life-long interest in the sciences, I actually understand what makes Tesla's design work.  I also understand why it failed.  A runaway reaction will cause the device to literally blow itself apart.  Still, the mere fact that someone actually managed to make a working, practical generator is extremely impressive. The somewhat limited amount of electricity generated would be plenty for my needs.  Most companies or tradesmen who utilize generators usually use units of A/C output, with greater capacity, and may not use it every week, let alone all day, every day.  In my situation, the opposite would be true.  It would be rare that I WASN'T  using it, and a D/C unit would suit my needs nicely.  Unfortunately,  as I said, I have no savings (apart from a pile of pennies on my nightstand), so I can't afford to purchase one.  (Of course, there's always the lottery,  but I'm not holding my breath waiting for that)  If it's still possible for me to get one, please consider my humble request.  If you doubt my honesty, you can come visit me and I'll show you exactly how I live every day.  Great content.  Keep it up.  One thing though.....  .....tomatoes are awesome.  Without them we wouldn't have pizza and other Italian food, and I love Italian food.  😉👍
I love the video! :D
I dont think that prople realuze the impact tesla had on their lives. Most dint even know his involvement with Niagara Falls. Id suggest following up on his free wireless electricity for all. If you havemt already.
My idea for another video, in reference to the 3D printer give away.... I do hereby propose to you sir, that will you please make a video where you take your ion drive plasma thruster that you were using to push the helium balloons like zeplins. Yeah well anyways I wish you'd make a larger one, or maybe three, or four slightly larger ones in the size of either one that's like thirty-six inches across , or three to ultimately serve in a personal "parasail" ,as an more effective, efficient, economic, and environmentally friendly, but even most best silent and simple.... And I'll try it with the 3D printer and if you want I'll be the test pilot off the small craft... It would be even more awesome if you could also show an effective economic or affordable process to make a parachute from every day stuff available to the general public... If I could I'd totally do my best to make it a reality because I think it's a no brainer and might generate lots of attention to your channel.
How about Tesla’s wireless electricity
Build a jet engine to run your Tesla turbine. See how much power you Can make.
So the question would be... how would you make a set-up to run "basic" utilities in a house during a power outage?... how large of an air compressor (gas operated) would you need to run how many of those smaller turbines?... So the blades won't deteriorate... but what about bearings and other parts? Could you run it of low pressure water flow by diverting some stream water?
Kool ,THANK YOU
Neat!  That Tesla turbine is fantastic!  How about “how to grow less disgusting tomato’s” 😂
combine it with ionic trusther
Cryopherous time!
I wonder if you add a stackable planetary gear system what kind of output you could get from this using a closed loop steam system
What is the efficiency for a 5 or 10 HP Tesla turbine vs a similarly powered uniflow reciprocating steam engine like a Skinner Uniflow?
Damn! Never thought I'd be tempted to drop a grand on a steam generator
Would love to see acoustic cooling demonstrated.  I think Ben and Jerry's were looking in to it at one point as a way of saving money and then I never heard anything again. Would love to learn more about it.
Awesome.  Tesla blows my mind every time I learn something new. Thanks for everything!
the stickiness is called Coanda effect.
Video idea. Try to build a transparent linear cyclone.
For your next video   "Free Energy Generators is a Hoax or is there a DIY method ?"
a telsa trubine sounds perfect for a car turbo, would use it to power the compressor.
🎉Free Onshape!!!! I wanted Onshape forever but didn't want to pay money!
❤❤Watching from Africa- Very Engaging vids😊
I think you should build several Tesla Turbines in series and power them with steam (wood fired). Then run something like a refrigerator. Off grid living with a TT!!
You should do a video on fusion power
Loving the videos, I would love to see you invent a small portable wind turbine, for use on camp sites, but not the standard propeller type. And I do like that Tesla Turbine.
What if you built an r/c car powered by an air powered mini Tesla motor
Given he said this thing has higher torque at lower speeds won’t it make more sense to put gears in there driving up the power output?
I swear, this is the company I dreamed of making three years ago. I even had the same target price of 1000 [insert western currency]. I knew it could be done. So happy you got there before me, it was going to be a lot of work. Bravo!  P.s.- Can I have a job?
One of my favourite things about the Tesla turbine is that it gets more efficient with RPM due to the centrifugal force compressing the air and making it do more rounds before escaping through the middle, also increasing its stickiness to the blades. That moment when the air and blades synchronise and it noticeably jumps in speed is awesome. I saw it somewhere on youtube years ago and it blew my mind.
lets goo...time to build 1 and improve the desighn if possible
how about no turbine, no blades, no battery and no chemical etc..we have phantom technology that creates electricity too.
Is it possible to make the fluid is magnetically charged and the discs as well to make them push each other as well as the stickiness? like ferrofluid or something like that
When are you going to order the Liquid Piston Engine and stick it in a car?
Great engine! And I've been dreaming about a 3D printer since I saw the first real one.
What's up with your hair?
Great video.  I live in South Africa and with loadshedding, that would be a great build for household use.  Can you do a video for a DIY generator that is cheap and easy enough for the average Joe to build it themselves?
Seems like nonsense
..Wait.. How long can you run an air compressor off the energy-output from these turbines? Course it's not "free-energy", but maybe this could be modified to make compressed-air power last as long as possible.
Hope the lucky be with me iwan a 3d printer, really amazing videos❤
When you get 5 hp out of 40 psi don't you can get infinite power out of it?
so, in the end what is the spent power and the gained power in output? or is just for fun so you cant produce power at all?
Snake oil bullshit.  Clickbait bullshit.
Your using the Wrong Bearing  System...
Can you do a video looking into Torus generators? A paper in 1992 out of M.I.T. went over them if youd like to read it.
Tesla is the future back from the past 😮
Imperial measurements should be banned from the world
Can you do a video on rocket engines next? Maybe build a model and explain how it works?
What is its efficiency???
I want a clip of Integza saying "ping pong ball" to use as a ring tone! 😅
build a mini wardenclyffe tower!
You didn’t state how much power you had to use to generate a given amount of watts. Is it even practical or efficient?
I dont know why but i dont think electricity is the way to go for energy source.
Wasn't the biggest flaw with the tesla turbine that the wheels turned so fast that they warped the discs and eventually they would spin so fast it would cause them to fly apart?
Can you test using electrolysis to make hydrogen to power an engine except using fuel injection to offset the gain of the hydrogen to see if the hydrogen is a net gain in fuel efficiency unlike other test using a carburetor that cannot offset for the added hydrogen
So can you connect the power supply from the generator to a electric air compressor to keep creating compressed air to keep creating power. Free
Hey....here's an idea.  You know paddle boats?  Would they work with a Tesla Bladeless Turbine design?....and if they do, would they use less energy to push?
so close to making an account
Good work and please make A mini rocket that uses soler power.
How about using the unit off grid camping
omg omg omg omg i wound do ANYTHING (anything) for one
3d printer?
they are used a lot in industries, pumps for particle filled fluids :)  So they are everywhere ;)
Imagine you came out next week with jet engine with telsa turbine
Could the Tesla turbine generate enough power to run an ion engine
Can you now make a video on potential pressure/fuel source?
Can you make an application video? Applying this Tesla mirror to a solar heater/rocket mass heat/waste oil burner that produces steam to generate power to run a tiny house (e.g. home without power in a place like Phoenix,AZ)? Or store in a battery? Can the water be produced by a solar water generator?
Video suggestion: extream bug zapper
okay okay okay bro, makita has a 40v battery air compressor, can we, for say, charge batteries with the tesla turbine, but use the 40v cordless air compressor, and um, charge the battery faster than we deplete it. i mean. MAYbe?
Really good, it could work as a small residence generator using steam.
7 shot cylinder u better be gettin with @demolitonranch n our new congressman from texas who is making the ak .50 caliber so get that shotgun revolver you've always wanted with them demo ranch just shot the gyrojet pistol yeeeeeeee its all ur style
Pretty neat.  Id say i was left hanging though as to potential practical applications (the wood stove idea above seemed interesting).
Will there be a video on the Sterling Engine in the near future?
Yo yo dynamo battery thingamy wotsit
Sometimes the most simple thing changes the world
Blades no blades it's all about collecting the energy why are you confusing people with semantics.
Keep saying it don't have blades but it does each disk is a blade. Duh when the fluid hit the spoon it's still the surface tension or for dummies surface empact.
CAN YOU DO A VIDEO ON HOW TO BUILD A ABOUT HOW TO MAKE A FULLY WORKING Kapanadze Generator FROM EVERYDAY COMPONANTS  ROUGHT FROM ALIEXPRESS🤓
Power a car with it! would be a good vid
Why arent the government at your door
Tesla is still teaching us how stupid we have been even now.....
Way too cool! Tomatoes are disgusting!
Wish i had a brain that could do dat
Has it been tested with steam yet?
I need I want the 3d printer please !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉
Nikola Tesla's Bladeless (WIND)Turbine...
Not sure how I stumbled across this video but yh! Tomatoes are awesome,,,,,js 😂
What is the efficiency diffrence from let's say a vane turbine?
Cool we all have a cheap compressor as a battery by comboing this as a generator without toxic fumes to deal with.
3D printer 🖨️ and the turbine needs to be mine lol 🤣 no fr though like seriously.
I know it's not the point of the video, but seriously how much power is being consumed vs what is being generated?
It would be interesting to see gravity fed water from a high reduced down to create a jet nozzle to power of one of these Tesla turbines
Been trying to build something similar but this guy is light years ahead of my slow a$$!
I want one!
Awesome!
Wireless energy transfer
Can you make a video about make tomatoes not disgusting?
What is the failure point of these tesla turbines.  Having seen other videos, the problem scaling up the turbine is that the materials used typically cannot handle the large rpms generated by Tesla's design.
he is 100% a Nikola Tesla fan boy, don't lie to me. Either that or he's a mixologist from New York in 2014.
Charlie's tendency to dress like NT doesn't exactly help his credibility!
Finally this video, ive been folowing the original creator on instagram for so long
What is the efficiency?
Tesla Turbine x Nuclear Powered steam
The man had a pocket vibrator that could shake whole buildings. The turbine was hardly Tesla's best invention but that's a matter opinion. Great video tho and how awesome it is that made a working model. Keep up the good work my dude...
I hate the fact that they have suppressed every single one of his inventions that would put us ahead and free.
That guy look like a distant cousin of Tesla
# 3d printer😝
Get an electric air compressor and hook it up for a loop back effect? May work if set up correctly, and if you have a big enough turbine+ compressor, with a high efficiency, you could still power other things at the same time, though they might not be big
Suggestion: DIY solid state battery, because we all know that NASA is too slow to wait for it to deliver.
Hmm so if your in a hot place like Texas. You could in theory make a steam from the heat of the sun rather easy. Then pump that steam through the Tesla turbine and well electricity.  IF you put the excess heat into a sand battery you could also get some power at night. This does not solve winter but hey every little bit helps.
Here in the states we use natural gas for hot water and sometimes cooking. Since those gas lines are pressurized I'm sure you could hook a Tesla turbine up and have a practical generator for when the power goes out. But what I'd like to see is how efficient can you make this? Would burning the gas in a chamber increase velocity and improve power output in the turbine? How would the efficiency compare to a standard generator?
What an awesome bit of kit. Could its efficiency be increased by running it in a vacuum? Less air resistance to overcome, could hit some insane rpms
Awesome channel
You look like one of those comic cartoon characters, get an operation
Don’t buy this crap
This turbine still long way to go ... Today still not good material cover the power
Nice
Just subscribed! Love your videos so far!  I had an idea, there's plenty of videos out there of people rigging turbo chargers to fire buckets to make them burn stuff faster, an those things put out some decent pressure.  What if you rigged something like that to your bladeles turbine   1200+ watts an all I have to do is light a fire, ignoring the fact that it could exsplode ofcourse lol
Can you do the opposite way and use the turbine as a pump?
Any idea what the possible electrical output of the one he is selling?
New subscriber here!  Love your Tesla videos, been binge watching them.  As a fellow Tesla fan boy, I'd love to see you build and test his Radiant Energy Harvester!
I want a video on 3d printing technologies in the current stages.
Really cool video!  Thanks for sharing
You should try building a jet engine that uses a tesla turbine in place of a traditional one to power the compressor
I am 2 weeks late. But I love to do the ping pong ball trick using just my breath.
I love the things you've been making. Recently I've been thinking of ways to go off the grid in a canadian forest. Something like this running off of a wood stove would be amazing. I'd love to see you make some more unconventional but extremly useful tech.
What about an impulse turbine powered by your ion thruster?
i have 2 ideas i would love to share in regards to clean and highly efficient energy production
Use car exhaust and use turbine on rear axle.
you could try building a Victor Schauberger repulseine engine ! Or charged Di-electric discs even how to utilize the biefield brown effect in the modern day . Great channel keep up the cool work and thanks . Regards Iain
Now I wonder if this could drive enough power to fry a tomato
Now connect it to a binary power plant using alcohol under a vacuum which depending if you had a full atmosphere would boil at about 35 degrees. So basically room temp in summer. And use an enclosed system with Freon or liquid nitrogen for the cooling tower and bam endless energy using heat no it’s not free energy it just efficient.
So intelligent but runs the worst rc car. Well the company is actually the worst but cars as well. All plastic shit.
Is there a requirement for dudes who work on Tesla technology to wear top hats and dress like it’s the 1920’s? My dude head is double vested up and fresh as hell I might add.
make the most powerfull edf
Solar steam
Awesome video! I think a really cool idea for a video would be an in depth on how to go about the patenting process for any of the creative minds that you inspiring. 😊
Hey, love the content! How about a video on wood gasifiers. They were used back during WWII to power cars in Europe as all the oil and gas was being used for the war. It can power a gas generator by aiming the gas through the air intake. Cool stuff.
Magnetic drives, what about that for a future topic.
anyone understand i the tomato is floating in the air
You should combine tesla turbine with this https://youtu.be/QFHsJrxwvY8 ... Pay very close attention to the words at 1:30 - 1:35
Hmm im suprised he has not used 3d printed casting where u make a 3d print or resin print fix it up make a mold burn out the plastic and pur metal in it that should allow you for easy manufacturing of turbine parts
Tesla turbine was awesome, do you think you could do some kind of flow battery since green technologies are
I love inventions like that. So awesome!
build a 1:1 scale tesla coil and program it to play music
That Tesla turbine would work perfect paired with a compressed air battery! Great video, cheers
I don't believe there is an energy crisis, more an energy mismanagement crisis but if there was an energy crisis you have solved the problem, the figures are amazing, input to output, this could be run anywhere in the world that has pressure outpours, Iceland is the obvious choice for it to be used, but just about every country in the world had pressurised springs, geezers etc, unbelievably cheap and few moving parts, the two bearings on the main shaft being the only serviceable items,
Video Idea: use Tesla Turbine to power a flywheel energy storage system
The reason why Nikola Tesla never made the Tesla turbine mainstream was because it was literally so efficient that the materials at the time would have ripped apart from the speeds it reached
Would love to see if you can power the generator with a mountain stream
The theme for a next video should be how to make a simple tesla turbine step by step using the least equipment possible.
This video is great.. Can you follow up with a video that will use this generator to convert the output to hydraulic pressure for increased frictional work?
Suggestion: 3D printed Food!!!!!!
What About using this in Boats and ships Since its kinda silent and has less noise pollution so it won't harm the sealife as normal engines do.
I have an idea to re create teslas idea for an electric airship with no battery powered by Tesla coils
Soo just a suggestion possibly generated turbine with bike pumps where the pedals are possibly a swivel type motion to compensate for the circular motion I love this idea though lately Telsa turbines have been in my mind lately and I always loved to build things and make things work it like some weird thrill
can you make a RC plane using your last turbojet engine?
Can we get a video on opposed piston engines?? I really feel you would cover the things I want to know but can't seem to find
Noooo, how is charlie, was he already found suicided with 6 shots on the back?
Wait why the need for compressor? Why not combust the gas and let the combusted gas go to the turbine in which the turbone also run the carburator to let the gas running? Or better, is to install a testla turbine in the exhaust of a generator to add power
I suggest building a bladeless hydro generator 😮 im curious about how this energy would transfer from a constant flow of water. Also i would love to have a 3d printer 😆
Can you build a working rc glider with that ionic thruster you made.
To bad the oil economy uses the American dollar, we would have lots of energy sources. America kills anything that threatens their dollar.
Great work but i'm sospicious about the fluid travel and the stagnation of the fluid during the energy exchange. According to the natural flow of water (which represents the 100% energy efficiency) this is a Francis Turbine without blades and with extremely high load losses for friction. Not good for water, even for steam. I'm really curious to see the H-s graphic of this turbine, compared with typical Rateau stage, Thermodynamics is not an opinion 😅 Bye!
I’d love to see one of these turbines operating by water pressure, like from a stream or river. Could be used to generate off grid power
Tesla is genius
Finger fingers fingers!!!!
You should make a video of a tomato self destruct. I don't know how but there might be a way
Can this turbine do the opposite too? Like taking electricity as input and thrust as output
Instead a multi staged steam engine, couldn't a generator using the exhaust gas power a tesla turbine.   I understand restricting the exhaust flow well cause issues with tuning, but couldn't that be overcome?
Make a tesla coil?
I don't have any ideas to suggest with but your videos are cool and awesome!
Video concept: Tesla turbine connected to gasoline generator exhaust for additional output
What about a DYI solar panels? or a DYI power wall for storing extra power?
Make a video on wireless electricity
can we make something together!  Just discovered a new tesla invention!        Picture a wacky invention straight out of a cartoon. The contraption is a glorious mishmash of shiny Tesla coils, whirring gears, and colorful buttons. It has a big sign that reads "Tomatoinator 3000" in bold, exaggerated letters.  As you approach this contraption, you can spot several rows of tomatoes lined up, waiting fearlessly on conveyor belts, as if they're preparing for a tomato race. The tomatoes have little wide-eyed expressions, and some even wear tiny helmets, adding to the comical atmosphere.  Now, let's dive into the ingenious components of this chucklesome creation:  1. The Tesla Touch: As you touch the contraption (carefully, of course), electricity crackles and sparks fly all around. It functions on Tesla-inspired electrical principles, ensuring an electrifying experience—quite literally!  2. The Cata-pultapult: Suddenly, tomatoes are launched into the air by a mini-catapult in a completely unpredictable manner. They fly around like tiny veggie rockets, causing giggles and awe. It's like a tomato-themed carnival ride, leaving you wondering where they'll land next.  3. The Temptation Maze: To encourage the tomatoes to willingly participate in their own destruction, the contraption contains a maze of enticing tomato treats. The tomatoes merrily roll along, following these irresistible snacks, only to meet their ultimate fate with a joyous splat!  4. The Whacky Blender: As the tomatoes reach the grand finale, they are merrily plopped into an oversized blender, giving it a tomato-centric twist. The blender spins wildly, accompanied by exaggerated sound effects, creating a whirlpool of tomato chaos.  5. The Energy Conversion Extravaganza: Blending the tomatoes doesn't just produce a mess; it also generates energy! Behind the scenes, hidden gears, belts, and turbines take all the tomato carnage and convert it into clean, chucklesome energy that can power a range of hilarious contraptions.
Great channel. 👍Can you do a video about wireless power not for you phone but. For cars , robots and other things. Thanks for this one
What is the largest scale that could be built. Is it feasible to take over a small generator  for a home. If so how large would it have to be? Very curious.
Nice
I would love to see how this turbine would function in a real world scenario. To me it would make sense to hook one of these in line with a water tower and let gravity do the work of powering a portion of a town.
Tomatooos are great!
can someone share the pfd for the book shown in the video
If I'd like to power a house, what would be able to produce this pressure to feed the generator? Where can I find this source to make use of the generator?
Will it work better if the air is pulsed?
Could You Make feed bak with tow of those💿💿💿
I would like to use the Tesla turbine in combination with my solarthermal cell
3D Printer needed for future city prototype 🙏🗽🧘🏻‍♂️⛩️🎯
video suggestion: create a turbo for a small engine with one of these
Make a full size rocket engine
I would like to see Tesla's Electric Car that moved without a battery
I recommend my wife show her students your channel so they can see how much fun science can be
*Please make a video about stirling engines and making one which can be used to generate roughly 10-15 KWh/day.* Most fridges need roughly 13 KWh/day, and most entire households need 20-30 KWh/day, to function decently for half a year, and roughly 30-45 KWh/day to 40-60 KWh/day to function at peak efficiency including using electric heating and AC (for houses which don' have gas stoves or gas heaters). And the benefit of it is that not only can you use any source of heat to power it (including solar and burning trash or normal fuel or unclean fuel if you need to), but you can also run it in reverse by feeding it torque (i.e. from another stirling engine or steam engine or injection engine or renewables or animal power or human power) to turn it into a heat pump (i.e. turning your cellar into a fridge/freezer, if needed). Even if you only manage to make a Stirling Engine capable of generating 1 KWh/day for one video and in another video changing some parts to make it a heat pump (i.e. the heatsinks, the freezing plate needing thicker fins, because thinner ones won't transfer enough heat before freezing), and then make a mini-series about making the 10 KWh/day Stirling Engine, it would still be great to have you try to build one from scratch, which to be done so people can easily replicate it using off-the-shelf parts and tools (even if it requires the usage of a CNC) to generate power without needing to deal with dangerous things like pressurized steam.
Hello! Firstly I love what you are doing !!! Keep it up! secondly, i would love to win 3d pronter( i have not won anything in my life but steel ill try my luck) Have a grate audience’s on your channel . best regards!❤ Make More nicola tesla invention Videos please!
And if I puts in a car exhaust? Or in the motor hood in front of the car to get the road air?
hay can you show us how ram jet works and why not make it ........  🍅🍅🍅🍅🔫
how about doing an earth battery no moving parts involved keep up the great content cheers from down under
Ive been looking at Tesla turbines for about a year now. I'd love to get one to play with.
How about a a show on powering a home or small RV or large one for the Tesla turbine
Bedini engine/motor next ?
tomatoes are so high priced here in India nowadays, really disgusting.
I don't have e any ideas on the next video, but it would be so nice to win a 3d printer. My son and I could do so much. I love your videos
Don't mind me, I'm aiming for the printer so I can print useless stuff :)
Can you build an engine powered clock xD?
Druckluft ist die teuerste Energieform
I love how everyone is ignoring the fact that the compressed air or steam to drive this thing will take more energy to produce that driver than this thing can put out, so its a negative net energy gain. The air compressor in the video they use is either a 212cc, 346cc or 420cc 'Central Pneumatic Central Pneumatic 30 Gallon 180 Psi Gas Powered Two Stage Air Compressor'. It would be more efficient and also cheaper to purchase a small generator if you are worried about black outs like they suggest as a use case for this.
Suggestion: video about compliant mechanisms
Hey @Integza.. We all want you to work on Hydrogen fuel engine ❤❤
You can take a small access solar panel that runs on 12 volt and hook it to a car air pump for a roadside assistance pump. Put it right to the valve system to an extra compression tank and allow it to bleed in the 25 to 30 PSI and one that turbine is running you're basically using solar power to power that generator to power your home. You could actually use a self-replicating system, a small water return pump in a reservoir with a certain device in a spring with a winding valve where you wind up the mechanism release the water valve pressure mechanism and the water starts to flow through the hand pump which then immediately turns and starts spinning the generator creating energy to allow that energy to transfer back to the pump to spray more water completely closed cycled replicating system... that's where the Tesla valve system comes into effect the water being pushed through the valve system will push it harder on the return coming back through making the system more functioning don't tell anybody I told you the secret
I'd love to see this hooked up to steam that's generated from a solar concentrator and compare to a photovoltaic cell
Build engine that relying on water not gas
It's look very effective and promising to me . So why dont govt using this technology to produce power for there power hungry citizen and there needs .  Can anyone answer my this question.
Geothermal is not used nearly enough as it should be.
Please donate the CAD models man.
HIGH POWER ROCKET SLED TO SMASH DISCUSTING TOMATO, TEST DIFEERRENT TURBINE TO FINT THE BEST TOMATO SMASHER.
Tomatoes ARE disgusting!
I would love to see that run off geothermal if only to see what you could power with it.
What about a best Davinci invention?
There is already an energy revolution happening in the US that focuses on decentralized energy generation.  Building or purchasing one of these micro generators is an investment for households that want to learn everything there is to know about the business of generating electricity for independence or profit.  It probably won't get you there, but it will show you that you have more power as an independent agent that what the markets want you to think.
I really dont understand how the Aluminium doesnt break apart, I thought the material of the disk was THE - THE ONLY achilles heel of this invention, and that's why nobody uses it?
That’s what a transmission looks like, thin discs on a rod basically.
I have a good idea on how to make infinite power using gravity, water, a vaccume, and perhaps some solar power😅
Constructing part of a geothermal power plant in NZ, a huge part of this is system is required to clean the steam. This Tesla turbine could reduce construction by easy 50%. Just a dumb chippie not a physist so not qualified to have ideas like this!
Video Idea Print 3 printers to print mor printers
Wonder if it can be powered by compressed tomatoes?
I came up with an idea to generate electricity by having conductive wire near the surface of a road and powerful magnets on all the vehicles that use the road in the hope that it would act like a generator
explain to me,,  how  do  you operate it ,,,when the power grid is down??????? do you boil some water with firewood.. sorta worthless
wouldnt saw blade edges be  better
This  turbine   +   fireeeeeeeeee hahahah. love your  vids  man
Its a shame the turbine has not been tested with actual hot steam, only with compressed air.
Netflix: are you still watching? The insides of someone's daughter: 2:16
can you put tesla turbine on a biciycle ? this is the funny thing 1200 watts power on 25 psi if u put this on a bike and givi it 40 psi it  gets crazier
All in all i can say is you and your friend are genius ❤.
OH MY GOD!!!  I haven't been visiting for awhile and I only have one question!  Whatever happened to that prize-winning glorious mustache?
Tomatoes are degusting, yet spaghetti needs tomatoes. So life needs tomatoes. Your thoughts?
Copper wire generator or better yet the John Searl generator. If anyone ever figured this out the entire globe could have clean free energy for everything.  Vehicles, home, HVAC even flight.
First video I’ve seen on this channel. It was excellent, but I’m subscribing because I also think tomatoes are disgusting. Maybe this is out of pocket, but maybe a video on why tomatoes are disgusting (to some)?
You could try to beat this underwater bladeless motor! https://youtu.be/Ulk4hw7pUZY
Hi there! I looked at this concept and thought: what this kind of turbines could be coupled with the airflow of sea shore waves? Like the LIMPET system from long ago? One turbine for the airflow of the wave coming in, another for the wave going out. Think it could work?
Hey Intezga you should try a mhd (Magnetohydrodynamic drive) propulsion system in one of your videos. It would be cool to see the science behind it
Hahaha foste comprar mel ao continente hahahah
I know the parsons family 1:36 . Honestly nicest people I've ever met
I’m a little bit in love with that turbine.  There, I confessed.  Now please investigate how to use a wind turbine to compress air to make this system emissions free!   Oh and if this should tickle your fancy I’d love you to send a new printer to the school I work at in Western Australia.
Please make a ram pump.
Can you do a video on atmospheric electricity?
I enjoy your mild obsession a lot.  I too have his old patent pamphlets .. I'm sure you know the ones.  My idea is simple and reckless .. fluid is more stickier so you'd have more torque(ier).  Since maintaining a hydraulic pressure would be a big ask, how about a chemical reaction that creates your pressurized fuel?  alcohol and iodine should be right at the melting temperature for aluminum, so, challenge issued!
At first it looked like one of those free energy things... But at least you got one working one for yourself
I heard you can also use it as a centrifugal pump for viscus fluids
Under water [jet] propulsion?
Awesome video and an awesome creation. You should build a steam engine to go along with it for your next video.
Such smooth advertising for man who decided to make some money on Tesla fanboys
Immediately I am wondering how much efficiency we can squeeze out of this if we stuck a multidirectional funnel to a tube and fed that to the turbine. It'd need to be a big funnel, with a grate to keep the birds out, but maybe it would be worth a try.
❤ @integza check out sensorless pcb motor could you use one to turn/power a turbine?
Theme for a video Tesla turbine in place of props on a hover bike.
I gotta know. Do you own (or know about) the honda/acura integra?
Joel, are you familiar with the Gluhareff Jet?  No moving parts, relatively powerful, and efficient, seems like it could drive a tesla turbine..  What do you think? ..
Maybe you could have an episode making an tesla powered rc car
Love Tesla’s inventions. I like his wireless electricity idea.  Send an electric current wireless over a distance.
it would be really great if you could design and build the small size steam engine that would run the turbine. there is none that i know of on the market to fit this bill. i hope to see that in the future. great job as always!
...Tesla Pump JET ENGINE?!? 😃
it should be reversible... Can you please show how it performs when used as a Tesla Pump!?!
Using this blade less motor to make a perpetual motion system to power things??
Roses 🌹 are red, butts are fat. Gimmy that energy device I need that!
It’s a flywheel 🤷🏻
This can revolutionize efficiency with Nuclear turbines!
Next video: Steam Train Time Machine :D
Imagine turning your HDD into a Tesla turbine  DATA MOVES AT THE SPEED OF SOUND
Now, time to test that shiny new turbine with decomposed hydrogen peroxide. That turbopump-fed rocket is not going to make itself. 😂
how about a steam engine generator
Farts just got more valuble.
369
Do u want teslas 369 secrets
For a video idea have you considered checking out MHDs (magnetohydrodynamic drive)? not quite a space thruster but water is a medium things do go through and it is an interesting concept.
We love to see you in moustache 🥸
We demand a steam test.
I learned a lot from this channel. I got the knowledge as well as the humor. Though sometimes it really crispy. ❤
Always enjoy watching your channel.  👍 I’d like to see you try use pressurised water to drive a rock drill. The rock drill would need to have back and forth stroke with rotation.
Hey Integza, a possible theme for a future video could be powering an RC car with a tesla turbine and a rocket providing the air pressure!  Great video and amazing channel. Always interesting and new content!
Can run this with a plane
Wold be cool to talk about hydroelectric power plants
Suggestion, make a tomato processor including bladeless skinner and Steam precooker with jet engine baking.
Make carbonara fiber, like carbon fiber, but with pasta instead ❤
Very quickly you became boring
I've never been so excited by something before this is awesome dude!
Could you look into Tesla power or energy converters?
Its a pitty that you don't talk about centrifugal force and why they cannot be scalated in this video. 😅
Can you do a oiless piston motor I have some insight on how to achieve this just send me a message
Pyramegneto-Electric Generator.....  that sound insteresting on that list :)
Try building a booster jet engine With a Tesla turbine
Can you make a video for novices on the possible uses to use the turbine?
I imagine a house with a wood stove a few pipes and one of theses basically free electricity
Energy companies are going to knock on your door
Make the tesla turbine power itself and see how long it runs
As an idea for your new video would you do a flat aerospike?
Great work
I like this stuff seeing inventors doing things. I'm only a thinker. I'm not a doer. I wish I was a doer guys are doing and thinkers and people who know how to make s*** happen. That's always awesome. I'm glad people like you guys existing as world
That moment when a Physicist says, "Exspecially".......
How about a video on a sterling engine?
Awesome stuff. I really enjoy seeing stuff like this. You've got yourself a subscriber. Looking forward to more content. Enjoy!
That is so cool!!! What about music with a tesla coil? I don't know if you have done it or not. Great video👍👍👍👍
A great video would be how to utilize one of these in impoverished areas or countries. Could they use something else other than air?
My question is, if it has the most torque at lower speed would this work better for Micro Hydro for like homesteading, or providing off-grid power to like a cabin off of a small Creek that does not have much if an incline to get pressure for a typical micro hydro system.
Suggestion : mechanical analog computer
8/10/23  6:34 pm est   I would love to build one for a stream on my property 12:15
Thorium reactors LFTR
I would like to see you build your own ion thruster or the equivalent of, that would be pretty awesome.
New to this channel and i got to say im glad i stumbled across here. What a great channel. Suggestion: if you were to add some sort of texture to the plate (more surface area) how would it affect the performance?
suggestion: can we make an electric car run with with a bladeless turbine charging batteries and a solar panel heating water to become steam and power the bladeless turbine.
What if you used hydrogen
hear me out, make a steam powered drone
Thank you so much for covering this.
meh you made a joke about people leaving if they didnt like something, dont go begging for people to come back after telling them to leave
👍👏👏
Theme for a future product? I'd like to see how you take your "thinking outside the box" mind and put it towards snow removal for driveways, walkways, or even roofs.
You could join both sides of the coin a generator like the one in the video being boosted with fire if it works I know it won't have the same POWER but it would be cool
I like his star mug
Can you look into LK 99
A suggestion could be the exploration of your workshop, what you believe is the best for you in terms of tools you want and can't live without, what 3d printer you utilize for what types of prints, other tools you would like to purchase in the long term
Perhaps in a future video you could look into super conductors?
A elektromagnetic motor from tesla would be a realy good topic
Is it possible to use like  centrifugal clutch to change the output on this?
high speed hydro power for small house/homestead using this turbine
Tesla's death ray................
It seems like a inverted Centrifugal pump impeller being used to generate power instead of moving fluids.
Video suggestions: make a tomato launcher (like the spudgun in Scrap Mechanic)  pls like i need 3d printer
Make a RC car work whit gas
You should talk about, and maybe make, an axial flux motor
Loving all the scale builds on uncommon mechanisms! Have you considered doing a video on the Sarich orbital engine? Was prototyped in the 70’s, would be cool to see one built for compressed air! Apparently even Wankel looked at the piston motion.
what book is that at 11:37
So, after watching this video, I am extremely impressed with the inventor, loved the fact that he is a Tesla enthusiast and Edmeyer so I am going to declare this idea publicly for him in hopes that you pass it to him, he needs to incorporate the equivalent of a torque multiplier into the turbine. It’s possible that he could achieve this by implementing pressure adjusting device focused on the axis of the plates furthermore it could be self adjusting based off of RPMs. Say if the optimum rpm is 2000 then pressure, adjusting device in between the plates, would allow for separation and contraction for more or less air, which would significantly impact the torque the amount of torque that it would generate and with that being said, adjusting the air flow and pressure which stabilized the turbine entirely so there this is my contribution I hope you pass it along keep up the good work guys.
Cara com essa camisa parece q tu tas nu com faixas brancas no punho e no pescoço... Troca a cor kkkkkk
Hey dude. Unrelated to this video.  But can you please do a video about beamforming a tesla coil array?  I know a bit about beamforming etc but I am still a bit intimidated about making tesla coils exactly the same in order to make it work.   The idea is that you have multiple Tesla coils linked to the same power source and use it to direct the waves.  If you use enough and they're spaced out correctly etc you can end up with almost a beam rather than a circle.    The reason this is exciting is because tesla coils are still one of the best methods for wireless power transfer for safety reasons.  Which sounds strange.  But supercharging high frequency radiation doesn't feel safe.  Microwaves maybe but still dangerous.  Infrared?  Also dangerous but the limit of safety and technically a high powered laser even if not visible.
I love you videos. Thank you for your efforts in teaching us.. I got a message from you I think as a scam. Did I win a contest a couple of months ago? Or was the email a scam? Have a great day.
I've been working on converting my ram pump to compress air after my water tanks are  full. I am getting 65psi at the moment at the pump of water pressure from my dam overflow  about 0.5 km away from my shed hopefully I will be able to keep up with all my air needs then top up my batteries after that using a similar motor.
can youfor your next video mabye make a nuclear rocket engine XD
so which one is older, waterwheel or impulse turbine
sugestion: Why not create a bladeless wind turbine 🤔 using the method of Nicolas Tesla's idea from Tesla Turbine #integza  Bom dia de Portugal - Destricto de Santarém
Use a pancake alternator!! Look up mad scientist gardener
OH MY GOSH I SAW THIS GUY ON INSTAGRAM A FEW WEEKS AGO. and the best part is that i made a comment about you on one of his posts. im sure this was in production at that time so that’s a great coincidence.
Hmm almost like a torque converter in cars or a type of clutch
Any way we can see a coal/wood/renewable fired steam boiler to feed this? Can you get to 240v | 15-20 amp out put? I ask cause thats a standard expectation for a residential energy storage per battery.
😡 I love tomatoes 🍅 😋   Also this was a Great video. ❤
Video suggestion: You should try powering this turbine with a few dyson jet engine blow driers. 💨
It would be interesting to see how the Tesla turbine would work on steam pressure rather than compressed air. How much more energy would it output?
It only seems to be really really loud.
Suggestion: Try to 3D print an internal combustion engine and put it in RC car or plane or a helicopter. You could theoreticly use a metal dust to cover the 3D printed parts and heat them slowly and carefully not to melt the plastic, or put the 3D printed parts in sand, melt Some cans and then pour the aluminum to make cast parts and make engine with that. You could also cast Some parts for your jet engines 😁😁
Isn't this used in the gearbox of the Königsegg regera
Video suggestion: powering something large-ish, like an electric lawnmower or scooter, off of your Tesla bladeless turbine and a tank of compressed air.
You should look into the validity of Tesla Purple plates
I'd like to see a video on converting radio waves to electric energy.
Can you maybe do a video on the difference between compressing air and why you can’t compress water, only able to pressurize it for say a pressure washer
Those are so cool! I think I might buy one!
3D print a working Tesla turbine
As a professionally trained, and old carpenter, please, for the love of fuck, tell Charlie to use a push stick with his table saw, and stop wearing baggy clothes whilst operating it. I've seen a bunch of shit I'd rather forget, that this guy, through ignorance, does not deserve. He seems like a nice dude, just please, for the sake of not bleeding out in his shop, or losing his hand, or more, no sleeves, non baggy if not, and for the love of all, please, make a push stick. You can literally make them in 2 minutes from scrap if you don't have one and don't want to buy one
Coul you find a way to “freeze dry” ceramic resin to make it more viable as a build material?
Simple old speaker amp and  Tesla coil that plays of sound🔊⚡️
Idea: I harvested my body energy to power an exoskeleton!   Realistically i think it would be feasable as long as you gather energy for a while and use it to have a burst of strenght, for example to lift stuff or sprint?  The easier way would be to use the motors of the exoskeleton to generate electricity.
it would be cool if one could be built to run with a simi truck and some how use the air break systems to run it so truckers can have power even in no idling states
I'd be interested to see how efficiency compares with a similar output parson's turbine. Perhaps running both on steam, using a fixed amount of fuel and measuring the kWhrs of output
I would like see a  demonstration of the use of aerogel in the built environment
Loved the video! And I love Tomato's!  How about a video on Making your own hydrogen to use in a hydrogen powered car?
great video! One thing I do not get: the point on it being more durable, and just using steam straight out of the ground with little rocks. How would that not be a problem with the aluminium disks inside? Those seem pretty fragile.
Can the tesla turbine be used potentially as a regenerative brake?
Suggestion make a engine of some sort using copper or metal clay tht gets hard as metal when heated shape and use this where 3D printing is not able u withstand heat
Suggestion: you got the turbine, why don’t you mount a steam generator to it and use it as a portable generator? Much easier having water and fire in the wild compared to fuel! Especially if you were going camping for a while or have a caravan!
It's not a suggestion. I am saying. I know how to generate cheap e green electricity using gravity and atmosphere pressure. It's something that nobody ever think about before. No blades no combustion no fossel fuel no dam no need for weather conditions expecificly
A long time ago I thought "How cool would it be to utilize a hood scoop on an electric car with a tesla turbine to charge the battery pack".  Never got around to building something but it's always making it's way into my brain, or using a tesla turbine to power the hyrdolosis of a hydrogen powered engine.
video about science behind big feet sizes would be great.
Suggestion: can you explore the potential of magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) propulsion. It sounds right up your alley
From you I got brain to do but no 3d printer 😅😂
I wonder if you could stack ever-growing (starting from the smallest arc length to a larger arc length -- or vice versa) disks in a Tesla turbine to see if there is a difference in torque compared to the constant-sized disks.
Built an rc shopping cart with the dysun engine
Awesome video, it's great to see Tesla's creations put into action.. Awesome video, it's great to see Tesla's creations put into action..
wait, *_what_* over 4kw, from a generator that can just sit on a table? I'm not insane in thinking that's kind of mad right? Especially for just being a prototype. I guess it will matter how large it is as an actual generator (burning fuel and such; it's kind of impractical to make an engine ONLY for traditional steam power) but as a prototype that already sounds kind of insanely good.
I love it your hard work and tesla is greatest inventor ever ❤
A watered powered rocket.
Make a foldable ebike that can fit in a purse or handbag ❤
Make a enclosed looped system for the steam with the turbine with a heat transfer part so you can heat the water easier
How about a video assessing effectiveness of hydrogen generators for automobile engines?
Suggestion: Easy to print wind turbine that can actually charge a reasonably powerful battery (such as a car battery), that can be mounted to a motorhome or a stationary car?
can you please check the minial pressure difference or cut in pressure for tesla turbine can it rival traditional hawt and vawt?
Another useless Tesla experiment
Brilliant video, so cool seeing Nikolas inventions being tested.  I was thinking you could do a video of the different types of stirling engines, which types would be the best for power generation (propane burner)
Hey I've been a big fan of your content since your video about developing teslas earthquake machine , and I think it would be amazing if you could consider making a video about creating a plasma gun. I believe your expertise and creativity would bring a unique perspective to this topic. It's a fascinating concept that many of your viewers, including myself, would love to see explored. Keep up the great work, and I'm excited to see what you come up with next!"
Video suggestion: Exploring further the steam efficiency. Ive always been so infuriated about how we arent using geothermal energy to get literally as much power as we could possibly need from anywhere in the world. We already drill down to the depths needed looking for oil, use the heat down there to freaking make steam!!! As Charlie mentioned, you could use geothermal straight outta the vent with this turbine... Well... If you created a U type of well, and lined it with pipe, you wouldnt need to worry about cleaning the steam for conventional turbines... Iceland has this one figured out real well. Theyre getting 60% of their countires needs via geothermal now. Its such a no brainer man... CLEAN UNLIMITED HEAT FOR STEAM! And to reach 100c you dont even have to go that far down! Sigh...
the lights consume 600w, they are glowing so they must be consuming 600w, yeah idk about that one
Why the hell did he add a video of cum being shot at a spoon?!?!?!
Would it be possible to attach a Tesla turbine to an exhaust pipe of a car
Awesome videos! Love how you get to give innovators a way to share their creations and ideas. I think seeing how fast you can get a floating superconductor on a looped magnetic track to be when powered by a rocket would be a cool idea to test out.
I think you are a genius, wonderful invention
Sls printing or using pva filament to make something
"hair is not sticky"  - you must not have kids or dogs. 😂      Yes, I know he said air.
sounds like simular principles as a torque converter
I am a Technology Teacher and would look to see a video of a practical Sterling Engine powering something large.
I think there’s only one think that can be done……… turn it into a jet engine
Tesla turbine generator: you have my interest Tesla turbine COMPRESSOR: now you have my attention  Genuinely want to see how this performs drawing in and compressing a working fluid. Bonus points if we're using high pressure in a tesla turbine to drive compression in another tesla turbine with a more viscous working fluid. We need that. For reasons.
I’m wondering if I could make a compressed air tank based ev car and power it with one of these…
You should make a video on a modular BLDC e-bike motor
240 volt would rum the household try that
video idea: make a mini generator to charge your phone using the blade-less turbine and some kind of steam source. love your vids keep up the awesome work!
NEXT VIDEO TOMATOE BATTERY!!!
As far as off grid power, it would take much to convert a hot water heater to a reservoir, heat water through the out put and feed this beast. I like it!
I'm sorry I haven't found this channel sooner, what a fantastic; presentation. there needs to be more of Tesla's ideas put into practice. THANK-YOU.
very cool
please build wind accelerator, mechanism to accelerate wind speed
Great job...  informative and entertaining...  Nikola Tesla was a great inventor, but a lousy businessman.  He sold all his patents to George Westinghouse  for a pittance when Westinghouse screwed up, and put his business in debt.  At least Tesla finally got full credit for inventing radio, after Marconi stole it from him.
I'd love to see actual numbers to calculate its efficiency.
How about you push it to its limits test how many kilograms it can move on wheels and how loud it is and if you can make enough electricity to power a home without it being loud like a generator / can it make more electricity then the average gas powered motor (English isnt my first language so I don’t know what the stuff are called)
How loud is it in disables
How much lift does the Aeolipile generates if u add propeller blades on the exhaust pipes.  Will the steam being pointed at certain angle of attack towards the blade increase the low to high pressure on its surface.  The point is to see if the Ancient Greeks had the capability to develop a primitive helicopter if it was supersized for a human to operate it with kerosine as its fuel.
is it possible to make a small ram jet engine and use compressed air to power it by putting the jet in a sealed tube where an air compressor can produce enough air to work the engine
if the discs of the turbine are exposed all around the base of a ship or the outer part of a submarine wouldn't this make the aquatic vehicles have a self sustaining system that can trasport people free ?
Now im curries to see what efficiency that generator has. Is it comparable to modern turbines/generators? Maybe a topic for a future video
can we really transmitted electricity all over the world like tesla thought he could? Make a video ✌️
I wonder the difficulty in adapting this setup to utilize the surface of a flowing river
Hmmm how about a tomato tesla turbine that way you can punish the tomatoes by skewering them and show them how thier corpses can be used for your mad experiments!
I think an interesting field to explore is plasma jet engines or magnetoplasmadynamic engines. An interesting topic from an educational perspective is in what way they are different from ion propulsion which you've covered before.
Video idea:   A possible YouTube video idea for testing Nikola Tesla's bladeless turbine is to compare it with a conventional bladed turbine in terms of performance, efficiency, and durability. You can use the same fluid (such as air, water, or steam) and the same input pressure to power both turbines and measure their output power, speed, and torque. You can also test how well they handle different fluids with varying viscosity, density, and temperature. You can use the information from the web search results to explain the physics behind the Tesla turbine and its advantages over the bladed turbine. You can also show some examples of how the Tesla turbine can be used in real world applications, such as pumps or generators.  I hope you find it helpful. 😊  Also I am a graphic designer and really could use a 3D printer to further my craft 🤍
I think a great video idea would be a home made heat pump using 3D printed parts and ice packs, you could demonstrate the refrigeration cycle and help my gf with her homework :)
can we imagine a tesla turbine with dtring instead of disk to augment contact surface ?
How about a tesla turbine powered propeller plane?
I like this dudes style
love from india integzaaaa sir
No losses and it works by friction. This makes no sense.
Thanks bro.. very cool ..   i hadnt seen this turbine yet..  im a try to build one.. i need a aluminun router first..
Why not run it on soil or bricks ? Or shit ?
Or even both at 8 feet.
What would a 5foot tall Tesla electric tower produce? Underground rod at 8feet long. ?
You didn't show us the turbine running on vapor, could you make a video showing if it's any good?
!
fill a balloon or tank with pressurized air from solar and slowly release it at 20 psi to charge your battery
For a future video, I would love to see this turbine turned into a real live steam turbine that is wood fired as a backup for an off grid  system.  I live off grid in Canada with solar and batteries and it would be so handy to have that to top up batteries in the winter. It would also be really sweet to have at my maple sugar shack where I make a lot of wood fired steam and could really use some electricity too!
can you add a solar panel or a wind turbine to make this completely off grid? also charge a battery
Can you look into Tesla and radiant energy, specifically wireless power transmission
Day 5 of asking integza to build a jet engine with a beer bottle
I would love to see this turbine in a real world application you would need ideal setting for this where would most ppl get free steam Yellowstone you would have to generate steam to run the turbine which means the quick evaporation of water then funneled into a small opening pointed at the disc
What is the point of all this rocket science if not put to use? Make an arm-held rocket cannon!
Next video. External combustion engines. Are they more efficient and do they have less machanical breakdowns then internal combustion engines?
You should try labyrinth print 😏
Make a stirling powered rc plane
o...M...G I want!!!! 😂  That being said man, been keeping up with you for quite some time now and your progression on YouTube is Honestly admirable! And I can't think of a better channel that deserves it! Well other than maybe Cody's lab lol
don't act like 2:17 wasn't on purpose
You should hook the turbine to a 2 stage boiler and build a model train with it.  IMO that would be the perfect steampunk toy.
Idea for a video: make a clay extruder for 3D printing ceramics!
Try to recreate the new LK-99 superconducter if that is even remotely possible. I believe in you!
I would like to see you building your own jet powered scooter. Ithink you could have much fun with it.
I still would like you to investigate the "Buzz Bomb" jet engine!  I really could use a 3D printer!!
I love to watch your video I am interested to in building new jet engines with that ?????😮 I got new idea for you building jet engine with nikola tesla model sounds crazy 😅😅
Maybe try this tesla turbine out by boiling water under pressure with a hot plate and then recapture the water to see how long it can sustain itself once it is going? You might need to start with another source of power to get the heat going.
Could you use rocket fuel to create high speed air to feed into the turbine to create even higher eclecticity ?
This setup could be great for camping I wonder how much water you'd have to boil on your fire pit and if you could run the steam through it and how much time you get on say 4 L of water
Please don't unsubscribe 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 Sooo  funny 🤣🤣🤣
I am off grid with a big family. This is very cool. I want one.👍👍👍
No I've never seen a tomato float!
Video idea: build turbojet engine and attach it to bicycle and make it move
An insanely popular (and INCREDIBLY useful; note how the news such as on Zerohedge is picking up the topic:) follow-up video would be building a biogas reactor/digester that integrates this with a small boiler. Thank you for sharing this! I was starting myself on this Tesla Turbine technology and this just shortcut'd my efforts tremendously! <3 A printer and a Tesla Turbine would be amazing to win. Thank you for your work!
Just found this channel through shorts! You have a real Beakman vibe! You could maybe do a video on the gyros on jet boats and how they can make the boat incredibly stable
What about a video about the possible make up of starlite or the abilities and tolerance s of aerogel?? Some of the newer thermal insulators are really interesting and super applicable to many industries!
I'm 7 days late to put a comment on your next project, but I have a good idea/invention that I don't have the resources to make and test its viability . Plus I also want to win the 3D printer.  So I'll put it in your next video.
That’s the most awesome thing I’ve seen all day
I would love to see if this would make storing solar energy as compressed air more practical than batteries
For the 3D printer: a follow up video with home applications of the turbine. Aka: your power grind goes down, here’s how your use this to power your stuff.
I have a version i am working on with an active compression system and a more compact design for like a capacitive electric powertrain for like a golf cart or something
can you build something that helps remove the ignorance from people??? 🤫🤔🤔🤔
I would suggest a video on using geothermal heating!
Cool video on the Tesla Turbine! Have you ever thought about making a model on the precursor to the steam turbine engine: The triple expansion steam engine?
absolutely would love a new printer,,,lol but I would love even more to see you explain RF energy harvesting and possibly torsion impulse drives
nikola tesla, was our reality's tony stark
How about Tesla turbine in car turbocharger use?
The Tesla turbine works but not very well. But it has found a purpose: not as a power producer but as a pump!  When driven by an  electric motor they can suck lumpy things from one place to another without harming them. They're used to transfer live fish to restock lakes and rivers! 🙂
Could this work on hydroelectric
Welp, I guess I’m about to collect 75 aluminum cans
Suggestion for future video. More efficient power for rc vehicles
I know it wont be very eficient but what if instead of using air to move it. We move it to push air? And what about liquids. Would it work with water? (I mean for both, as a generator and as a water pump)
Can you modify the project to run it with steam?
You could team up with Camden Bowen and try to perfect his vacuum engine, or his 3d printed internal combustion engine
Idea: Could u continuing the steam nazi Rocket? :)
02:16 (Ontegza seeing a bladeless turbine)
Can you build a car wit engin
Just don't try building the one that creates free energy. Otherwise you might get your rectum hole resized by certain interested "people"
Please please please buy that man a push stick and a blade guard. You know what, just get a Sawstop while he still has all his fingers.
a delves toothpaste skateboard that you can ride
a dark matter reactor
You should build a steam powered rocket. That would be cool.
I think if he wants to increase Tesla turbine torque he wants rough surface plates but if he do that plates are burn in collisions of plates
Really wish this video had more info to calculate the efficiency and actual power of the turbine. Saying that the turbine produces 1200W because it makes 2 600W bulbs glow is not the same. Same for efficiency, so what if it does produce 1200W? Seems like the airflow is pretty high if it need a huge compressor. 40 psi doesn't really mean much, we need to know flow rate, and if it's steam, what temperature the steam is
How possible would it be to build something similar to this but using heavy weights, it’ll need more fluid to get them moving but then the momentum could keep it going for longer?
Would love to see a ceramic miniature printed pulsejet, the valved one
Tomatoes are not disgusting!! Test it out in your next video!!
Future Theme: TESLA John TRUMP connection I would love to see this
I want one so bad lol, Nikola Tesla was a man before his time and I really would love to see more of his works displayed like this, maybe a combined Tesla invention for the next video - Tesla tower powered turbine generator jajaja or am I looney
Build a steampunk steam generator to go with it!
it is designt to create an high speed out of an low speed flow why do you use steam?
Комментарий в поддержку канала и ролика, а также труда мастера.....
Make a stirling engine powered microwave
just a thought, could you run one of these in reverse to generate air flow/pressure and how would that compare to a typical compressor turbine such as the ones found on the cold side of a car turbo charger?
I keep hoping that someone will perfect Tesla's wireless energy transmission technology. I'm thinking that if we pushed into an alternate dimension that it would be safer because you'd have to tap into that dimension to extract the energy.
I really like this channel, mainly because i can learn and laugh at the same time, instead of falling asleep, as a suggestion i would like to find out if its possible to run a Tesla Turbine with a rocket
My suggested Theme for your next Video would be: Try to replicate more of Nikola Teslas work. For example; Cosmic Ray Detector: An early attempt to harness energy from cosmic rays. Thermo-Electric Power: Concepts for generating power from temperature differences. Just pick one :)
why not build a comboution chamber of metal "so that it does not explode" put some oxygen into it and mix it with some you know some fuel and make a tomato launcher
Integza, I’m personally interested to see how high you can launch a rocket without using any solid propellant, and perhaps using one of your homemade engines.
Potent Research into   Aether / Gravity: BOUTARD: Aether Technologies ** AQUINO: Quantum-G Spacecraft ** BROWN, TT: Journals & Notes - Addendae ** BROWN, TT: Journals & Notes - Addendae ** DAVSON: Physics of the Primary State of Matter ** HODOWANEC: Rhysmonic Cosmology ** KESHE: Energy Generators **  KITA: Elecret G-Shield ** KOROVYAKOV: Gyroscopic Torsion Field ** LEADBEATER / BESANT: Occult Chemistry ** MEINKE: Orgone Devices ** MENDELEEV: Periodic Table ** MEYL: Scalar Physics ** MONSTEIN: Space Quanta Medium ** NIEPER: Shielding-G ** PARR: Pyramid Energy ** REICH: Orgone ** REICH: Orgone Motor ** ROSCHIN & GODIN: Searl Effect Generator ( #3 ) ** SCHAPPELLER: Glowing Magnetism ** Scalar Waves & Fields ** SCHARF: Negative Gravity ** SEDWICK: RING Propulsion ** SILVERTOOTH: Detection of Aether ** TSEUNG: Leading Out Theory ** Torsion Fields ** WHITTAKER: Scalar Potentials ** ZIRBES: Flux-o-Matic Motor ** WAGNER: W-Waves ** WHITTAKER: Scalar Potentials
I see,… you are a wild and crazy guy!!!
Twitter tagging?
Makes me wonder why we don't use these..? I may make one for a physics project.
Video about automatic mini cars
Engine that runs on tomato's
how about buiding a rocket which uses magnetic rails as a first stage to lift up from the ground  and uses solid propellsant to go even higher.  good luck 👍....
It would be awesome to see you try steam and even water to see the different ways it affects the engine. Great video!
Please investigate a copra power unit for developing nations.  I have moved to Vanuatu and the price of electricity is some of the worlds highest and the average income amongst the worlds lowest.  Copra is in abundance here.
I have a boat and am wondering about using this for propulsion?
I love your videos and you could try to make a fan that is powered by the blades turbine
Make a hydroelectric power plant with this generator
Variable focal point lens using the principle of refraction and total internal reflection ❤
I wonder.. harnessing air intake from an airplane to generate power hmmm
I'd love to see you have a go at making your own plasmoid generator. I imagine you could come up with something quite interesting, and educational for man kind!
I want a tesla turbine asap
Can you do the Tesla valves for well water next?
Bring back your mustache or we'll cancel our subscriptions to your chanal and that's final🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
G'day m8......im a big fan of Mr Tesla he was centuries ahead in his thinking and i would love to see if his wireless power system works. If only Wardenclyffe Tower was still around so we could see his vision. Maybe,... just maybe you could recreate his most famous and contoversial Wireless Power System (or T-Wave system as i like to call it)🤓 . Big Cheers From Downunder🙃
Could you use this to power the air compressor and then you'll basically have a perpetual motion machine ? This is my first time here at your channel and I liked what I saw so you know what I did? I subscribed and I hit the bell and I hit like, am I your favorite now ? Haha
I don't want the turbine, just the video 😂
Yes :))
I wonder if you could somehow use a tomato as fuel for your rockets, destroying tomato's for progress!
Just more proof that ill fitting formal clothes and glasses do not make you smart.
It would be kinda cool if you made a drone with tiny jet engines instead of propellers
Unfortunately we'll never know all of Teslas ideas because the government powers that be, confiscated a lot of his best ideas immediately following his passing.   Props to the folks in this video for doing what you do and sharing the information and technology with us.
Tesla imagined using his Wardencliff tower transmitting wireless power to electric engines which propelled airplanes through the air using his Tesla Turbine. Really quiet engines too. Curses to TPTB that killed his dream. On to bigger and better things.  Tesla also worked on Antigravitic craft and inspired TT Brown. In 1973 the Military put a clamp down on all Corporations wanting to develop antigravitic technology but were secretly working on it continuously themselves since the early 50s and before.  In 1988 a reporter stowed into a restricted section of a Military tech convention. They drew back a curtain and there floating above the ground were three saucer shaped disc craft of different diameters hovering above the ground...and for sale! In the early 90s we scared the Belgians with the TR3B Aurora. Most UFO/UAPs sightings are man made. (Although the Indian text Padma Puna(?)says there are 400,000 alien species throughout the universe...not counting the ones in DC).
How much power could be generated from a Tesla Bladeless Turbine and steam generated from an expresso pot? 😀
I would really love to see more experiments with the Tesla turbine. I would love to know how many applications we can get from it and how to improve the turbine itself
Great job!  Even the STEM challenged can enjoy this kind of content when delivered this way!  How about a safe steam boiler system to go with this?
What exactly is the white liquid in that syringe 2:16 is it oh boy wtf its a wast or sperm 😂😂
It would be awesome to have a video about putting a mini turbine onto an rc airplane! Keep it up with your videos, they are great!❤
I want one so bad.... you are awesome
You should print and build a tomato trebuchet……or really any tomato torture device. Guillotine maybe.
Very cool video! I'd love to see this setup with a steam input. Relying on compressed air isn't the best idea for using the engine in the case of blackouts. Being able to go off-grid by using steam or gravity-fed water would be interesting to see!
I admire tesla's inventions as much as the effort that he put in his career! I didn't know about his turbine until today, so I'm very grateful for this vídeo. Me and my school mates were working in a Tesla coil, the physics behind it are amazing! so I really think that it could be a nice idea for a new video :)
Ac power from a alternator.
Here comes the FBI,your not Allowed to save the World 🌎 superfluids, acoustic, Induction,Is the future.
What is the power factor?
Thank you ❤
Do you not like the taste of tomatoes? Also with a 3-D printer, I could make my prototype battery and battery charger
Maybe you can have a video where we could produce hydrogen for the future hydrogen fuel cells they're coming.
Great to see someone finally producing a functional tesla turbine and making it into a genuinely usable application... I want one, it's on 'the list'. I'd also like a 3D printer to help build my none aquatic swimming machine 😏... You're welcome to come and video the construction when the prototype is completed (designs done, patent soon pending).
Not a "generating work from energy" video but I'd like to see a cooling a pc using peltier devices with heat pumps attached (either water or air, I don't mind) to get the best efficiency out of electronic devices. A "best bang for buck energy" video if you will.
Are you gonna use a boiler and steam power the turbine ?
Hmm.  how about powering a air compressor instead of halogen lights.
Tomatoes are disgusting. You should build a trompe (water-powered no moving parts air compressor) to power the Tesla turbine
It's kind of cool to see someone actually trying to use a tesla turbine. I used to be really enamored with the idea of the turbine, mainly because it was so different. The reason the design never caught on is that typical reaction turbines were already really efficient by the time you could actually manufacture a tesla turbine properly. A typical steam turbine from a power plant is somewhere in the range of 80-90%, to my knowledge, though I've heard some people quote higher numbers. I think the biggest issue with a tesla turbine is actually torque. The guy said that the tesla turbine makes the most torque the greater the velocity difference between the turbine discs and the incoming fluid. The issue with that is that a tesla turbine should be hitting peak efficiency when the velocity of the fluid is as close as possible to the velocity of the turbine, which would also be the point where the turbine has its least torque.
Absolutely love your videos. The passion you have is amazing. Maybe a feature on different way of powering the Tesla Turbine.   Would be cool if it could power it’s self :)
Hello 👋  please make a video about using an electric generator to produce electricity which is then used for rockets. This will be used for day-to-day use and to propel the rocket forward in space using electrons fired at the end of the rocket which provide thrust forward.😅😊😊
Theme for a video: sugar rocket-powered tesla turbine. Exhaust gases of the rocket turbine could spin it very fast
Can you talk about toroidale propeller
Anything tesla  is golden.  How about combo wind/solar  power generator?
I think it looks great, I just have a remark: it doesn't sound like 25PSI compressed air... Ok, I'm lissenig to a recording in a video, and recordings can be tricky, but I woudn´t expect that kind of noise from just 25PSI.Also, it wasn't clear where the measurements are taken from. If it is from the speeded air, well, we know that the speeded air shows less pressure as much of the energy is already converted to kinectic energy. It would be nice if you make a simple test of the efficiency of this turbine (fill the cilinder with air, turn off compressor, take the pressure/volume, let the turbine run for X minutes generating Y watts, then calculate the potential energy drop vs generated energy), so we can compare with other turbine types.
Future video: Try various pressure systems to see how much power you can make before it explodes!
it seams tesla was gona use it in 3 ways: propulsion a torbine with his pump, at super sonic speed you torn off the external compresed ar(kit starter) and it runs by diferencial ar pressure(forms a vacum bubel and then calapes). 2: viakols moved on fluid. 1 tanque could to 5* and other heated to 80* with the torbine in the medel  movend on cold steam(closed water sistem, the hot goes to the cold and sucs it back again). 3: this sistem form homes, cold water batery. you store the hit of the sun not the light
Love your channel, would you build a generator using a used car alternator and an electric motor. I've seen many on YouTube and would love to see your attempt at building one.  My goal is to start a charity for native people around the world who are off the grid to have an electric magnetic generator that will improve their lives immensely. Here in Canada on the reservations if you are not good friends with the chief of the reservation you may not even be hooked up to the electrical grid. Most people in this situation aren't hooked up to the electrical grid and I would love to find a way to improve their lives. Thank you so much for your videos
Seeing as we share a passion for my favourite inventor that never got the gratitude he deserved,  how about mini Tesla coils like in the game "Command and conquer" 😁
I would like to see you building an rc jet plane😆 I could help you if I live there but since I'm currently living in Hungary i can't help you...
Make an engine that runs on tomatoes
The simplicity in creating power.
Thanks for the vid man, keep them coming 😁 ✌🏼 you should make a vid on how to make a tesla coil for healing purposes or even better than that, the machine that detoxify by sending certain frequencies through to your body. It would really be amazing to learn how to build it
Use solar energy to create steam (with concave mirror) and generate electricity with it. Compare their efficiency with normal solar panels.
How about concave mirrors vaporizing steam and running the turbine?
It could be awesome if you could build a mini steam generator to edge with this generator as a proof of concept. Extra points of you used solar energy that utilized converging mirrors on a pressure vessel containing water in a closed loop to generate the steam. Just an idea
Fantastic 😊💪👏
Build a giant metal jet engine with afterburner and use propane gas as fuel
Can you speak about 'Tesla's purple plate(s)' and how the affect the electromagnetic field. Thank you.
Just ran across a video that had "Tesla Based Engine" as part of title. Any possibility that you might create one of these "tesla Based Engines", (motor)?
how does everyone make rockets better than you
In your Mr. integza video, the information on how the engine reaches the desired torque is not fully explained or I did not understand, please, in your next video, can you explain in more detail how the desired torque of the engine was achieved and how and how the internal structure of the engine was designed in particular.:)
The best way to learn everything that you need is from AI 🙏❤️
The eight rotor RC rotary engine. Tiny little thing. It's really cool. I would love to know how that works.
Are you Portuguese or Spaniard
Imagine if this generator could power the air compressor...
I really like the turbine generator. It appears to be quite a capable generator of electricity.   Could you post a video where the application can be paired to maybe a solar boiler?   Then anyone can start generating electricity from the sun.  A follow up video might put it against photovoltaics to see which is more effective.  Just a thought!
I would like to see you trying out different fluids through the turbine ie steam, water even honey lol.
That is amazing! What is the efficiency and how would it be practical in a home?
Hey love your videos, make a V8 motor that runs on air.
Have you considered looking at(or maybe even build) new internal combustion engine types? I have like 20 different designs in mind but the (battery) electric car movement kills basically all the research in that direction🙄
a question sir. how imposible thing to do to reduce the noise from the turbine?
Now that you have a nice tesla turbine, it'd be cool to see a scooter powered by a tesla turbine running on air pressure!   And f you're willing to go overkill, a continuously variable transmission could make it even better.
I've been waiting for years for someone to commercialize tesla turbines for mass use! Very happy to see this.
Great share 🖐🏿♾🤚🏿
How about tomato soup 😂😂😂😂
Nice video, like your style
Simply amazing
Finally!  A kindred spirit!  I was starting to think I was alone in this world for thinking tomatoes are disgusting.   I have a theory that our ancient ancestors first used them as hand grenades in battle.  Pull the stem out with your teeth and toss it into the enemy line. Guaranteed you’ll blind at least one person long enough to run them through with your carrot spear.  Then when the battle is over you can shout. “Lettuce rejoice!”    It would worked up until the crusades. Saladin would have been ready for that tactic.  Lol!!  🤣😂
Im curious how well this engine could be applied to a solar water heater using 4 big mirrors to heat a central water tank. I don’t exactly how much air pressure that’ll produce, but if it produces enought to run a small tesla turbine, you could potentially have a make-shift solar powered steam generator. You’d probably just need a whole lot of those turbines, a powerful solar steam generator, and a good power bank to store all that energy for use in daily use in a house.
A car run by a gasinator modernised, like was used to run cars and public transport in WW2
Great videos Integza!! Could you please make a video about 3D printing metal parts for a gas engine?! Thanks from Minnesota!
Ok, I just discovered your channel with this video and it seems great. Might I suggest a theme for future videos? Try to use a Fresnel lens to boil a handful liters of water (like 5 or 10 L). Since Fresnel lenses are (said to be) cheaper to make than other big lenses and allow focusing all solar rays to one single point, I bet all that energy could be used to boil water. And once you have boiling water, you have a steam engine, and maybe you could use this Tesla Turbine to have a motor.  I wish someone could do this experiment, because I cannot do it, and the time where I'll be able to do it will be in years, so... 😁
I want to see you too install this into your water line. It could just be fed by your faucet. Imagine with me, any time you turned on the water inside your home, the water pressure would generate a small amount of electricity. And this device is perfect because (at least in America) our water lines are typically between 20-40 psi. It can be much higher but that range seems to be the norm.
Possible future video: Cheapest practical, usable energy storage mechanism everybody can use. Compressed CO2 battery, home-made battery, home-made fuel cell. This is my suggestions to get in line for the 3D printer competition. Oh well, hope it works! Tomato's are red. >o{
I’m retired now, but I used to work in IT. Ever since I first encountered a hard drive, when a machine the size of a launderette washing machine gave you 200 - 500 Megabytes (yes) of data, I’ve wanted to make a Tesla turbine from one. Even for an exchangeable platter drive, the aluminium disks are very large, very smooth and engineered to spin at high speed. Haven’t got my hands on one, yet!
for a future video you should power your house with your creations.
The tesla turbine does have blades
Please make turbo jet engine, better version than before.
I believe u should make a jet engine powered by tomatos, if that’s even possible
This could make for fun turbo charger for a car, though you might have to get thicker discs to handle the high heat. I've also wondered about using sunlight to super heat water (It gets to 115F were I live) and use the steam to drive something like this.
I'm curious if this could be tied in to say a houses geothermal system if equipped with one. that or some kind of hybrid thing with hydro?
@Integza Can you 3D print your moustache back on please.
use tesla desines to make flying toy  powered by this steam terbine. but nothing more advaned then ether tesla or the wright bros wolud have had access too. must be STEAM PUNK. except for controls, modern remote control componets may be used
Negawatt
Wonderful work, as always. Every time I see one of your videos, it spurs me on to continue my little projects in my garage. Thank you very much.  How about building a prototype of that Spanish 1-Stroke INNengine https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I0_3qFmPUM . It looks pretty cool and well thought out.
How about combining wind energy with the turbine. A big funnel with fins on a swiveling base should do the trick.
It would be interesting to see if you can scale these to a few meters and actually test the efficiency compared to other turbine designs using steam from a gas fired boiler, nuclear reactor or fitting one to a large wind turbine.
Future video idea: plastic melting - recycling at home, to make fence posts (that are termite-proof) and other building materials. Maybe even melted plastic combined with sand to make it more flame retardant/ fibers for strength, like a diy fiberglass reinforced polymer panel for construction, etc.
High troque at low speed = low power
Make a trust vectoring afterburning jet engine
Couldnt you maybe use the energy that comes out for boosting the incoming energy (like a turbo)
Some gas fuel pumps use these to this day
Thanks you've given me a great idea! ATB Joe
Your content never disappoints me..  Thanks!
Would love to see some cool innovation like this for space travel. What can you dig up for space faring coolness?
This turbine may be used as a wind powered electric  generator. Of you use solar heated air from a tubular solar heat collector to drive the turbine. If it works it might cost less than a solar voltaic system. Functionality even in the winter.  Using a funneled collect to drive the turbine. It can be directed like a wind sock as in an air port.
Mini nuclear generator😀
I  read somewhere that they could not find a material that could handle the centrifugal forces put on the blades.  I am very surprised about aluminium.  But if works, great.
I suggest you propose a micro gravity experiment for the ISS using the Tesla turbine.
I have a video idea, try to use a tomato to create rocket fuel
I think you should make a video about Air conditioners that Have high efficiency in cooling Rooms But use a little to no electricity
I think your next theme should be talking about practical inventions for this turbine. Or maybe fun ones like a Live Steam Train Model?
i always find ur vids soo hilarious and fun-educative <3 keep up the good work  and as for the theme for the next video ´! just show us how to modify the tesla turbine to be not noisy  as in reducing the noise of the compressed air
Flying scooter video please
Have you ever built a Pulsejet?  the fluidyne sure reminds me of one.  ALSO   When are you going to bite the bullet and buy a metal lathe? or a spot welder and some sheet metal bending gear? Think of all the thrust! THE THRUST MAN!
Haha turbine go speen  Have you done much with boats lately?
id try building a gel 3d printer, for another video
heating steam with the sun and a lens and power the turbine
Id love to hear your take on modern uses of Direct Current, if you could find a way to make a render incorporating it. Nikola fans plz don’t h8 mee
"tomatoes are disgusting" ah yes a man of culture
Do a video about perpetual motion.  There has to be a way to achieve it.  Especially when we are told earth is real and we are NOT living in a simulation.  If earth is real then it is itself a perpetual motion machine.  Let's figure this out.  I want that turbine
Can someone please answer my noob question.....  I understand the theory (just enough) and obviously this is one of the first models of this turbine built but.....  In this model, there is electricity powering the compressor, the compressor powers the turbine and the turbine creates electricity.  So this model obviously wouldn't be used in the real world becaise you wouldn't use electricity to create electricity.. i am curious as to what other sources could be used as the source of force to power the turbine.  I love the concept and would simply like to understand it better.
Do a video of tesla one way valve. Those guys had on their desk. ORRR how cool would it be to take one  of those turbines and replace the turbines they have in chyna ak. they use geothermal heat not to turn a turbine but to heat freon, as that goes to a venturi (going supersonic) to turn their turbine. hey that would be a great video too. I would love to see two great idea together to make an awesome invention. come on pick me man, I need a turbine. lol
It would be interesting to see a video of how smoke filters for restaurants functions
I was not aware you could get that much power out of these at such low pressures! I'm actually really curious how much power is possible with a larger/longer turbine and higher pressures.   If possible I'm interested in what you'd think about wood gasification. It could be beneficial to your work as an easy to make fuel source. I personally am interested in how it could be used for making steam if the heat from the process is recycled.
USE METRIC
I think a device that can charge capacitors or maybe power small LED using electricity in the air would be a cool video
I love your videos because unlike HackSmith, you generally aren't trying to make anything useful. You do more teaching than anything and i like your style. I would never know anything about rockets or turbines if it wasn't for your channel.
For a future video idea, how about a pulse-jet that uses a tesla valve to keep the air flowing one-way? =^x^=
I was wondering if you could put a system like this on a aircraft and then have it self stain based off of the speed from the aircraft through a air intake, if it was kickstarted?
Dumb idea but maybe it’s possible to run a turbocharger beside it and make it self powered?
Put it in a car.
I would really love to see a wind generator made with the Tesla Turbine. Also Rob from @RobertMurraySmith would like it as well, check out his turbine work. André in Sydney
For version two of the turbo jet  this time like Colin Furze with a turbo off a car
I have a tiny video idea. Could you make a propfan?
Use Quartz crystal to generate electricity
I would like a give a way 3d printer, I would suggest building a synchronized motor system including combining a standard brushless motor used in drone and quadcopter plus a axial flux motor...
You should do a video  on mobile deployed  ( panels ) solar on an EV  to charge it while driving
OK now you need to use your turbine in some innovative way!
But what is the big catch? They seem easy to manufacture and high efficiency would mean big companys would love to use those, right? What's keeping them on the old design?
Awesome make a bigger one
This is really cool, but the thing that fascinated me the most was actually the way they did CNC on those thin pieces of aluminum. Would that be something you could explore more in the future?
The turbine that was made for you. You could have it use the water from a river to get power. By putting a relay in there. When the power goes off the relay will switch to the turbine. Maybe you could take it and use it to run a 3D printer. Using a inverter. Then if the power goes off. The 3D printer should keep printing.
This is great as a proof of concept (that a Tesla turbine can actually produce work), as well as an excellent showcase for the creator's burgeoning product. It would be nice to see the turbine used in conjunction with a battery system to actually store energy longer term.  I would also like to see a net energy demonstration.
A video on the HAARP Project and how it pulls energy from the Ionosphere would be great. I believe this is based on another of Tesla's inventions. BTW how do we get that free turbine. Far more interesting than any 3D printer being totally honest. Keep up the great work. You are onto something. Regards!
I’m glad you featured Charlie Solis and his work. I’ve been following him for years. He is a national treasure. I hope you can do follow up with his cryophorus, or his plasma jets.
Thanks for the info, I was under the impression the tesla turbine tended to run away and destroy itself.
Why not do a future video where you build a battery backup that could run a small refrigerator for emergencies and can be charged by the generator. It would be great for times when the power goes out in places like Miami, which could lose power for up to weeks at a time. It could keep medical supplies like insulin cold.
Make a simple tesla turbine out of mostly 3dprinted parts, and stress test it to failure, either it melts from steam or explodes due to high rpm
i would definitely be interested in watching a video on the nossle that you mentioned at 1:54 👍
You ought to make a video about building a jet engine out of a turbo! And someone stole my 3d printer :/ help me out please 🙏 😔
Bring back the mustache
2:26 work at a pizza place music?
theme for a future video : Can you scale the bladeless turbine up to become a wind generator? would it work horizontally on the roof of a house to power it?  We would love to see you partner up with other makers such as @RobertMurraySmith and @colinfurze, to develop a bladeless wind generator for off grid communities
Can that turbine be driven by air, not compressed air, only the wind ?
I,m from Brazil... There is a lot of communities here whitout eletricity... A DIY Power Generator based in a turbine project maybe so usefull to development and increase local economy... Yeah, guys!!! We can do it?! 😊
I can shoot about a tea spoon too...
But doesn't it say that the centrifugal force is too high to go at speeds that will use it's full efficiency.
4:50 Your hair gained an order of magnitude in this cut lol
Make a part 2 by making a steams source to power the turbine. Maybe boiling tomatoes to make sauce while capturing the steam?
Charlie seems pretty cool it was awesome to see his turbine in action it was insanely cool to see
What if the disks were textured?
You should 3d print something to destroy tomatoes and make something out of them
Could you design a wind turbine/wind generator with the concept of a tesla turbine by designing  sth like a Hyperbolic shaped cone with smaller cones kind of stacked inside of it(rly hard to descibe, simpler version would be just like a round cone shape fan, and always a slightly smaller cone inside that kinda work like the disks just rounded so the air can go in easier. (ofc it'd be more efficient if you get a more rounded shaped form, or experiment with spirals etc... would be interesting how efficient it'd get at catching wind and generating electricity.
iets a good product i like it
With all these new filaments available, have you ever tried to 3D print a 3D printer?
Video idea. A magnetic  engine
It would be cool to see how it reacts to different high pressure liquids/gasses, like would it be able to be run efficiently on molten salt solution from a solar farm?
I'm curious what all you could run through this, it would be cool to see if different gasses or even rocket fuel could run it safely
Build a tesla turbine for destroying tomato’s
For years now i have wonder how well this could or would work as an turbocharger application. For automotive applications. Seems to me it would be a much superior charger. However typical turbochargers have a exhaust and intake side. I believe that if this is possible it would be a great way to get furtue funding for the generator side of things...
But like what am I gaining?  I mean not to question the science but the diesel engine powering the compressor can alone power half the garage equipment. Now if you are talking about industrial use then what happens to the problem of creep and ripping in the blades, also we use superheated steam because what kills steel is rust due to moisture, so how are we stopping it here?!
Tomatoes are disgusting agreed 100 %
Could you power this turbine on an artesian well?
Can you just make a powerful lazer+trails gun
Love this! Do a deep dive on the hydrogen Hot Rod supercharged truck!  https://youtu.be/RAEhhYqMEBE
Such awesome stuff. Always been a huge fan of Tesla and would love to see more content about his ideas and inventions. Someday someone may actually figure out how he was actually getting electricity out of the air and wirelessly transmitting it. That is assuming the electrical companies don't hear about it first and decide to make you "disappear".
Archimedes Lazer
What about a rc car with a small tesla turbine and a co2 cart as a power supply?
Great video!!!
I so want one for shizzle
You mean USELESS turbine ... GARBAGE Νο efficiency AT ALL
wow this is sooooooo cool! // Sweden!
Hey Integza can you do a radio controlled drone with gas thrusters. Man you changed since i last watched.
i want to get a 3d printer to star experience like you. i am a fan of you
So will the same flat blade assembly if mechanically turned work to move air or other fluids efficiently? Slightly altered I suppose, but very little, in the center hole/passage.
Very cool
Sooo, was that guy wearing two vests or was that a short-sleeved jacket?? This is the most important question to answer.
We need your take on the LK99. Integza the people want to see floating rocks !!!!!!
Build a Tesla coil please
would be posible to put imans and copper in the blades to generate power?
Wow this is amazing!
there is a second misconception about the teslat turbines efficiency, and that one actually leads people to design them fully wrong when they try to make them more efficient, in ways where they still work but are way less efficient then they could be when properly designed. luckily their version didn't have that mistake many  people make when trying to make those things in it, or atleast so it seemed. since in reality the tesla turbine litterally goes on par and in some ways potentially even beyond current day rocket science since many of the effects used in rockets these days are actually already done geometricaly in the tesla turbine.  for example the tesla turbine auto adjusts it's relative inlet speed and nozzle using both airospikes and even a aero nozzle once it runs at high enough speed, this is why in many of the very crude tesla turbine builds with lot's of distance between the disks and small disks and low speeds tend to notice that effect of it suddenly becoming more efficient around a certain speed.  this is essentially the point where the aero-nozzle kicks in and reaches near full efficiency(something that for how far I know even rocketscience doesn't have yet up to this day, they only have the aerospike). the aerospike part is where most people make a mistake, since it is logic people don't think about the aeronozzle since for how far I know I am until now the only person other than nikola tesla himself who knew about that well unless someone else secretly also knew it but didn't talk about it, and assuming nikola tesla knew it or felt it, since he simulated things in his mind he must have seen or known it atleast subconciously.  but the aerospike part is something many people should know since it is basic rocket science, and yet it is a part most people don't see or know about or just see miss since noone talks about it, the aerospike inside of the tesla turbine will automatically smooth the transition at the inlet as good as perfectly since it also adjusts itself to the conditions directly, many people think that they need to make it more efficient and design in the airflow path leading them to make some kind of spiral like outer casing which actually only wastes a lot of energy and makes the device only run well at speciffic speeds.  I think even you made that mistake as well and possibly in doing so might have lead many other people into making that same mistake since many will likely just try to blindly copy what you did. well or it was some other channel which was quite similar but I think you also talked about making the enclosure spirallike to make it more efficient, while in reality the highers efficiency is reached when it is just simple and round.  I like what those guys are doing, since indeed more people need such things and I know out of experience that building them if you don't have the right materials and/or mashines can be insanely hard, in my case I had to keep it to plastic 3d printed parts since I don't have the tools or materials to make it out of actual metal, that also ruined some projects since I wanted to use one of those motors directly steam powered for things like a steam powered solex, as well as for experimenting with a possible improvement to the turbine I made/found I made it myself, but I also found that nikola tesla published multiple patents related to technologies which seemed to have fewer direct use cases when comparing it to his other inventions since in most cases his inventions had something to do with eachother and his goals, but which in this case turned out to work very well for that, essentially it is fixing the one puzzle piece which is still missing in that turbine to make it be and do what it was actually intended for.  but having such motors available will be great for having people be more self sustainable as well as advancement since it is much better than current day motors, especially when you add in the missing piece which allows it to beat all current motors basically in almost all ways. however more big scale highly efficieny high power ones should also be made, and optimally then used in a system where the output heat is directly reused to either overheat it or to heat a house or such using a heat exchanger. ofcource also a well isolated heating tank except for the place where it is heated.
You should make a small aircraft using the the dyson jet engine, or put it on a bike that would be cool too🤣
Tesla claimed he achieved 99% efficiency but the blades would shatter and didn't have the materials at the time to make something strong enough to withstand it. tesla turbines are also used in moving grain and other fluids in industry.
You should do a video about  more of teslas designs! I'd love to learn more about the guy
Now make a non ridiculous way to run it...
Now that you have a tesla turbine it would be awesome if you could 3D print a gear box and see how much reduction in rpm is possible
Intigza why do you hate tomatoes when you look like one
Can you build a engine powered by solar ?
Wind power generation.   Why you never see more than three blades.   What is the most power efficiency can you extract from wind?
Could you create a Wärtsilä 31DF dual-fuel engine but a miniature version(small size)?
Super good idea. Thank you for making it.
I realy like your work, and follow your  projects! Thanks all of your work for knowlage! I hopeing we can see something like Colinfurze used in some videos as a propane truster. I dont know the name of this stuf but the shape of this thing is like "U" character. Can we see the sience behind this truster in the future? And also i want to say hi from hungary!😁
Video about toroidal propellers would be cool if you don't have any already :)
what is efficiency of that turbine? Without knowing it - it's not much interesting...
It's really awesome....
Run a Tesla turbine on tomato sauce?
Could you use a tesla turbine to run a radio control car? How fast could the car go? Could you make it into a drag car using compressed air into soft drink bottles or maybe go hard and use an oxygen/argon cylinder? Or maybe even a c02 cylinder that people use for home  brew beer etc?
Tomatoes are bad
Looks fantastic and working at low pressure would mean even a small stove would become very productive
Haha smooth plug. I laughed. Good work man.
Great video! ❤ I’m truly amazed. Suggestion for future video: “do it yourself” vertical wind turbines for yard or balcony, and if there’s any use (gain or advantage) for having something like that. I mean “everybody” can build/integrate a solar panel nowadays, but how about a small wind turbine?
It's not stickiness, it's boundary layers.
You should do a video on the complexity of casting, every form of it from soap to steel to rosin to paper.
My other idea is to build a trompe in a 50 foot well to harvest the compressed air  from falling water through a siphon bell that would then be used to run your Tesla turbine. Truly “free” energy.
Tomatoes are disgusting, and filled with lectins, so they're not even good for a lot of people!
My idea for a video or invention is to redesign the Skysails Power kites that generate electricity from the wind to use a Faraday slider in the anchor as the generator with an airfoil that oscillates the kite up and down to slide the neodymium magnet through the coil.
Tomatoes are not disgusting... :D I guess its a matter of taste. New sub, very interesting video!
Just found your channel out of the blue and its awesome 👌🏻 really good content great to watch I too love making things and I made a roket stove because we didn't have enough heat at home now I would love to add a turbine to that ? That's got me thinking 🤔 how about you make a video on thermal mass rocket stoves? Thanks  Dan
Could, you send out a P.S.A. to your viewers about the Scammers trolling your comment responses, I had thought I won a 3D printer. Maybe THAT, could be the topic for a video of yours.
Video could see how fast a tomato spins before it fails.
Thank you for this video, it was fun to watch! Would love to see how a tesla based turbines scale up
Hi how about 3d printing the outer parts of the Tesla turbine with 3 air inlets at slightly different stack angles
Love your show, for your next theme, Have you ever heard of a gasifier system? They use wood smoke to power engines that normally use petrol.
Make a hydrogen engine that is more efficient
Hey @integza can you make a ground generator of electricity patent number 495,582
THANK YOU!!! im going to buy one now!!!
hey how about a MHD Thruster Build next?
Straight up custom fab shop. This is LOTS of 💵 normally.
40psi to 4.5kw?? Wat  Now to wait for LK99 to increase the wiring and generator efficiency
cant wait to see what you do with your own tesla turbine Integza!
As a theme for the videos. I would like to see your previous engine's thrust being put into the tesla turbine. I want to see how much power can be "recovered"
Brilliant, I will need one here in South Africa
You should build the tesla turbine in a vortex engine
I would like to see you approach hydrogen generation, but high frequency resonant style.. show higher out puts than what encyclopedias say is possible per watt and finally myth bust those 200 year old "laws". PWM did it with motors, LED did it for lumens per Watts.. lets see what can be done !
I would like to know more about superconductors especially LK99 😁
What do you think about trying to test the zero point energy generator? Or the earth battery from Tesla?
How about trying this with the waste [Exhaust] gases from an ICE * generator ( or maybe a steam plant ) to further extract the energy (heat etc.) from it to enhance the output.  It could be incorporated into future designs by a simple exhaust port adaptor and small add on unit to house the turbine.    *  Internal Combustion Engine - not ice as in frozen water.  Keep it coming!  Thanks, for sharing.  you tomato hating freak ;).
you should do an ion thruster
Can you test a different type of turbine using similar air flow to compare efficiency?
40 PSI through a 2.5 Inch pipe. might as well be a fire hose.
How about friction. Not stickiness.
wow youre explanation is horrible you didnt mention anything about 'boundary layer', You explained tesla turbine like YOU DONT UNDERSTAND it properly!
Could you try make a rocket with this and using elephant toothpaste instead of air?
Ive tried to make a tesla turbine myself and got pretty far but the cost got to high (im 15) and .... cheap stuff dont do good😅
I wonder if you could design a small log, gas or coal fueled boiler that has the capacity to run your Tesla turbine.   Being able to produce electricity and heat for a home where's there's no power available and lots of of trees and water would be really cool.   It's easy to run out of petrol somewhere remote but fire wood and water maybe in abundance or you could capture the steam and condense it back to water to use again.
Automatic tomato smasher
And created Tesla turbine engine
I've been hoarding mechanical hard drives for years. One of the projects they are slated for is a tesla turbine.
Can a Tesla turbine act as a pump can you use it as a turbine compressor
Pls link company cant find it
You guy should connect with Marty T he runs his house with water generators he made from an old washing machines.
The idea for the next video would be about the laser
I just saw PlasmaChanel build a magnetohydrodynamic thruster (a mouthful), and you should definatly make one!
How much electricity could this generate if it’s run off a standard water hose? I expect that using water would improve the torque over air.
Have you considered trying to build a small hydrogen cell that you can attach to any type of car ?
Could tesla's  compressor be set up to help my solar panel's charge my tesla batteries through fluid dynamics insted   of compressed air?   If the grid went down ,I think it would be easier to run my garden hose  than to use the power created just to run the compressor. It seems non=productive .I do like this type of compressor though!  I could maybe design a sealed system if I could just win a 3D printer or something............ William Bellus...Peace
I woukd love to see more videos of Teslas lesser known, but more intriguing ideas. I would also abso-freaking-lutely  love to win a generator or 3D printer!😂
Talk about Quantum mechanics
Hey very nice now Imagine a device that can generate electricity from the ocean using nothing but a box and a fan. Sounds simple, right? But how does it work? Ocean Power
Can you make a video making your own design of a 3D-printed permanent magnet engine that is as efficient/reliable as possible? And for a future video idea, see if said engine could be used to either generate power or create some sort of thruster
Why not do a video on radio.
I would make a video of an ionic or ionizing laser, able to extract electricity from the atmosphere
how much power does the generator actually use to compress the air that goes through the turbine?  I bet it's a loss compared to hooking the light straight to a generator.  I get that it could be used for steam though with nuclear or something.    it would hve been cool t see efficiency number for this turbine and what expected improvements would be to that value
There are reasons why Tesla turbines aren't on the market. Some of those include: poor efficiency, low torque, low reliability (they will eventually clog up in time).
Ever watch MIT prof Letwin's "water battery"? How about one which worked on rain water?
Why dont you make a 24h livestream of running the turbine? At its peak power too it could be used to power THE livestream
have you tried powering the air compressor with the power generated by the tesla turbine you just got?
Suggestion for video: incorporate exeptionally flat matte black into printer filament. Blacks like vantablack, or M3 would be interesting to make in filament form.
Could you do a video on experimental wind turbine technology? I know that there are designs and models for compact wind turbines.
Where can I download Onshape for free?
I can’t win
I'm a fan of Sterling engines . I have seen builds for them, but what I would like to see is some one build one to demonstrate it's cooling ability instead of kinetic drive .
Can u give it so much pressurized steam it xplodes due to centrifugal speed? Or at  least try? What about other sources of high speed pressurized gases if you know what i mean ^.^
Could you do a video on magnetic lift power generators? ❤ Nicola Tesla ❤
Make a video comparing similar scale Parson's turbine, impulse turbine, and the Tesla turbine with the same volume of "steam" input. I'm assuming the Tesla turbine is less efficient than the others, hence not really used in real-world applications, but could fill a gap where the other two have some other limitation that doesn't affect the Tesla (e.g. a sludge turbine in a muddy river, or a sand turbine). Obviously, material selection to minimize erosion/corrosion might be more important than the turbine type for some applications. If the Tesla turbine is super easy to swap out the rotor compared to the others, maybe part of the design is that the rotors don't need to last long, but they can be made cheap and easy, and are expected to be swapped out frequently.  I also wonder the types of variables to change to alter the results, such as: larger spacing between disks, thickness of disk, outer and inner diameters of disks, harmonic frequency. Maybe changing the velocity/volume of fluid over specific configuration might generate a "hum" at a specific point. At the right frequency, the disks might be "wobbling" in sync (or, inversely), and at that exact point they become a lot more efficient, because they grip the fluid better.
Thank you for breaking down and simplifying such interesting inventions and concepts so often. I almost always learn and/or understand something new after watching your videos.   As for a suggestion for a video: since your interest in rockets seems to rival your hate of tomatoes, I've wondered if you could somehow combine the two by building a rocket with a tomato inside, and launching it at the sun. Your tomato hate would go down in history!
Isn't it viscosity traping your ball/ tomato 😅
Next video.... something involving coffee or gunpowder :)
I would disagree that particles wouldn't hurt a tesla turbine. Anything that erodes the discs harms efficiency. And particles will erode the discs, especially precision-manufactured ones.
Wondering if this format could be applied to sea currents or be an upgrade to the current turbine systems in dams today? The Di Pietro compressed air turbine is also an impressive design.
I own a 1700's water wheel used for grain milling, 30 ft diameter, can this concept work for water power? Also "I want that!".
Air powered plane without using a piston
My suggestion : make a video on the pros and Cons of an HHO generator
Steam power is great but have you thought of putting those evil tomatoes to good use by turning them into tomato moonshine as a combustion fuel?
That would make for an excellent emergency power source should the electricity go out.  You could use your water supply to provide emergency power.
So... did the mouse pass out from viewing a successful demonstration of the machine he built during the quiet hours of the night? Or was it just dead?
Add these to gas and oil pipelines ?
I‘m finally doing it. I‘m buying a 3D printer! I‘m gonna make so many useless things!
What would happen if you were to alternate either the size of the disks or thickness? It would be interesting to see how it affects the output.
What a cool company, TesTur is. I love seeing people do cool engineering, and people buying these little prototype products helps fund research for tech that could drastically change our lives for the better. Geothermal power is not being utilized as much as it could be!
So the swastika is a representation of a hero turbine
Nice Work! keep it up.
Strap a jet engine exhaust to the inlet
Do a video on the magnetohydrodynamic drive that uses the Lorenz force.  Love your channel btw.
Maybe you could build a test bench that utilises a weighing device to measure pressure applied to a surface to guage thrust instead of melting what ever you put behind a jet engine?  You can put a metal frame with good airflow in between a jet engine and a simple weighing device on the floor then minus the weight of the engine from the measurement or if you use a kitchen scale you can calibrate it to exclude the weight of the device the same way chefs calibrate it to exclude the weight of a bowl.
“Great build'' I highly recommend constructing a flux generator for harvesting wind energy or for energy production in general,
This guy knows his fucking shit
Please make alumeniun Air Battry ❤❤❤❤
Cool I want one
A rocket propelled R/C airplane  would be a cool video.
So interesting the mecanism. My guess is that you refer to what it's called the Magnus Effect. So clever our boy Tesla.  I think electrostatic turbines are fascinating for wind power, maybe you could do a video about them
What is the ratio of energy in vs energy out (efficiency)? Is there a practical unlimited small form factor energy source for this at scale?  Not everyone lives on a geo-thermal vent.    Lasers can do cool things.
Commercial airplanes already run on this power source or do u really think theres tons of jet fuel in the wings ?
Where are your sideburns!! I’m unsubscribing!
Is there some way to get that pressurised air from wind power?
Have you done a video on Tesla wireless power transfer?
what if you modifying this turbine to use internal combustion, similar to a jet engine?
They also use Tesla turbines a lot. Just it's for pumping corrosive or abrasive fluids
Imagine this turbine is further improved and combined with a ( theoretical ) LK99 superconductor motor. The efficiency would be outstanding.
Video idea:  I would be interested in seeing the stand alone version of this generator.  Low pressure compressed air is cool, but I would love to see what the lowest input highest energy return could be with this turbine.  Great video by the way.  Cheers!
What about a multi-stage Tesla turbine to combine best of both worlds?
💀would u mind telling me what that air blower thing is called i need it for my phy project lol
5/10 not enough tomato death
I'd like to see a practical demonstration of the configuration of this system required to run a 240v house in Ireland and what exactly would be required.
Magnetic energy generated hydrogen turbo jet thruster! 😱. Video idea 💡 …
Impulse turbine isn't invented by Goustav lafucking French. They were around for thousands of years. Used for watermills
Could you combine several of the skills you've done across various videos into one project. Build something like a gas turbine powered from a hydrogen electrolyser.
you should make some kind of turbo jet engine but in a square shape or with 3 or 4 walls incorporating 2 combustion chambers in one engine making it more efficient and use the turbine from a turbo cartridge for the turbine for the car because it is already balanced
Physicist here.... What was that outfit? Omg the voice.... 🥰 Crush
Plasma tourch
It is a truly amazing build. But what is the efficiency of that turbine? Would be an interesting video about measuring its efficiency.
Why do I have a suspicion that integza is Portuguese, that continente honey be lacking lmao
How can i win this turbine?;)
An RC car power completely using the Tesla electric engine, turbines, AC, electromagnetic rotation, a steam-ultrabattery hybrid generator with no exhaust pipes because when the steam cools and condenses into water it gets re-evaporated by the heat of the engine, and the water also working as a coolant.
Why do all YouTubers have to make stupid jokes
Great ingenuity and craftsmanship! Awesome! A suggestion for a future video... make something that dives under water like an ROV and can take pictures and videos.
Maybe try to make the room temperature superconductor lk-99 and prove that it is real
Power your entire workshop from a Tesla turbine!
What about using this design to passively regenerate an electric vehicle's power reserves? Route intakes from the radiator/cooling system or just the front of the vehicle, and feed it into a one-way valve terminated scoop. Could take it a step further and passively pull h20 from the intake to dump it into a direct methanol fuel cell/just a hydrogen storage unit as well as have a splitter on the frontend/sides push air against some charged wires to grab electricity that way as well.
Now build a combustion chamber connected to the tesla turbine so that the combustion gases power the turbine. Then another impeller connected to the tesla turbine's shaft which will inject air and fuel mixture into the combustion chamber. Wouldn't that be a really efficient engine?
chip manufacturing without importing materials to the US
Вам стоит запустить её от пара и посмотреть как это будет работать
I wonder if there is any measured efficiency. Tesla claimed a high efficiency.
Cool now I want to see some tomatoes running the Tesla turbine
i love watching your videos all the way from nigeria, they help inspire my own creativity, thank you.
I was reading Pneumatica a couple years back (By Hero of Alexandria), and "The Fire-Engine".. Isn't it basically a prototype of a Piston engine?
Gotta love teslas work legends for building one,,, I sooo want one 🙏 how much are they?
I have actually been looking for a scalable steam turbine that I can make at home, this fits the bill. Love it. Lot simpler than trying to make something like this out of a supercharger or something
I think it would be interesting to see a series on vantage concepts like Leonardo Da Vinci's "flying machines". 3D print and see if they ever had a chance! lol  I wonder... a tesla turbine with a flywheel attached to a propeller on Da Vinci's winged flying machine. spin up the turbine, and let it go... lol Im a warehouse for safety!
Try powering your pc with the turbine and make like the tesla pc that runs on steam then your steam games will run better
Can you please try to build a hydrogen combustion engine and show its working
Interesting Video - How about a video exploring the Ornithopter
Built a tesla turbine years ago out of hard drive discs, really cool under explored tech.
Great video.  Please make the next video on the most efficient and passive ways to create compressed gas. This way we can combine that with this one and then get a passive way to generate electricity
The thong is unbalanced
You should see if you could reverse this design to see if you can get any useable thrust out of this design. I have some ideas but I’d be curious on your take on this as well.
Integza, Great Content yet again!  I think your content is right up there with Mythbusters and that you and Adam Savage would be hilarious/genius together on a project.  Here is my suggestion, I have thought about making this for myself for over 40 years and never got around to making one but I would love to see that new Nikola Tesla Turbine made by TesTurEnergy to be combined with a steam based tracking solar concentrator.  My design was with a raspberry pi or a low powered GPIO SOC controller with tracking and pressure sensors/controls but rudimentary as in your true nature would work just fine.  It would be interesting to watch and see the capabilities. Keep up the great work!
wow one of those turbines would be great for my campsite,  just need a fire to boil some water and im sure i could power a phone charger or lights. Also you should try to make something like a Jetboil like a small portable jet to cook with
Now someone needs to connect it with steam energy recovery powered by engine exhaust heat 😊
If the discs were thin slabs of quartz, I wonder what piezoelectric effects might be observed? And how strongly, if at all, can one ionize steam?
Can i buy one of these built to withstand 300f?
How about a episode on what friction is and how we still don't understand it at the point of interaction
I built one of these years ago. I used cardboard for the case and runners, a piece of steel all-thread, some washers and nuts for the shaft and bronze sleeve bearings. Power source was a borrowed hair dryer. Not a lot of torque, but it would easily spool-up to a few thousand RPMs.
What's the wattage of the air compressor?
Run it with water, and build a system which is able to reject large particles like rocks or fish.
Can you make a car powered by this engine?!?!
Would this have any automotive application? Could this be used as a turbo charger?  It could possibly be adjustable to meet performance needs of the engine.
Video Idea: Make a mini rocket using a 3D Printer and strap a tomato on it.  Tomatoes are Disgusting!!!
Explain how counter rotating propellers work and who their more efficient that a single propeller.
Watching this video got me thinking about economical sources of air-pressure, which got me thinking about a trompe. I've wanted to see you make one for the longest time. Dude, make a trompe!
Use the steam power plant to power electric go-cart or scooter
I wonder if you made the disks out of stamped titanium so they'd be very rigid would that improve it somehow
by any chance have you tried to use pressured water to power the tesla turbine ???
it's not supposed need to have spaces between the blades so the steam had more area to move?
Are the current turbines that he has built unable to run on steam?  I’d be interested in seeing a proper demonstration of it functioning as intended.
What if for your next video you focus on seeing what the most effective way to funnel air into something like one of these could get by possibly even re-designing an air intake or finding some exotic one that many people forget exists
You know what would be cool for you to talk and teach about? TECs  They're non-liquid coolants that are pretty cool(get it?). I know that you'll be able to make something interesting using them.
I'd be curious to know the actual volume, or cfm, at 20psi necessary to produce that power...... It seemed like it was a huge amount of volune of air being moved, given that he was using a gas powered compressor.
I totally want to see this in a set up comparable to commercial wind turbines...
We're bringing TESLA back TO LIFE!!! NEW/OLD "POWER "  over the government!?!?  NIKOLA TESLA'S TURBINE IDEA IS COMING TO LIFE!
You need to run a 3D printer off of your new turbine.
ahem !!!        if one has a source of  COMPRESSED  air, then a tesla turbine is  a  DO-NOTHING  !!!!!!
What if we used this turbine in reverse ? Would it be a pump ? Would it be more efficient than normal water pump ?
Using mirrors for making steam,or wrap copper hose around wood stove pipe,it will boil water flr steam turbine,or use it to make hot water heater
I would like to see if you can make tracks, like tank or bulldozer tracks but much much faster, I think it will be a good challenge. I would undertake this task myself but i dont have a 3D printer, ceramic molding slurry and a furnace, yet, but i want to undertake this task because A. it would be cool and B. just to test out how good it would be for heavy trucks. I have a variable shape type system I'm my brain which is the easiest part of this task.
Try building a go-cart using an engine made out of tesla turbine .
I once designed a tesla turbine for a car water pump. Tested on Fords own dynos gained 4 hp normal speed. 11 hp high speed. Rejected because a ford engineer didn't think of it.
I wonder if you could use it in reverse as an air pump.
I wonder if this could make something like a thermals wind power station viable.
Please bring back the mustache
Why was this adopted before now?
you should make a steam powered RC car
I wonder if this concept could be used in vortex hydroelectric generators as well.
I wonder if the same principal of "sticky fluids" could be reversed into a sort of propeller, and if such a propeller would be used in a land air or sea vehicle best. could be an interesting video.
Video Idea: make a rocket rc car with wings
Water from air harvester powered by Tesla turbine? This thing could change a lot for the better once it's improved a bit; can't wait to see which idea gets picked!
Can you improve on Christoph Laimer's 3d printed motor design? I would be very interested to see your take on that!!
I would love to see this developed into an off-grid power system that uses solar arrays to generate Steam
I live in my camper, looking for new energy sources.   generators are a substitute to batteries.   can you make a water generator?  There has to be a way to combine them all to make one better one...  Peltier devices, physics... you guys could do it better.
this channel is where i find something and think i want to built that and learn about it
Isn't that a repulsine?
Make a hydrogen “spy” balloon to space!!!!!
Are there more efficient 3D printed wind turbine models that can be built by beginner home users?
I appreciate the power given in watts, but just pressure isn't enough to calculate input power, how much flow is there at that pressure? otherwise it's like giving voltage without the amperage..
Here I sit all broken hearted, tried to think of a theme for a future video, but only farted… Wait, a fart powered engine…
From strictly a survivalist or rural living standpoint, this is VERY valuable.  I live in the backcountry of BC Canada, and I run solar and micro hydro to power my ranch. This is fine when it's not snowing, but when things start to freeze, you are stuck in many ways.  First solar dont work as well and Hydro can freeze up. Also being where I am, driving out to dump wood or trash is not possible for months. This turbine would be great as a trash incinerator combo. Imagine this. You burn trash  to boil a water tank filled with snow and turn it into steam that is used to charge the battery banks of my home.
This 1800's design was only limited by the materals avalible then !!! This is no longer the case !!!  Modern materals can bring the true potential to light !!! This design has many potential uses and configerations ... All which were impossible with the  materals Testla was working with !!! Modern materals are capeable of handling the 800° and 80,000 Rpm. This thing runs at an then some !!! Then there's the potental for some truely unbelieveable horse power ... It's way past time someone gave this creation from the mind of a true Master a second look !!!
This makes me think of Tromp Hammer or the combination of a Tromp (water powered air compressor) and a Ram Pump.
Spanish engineers really has this steampunk vibe going on here, with fancy clothes and steam engines.
Pretty cool but where can i get compressed air from when my power goes off?
Imagine using this thing on a emergency generator like these big ones in hospitals or like those the military uses.i personaly build one of these in miniature with just 25 Discs and with a 3.2 cm diameter and its pretty funny to use😂.After i told one of my feiends thats into turbines and stuff He wanted to try one with the Power of combustions,like from a jet engine wich is pretty ironic 🤣🥲.how ever I hope I will win this 3D printer so I don’t need to ask my friend to borrow his again 😅.
Newest subscriber here! We should make a video about how to build  something fun with dc capacitors...just a suggestion,if youve already done  that im not very thorough in watching videos,and im sorry! Great videos, Excellent  content!
I’m new here so I don’t know if you’ve done a vid on filament types for 3d printing
Now how about looking into the "Turbine Engine" using same basic design ??? Modern materals as in carbon block intake , stainless steel rotors an ceramic bearings ... It could run on anything from hydrogen to alchol to natural gas possibly even the steam a water jacket would create ...
Cool beans
Can you make an RC Car using this motor with air being compressed on the car (or external probably quite hard to do on the car) Awesome channel Integza have been watching your channel since you had only 30k subs unfortunatly youtube unsubbed me, keep up the good work Tomatoes are irregular and disgusting
I see 40psi but what is the airflow rate?
What about trying to print a Schauberger Vortex and see how water acts?!?
hola me gustan sus videos y me gustaría que agá uno de electricidad por gotas de agua
I want one of those, no not the disgusting tomato.
Try to combine tesla turbine with PCB motor (using PCB motor as generator) in this motor rotor moves same way as in tesla turbine. Multiplikate rotors and combine it as one machine: Turbo PCB generator. PEACE
Ok, I'm late but try to build - Serial parallel joint/leg mechanism by Disney research 😊
please make a video about Hydraulic ram pumps
Can this work as a hydroelectric turbine system?
I would love to see you run an engine or turbine on fuel made of tomato alcohol.😊
Idea for next Video: Air Powered RC-car with Piston engine
What if you were to put like a couple of these on like a front of electric car and use them to like slowly charge the battery while you were driving if you were able to funnel the air properly you can have a couple of them on the front or even inside of the car and you could possibly get a good output out of like four of them
theme? ok... this turbine needs a source of energetic fluid? and is supposed to be used as a backup power source in case of the grid going down? very well, then: design and prototype an efficient, inexpensive, small, and easily made boiler system which can run on common fuels (including paper, commercial charcoal, and wood) to generate *live steam* to power this turbine.
nice video!  I think you shoud make jet engine from an angle grinder. Tomatoes are disgusting. :D
Title suggestion : Power top the People
With companies like sendcutsend a lot of the parts could be laser cut and mailed to your house in a week.  They even do plastics and such.
Put the turbine on a water drain pipe of a house and see how much power it makes
So when will we get to see a 3d printer jet powered boat
More about  that turbine
For future videos it would be nice to seem some investigation into ionic thrust engines - how they work, how to build one and effectiveness.  Thanks.
Make a tesla turbine plane ✈
You should make a video on best ways to make power when the grid goes out
Could you build a jet powered hand that slaps things and beats the hell out of tomato Lord.Please!!
Can you use solar power to boil salt water to collect the steam/desalinated water and throw one of these Tesla turbines in ahead of the collection to generate electricity?
Wait, the little spacers that he adds on 10:23 ish, would they function as blades?
I really liked this can you do a video about automoa or early robots?
I want a turbine
To be honest, Tesla turnine actually seems promising but the problem with it is not actually a design issue but the costs, investments and researches backing up the impulse abd reactione turbine.
Maybe make a MIT-propeller industrial manufacturing method. A shaft and turned blade with attachment, maybe analoguento like turbineblades are used to fix to shaft?! Mets see some videos on how your variants 180deg turned, 360deg turned blades perform!
How uh.... efficient is this technology? Like, does the use of gas from the compressor heavily outweigh the losses to make electricity? Would a gas generator just be better/make more electricity?  Is this meant to be used as a green-powered source. I know steam was talked about a lot, but can you feasibly take bad water from nature, and turn it into compressed steam to for the turbine to generate power to be used?
I'm surprised Edison didn't steal it.
Tomatoes are indeed
It seems like ages since I was reminded that tomatoes are disgusting. Great video, as always.
Build a supersonic trebuchet. It's a slingshot that sounds like a pistol.
average tesla enjoyer
Could you please do a Video about this principle being used as an engine, I think it would be easiest if it is used under water in a submersible but it would also be very interesting for me to see if it would work with Air as an Compressor or even "Rocket" shooting out Air to move forward
This is incredible. I'd love to see a comparison of energy consumption/output of this turbine vs other turbines. I'd also love to see the torque of that thing in action.   Great work as always, Integza!
Just watched your video on solid rocket propellant.   Now I'm thinking a crossover episode is in order.
Build a gauss rifle (coil or rail idc it'll be cool) shoot some tomatoes and throw some light onto Carl Gauss, another great from the 19th century.
Use the turbine to build an off grid power plant using natural resources. Wood fired? Solar? Geothermal
Love the channel since I started to watch your channel jet engines I think was my first video anyway without Tesla we wouldn't have X-ray MRI and catscan Machines to save use in Medical Field you see him automotive starters and solenoids, you see Tesla everywhere he wasn't just brilliant he was a God radio, remote controll, he wanted to give us free power anyway I'd like to see you make a blade less plasma fan that would be sweet
Awesome sauciest!!
Would it be possible to do a video where you replicate Tesla's wireless transmission of electricity? I think thats the most remarkable invention that he made and the one that seemingly ruined him, spending all his money trying to build an example of the transmissiom tower.
An idea for a future video is, making a pusle jet engine that minimal trust, but high recoil. The put multiple of the jet engines at angles on each side of a movable object (e.g. skateboard).so the recoil moves the object forward.
An idea for a future video is, making a pusle jet engine that minimal trust, but high recoil. The put multiple of the jet engines at angles on each side of a movable object (e.g. skateboard).so the recoil moves the object forward.
when u make more bigger make's more torque
Do a video about a practical inexpensive  heat source to power the turbine .
A video on photonic propulsion
Does anyone know what kv the motor is
Of all of Tesla’s inventions my favorite is his earthquake machine. You should build it and try to destroy something.
you should make a reversed version of the tesla turbine which spins disks to compress the air
I would love to see you build love to see a solar powered close circuit home turbine to charge a domestic off-grid system with steam or termic oil or something efficient like that to transfer their energy back to the turbine!!! this system could be capable of recharging a 10 -15+ KW off-grid battery system 0% to 100% in a single sunny day.... this system could be capable of recharging a common electric car on daily basis!!! it should be cost efficient and easy to deploy than a conventional off grid solar panels to create this energy (simply put much more efficient than a 30% efficiency of a normal Electrovoltaic solar panel) I think this is pretty much achievable and this is my suggestion for your next project thank you!!!
i just love you man <3
cool
What's with the obsession with tomatoes?
The current type of turbine in use for power generation in every day power plants is more efficient because of the multiple stages they have.  The size and and position of these stages is what makes it better at it's Job. There is about 10 high pressure stages and 10 low pressure stages plus each single turbine shaft has 2 high pressure stages and 2 low pressure stages. About 40 Paris of turbine blades and stator blades.
Now that's what I'm talking about. Finally someone made it work like it should.
it would be fun if you'd put one of your engines on an actual RC vehicle
The only Tesla turbines I am aware of currently being manufactured are used as pumps. They pump very viscous and high solids materials.
What do you call an engineer too stupid to work in multiple systems of units?  European 😂
Idea for Video! Hook up a continual steam line to the turbine to see how long it can go before failure!
I would love to see you create a tesla turbine where the disks have tesla valves
Huh.... Now I wanna build one of those things as well...  my printer is gonna hate me...
It would cause the disks to be evenly and stabily placed instead of misplaced like I saw in video,those disks were not straight at all
If you can use those aluminium disks which has thicker center radius for stability and balance  And thiner edges radius on outer edge
Link not in the description!!!!!
Thinking & tinkering Darwin wind collector vs parabolic tesla turbine...
How efficient would this be using water from a waterfall or stream for off the grid purposes?
The real reason we don't use these is because at the industrial level they spin so fast they rip themselves apart, we don't have a material that can withstand this awesome turbine
I am very interested to know how this would perform with off grid micro hydro setups
Well seeing that you are busy with generators. What would be the best generator to couple to this turbine?
That was fun. With this I wonder why our gov recommends wood gas to power internal combustion powered generators?
All things that generate electricity are interesting, what do you think about Nikola's free energy generator?
Could you try to rebuilt the Wardenclifftower in a smaller version? It would be fascinating to see if that works a little bit.
Emailing you... they just Deleted me 4 damn times trying to tell you some current evidence of TUNGUSKA
How cool (or hot) would it be to pressurize a slower fluid like oil with a fresnel lens to have a « passive » system ? Like a desert generator mad max vibez lol
We need a small list of things and experiments   A water tower at least 10 meters high  A compressor with the same capacity of air as the liquid is in the water tower.  A something to make steam at pressure, a boiler I guess.  And to test 3 tesla turbines with each fluid and see if it is just as efficient or as effective as a similar combustion engine or hydroelectric generator in as similar a setting.  And we on the dark side make bets on whether or not you end up getting assassinated by big oil, or if this will be a revolution in energy generation.   I'm also interested in getting a tesla turbine set because I work on remote islands and to have this generating power from coconut husks using a steam boiler that I already have for my steam powered fish dryer, would be fantastic.
How about coupling an impeller blower to the turbine?  Shaft to shaft Blower output to turbine input
Nice Video🔥🔥 can you take a video about the wardenclyffe tower?
I'd love one of those for my experiments😢
What about a water powered engine?
wow im getting one turbine, thats for SURE!!!
I think a neat video would be showing the emergency application of the turbine. What can it power, and what different fluids produce better results?
Those were running on compressed air. You should build one of those that runs on steam with basic fire and water! Think grid down type usage. It could be possible to light a fire and have electricity till the power is back on! Even if it's just for a weather radio or to charge a cell phone or something similar.
Jet powered chainsaw please. 😮
Doing a video on testing the different disk shapes and which is ideal. As well with different materials with rigid to flexible to see which produces the most output.
can this turbine be used to charge deep-cycle batteries? also, will a rooftop solar steam genarator have enough pressure to power the  the turbine?  I'd love to see the math for a complete setup
Maybe you could try to make the most efficiënt steam engine without making it a jet or a rocket. It would be cool to see what you could come up with. Edit: tomatoes are disgusting
Maybe try the Tesla turbine as photovoltaics energy storage system. You power the compressor with excess solar energy and unload the storage when electricity is needed
Try to make a selvsurfission Tesla turbine by either providing its own pressu air, and then make one where you have to "hand crank" one
There’s nothing really impressive about it. You still put more energy in then getting out also why is there no current and voltage regulation to so you actually can operate something? Doesn’t make any sense. He probably needs like 30kW to create pressure of 20 psi. Judge for yourself.
Awesome video, it's great to see Tesla's creations put into action.
do a video on rotational detonation engines
Thanks for the video. How would you efficiently attach this generator to a wind source ofr example to generate energy?
Hm could be cool to put the Tesla turbine together as a magnitohydrodynamic system, could maybe get even more power out of it. Could be an interesting video too
Wood fired gasifier to run a air compressor to power the engine.  I need a 3d printer tyvm.
I bet you should make a video on how to make a compact and lightweight electrical generator for a drone made for hours of long flights.😃
I like it I love it I want one
It would be cool to have a superconductor themed video next!
can you make the video on spacex star ship travel from earth to mars and mars to earth and its thermal conductivity
Lol at 0:09 it looks like there's a dead rat in the turbine housing
could we see a rocket powered by a previously covered engine such as the aerospike?
that look like the anty Katherine mechanism
It would be cool to see a comparison between this and another turbine of comparable size. 3000+ watts to me sounds really high, but with nothing to compare it to, i really have no idea what that means
interesting video it makes you think about the possibilities.
You could try to fly a small quad copter by transmitting power wirelessly(The tesla way) @styropyro probable have some tips for you.
For your next video i think a cool idea would be to show this generator hooked to some sort of power bank or battery system operating some household items.
There are tests on this turbine with compressed air, and talk of it running with steam. But talk is talk. I want to see it actually running on steam. What kind of pressures can the average person expect to get with steam pressure running in it. And then what kind of actual power would that produce? Could it run with an off the shelf pressure cooker for example?
Wow
can you make a vacuum cleaner using tesla turbine? which can even beat dyson vacuum cleaners!
you should make a video about why you hate tomatoes XD
I have seen Tesla turbines made using basic CDs.
you should use this tesla turbine in one of your rockets
The guy who won the printer has 2.4m likes. Guess he won the printer on his stupid comment alone.  Dumb
Would a Tesla turbine be viable as a turbo pump in liquid rocket systems? I'm curious how the resistance would effect the things
There's blades right in the middle of the thing.  It's basically an impeller.
How much pressure can you build up in a steam powered one of these
I would like to see this paired with a Concentrated Solar Power setup. You could make a very simple system with this. A mirror in a parabolic shape towards a pipe, the pipe heats water and turns into steam to go to the Tesla Turbine, and then a condenser for waste heat, and the loop repeats.
Best thing I’ve seen on you tube in a minute! Make a video on g forces! I hope to win! 😂 probly not! 😂
How about you make a video about toroidal propellors and efficiency gain?!I’m really interested in them. I would love to print propellors as well. Great video anyway! (I love Nikola Tesla as well)
Can you maybe make a video building a completely functional steam generator using this turbine, and maybe compare it's real world efficiency with traditional turbine designs?
👍👍  Tesla turning powering multiple or bigger Tesla turbine
Psi does not equal mass flow
This will power my PC
I never realized the de Laval nozzle was invented _before_ rocketry. Imagine finding out that a hundred years in the future, not only is your little steam nozzle invention still being used, but we've used it to go to the _moon._ Wild.
3d printed 3d printer
Steam Powered Potato Cannon!
that's pretty freakin cool
I want you to take the Turbine and make Go-Kart out of it. With almost 6 HP you should be able to do it. If I win it I will do it myself! P.S. I love 3D printing (:
I am wondering how well does it stuck up against normal turbines? Is there a paper I can read about its efficiency?
Pls printer needed pls pls
Years ago there was quite the big push underground of making HHO gas from water using electrolysis and then burning that gas as fuel for a car. I know myth busters "busted" it but I still believe it had promise. Would love to see you cover that topic. Keep up the great work!
I'm wondering if you could power a 3d printer with the turbine and have it be over a long period like a timelapse video. The print could be parts towards improving the turbine for longer sustained loads.
Would love to see it actually integrated into a home's electrical system.
Would like to see the scalability of this system. Let’s say about 10KW to 50KW  or more would be interesting and useful. Instead of diesel generators we could use this system as backup.  An immediate use case that sprung up in my mind is to use it as a backup power source just for lights in our factory when our machines aren’t running and there is power cut.
I would love to see some real world, longer term testing on the Tesla Turbine. Also more exploration into torque/fluid speed relationship!
They would be awesome to run a Tesla turbine at my work to power some piece of equipment
I can’t stop thinking about getting a paper cut from one of those aluminum disc! Has it been through a rapid unplanned disassembly test? If so how many RPM’s can it take before… very cool stuff thx you for sharing!!
What are the practical commercial applications , with locations all over the world with steam sources I would like to see a 24/7 high voltage over amperage proving ground. Thanks
YOU FOOL! You have granted tomatoes a new power to levitate! They will obviously use it to destroy... something, they're pretty small and squishy.  In prevenge for their inevitable betrayal, a Tesla-turbine-powered tomato-chucker must be built post-haste to ensure their perfidy goes not unpunished!
Video idea: an ionic thrust plane withe the multi-stage ionic thruster you built Figured it might be interesting
Wait a minute... if you have an air powered generator powering an air compressor.... I'm not saying perpetual motion/energy production, but that sure SOUNDS like a very efficient clean energy system...
3D print and run a new motor using an annular internal-external-expansion rocket nozzle
Would be cool to see this run with steam from a pressure cooker or instapot. I wonder if using super heated steam would work.
Seeing as the Tesla turbine takes low energy to power.. What if you used this turbine in a solar steam powered generator?  There is a video by JohnnyQ90 where he makes one but with just a turbine wheel and a motor.  I'd love to see a video where this Tesla turbine is used instead.  Thanks for Sharing!👍
Try and power a go kart with a Tesla turbine!
Why there is snape on your wall?
Nikolai Tesla was a gift to mankind and we’re just now realizing the potential of his extraordinary inventions.
Idea for future episode: You could make water replacement gravity battery, like a vacuum in syringe under water for energy storage. You could test it in a pool perhaps, that way you got an excuse to chill down in the heatwave. And at the same time do something about the climate crisis that is making it so hot by creating something to store green energy in.
Hmmmmm......rocket stove boiler powering one of these to charge batteries on a small off grid setup......LOVE IT!!!!!
Show me making a hologram Just LEDS and a mirror and a motor
I never thought about this is pretty cool
Charlie!
I'd like to see what kind of power could be generated by city water pressure (ca. 30psi), into a home, during normal watering ot your yard or garden, using a Tesla turbine.  You're already paying for the water, what do you get out of it for free?
I can see this design working well with solar water heater panels in a recycling convection system or even using cooled exhaust gases in hybrid cars to recharge
IIRC the "optimum" size for a tesla turbine is aboiut 1.2 metre diameter at 20,000rpm  materials science is a bit of a hurdle
really love your videos. How was Open sauce? Also IDK what my fav 3D printer is cause i don't have one! lol wanna fix that for me?
You should (for a video) see what you can power with the turbine (hair dryer, phone charger, maybe even a 3d printer!), and what you can power it with (Steam, rocket, cO2 cartridge, etc.)!
why isnt tesla praised more for his contributions?
Oh come on, noone with an ounce of background in engineering is "confused" by this.   And noone with an ounce of background in engineering is surprised that we don't see them in practice. They have terrible performance compared to traditional turbines. Which is why we don't use them. At low speeds a lot of energy is wasted in the airflow overcoming inertia. To get the most efficiency you need to spin the discs over 50,000rpm, which apart from the smallest discs will rip them apart when trying to use this as a turbine. Once you factor in heat buildup and expansion, these things are horrifically inefficient and prone to error.  Seriously people, stop fapping over anything Tesla.
The problem with early iterations of the design was material strength. The force on the disks at high RPM was excessive, and they just came apart. have modern metals overcome that?
I'd like to see a deep dive into the de Laval nozzle!
from what i've seen, the tesla turbine is very efficient but only at very high speeds. and we don't have materials strong enough to reach the speeds required for that efficiency
how bout a mini working wardenclyffe tower model with aquifers ?
For the printer 😁. Can you build mini steamnengine and use on the r/c?
It would be interesting to see one of these turbines set up inline with irrigation watering or something that could hook up to a garden hose for people watering their yards.
Show is how the Tesla warden tower worked and can it be done today?
was looking into a 3D printer just to learn and start on that's not to expense, maybe a video on the best 3D printers for beginners?
Suggestion for next video: how MUCH power can you make with a Tesla Turbine? And how many garbage disposals can you use to destroy tomatoes USING a Tesla Turbine?
Next up, a water tube speed boiler for making superheated steam?
"Those are some pretty big discs..." "Oh yeah, 10 inches."
Future video idea running a 3d printer off the power generated from the steam turbine featured in this video.
Idea test your rocket engines on model planes
Can you do a video about the ion thruster, maybe even a small demo
I've always wanted to couple one with another one run backwards as a compressor and a combustion chamber between them to make a jet engine.
Great 🎉
I would like to see if you can get this turbine to run without any additional power/fuel other than solar/sun power. You could use a combination of solar panel and magnification of the sun to boil water to create the steam.
The only problem I see is it needs a generator to run a generator (because it is using compressed air and using gas to run the compressed air). His invention can be used with very viscous liquids. So if they can figure out how to use it without another generator it could be revolutionary.
cool but can it slice tomatos?
What if you connect one of these to a car or motorcycle exhaust, to replace the vehicle alternator? Would be more efficient I think
Be careful how you use the turbine, the CIA might just have to wipe you from next year's census lol
What router setup did he use to cut the discs out of the sheets of aluminum?
Why are tomatoes disgusting but ketchup, delicious? There must be an answer!
It would be interesting if you visited the concept and real world value of solar thermal projects.
Great content as always! Could you please consider making a video on combining an HHO generator with a Tesla turbine? I think it's a fascinating concept with lots of potential. Thanks!
How about making an engine/value using bioplastics ? Since the word is moving away from conventional plastic and PLA is becoming a very common printing element can an engine/valve be build using bioplatic thats mostly used for carry bags.
Aaand, how is the efficency? How much power does the system generate by unit of power used to compress the fluid?
i was asking for this video for past 3 years...
Organic material powered engine when ❤️
Some crazy idea: can you use (multiple) 3d printers to print a 3d printer?
For your next video. You should build a highly efficient turbine run off co2 then make a rocket with a go pro attached
How much electricity vs cost does this provide? Like 100$ of compressed air, does it deliver 10kWh or 1000 kWh?
Now you need to make a version that actually runs on steam and sell those too,
Can you use this blade less compressor to power a vehicle on a smaller scale
Video idea: can you attach your afterburner to one of your jet engines. Btw love the channel, great videos!
Antikythera mechanism!!! EVEN INDIANA JONES DID IT NOW
Future video idea: using a sun powered oven to generate steam for your new tesla turbine.  Also interesting, then comparing the output to a conventional turbine of the same cost
Video suggestion:  Rocket stove + Tesla steam turbine.
You should make a combined engine, from the rde "rotating detonation engine", combined with the true liquid pistone engine, combined again with the bladeless turbine to create the ultimate, rotating detonation liquid bladeless engine.
Trying and build a steam generator with your new Tesla turbine to power your 3D printer to do a full print.
i wonder if you could make an rc car with this
Tesla would be proud
I love you Integza
You should use your new turbine to build a homemade waterwheel or home electric plant just with diy materials.  Not a how to but more of a concept demonstration.  Could be a boost to TesTur and give a cool use for your new tesla turbine!
how about a video topic for diy gasoline production? with fractional distillation and any biomaterial available and even plastic waste you can make fuel at home
The turbine itself it amazing - I love Tesla's various designs and how we are just starting to delve into his work this many years later.
Edison and westinghouse did him dirty
https://youtu.be/YamiV2DR_r8  So this it a link to a steam-powered bicycle. So my idea is maybe you can put a tesla turbine on the crank of the bicycle so a tesla steam bicycle if you will
You should do your Dyson rocket with an electric leaf blower motor. I think we all want to see that
How about building a tesla turbine air powered electric car
Hi integza,  I know you like rockets but how about you try making a rocket car of some sorts or a really powerful rc car? Thanks😁
Yo I need a 3d printer plsss I like to make stuff from stuff I find around the house and if u had a 3d printer it would help a lot
I don’t know how to make people like my comment, but I wish I had a 3D printer.
It would be interesting to see if you could run this turbine by puttng a column of water on top of it. Essentially making it rainpowered. If the hole in the turbine is around 50mm, 25 liters of water should be enough to create 20 psi. Bt maybe my calculation is way off😂
i make hand made turbines my self and they are not like a turbine or like a tesla turbine no it's my own turbine it make about 5000W or just 100MGW with a 1:5 gears and others
When you find someone with the same mental issues as you.. instant best friends..
As a woodworker please look into how dangerous the table saw cross cut technique at 9:54 is.  You’re a smart guy Charlie, the world needs you in one piece.
in a power outage where do you get a consistent 25psi?
Great!  Now show it running on steam.
It would be so cool for integza to 3d print a afterburner for a jet engine. Love the videos
whats about if make next video on steam power rocket
Good job nice vid (and Remember tomatoes are disgusting
Soooo... with this I can make an improved Stanley Steamer? (Steam powered car made by the Stanley Motor Carriage Company). And then I will have lots of money to build my own haunted hotel? (The Stanley Hotel in Estes Park, CO is the inspiration for Stephen King's, "The Shining.")  Wooo-hooo! Sign me up!
hey this would be a cool idea what if you tried to power you home with a Nikola tesla turbine since charley said at 40 psi it generated 4250w maybe at a greater pressure you could run your home on it for a day to see how well it would run for long period of time :)
If this is true, the part about the geothermal steam and stuff. Protect this man, or some people might not want him alive much longer. As we have seen with the water powerd cars inventer and other people who most definatly found a way to power our systems for next to nothing.
What is the input power Viz efficiency
When are you going back to the rocket videos? they were going so well!
It's really great to see you going from just plastic models to real time recreations.
Make us a 3d printed, liquid COOLED rocket nozzle 🚀 🔥 how fascinating that would be, and it should be modular to fit on the ends of motors or test engines
Really would love to see an engine that generates energy using state transitions between liquid and solid (freezing)!
Could you run this using a trompe hammer ram pump ?? Free energy
"All the realistic sizes are standard"  Welp you heard it. Metric is fake, Go away now!
Now that you have a working prototype of Tesla turbine, you should make a oil/gas/wood(steam as the energy source) fuel powered Tesla turbine generator at home ,so that we can learn from that as well 😃
I would think you would still need to do some filtering. The space between blades on the turbine is pretty small and I can't see that not getting clogged if you have particulates in there
I'd love to see you follow up and maybe torture test this thing with different fluids. Or build your own but scaled up in size? What do you think the limitations are as far as scaling it? Do you think it may replace current turbines in things like hydroelectric dams?
Bladeless turbines have exciting potential for aviation and transportation. They could lead to quieter, more efficient, and environmentally friendly air travel and ground transportation. Could you explore this possibility in a future video.
Nice ties and shirts ! But tomatoes are delicious !
Would love that tesla turbine, doa. Hydropower energy from slow moving water
While the tesla turbine has a good efficiency of like 60% the large multi stage turbines in steam powerplants are sitting at 90%+
make a 3d printed one stroke engine
I'd like to see how this can be used powering a house and charging an EV car
As this product seems to be ideal for off-grid usage, Have you thought about doing a video on atmospheric water collection? Theere are some really interesting options from electric dehumidifiers (Air conditioners) to a wide verity of solid state condensors. Thanks for the videos!
Tesla turbines are great but they are not scalable. Above 50cm disc diameter they usually self destruct. I made one using old CD's. It worked pretty well but the discs eventually cracked and disintegrated.
Can Tesla torbayn works in   the opposite direction , actually it is can , in the industrial of Sanitation it used like a waste blades . Thinking of this video's , it one of the simplest chanell can take all this information.❤
How about a video dedicated to the destruction of tomatoes.
What if i use hyd oil ???
Put this engine on a bike maybe
Is it work with tomato 🍅 catch up ???
This tesla turbine is soo cool. Iamgine powering a light when apocolyps comes..... My Video Idea: Something with the geneva mechanism, try to improve some bad prototype ideas or make a mini garbage press with a built in flamethrower to kill the tomatos.
How much power is being consumed my the air compressors?
The testur energy tesla turbine is fascinating. I wonder if it could be a good alternative to batteries for solar? Like charging up an air compressor during the day & releasing that air over night to keep electricity going in your house.
Air powered dirt bike!
I suppose you could use steam power when the Grid goes down. Her name was Grid.
Air compressor gas engine powering a Tesla engine.
What happen if you replace the steam with a nitrogen gas produce from nitrogen liquid,  like actionlab use in hero engine
cool
If he figures out how to power it from the quantum vacuum the deepstate is going to disappear his a**. Be careful if you figure it out just open source it before you get got.
Nikola Tesla never ceases to amaze aye. Such a bloody genius, especially with electronical inventions. If people like him and Einstein were around nowadays, we'd have Tomorrowland 🙃🙂😊
Would love a follow up video showing all of the real world uses for the turbine and the most efficient ways to put it to use. Thanks
I think you should show everyone about the ward cliff tower and explain about radiant energy or as it's called now zero point energy.. I love your respect for tesla and I love how you encourage innovation
Dang it now we need a tiny Tesla turbine steam train.
If hydrogen was burned over the outside skin of a high speed jet plane would it reduce drag and stop the sonic boom when the plane breaks the speed of sound?
Add magnets!
LOL I use onshape all the time
A late friend of mine claims to have seen the “peace ray” in action while serving in the military in the 50s. Only time I ever saw him show fear in any of his many harrowing stories of “totally could have died”.
This video makes me think and ask myself the question: Would that type of turbine work as part of the Turbo, or Jet engine? Try it out in a future video.
I'm subbed to your channel. At first I thought enginnering was difficult. You definitely made it easier for me and a lot of other people. Here's a video idea/ theme. "Engineering Marvels: Unraveling the Secrets of Cutting-Edge Tech and Physics"
Does it make enough power to run the compressor feeding it air? Like a perpetual engine?
I believe this scaled up of course is a major answer to our energy issues
Honestly, as a theme for the channel, I would be fine just testing a bunch of parameters of this engine with Charlie. I'm not an engineer myself, but I imagine that there's a lot of R&D still left in this thing that many of us would be fascinated to see in a followup video or three. Thanks for making a video on this!
now hook this puppy on Dumas Steam reactor and let it fly.
Do you believe in infinite energy?
It would be cool to see how well it works with steam. Maybe next video?
im mechanical engineer and i love onshape , its magic  and free
Would Love to build one of these even if just for my desk. Any chance of getting some CAD files?  **edit** nvm saw the company right after this.
That’s some cool tech
I need a 3d printer, I’m an indian embedded engineer earning $390/month.I Wish to setup a garage workshop. I already have CAD, microcontroller programming, and electronics skills.
Use a big fresnel lens to heat up a steam chamber and this could be viable.  Oh, and some oil company executives would like to have a word...  just step into this car...  don't worry.
!!
About the "use a lower grade steam" claim. Wouldn't it cause issues near the center of the disk? Presumably the flow is slowed down by than and combined with the narrow distance between discs I imagine it's very easy to get a buildup of crystallised salts and the like. Slowly clogging up the space between discs
build a power set-up using a steam boiler and the tesla turbine :D
Pulse jet running a Tesla turbine!
Would love to see a centrifugal clutch build and video.  On another thought, your video of the wind powered car. Could a propeller being driven by wind, turning a gearbox with a centrifugal clutch, power a car INTO the wind?
Can this be used to make power in a homestead?
integza use this to create a ev car and compete Elon musk
Very nice video. It's nice that someone is playing with old inventions and they don't die or worse, they are buried underground by large corporations. @integza 3d printed GUN is must to smush tomato
You will never achieve an efficiency higher than 48%. Nicolas Tesla created a pump and not a turbine. If you think about it, you will understand that the pump, which exists as soon as the discs turn, opposes the turbine. Consequently you must inject the air in the center and not in the periphery. It's mechanically impossible except if you have a new idea.
*Y’know, I’m pretty much convinced Nikola Tesla is our Howard Stark*
Very well done, again! I'm very excited for Charlie, this is going to mean a lot to him. Thanks Integza!
It woud be very interesting to see this thing powering a (RC)-car through a mechanical drivetrain aswell as through an electric drivetrain.
Topic for next video " Use tesla turbine in a stream or river to see how much it can generate ".
What was the mass flow at 20PSI air?
I've enjoyed watching many of your videos where you have built amazing things with 3D printers. This is really a great video for me. I am building a 4' x 8' solar parabolic mirror panel to generate electricity for my Bitcoin mining rigs and I need a steam turbine. Can Charlie sell the plans so I can build the Tesla Turbine electric generator to convert the steam into electricity?
Can you test the turbine with higher viscosity fluids(like water, oil , honey even) ? I am curios what effect the power generation on a higher degree. viscosity or flow rate
Hey Universe. Let them hit the likes on this (pinned) comment so I can get that 3D printer to tinker and Tesla along and create great models. ❤
Great video! I heard that this Tesla turbine needs to spin fast to be able to use as a gas turbine for creating electricity. So it has been marked dangerous.  Would love to see it working with steam, from e.g. a modified pressure cooker, which can heat water/steam to around 110-120 °C. I am not trying to suggest any high temp dry steam (~300°C) If it works try to use some fine sand or media to see how well the blades/discs are withstanding it.
Future video idea: make a ionocraft that is a bladeless drone And power it with Tesla coil  👇Please like
I’d love to see you make your own wind tunnel and maybe 3D print airfoils for testing! Or see the difference between different wind generators used in a wind tunnel like a blameless fan and a turning engine or the ionic engine and what effect they have on an airfoil
Bro should definitely make a video recreating the double slit experiment
Would love to see a collaborative work with Tom from explosions and fire
For the future one épisode of how to use the Lithium batteries from one way vape cigarettes, for example charge with a mini 3d printed turbine and discharged at dusk with leds for outside lights, or other combinations with small esps? thx for your videos
I appreciate the demonstration with the seamen and the metal spoon ...
Compressed air is not steam!!!!!! This is a $1000 nothing burger… $1000 wasted. Running on compressed air is not off grid.. u vid say off grid  yet making compressed air with IC engine is only 5% efficient..  and a maximum operational temperature of 85°C. Please remember that these are test conditions, and the turbine is not designed to be run at these limits continuously.  No steam with any pressure can be had at 85C…   Terry turbines run on 65psi sat steam… and the 65psi steam has T of abt 155C… until u up max allowed operating Temp, ur device is a bust… otis p armstrong p.e.  Far cheaper… buy U a honda ic generator for free with the $1000 U saved by not touching this rube goldberg nothinberger
Tomato steam powered Tesla turbine. Tomatoes heated by tomatoes to make steam.
sea water  hydrogen generator + byproducts
I would like to see you  fly a plane with one of your engines
i want buy it go sell
4:02 why the star?
Could you make a comparison between how much watt a tesla generator and a bladed fan can generate in open wind, and see how efffective this would be in applications similar to windmills? And maybe see how different designs of each compare aswell. This is very interesting to think about.
Great Video, Great Guest👍👏
Can it be used as a compressor for a rocket nozzle to deliver fuel to the burner?
This guy talks about his turbine with so much passion is honorable
Since your giving away printers for us makers, then you could do a video showing how to bring our ideas to live. i.e show hiw to optimise designs, print them with enough strength to be able to hold up its use. Basically what you take into account when you build all those works of art.
simple, more rocket videos
Would love to see a Tesla Turbine Go-kart!
Video idea: make a hydrogen generator, then use it to make a 3D printed combustion engine
Id like to boost a car with one! That would be awesome if it could work
You could gimme the 3d printer. I have never had one of my own.  I could change the world with one of those bad boys!
Tomatoes cost 2 dollars here india which used to be 30 cents so no one is buying tomatoes so you are happy
Jet lawn mower
For the 3d printer, I recommend a video as a follow up to how these turbines could be implemented in a real life scenario. How could it get natural energy?
Using gravity, electromagnets, and distance to propel rockets into orbit.  Not from a standing start.
Say ping pong ball again
Make a long video going through all 200 Tesla inventions and rating them. Maybe a 2-part video?
Suprised I'm not (or at least weren't) subscribed to your most interesting channel. So now you have one more, from the other side of the earth (NZ). Thanx, for the past & the present.
How about a video concerning turbines that take advantage of the Venturi and Bernoulli effects.
Please make a follow up video where you make it work with real steam and calculate the efficiency.
If the tesla turbine can run efficiently at low rpm as was stated before, try making a home made pressure generator as simplistic as possible to run it. So steam or even exhaust from the combustion of a propellent this would serve to see its practicality and serviceability in a emergency situation. As it was stated in your video it should be able to run on liquids of any kind even with particulates. Is this a good apocalypse survival tool.!
Honestly I live in NZ so I doubt you'd send one here XD but I love so many things tesla created. He really was ahead of his time and its great to see wacky channels like yours show these devices in funny and informative ways.
You should build the famous earthquake machine!! 👍🏻
You should build the famous earthquake machine!! 👍🏻
I wonder if it could be run off solar hot water pannels? Im thinking mostly of those vacuum tube systems, could be an awesome little generator. Could work well on a closed loop with the water jacket on the back of a combustion wood stove
What if you used the turbine to rotate an axel to power a compressed air car?
Use youre jet engines to make something that flys
How about 3D printing a Tesla powered tomato mill that makes sweet sweet tomato purée for spag bol and pizza sauce
Give a nozzle, jet fuel, and attach it to a tesla
I would love to see something involving peltier modules being integrated with engines of something to utilise the energy lost to heat
hey, @Intenza, while I would love the 3DP(rinter) to test this myself, I just want this tested so I can stop thinking about it.  An Idea that uses spin gravity, and converts it into forward momentum. It looks like it makes sense when I think about it, but I cannot get a 3DP right now.  Here's how it goes. first, you have a can. it is full of water. at on of the enternal ends, you have a *1* ring/disk/ rotor that spins/ the can itself spins the other way.  basically, at the can in general, you have spin gravity that concetrates the water at the long sides. at one end, you also have that *1* spinning ring that spins the liquid the other way, which destroys the angular momentum, tus the liquid now is free to fully fill the space of the can.  that basically creates at that end of the can a permament zone of low pressure, so the water flow over it.  that internal side of the can is *textured.* So it shares momentum with the liquid as fast as possible.  so as the water flow, they take the can with them. when the water lose the angular momemtum and fill up the can, from an outside perspective, they don't really *move with force, at all* they infact, just fill the now to *it, the water in the can,* low pressure area. even if they take some of that momentum from an outside perspective, this is not an equal forces nulifying eachother, it's a neutral momentum liquid sharing in the momentum the can now has.  this make total sense when I think about it, but I do not have the means to test it.  *Pleaase* test this.* So I can let it go if it doesn't work.
Wouldn't adding several warps to the discs increase torque both at low and high speeds?
Eww, imperial units  Not mad, just disappointed
you can se this in reverse to pump concrete.
❤ this episode
thank you, tesla's earthquake machiene is a good invention.
PSI is a worthless metric.  It's like saying "5000000V!"  Or "10000000AMP"!  Completely worthless without flow rate.  Your 2 latest videos are both completely scammy rubbish with no real scientific basis.  Do better.
lacking efficiency numbers and possible advantages over steam turbines
The King of Random @TKOR made a solar scorcher with the fresnel lens from a large projector TV.  You could use that to make solar powered steam for your turbine.
How is running a diesel engine to generate electricity through a stator more inefficient than compressing air and releasing it over the turbine? You need an engine or electricity to compress that air.
I would like to see your take on a pendulum engine.
Make a turbine that can be mounted to a vehicle  car, jet ski  atv etc, that can actually  move it , even if just a little bit
Can you make a bigger and try using it in a full scale house
Can you make liquid Reusable roket
The principles of earthships. AC of the future and warming from the ground
imagine having such a good friend that he builds you a Tesla turbine. Lovely video
How am i going to use this turbine without electricity? I asked because near the end he mentions being able to use it while off the grid.
I want you to put this turbine on a e-bike.
Build a concentrated solar plant and use it as the steam generator for this? Had an interest in these 10 years ago (when I was a young teen), it is good to see they still exist in the real world and are getting some attention
It would be more efficient if they used a 4 nozzle design
Very motivating to revisit older inventions
What's the energy efficiency?
How about you build an electrolysis machine? you could produce oxygen and hydrogen to use for fuel.
How much energy is used to create that 40psi at whatever CFM? How large of a boiler would it take to run this?
İntegza Can You Do An Simple Animatronic Running Of Steam Or Air? And Keep The Good Work!:)
this is Tesla's greatest invention bar none we simply lack the materials
I've been using onshape since I was like 11 I love it, great for everything cad, currently designing my dream home on there
Isn't it ironic that the guy needs to use a diesel generator to power the Tesla turbine that he's selling as a 'alternative' power source for when the grid goes down?
I don't believe that this turbine isn't affected by hot steam, or minerals, like he claimed. Maybe conventional turbines lose efficiency quicker when they get damage than the Tesla turbine. But I have a natural scepticism towards fanboys who make outlandish claims.
My understanding of the largest drawbacks to the Telsa Turbine being scale. It just didn't scale very well with improvements in metallurgy and the subsequent pressure that could be gained from newer boilers, at which point, reaction turbines largely took over.
i would love to see this with a hydraulic dam model
Make an rocket that can fly
Make an rocket that can fly
According to a research paper that was measuring something irrelevant, a 4 cylinder, 1300 cc gasoline engine, can put up to 2.5 bars/almost 33 psi of exhaust pressure, can we fit it on gasoline engines to capture this wasted power? I can only imagine the potentials
I love Integza, and the accent goes hard… or as he said: Ard. Also Hair/Air😂😅 Love you man!
I like you so much that I am willing to overlook your ridiculous hate for tomatoes LOL
you should make your own using a 3d printer then using steam to operate it
Ik it's not the usual content but i'd love to see you go to a geothermally active site to try and test such a turbine with actual steam for your next video
As a guitarist, I would love to see you make an electric guitar pickup.
i want to work with these guys!
This is the story of your enslavement, the "elite" exposed 👉 The Connections (2021) [short documentary] 💖
New subscriber. Thank you for your hard work in creating these intellectually stimulating contents. I'm really enjoying learning with you.
will this work if you power it with pressurized tomato juice?
Build a solar powered steam engine with the tesla turbine and a concave mirror ☀🔎🚂
video idea: light powered turbine
Dude I'm in South Africa with rolling blackouts every day. This company needs to market over here. This makes me want to make one...
If Tesla was alive he would have invented many more solutions to some complex Mechanical Engineering Projects.🙌
What about a video about making your own replacement car parts?
In the wise words of Bobby "I want that" I love seeing these cool strange generators when I have my own workshop I want to try making a steam or Stirling generator even to just charge my phone for fun sometimes
Tomatoes are disgusting
Show us proof of how you would use this if the power grid went down. No electricity - No compressed air. Bushcraft-style, baby!!!
video idea: Id love to see one of your mini jet engines on an rc plane! and i think it would be awesome to see you turbojet in action. btw love your videos and can't wait for a new upload.
You should try to make a wood gas generator and then use the heat to make steam to power your Tesla generator dual purpose on one fuel.
Can you concentrate wind into one of these? Or possibly build them big enough safely to be useful? Would look weird on top of a house but if useful...
Get that bladeless Turbine a turbojet output ? Use fuel at high psi to rotate blade of turbojet ? I'm asking you bc i dont have 3d print or the tool to safely try high pressure flammable liquid or gaz  😅 Give me my dose of crushed tomatoe ....mmhh'kay  sir.. pls ?
convert your telsa turbine to be steam powered! :D
Your videos are really setting a standard in the DIY platform. As a go-to tutorial to build a new project. Would like to see more projects on electromagnetic shielding, faraday's Cage, radiation shielding etc. which would be really cool! A hello & new subscriber from India
Awesome video! I think it's your turn to build something else Nikola Tesla designed :D Even just a neon globe would be fun.
they still are not as cost effective as other turbine designs. if they were, then we would see the tesla turbine used in dams, which we don't. they do work though and its fun to use them. i can't say i'd recommend a steam generator over wood gas though. maybe if you live somewhere with no wood? but then what do you burn to get the steam...  wood gas power generators are still WAY WAY more efficient and cost effective and they require only wood to fuel the generator. there are many generators that will run on wood gas right out of the box, and if not they can be easily converted.
I would be really interested to see how this would run with water, currently in the diy community the impulse turbine has been used a lot to take a small creek run the water down a pipe on a hill to increase psi and use that increase of force to spin the impulse turbine connected to an alternator to generate power. I wonder if this could improve upon that?
Can you use this to generate enough electricity to cook a tomato?
Does anyone know the overall efficiency of this build?
Theme for future video:Use your sparkly new turbine to make a steam powered electric skateboard or rc car
Theme for future video:Burning tomatoes and using the carbon to make carbon fibre
Create a scenario where the grid power fails and you have to run your freezer off steam power and a tesla turbine.
I'd like to see an efficient propeller for a trolling motor made
It would be nice to see a contactless magnetic gear transmission
Another excellent video from our man, Integza! It was a pleasure to get to hang out with you, come back and visit again soon! (Andrew, TesTur Energy)
Water engine please sir
The way you say "Ping-Pong Ball" is so cute.
a great way to improve this engine could by using it to make Compressed air generation: If it’s designed to work with air, you can use it to generate compressed air. Compressed air has such as powering pneumatic tools
What was the measured efficiency of the turbine in converting pressurized air to electrical work?
I wanna see that thing run off of steam and what it produces.
raw tomatoes are indeed disgusting
Imagine installing these in EV’s…  then filling up your car with water to go on vacation.
I wonder if you could use a tesla turbine and power a tesla coil or something else tesla invented? 😮😮😮 that would be amazing to see hahaha
Just a silly thought, but has anyone attempted using a tesla turbine to power a tesla coil?
… is no-one going to mention the mouse carcass?
Awesome, i view a some videos related to tesla turbine a few years ago. Its cool see that a physic(s) are studying it. New subscriber man!
Build a big magnifying glass device to boil water with the sun and use the steam to power this thing
DeLavel had a centrifugal cream separator too I think. Or some similar name. Probably him though.
Amazing
Once he described the relationship between speed and torque, it all came into focus. Likely why Tesla was proud if it was that efficiency and ability to function well in high pressure environments.
I'd love to see you try the make a rotary engine, then somehow kill a tomato with it🎉
3D printed tesla turbine? With CAD files on thingiverse.
I don't think anybody was thinking he's a "Tesla fanboy" in 2023 :D
Where do you set this up for constant use? Is it practical? I'd love to test this out...
Would It be possible for you to use the Tesla turbine that he either made for you or maybe a bigger one that you build and build a generator out of it? Like maybe using electrolysis to make hydrogen that you burn to heat up water into steam and then feed the steam into the turbine? I feel like that could be the start to Tesla turbines becoming individual generator units but maybe not. But I feel like it would be a very interesting video to watch. Thanks for the knowledge!
every episode in stuff looks more professional and I love it
A fun and interesting project would be to build a Tesla turbine powered rc car or go kart.
I heard about the Tesla turbine 15 years ago.  One thing I can never find is how efficient a turbine is.  How much power would been needed at the input of the Tesla generator to actually power those 1200 watts lamps.
You should do a video about homemade nuclear reactors.
Now do electrolisis , burn the hidrogen and inject that into they Tesla turbine
So could this design be used effectively as a hydroelectric generator?
Sooo, when are you going to make an actual nuclear powerplant with this turbine?
What is the scalability in this design?
