1. I dont understand whether ISA profit is tax free or the 20k per pear is tax free the same way as 40k(60k) pension is? 2. Who is managing the ISA (LISA) once you invested into bad shares and went on holiday.
Why not do something for the single people or people who do not have kids
We are a 6 figure income couple and had very little saved and not much cash lying around the preverbal". '...don't have $500 for an emergency" that was us. The big thing was debt all kinds of it, cars mortgage (although our home isn't a high price one), student loans for our kids, and of course credit cards. One day we just got sick of being broke and went total scorched earth and became frugal overnight. Paid it all off, it took almost 5 years but now we have no debt and this year our savings rate is 50% on basically the same income that had us perpetually broke. So for us it is mainly staying out of debt and watching our spending, at first it was a real effort to save in our HISA and 401Ks but now it's actually fun watching our money grow. No car or vacation or neighborhood is worth being broke or financially unstable.
No that minimum wage has gone up by £1 an hour then goods and services will go up also people with qualifications and use those will also want a pay rise and if not then they may consider why they do the work they do for slightly more than minimum wage
On inflation you are wrong to say they haven't done for it is down to 4.6% from 11.5% that proves they have acted on inflation.
Hes such a great man
Doing a good job Martin calling out all the massive hikes, can’t believe how much car insurance has gone up an extra £150 than last year premium. Cost of living has gone through the roof
Is this guy working for the tories? He barely touched on LOADS of bad stuff that's in the budget statement and it feels like he's trying to push this new budget announcement as a good thing ?
I don't earn enough from part-time  employment to pay full class 1  national insurance but do earn from book royalties and managed to meet the criteria to pay voluntary class 2 for last year. But if class 2 contributions have been abolished does that mean i can't make the voluntary class 2 contributions? If so, then i will have to make voluntary class 3 contributions in the future which are much more expensive and would amount to tens of thousands of extra over the course of my life. Is this what I'm facing now that class 2 contributions have been abolished?
Thank you for the explanation. Result of the state pension increase, bye bye to my small personal pensions, they’ll going tax.
A minimum wage of £11.44 a year? Are sure it’s not per hour?
Seems like a whole lot of give aways, How on earth is the state paying for all this, Is the government going to borrow & create 1 million civil servant jobs or quangos & then say the tax revenue has gone up.  PONZI SCHEME U.K.
Can you verify the authenticity and implications of this inheritance tax change letter dated 22nd November 2023, as purportedly issued by the UK House of Commons?BY JEREMY HUNT ? All inheritance income tax that is previously 15% will cease henceforth. No stamp and no further documentation processing will be allowed if customer refuse to pay the new 30% applicable new rule Note that all inheritance tax must be rated at 30% henceforth, all pending unsigned document must be communicated to All customer who make payment after on the 22nd of this month, this new rule is applicable.. IS IT REAL ?
I'd like a job like Lord Cameron has , he got all his salary from Greensill finance into an off shore account  If a Lord can have these perks , the rest of the country should be entitled to the same perks  Im not saying Lord Cameron is guilty of avoiding HMRC taxes , but we should be entitled to the same tax avoidance schemes the elite seem to get
I wish Martin Lewis would be our Prime Minister
I'll carry on as normal as everything for me is very good
Wonderful video, beautifully explained!
Martin Lewis is reminded that some the UK blind and severely disabled have not received any of their legally entitled incomes and support payments since the 2nd June 2022. This was the result of the collapse of the  DWP  payments systems at the post office for the most vulnerable in our society. This was inspite of warnings from parliament in January 2022THis is the biggest disaster for this government which has excluded his legal right to stand for reeliction in may. The charities have called for sunaks imprisonment and resignation which the law provides for.  Martin be actuate. this group of people have not received any cost of living payments since  2022 confirmed by the DWP.   The will not receive any cost of living payments in 2023-24 confirmed by the DWP,   Michael Gove wants a parliamentary enquiry and group compensation scheme for those effected similar to the post office counters disaster.   Kier starma wants a judicial enquiry.  Jeremy Hunt MP is clearly misleading parliament and has to resign this week as he has breached the ministerial code. Alleged genocide of the uk blind disabled children and adults  Must lead to the arrest of hunt and sunak this dying government.
3:22  Salary of £11.44 a year?!?!? OMG!! 🤣🤣🤣
£11.44 a year? Bit stingy. I think you mean an hour 😂
He never talks about the things that are most important. I had to look elsewhere to find it as he was too slow and never tells you enough. Mate, the poor and the disabled are suffering so where are you?
Seems to be getting harder for him not to be political. A rather naive idea to begin with tbh.
Let me save you some time. It means fuck all.
I watch several YouTube videos on how to trade in the stock market but haven't made any head start because they are either talking some gibberish or sharing their story of how they made it and I do not want to make mistakes by taking risks in my own hands..
minumumm wages is the lowest than Europian countries..then you expect us to say "thank you"..
we all turn on India..become poor,homeless,starving..
Thank you.
Thank you..I wish you were our Chancellor.. Your the only person I trust and you say it so I can understand it. I feel your on our side.. Please keep telling it like it is. I'm glad the lha is going up, I'm in the South East and my rent has gone up £400 since 2018 yet my rent benefit has stayed the same for 5 years. I've had to.make up £100 - £200 every year as the lha.was so.not reflective of.our average rent here...its been absurdly way low...xxx
Bargi Italy that your home Thomas my Grandad Italian Captain in 1914 to 1918 Italian Army. Italy pay out welfare state benefits to Italians in Italy no Thomas. Massimo Zimmardi Italian told you truth Thomas Italians work in Italy Thomas. Population Bargi Italy 10000 Italian it wealthy Thomas.
Living wage to rise .. business pays the employees, employees then pay more tax and national insurance . So tax revenues rise for the government. So approx £ 40 pw, £2000 per year funded by businesses per employee who will see approximately £1500 . So work will pay  but unemployment will also
£11.44 per HOUR!
Martin's hair looks very odd .
as the N I contributions go down does the tax go up as i am on state pension and working i stopped paying N I but my  tax rate almost doubled.
Will the 2% cut in NI now be subject to income tax?
Benefits up by 6.7% next year the working person will be lucky to get an at present inflation pay rise of 4.5% where’s the justice!
Martin, Not every pensioner gets a full state pension.  Older pensioners get less than the new pension.  The year the government didn’t give the full increase means year on year we still get less than it should be.  The increase is still not up to the rate of inflation so not much really.
Hi Martin, I am really disgusted that having paid NI contributions for 40 years I find myself on the old state pension and not the more lucrative newer pension. Can you explain why I don't qualify for the new pension Many thanks
With a %rise to pensions those on the higher rate of pension get more than those on the lower rate widening the gap
Very poor audio levels on this one.
Martin is so tight he filmed this video back in 2010.
I rely on Martin Lewis for all my financial advice. He can't get me out of poverty, but taking his advice helps me to minimise the poverty I am obliged to manage. I'm extremely grateful.
One of the big problems with increasing NMW is that it will make manufacturing in the UK unsustainable. There will be a large shift in manufacturing away from the UK to India, Mexico and China leading to a growth in unemployment.  It will also lead to increases in Council Tax as staff demand bigger pay increases to keep their wages above NMW. This year, Essex County Council gave their lowest paiid staff (myself included) a 12% pay increase as they wanted to retain their minibus crews. The rise in NMW plus the planned 4% rise would have seen wages for lower paiid staff such as those working as driver/PAs for Ugobus, school crossing staff and the staff working at the household waste recycling centres become uncompetitive and make recruiting new employees almost impossible.
Thanks Martin and team. One thing I was surprised you didn’t mention: fractional shares have been eligible in ISAs up until now (approved by HMRC and FCA) - it is only due to a reinterpretation of the law that they were to become ineligible. So the Gov are essentially just fixing a problem that they only just created on paper.
Minimum wage needs to go up more what is 11.44? It should be 13 at least
Oh they're giving back a pinch of the masses they stole? Ah wonderful. Stealth taxes in full effect. 2% NI cut is a waste of time, does nothing, just dangles the carrot to the uninformed who lap it up.
What happened to your lapel mic, its so echoey?
As a pensioner, I am appalled that pensions are rising at a higher rate than benefits. Pensions should not be given preferential treatment.
Really helpful as always, the go-to for simple, clear explanations
It’s ok to spend money 💰
How amazing how the government spent so far 102 billion pounds to save you 30 minutes journey on the HS2 now they have to get that money back somehow ,how do you think they gonna do that? 🤣
dont forget the earlier indications that Council Tax rises by about five per cent
It's not a tax cut it's just another insult.
Who has £450,000 stashed in an ISA? Not many!
Thank you Martin. Much of this stuff is gobbledegook for us consumers when it comes from Politicians on the day. Nice touch i thought, raising the pensions and benefits knowing there was likely to be a rise in energy pricing the following day. Good news for those on pension credit. But that retirement date for those of us in our 50's is getting ever longer paying into pensions we won't live to see
This man is a national treasure ❤
What a brilliant  man.
The absolute boils my brains that we are spending millions of pounds a day on migrants their accommodation there is people in this country that have worked all their lives some of the 50 60 years and when they need help it's not there what is an absolute disgrace and if it wasn't for Martin Lewis and the help that it gives people I think would be lot worse for these people,  It's not Martin Lewis's job to look after people in the UK is the government!!!! and who we put in their place to do the best for us a none are doing this, sack the lot !
Excellent more money in my pocket to pay for higher energy bills and higher council tax. Anybody would think these are luxuries.
11.44 Per Year?? Jheez
It means we have to work even longer for a pension, or not get one off the state
Hello Martin and team. I have no idea why this turned up in my feed, but I'm grateful. Excellent report and I'm now subscribed. I had no idea you were doing this.  Just a quick note. If you leave a bit more time on the run out on the video, it allows us slow people to like the video and or access the comments BEFORE the video dissappears!
It's time for Tory politicians to represent their electorate and not billionaire Tory party donors.  It's time for a household wealth cap for political candidates and MPs of £10 million with those whose wealth exceeds the wealth cap resigning and not eligible to become MPs.
Pietro Boselli Italian runs Italy Thomas he super rich he a friend Thomas. Lucky to win Italian general election Thomas. Strong Italian government Thomas in Italy. Italian state Pension 7.3% rise.. Italy said  No UN migration pact. Labour party England different Thomas Britain open borders. You accept it Thomas yes Art Bezrukavenko said it.
Ah excellent, being a hard working man who spends his days keeping Britains infrastructure mobile it delights me to know that those screwing the system over are getting a bigger pay rise than me 🤬🤬
Martin sellner Austrian did discuss it. With, uk general election in England London Britain 2024 yes. Janet Daly Daily Telegraph she Labour party Landslide victory over Tories in 2024 Uk general election Art Bezrukavenko deliver it.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
What is the comparison between the scrapped NI payment for self employed and voluntary contributions? Last time I looked at voluntary contributions they were a lot more expensive than those for self employed. So it seems they have axed cheaper option.
My incease last year was eaten up by £1000 increase in tax, so that my overall  income went down monthly. So much for providing yourself with a private pension and paying SERPS. I'm sick of this government having its filthy mitts in my purse. At 77 years old Im not fit enough for work, but these skunks don't care. The Chancellor's Autumn statement is smoke and mirrorsk expect an early election.
Please Martin can you start a campaign to have Carers paid the hourly rate of £11.44 as they have to give at least 35 hours a week at least in support of their disabled client/family member. The chancellor and the government want more people into work and are boasting that they have increased the hourly living wage for all people. Well I do not feel that it is fair that Carers are under paid  or  'unpaid' and should be treated with greater respect and counted as part of the general workforce, thus contributing to the economy by paying the going rate of tax and national insurance. You are a man of the people and you seem to get things done for us all so a huge Thank you Martin for all you do for us.
Stop paying benifits to those of boats 70 thousand this week nhs is gone now targeting sick scum bags if people on jsa carnt find work how sick going get people to employ them then stopping benifits 18 months so sick people will lose homes to sleeping rough near parliament stop claiming expenses at parliament tax the rich
I moved me and my family to Isle of Man. 20% top income tax rate, 0% corporation tax, no stamp duty, no capital gains tax, no inheritance tax, effectively no NI for self-employed. Go where you are treated best.
Thank you for the video explaining, and thank you for the good-quality subtitles, it's appreciated!! 😊 It's a shame about ns+i, I was looking forward to them maybe dropping a good fixed-rate saver. Thank you for your work campaigning for the Lisa changes, please continue! 🤞
God bless you am happy you’re on YouTube 💃💃💃💃💃💃💃💃💃💃
I should get an OBE for working that out.
thats simple we all have to pay more regardless of what he said. he gives with one hand and takes with another.
UK is the land on benefits...
Like you I had hoped for another NS&I offer suchs as the 6.20% 12 month bond that lasted for a relatively short time. I managed to move fast enough and had found it before you mentioned it. Made me feel more confident that you had also picked up on that deal. Fingers crossed for more offers in the near future. Martin, keep up the good work as it is really appreciated by many of us.
Martin - most of us are aware that you do not involve yourself in advertising. However there has been a raft of garbage on the likes of facebook using AI and your words. For those that follow you here and on your TV programme I think it would be prudent to remind people of this in an effort to forewarn those that might be scammed.
So why have the pensioners been calculated at 8.5% and the other benefits at 6.7% who wait most pensioners vote Tory thats why!
All for the upcoming Election then the next November budget will be a bad one no doubt if they get back in power.  Would like to have seen a cut in VAT if only for a year it would have helped.
Excellent update Martin thanks
Why reduce National Insurance when it is one of the main ways of raising funds for NHS and benefits and State Pension.   Is it because they know they will be out next election and leave the new government to pick up the shit storm?
Is PIP included in the benefit increase?
£11.44 a year isn’t much to live on.
I think the utilities should be reducing the standing charges so that we can actually use some gas or electric instead of just paying for the privilege of having a connection and it sitting there taunting us
is that a van der graaf generator ????
The way this country rips off ordinary working people is nothing short of unforgivable. Haven't we suffered enough??!!🤬
Martin what are the government doing for disabled people like me?
For 13 years the Tories have wrecked the country and now they are giving us a few baubles to trick the stupid to vote them in for another 5 years
some interesting money decisions coming in the year of the General election.. how convenient...
Thanks
Just bribes so when they get voted back in they can then screw us with tax rises and benefit reductions.
hi can u still only have one isa per year coz there was talk of change
Because I brought up my two children I went part time for a few years and paid the 7 pence stamp,I am now only allowed 65% of the full pension,and because it’s percentage rises the gap gets wider for me,for over 30yrs I paid full stamp, but they tell me that I will not get anymore than 65%,
I applied to start making voluntary contributions to my National insurance in February 2023, and they still have not processed that and started to take the money out of my account. I've chased them a few times about this, and they say they got the application but haven't processed it yet. It's madness. You would have thought they would want to collect money.
Get rid of NI altogether and just roll it in to general taxation. Cut VAT. Fuel duty could be cut simply by removing VAT, which is a tax being added on top of all the other taxes lumped on to petrol and diesel. Basically leave more money in peoples pockets so they can invest in their local economies instead of trying to tax us to prosperity (which is a lot like saying we had to burn the village down to save it 🙄). Get more people in to work means being able to reduce the unsustainable levels of benefits this country has cornered itself in to paying.
Martin why don’t you ever mention the connections politicians like Jeremy Hunt and Sunak have to the WEF and Klaus Schwab and the plan for the Great reset how Ulez and everything else is connected to the WEF Hunt and Sunak both WEF members, Klaus Schwab wants to enslave the working and middle class it’s lunacy
This means nothing to me......ahhhh Vienna
Nicely explained , thank you. It’s all smoke and mirrors . I’m going to be worse off as income tax hasn’t changed coupled with todays energy price cap announcement
You got to work yourself to death to keep yourself poverty but the country can afford 8.5 million a day on hotels for people that have never paid a penny to the system.  Never mind what they are paying to house them permanently.. What a joke of  country
I see they didn't introduce the pension pot for life. It's obvious scheme providers don't want actual competition and have lobbied hard against it. He should at least force all providers to offer partial transfers.
NI that goes towards NHS etc .?????
Firstly, Why is it that when the NHS is starved of cash, he cut NI and did not raise tax thresholds instead? What about the carbon tax that is going to be levied on all imported goods from China and India from 2026? This will destroy the living standards of the poor who rely on access to cheap goods and is simply a repeat of what happened during the Corn Laws.
Great , so the lazy gits who can’t be arsed to go work get more of a rise than us  tax paying workers , I work for the nhs and got  4% rise and work through the night while the lazy gits are sitting at home drinking cider ,  what an amazing. Country we live in ,
Minimum Wage to increase to £11.44 PER YEAR???? I think you mean PER HOUR ......
I think Martin should be made a Lord of the Realm, or even better, the next PM and sort everything out!
Regarding the pension rise l will just pay more rent so therve done nothing for me
£11.44 a year 😅, sounds about right. 3:28   Cheers though Martin, you're genuinely a saint of the people.
I am refusing to pay any more for energy bills. They can cut me off for all I care. Corporate greed, an useless government, and an even more useless Ofgem.
OMG!! Leave it to right at the end to tell us the energy prices are going up by another 5%. They’re already rocket high at the moment.
Broadly then you are taxed 20% on wages, 20% vat on what you buy out of already taxed income, 20% on savings interest. Plus duty on booze and fuel. And if there is anything left when you die they will have 40% of that. With some allowances and exceptions.
Martin used to be able to save you money now his remit is to pass on the doom and gloom now I haven’t got a issue with Martin before everyone wades in  he’s the good guy but is bad news better coming from the good guy
It won't make any difference to pensioners as it will just push more into the income tax bracket.  They really need to up the personal allowance or most pensioners will end up with a tax bill each year.  Both my husband and I have come into the tax bracket this year with the pension ride already, stealth tax on the elderly which is only going to be a higher bill next year with the pension rise.  We both did without a lot all our lives so we would have a small private pension, very little for what we paid in may I add, how wrong we were to do this as we are finding that people who never worked a day or put by for old age seem to be so much better off with all the other benefits they are able to collect ie rent rebate, pension credit etc.  Why would they expect people to go out to work when your punished in the end.
What do you put in your hair . On top black
The chancellor is playing a dangerous game by fuelling inflation, by increasing wages he is going to push up prices to pay for the labour costs.
Does anyone know if the Benefit Applicable Amount will change
They giveth with one hand and take away with the other. Wake up GB these con merchants are taking us for fools. Vote Reform.
Equally importantly ... is it good for public services? Roads, transport, health, schools, policing, courts etc? Or will this budget have to be undone within a couple of years?
Nothing to help me as a single person. I still am worse off, spiralling food and energy prices. Typical Tory austerity.
Any changes on childcare?
Excellent - thank you!
Can we not make this man Prime Minister?
He’s a bell end making millions out of his obvious recommendations
I personally think cutting national insurance was wrong, if they had the money, it should of gone to pay the junior doctors and low pay workers of the nhs and to improve the nhs. I feel they done this so when labour comes in there going to have no choice but to raise tax’s back up if we want a better a nhs. Which I do, I do not want / or can afford to go private.
The gap between old and new State Pension is widening.
Good old Martin putting everything into perspective thanks ❤
Bizarre. Imagine going into a job years ago,that was  enough above minimum wage that you thought your salary was ok. The. Only now to be paid pretty close to minimum wage. It’s a joke.   I’ve been an employer, and some people don’t warrant earning any where near that amount.   Let’s say you’re on £15 pounds an hour as a coach; by the time you’ve pad the tax, NI, etc etc you’re on the same amount as minimum wage if not less! All this budget does is push more people to scamthe system and do jobs on the side for cash and not declare.   Well done to the government.   You’re a joke which ever way it gets cut.
Thanks Martin for explaining and all the work by you and your team.
🏆Thank you 💗
Martin, a little off subject but all to do with pensions. As a couple who have worked all our lives and paid our dues, we decided to sell up in the UK and live in Canada which we did in 2018, that means the UK have no health liability / prescription payments or extra risk to worry about where we are concerned just having to pay us our state pension, the one we contributed to all our working lives. However it's frozen at 2018 rates, not by Canada, but by the UK. It seems we pay a penalty for leaving and potentially saving the Government money! It hurts to hear such an increase that we will not get, we paid in just the same, why should we not get ours?
Does Scotland get the national insurance cut .
Once again, the middle class gets the finger. No money to buy a first home while your salary is eaten up by high taxes and costly food, energy and rent. The UK is the only country which makes you decide whether you want to be super poor to get all the benefits or you get really lucky and somehow climb up the social ladder and be comfortably rich (which is now close to impossible).  The skilled middle class gets raped again.
Martin @ 4:something the cut to National insurance tax, I'm now REALY concerned the tories are trying to kill  the NHS. as I've understood all of my 69yrs N.I. tax paid directly the fund for the NHS. J.H. has been doing his best to kill Public Health Systems, As a Multi-Millionair himself 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
No comment on the changes to disability benefits Martin!
Benefits Britain... Anyone who is able to work should leave the broken country.. Leave behind the scroungers sat in their free housing doing sweet fa..best thing I ever did!
But Martin our National Insurance contributions go towards our state pension, so paying less contributions means less state pension, so we'll have to pay that money at some point to top up what we've lost, we're robbing our future security and Hunt expects us to cheer about it.
HOPEFULLY IT'S £11.44 PER HOUR NOT PER YEAR!!
As others have said, if the lower orders in society were prepared to work hard, like our friends in the Orient do, and do a full day’s hard graft and also pay their taxes, then we wouldn’t be in this parlous position.  Instead we have over 7 million working-age adults here who flatly refuse to get out of bed in the morning and go and do a hard day’s graft, many pleading so-called “mental health”.  It’s a shocking state of affairs, truly shocking, and it’s no wonder the British-born indigenous public are angry.  Tremendously angry.  Something needs to be.  And it needs to be done soon.
11.44 an HOUR....MUPPET
He didn't dare touch the Triple lock. Most tory voters are retired
Are minimum wage rises actually a good thing right now? It could raise inflation again, due to businesses having to invrease their prices to account for the wage increases.
Last year, disabled people got 6%, but the inflation was 9-11% last autumn/year. We were told the difference would be added to this years' % increase i seem to recall. I dont understand why pensioners are deemed to have higher expenses. I have worked with the elderly, my nan is 93. Often elderly people are fully independent except for the last third of their retirement, and sometimes not even then, more like the last 6th of their retirement. Meanwhile, most of my peers are plugged into machines and require assistance to the same degree (or more) than the average non-independant elederly person, according to my real world experience with the elderly/retired and talking to other disabled people online. It's the unfairness because of the stigma around disability that get me.
Even more reason for an Election & hopefully the end of a Tory Government All Labour have to do is promise to undo all the damage that's done by this budget whilst keeping to the pension rise mim hrly rate rise & NI cuts & changes to housing benefit's... do that & even I would vote Labour... not something I would have EVER thought possible
They increase the pension and don’t raise the minimum tax rate so they give you a raise but take it back of you in tax they think we are all thick
So, loads of pensioners will loose most of the 8.5% increase in their pension, because they have a small company pension pushing them over the tax threshold, which has not moved. (dispite paying  35-45 years of National insurance at the full rate). A very clever con.
Fast & informative, nice! To the peeps in need, no real help here. For some, a little bit…over a year (which can warm u in hindsight..). If you’re actually getting max (what ever that is/will Mount 2) out of it, u most likely pay it all back in income tax. Or there about. And those who really, really struggle, won’t get s**t! Again, Thanks for the (fast) walk-thru.
And if you're sick because of a nasty genetic disease you didn't ask for you will have to work to get your benefit even if you are in constant pain. I wish the Tories luck with that one.
Out of all the jobs that I've been applying and looking for. Is it just me that there's far more of the dreaded PT 0 hour jobs about where I suspect that some employers just use those aged 16 to 20 currently in education just to make themselves look good on paper during peak times & seasons.
Minimum wage is £11.44 per hour not year!!!!!!!!!!!
I love the UK . Here is ten pence now but I will take back a pound next year 😂
As a pensioner of 77 who also receives a private pension I will see an increase in my income tax bill.  8.5% of my current state pension is a bit more than £900 gross before tax. Thank goodness I won't have to pay tax on my mobility allowance.
Said on Facebook you wasn't doing this anymore xx
Very many thanks indeed Martin for your hard work and for keeping us all up to date as soon as possible! You’re a king for us all, I really appreciate all your work.😊
Great I will work harder to keep benefit incomers happy
Britain is Bankrupt! This budget is being financed via money printing - mostly! The Oil states lend less money to the west, as our economies go net zero carbon & use less Oil. Wake up people! A Tsunami of debt, inflation & depression is on it's way. . .
Low and middle income families still getting fucked then. Bring on the revolution.
Whats he done to his hair
what it means is they raised taxes to just lower them again so we are where we already were, it just a smoke and mirrors budget to gain votes
Last throw of the dice to remain in power...ain't gonna work. It's the usual rubbish...give in one hand take from the other. No one's better off...just their rich mates.
It's all very well to get an increase, but the tax threshold hasn't changed, so no one will get the full increases. It's call FISCAL DRAG. Many people will be dragged up into the next tax level. This government stinks!!
Keep going brother
State Pensioners who work are exempt from NI
God forbid the Government loses out on any money, its same old, same old, for the struggling, in one hand, out with the other, straight into the Government Consolidation Pot to share amongst themselves. Shocking.
So basically the Tories after having sneakily increased your tax (through failing to increase tax allowance) by 10p in the pound have given you back 2p of that, so generous, if only they were as generous to the poor as they are to the rich!
I am glad to see Pensions and Benefits rising (nothing like at the real rate of inflation) but it's crazy that workers tended to far lower raises so are falling further behind prices. Unless of course you are on min. wage that is!
But why should pensioners who retired before 2016 be £47 per week less as we all have to shop in the same shops and pay the same utility bills after all a pensioner is a pensioner. I just can’t grasp this concept at all. Infact it is totally ridiculous and I would like to know who thought that scenario up 😮😮
Wooo more stealth taxes....
£900 per year. BEFORE TAX So - big deal!
Is National Insurance not where the NHS gets it’s money?
N I  reduced because the NHS is being privatised , you will pay more in medical insurance soon , a lot more
Giveth with one hand, taketh away with the other. Its all bullshit. The only people who benefit are always the richest. It's always been the way.
Don’t believe anything
Britain the only country where you can get away with rebranding the minimum wage as the living wage
£11.44 a year, jeez, gonna be a long 2024
Is the microphone you are wearing actually working?
Thank you Martin. Much appreciated.
This is all very good, but if they do no increase the allowance your allowed to earn, it means your tax liability will increase.
Thank you so much as always!!
It’s amazing the countless ways the government finds to extract every last penny out of you! Even on money you’ve already paid tax on! Almost makes you wonder if it’s actually worth it, might as well live happily as a hobo out of the rat race & system.
Can't you tell we have an election coming. I wonder how long it'll be before they take it all back if they win the next election.
3:30 - £11.44 for working a whole year? Omg, that’s not much!
Why is the rate of NI for self employed so much lower  than salaried PAYE employees, especially as half the rip off bastards  pay no tax. They ofcourse expect all the services provided by the state. Kids education, NHS, Police, Defence etc etc.
A very uninspiring budget from an uninspiring Chancellor.
They need the pensioners  vote, that's the real reason, but we'll take it!
What about carer's 😢
And when you've worked all your life, putting 5% by every month for all your working life, paying your National Insurance contributions for nearly 50 years, so you can try and have a reasonable quality of life in your twilight years and the bloody governments tax you again. This bunch of crooks still bloody tax you to the tune of several £,000’s a year! The dozy b*stard *unt (feel free to insert an initial letter that fits) should have increased the lower threshold to take low income families and pensioners out of the tax bracket not give with one hand and take with the other via income tax. Conservatives no longer fit for purpose...and neither are Labour!
All these folks who are moaning, go travel the world and see what real poverty looks like.
Thank you. Instead of reducing NI why didnt they introduce a system to get workers seen quickly by GPs/hospitals.
This is definitely an election budget aimed at the "middle class" and up £50.5K salary and up, you are going to see an extra £63/month in your paycheck £38K salary (UK median), you are going to see £42/month extra £20K salary (FT on the £10.42/h living wage), you are going to see only £12/month extra (though your pay will raise in April to £11.44/h) £12K and under, you are not going to see anything (though you may be eligible for some benefits which will rise)  Of course, it has also be noted that the less you earn, the more you spend on necessities and the greater the perceived value of every £. Personally, as someone who moved though all these brackes over the last decade and is now in the highest one but still renting, I don't think it changes my situation. I was already earning more than enough to avoid hardship and have the occasional "luxury". At the same time, £750/year is also not enough to move the needle on how quickly I can save for a house deposit.  It would have been much fairer to move up the NI/income tax thresholds. Or invest in something that would help everyone in the long term, like energy, transport or better housing.
Tories out always hammering the English man only thing wrong with England the weather and being ENGLISH 3verybody every nationally welcome
They never rally got rid of slavery did they well I'm sorry but I'm not a slave working hard  for hardly anything just to pay loads of tax which I think is a scam I think the way were all treated we all shud just say no and stop paying tax especially council tax scam it is
Martin, can I point out one quite important but seemingly always overlooked fact regarding the pension increase ,whatever it is.If anyone like myself, receive the state pension and a couple of small  private pensions which take my income to £19200 pa. So obviously I have to pay tax on everything over my personal allowance, that hasn't changed for years, so any increase the government in my pension is less 20% TAX, so in real terms that 8.5% is reduced to 6.8%. I am 77 and still giving the government £2300 pa in tax. My basic unavoidable outgoings are £1025 more a year up, so I am worse off than I was in 2020. Great isn't it.
Martin…. Please become prime minister and fix this country!
Every which way we are being fleeced by the government just constantly take take take, when we do get something back we lose it elsewhere ultimately we are no better off.
Martin you cover state pension then benefits. The state pension is a benefit, you do know this, I hope.... The sooner people start understanding this, the sooner they realise the largest benefit claimants are pensioners!
Cheers Martin.. clear and without the political BS
They give with one hand and take with the other no change then I don't trust jh
I was told of a TV show where you discussed LPA's. The office of the public guardian appear to have been lying to me. What can I do about this, or more to the point, what can we do about this please?
Commentators in the comments section can we please now vote out the Tories in May 2024..  I'm so unbelievably tired of the little person keep getting punished no matter how hard they work. 😮  Lets try something different in 2024 shall we. England I love U, but get off you lazy ass i and VOTE.
I miss you! I'm a Brit, now living in Massachusetts USA. Is there an equivalent of you over here, Martin?
What the autumn statement really means is that debt-ridden people-farmers like Martin Lewis get a bailout.
Pensioners don’t spend your £20 a week all at once 😂
Minimum wage to rise next April to £11.44 per year?  You mean per hour yeah ?
Bloody benefits going up wtf, takes the piss out of us workers
Thank you for the content 👍
Er, they just follow the same protocol as Labour... We all know it means more immigration, resulting in more inflation due to more people chasing the same goods/services. Unskilled, unwilling to adapt to anybody else's culture, they bring their own "cultural enrichment"... We now have FGM wards 🪣💩
What it means is, election time is not that far away🤔
All planned garbage evil bastardsr
the scrapping of class 2 NI for self employed is not good for those who are below the threshold for class 4. It will mean many will end up not havimg enough qualifying years for thr state pension.  Yes they can make voluntary contributions ... this is £15 per week versus £3.45.  Does this mean they will tinker with the state pension next for those of us who are due to retire in the next 10 to 15 years.   Still we just keep working to provide welfare for pollies and civil servants just their "benefits" come at a higher rate than for the disabled and genuine unemployed!!!!   Be lucky if i get a pension as like many women I took time out to raise my children, worked part time as a freelancer when.they were older but dont earn enough to pay NI and lockdown decimated my meagre income and like many self employed didn't qualify for any help so my savings kept us going.  In my entire life the government has done nothing that has made life any better and to be quite blunt the thousands of pounds paid in tax and NI would have given me a very nice retirement pot instead....  am sick of these self serving pollies and the vast majority 6:45 are well past their use by date.
Someone get a time machine and bring Guy Fawkes to the present day.
You did the chancellor's speech without all his gormless rhetoric and pretence. Excellent. Shame about the lifetime iSA limit of £450K, for first time buyers it shouldn't be a cap, but rise in line with some index or other, thanks for campaining on it.
Martin for PM
Martin you meant to say £11,44 an hour NOT A YEAR lol
minimum wage rises to £11.44 an hour not per year
Cheers.
As the basic rate threshold isn't going up, I'll up my workplace pension contributions instead. Might as well cling on to as much as I can.
The change in NI means the more you earn the more you benefit which seems unfair to me. Why not raise personal allowances instead which doesn't benefit the rich...
This was an outstanding budget statement and will put more money in the pockets of millions of people and will take millions out of poverty and was especially good for low paid workers ,pensioners,self employed workers and small businesses including hospitality businesses  MARTIN I AM 68 YEARS OLD AND THIS WAS THE BEST BUDGET FOR THE WORKING CLASS IN MY LIFETIME.
British pension £800 French pension €1500
Good video please keep them coming
Tory scum poverty bankrupt Britain
Clearly some people are getting paid well.  My manager has just gone on holiday AGAIN for another fortnight....
It's more pensioners / workers paying tax as the threshold increase is still frozen until 2028. Basic pension should not be taxed anyway
I admired you Martin  standing up to the government about energy prices, but now I get angry when I hear your name mentioned, because no amount of budgeting will help people on low wages it’s just impossible, I feel you have gone to the dark side , flipping heck Martin you with all your knowledge you know this , your making it look like it’s our fault not the government , you are only helping the people who have money, not the people who desperately need help like campaigning for a proper living wage 🤬
£11.44 a year , you surely mean an hour
please can someone explain what the 30% means in amounts i.e if the highest amount of rent for a 2 bed house is 1300 and the lowest is 900 what would someone get?
Regarding utilities, I live in Spain and use bottled gas. Today I bought two 12.5kg refills for a total cost of €35.40. In the UK a butane refill, albeit a slightly bigger bottle (15kg) is being advertised on a major seller’s website for around £56 for just one refill. I have seen a 12kg gas refill in another UK company being sold for £35, still double the price in Spain. The Spanish government strongly supports the customer in Spain and adjusts the price of gas as and when prices go up or down. If one country can sell gas for half the cost of another country, something is seriously wrong.
So no tax threshold increase yet again = government scam. Energy price increases again = scam. This is NOT going to save this worthless/useless 'government'!
If you’re born between 1983 - 1995 and if you within 100 miles of Wales you will pay 10 percent less on national insurance for 3 months followed by a budget cut supported by the government of 4.5 percent. Ha sorry Martin. This is so insane to follow hahaha 😂
If you press your hands on your ribcage...  Does anyone else feel like they are shaped differently?
Money Man Martin. 🙂
So cutting ni is a good idea? I'd rather keep paying 12% and get decent services. I'll be using the monthly saving to top up my matched work pension, recommend others do same as you're Doubling the benefit and using ni saving to increase pension whilst also getting income tax advantage
the budget was based on a fib, the office of budgetry responcibility has not said the ecconomy will improve on there previos forcast, inflation is still thereand prices are going up , you can give away money based on your inflated tax receipts , but inflation increases everything the governmant spend ,  your just giving away money you were never going to keep, there bankrupting the country or poisoning any future governmants water suply
Here is the government spokesman
£11 per year !!!! What a rise
Wow, bet the Dinghy Divers on lifetime benefits will be congratulating themselves. Meanwhile, knowing the Gobbernment don't generate wealth, but take it from others, us idiots that go to work will pay for this- not knocking those who've diligently worked all their lives and have rightly earned their well deserved pensions.
When can you be chancellor? Thank you Martin ❤
AUTUMN STATEMENT made on the Freemason 11/22 date  11+22 = 33. . the day Kennedy was assassinated 11/22.  This scripted world is so pathetic.   your birthday 5/9  freemasonry - 59..
So I work and fought to get 5% pay rise. Those on benefits get to stay in bed and get 8.5%?
kOKO Martin
A question about ISAs as the wording is NOT clear.  On 07-APR-24 can I open as many cash ISAs as I want and put £20,000 in each one, or can I open up as many as I want providing the total in them all combined is only £20,000 ? I don't think I can open up 5 cash ISAs and 5 stocks and shares ISA in  2024 if I wanted to!
Thanks, Martin.
I get £2.50 a week to much!!
to get pensions credit have less than £201.1p to get it!!
People on benefits have never had it so good , no incentive to work
The budget today is pure Tory bilge and cooking the books to win votes from the very rich, sounds like business as usual
Absolute disgrace to maintain the pension triple-lock. Pensioners already have higher incomes and much higher assets than young working adults, why are we giving them a nearly 10% pay rise???
What is multiple subscriptions on ISA mean?
The triple lock needs scrapped, and state pensions need to be means tested, I know too many pensioners living in million pound houses living the sort of life today's working class will never live to see because of the state boomers left the country in.
Funny how electricity has been harnessed from the skies above for hundreds of years for absolutely nothing yet we keep getting charged more and more for it? Prison planet!
Same old story, what they give in one hand, they take away in another (and they always take more than they give it seems)
The price of UK natural gas has been lower than pre-eastern Europe war prices for all of 2023, I realise there is an element of future pricing in the industry but that must have corrected itself 3 to 6 months ago. How on earth are energy prices still so high?
Thank you 🙏🏻  Raising the VAT threshold to allow small businesses to grow would help. Thank you for clarifying these points.
Glad your here Martin to explain things in a simple way.
When it all boils down hunt at his best in  bullshittery.  In fact we're worse off Typical tories robbing Peter to pay Paul.  With the poorest taking the hit the hardest .
Thank you. And the Fiscal drag joke made me laugh far too loudly. 😂
As always it's all smoke and mirrors...I wonder if there is an election coming up soon?
Mr doom . 😂
shift the tax burden from workers to wealth its that simple-thats why these Spivs are in Politics theyre not Public Servants their servants to the Central Banks and Big Business who call the shots not these puppets
Once again we are being ripped off by this corrupt government all they want to do is run this country into the ground when they lose the next election you won’t see half of them again sunak will piss of back to India with a few million in the bank Hut will probably be living in another country with his millions and we Jo public will be in shit street with the bloody Labour Party trying to run the country god help us 😡 vote reform
They’re approaching an election year so the promises and the never never box will be brought out. If by a miracle they get back in then they will break the promises and rob your grandchildren’s future like normal. If Labour gets in as seem likely, the grandchildren should just give up all hope.
On housing benefit... the benefit slobs were becoming homeless because they couldn't out bid workers to rent places so now they are giving them more money, without building any new houses won't that just make workers homeless instead?
I've just noticed there's a line across the bell icon so I clicked to remove it and a message came up saying 'My request was an invalid argument'.....I'm not arguing I just want to receive all notifications 😂
So helpful thank you. Came straight to you for the “straight to the point” summary.
Reduce national insurance. Is that not the source of funds for the NHS 'Defund the NHS?'   Oh Dear. Private enterprise will have to step in and take over.
What we can take from the statement is the Tories want one last stab at the low income and disabled people before they pack their bags.
The government giveth - the government taketh away. Can’t think it will generate any support at the election!
I wonder if the handouts for the illegal immigrants has been cut ? Knowing our government probably not ..
This a great deal for everyone ! Said the Tories ! Because we need to make the people forget the promises we broke and the mess we have made. Let's hope there is a snap election and we can get rid of this corrupt set of rogues.
Thank you as always Martin
No change re lousy interitance tax
Another great insightful update on what the Autumn Statement 2023
I have a small nurses pension, i pay tax on it and get a lower state pension  go figure
Scummy Government - Shame on them for shafting the people who got them there. I have never voted, and I never will And Yes, I work and pay Tax, which I want to go for the old and sick, not porn videos or iPad bills accrued by politicians
Nice one Martin. Thanks for your clarity and help. 👏👏
Hope the minimum wage isn't going to be £11.44 a 'year',  as Martin said lol.
State pension up by £900 per year but because the threshold for paying income tax was frozen, this means the £900 will be liable to tax so £900 actually is only worth approximately £700
What would the U.K. do without Martin Lewis and James O’Brien?
Landlords are rejoicing.
when you felt safe with your balls hanging out and not being suspicious of anyone walking the streets
Real shame about LISA. It stops me from putting my money into it for fear of getting trapped because I don't know where my career will take me and the difference in house prices between London and elsewhere is a decider in that gulf. What if I meet someone else before starting a family and I am trapped into paying that 6% penalty? Awful.
What's the best isa right now? Thanks.
I LOVE WHAT YOU DO MARTIN, THANK YOU.
Its all by design to crash the the system to bring in cbdc , wef agenda
We might as well spit into the wind.
What an Establishment Stooge Look 's Like 😷
Whichever way you look at it, the poor have been squeezed and the rich still laughing.  These guys are traitors and should be dealt accordingly.
Minimum wage is still far too low...
So landlords will charge more?
Holy sh**, I didn't know about that lifetime ISA penalty. I don't even have one but I feel sorry for anyone that does. That's absolutely outrageous
Never listened to any politician. Or weather men. They have almost no effect on life. You go to work, they pay you whatever? and you survive. End of story.
You have got converted to government money money money how’s making it   U
Feel like hourly rate in inflation terms since the introduction of minimum wage should be  mininum £13 and if we were not tight situation more realistic 14.50 as minimum wage. Im sure that back to work plan was something they did in the 80s ? Especially work placement bit.
Hay i am a full time paid carer for one brother and unpaid for another and also get income support how does the new budget affect these
I wonder how many more budgets it will be before those on minimum wage become higher rate taxpayers.
It’s all in the frigger
RACHEL REEVES FOR PM
He’s in the government pocket
F all. Same old story
Very useful and informative video Martin, thank you very much indeed for distilling down what is probably  quite a tedious subject. What I would like to add out if I may is the blatant  injustice of the present economic landscape which is keeping so many people poor and it can only best be described as robbing Peter to pay Paul or , robbing the taxpayer to pay/ support the corporate world, we saw it back in 2008-12 with the banks, we saw it during covid with the pharmaceutical companies filling their boots and of recent it has been the energy companies siphoning funds from the government ie the tax payer to the extent that I believe the government may even have had need to borrow money to foot the bill. Well it all sounds great when the government is paying but in reality what is taking place is future debt for the taxpayer that is funding energy companies . I realise this is a touchy subject given the level of corruption and greed involved but somebody has to grasp the nettle. Add to that the price rises in energy due to war and it all starts to get distinctly unpalatable and that is putting it mildly. Secondly there is an energy time bomb going off in this country , I work in the solar industry at times so probably have clearer insight than most . It is true to say war has pushed prices higher, underinvestment too, decarbonising has exacerbated the problem along with electric cars as they will begin to increase demand on the grid  but also corruption . At the moment energy companies are having it all their own way even to the tune of banking free solar from the investments of others whilst not passing on that benefit to the consumer. Funnily enough it is the perfect project Martin for you and your beautiful good lady wife Laura of the gadget show to be involved in, it goes as follows . Open up the market for deployment of small scale solar  generation on a massive scale on private land , I'm not talking spoiling the green fields of uk but people with room for 4-40 kw systems in their back garden / field , but here's the good bit, for Laura and her team , develop an  app so that the electricity can be sold directly on to the grid at retail prices ( grid can take a commission much like the stock exchange would) not the paltry amount being decided by utility companies . This would kill 2 birds with one stone, it would drive investment and jobs in electricity production which we badly need but possibly drive down prices too if the market functioned properly as the consumer always look for the best deal. I know what you're all thinking , why aren't I chancellor , because I'm persona non grata that's why, everyone wants to kill me because I've lifted the lid on the gravy train, or suggested that HSBC with 17 billion pounds half yearly profits might remind themselves that they once said (ie banks in  general and the chancellor George Osbourne ) 'We are all in it together!' so where's the money now, and don't be giving it to the government who cant be trusted (See entire covid scandal, Boris etc) , give it directly to nurses and general public. I rest my case that Good must triumph over evil, that justice must prevail over iniquity . I AM THE KING., the KING of economics. Ps one other thing that would elevate living standards in this country and that is the removal of the social construct known as the class system as it legitimises paying 'working class people ' minimum wage.  I am middle class which actually makes me quite posh , but I don't like to see unnecessary inequality and injustice, I love to see fairness and happy faces and the working classes are mostly due a fairer slice of the wealth production in this country.
Thank you for a great summary. I need to look at the fractional shares / ISA thing in more detail! The energy cap was interesting, but in fairness to British Gas, they emailed me, told me it was changing and prices are going UP! So at least they were honest. Now I have to play the price fixing game again. I think the government needs to understand that people want to live their lives and enjoy them. Most working people don't want or even have time to look at whether they need to fix energy bills or move money depending on the latest government whim. This country is a very depressing place right now.
What about the 5/6 levels of tax on energy ? the most hidden of the stealth taxes on the consumer.  Tax is taken on all the employees and the profits on ;- Mining / extracting the energy, the trading of the commodity, the wholesalers of the commodity, the distributers of the commodity and the agencies like u switch,  and the supply to user companies, this is a disgrace and is costing our nation its economy. a globalist plan if ever there was one..
Thanks Martin, why is that no matter how it's dressed up you are always worse off?
Lots coming in April,  must be May election then...
Why does he have Tesla coil?
It means nowt for everyone except the rich!
I've already had an email from my energy supplier to tell me they're charging me more from January - worst time of the year for an increase, imo.
Question.  Not done the maths.  With the increase in state pension of 8.5% and the freeze on tax allowance, does that mean that pensions will be push into now having to pay tax?
What it means to us Martin, is that he has even less of a clue than even I thought he had, and it was a very low bar.  Keep in mind that this was approved by the muppet that thought "eat out to help out" was a good idea.
Very helpful thanks Martin 🙏
Thanking you as always for helping everyone, sterling work.
It means that i have to stop taking my medication
Pretty obvious , you have a pay rise , your employer raises their prices , causing inflation 😮
UC & PIP has gone up 6.7% but without the government COL handout you maybe £5 a week worse off!
Can you explain why the inflation rate for pensions is 8%, but for benefits is 6%?
N.I. cut by 2p. wow. can afford an extra pint now, well once every month anyway lol
They knew inflation was coming during covid which was when Rishi locked in the tax brackets.
If you’ve already paid in enough contributions for your full state pension you don’t need to make voluntary contributions (VC’s) to fill the gaps, it’s just a waste of your money. I contacted the HMRC over gaps in mine and was told you don’t need to make VC’s because you already have enough working years and contributions already. SO DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY?
The pensions plan is a complete mess. People do not know what annual charges are applied, so choosing a 'pot for life' could be choosing the most expensive plan. Crazy!
min wage will be the biggest. the gov. don't pay it. it is the employer, which hits small businesses, so expect people to start losing their jobs
No surprise that someone with a multi-million pound property empire would be pleased with LHA increasing. A wolf in sheep's clothing.
No incentive to work these days.  My sister lived on benefits all her life and is waiting a knee op, no dependents, gas, electricity, food, rent, free prescriptions … all  paid by the state and has just been given a free brand new car with heated massage chair …. insurance, service, tax, repairs and mot all paid for, no adaptations needed as she doesn’t even walk with a limp.  In the meantime here’s me slogging my guts out at work and she’s better off!
The 6th of January is the first day of Tax Month 10 or Tax Week 40.
An incompetent effort, as expected from Hunt. He was a disaster for the NHS, now he's a disaster for the economy. Huge missed opportunity. What's the point of raising pensions and minimum wage while freezing personal allowances,  push people above the tax threshold? give with one hand, claw it back with the other. You don't "reward hard work" by dumping on the sick and disabled. Plus nothing on the Inheritance tax scam.
Shame they didn't raise the tax thresholds. This is by far the biggest tax going forward. Everything else is petty
Cheers Martin .
I’m in the 40% tax bracket. The drop in NI is pretty much nothing. They need to up the tax bands. They haven’t changed for years and more and more people are getting into the bracket with pay rises which in turn is a pay drop.
Too little, too late though Martin. Desperate attemp by the Tories to save their skin.
@3:25  Um, minimum wage to be £11.44 a YEAR!  Whoopsy! lol
The poor get poorer and the rich get richer like it’s always been.
Housebound disabled long term sick told to work from home or loose benefits
They still wont win next years election...heyd have to double the increases and reduce taxes by far more....theyll be wiped out...
Jeremy said wants to reward hard work, so gives a 2% reduction in NI.  Then increases benefits by 6.7%. What a mug I've been, working hard the last 40 years with another 10 to go!!
In 2023 we need a YouTube channel to tell us the truth about what we have been told
The Tories clutching at election straws!
Smoke and mirrors its con party.
Rather watch you than those bloated toads in parliament.
I really wish everyone in the UK could stop smoking. Government would lose all the revenue from Tobacco Tax and lose their scapegoat to blame for everything. Downside, everyone's income tax will rise by minimum 15%.
The Friendly Fabian xx.
their giving the OAP a rise, great, down side, now paying tax on state pension, what they give with one hand they take away with the other, it may sound a lot £221 pounds a week, but our council tax has gone up, thankfully we own our home, but that took 25 years of working seven days a week, all hours 24/7 and raise a family, our gas and electric has gone up, the raise has been wiped out, OMG, as for free prescriptions nhs, not true, we are now having to pay for some items, i.e. needles and test strips for diabetes, drops for eyes, creams for my skin conditions and having to pay all dental and glasses charges; nothing is free anymore, my mother in law aged 88 years has to pay for some items; l can see shortly we will be like the USA having to buy a health plan and pay HMG at the same time for cover.
It’s ok to cut ni how about raising personal allowance they want us to save for our pensions so anyone with a private pension say 500 a month and getting full state pension they are going to lose out as they will have to pay tax so what’s the point of saving for the future.
I wish you would disappear! >>>>>>unsubscribe!
They put NI up not that long ago it's clearly being done to try and gets votes I won't be voting conservative they messed up the whole country
Great name....... One of the funniest comedy duos ever.😅😅😅😅
What about carers ?  Nothing as usual .....
Hi Martin, fractional shares were already allowed in an ISA, as an FYI
I only get the lower pension rate. I also have a small works pension which is taxed as that takes the total over the basic tax allowance. And that allowance hasn't been increased. This means that 20% of the state pension increase is now clawed back in tax. So I only get 80% of the 8.5% rise = 6.8%.
Savings from the cheap labour they brought in
Of these figures, how much is going to disappear in tax? The Tories always giveth with one hand and taketh the same amount with the other.  And the next budget after the next election will strip every bribe. Sorry if I am deeply cynical after 13 years of endless cuts.
“Slightly dodgy economic times”??? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Thanks for this Martin. I couldn't stomach watching PMQs, those politicians faces make me so annoyed.
Very helpful thank you.
£11.44 increase a year. I think Martin means an hour.
And the fuel is going up so basically we get nothing
Nothing on inheritance Tax. So you Taxed on income, Taxed when you spend it, taxed if your able to save a bit (yes ok isa isn’t but limited) that they all suggest to do for a rainy day. Your pensions are taxed. And they can’t work out how nobody but the rich who get round all this Tax doesn’t have money to live on or spend in the economy. It’s wouldn’t be half as bad if they didn’t waste so much of this government income on schemes that magically belong to friends and family. The system needs a complete rewrite and the private boys and girls club running the country and I say that loosely is finally gone. A cashless society is next so they can keep track of every transaction. A government, parties that have got used to no accountability is being shown it’s not working and hasn’t been for a good while.
Can I just put a comment here thanking Martin’s hardworking team in the background for their great work? 👍 👋
Martin, will low paid self employed still be able to pay the reduced class 2 voluntary contributions in order to get a state pension qualifying year? If not, they will jump from paying @ £170 a year to class 3 £830 a year…
tax cuts for everyone yayy!!!  then gets voted back into office, the flowing year tax rise again back to what it was before, then a year after tax rising !!!!!
They keep saying about taxes but where does it say you have to pay it in law I rang the tax office and asked them she couldn't find it was on the phone around half HR
An  8%  pension rise just widens the gap between pre and post 2016 pensioners to about £60 a week whoever dreamt that system up should be sectioned.we all paid our dues during our working  lives so how is there such a disparity
They don't buy my vote after the drubbing that they have given this country and it's citizens..............
THE SIMPLE FACT IS WAGES HAVE NOT BEEN KEEPING UP WITH THE RISING COST OF LIVING FOR THE LAST 30 YEARS. AVERAGE WAGES ARE WELL BELOW THAT OF FRANCE AND GERMANY. NO AMOUNT OF BUDGETING IS GOING TO BRIDGE THAT GAP. WE NEED AN ACTUAL LIVING WAGE WHICH REFLECTS THE COST OF LIVING. MORTGAGE/RENT/FOOD/ENERGY/COUNCIL TAX/CHILDCARE/FUEL/CLOTHING ETC. GOD FORBID YOU ACTUALLY WANT TO TREAT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILY.  HOW THE FU*K ARE PEOPLE SUPPOSED TO DO THAT ON £12 AN HOUR!!!!!
So they want more inflation…. I guess they need to destroy the value of the currency. In order to evaporate the huge debt they created in order to pay   for the lockdowns and the collapsing of the economy and the drug they called a ‘vaccine’ that neither prevents you catching a disease or prevents you from spreading it.  ..erm…???   but hey. There’s still a needle involved so it must be worth taking/… or not?
Oh dear your commentary was going so well until your your leftie comments started.
The LISA cap is a joke.  My partner and I are trying to buy a flat in London and this arbitrary cap is making it so much more difficult.
They honestly think this is a vote grab 🗳 🤦🏻‍♂️  Thank you, Martin. 🙏
They absolutely hammered the smokers
If they cutting NI contributions does that mean they're making further cuts to the NHS etc?
cool, just in time for the energy price rise lol
let's be honest ... the Tories are no longer a Party we care about They are a joke in the UK and Continental Europe ... a joke we all want to forget about!!! GENERAL ELECTION  ... NOW. AND LET THEM ALL TAKE THE SPOILS ... JUST GOOD RIDDANCE.
Criminal fraudsters
🙄😖🙁👎 Min wage is a gift to illegal immigrants.
Britain .. A country where you have to work hard all your life to keep yourself in poverty
Great stuff from you and  from your team, and thank you. But doesn't all this seem like a pre election bribe to help people forget the past 2 decades. We shouldn't celebrate just yet.   Dolly Partons ' Liar Liar' was playing in the background here.!
Another year of tax rises to employees. Brilliant.
450,000 is crazy money for first property anyway
All the sick, lame and lazy getting a rise in benefits.  The idle milking the worker.
Question, what about the thresholds for NI, have they gone up or are they frozen like the tax allowances?
It means the rich will still be getting richer, simple.
Didn’t say anything about immigration and people not wanted in uk
Its crazy that pensioners get that much of a riser. They are the richest section of society.
I'm retired, so will get the pension increase but not the NI changes (don't pay NI) - I'm OK with this. I've paid off my mortgage,  but I still remember how I had to budget when I was working - so a little extra help for people in work is welcome 😁. Guess there's an election next year folks 😂. Yes, it's tinkering, but I do understand the government does need to at least try to balance the books - interest payments are a killer.
Has he told us to turn our heating down by 1 degree this year again for about the 7th year in a run 🙄
Any person paying tax, is getting screwed, at every income level. And whatever money you have left over, the government is inflating away with mismanagement.
Why do you have what looks like a Van de Graff generator on your windowsill?
The Chancellor is actually a Landlord (he owns many sea-side properties), I believe he recently put his rents up by 8.5% ¬_¬
The small print is not for the small people “ It takes someone like Martin to make sense of this Crap’  Inheritance Tax on all Royals over 1 year old’ and all to be back dated until the 1700 s  Hands up please people. 👍👋
Sweet F A
It means as long as the government stay rich and the rest of the people struggle
why do people put up with this borderline slavery
Will pensioners have to pay tax that's what they didnt say
A good start as he said.
9.8% but nhs nurses and others keeping hospitals afloat get 5%. I've really had enough if this country.
All paid for by cuts to public services.
It is nice to see that you can have more than one Isa's.
Yes spread the word a million  pensioners  should have credit  but not receiving,,,
Why is no one talking about the pension age people who deferred their pension and still working , the cut in NI isn’t helping them.  I’d be better off getting my full state pension and credit  This can be the only reason he’s done NI not tax. Shifty
Thanks for your work, it's invaluable.
Why do you have a Van de Graaff generator in your office?
So, that pension increase is going to be completely wiped out in January now ofgem have approved the price capping on domestic fuel bills.
I would like to see the personal allowance increased before 2028. I pay more and more tax because of my works pension. 😡
As well as fiscal drag on tax levels it's always worth mentioning those falling into the "High Income Child Benefit Charge" because of inflation (50K+),  a crazy unfair charge IMO.
Carers still ignored by the government.
Typical give in one hand and take from the other same crap different format
The government,we will increase the energy price cap 5%,when will we do it? During winter January 2024,when the people need their heating on of course 😡
So if you get the full new state pension your annual income goes up by just over £900 pa. Less the cost of living payment of £900 pa. ?
Do you think we should be cutting the national insurance they don’t invest enough now for NHS we aways paid our national insurance
Imagin what we could of done with the billions wasted on convid
Election btibary.
We have a tiny withering, isolated economy with a lot of little people hopelessly propping it up. I can't think this can ever get better without attracting more investment but why would anyone invest here when they can get better deals with bigger economies like the US or the EU? Poor UK!
good ole triple lock for the boomers. gotta keep giving them everything while we get nothing
Many thanks Martin for your information to help people.
Tories are only doing this now for the election. Come next year if they win, they will double the prices of everything for another 4 years
I've never known anybody who would have spent the time to add subtitles to their videos. Thank you
sounds like your mike isnt on or working- it sounds terrible
No rise in savings allowances for the disabled and long-term sick before losing benefits so, due to severe inflation, the ability to purchase essential expensive equipment, and the like, is being rapidly diminished.
Energy should be going down not up. 😢
TAX CUTS FOR THE ELECTION!!! TAX RISES AFTER THE ELECTION!!!!! VOTE TORY TO CONTINUE THE HIGHEST TAXES IN DECADES!!!! BUT NOT FOR FAT CAT TAX DODGING TORIES!!!!! JUST MORE TORY  LIES AND DECEPTION!!!!!
the national minimum wage is a lie, I’m a care worker and when I do a sleepover at work I only get £45 before deductions for that 8 hour shift. I use to get the minimum wage but this government changed the rules several years ago, my take home pay a month is £200 less than it was 5 years ago. True story go google it. No such thing as the national minimum wage in reality
20% income tax at basic rate and 10% NI means only 30% of your earnings (under £50k) go to the government. What a bargain for out of control illegal immigration, no dentists or GP appointments unless you wait a year, operations take 4 years plus, shopping/fuel/insurance/rents out of control. Great job Mr Sunak.
So much for the ISAs going from 20k to 25k a year!
Thanks Martin and team, as ever.
That means for some 25+ UC will go up from £368.74 to approximately £393.44, not too bad. So no cost of living help after March 2024 but the Household Support Fund is coming back, small mercies for some but the majority of people will need more.
Thanks Martin 👍🏻
As ever many thanks, what would we do without you !
Thank you.
Thank you
Is it true energy cap will go up 5% but then come down 8% later next year?
Wages 11.44 a year😭
Around 3.30 in, did yo mean an hour and not a year? Just in case it needs editing but I may have caught it wrong.
Zero good news for home owners and potential buyers. We needed:  - an extension in the interest free period for those that took out a H2B equity loan.  - stamp duty tax freeze.  - More home buying initiatives to get people on the property ladder and out of renting.  - efficiency rebates. If your home had an EPC of a C and you do work to get it to an A, you get reimbursed a portion of the spend.  - no push for solar panels / solar tiling to save costs on energy.  - no push/introduction to a lifetime fixed rate on mortgages.   Anything else? ..  EDIT:  - a freeze on council tax increases - a reduction on the interest rate for ridiculous student loans.
I've had fractional shares in an ISA with Trading212 for years... Will have to check the news but its probably that this will be allowed to continue, because there was talk of it being stopped.
Great work.  🙂
Minimum wage is now £11.44 a year?! Times are tough.
This broken country spends too much on social security and more people need to work instead of making up excuses.
Long story short, poor get poorer because of the central bank Ponzi scheme, government inflating their debt away and the expense of the non asset holders. This is what Martin won’t tell you
Millenials/Zoomers won't recieve a state pension when they're older
This Statement was more or less Kwartengs foreyear nearly. So what happened to Truss was an palace Overthrowing by WEF/Common Purpose Bunch!
Im second 😂
First one here woo
