Let Audible help you discover new ways to laugh, be inspired, or be entertained. New members can try it free for 30 days. Visit https://Audible.com/wendigoon or text wendigoon to 500-500.
I'm patiently waiting for the next missing 411 🩵💜
Poor boy … even after all these years, I wanna cry.  Is it possible, one or more of the Boy Scouts were involved ?
This got 2.9 mill views??
I feel like he drowned in the river, maybe took a shoe off to feel the water or something, dad might have said shoes were too big out of not being able to accept that his son ran off and drowned
My thought is that the kid hid. I was part of a search and the child we were looking for was 15 feet from where we went missing and he was hiding
It’s safe to say that Dennis was really good at scaring his parents.
Dude I’ve gotten lost in a park that’s surrounded by city. It would be so easy for me to get lost in the middle of nowhere
Everybody gangster til Mr wendigoon himself becomes a missing 411 case
Iirc, there was a serial killer wandering the Appalachians in the 70s. Maybe Dennis was too early for it, but could he have been a victim, and it was so gruesome they didn't share it with the public?
My theory is the boy sees something scares him off, he starts running away frantically, loses a shoe, runs across a creek and a lion maybe bear gets him ,the green barres find him like horribly attaked by some animal, dont have the heart to tell the family so they just say they found nothing
8 foot hairy man ?? In all seriousness ,no one can possibly believe such utter nonsense.
When we gonna be able to get more vids like this
Not sure if you cover canadian disappearances but one that hasn't ever been solved is the disappearance of Michael Dunahee
Wow are you still friends with that jerk . That’s a shame . What an angry little piece of trash that guy turned out to be
Why didn't you go across the creek and check for bigfoot/wildmen, that's like the easiest thing to disprove
When does the interesting part of the video start?
its always freaky being a person who lives near the places where unexplainable things like this happen. its about a 3 hour drive from my place to Gatlinburg so this really freaked me out
I’ve heard a lot of cases and this one doesn’t seem that mysterious. Kinda just screams big cat to me…
Defo sounded like you were describing a wendigo ironically enough
when they have a bunch of pre-teens searching for evidence of a missing minor and it may be that there is a 'predator' loose in the park. "yeah, boys, don't think he's over here, why don't you go search that way!" *rushes to his radio to get someone the F over there*  no one wants children to see a child's dead molested body -_-
JFC GET TO THE FUCKING POINT...6 min in still goofin...and 4.4 mil subs how typical of average people watching shit.
Ha ha! Not so menacing now Dennis, are you?
12:46  subbed. 💯
The reason that they're safe is because the cannibals, wild men, and cryptids in Appalachia can actually sense that Isiah is from the area and so won't attack him. Never stray too far from the Appalachian.
I'm telling you guys from experience. Tennessee mountain clay can be as slick as ice. If he stepped on that red mountain clay, he could have slid down the mountain. There have been several car wrecks on those twisty mountain roads, and those people have gone missing for years. Your vehicle can run off the side of the road, and your vehicle will be completely covered by foliage. Winter time roads are super dangerous. Over the past 30 years, there have been several guard rails placed along the roads to try and prevent vehicles from going down the side of the mountain. Living in NC and traveling to TN to visit family when I was growing up, I have been over the appalachian mountains a whole lot.
I paused at 32:52, and it reminds me of that famous Bigfoot photo.
I probably picked a spooky time to watch this I just got done with some night fishing I pulled off on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere where in Alaska. Was too tired to finish my 4 hour long drive. It’s pouring rain and dark as hell lol
Berg-Boy as a special guest is awesome!! His giggle/laugh always cracks me up😂 I’m binging your older vids.
yeah i've met Tennessee wild men, though in my community  we just call them "bears"
42:57 -  Andre the giant 💀 Aiden! For shaaaame. 🤭
Did anyone ask the brother that was hiding with him?
One day we’ll watch a YouTube video about this dude going missing looking for missing people
Girl your poor camera in your house
Why is this video giving Blair witch vibes
i can't believe tony stark ceo of stark industries supplied helicopters for the search
No way YouTube recommends this to me on Father’s Day 🙄
Only thing i could think of, is that after the creek, or wherever, he unfortunately fell into a cave system, i dont know how many caves are in the area, but i do know even the tiniest holes can lead to cave systems with drops and gaps you wont ever escape from
How come the family went so far into the woods?  Maybe it wasn't really that far bit listening to them say a mile and a half and looking at the map it seems like they were pretty far into the forest.  Just seems very odd unless it was different back then.
31:23 this is most likely the case. The family was probably informed of his condition but it was kept secret because it would cause widespread panic or some sort of negative change. If it got out a cougar mauled a kid where people camp, people would panic. Its shitty and pretty selfish imo to keep quiet
One of the strangest parts to this story is when the green berets were called in after the boy went missing. This is highly irregular, as green berets are usually not called in for missing persons cases, unless there was an issue of national security. It hints to something highly unusual occurring in the Dennis Martin case. As with a so many of these Missing 411 cases. They are truly baffling and insanely bizarre.   As I recall in the days after Dennis went missing a family in the park supposedly saw a young boy being carried on the shoulder of a hairy looking man or Sasquatch type being.   Dave Paulides interviewed the FBI agent assigned to this case multiple times, who later committed suicide unfortunately. And Dennis Martins father was just not the same man after his child disappeared in eye view of him playing hide and seek and hiding behind a shrub. It’s truly a heartbreaking and tragic story.
If that footprint was in mud I would suggest that maybe it got stretched out if it was forcefully put into the mud. That's why it might look like a bigger foot then who's it was
4:48 ad end
i clicked on this because it looks earily similar to some coma-dream i had when i was 6 (and also comatose) where some kid or kids where on milk cartons. wierd asf and so visceral i remember it 15 years later
You would be surprised have easy it is for kids to wander off 😂 have you ever been to a grocery store/mall with a kid?
I like this video
love the collab. two of my favorite channels, along with Mr. Ballen, Vuldar and Top5s
35:49 sounds like the matigwa monkey wolves, they escaped a circus train after it crashed in the forest. It’s a scout camp and we use the buddy rule so if a scout is on the bridge alone they will eat them, I have watched one with my own eyes
Weird seeing YouTubers drinking Dr Enuf. I live in East Tennessee and I grew up drinking it.
13:05  The CC is great... So apparently there was 72-74 greenberries .... That makes the SF seem a lot less threatening... I am so calling them the greenberries from now on. As a veteran, i can probably get away with it, i dont suggest a civilian do that.
Wow... According to CC i am amazed that Aiden Thornberry was an integral part of what you do at the floor launch... Good on you guys at the floor launch channel on YouTube.
Most missing kid coverups by govt are usually like Epstein/finders/larry king jr sorta thing
27:15 Also, even ignoring Dennis, who tf sees the footprints of a small child missing a shoe deep in the woods and says, "Well, it's not the missing child that we're looking for, no need to investigate further"
22:00 What's the name of this background music? It's mysterious.
If anyone is interested in a full breakdown of this case, please go watch The Missing Enigma. He has full bteakdowns of the case and interviews with one of the leading detectives on the case. Attributing the disappearance and almost certain death of a child to Bigfoot and other "mysterious entities" is the reason I stopped watching this channel. I'm seriously disappointed in Wendigoon for covering this case, and in delving into the Missing 411 genre, which mostly attributes the tragedies that happen to real life people, in this completely insensitive way.
Watching this while walking around a Tennessee park alone at night to really catch the vibe
The application mountains are older than life on earth. Fissure caves, potholes, and shafts that have openings no wider than a shoe box but stretch down to nowhere. They look inviting. When I was a kid me and my sister had our own caves we played in pretending they were houses. I see theories have speculated about this but no one seems to have taken it seriously
Someone should do a study as to why all these cryptids seem to date their origin story to the 70s or 80s. Smthing abouth those two decades had people actin crazy.
The carnival origin story makes no sense, why would a tall hairy man be held captive in a carnival. Thats straight up kidnapping, whether he was weirdly hairy or not
As someone living in Bristol TN/VA, I can confidently say that DR. ENUF IS THE BEST DRINK EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fun fact!  When Dr. Enuf first hit the market, it was 20¢ MORE than the average soda, like Coke. But they STILL had a hard time keeping it on the shelves!!!! Any Dr. Enuf vending machine is still only 1$!! The herbal/cherry flavor is delicious, too!!  Y'all should DEFINITELY try Pal's in the Tri-Cities (Tennessee) at some point!! Only place you'll find Dr. Enuf on tap!
It's insane getting really into wendigoon just recently and then going back to see all this content he's made about and at places that were staples in my childhood. Being from western north carolina, going to gatlinburg and driving through cades cove with our grandparents were things we did multiple times a year when we had free time. I love seeing the real small town appalachian culture in media, cause it's really rare to find that.
Randy sparks sounds like a pron name
Wendigoon goons to the Wendigo
There many unanswered questions surrounding what actually happened to Dennis Martin, it's likely he either was a bear or he slipped and fell into the water and got washed down the river. Ask stated in one of your more recent videos, I've been to the exact locations where this all happened, there were many things that just don't add up , starting with the father, the Green Berets involvement is very puzzling after they are an unconventional warfare unit and their being brought to search for a little lost boy, law enforcement is another puzzle, Mr. Keys statement also seem off, then there is the tracks then seem like they go nowhere, what about Doug the older brother and their was another Martin family there at the time this all happened, the call for help and screaming and the list go on, as I say many unanswered questions, along with things nobody wants to talk about with this case, like maybe a cult, after all it was 1969 weird things were happening everywhere. At the end it's been 56 years, you would think someone would have come forward by now who might know what happened to Dennis Martin, most if not are likely dead by now.
10:46 eerie how the rain seems to pick up right when he gets to the bit where Dennis is first found to be missing
I love how wendigoon’ll is so focused on the trail
“Do I have a weapon.”
If you guys haven’t watched lovely, dark, and deep I 100% recommend it those whole situation reminds me of the movie
The way this is filmed feels like found footage and I love it
The only thing that popped out in my mind was The Predator. It sounds like a project for Dutch and  Dillion.
This is not Missing 411. David Paulides is the "owner/narrator" of Missing 411, if Im not mistaken. It's like plagiarism.
Cades cove is known for black bears...also creeper out to know I've camped solo about 3 miles from this spot on the other side of bote mountian
Unfortunate lorelodge cameo rip
Well I'll be damned, someone named Tony Stark really did provide helicopters for the search
His lewis and clark joke has me rolling 😭
40:26 hate to break it to you but i think that farmer just got away with killing his family
from elizabethton, thats just Big Dan not the tennesse wild man, he makes killer BBQ
At 44:20, I was expecting his grandpa to talk about the tree people in Vietnam
If i see a trail with kids shoe size no matter if is too big or not im going to follow that, theres just no way you can ditch it out as another kid and if it IS another kid then you need to find that kid too. Is a kid, not an adult! No matter the age an alone kid should be your priority to follow!
The worst thing people can do is underestimate how far and how strong kids are. While they don’t have a ton of flat out strength, they’re also not as heavy as an adult so they don’t need as much flat out strength to climb up things, also they don’t have the thinking of “I can’t climb this thing” they’ll just go do it more often than not. And kids just keep going and don’t stop.  Edit: also to add kids also can fit into the tiniest nooks and crannies that an adult would look at and think no one could fit
5 or so grown Men go up a Mountain to talk about a missing Child  *And then make a YouTube video about it so they can get a sweet tax Writeoff on their vacation*   Definitely a Vibe and a half  Alotta cheap horror  Sadly I am far too Greatly scared because of My weirdly developed self deprecation  I’m not scared traditionally  I scare Myself in some weird paradoxical hypocrisy  Sad   Shoutout to those Green Berets for Freedoming the Man and operating just to find a lost child
If a mountain lion got him by the throat he can't scream
I’m curious, the brother and him were last seen together, where did the brother say he last saw him??
Very scary.  I cannot imagine what that little boy went through.  :(
Please do more of this oh my goodness it was so good!
I reckon one of your mountain lions probably got him. One suffocating bite on the throat and silently carried away.  Just an opinion from Australia.  Remember that the experts said that the dingo couldnt take the baby, well it did. Many years ago a nine year old was killed by a dingo right in front of his father on fraser island.
There is a devastating lack of Blair Witch Project jokes in this comment section 😞
Dennis Martin was taken by a feral man. The green berets weren't called in to search for Dennis, when the search was paused because of the bad weather, the green berets came in and found, and killed a number of the feral people. Park officials, the FBI and park rangers knew that there were feral people in the park, but kept it to themselves, cause obviously it would have an effect on the many people who come to the park. They knew exactly what happened to Dennis Martin. 😢🙏
Didnt the brother hide with him? What did the brother say happened?
The giants from native American folklore may have been descendants of Vikings who were tall. Legends say the natives killed them all though
I have a theory there is a surviving descendant of giant sloth. They are supposed to be extinct.
Cougar. There is a reason it's always the smallest child.
I have no experience in this area specifically but did spend alot of time in the woods as a kid and still do. Even now at 20 its super easy to get turned around and lose track of where you are if you're not careful. I think most likely something caught dennis' attention off in the distance while he was hiding and he wondered off to investigate. Then while he was lost he got grabbed by an animal of some kind (my personal vote is on a mountain lion) or even a person and was unfortunately never seen again.  I understand this isnt the most original theory exactly but given the circumstances it seems highly likely. And the other weird inconsistencies can be attributed to either mismanagement of the case or his parents being unreliable narrators.
44:50 Y'know, the Appalachian mountains are the exact same mountain range as what's in Scotland and Ireland, they're just so old that they existed before those land masses broke apart. A LOT of folk tales from the two regions are shockingly similar as well.
1:03 holy shit that’s my home town! It feels weird seeing my home town show up in a video by someone as large as Wendigoon himself
Did the other kids say anything??  Weren’t they in the same bush? Like what????
15:36 It would make sense for the boy scout to have taken off one of his shoes, probably to just goof around and maybe jump on rocks in the creek more easily, dip his toe in the water maybe, then put the one back on and continue looking
"Heavy rain storms and thundershowers moved in around dark and greatly hampered search activity. Precipitation was estimated to be 2.5 inches or more in the Spence Field Area. All streams were high and turbulent." Was said by the gov, which depending on when those tracks would have to be fresher. The rain would have washed others away from the most part.
Except creek would have mud, and tracks look bigger that way. I would hope they'd think about that. Just like when you look at snow tracks you account for snow melt.
I would rather think that the Special Forces wanted the glory of finding the kid rather than them wanting to hide some government secret. kind of like with the ATF and waco/ruby ridge.
Wendigoon mogs
I live close to cates cove, been there many times. Never heard of mountain lions being there but there are black bears, seen them many times. There are feral people living out here too but they don't normally bother you unless you are close to their camp or poaching their food sources. .
Rare sighting - wendigoon without a Hawaiian shirt on
Shout out Phoenixville my hometown! Def like the ADKs more but miss the food everyday 😢
I understand the joy in the location videos 8:30 BUT THE LEAVES Ooomggg I can’t hear anything
it's so interesting to have been born and raised in south-eastern TN, yet i haven't heard of most if not any of these stories/legends. then i realized that my family never told these stories because they aren't from TN, a majority of my family is from FL, it's really interesting.
To me, this sounds like a big cat kill.
The kid got lost and probably fell, losing a shoe. After that, he walked in the creek. Finally, he ended up in the river more than likely still in Fontana lake. That's the simplest answer.
How did he get so wet
6:13 Wendigoon asking the right questions
This is shot like a found footage film lol
The kid definitely got abducted, whoever it was mustve been watching them and as soon as he had a chance he struck and carried the kid off. Thats why no-one found anything at the park bc the killer and kid were already long gone by the time they closed off roads and started a massive search.  If he was in the park they would’ve found him eventually at some point after the massive search, you dont just vanish on your own like that. 5 minutes seems super brief but someone could definitely snag you up and get far enough away in that amount of time. Truly very sad, always keep an eye on your kids no matter how safe or close to you that they are  By the time the green berets showed up i guarantee the kidnapper and kid were already long gone. If he just wandered off they would’ve eventually found something. Also they say 5 minutes but most people are poor judges of time, could’ve easily been 7 minutes before they realize hes gone, another 3 minutes of yelling his name before actually looking on foot. Probably walking as well but the kidnapper would’ve been running and know where they needed to go. By the time youre frantically searching and call it in its easily been 15-20 minutes which is more than enough time for someone to be out of your range and escape with the kid. I agree the green berets not reporting is wierd but doesn’t really matter bc the kid was already gone. If he wasnt knapper it was definitely a cougar but the lack of him yelling makes me think its cuz someone grabbed him and covered his mouth. Ok the dogs aren’t always able to sniff people out, ive literally pet a drug dog at school with drugs in my pocket without them freaking out, sniffed my car one time and didnt pick up the weed &xans i had hidden in my vent. The shoe thing is irrelevant most likely bc it wasnt the kids size, maybe the killers but it could’ve literally been anybodys. I’ve never done something sick like this but from personal experience, you can get alot more than youd think done in 5-10 minutes. To counter wendigoons point about them finding him and only telling the family i guarantee they would at least say they found him even if its literally as short as “ we found the child, no further comment “
Wow, my dudes audio has had a serious glo up since this vid
It seems like they found the footprints, figured "we're going to find this kids half decomposed body lets not make a big scene" and had the most professional people there keep searching that area. Obviously doesn't explain how they still couldn't find his remains.
44:50 That sounds exactly like stories of demons
lorelodge look like the harry potter guy but a bit grown up
Growing up in Bristol VA/TN I'm so happy to see dr enuff being enjoyed buy wendigoon
I swear if Isaiah had some grey in his hair and beard he would look like my dad in this video
There are still unknown cave systems being discovered all over Appalachia. It’s not impossible for someone, especially a small child, to fall into a hidden vertical shaft of an uncharted cave.
I doubt Dennis just wondered off so far that all of those people and dogs couldn’t find him , if it was an animal I’m sure they’d of found a horrific scene so I’m thinking he was taken by a person .
2:48 massive?
If he was dragged away, it was almost certainly a cougar. A big cat can be almost silent and attacks by grabbing the neck, it could’ve grabbed him before he could scream and dragged him off. It’s unlikely in such a busy area, cougars and bears and basically all animals avoid humans and don’t normally hunt us. But this case is so unusual, an unusual thing must have happened. It’s also possible he wandered, maybe chasing an animal or saw something interesting who knows kids are distractible, and fell down something and died.
Alternative title: 2 autistic men stim in the woods while filming a video
This why I  glad I live in Ohio we just have a  frog that keeps to himself
Wendigoon: "Thanks for watching the ad!" Me who skipped it: 👁👄👁
7 minutes in and I know now what happened to the 411s. Just pure forest confusion.
To address the theory that the body was indeed found, and only the family was informed,  I have to think here, that it would be fairly difficult to keep this a secret this long.  There would have been the body prep for burial, the funeral service and more than likely, a grave marker.  Each step involving numerous people. My question is, how formidable was that creek in June of that year ????
33:40 “They’ll try to eat your dog” … ✨foreshadowing✨
The brother HAD to have seen something. Shady ass green berets.
Video starts at 4:43  Edit: they dont start actively talking about the case until around 7:33
These videos are great. but the first bit seems a bit... tonally inappropriate given the subject matter...
2:30 Dr Enuf is a hidden Tennessee treasure!
The campfire, the boys, the topic, gonna be a good workday
41:04 this is local to my town, the White Bluff Screamer it’s some crazy shit
I always found the theory of Green Berets going into to wipe out the feral people interesting. Highly improbable, but still interesting.
Off topic kinda but I very much enjoyed the style of this video. I like ‘em all but being in the spot where it happened felt more personal. Banger either way though
Damn ninjas
Your friend group seems amazing
Yeah. No. Lore lodge really blows. Unbearable channel.
"Who would wear loafers up here?" The camera man says, "ummm", and cuts down to his loafers. 😂😂
Yeaaaaa im watching the Blair With Project tonight
I love that they went all the way out into the mountains just to talk about the case in front of a bush instead of just next to the fire😂😂
kid got dragged by a mountain lion, neck bitten can't scream, then eaten whole boom case closed
you two are great on camera together. I love both of your channels, but together it was a lot of fun.
As a former six year old I have to add: A six year old has more than enough upper body strength to climb. I would go as far and say, a normal six year old is a better climber than any untrained adult. Also he is small enough to go through passages where adults can't. If I want to go through thick bushes, I make myself as small as possible.
14:14 - i am a boy scout and the buddy system is one of the most crucial things we teach. The woods can be a very dangerous place when you are not only 1. in an unfamiliar spot 2. in the dark and 3. with easily distracted kids. The buddy system is great because it always ensures that if something happens to someone there is someone to not only assist, but to also get help. 3 is the best number of people to have in a group because if someone gets hurt or something happens one person can stay to assist while the other seeks help.
Gatlinburg is just so beautiful, I used to do the hike up to Clingmans dome every year and just look at the amazing view. Some other nice places are mammoth cave, cloud land, and ruby falls.
RED DR. ENUFF IS THE SUPERIOR DR. ENUFF 🗣️🗣️
Im definitely going to get kicked out of east TN for saying this but dr enuf tastes like cold medicine
Wealthy individuals will pay a large price for the organs of others, to save themselves or a loved one.
I just hope that if they did find Dennis in some way, they at least informed his family so they had some sort of closure. The idea that they could've hidden the fact that they had found him from the family and just let them wonder is heartbreaking.
I cannot imagine a father taking two little boys, a 9 and a 6 year old, who was mentally challenged, on a hike along with the boy's grandfather in the Smokey's.     As a mother, and a grandmother, I do not understand that at all.      I live in West Virginia and understand how serious going into the woods can be...especially with children.    I forgot to add - I wonder if the father and grandfather were involved in Dennis'  disappearance.
it's weird that the first half of this video was about a real life tragedy, but then the second half was about spooky fairy tales.
So you guys went all that way yet didn’t go the extra literal mile to the place he went missing ????? WTF???
I grew up on the border of Redwood National Park. Different trees, so grain of salt, but my brother and I absolutely climbed straight up trees and walked over the top of thickets.  A dense bush is very traversable for someone who is 55 lbs. We reveled in being able to go places grown-ups couldn't.  Little kids also have very high proportional upper body strength. I'm not surprised people 3 to 4 times his size couldn't find where he ended up.
10:48. I think i know why dennis didnt come back. And it is so sad. He didnt want the game to end. The plan was to scare the parents and so, even though the parents said to come back, he disobeyed them. Perhaps knowing that they were going to come get him since he wouldn't come back, he decided to reposition himself farther into the brush so that he could sneak up on his parents when they came to his original hiding spot. And who knows what happened to him from there. Perhaps he even heard his dad run by calling his name, but he didnt reveal himself because he still wanted to scare him. Perhaps he even followed his dad but couldn't keep up and then got lost.
I grew up in Appalachia and recently moved to Iowa. I almost forgot about The Horrors.
"They'll try to eat your dog" has aged well lol
No not really. Sorry.
I didn't know Internet Dad's name was Isaiah, but I like it, it fits him, as Wendigoon does look like he could easily be a prophet. Like, if he one day starts a video with, "So, God spoke to me, and said...", I'd be like, that checks out, tell us what's up, my man.
Garcia John Wilson Edward Clark Matthew
You guys r my avengers
What if the National Parks are alien abduction zones?  They need to keep them free of the larger population,  so it's easier to target and abduct people off the face of the earth.
I'm in Michigan, and I can sympathize with you guys in Appalachia.   As with your reputation, we are also amused at how spooky and dangerous people from elsewhere seem to think Michigan is.   If everything I've read about Michigan was true, we would all each day: ▪️ be bitten by dog men every morning before breakfast ▪️ go to our jobs of being shot by militias ▪️commute home by crowd surfing the millions of sasquatch, inbred cannibals, and telepathy-using mimics ▪️ then spend the night with at least three sleep paralysis demons stacked atop us.
supposedly, Humans got rid of all the other homo-whatevers over time, but are we sure we did?
AT 5:33  THIS IS WERE THE SMALLISH CREEK DENNIS WAS SEEN EXPLANTATION IN THE STORY BELOW!!! For anyone who wants to know more about this a family was visiting a smallish river where Dennis went missing saw a large, tall man covered in fur carrying Dennis the family could tell because the thing the bigfoot was carrying were the same clothes Dennis was wearing when he went missing also the object on the things shoulder was screaming and moving erratically.
It’s so sad to think that his dad lived over 40 more years and never had any kind of closure. Losing a child is the worst thing a parent can ever go through. This would be unimaginably more painful.
I’m halfway through and I think the only possible explanation for the foot and shoe prints and then it cuts off thing is him being suffocated and buried under the creek. I doubt that’s true but it’s the only thing I could even imagine realistically happening.
i think wendi likes giants because he IS one. bro is massive
Let's make a video about people getting missing in the woods with no reasonable explanations why  Let's go to the woods and make this video   Enter a place that says do not enter
I hate to say it, but can we fully trust the accounts of the family? People have been known to "dispose of" developmentally impaired family members if they don't want to care for them anymore, especially children.
White kd goes mssing in a park: Get the National Gard, the Green Berets, helicopters, national news coverage, and a 200 person search team  Brown kid goes missing in Harlem:  (Not diminishing the tragedy of this case, it`s just tough to see the stark disparity so often.)
my two favorite youtubers in one place!
Ugh! I watch this still needing to walk the trash down the long driveway at 10:30 p.m. where 30 minutes away exists the legend of the big muddy monster. Stinks cream colored fur/hair... I don't feel safe with my machete on me. Thanks for the bedtime stories Goon!
It's hard to believe the amount of manpower that was searching but they still never found him.
Great vid, I'm glad you got to go explore the real location. It adds a lot to the ambiance.
When I was a child I jumped across a creek and went right into a beaver hole and if my arms were not out I would have just dissapeared into that hole and I don't think I would have been able to get out because it was pretty much just as big around as I was.
The Lore Lodge is so boring. He just makes me lose interest immediately and is exhausting to listen to. Wendigoon should’ve done this on his own smh
Is this the mass effect 2 space music?
“Missing 411 Pt 2: How to Become Missing 411”
It’s called drip 😂 he is dressed very nicely to be in the woods
I prefer the way David Paulides doesn’t make a mockery of the situation and shows the utmost respect to the individuals and their families. But content right!!?
Hold up! There is big bottles of Dr.Enuff???? I only knew of the small glass bottles. [I need a lifetime supply of cherry]
I think that it’s most likely he made his way across the river and was killed by a bear or mountain lion in a particularly gristly way. His body was found by the FBI/green berets and the family was told privately.
I have face blindness. I found both of your accounts this week and I thought you were one person. Looking back idk how I thought that until now usually it’s not that bad
I believe human trafficking. FBI finds kid in forest, takes him, sells him.
When humans are experiencing stress, like in this case, their sense of time feels distorted. Thats why we say things like, it was only a minute, when it was more like 5 or 10 minutes.
"aaa" "i'm at my limit"
Thats a good way to get rid of a kid and not be charged for it. Not saying this was this case. J S.
Too bad you didn’t go to the actual spot- that was a let down.
Being from tennessee and just a few miles from Cades cove. I got really excited that you were so close to home. I just started watching your videos last week and I've been on a binge since. Keep it up!
thefeds would keep it hidden if the pdo that did ti was connected to the gov
It weird there's no report of what his brother said happened. I think he might have hurt him by accident and maybe the dad hid the body to protect his son. Just a theory.
29:34 I actually think they did find the body. Either a crime happened, he got killed by a wild animal, or he fell into a hole in the creek. With the crime/wild animal option, they would have covered it up to prevent the Boy Scouts from being traumatized, and if he fell into a hole they wouldn’t leak public information because they would have left the body and didn’t want people dying to retrieve it. I think they did tell the family and called off the search.
I'm from Knoxville and this story has always fascinated me. My dad actually knew Dennis, and it's one of the only things he doesn't like to talk too much about. He's the kind of guy to tell you a long story about someone he knew in college followed by "he's dead now" almost casually, but something about the mystery is unsettling to him. Locally I always heard sugg that maybe he fell into a sinkhole obscured by brush or an undocumented cave given Tennessee has the most caves of any state
Lore lodge  For the people
Wendigoon shirt ranking: 1/10 second shirt 3/10 third shirt 5/10 I don’t know if I ever clarified but I rank in order shirts appear in the video.
Inbred cannibals is just a Lovecraft story. Actually it’s 2 Lovecraft stories. Dude had issues.
Seeing Knoxville and Gatlinburg in the introduction of this video made my skin crawl. I've lived around here all my life, but the only things I ever worried about were meth heads and drug traffickers, not the woods and mountains themselves. Or maybe I'm just inured to their danger from living here.  On an unrelated note, seeing Wendigoon in the campfire shots really drives home that he's Brandon Herrera's son lol
I can never finish this video. This lore lodge dude is so annoying
Mountain lions are much much scarier than anyone gives them credit for. They can kill silently, travel by the trees, or just stay up there and wait. The footprints, idk, Fae or something....lol.
wendigoon seems annoyed with lore lodge guy, as if he’s tired of his rants or something
What where the Green Berets fighting in the woods?
The other unrelated but interesting thing to happen between 1981 and 1989 was that the Reagan administration took the park rangers firearms away. Claiming that people being isolated for long periods of time with guns isn't a good idea. Despite the park rangers never having any issues before. They only carried their firearms for the unlikely event someone was attacked by wildlife.
I know the Tennessee Wild Man, his name is Jedidiah and he changes my oil
I could be stupid saying this but what if it was just very tragic and the family/park/who ever just want to keep it private or it’s a part in an ongoing investigation that needs to be kept from the public’s knowledge (like a person who is in the woods but they don’t want people to go looking for them)
Charles Smith using eagle eye could solve every missing 411 case
Its so sad that wendigoon and the lore lodge were found 24 miles away from their campsite and 2000 feet up
My theory is the wild man reports were taken serious and maybe that was because he got a women and then the theorie adds to the wild men “multiple” because now our beloved wild man is a wild dad and has wild babies
Who is the Greatful Dead fan? Obviously not an avid outdoorsman.
bro I live in Knoxville and I just spent years in the smokies. goated area
Side note. That guys name wasnt tony stark. In the report it says tony stark its probably just a call sign for chief of resources
I was just actually staying in a cabin near gattlingberg just a few days ago so this is pretty spooky
Apparently a super elite branch of the Army/JSOC called ISA(Intelligence Support Activity) AKA Task Force Orange or Army of Northern Virginia was involved in the search for Dennis Martin . Weird. Might support the feral people theory , wanting to wipe out people quietly away from Press , because they are a Kill Squad .
Just boys being boys
I can't help but think of the fae...
1:15 His beard looks like asmongolds hair upside down
The Tennessee Wild Man is just Zeke Yeager
the rain in that bush section was a paid actor
This is so heartbreaking, to think that something horrible can happen in a matter of minutes 😢
Love the campfire style chat
Cease your investigations.
This would be a case Sam and dean from supernatural would look into
Growing up in the appalachian mountains in virginia spent some time in tenneessee i was always told to never leave my parents or grandparents sight
Having worked in federal government, the reason there isn’t a list is because bureaucracy is stupid. In order to accomplish literally anything, you need to physically enter the office of several random people and breathe down their neck while the SIGN THE DAMN PAPER, a thing which WILL take days or weeks because someone needed to type a name into a field and simply *didn’t*.   Oh and that’s the procedure for ONBOARDING EMPLOYEES. Compiling a list of crimes and disappearances would require the direct and constant cooperation of dozens of people across many agencies and states, some of whom are bound to be the kind of idiots who take 3 business days to enter a name and date into a form. To acquire a list would take at least one neurotic asshole with both power and free time to decide to do it and drag everyone else kicking and screaming into their plan.   Speaking as a neurotic asshole with time but no power, I can tell you this task would be damn near impossible. The missing List isn’t a conspiracy, it’s bureaucratic incompetence.
My guess is one of those other families at the field weren't there for innocent camping purposes. I doubt an animal could take a boy without him making a sound. I have a five year old. He screams just talking to people.
A barefoot shoe print is called a footprint.  Just saying
I think it was the stairs (if you get the reference I have mad respect for you)
When they were talking about the wild man and the creatures in the woods, it would’ve been funny if they turned around, saw one and went “oh hey! There’s one over there!”
Everyone needs a Wendigoon in their lives.
This is cool but I wish you guys had more confidence in what you’re saying
This has the vibe of hanging out with your cool uncles while they tell you spooky stories around the campfire
Big cats are very effective with their kills.
Do you think it could have also beeen a bird? A bald eagle? Those birds take dogs and if he was only around 50 pounds it could have been that he got scooped up and maybe dropped off, fallen, or eaten?
It’s really funny to imagine this becoming a Blair witch like tape, and instead of them discussing the missing 411 case, they became a missing 411 case
these are my fathers actually
I really enjoyed this one, cool to see you out and about in the world
Dennis brother was not beside him he hid with the other kids leaving Dennis by himself.
I appreciate the Obi-wan quote at 23:43 lmao
he either wandered off into the wilderness and died, and they just cant find his bones. most likely. or he got wisked away by fairies. less likely but i mantain its a possiblity, especially with children.
The interview of the old guy that was a tracker they brought in is a good interview.  I can’t remember what podcast it was though.
This seems to fit the David Pilates missing  411 cases. David Pilates talks about similarities or consistencys ( like bad  weather)  after someone goes missing, as well as cadaver dogs not being able to pick up the  scent of the missing person. David doesn't think  abductions  by human beings is a possibility  in these cases as well because of  the absence of certain evidence that would be found in the forest if someone was taken or harmed against their will. Let me explain why David Pilates may be overlooking details in  many cases (including the Dennis Martin case)  that could very well be the horrible actions of a  human being or group of human beings.    In this case Dennis Martin  could have easily been taken by Farrell cannibalistic wild people in the Smoky mountains national park.  Dennis Martin was playing hide and seek with a group of other children his age when he went missing. The boy didn't hike alone in the woods for a long distance and  a long time until he got lost. This happened  very quickly . From the time the children hid from the adults up until  they reappeared again  only a few minutes had gone by . Only a few minutes had gone by since Dennis's Father had saw his son go behind a tree to hide .The point I'm trying to make is this : Both the distance  in which the children traveled as well as the time they hid from the adults  is   too close in proximity for Dennis to have traveled and gotten lost. Let's not forget Dennis's father was yelling for him right after he didn't come out as well as went running for him yelling his name. Dennis would have heard his father or someone else. Even if Dennis was incapacitated or unconscious he would have been found because ware he stopped to hide was just to close in proximity to the adults .. Like I mentioned Dennis  didn't travel miles to hide  This is a 7 year old boy,.. how far do you think he traveled after he went behind the tree to hide ? The rain didn't start to arrive until a few hours after ( after dark) Why cannibalistic  feral humans ? They are known to live in hidden underground areas in the Smoky mountains  and  travel in ways not to be detected These inviduals  know how to take advantage of families with children . These wild people are no different than any other predators looking for a meal ( except they are smarter and know how to stay undetected. I believe these feral humans had known exactly when Dennis's family  arrived at the park. I  believe these  feral people  we're  watching the children as they played in the meadow. Dennis was the one that went the farthest by himself and  not accompanied  by any other child. (  also wearing a red  t-shirt ) so  naturally   young  Dennis was the easiest target to be taken. There was another incident where a woman saw her daughter be taken up a tree by a Feral human . Cadaver dogs couldn't pick up the girls sent ( it had just stopped ) This kind of stuff could be happening to  other missing people in our national parks .If Feral humans have been living in the parks for many years than  their going to be accustomed to everything, know the ins and outs, as well as know how to stay hidden.  These wild people are careful not to be tracked or leave any evidence behind.  I believe that President Nixon sent the military  (Green berets)  to the park to hunt for Dennis Martin as well as hunt down these feral people. Of course our government had to hide this information not to upset the family as well as disturb future  tourism ( business)  in our national parks. Of course our government doesn't want to share with our society the horrors of feral humans in our national parks. Our government wouldn't want  something as  wholesome as families taking their children camping  to be recognized in our society as a horror movie . I sure hope Dennis Martin was not harmed in such a way . Peace, prayers and love for the young boy and his family.
Me, growing up in Johnson City, I’m very happy whenever someone mentions Dr Enuf. Now just wait till you go to Pal’s and get it with their add-in flavors. Also, just go to Pal’s lol
My dad says these sasquatch pick people up and run off with them then eat people.
As someone who was a Boy Scout, no we don’t go off alone into the woods, and no we don’t only have one shoe.
21:25 the facial expression says everything 😂
Unfortunately i think the three days of nothing from the barets was them finding the worst outcome - kid wandered and got got by something - then spending the next set of hours figuring out what to do and say before the likely small group that did the actual finding swearing it all to silence and going back to wallow it
My home state :))
2 Clues: Foot Print, A scream heard.  Conclusion? Dennis wondered off, got lost, got bit by something on the foot, took off his shoe to inspect his foot. Died of the bite.   Dennis Martin was a young curious boy, I’m sure. He wondered off after catching site of something. After wondering away and getting lost, he was bitten, possibly by a snake. He screamed in pain, took off his shoe to inspect. His foot would have swelled up, giving it the appearance of a larger foot. Thus the claim that the foot print was just a little too large to  be his.   He later succumbed to the bite, while trying to find his way back to camp.   Do I know this for sure? No, but all the clues together make for a plausible scenario.   A predator would have mauled him and would have left some bit of blood, clothing, or combination there of. Possibly even drag marks, what they actually found was a foot print. Why, because when small children get an “ouchy” they often remove the article of clothing that reveals the spot that has been injured to either themself or their parents. He might not have put his shoe/s  back on if they were causing further pain. So…do with that what you will.   The sketchy dude that was talked about, I believe was a wild goose chase.
You'd probably get more cooperation from the FBI if you stopped putting Wendigoon as the name on your FOIA requests.
What did his brother know
As a father, this scares me to the core.  I would, for sure, be running through those mountains.  To imagine being watched while running through the brush looking for your son.  I can't imagine.  I refuse too
wendigoon with the dr enuf hahahahaha
I can get away with saying this bc I was working/living there at the time, but I'm so glad you came away from this with Dr. Enuf and not an airbrushed T-shirt with your name and a bootleg Browning logo.
This guy HATES Wendigoon
33:26 ok, props to whoever edited this, that was a funny cut: “Don’t come here, you will die, every day”
I'm rewashing this a year later and it just hit me...Wendigoon I work at a distribution warehouse near Gatlinburg and we sell Dr. Enuf to a majority of the shops there
30:16 omgosh whaaaaat no no his name is Wendi 😆
When I was reading the comments, I saw a lot of theories saying maybe he fell into a leafbedtrap (?), meaning he maybe thought he was walking on mossy ground and fell into the mud. If he was walking along a creek with multiple of these 'traps', it could also explain why he was only wearing one shoe. He could've encountered a smaller one earlier and lost his shoe in it.
Calling out dr.enuf you get a subscriber  for that lol the best soda ever
As a Dad, this is my nightmare.
Why is the fathers story not questioned? The whole premise of the “unexplainable” is based on what the father says was 5 minutes of inattention. How accurate is that? What credibility does the father have that his statement can be trusted? How do we know it wasn’t really 20 minutes or an hour?
Can anyone ID the plant at 9:45
8:55 i see what u did there
Ill take this one from Trey the explainer's book and posit that the wild man is in fact, an owl😛
This might sound crazy but im here in oklahoma and my mom was born in the 70s she lived in a rual town south eastern oklahoma. One night her and a couple of kids that she went to highschool with where out "graveyard" sitting which itself sounds weird but i guess the idea was it was supposed or be creapy. Long story short they started to smell something awful indescribable she said and out of nowhere they heard screams and a very large man(or creature) came running out of the brush and knocked over the outhouse that was their in the cemetery. She also stated that whatever it was have very large glowing eyes. She never specified if it had hair or ehat color the eyes where but an eerie resemblance to the Tennessee wild man. After the outhouse was knocked over they all jumped in the truck to leave. Maybe next time i see her ill pry for more details and even get names of the others to ask their stories. To specify this was a solid outhouse routed into the ground not any one teenager or man would be able to just bash this thing over the way she states it.
40:55 if that's true thats the scariest shit I've actually ever heard
It’s me. I go bump in the night.
Maybe the kiddo wondered off and he stumbled accross a missing nuke or some other military technology and passed away near it. That may explain why the special forces guys and the feds were quiet and nothing was reported. They wouldn't of been able to explain why the body was radioactive without other family members geting radiation sickness and exposing what they needed to cover up. This was during the cold war and there's still things that are not made public and I can see the government going as far as not reporting a child that has passed away in the name of national security. That's just my crackpot idea. I have no evidence to back it up. It was my attempt of explaining something without it being paranormal.
wish this series came back
I'm watching this almost 3 years after my own camping trip to Cades Cove. When Wendi pulled up and mentioned where they were, and I don't say this lightly, I was Shook.
Bro why are so many people going missing in my area
Here’s my theory. The kid was gaged by a napkin soaked in chloroform. And killed
I hope somebody revisiting this series can see this comment, but at 44:10 while Wendigoon is talking about the treeknockers. I don't live ANYWHERE near Appalachia. I live in Missouri. A few summers ago, around 2020/2021, my mom and I noticed these 3 distinct knocks. We live on a farm in the woods, and no matter where we were, we could hear these knocks and they always came in 3s and always sounded the exact same distance away. My mom heard it from my grandpa's house, we could hear it from our house, once I was out back hosing something off out back and I could hear it coming from the woods. It got worse when me and 2 of my friends went down to the creek together to go swimming. I know these woods like the back of my hand, my mom and I walk down to the creek every summer. The whole walk down we didnt hear a single knock. but once we made it to the creek (which is a couple miles from my house), the knocking picked back up. my friends could hear it too, but this time it actually sounded like it was getting closer with each knock. we eventually got scared and packed up our stuff and started to walk back to my house. the whole time the knocking would follow us. the next day my friends and I were all sick, and we were bed ridden for almost a week. I had the worst nightmares that week. Ever since then we haven't heard a single knock, not even an explanation to the knocking. nobody else in the area heard it either, and you can hear everything that goes on in this area. When he mentioned the knocking in the tree lines, my heart dropped. We've had some pretty weird things happen here, but that was by far the weirdest.
I’m sorry I just think the idea that the national park service is covering up some conspiracy about people who go missing in the parks is a little ridiculous. Like maybe the real numbers are kept quiet because it’s not a great look, but people underestimate how easy it is to die out in these environments. Even people who know what they’re doing can fall victim to bad luck or a catastrophic mistake. As someone who lives in a pretty harsh, heavily forested area, it happens way more likely than people think.
Went stip-stompin around my home state drinking my favorite drink. I love it.
Oh boy just what I wanted in my video essays. Crunching leaves and heavier breathing
So the dad killed his son?
Interesting story and also horrifying.  Things happen that we don't understand or can never be explained.  Great story.
I love this type of video y’all standing in nature
I've been to Gatlinburg for vacation once and I've never heard of this story. Also after a second look at the mountains ever since then yeah I can understand the eerieness of them.
beta red thread
the mountain man story was scarier than the disappearance ;/
I'm getting strong Blair Witch vibes as they head out into the woods 😂😭
What pack were you using in this wendigoon
One thing bare in mind, with that many people volunteering to search on the amount of radios handed out, the Green berets may have just kept their own communication band simply because of the amount of noise that would have been swarming the regular bands.  Still strange for them to go completely silent but it would explain if you have hundreds of people looking very hardly making constant radio reports that the Green berets would stay to their own network radio bands.
1/10 it was ok
If they weren't sure what shoes he was wearing, how could they be sure that the shoe print matched? Without the concrete knowledge of what shoes he was wearing, it's entirely possible (and just as likely) that it was just some kid in the woods' prints. A lot of things about this case are easily explained by parents not being reliable sources and the search being handled poorly. Guilt can fuck up your memories, so that '5 minutes' they weren't looking for him could have easily been 30 and they just didn't want to believe they had left him alone for that long.  Another theory I have is that he was still in the area when they went looking for him but didn't respond when they called his name -- imagine you're six years old, hiding in a bush to scare your parents, and your dad thinks you're missing. Perfect opportunity! It's much easier to scare someone when they actively think you're not there. But then you wait too long and suddenly everyone's panicked, and you start to worry that you're in trouble. Kids get scared easily, and (especially if there were harsh punishments in his house) are very motivated by the fear of getting in trouble. Maybe he actively didn't respond to the people calling his name because he was nervous they'd be mad at him, so he wandered into the woods to hide. The thick foliage was disorienting and by the time he was ready to go back, he couldn't find the campsite.
Eviscoratted
Kidnapped! The unfollowed reports of a stranger . a child and a car are reprehensible at best!
0:40 i like to think this was intentional, cutting to this terribly lit, artefact ridden shot, while thanking your (at the time) absent videographer. Especially as the next shot is immediately better. Great video c:
Now why hasn’t anyone gone to where the footprint is reported to have been then just walked down the creek bed lookin for something
This feels like the Blair witch project if it was a comedy😂
I guarantee that it was a mountain lion. It would have zero issue grabbing a little kid and going straight up. Green Berets probably found the remains
Casually waiting for something to appear in the background in the night portion.
This is something to definitely put a damper on the summer of 69
"why would you wear loafers?" Camera operator: (pans down to reveal his loafers) Best moment of the video
A lot of the "mystery" of this case seems to depend on the assumption that the "dad only looked away for five minutes"-bit is accurate. The problem with this (and basically ANY disappearance where the parents looked away for "only a second" or "just a few minutes") is that that estimate is entirely self-reported. And peoples perception of time can be VERY distorted. Its entirely possible that the dad THOUGHT it was only 5 minutes, when he was actually having fun chatting for 20. Its also possible that he KNEW it was longer, but didnt want to admit that he left his developementally disabled son unsupervised in a national park bush for 20 minutes. Which doesnt even get into how he searched on his own for a while before getting help, or how the search was apparently a disorganized mess.
Great video but the camera it is so shaky at times I almost had a seizure
I love this editing.
Can someone tell me the song at the beginning?
3 million out of 7.6 billion is nothing! Lmao. Watch other videos on this case, they don't even know the facts of the case.
There really aren't mountain lions in the Smokies.
As someone from the southwestern VA/eastern TN region seeing Wendi begging for a Dr Enuff sponsorship is both relevant and based lol
You all have no clue what you're talking about! Total misinformation.
Whatever skit is done for the first 5 minutes ain't it. I can't go any further
lol Dr Enuf is a local drink from my university area
DR ENUF IS THE GREATEST SODA OF ALL TIME
Business idea.   Geocashing, but murder mystery.   Place “evidence” around an area for people to investigate like a ghost tour.   Escape room without the room.
Dennis Martin was only 6 years old when he disappeared. Children of that age are very dependent on their parents, not least emotionally.  According to his father, Martin was expectant and excited to meet his friends who were arriving soon. He hid behind a bush to surprise them.  All of this combined makes me think it's unlikely that he would walk off on his own within 5 minutes and walk such a long distance.  I think it is more likely that something happened between Martin's father and him. Maybe Martin felt sad and thought he had done  something unforgivable. If he lost a shoe during his walk, it indicates that he was emotionally unstable and may have been hiding somewhere.  In that case, the father's story is not credible.
6:19 Technically that is a road sign for do not enter, most cases I've seen it is on a one way road, so it isn't that you shouldn't go down the trail, it's that if you do, don't do it in a car or else you are risking head on collision.
I’ve never been fully able to explain why the Dennis Martin case is the one Missing 411 story that genuinely terrifies me, but you guys nailed it.  “Everything to prevent something bad from happening is in place, something bad still happens”  Completely throwing out any supernatural or government conspiracy situation honestly horrifies me even more. This small boy was in eyesight of his father and was still snatched up without even making a sound or anyone knowing he was gone until 5 minutes after he was taken.   It chills me to my core that something like this can happen, the fact someone can vanish fast enough that it looks like they were never even there in the first place will always stick with me.
This has barely anything to do with the case, but I forgot that he went missing in the Great Smoky mountains so I was confused at where the snow was.
From like 8:00 to 8:42 something follows you guys. It looks white and is far behind you but it’s visible
Thank you. I thought I knew this story. I did not. The fact that there were children's footprints going across the creek, the fact that those green berets were across that creek where those footprints were heading, its obvious something wicked this way comes.
26:53 yeah boi
Can you step on a few more leaves? I can hear you a little
Please make more content like this!
Wendigoon and Friends In The Woods are like "The Blair Witch Project" but with chiller people.
Hmmm definitely something more going on why else would they use so many resources for one missing child when they tones them every year definitely a a reconnaissance mission  something bigger going on thats under wraps i bet its wild men and they battled em to keep public safe
The documentary feel is great
Anericans hugely underestimate nature. If the biggest airplane ever made fell in the Amazon forest it is likely that airplane would never be found. The forest is so dense there a plane wouldn't be able to be seen and the forest snaps back soo quickly there would be no trail.
This other guy sucks
As someone who grew up around the smokies, it is absolutely gorgeous, and driving in the area you are always beside sheer drops, blind turns, small rock slides. It genuinely feels like humans shouldn't be there, like just in our feeble attempts to make trails through it we are barely able to avoid death.
Kid fell into the backrooms
Dr. Enuff!! The best soda on the planet
It’s wild that I live in Memphis and never thought about going here
That's awesome Lore Lodge and Wendigoon are chilling innawoods for this video!!! Y'all are awesome ❤
How did I miss this video?? I've been watching all of wendigoons vids why did this JUST show up
How much bigger was the footprint? His foot could've swelled up because you know he was baredoot
I highly doubt it was a mountain lion, those aren’t in this area. Bobcats yeah, but no mountain lions. It’d be super rare.
Orange eyes is one we have in Ohio
I lived in Treemont, Gatlinburg, TN, and inside the GSMNP all my life. I was 11when Dennis went missing. My Dad and Dwight McCarter were great friends and was on the search team together. My Dad tried to protect us from this, but as a kid, you hear and learn alot. I remember my parents, praying and worrying about Dennis and his family. The Green Beret, were very busy, but kind and showed us the helicopter. I hope people like you continue to keep focus on this case , and maybe soon, we'll get an answer for his family. I hope his family sees this and know they have never been forgotten. We wanted to do a remembrance ceremony for Dennis, but the park had another tragedy at that time. The fire broke out at this time, with lives lost and properties and many acres of the park destroyed. Keep praying for all the families missing from parks.
Pans to loafers
Sorry to be this guy.  But Dave Paulides would absolute disagree with your descriptions of wildmen vs bigfoot
its so wild growing up going to Gatlinburg/Cades cove, Pigeon Forge, 2/3x a year and now seeing it on a youtube video.
My grandmothers brother went missing in 1986 on a hunting trip. They were three men in their early 50s. Two of them started making their way to the car, the last one, my GMs brother, had some stuff to gather and get his backpack ready and said he would "be right there". He never came.. when they got back to the spot where they left him, all his stuff was there, the rifle was stood up against a tree. SAR, Police, Military searched for weeks. Not a single clue. No signs of an animal attack.
I love story time by the fire.
i know this sounds stupid but what if he got grabbed by a bald eagle or sum
Randy Sparks? Seriously?
Mate, you're a natural-born outdoorsman. Keep it up.
Tip for the sweating I learned while camping. Its always advise even in cold weather to wear quick dry gear as your base layer. Like workout clothes shirts, tank tops, compression shorts etc.
as an east Tennessee native i love this
Apparently there was a very heavy 3" of rain shortly after he disappeared.  He could have well died of exposure and been washed away.  Or possibly taken by a bear although no clothing was found.  Or kidnapped by someone who found the opportunity.  I don't think anything more weird than those scenarios is very likely.  And apparently the searches were not well organized compared to methods that would be used today.  I have visited the Smokey Mountains quite a few times and never felt they were creepy, although of course forests have some dangers especially for a little lost child.  Very sad story.
I need more vids of y’all hiking and trying not to get lost; y’all are so funny together 😂
Honestly the most W collab of the decade ngl
Just discovered your channel after seeing you on the podcast with Brandon harrera. I love it, keep up the good work man. Also you an Brandon could be brothers, good looking dudes.
Sounds odd to say that one enjoyed such a tragic case, but well done. The scenes of you guys at the campfire 🔥 reminded me of happier, healthier days. Hooe Dennis is at peace.
Kids, especially when they're little, tend to have slightly bigger shoes than they need. That way, while a little clunky at fiest, they get used to the feeling and can grow into them to save money and material. So it's extremely likely that Dennis either had alightly bigger feet than usual, or bigger shoes to grow into
Very crazy story
If you want an existential crisis or distrust of the establishment ive had those since i was 14 whats new im nearly 30 so ur going to have to try harder then that.
47:19 damn
42:07 aw shucks
39:17 I believe her.
26:45 lol
24:35 whoops
“But we burned 100 calories!”
Why do I want to go camping now?
The odd footprints strikes me as taking his shoes off before stepping into the water
Lore lodge is awesome very great content. Love the deep dives into the native background
7:43 could be an alltrails ad
I'm sad that the clip of Aidan M saying "Lewis and _Park"_ got cut out bc the face Wendigoon made in reaction to that was hands-down the BEST part of Lore Lodge's video lmao.
Please give the cameraman a gimbal next time you all go hiking😵‍💫😆
Telling green berets to not search a particular area is a really good way to get them to do exactly that, which may explain the lack of comm logs because they were doing something that wasn't officially sanctioned
Love the concept of visiting the site itself, but the shaky camera is starting to give me a headache
Got to love watching him rep my favorite drink
The idea a kidnapper could evade a frantic dad of a small autistic child(or other intellectual disability) within a few minutes is absurd. My stepdad/ adoptive dad would go insane if either me or his biological child went missing for a moment. Both me and my sister are autistic and adhd, plus I’m disabled and have trauma from my bio dad. If anything threatens either of my papi’s little girls it won’t get far he’s way too attentive (Edit spelling)
goddamn i would love to go hiking with this group :D
Tx hairyman
"Stop! don't show my face, cut this out ."  *neither video cut said clip* xD
I definitely think he could of gotten dragged down  by the stream
Wendigoon is probaly the most deserving youtuber to have the amount of growth hes had
I have a theory: he was taken by a really big bird, that’s why there was only some footsteps, of the boy but nothing else, that’s why his shoe fell off, and they found his torn up body that was ripped apart by a bird
“It's called drip” lol Wendigoon really is the friendly Hawaiian shirt internet dad
Wendigoon you should try investing in a camera stabilizer it would make a DRASTIC difference for walking shots and make it extremely smooth
funny thing i found the lore lodge before wendigoon and only knew of him as Aiden talks about him
Tenessee man just makes me think of the bigfoot from rdr1 Undead Nightmare.   "You eat babies!" - John Marston
I cant help but wonder if theres some kind of Japan/Vietnam-esque tunnels that certain ....entities.....are using to grab people & quickly & quitely dissappear. Soldiers accounts of dealing with tunneling enemies seem eerily similar to these 411 cases. Look away for a minute & your friend is missing from his foxhole. No trace, no sounds no sightings.
Interesting!
If yall want some scary stories of appalachia you should check out the old god of appalachia post cast Chanel it's really cool
It’s not unexplainable. If someone kidnapped him, then put him in a car and ran away, no one would really find it.
This was honestly a wonderful listen while I was driving through the Appalachians 💜
Watching this when 2 in the morning when I heard something trying to get out of my closet  Turns out my cat snuck into it and decided after being asleep for like 4 hours that she wanted attention and nearly gave me a heart attack 😭
I'm from nc and have been hiking thru pisgah national forest for years.  Lots of people easily can go missing . But for the animal thing. That's hard for me to believe.  Unless it happened much later after he was thoroughly lost
I thought the title said dean martin at first I was like I didn’t know he went missing
this video makes me wanna ask the question: what the usual amount of "searchers" for these kinds of missings?
what is this? hunger games?
GATLINBURG TN REFERENCE, but seriously this place is creepily beautiful
A bit late to the party but as someone who lives very near to Gatlinburg and have been in the general Smokey mountains in the past. It's kinda chilling having a disappearance happen so close to where you've been to.
42:12 could you possibly imagine just waking up to sasquatch in your room just explaining why HE is the man for you
Your mountains over the United States are horrifing, so many terrible things up there. Here in Brasil, i went camping in various times in our atlantic rainforest and the nature around here is so kind to humans. No large predators, only 3 species of venomous snakes and spiders (which is a very low number) and no cases of death or disappearing
The American horror stories feral on this subject is sooo freakyyyy
Lore Lodge lost me when he tried to trash on Mind Unveiled. Anyone who self-proclaims to “debunk” anything is an automatic turd. He reminds me of the Ghostfacers on Supernatural. I won’t be watching this video.
I could see it being some Kind of predatory animal, some kind of big cat could probably easily be sneaky..grab the kid by his throat, and very quickly dispatch him . I mean if a thing grabbed a small child by the throat..u know I don’t think you’d be able to make much noise. Regardless it’s terrible. I can’t imagine one of my kids going missing dude..I just can’t
26:53 "This is called drip; it's different" 😂
I remember I was with a Catholic boys group and we went camping on the North Carolina-Tennessee border in the Smokies for a month. I am absolutely amazed my 12 yr old self didn’t get lost, it’s so easy to get lost in those mountains with the combination of the dense forest and fog and everything, I can’t even imagine being 6 years old.
I used to go to Cades Cove every summer.. it would be so easy to get lost.  I never wandered off because of some many people that have been lost forever.
He clearly clipped into the Backrooms.
Sounds very much like the 411??
Watch the tree's, what ever took the kid might have lost the sent is too get off the ground, up a tree and go from tree to tree, maybe the government new something no one else did. That might be why the military was contacted?? 🤔
One has to ask why was there such a big reaction by the power's that be for one missing child when they don't do that for anyone else?? 🤔Strange
I have been on that trail
Gatlinberg is such a weird place
So... A kid wandered off into the woods and got himself lost. Doesn't seem like that big a riddle to me.
camera is too shaky. this should have been done with b roll you guys grabbed of your trip with voice overs to tell the story, you could have scripted it and edited the b roll around the script. this isn't whatchable or listenable as just audio and I'm interested in the story :/ anyway lessons learned for next time no big thing
Thank God you mentioned skunk ape. I was going to be so disappointed if he didnt get a nod in all the bigfoot talk.
The bush y'all chose was a rhododendron, they are beautiful when they bloom! Another wildman in the Western NC area is called boojum.
16:59 Tony Stark
I feel like if Dennis' remains were found and they only informed the family, the answer would've come out by now. By the family's choice or leaked online or something. Given how high profile this case is I feel like something would've come to light.
holy shit dr. enuf debut
29:27 someone is in the bush
No. Everything is explicable. Either he wandered off himself initially, or something had it's hand over his mouth, or he was killed quickly and silently without blood which is unlikely, although he could be strangled or have his neck broken. Special forces screams abduction to me, likely a bigfoot one.
13:50 I climbed up steeper slopes then that at that age.
If I was investigating this case, I think one thing I would look at is when the child’s family stopped looking for the child or answers.  Also, it’s fun to look into the hunting stories behind the president who set up the national parks. I don’t believe they have been designated on a whim.
Elizabethton native, born at sycamore shoals and raised in the back woods. We just call em big foot. Never even heard of the Tennessee wild man. Least of our concerns, look into brown mountain lights.
Can we take a moment to appreciate the name Randy Sparks.
We need more 411 content Wendi, this is so good!
34:52 that was adorable
This gave me Blair Witch vibes.
I feel like my gay dads are telling me spooky stories by the campfire
Thats so crazy. Do you think that Green Berets were involved should have been a red flag to begin with. Some weird stuff probably happen in our parks. That would explain also why they're not wanting to have that many people when they could easily have leadership amongst having that many people. You definitely could. But the fact that the Green Berets are there like our site our ears or sense of smell are things that most people have so why Green Berets that's nuts
How tall are you, dad?
My family lives grew up in the south. My grandparents told me of a man that lived in the woods. And smelled bad and people have shoot and it would have tobe shoot . Two to three times before it would scream and run off! And that their was inbreed family up in the hills that would kill anyone how got on their land !
Moved to Greeneville TN IN 2011. Dr Enuf really is freaking amazing! Good call Wendi lol
I'm convinced that the Tennessee Wild Man is a bobcat. Their eyes have a reddish glow in the dark, their roar is like a terrifying screech, they mark their territory with a pungent scent, and their back legs are much longer than their front legs, which in certain positions might give them a human-like appearance. If they're on their hind legs, say stretching out on a tree, they can stand like 6-7 feet tall. Also, they come in a variety of colors, which explains the different descriptions of the TWM's fur.
brother created a whole documentary
It was ManBearPig.... I'm super serial
Honestly the thing that interests me about this case is the lack of any information on the home life and especially the lack of input from the older brother. Like everything is being told from the dad’s point of view but what about the last human being to see dennis alive?
Really reminds you that the unconquered wilderness is still dangerous like in the old days of human history.
Man, I wish I found this channel earlier.
As my father is ex green beret  and in service at that time on the west coast. He told me one thing. That if the berets were brought in qnd go dark the area they went into is secret military  be thst above or below ground be it a base or be it a bunker like silo. So more then likely your boy got snatched by secret military  qnd who knows what done to him in qn underground base after all cloriform is a thing a ungrounded abandoned or not have huge tunnels with exits unless trained to spot yous only find by pure luck and as for past the lake. It's more then likely a off-limits zone unless you have clearance. So the berets were doing protocol and going dark in an area they weren't allowed to find the boy be he kidnapped by q freak or more likely for horrible military trials that someone a little slow would be useful for.
As someone born and raised in TN I can conform about the cannibals.
I can't get over how much the footage of you walking around in the woods looks like the blairwitch project
Narly 4 million subscribers and you can't splash out for a steady cam?
I grew up playing around those mountains.  I’ve moved to Las Vegas though 5 years ago, I miss east TN 😢
“Don’t move here. You will die”  As a southerner, thank you for doing this public service
For our friends over seas, the total land covered by national parks in the US is almost the size of the entire UK and 5/8 the size of Germany. The smallest park is 0.7km2 but most are far larger
I'm so happy wendigoon said based
any one ever wonder if these creatures are nephilim ancestors
OMG How many squirrels do you think you could take?
😅😊😅😊 I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS, PERHAPS IN THE NEAR FUTURE YOU COULD DO ONE BASED OFF EMILY ROSE....EPIC!😊😊😅😅
Low-key, the wild man sounds like a gorilla that escaped the carnival. 😅
4ft. Tall 6 year old?? 😮
Bro I will never set foot in Tennessee
What was the brothers account of what happened
lore lodge guy is a schmuck
Lorelodge is so pretentious
First bit felt like y’all were trying to become a 411 case lol
As a Tennessee resident I can confirm wild men everywhere do not come especially if from California that is their favorite
Maybe he went up the stairs....
I've been living both in and around these mountains for 31 years, and it's absolutely wild how ominous and scary it still feels. I still get goosebumps when I hear a twig snapping at night. I've never seen anything unexplainable or supernatural, but I've seen enough of what mother nature has to offer for me to know NOT to take unnecessary risks.   I only went solo hiking ONCE in these mountains and I will never do it again. Nothing happened at all, it was a perfectly normal trip, but I absolutely could not shake the feeling that something was wrong. I was scared the entire time, and I didn't like being in that state of mind in the wilderness, so I never went solo hiking again.   Respect the forest. Respect the mountains. Respect mother nature, and all the things that go bump in the night. That's all I can say.
I found you from LORE LODGE. HYPE LORE LODGE BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In Louisiana, people talk about the Rougarou. It’s more like a werewolf though.
i see he's wearing the flecktarn button up again
Funny he mentions the fae folk. That was the first thing that came to my mind in hearing the story of Dennis. They have been known to take children on occasion.
biiiiiig yoshi
@36:38 Brother is just staring into my very soul, I think he took the kid
Going through brush is way easier the smaller u get lmao
A kid could easily climb anything there climbing is not a strength sport whatsoever
"Dont come here you will die" has the same vibe of "don't have sex. Because you will get pregnant and you will die" from mean girls🤣
less than 5 min in freaking out bc Gatlinburg mentioned!! and Cades Cove mentioned!!!
My family FUCKING LOVE DOCTOR ENUF. ITS SO FUCKING GOOD!! I love the charry flavor the most. But the regular flavor is good too
Wait where did they get those chairs 😂
If you think those are dark and gloomy mountains...wait till you find out about the Pacific Northwest
How is it that the one guy is completely sweaty, but Wendigoon, with his magnificent beard is completely unphased? huh!? Is HE the bigfoot? Discuss.
From now on, whenever i hear people say something along the lines of "we/they cant get lost... there's a trail right here... we have a map..." i will remember the first few minutes of this  video where Wendi and company are confidently walking onwards and then are surprised when theyve walked in a complete circle 😅 Super easy to get turned around/lost in the woods
Th East Tennessee inside of me got so giddy when he brought up dr enuf
one time i disappeared but later I turned up but now I’m gone again.
Has there been a video on missing  and never found deorr kunz? I’d love to hear your breakdown. This story had me invested and hopeful
And this was the last time they were seen alive.
I’m here visiting, I’m a big fan of the lore lodge
He got drafted
I know it's not nearly a comparable scenario, but whenever people say, "There's no way a little kid could be that fast/have gone that far" I remember the stories about myself and cousins, etc. when we were little doing exactly that. My father was a cop a long time ago and had a call where a little girl was shopping with her mom, got tired of it and wanted to go home (which was just down the road, reasonable enough for her to remember the way), and so she did! Mom realizes, panics, cops get called, and they literally saw the little girl walking while on their way to the call lmao. So they brought her back to her mom. All of this just to say little kids can move surprisingly fast sometimes!
I will say, being a native of East Tennessee and the Pigeon Forge/Gatlinburg area, we don’t go into the woods at night in the Mountains. I remember a specific memory when I was little girl riding in the back of my dad’s truck as we were leaving Cades Cove one night after a party and having the horrible feeling of being watched. Even though there was a line of vehicles behind me, I still felt so scared, and I was constantly looking around.   Even if there’s no such thing as the Wildman or the White Screamer or any supernatural creature like that, you really don’t wanna be in those woods at night.
I'm not sure why it was said that a human (child or adult) couldn't walk 12 miles in 22 hours.
My theory to explain how he disappeared is kinda based on an experience that I had when I was around the same age. When I was around 7 years old, me and my cousins and my brother would play hide and seek on my block, it's a safe neighborhood and we knew everyone on the block so it was safe. I would often hide with my cousin who was the same age as me since we were best friends, not in the same spot but in the same area so we knew where each other was. Anyway, one time, the seekers called out that they gave up and my cousin left but I stayed because I thought it would be hilarious if I went to a different spot. I moved spots and after a while I started hearing them call out for me for like ten minutes or so and then I heard my parents calling for me and I knew I'd have to come out. My point is, perhaps Dennis had the same idea. Let Doug go back, choose a different hiding spot and then jump out to scare both his dad and Doug now. And during those few minutes where the dad just waited for Dennis to come out, Dennis went looking for another spot to hide and then either got snatched up by an animal or a predator or what I believe which is he went deeper into the woods, having a small child's sense of direction, got lost and trying to make his way back, got even more lost and died soon after. Possibly falling into the creek and drowning as he was being carried away.  Another theory I had with the green barrettes is that it's possible that they might've been suspecting that it might've been a murder covered up as a missing child and started investigating and cutting off communication so the family members aren't aware that they are being investigated. I'm assuming they found nothing to back that claim and left after exhausting everything.
As a Tennessean, I can testify to the inbred cannibal's existence 😂
Are any of the family still alive to ask?
34:16 “stories of hairy people” is a hell of a way to start a story 😂😂
24:25 20k? What sort of racket is that. I think Dave keeps the list for them.
I don’t know what it is but this stuff creeps me out way more then “scary” type stories
10:32 imagine you see a little kid just stumble out of the bush while they are filming this
The kid tripped into the back rooms I bet
Wendigoon looks so hard in the fire
They found the kids bones in the feral giant cave and couldn't tell anyone except the family possibly.
One theory could be that the green berets followed the trail across the river and eventually found the species of giants. 7-8ft tall, red hair, (probably who bigfoot was based off of). The one that the people said they saw carrying something on its shoulder killed the kid and took him to the cave. They've been covering up things about giants since the 1800s. Moght have not happened exactly like that but something similar or along the lines happened.
23:21 honestly, it sounds like the Green Beret’s said screw the rangers and explored the one shoe footpath. Who knows what they found, if anything, but it would at least explain their lack of record keeping during those days.
Is it not disrespectful to sensationalize something like this? Kid got snagged by a predator, beit human or cat, or got lost, and you speculate ghouls abd fucking goblins as being a potential option. Jesus christ my dude
This story always reminds me of the coverup looking for the kid in s1 of stranger things, to the point where I wonder if the show took some inspiration from it. I know this doesn't add much but. Weird Cold War government coverup shit, man. The feds were all on LSD and thought it was russian/commie aliens even when it very much wasn't lololol so maybe it was that kind of red scare hysteria informing the secrecy of the green berets at Eagle Creek
The audio in the second half of the video is unhinged lol
i think this is pretty simple. he probably went couple steps into the bush and when he looked back he didn't reconize where he came from and got lost. but he could have just screamed. maybe he did but the family was too far away?
ew the snarky lore house man is here
For the record, I have a second hand account of a mountain lion very close to Cades cove from my brother. Who doesn't give a shit about nature or anything like that. There is also talk of multiple militias in the mountains near here, that have almost zero contact with the outside world with zero tech or anything. My theory is something like that. The national park service might have known about a group living near there and said "fuck that, above my pay grade. Leave that shit for the green berets"
hmm..dennis rhymes with tennis, in tennis you have to run, to run you need feet, what creature has big feet and is in the woods...hmmm
People around me are always like, go on a walk, enjoy outdoors, etc. but I know something ain’t right about the trees. They aren’t friendly or safe
“How many squirrels do you think you could take?”  “Do I have a weapon?”
Im watching my friends dogs,Kidder S.D...across the road is a bad place,woodsy,but a very old school sits in the middle,ive head some spine chilling back and forth between something,no animal ive ever heard,the dogs won't go near it either 😮
Brother seems sus tbh
The description of the various man-ape creatures sound an awful lot like decriptions of  Yowies from dreamtime stories by the first nations people of Australia just thought that was interesting
I haven't finished the video yet, but weren't the clothes found in an area that was already searched? Or is that another case?
Ok i dont intend to sound mean, but those mountains just look like mountains. Bear in mind i live in a very mountainous country. But i can imagine that if your not used to them they would look beautiful
I agree Tennessee is awful. Please don’t come…I mean go…yeah…
*starts ominously raining harder when the kids are officially missing*
I gave you the map Wendigoon! I Gave You The Map!!!
I just started watching you very recently, you were recommended because I watch the lore lodge  I’ll be dipped
The story Wendigoon tells at 44:13 about the Tree People sounds like a very effective Appalachian Folktale version of your classic stranger danger story. Like a more fanciful version of the guy in the white van offering you candy.  They're slightly taller than regular people - To a kid, almost any adult could appear tall "They will promise you gifts" - That's the candy they'll take children into the tree line- tree line is their white van  I am fascinated by stories of cryptids and such but you gotta wonder how many of these stem from stories designed to scare children into behaving, being obedient, etc.
It'd be awesome if you could get an interview with David Paulides, the former police officer and author who helped shine a light on this missing 411 topic. David has a Youtube channel he uploads to fairly often.
There's one problem that I'm having with the possible explanations that you mentioned, and that's the assumption that the people who were there when Denis vanished were telling the truth. That doesn't necessarily mean that they would've been intentionally lying, just that the information that was given to the park rangers wasn't accurate and would've thrown off the search.
Great, now I believe in the Tennessee wild man
the tennessee wildman stories describe creatures that share a very suspicious amount of details with barn owls seen in poor lighting while shining a torch at it, from bright red eyes (eyeshine), to a grey color (originally white-ish), very loud screeching, tall (sitting on a tree branch or flying), strange hair (feathers can look like fur or hair), lives in tennessee. im rather convinced this is like the mothman, but instead of flying, it's just sitting there, guarding it's nest while a scared man fills in the details he couldnt see with imaginary ones. terror can really twist reality into whatever you think you saw
"This is called drip it's different." takes me out everytime I watch this
6:31 look on the bright side of things
my favorite nickname for sasquatch is "The Wood Booger" the name is native to south-west Virginia.
weird that the green beret got involved in a missing persons right?
The National SAR School, jointly operated by the US Coast Guard and US Air Force, uses this incident as an example case study for their Inland SAR Planning Course. Very sad story, and also a reminder to not send an 18-wheeler full of lettuce to a search scene
He looks like myretrolife as a kid.
Clipped into the backrooms.
It's actually incredibly easy to lose a trail and get lost in woods. You can't really appreciate just how easy it is until it happens to you.  Also, in a lot of Kentucky we have karst topology and I think it extends into Tennessee too. There are holes in the limestone just a few feet wide but 20-30+ feet deep. They can be hard to spot even for adults. I fear poor Dennis may have fallen into one of these holes.
had heard of this case but didn't realize it was in my backyard, yi yi east tn
Wendi’s grandpa: “Don’t trust them treeknockers. They asked to borrow $12 and said they’d totally pay me back. But they never did.”
I love Appalachia because it feels like every 50 miles you can find some hyper-regional soda like Dr. Enuf. I have to wonder if Wendigoon has ever had Ale-8?
Is the shirt grey or green?
I know it's been months since thie was posted but I keep asking myself this question.Why do most people that go missing are some what developmently disabilities like autism/ other disorders? Like I am high functioning so each time I think about when I go on nature hikes.."Damn I could be abducted by aliens right now..an be one of the many missing people cases." or like "Aliens must really like autistic people and need them for some reason." Idk it's just what my mind thinks.
Tbh, it was probably giants
Nephilm
oh cool i live 30 mins away from cades cove! i grew up in rural Appalachia, but learned very quickly that the whole "don't go in the woods alone" applies to the smoky mountains just as much as it did in the appalachian mountains, whatever's going on, they aren't welcoming no matter how much you do right. this was such a well informed video, good work you two :D
The interaction between you guys reminds me of the goofy way good friends behave in a completely unashamed way. Thanks for the story, gentlemen!
I swear every timeI think I’ve watched all your videos I find a random old video I haven’t seen very strange 🤔
Honestly aside from the whole youtuber thing, Aidan and wendi both seem like super cool people to just hang out with or hike with
I want windigoons shirt
Your child like giggling ruined this!!!
Dennis was supposed to be wearing a red shirt.
As a local, I can attest to how easy it is to get lost in the Smokies. Our forests are so think with vegetation that you take five steps  off of a trail and completely lose it. You can get turned around so fast if you aren’t prepared and don’t know the area or very basic wilderness survival training. Even then, it just takes one wrong step.
Mr ballen 🤝 wendigoon
What's funny is I'm subscribed to The Lore Lodge but not Wendigoon (I don't plan on changing that)
You and Lore together was like seeing Brief Case and the Crime Reel together!
They were not kidding about those woods not being kind. I camped for 2 weeks in Cades Cove last winter. I’m am avid hiker—I live in the Italian Alps—but I cancelled more hikes than I took. Weather, no cell service, challenging terrain…I got bad vibes and turned around.
So so so sad.
23:40 W Obi Wan reference
21:30-21:35 how is my dudes shirt changing colors like that shot to shot
Glad you guys had fun in Gatlinburg, it’s a beautiful place. I love living here, y’all came at a good quiet time with good weather. During summer it’s all tourists and humidity. Jan.-April is the best. Next time you guys get up this way drop by Smoky Mountain Knife Works and say hi! It seems to be a tourist tradition to get a big ol’ knife to defend yourself from the bears, because the bears eat tourists is huge numbers y’know. They prefer tourists because they taste different from the same old locals they’ve had for decades. Seriously! 😁
I really hate that they go into these cases with an "supernatural outlook". These cases aren't exactly as unexplainable as they make them out to be.
My new favorite urban legend is the race of tall, hairy, vicious humanoids that exist just out of our peripheral. Ima choose to believe that the wild men evolved branched off the same ancestor that evolved into the race mentioned in the Malta Catacombs from the conspiracy iceberg
video starts at 7:50
I was never really someone to go into the forest especially at night besides when i travel overnight to different states on Amtrak and kist of the time ill have the oddest feelings of being unsafe especially when the train goes into forests while its pitch black outside even though i know it's perfectly safe it feels like if i look outside ill see something i dont want to see in the pitch dark
"a really hairy man or a weirdly hairless bear" thats just beorn carrying a dwarf or something leave him alone
Man, I want one of those shirts Wendigoon has on. Does anyone know where to get it?
I love that you two are friends. This does my heart good.
41:48 I bet you $100 the cut there was because Wendi couldn't help but smirk at the idea of giants coming into play once again.
I just noticed an inconsistency. Aiden from lore lodge said here that the green berets were training locally and thats why they were called in, but in his seperate video from the lore lodge channel, he claimed they were not in the area and were called in from Ft. Bragg specifically to participate in the search. So which is it?
yall started in Phoenixville i live right in there bro no way
Ayyy, just came back from Gatlinburg this past Monday!
I think they found evidence of an abduction but kept it from everyone so they could investigate without tipping off the abductor, then it went cold so they closed the case.
Man bear pig
Nephilim?
Regarding the footprint that was ‘too big’ — is it possible that over a period of time that the boy was missing, since the print was near water, the soil being wet could’ve expanded & made it appear larger than it is?? Think of the T-REX is JurassicPark (lol) when it steps into the mud… you get that squish… then over time as well it could’ve expanded even more than the initial squish??
theres not any cave systems in that area, are there?
You should film a sponsor in a tree.
I was just in Gatlinburg for a vacation, this is crazy
There are holes in the ground in wooded areas that fill with water/mud. They often collect moss and such over them, when something falls in the hole tried to close off and the moss/debris recovers it. That is my guess
lice, huh
I noticed 3 411 videos are hidden in the 411 playlist. Is there a reason it was removed or at least what the topics were over?
Are American green berets like the British Para regiment of the same name?
Daddigoon 36:34 Brace yourselves
Im curious if they questioned Doug at all and what he said cause to me, it doesnt seem that odd that Dennis disappeared from the adults, after all, when they first noticed he was missing they waited a few more minutes before going to go find him and thats on top of the few minutes where the adults and kids were doing their own thing separate from each other. But its really odd that Dennis just disappeared right next to his brother. Personally, i think Dennis started to wander off on his own and then someone nabbed him but its still really strange all this happened so close to his brother
Gotta push back on 1 thing. At around the 24 minute mark Wendigoon said something like “growing up here you don’t go into the mountains alone.”   I live in Knoxville, grew up in the hills and hollers of Vonore, lived about an hour from Gatlinburg, Cades Cove, Cherokee National Forest, Indian Boundary, etc. Hiked and illegally camped a great deal out here, most of the time by myself.   And never once have I had an experience I would deem supernatural or unexplainable. Bear run-ins that ended without incident and a couple times I heard bobcats or “painter” cats. I love reading about cryptids and I even love scaring myself. I broke into the Elkmont Cabins and played with Ouija boards lol   but nah, it’s just mountains, and naturally they have all the dangers and pitfalls of mountains but there’s nothing especially supernatural or intimidating about them. Quite the opposite, it’s beautiful and bountiful.  Maybe other kids with superstitious parents were told something but in my experience, aside from bears and some crazies, there’s nothing to be afraid of out here.
I love Mothman
I like a lot of Wendigoon's vids but a lot of these 411 cases seem overblown to me. What I mean is that unexplained things are not unexplainable things, nor do the explanations need to be truly weird. Not saying they're not interesting to discuss, but entertaining the more wild theories (government conspiracy, cryptids, etc.) seems over the top most of the time. I don't know. I feel like people really just like the idea of mystical or cryptid phenomena. I know I could be wrong, but so many times when weird cases do get solved it turns out to be something mundane, even if rare. Guess I'll just stick to some of Wendi's other videos. 🤷‍♀️
Due to the lens of the camera, showing barely anything of the surrounding area, this literally could have been filmed in your garden and nobody could tell.
Did anyone consider that Dennis might just be setting up the greatest jump scare of all time for his family, waiting for the perfect moment to jump around a corner?
Naaa this is to true, it’s scary to think about. Could These stories be related with skin walkers or some form of a windgo
Aliens. Beamed him up for whatever reason.
I could see it being a mountain Lion. They can clamp onto a trachea and silence their victim immediately, drag away their prey silently and if they went far enough/into a den before eating, that would explain the lack of physical evidence.
"I don't know if he's smells bad, he's a nice guy"  You ever hear aboutwhat happened on the set of Princess Bride? Very nice guy, but yeah, probably does not smell good.
Yes! I was the 100k like! That's all. Great video by the way XD
wendigoon wearing loafers while saying who would wear loafers is everything
I love seeing goofy little Wendigoon hanging with his goofy lil friends. It’s like if Blair Witch Project was entertaining
Around 38:30 - humans are primates too Around 43:00 - humans are animals too
Kid fell into something.    Mystery solved.
My guess is the timeline of what happened was never honest/accurate, the parents were not watching their kid for way longer than they stated, he got lost and killed by an animal or drowned somewhere.
My biggest question with this is in regards to the green berets when they went searching in what some are assuming is the dangers area across the creek where the green breeze armed because unless they went in with their full kit. That theory makes no sense to me
Maybe the child was slowly turning Into a Tennessee wild man himself. Something out there makes a person change indiscriminately, and perhaps usually children which explains the disappearances of young people.
so heartbreaking and brutal, especially for it to happen on Father’s Day weekend
I live in Tennessee and while camping adults would tell us stories about red eyed monsters in the woods like that, I was also a boy scout in the area and can attest to the fact that the buddy system is followed 100% of the time. The only time a boy is on his own is in the shower, other than that there's always someone with them, usually an adult as well, even if they're asleep.
Mad props to the camera guy for making the hike that has them slightly winded but also walking backwards.
There's someone out there raping them.  It's that simple.  There is no "Wild Man."  Just a rape man.
"How many squirrels you think you could take?"  ...do I have a weapon?  Why is that your first question
Why is dr enuf 40$ on Amazon?…. What am I missing? Can it really be that good?
Feral people
Al Gore tried to warn us... ManBearPig!
When he was talking about the footprints I thought he was talking about a bear print instead of a bare foot
I wish that you guys would do a video on all the different bigfoot creatures and their lore (Please include the Vergas Hairy man as well! He is a local legend in Northern Minnesota)
It is now 6 months later. I want to see stalker shadow of the zone.
ITS THE BOYYS!
Why did 3 videos from this series get deleted
I thought you had Steve1989 tagging along too for a couple seconds at 2:20.
Surely the brother and the other children he was with were spoken to.  When they last saw him, what they heard etc.   The footprints at the edge of the creek where the dogs led them to, sounds strange. They didn't cross the creek to follow up? One shoe on and one shoe off? Had one of the playmates or Dennis's brother thrown his shoe for fun and it had landed in the creek? Causing Dennis to try and retrieve it, and they dare not say. But I suppose one of them would had told eventually. Children cannot keep secrets like that.  Apparently there had been heavy rain. How fast running was the water? Had he been washed away? There is no mention of any of the hundreds  of people searching, going down river. Who were the families camping nearby? I find it weird that the FBI said they wouldn't intervene until there was evidence of a crime. Surely the disappearance of a six year old is evidence enough. I don't really understand how that works as I live in England. And lastly I believe Tennessee was one of the biggest coal producers in the world.  Coal mines run for miles. Was there something in that park that the child could have fallen down.  Was it hushed up because of the culpability of a national park?  I don't suppose we will ever know. It must have been torture for his family, never knowing.
I wanted this to be sponsored by Dr. Enough
Bigfoot is real. I live in Louisiana and I have seen one.
This story is so odd for the simple fact that the family that seen the creature, climbing up the mountain holding this little baby the man’s name was Dennis Martin as well that was a whole Nother Martin family, who witnessed this
Considering that Dennis' father offered a $5,000 reward for information- I doubt that he was informed of anything.
Yummy, love dr.enuff
Is this guy just Frankenstein's Monster
And my opinion about Sasquatch or Bigfoot whatever is actually there people that have that genetic disorder where there covered in hair. Back in the day it would have made them freakshow sideshows and or seen as devilish so it would have been more of a sense for them to live a secluded life. It would make sense also that Bigfoot appears over different cultures because as far as I'm aware every race can have this condition of having that extra hairiness I can't remember the term for it.
5:16 i hate when people act like thats going to factor into a childs disappearance. as an autistic person it just feels really harmful and could make it easy to write of things like murder :/
Cades cove? You live in Tennessee wendigoon??
Did y’all ever try Ale8??? Stuffs pretty popular in Tennessee and Kentucky
Wow, I live in the midwest and have been to Gatlinburg countless times yet i’ve never heard of this story. Its definitely an interesting area
SCP-1000
0:15
9
i used to live in an upstairs apartment in new york when i was little. i remember getting ready for bed and looking out my window. at first there was nothing but black darkness, but then i saw two red eyes. i never felt safe in that apartment.
Why the hell wouldn't the parks dept not want to give you a list of everyone missing in parks? Wtf
It's a blue rose case
So, there's a hiking trail at the back of the town I lived in in Colorado. It's a pretty extensive network of trails, too, all fairly open. The spookiest thing on it is a burnt down cabin covered in graffiti. Now, I'm physically disabled. I really shouldn't be hiking but I really enjoy the great outdoors a little too much to not do it when the opportunity presents itself. I've hiked quite a bit of that trail on two separate occasions, both times with friends from the area. I've hiked plenty of times with them, twice through dense snowpack in just jeans, a hoodie, and a pair of boots. Both times I hiked up that trail in town with them, I did it with a backpack full of beer, water, snacks, and a portable battery for our phones. Not the most prepared, but better than nothing if we had to spend the night on the mountainside. I was the one who carried the backpack despite both my friends being younger and far more physically capable than I am. Maybe it was hazing, it doesn't really matter. On a day where I was off of work and they were both at work, I decided to hike the trail alone. I wasn't *alone* alone. There were plenty of people on the trail with me, I just didn't have a group. I'm making my way up the switchbacks towards the main part of the trail, barely outside of town, and I just feel like I'm getting weaker and weaker. I'm physically slowing down to the point where even some of the older folks are passing me, I'm having trouble breathing, and had to stop to take a break at almost every turn. I've gone less than a quarter mile and am having trouble continuing. Mind you, literally a month prior, I hiked five miles one way with a 20 lb pack through two feet of snow just to check out an abandoned structure out in the woods with my buddies, where we hung out, smoked pot, and swapped stories. I should not be exhausted after a quarter mile on gravel, yet, there I am, sitting on a big rock on the side of the trail, didn't even bring my pack this time, almost wheezing. Once I caught my breath, I just went back down the mountain, back to my car, kicked up my feet, and wasted the day watching YouTube and playing Pokemon.  I still don't know what it was that felt like a weight on my shoulders that day that kept me from going up the trail, but it still bothers me a bit to this day. What would've happened if I had ignored it and pressed onwards? What fate awaited me had I simply kept going? Why did I feel so weak despite having completed far more difficult tasks very recently with minimal effort, at worst a small blister? Come to think of it: why was the trail so populated that day? I'd been on or near it so many times since moving there. The trailhead was a block and a half from where I was staying. I'd never seen it so crowded before. Where was everyone parked? When I say town, I mean almost an insignificant blip on the map. Population ~150, no paved roads, no police, no fire station, no grocery store, no gas station, just a museum open exactly one day a year, a bed and breakfast that no one ever stayed in, a coffee shop open for four hours at a time, four days a week, a bar open Friday and Saturday nights, a post office, a dispensary, and a towing and repair company. Where did all these people come from and why were they all on the trail? I'd never seen any of them before in my entire time there, didn't see any additional cars parked in town, the town is barely on the map, and there are far more popular trails in the surrounding area. I do mean crowded, too. I was passed by ~30 people, and there was a whole train of them going up the side of the mountain. I'd guess that there were 60-80 people just chugging along up that path with very little conversation, mostly just the sound of gravel crunching underfoot. It's so strange, now that I think about it.
i’ve stayed at gatlinburg. beautiful area. we were in a house on a cliff. a fully grown black bear walked up our driveway to our window. it was 3 feet from me.
If they didn’t go past that creek and turned around because a foot print looks “To big” he had to have gone past the creek and by now his body had to have decomposed but his skeleton is past that creek some where and I know it
city folk just don’t get it
He probably fell in a hole with a small opening and died. There'd be almost no tracks to find because he didnt leave many before falling. I'd wager most missing persons cases in national parks, the victim fell into a place they can't be found.
So a man named Tony Stark donated 2 helicopters to the search team. So Tony Stark is presumably rich.... And using his wealth to help try to save an innocent child.... Bro is literally iron man in more ways than just his name🤯
It was manbearpig!
36:31 *ITS ELIZA-BEATON* A true Tennesseean knows.
I recently went to this area to hike, I didn't know that was where this happened lmao
What if he was found in those 3 days, but he was in such an awful condition or something truly awful had happened to him and the green berets collectively decided not to tell anybody.
Doesnt even make sense dogs go to the creek and then cause the dad says an offhand comment they ??? just stop following the scent, like whaaaat. That has to be something shady going on.
Its good to see Aiden sweating like that, i thought i wwas the only one.
I’ve never been convinced of any of the Missing 411 conspiracy theories. Its so easy to get lost in forests and so easy to die. Finding a body/evidence is a needle in a hay stack scenario.
just some guys bein dudes in the woods
who would win florida man or wild man?
I think it's worth remembering, something took him away from the creek or away from the other side of the creek at a unknown distance, with the sound from the creek, plus the family eating at the time.... I'm just saying that a couger going for the head would be quick and quiet and it would drag the body away.
I've lived in West Tennessee all my life. My grandparents used to tell me stories about a Wildman. I always thought they were just trying to scare me but they never really acted like they were joking. My grandad told me he seen it as a kid, said it grabbed one of their pigs and jumped a fence with it and ran off with the pig under its arm.
If I'm not mistaken Dennis's dad died not knowing what happened to his son. So I doubt they secretly told the family anything.
Thought missing 411 was going to be a series ? Theres only 3 in the playlist lol
No the FBI is not lying about the Dennis martin case, no the National park service doesn’t “disappear” people, what most likely happened is the kid was kidnapped by one of the people searching, killed by a wild animal, or got lost in a cave.  There is no grand government conspiracy
what if he got swept down the river at some point after his dad left the river
I'm so fucking glad someone else knows about the heaven that is Doctor Enuf!
considering there was an actual family of blue people living in a forest, I actually can imagine some family with a rare genetic defect going to the woods and living there, and then just staying somewhere in a area deep in the forest over generations.... like its happened before, so why not?
25:09 how did his tshirt change from purple to green???
It's so crazy how for years in so many different places we have so many similar folk lore
Wendigoon needs to film outside more often this is gold.
I saw this in a few comments but I think the Feds and Berets found his body, told the family privately (or maybe not), and since it was the 60's they covered it all up, hence the 3 days of zero record keeping. The Feds goal was probably to find him alive and be like "See? We're effective, we promise! Now more money please!" As for what happened to Dennis, he probably wandered off and the dad probably meant 45 minutes instead of 5 minutes. My fellow Bible-belt raised people know that time is a weird, sometimes fast-moving thing when all the grown-ups are talking while the kids are playing.
Blair witch much?
Damn, I wanna just go camping with you guys and chill innawoods.
I'm from chattanooga a hour and some from Gatlinburg getting lost in these mountains happens still... while the woods arent as thick as some it can be very vast
One dude hiking in a button up and another just sweating lmao
26:53 LMAOOOOO
17:25 THATS CRAZY...IRON MAN hahahahaah
Wendigoon reminds me a bit of Albert Sandy from diary of a wimpy kid, but with much more researched stories. haha
7:30 HAHAHA
I really hope we get another one of these soon. I love the missing 411 stuff and you two have great on camera chemistry together. Great work!
the main thought I had during this video was that wendigoon was gonna get Blair Witch'd.
very interested in the missing 411 "phenomenon" but one thing that's not right is: "he is 6 years old, he would not have the upper body strenght to climb these slopes..." when i was 3-4 i climbed to the top of a 11 meter high tree, in an Norwegian kindergarten. so the fire deprtment had to come an get me down(because i was to scared to climb down again Xd). and also at the age of around 6 i was climbing in climbing walls. also the distance i could cover in a short amount of time was almost as great as i can today 32 years old...
I hope we get more of these
it makes no sense that Bill Martian would not want to investigate the footprints and i think it was a mountain lion.
I wonder how many caves are in Gatlinburg...unknown caves...unknown small sinkholes that are hidden even after somebody falls through. Ill believe stuff like this happens before i will believe aliens, apes, gobblins etc are to blame. They solved it in this clip but dont know they did by saying nature is unforgiving.
Definitely goblins
26:38
What did Dennis Martin brother had to say? he was with Dennis hiding behind the bush right ? why did he just leave his brother and come back to camp ?
Another one 😩😩
Love this format of video and especially the missing 411 content. Do you plan on doing more of these soon?
he do be right tho this place is filled with monsters
Man, TN is so beautiful like we have trees and umm big rocks.
I think Denis was abducted by a human who had a car very close by and were able to get out of the forest very quickly.
when I saw that they were going to TN I was like "cool, I''ve been there." but then I remembered that this is about a missing child. They are tho right the mountains just keep going
ITS A GIANT
"As always. Thank you!"
The wild man stole my girlfriend.
44:55 there’s a lot of crossover between Celtic folklore and Appalachian folklore because the Appalachian’s are mainly of Scottish ancestry
I have been watching you for so long and am still amazed about how much work you put into these vids, thank you for all your work!
Nah that father’s story just doesn’t sit right with me. The kid literally would have had to of fallen into like the back rooms or something
they were smart and brought a camera man, everyone know the camera man doesn’t die
34:07 Real-life Ghostfacers vibes
He did that sponsored segment in the interrogation room
This is like a lost footage horror film
There is one theory that almost never hear get discussed and its the possibility of the child being unwanted and intentionally abandoned. Not saying thats what happened here but it does happen.
That kid got yanked by a Nephilim. These missing 411 sounds like a fallen entity on the loose kidnapping people. Change my mind
Accidentally watched this on Father’s Day weekend. Oops! no sleep!
Main point of the video aside- it’s so funny just to see wendigoon and his friends frolicking and messing around the park trails like they’re 9
Anthony creek runs thru my town in West Virginia
Watching this the day after father's day. Rip Dennis, God rest his soul
I'm not going to lie I've  have couple of sleepless nights thinking about this poor child. I live in Middle Tennessee. Back in 1981 in  Hickman county Tennessee I had an encounter and my great-grandmother's house in the middle of nowhere what I thought were too adolescent wookies it being 81 I was knee-deep in Star wars showing I seen these two adolescent Sasquatch that's where my mind went to. I know whoever is reading this I know for a fact I can't prove it to you but I don't care about proving it to you because I know what I know and that's just enough for me. But to think of this child as he gets snatched up from his father and his brothers not something he doesn't understand yet and was towed it does not exist the terror in that child's heart he realize a monster had him and he knew that he was going to die. Breaks my heart to think about that. last thing  that went hrough his head was daddy they are real
So the green berets started with 24 and ended up with 70?… I think they found and culled a large group of feral people. Something about their presence and actions during this case is suspicious. Something was in those woods, and they found it.
We spend the summers with my grandmother in the village she lives in. Small in the middle of the woods, 300 people living there at best.  When I was 8 and my sister 6 we decided to play a game and take different roads to the woods and meet there.  where our village ends and the deep woods start, there are two roads. One they goes to a small church and a bridge.  I arrive at the spot and didn't find my sister. So I wondered more into the woods to find her. She was just over the bridge looking down on the river. when I asked her why she  didn't stay in our meeting spot.  she said "I like it here".  When I was 15, Me and my 3 sisters were in our house in the village. I walked to see the two middle kids together and asked where was the youngest. 6 at the time. They thought she was with me. I told one to go find our grandma and the other to go to the square. Our house is at the end of the village, so I headed there yelling for her. (the is also a crazy dog killer guy living in the woods so yeah). I also found her on the bridge. I ask her why she left and came here and she said "I like it here".  I was talking with my aunt a couple of years back, and talk about the village came up. She said that once when I was 6 or 7, she and her boyfriend took me with them for a hike. We were way past the bridge deep into the woods when they lost me. They call the rest of the family to come look for me, and as they came to the bridge to cross, found me there.  I know that all this is most likely a coincidence but damn it sends chills through me to this day
So many dumb things. Grew up in scouts in the south,  we took our shoes off, broke the buddy rule, etc.  Scouts do all kinds of retarded stuff, as they're young boys, being boys
So they found his foot prints by the creek and then they disappeared? Idk how everyone overlooked it or am I not understanding something, but what if he just either went down the creek or got caught in the flow of the creek and washed into the wilderness where he got finished off by wild animals? That sounds like the most realistic theory to me, cause if the creek is too small to wash an adult off, I bet it's still strong enough to wash away the 4ft tall child. Even the guy in the video tripped and fell into the creek, it would have been way easier for a child to fall. Creeks might have underwater holes and sudden changes in current, what if he just fell into one of them and rest you can imagine on your own. If someone understands it better please tell me.
Good video i just wish he cared more
Shoutout Phoenixville!
I've got a personal theory but it's not pretty . Remember the dog they found wedged in the tree that was a lost hunting dog . If you're a kid trying to hide and scare your parents maybe you run off and hide in the crotch of a tree and then can't get back out . Has anybody checked the old tree hollows and woodfalls around there.  *Now with that being said I live in the apalachian Foothills and I never go into the woods without a boom stick ...
44:15 i heard tree knockers and thought something different 😂
Love a friend shouting out a friend who shouts out a friend
I absolutely love wendigoons laugh, he doesn’t laugh too much when he does his solo videos but I love watching how friendly and charismatic he is with his friends
8:40 - "We should be getting close to the Russel Field. And Russel Field will take us about another mile to Spence Field." 9:29 - [Russell Field to Spence Field - *_FIVE MILES_* - 2h 16m estimated hike] ...Dudes...
Could do a Freedom of Information Act to get the green beret records since its 60 years ago. That would be an idea.
Good Job 👍
I think we can all agree that Wendigoon is a damn sex symbol
Blair Witch Project (2023)
So I know that sometimes when foul play is suspected feds will shut out public search volunteers due to possible interference with the investigation/volunteers are part of the suspect pool. And most likely what they found was so horrible that rather than give publicity to the horror they just let the family know.
For anyone watching this, some other details pf this case i find interesting are brought up by the channel "horror stories" theres a reupload of this video on youtube that has more info on this case
Aw. They are bros! Unless (like last time I assumed bro) they are a couple, in which case someone correct me please. But otherwise yay!!! Bros!!!
It’s so weird watching this video while being a Tennessee citizen and also have been to Cades cove on many occasions! It’s also fascinating to learn about new and spooky things that take place in my home state
Australia has wild stories of the same type of creatures  Look into the Yowie
I could watch this all night. More campfire
I define the rules of a hike as Darkwood defines itself "Respect the woods, be patient, focus."
I know I’m super late to this but I’m so sad I live there and I didn’t know you were here for a bit.
The bush you're next to is either a Rhododendron or Mountain Laurel. They can get extremely dense and there are things in the woods called "Laurel Hells" which are HUGE laurel bushes that are basically like mazes. An adult can easily get lost in them. I'm not surprised they couldn't find him :(
@6:30. An they were never seen again...
These Bigfoot accounts would be more believable if they didn't add in the whole part about red eyes. At that point they're just trying too hard to make it scary
This is terrifying 😀
I stopped paying attention for a few minutes and all of a sudden he's talking about giants again
Why you gotta make me scared of the woods I Fly Fish in?
6:44
Ok
My Mother grew up in the 60s on a ranch and they had an actual family of crazy inbred squatters on the ranch that couldn't be removed. The family was completely crazy and would apparently shoot at people who came near their homes. They didn't own a car and still used a horse drawn buggy. They didn't work. Law enforcement hated dealing with them. One of their adult sons would routinely walk around at night and look into people's windows. The adult son started stalking a 14 year old girl. He nearly killed the girl's father who tried to stop the stalking. Eventually the deputies arrested just that son but the rest of the family got to continue to squat on the land. My point is that even in the 60s in around a town of 3000 in SE Oklahoma there were crazy inbred squatters whom the world had left behind. It would seem possible that these people would still exist in more remote areas getting crazier with each generation.
Mordecai and rigby
I live in sweetwater TN and i was suppose to bring my girlfriend to cades cove not too long ago, so this video poppin up didnt help me out to much😅
Idk man. A lot of Missing 411, to me, just seems like parents who werent watching their kids as good as they should have been and dont want to admit it. Or people who probably were doing things they werent supposed to and dont want to admit it. Or just people who dont want to admit that life can be gone that quickly when you're not responsible in nature. I dont believe any of these stories were accurately reported at first. No one is gonna admit "Well I lost track of my baby for 20 minutes before I realized" but every single parent ever has lost track of their kid for 20 minutes, for these people it just tragically happened in a dangerous place.
So nice of iron man to help the cause like that
I often wonder how many of these Missing 411 are simply parents getting rid of their children....  Its a horrible theory nobody wants to bring up because ... I mean imagine it being a real dissapearance and someone tells you that... but it is likely.
NPS must not be able to afford computers.  Needs a Go Fund Me??
So, something i can add to this story are the weird holes in the ground filled with water/mud.   When hiking with my family as a 6 year old, i stepped onto a patch of moss that looked perfectly normal. I immediately fell into a hole of water or mud, covered by the moss. It was extremely deep and the opening was slim. My grandpa saw me drop in and immediately dragged me out.   My family says after me dropping in, the moss floated back over the water - and covered it completely.    It would explain him not screaming for help, not Being found and vanishing Soon.
Holy shit! Leg reveal!
i’m from TN and i won’t argue
Hi new sub here, suggested by a fan of yours and I'm enjoying your content. I'm actually looking for a staircase in the forest like a needle in a haystack😂 I thought I'd start here as we were talking about this subject, disappearing in circumstances that boggle the mind, don't add up or are complete BS when looked at logically. So yeah I'm looking for the stairs maybe here or sometime can direct me to them. 😅😮
As someone who has lived in TN his whole life, it brings me joy that you tried and liked Dr. Enuf
I think a large predator animal – I don't know what's in that region, but some kind of wild big cat or canine...could pick up the kid in its jaws....a d make off woth it, putting considerable dostance down in a flash. In a few minutes, otd be a couple of kms away...in an hour, 20.   Theres telling it how much further it could go from there.  And, as the kid wouldn't have touched anything, it wouldn't leave a traceable scent.
So goofy funny!! Hahahaha……..stupid.
All this talk about wild men genuinely unnerve me. No bc I'm scared of monsters people make up but bc the idea of a hidden kind of feral people roaming the wilderness freaks me out. There's nothing more scary than man.
Listening to this has triggered a memory— I remember having Nightmares  as a kid, that something yanked me under my bed, by my shoes, released me, but kept my right shoe & sock.
The pan down to Wendigoons loafers 😂😂😂
It’s like I’m listening to horror stories while browsing a galaxy map
Bro I ain’t stepping outside ever again. Nah.
My personal favorite Appalachian campfire story is _taily-po._
is it just me or does wendi kinda sound cocky just bc thats where hes from
I think a very disgusting person found him in that 5 minutes and did the unspeakable. Then the Green Berets found him and privately told the family and the family elected to keep it private because they don't want that associated with their son's memory. The Green Berets and police "searched" (investigated the crime scene) for three days, keeping it confidential for the family, and then called it a cold case and moved on.
Why is the father taking his son to the river and drowning him/using the river to dispose of his body not a viable theory? The green berets probably figured that and attempted to find evidence but were unable to so left
Its gotta big bigfoot in subtelity rogue spec. He sapped one kid and just one shoted second. On his way out he might have used blind so that the other kid wasnt alarmed (constant cc)
Lore Lodge! W for the colab
Dungarven whooper? That farmer story is passed around in marimachi new brunswick canada yall gotta check it out
i thought lorelodge was tomska
Lotta hanging out.
Love how Aiden is sweaty and disheveled and Wendigoon is flawless lol
wendigoon try not to say "tree line" for 20 seconds challenge (impossible)
yoooo it’s the tiktoker that led me to wendigoon
As a pediatric nurse that works with developmentally delayed kids, people constantly underestimate their abilities.
26:47 got ‘em 😂😂
I prefer 1 on 1 Wendy. Should’ve got a park ranger or ex park ranger to interview. This random dude kinda ruins it
Probably was ambushed by a Mountain Lion or fell into a cave opening. Mountain lions are incredibly quiet and a cave entrance would be near impossible to find through heavy vegetation.
His brother was my 5th grade teacher in South Africa. He told us about this story and I was high key traumatized didn't know it was true. Crazy
I think I know exactly what happened, I have a theory that goes with the folklore, explains the weird tracks, the lack of remains, the government hiding it from the public and the National Park's suspicious activity... Clearly IT WAS MANBEARPIG
I'm going to day Dennis Martin, God rest his soul, most likely fell and drowned in the creek. It's a terrible tragedy
Thanks for representing the South my dude. Roll Tide!
5:21 laughed too hard at this line I’m sorry
Shout out to East Tennessee. I live in Alcoa, Tennessee about 45 mins away from Gatlinburg, Biggest tourist attraction in our great state, and the most visited(national park) of the lot. Let’s keep you motherfuckin carperbaggers outta the south, ruinin our local economic and social structures within our beloved region of our great country, the United States. We can be United but divided. 🤣🤣
Me and my family sware Never to return to the smokey mountains of Tennessee. This comes after our family summer trip of 2022, where we went down the east coast stopping at theme parks. On the way back up to NY, as our family says we made the worst mistake of our lives. We stopped at dollywood then we, as a family, decided to camp in the smokey mountains. I personally felt something was off. At the time I didn't know about the white screamer or the Tennessee mountain man, or any of these legendons. But I got the feeling I was always being watched. We drove up a trail past one of the visitor centers. I'd say after a mile we got to a parking lot next to a historic house. After this we hiked with our gear into the woods for about ten minutes then set up camp. When pitching our tent I saw my dad looking up at one of the mountains. He looked over at me and said we're not welcome here are we. I've never heard this man worried but this was different. He turned and started to take down the tent and said we're going home. The walk back to the car was horrid. My mom always was pointing out that she saw eyes pearing from the trees. And my brother had to hold her because she could barely move due to anxiety. When we did get to the car my mom ran in and got into the back seat with my brother. I tripped and looked into the wood line and saw a horrifying grizzly face. It seemed brutal with cuts and had it's nose caved in. It immediately turned and ran breaking twigs and destorying brush. When I did get in the car my dad got us the fuck out as quickly as possible. When driving out we passed the visitor's center and my dad just frose at the wheel. A figure darted a cross the hood of the car looking at us as he passed. It was the same face, but the body was taller and lanker compared to what I saw in the tree line earlier. My dad nearly crashed on the way out. Eventually we did get to the road and there together we swore never to return to those mountains. My mom sometimes wakes up at night because of this.  Whenever I think about it I feel sick and get the same feeling that I being watched. So I'll say until I die that those mountains are alive. They have their ways and they need to he left alone.
so a cryptid kidnapped a kid, the search & rescue team found out and iron man and the green berets teamed up to do battle with a wildman
Pls just teach your kids to have there bearings in the woods teach them basic navigation and detection like how to find east and west day or night and pay attention to were there going when they play, I grew up in the woods and my dad taught me how to do basic survival like making a fire and hunting and getting water sources it really dose make a huge difference having comfort in situations like getting lost and having the tools to fix it is important
Lot of misinformation here. clearly coming from Paulidas who is a liar and a fraud.
Anyone else confused why the end of the video has a strong yellow tint or overlay?
ok so, hear me out.  If Wendigoon ever does more trail cam type stuff I want him to just photoshop a really shitty stock photo of an urban legend in the woods. Just like, watermark and all, a really crappy cutout of a clearly face creature. That would literally make my entire year.
I just have to. The "Do Not Enter" is very clearly a traffic control sign to let drivers know that they are going against the intended flow of traffic. It has nothing to do with not walking into the area. Also, there is a very important question that no "conspiracy minded" person seems to think to ask. It's a very important one. Probably the most important one. Other than the person(s) who reported the individual missing, WHO can corroborate that the missing individual was EVER in the environment they are claiming they went missing from?
People always underestimate kids and say "they'd have no reason to go to x"  kids are stupid and don't think like adults. He could have chased an animal, seen a stick he wanted or any other random thing. And I always doubt when parents with lost kids in the forest say they took they're eyes off them for a second. I bet it was more like 10 or 15 until they realized what they should have been doing
So I think little boy just got bored of hiding in the bush with his brother, wondered off and got lost. He lost his shoe at some point walking through the wilderness, but was probably too scared to notice. He eventually came to the creek and either fell in and was washed away, or crossed it and continued wandering on through the wilderness until he eventually succumbed to the environment. The dogs lost his scent because of the water, and the father dismissing the shoe print was likely just misjudging the size. The green berets may have stopped keeping record because there was nothing new being found and no point in keeping up logs.    As for the kidnapping theory, it's possible. The dogs wouldn't have tracked a kidnapper unless there was something from the kidnapper to get them to look for that scent.   I also don't think the father actually kept him within eyesight. Many parents, especially back then, would just let their kids play. He likely had his eyes off of him for a lot more than just a few moments. Even if it had only been a few moments, that's more than enough time for a 6 year old to wander off.
Guy's! Video stabilization plzzz...
I is he, Dennis Martin. I ran away because my Dad was an Asshole. Made me brush my teeth, eat my broccoli, put my toys away. I came up with the plan to ditch him and join one of the traveling carnivals that was common in Gatlinburg at the time. Was an alright gig I suppose, because of how tiny I was they mostly had me squeezing into the rides, places the bigger folk can't reach. Eventually that got old. I'm 16th birthday we were down in El Paso, I snuck off one night and crossed the border into Mexico. Found work with the Sonora Cartel, nothing major, teamster shit mostly. Picking up packages at the dock, dropping them off else where. Payed good money though. I spent the majority of my 20's drinking Tequila out the cleveage of beautiful Latina women. When I wasn't partying, I was taking Peyote Trips. I actually met Dr.Gonzo and Hunter S. Thompson once, Hunter was a cool cat. Gonzo was... a little weird, the boss didn't care much for him. Apparently Gonzo owed him money. On my end Gonzo would just get high and babble on relentlessly about some perceived Communist Utopia. Anyways, these days I run Meth and Fentanyl across the border. Sometimes I feel bad about it... But on the other hand it's just the trash taking it's self out. Them people fiending for it and ODing on it, their lives aren't going anywhere important anyways. The way the Chinese keep supplying us with the shit, it's amazing the states haven't put a blockade on the country. I got a kid now, suppose technically a couple. He's a little shit. Aint never met the others. I'm going to get out the game this year though. Heading to Argentina, Southern Tip specifically. It's wild down there. When you think of Artic life, you don't think Latin yet there it is. Been all over Europe on business trips over the years, them snow monkies land aint got nothing on South America.
36:41 wendigoon staring at our souls
This video was part Blair Witch. Awesome. <3
I only found y'all (probably one from the other) a couple of months ago! Love this Collab!
mountain lion stalking the kid and carried away up into the brush?
This is the first Wendigoon video I’ve watched, which I found because of Aiden + Aiden at the Lore Lodge. Truly a pleasant surprise to immediately see a familiar face!
This gives me real Blair Witch vibes
I've seen a video of a Youtuber, called "South Force 10", who thinks the wild men took poor Dennis.
Just saying... was  Manbearpig
I go hike camping in those mountains from time to time. One thing you need to be aware of is there are bears in the area. A lot of big foot sightings or findings are really just the bears in the area. The reason why I bring up big foot is because the author of Missing 411 is a huge believer of the myth and tries to turn these missing cases into evidence that it was big foot or UFOs or anything else of myth. But the mountains are beautiful and peaceful. A lot of the trails may be super close to the cliff side and if you don't watch your step you may slip and roll down the mountain. Always treat the area with care and caution. When you do, you'll have a lot of fun in this beautiful area.
Eagles can carry away adult mountain goats but we’re still wondering how these kids go missing…?
Mountains are beautiful. There's nothing to be afraid of, but other people.
you know, ive never trusted the government. but i've never had any reason to distrust the park service... until today.
POV: Fallout 76.
What about a sink hole ?
I was waiting this whole video to hear what Doug had to say, and I'm a bit disappointed that we didn't hear it. From the father's testimony, he was with Dennis shortly beforehand. Did he run back and knowingly leave Dennis behind? If so, why? If not, why did he not mention that Dennis was gone?
I can’t be the only one that thinks 70 green berets working together is weird
What if I told u I have a lead theory and it’s goes all the way to Antarctic
IS HIS SHIRT PURPLE OR GREEN
The only thing i can think of is one of those "feral" people that live in the woods off grid.  Maybe they lured him showing the 'shhh' sign. I feel like it makes sense if he just went off quietly
Bears disembowel people. And a lot of bear attacks describe it as “I didn’t see it coming till last second. It was so quiet” so I wouldn’t be surprised if a hungry black bear or a younger brown bear snatch the kid up and ran off. And considering how they eat I could imagine law enforcement didn’t want to tell the public a small child was gutted by a bear.
"Trails not on the map..but that's cool. That's based." - Wendigoon  Spoken like a true explorer.
This is called drip it's different
I am a high functioning autistic person and I definitely could get distracted and wonder off. It doesn't matter if they were functional and just slow. I get so easily distracted and also forget what happened two seconds ago.
Jesus, the amount this guy jokes around in a video that’s meant to be explaining missing children is just sick
Very interesting and unfortunate case. I read that the family waited to contact park authorities for several hours. Why? Also, when Dennis didn't immediately appear with the other children who had been hiding, it seems that it should have been immediately looked into rather than waiting "five minutes." Who knows if it was longer than 5 minutes? And maybe he began wandering as soon as the kids decided to hide. Was the child insured? It seems that just about anything could have happened. So sad.
ive wanted an in-depth video on this for years lets fucking go
love you guys.   but definitely time to invest in audio gear.
Not us both being from Phoenixville LMAOOO😭😭😭
Hey, Tennessee Cannibal here. Tennessee is a beautiful state and you should definitely move into the middle of the woods.
In my experience, if a story sounds implausible, it's because it is. And instead of looking at paranormal explanations to make it work, you should probably look at the person who told the story
So.... is it going to be 6 months between each episode?? Cause we love this series... more more more please.
Hi there, I love this kind of content. America's folklore is something that doesn't quite get out of the land, in Europe we need to make a lot of searches to scratch just the tip of the iceberg, so please, please, go on with this series, I love this kind of content. Thanks
I don't believe the family was informed of something privately because I've heard the dad looked for his son for months/years following. If remains were found then I believe the dad would have quit.
I’ve noticed I only watch Southern YouTubers 🤔
It's driving me crazy, can anyone tell what he was drinking in the beginning of the video?
Anyone who has been to Rowan Creek and has hike the entire Bank how often does it get deep and how wide can it get
You know, I was thinking about how nearly all cultures have lore and legends about hairy men...and I couldn't think of any from Europe. Werewolves, sure, but nothing like Bigfoot or the Yeti and so on. Anyone know if there are any?
We need more 411 cases!
Loved this one man. Born and raised in Tennessee and have been to the mountains of east TN many times. Keep up the great work
Lived in TN my whole life, my mother loves the smokies so much, she named me after Cade's cove. I love the smokies, I've been here since the day I was born. Oh, and uh.. my last name is Martin.
not to be THAT white person but the Tennessee wild man kinda sounds like a cougar or "a bear lacking hair" suggesting it might be a bear with mange. IDK maybe its some poor dude with hypertrichosis and gigantism trying to live a normal life with his also giant and hairy family.
My first thought about this case was that when they were setting up camp, they were with other families who were also camping.  Dennis and his brother were encouraged to play with these other children...What do they really know about these other adults? Could one of them have been responsible? Maybe more than 5 minutes had passed since the father saw him. It’s very easy to lose track of time... Now where and how they would have disposed of him without anyone seeing...I don’t know. Perhaps they took advantage of the situation when everyone was running around looking for Dennis and got him out that way.  I don’t know. I’m just throwing that out there...that perhaps it wasn’t as complicated as it seems. Don’t tear me apart guys. I’m not an expert. It was just my first thought. I’m interested if someone has anything constructive to add, but not be mean for the sake of being mean. I take to heart anyone who’s disappeared and it makes me very sad that after all these years, this case hasn’t been solved.😢
Can’t help being a mom... but did you guys drink enough water? Even if you’re not thirsty, you need to keep hydrated....🥵💧💧💦💦🌧☔️
Homos
Seems like they at the very least, wanted to leave a found footage mystery when hiking and something happened haha.
I really like this channel but you need to thank David Paulidese. That's who's work Missing 411 is. That Lore Lodge dude knows that and has a lot of nerve accepting thanks and not acknowledging David Pauldise who did the years of research,wrote over 10 books and made 3 Missing 411 documentaries!!! I really don't buy that Wendigoon isn't aware of this either. Very disappointing to say the least.
nuts
I heard a story about someone who encountered some giant incest hill people who couldn’t speak English except for one girl who didn’t look anything like them The writer was saying it seemed incredibly obvious the girl had been kidnapped When they told the authorities, the authorities basically told them it was in their heads And then the story went on to say that there was government-enabled kidnappings for these old families so they could keep the incest issues from getting too bad  Not a great or comprehensive description of what it said but… yeah… That’s what this made me think of Unfortunately, I can’t recall where I heard this… may have been a story from LetsRead or SouthernCannibal  Apologies for the grammar… or lack thereof
The Dennis Martin disappearance is not as odd as it seems. The search, while having a lot of people, was handled poorly. This isn't a criticism of the people involved because they didn't know any better. This case was used to establish modern SAR procedure. I'm a SAR volunteer, and this case was covered in my training for that very reason.
I wonder if Dennis' brother blames himself. It's not his fault but I feel like he would think that because he had been beside his brother before he was gone.
Hell Yeah Dr. Enuf shout out
So cool to see y'all do a video in my local area 🙂
I've been to Gatlinburg a few times and have a friend near there, I also moved to TN recently. It is so easy to vanish in those woods and the wild animals aren't afraid of going up to people. I can't imagine how difficult it must have been for his family.
My favorite theory for Missing 411 is the angle the boys at Necropod took up, and that's the possibility of feral people. It can't explain all these cases, but it feels like it could explain a lot of them, including this one. It would also explain FBI and military involvement in some of these cases. I don't fee; like you would involve the FBI for Bigfoot. You would for a Sawney Bean situation.
I dont live too far from Gatlinburg lol Thats weird and funny to hear yall went not too far from where i live not long ago! O: its crazy to my brain to hear this lol  Yea we got lotta mnts around here in these areas XDD even going back to my home state VA we go through lotta em :3  LOL Louis and clark XDD Yes!! be like my ancestor !!! (Louis think was i am related to of the two lol)
What fucks me up about all of these unsolved cases is that there IS a right answer out there. *Somtthing* happened to this kid, something definitive, but we may never know the answer.
“The woods are nice, but they’re not kind.” This struck me so hard.
PHOENIXVILLE?!
You two are my favorite nerds to watch on YouTube cause we are nerds about the same thing.  I wish to see more of you guys in perosn and going to the sites of the crime is also very cool and adds to our understanding of what happened
More of this, very good video.
I wonder if you couldn't file a FOIA request to the Army and FBI about those three days/entire findings for that operation
Well, for the sake of argument, a reason for the feds to find the kid and not tell anyone? Could be anything. The most plausible is if he were dead and mangled in such a way that could not reasonably be attributed to an animal attack of any kind, and they're like 'oh, this was this specific monster/classified beastie that got him, we can't divulge that'. Next down is them finding him and he was infected by/with something they want to keep a lid on (on a decreasing scale of plausibility); pathogen, mold, parasitic insect, Gene Simmons, NANOMACHINES, SON, whatever. Something nasty and classified. Or they simply didn't find him. He fell in a hole, or an ogre (bigfoot) carried him off, or a leshen (wendigo) got him, or he slipped through a thinspot and somebody found his bleached bones in 1837 and never said anything, or we'll find his remains in 2044 hung up a tree in Greenland. This whole national parks disappearances thing is a damned good reason to stay out of the forest, though. It's not Man's environment anyways; humans are plains-dwelling apes, not forest-dwellers.
It really aggravates the hell out of me how much people underestimate children..
Spin zone: Dennis is our universes version of Star-Lord and he’s living happy and healthy being a badass space guy
I can't really get behind conspiracies that the entire park service is deliberately hiding something about a child's disappearance. Never attribute to malice what could be attributed to incompetence. The search could have been bungled in many ways. I also think Dennis falling into an unmarked cave or crevice is more likely than anything more sinister. Sometimes people just go missing, and we never find them again. It's maddening but not out of the ordinary.
i feel that this video goes against your principles wendi
It's not just superstition. It's true. Haints are true
I have loved watching the evolution of this channel. This has been the most "ghost-hunters on scene with evidence finding gear"-esque video yet, and I am living for it.
Js getting losing the Cades Cove would be a nightmare. I grew up going there and I remember wanting to run off and explore the woods near to Cades cove. Needless to say you don't have to go far to get lost. The trails/motor trails really do matter out there. Don't be a idiot like me and get lost in the woods for like five fucking hours with ticks and bugs up the ass. 0/10 do not recommend. To be fair I wasn't really far maybe a few hundred feet off of a some trail I can't remember but far enough to forget which way I was heading in my 10 yo head.    Yes I was that kid
I’m going to come out and say it I was the last person to see Denis Martin while he was walking through the creek I watched him no-clip through the ground and I have suspected he is in the backrooms
2 cases of kids going right behind bushes and disappearing and we’re not asking more questions about the bushes???
I've never seen such young people with such extreme dad energy
Some crunchy leaves damn
i might just be stupid but i tried looking the kieth berkens case up and could not find anything pertaining to the missing 411 case.
This story is probably the best evidence for something strange happening in the forests of America besides the Patterson film
"The woods are nice, but they are not kind."
The Smoky mountains are so underrated. There's definitely some cool history, but it still feels wild and untouched. The scenery is insane. If you haven't been there, the name really does fit perfectly. The clouds/fog rolls over the hills and through the valleys like it's smoldering all the time. Of course the peaks aren't on a himalayan level, but let's see how fast those folks can get to Myrtle Beach.  It's easy to get used to your surroundings and underappreciate what you have. I'm not saying it's perfect, but we got dealt a pretty good hand around here.
Dad on site investigation is great.  Just chilling with his buddies talking about child death.
I'm just remembering the stories of fey replacing babies, and you only realize when they grow up, and they just grow wings or some shit.
This wild man sounds like a hoard of raccoons.  Gray, and shouty.  Smells like dead stuff.  Human face doesn't match though.
Enuf is enough ole son. Get this man a sponsor
ignorance is bliss if anybody knew the truth it will be so much worse
It was the bearmanpig or maybe Frankenstein's Monster survived after all?!
Did you find any staircases out there?
I think most of the cryptid stuff is bull, but I do enjoy a good cryptid/ supernatural story once in awhile
What I'm missing in this story is investigation of the family. Were they ruled out as suspects at all? Was it confirmed that the story of the kid's disappearance is true at all and it wasn't a cover-up for an accident caused by negligence or even murder? When something bad happens to a kid, their caretakers are very often at fault and should be the main suspects to investigate.
White Screamer? thats what I call ur mom!!!!1!!11!!!!
Well that's it, man bear pig got him RI
The inappropriate laughter is off putting,
Crap,  Skylarking, with very little else.
It's always kind of fun finding people who share names with Superheroes irl. I rode on a train when I was a kid and met Bruce Wayne, and 25 or so years later shared a hospital waiting room with Barbara Gordon.
Are you kidding brother? There's 100 different scenarios where special operations would keep information, even about a missing kid, from the public or local authorities. Depending on what evidence they found, evidence that might not even be recognized as such by rank and file cops, they absolutely would have put that mission above releasing information to ease the mind of the local population. Remember, these aren't rank and file 18-year-old soldiers, these are guys who do next level stuff to the point where they even have their own base within a base yet somehow separate from the rest of fort Bragg. There is some super secret squirrel stuff going on there if you see the level of security around this thing. Frankly, I think some of these disappearances are related to nephilim descendants. Remember the Bible says even after the flood there were giants in the lands in those days and after. The after part has not ended and those hybrids probably carried on blood lines that don't live in the apartment down the street. They live in the shadows. They live in the forests. Just my take, but I believe those soldiers definitely found evidence. Reported it up the food chain and were told to keep going and keep quiet.
It always makes me happy to see people enjoy Dr enuf lol. We take it for granted sometimes
God, could wendi be any more hot? That scene at the fire pit is *chefs kiss *
16:56 you can hear someone collect their gold in clash of clans 🤣
"Has roamed the countryside ever since." Since the Civil War?? I'm so stuck on that. XD that is one OLD Wildman.
There’s around 130 available FBI documents on this case implying that Dennis wasn’t found at all, the first 90ish documents are essentially just communications about Dennis’s dad and how adamant he is about opening a kidnapping case. Also 2 somewhat interesting points are A) a sus individual was lingering around during the search but not helping B) a man reported hearing screaming but this is dismissed as unrelated to Dennis due to this being heard in an area too far away to reasonably be related   However 10 years later there is some more information: in a highly redacted series of documents 2 former prisoners are discussed in relation to a kidnapping- a prisoner allegedly admitted to stealing and selling Dennis to an unknown individual although there’s no evidence to support it his account of Dennis and the situation is described as “essentially accurate” although it is also stated that the account is from a habitual lier.   Finally there’s a small number of documents where someone claims that Dennis is alive and living with them, the document says this will be further investigated but no subsequent investigation is available.
this video is so chaotic
“its called drip its different” is now something i will be using
Yes love this series. Please do more!
19:00
❤❤❤yesss of course I loved it. There’s nothing you talk about that bores me. STAY FABULOUS!! Can’t wait for movie and congrats on hitting the millions with subscribers I know you say it’s unreal but never doubt yourself we all ABSOLUTELY love you. REMAIN AWESOME 😘💕😎🤩
I wonder Did anyone ever check out the dad or the family members? I wonder if they interviewed down at the police station separately n stuff.. it was 1969, but still.. Maybe he was killed or it was an accident and they panicked to cover it up.. dads story about dismissing the footprints seemed a lil sus to me too.. and who’s to say his story wasn’t a lie and he was long gone before they called for help.. js it’s happened before with other ‘missing’ children cases, unfortunately.. But either way, poor kid didn’t have a very happy ending or he would’ve been found by now.. :/
This was a very cool collab and I think y’all did very well together! I’d love to see you guys make more vids in the future too if possible.. til then, I’ll def venture over to the Lore Ch. 😉 Thanks boys, very interesting video! Hope we learn the truth one day and God bless lil Dennis Martin 💜🙏✌️
..maybe he got washed down the creek, or carried off by an animal if not a person and possibly it was by the throat, which is how most animals carry their young by the scruff of their neck, or also their prey too, hence why he didn’t make any noise.. or maybe he fell down n hit his head and was knocked out first.. lastly, maybe it’s possible their was a kidnapper who hid him in a large backpack or duffle bag.. but I really think the creek is somehow the key.. so crazy tho that to this day- there still has never been any sort of remains found.. not a piece of clothing, a shoe, bones, etc. That’s the hardest part about missing persons cases, is the Not Knowing.. the always wondering in the back of your mind- if they still may somehow be alive, n might show up or you’ll get that phone call one day.. hope is a great thing to still have, but as a parent I think it would hurt so much more than being able to put your child to Rest, and try and move on with one’s life.. never forgetting of course, but at least then there’s a tiny sense of closure.. the unknown, would probably just destroy me over time.. May God bless he and all of the other still Missing Ppl out there, and also especially their families.. I pray for them all to find answers someday.. God bless. ❤🙏✌️🌸
THEY LIVE UNDERGROUND THEY ARE UNDERGROUND PEOPLE FUCKKK  HOW I NEVER UNDERSTAND IT BEFORE
I'm not superstitious, but even I know Appalachia ain't a place to mess with. It's such a vast and mysterious area. I hate to say it, but once that first night hit, they should've gave up. Never heard of someone, especially a kid, surviving a night in those mountains. You don't go outside at night and if you see of hear something, no you didn't. Appalachia is easily one of the scariest places I know.
I would really love a little series of folk lore and criptid stories with you two by a crackling fire
Was that a Larry Kenobi reference?
"It's called drip that's different"
Insane audio quality for the settings
If it was something horrible that would hurt their tourism there's no way they would let that info out. That's why they have no data base. They don't want people knowing that the same might happen to them.
I live near Gatlinburg and never knew you came through, that's sick
The boys did not hide at the same bush, Dennis was at another bush in every report i find on it. So he was alone, also sure the father saw him but i do not trust his time table on it. Also if the tracks in the riverbed was his where is the other shoe? I have a feeling he walked of trying to hide better, then got abducted by someone. Those witnesess is on the same level as his fathers timetable for me.
10:49 lotta tension in this part of the video love it how yall just kept going when the rain started love that shit so much
​​When I was 7, I got lost in the woods while playing with other kids.  I live where the woods are overrun by blackberry bushes, so you have to be really careful to not get snagged by thorns. I was so focused on getting through the bushes that I didn't notice the other kids I was playing with were no longer with me—I'd underestimated how far I'd traveled too.  It was only when I slipped and fell that I realized I was alone.  It's entirely possible this boy could have wandered off in a similar manner, only realizing he was lost when it was too late.  Him suddenly disappearing is not crazy to me—it's actually familiar.
Can confirm the fighting off cannibals and the wild man, as a Tennessean myself, can confirm.
If Iron Man was trying to fine Dennis he would use most if not all of his armors He would most likely find him.
5:30 I learned not to step in alluring leaf piles when I was 6 and disturbed a colony of slugs in a leaf pile.
I think that Dennis was murdered, they had a suspect but there was an issue with one of the people who was involved, perhaps it being a higher up in the Southern Baptists or Catholic Church abuse issues.
kids and people wander off in those mountains often, they can be linear yards from roads and never know where they are.  Cell phones and GPS have helped a lot recently.  A buddy of mine told me if you ever get lost, find a creek and walk down hill, you'll run into something.
I forgot if they mentioned it, could he have drowned and been washed away?
Unfortunately, some of the details covered in this telling are the more sensational, less accurate versions of events. The key family who saw the "hairy man" didn't describe it as a hairy man or a hairless bear or as having something slung over it's shoulder. The description of it carrying something is only reported by Paulidis, and isn't accurate.
Unfortunately, some of the more mysterious details around this case were revealed only by Paulidis after he interviewed Mr. Martin. Frankly I doubt his honesty.
i feel like this may be inappropriate considering the content of this video. but, damn, wendigoon's side profile 😫🥵
I think it's most likely that dennis was found by the green berets, and it was just too horrifiying to tell the public that they kept it within
I am of the mond that there are things in the woods we simply are not meant to understand.
As much as I'm intrigued and interested in these. I notice no one in any comments sections (on any of these type of videos not just wendys) incriminating the parents. Or at the very least just bad parenting.
I've paused at 13:28 and maybe its my paranoia but that amount of people searching may well have included some shady people. Any hoo ill keep watching now.
Batman said he needed a new Robin
It's odd to watch your "Toxic Lady" video which seemed so informed and then see this one where you featured someone who doesn't know what he's talking about, citing almost every piece of misinformation regarding the case as factual. He also got statements made by one of the most crucial witnesses, Harold Key, wrong on every point, as well as, not knowing there were no tracks because it began to rain the afternoon Dennis went missing and did so on 34 of the 100+ days they searched for Dennis.
the Troglodyte creatures just sound like a hairy version of the Falmer from Skyrim bruh
AmbuPlay do caralho
Incredible camera work/ editing on top of top tier spooky stories. 10/10 video as usual.
I hear about the Dennis Martin case 10 years ago and it still keeps me up at night. My dad was 10 and lived right near by when it happened. He had a very traumatic experience hiking when he was 12 or so and refuses to talk about it other than it’s why he’s so freaked out any time I’d wanna go off-trail while hiking as child or adult. Whatever happens to Dennis, I don’t think it was a human person that did it.
Imagine if Wendigoon actually found something to help solve the case. I'm only 10 minutes in so heres hoping he can add to history.
story aside, watching 3 detective himbos try to find their way through a forest is very funny
26:46
I love the format of this video!!
I like how being eaten by a big cat is considered "mundane"
Background music is way too loud and distracting ):
What did the kid who was with him say had happened?
I remember learning about this case from a Bob Gymlan video
If it was an animal or a mountain lion, I understand the idea that it might be kept under wraps to prevent a bunch of yokels from loading up and trying to take revenge on the wildlife. However, if it was the Tennessee Wildman, I’m fully in support of trapping and exacting as much torture on that inhuman monstrosity as possible. It sounds awful.
With this being in the 60s maybe, and it is basically a crackpot theory, he accidentally bumped in to a kgb spy and saw him doing something obvious enough for him to have to take the boy.
Wendigoon came down here and there was no parade?
Well cougars do have a tendency to hide the remains of their prey
sometimes youtubers will include clips of them just being silly and having fun with their friends & those are my favorite lil youtube video add-ins  Dr Enuf sponsor when?!
For those not in the US or unaware, the Green Barrettes are the elite of the elite special forces in the US army and are trained in operations in hostile environments. He's not exaggerating when he says that if anyone could find them, it would be a platoon of Green Barrettes
I'd reccomend looking into the moon eyed people their story apparently reaches all the way from GA where I'm from all the way up to NC and further if I'm not mistaken
Thing about the Green Berets - as counter-productive as it seems, one thing the green berets loved was some publicity (hence the John Wayne film).   It's just as likely they cordoned off the area on the far side of Eagle Creek because they wanted the publicity of finding the kid for themselves and that was the most likely spot, and they failed to find him for whatever reason. These men were and are fallible. Especially if you really think about what 70 Green Berets were doing State-side during 1969, the height of the Vietnam war... these weren't Green Berets, fellas - they were recruits. Guranteed.
Drowning in the creek seems the most sensible theory idk tho
Wendigoon, I love the Appalachia ghost stories and lore. I grew up here, but haven’t heard very many of them I feel like.
I'm not saying it's paranormal or anything, but the Green Berets 100% found something on the other side of the creek. You don't tell people there's nothing there and then proceed to search exactly where you said there was nothing for 3 days while cutting contact at the same time.
My hypothesis is that Dennis walked away from that bush, left the trail, took a wrong step and rolled down an embankment.  At the bottom of the embankment was a creek, he sustained significant injuries and was unable to respond.  Meanwhile, it was reported heavy rains settled into that area the night of his disappearance and continued for a day or two.  The creek filled up and the heavy rains swept him down and eventually underneath a bolder in a deep area of water.  The pressure of flowing water wedged his body so far underneath the bolder that his body was never found.  His body decomposed there. The Smoky mountains are basically a rainforest and they park gets nearly 60 inches of precipitation per year.  The month of October is really the only "low" month of precipitation and the only month that averages under 4 inches.  The month of June is the fifth wettest month inside the park.
36:55 "Randy Sparks" Wendigoon glances at fire
Relly? The lore lodge? The dude who uses the deaths and disaparences of actual people to push his wendigo conspiracy
I love these 411 videos, keep them going! I had two main thoughts watching this... one, you and aiden could totally turn into 411 investigators and maybe even solve some of these cases... two, as I hear of Dennis's story I think of the game "the forest" and how the cannibals snached timmy...
I bet h went missing before the bush moment and the dad had confused him with another kid. When trying to keep watch over everyone this is soooo easy to do.
I like this style a lot! I think you did a good job
You look Mack from “Always Sunny in Philadelphia” 😂 no shade he’s hot
26:00 indeed. Become an anti-natalist
When missing 411 researchers try their best to become missing 411 victims
Please keep up the 411 videos I love them and the park ranger/stairs vids. I love your content/work.  YOU AND YOUR G/F ARE AMAZING  I LOVE YOUR ATTITUDE AND EVERYTHING PLEASE DON'T STOP WITH THE CONTENT
Didn't the father stay for months searching?
I grew up around the Smokies my whole life. The atmosphere is unparalleled. My grandfather ran moonshine and I can’t tell you how many spooky/scary stories I’ve had during the nights on those adventures. Such a rich history in that place which, in my opinion, cannot be rivaled by any other.
Never heard of this story and I just got to the part in the video talking about the moment Dennis went missing and I have only one thing to say:  Doug did it.  Not necessarily killed him or anything but Doug knows what happened and lied.  My guess is Doug got a bit intrepid, Dennis followed and fell in a ravine, Doug was afraid he'd get in trouble so went back and pretended nothing happened, and then animals ate Dennis' body.  The dad lost track of time setting up camp and more time had passed than he thought from the last time he saw Dennis.  The rain threw off the dogs and washed away tracks.
Another version of these sasquatch type creatures is the Honey Island Swamp Monster down in Louisiana. It's pretty much the Louisiana version of a skunk ape. Supposedly there is super 8 film footage of it, but I don't know how real it is.
wendi hiking in a dress shirt and pants is very in character
IMAGINE THE CRIME SCENE FOR THESE
Always strange hearing about cases like these taking place within 100 miles of where you live. Fascinating.
Respect the mountains, y'all. The mountains around there are weirdly dark. When you get used to the Appalachians, you figure out that different parts have different light and feelings to them. The mountains near Gatlinburg aren't menacing exactly, but it feels like being in the presence of a primordial deity. They aren't particularly interested in you either way, but if you get too bold they might take notice, which you really want to avoid. Other places don't really have that quality. A little further South the mountains feel deeply lonely more than anything. More like there's something sad and solitary there that simultaneously wants to be found and doesn't want to be around anyone. Not threatening at all, but the forlorn feeling can creep up on you.
I really do wonder if that hairless bear/hairy man might've been someone in a ghillie suit
Sorry, too much personal commentary for which I don't have patience Also, dechunkify a bit, it will improve your outdoor breathing
That sinking feeling of realizing *Dennis is gone.* That must’ve been horrifying.
bro all there voices so calming im ab to pass tf out dawg
24:00 a white stick on the right moves. Pay attention and you’ll see it too and i’m like, idk freaking out.
No mention of this guy? A few years after, a ginseng-hunter claimed to have discovered the scattered skeletal remains of a small child in Big Hollow, Tremont. He kept the find to himself until 1985 because of fear that he would be prosecuted for the illegal ginseng. A subsequent search turned up nothing.
Any of my other mountain folks thinking mountain lion?
Y’know, the problem I have with all these spuper spoopy “Missing 411” cases is that in order for them to be superdoopter spoopy you have to make a LOT of assumptions and dismiss the most likely explanations in the interest of preserving the mystery. It’s incentivized. Case in point: 8:50. In the same sentence, dude says that search efforts were hampered by rough terrain and poor weather, and also, “The only reason a kid would head into the brush is if they were scared.” Real sharp “investigator”, this fella.  Like… really? The ONLY reason? I was once a six year old boy myself, and I recall putting myself into quite a number of precarious situations out of curiosity, hyperactivity, boredom, and garden variety dumbassery. I once climbed up a waterfall, just because I wanted to. I could’ve easily slipped on the wet stone, cracked my head, and been washed away before anyone realized what had happened.  People go missing in the wilderness all the time, they always will, and there’s nothing mysterious about how insanely huge Earth is, how dangerous wildlife can be, and how fragile life is. I just hope everyone recognizes that this is merely entertainment. But all these names were also real people once, and it might be more respectful (or at least healthy) to read mystery novels instead.
Me and my family often vacation in gatlinburg, never knew there was such a history. Heck, I recognize a few of those roads. (Because they all look the same)
I grew up in Middle Tennessee. (Murfreesboro specifically) my uncle lived in the sticks and would always warn me about the "cowfoot man" a man with cow feet. Pretty sure he just wanted to scare me but yeah. Had me terrified.
You guys should do more of these! One of the best videos on YouTube.
At some point I was expecting to find out that this was found footage
20:08 "Go on. Say it. Just say it. Say 'Wendigo'."
the kid wondered off and must of got lost. it's really easy to get lost in that type of the terrain.
The pronunciation of Appalachia hurt me so much
Getting roasted for loafers 😂
The likely story is that the truth was found in those three days. The details of which were probably released to the family but not the public. Because if word got out after a search of this scale that it was due to a feral animal, then that'd give the entire nation license to kill them with impunity.
I had to go pee during this video but I was so scared that I’ve been holding it for 30 minutes
there's still a chance for bigfoot if we consider they might be interdimensional
ManBearPig
29:11 _And_ assassinations
Tennessee gang 😎
When your Primary source starts spouting conspiracy theories you might want to find another Primary source
I believe the answer is simple: inter dimensional entities
I enjoy your content a lot, but I have to say.  I’ve watched quite a bit of Lore Lodge, and it seems like he amplifies facts, or ignores things to make the stories more interesting.  There have been multiple times where he describes a case and I’m entranced by it, but as soon as I look into it more it turns out most everything has a very logical explanation
im going to listen to this to fall asleep thank you ❤️!
@26:46 "This is called drip, it's different" this has gotta be one of the funniest things he's ever said
Love these professional feeling type vids wendigoo
"chupacabra...."
Don't come here.
Algorithm dog sit
The family they met there was also the Martin family
huh live literally 50 mins from where this happened ... never heard of this wild man thing, just bigfoot
I love your Giant Torso dear windigoon it matches  your  Giant Brain  humongous   sence  of humor YOU big Gulloot  and also you can play with your sound and camera and such as much as u will they are yours! TOO many tiny minds judging others,too much judgment anyway , wish they could  do something  interesting  but they can't so that's what they do!
My personal belief is that the time that he was alone was more than five minutes, people will often exaggerate time frames like that unintentionally.
Here in Brazil we have legends about big, hairy and smelly men that cause problems to the communities they reside. We call them homeless addicts. The stories told about them are very disturbing.
the unexplainable changing of shirt colour at 11:46
It really does seem like a Bigfoot is responsible.  What the eyewitnesses described sounds like one with Dennis Martin over its shoulder 😢
Not me interpreting one “bear foot” the first time hearing it 💀
These are my favourite videos
I’ve lived in the southeast my whole life . I will not go in the woods alone or unarmed . I’ve seen and heard some of the oddest stuff in the woods . If you think there isn’t stuff out there that stays on the outside of our vision you are sadly mistaken.
There's a reason it's called "the wilderness" and not "the tamed".
You guys going out to the wilderness sites is so informative. 10/10 love this content
I love this video well done 👏 It kept me captivated the entire time 👍
Old Dennis Martin hiding behind them in the bush: I am SO GOOD at hide and seek
Someone get my boy a size Large shirt bc that medium is gonna pop off of him with one strong sneeze
This reminds me of the Blair Witch Trials
The Tennessee Wild Man's call could be a rebel yell. Same with the White Screamer. Either a ghost or an actual line of wild men. Except that doesn't explain the Cherokee story.
What if they just... fucking disappeared and this turned into a found footage video?
It’s so crazy to see these guys investigating things that happened in a town I live ~90 miles from, and have visited hundreds of times in my life.
I think a cougar would easily have gotten him quietly and quickly but I think there would have been evidence of that. Blood or something.
Grown men get lost on a clearly marked trail then question why a child could end up lost on it too.
Maybe they did pull people away from the creek to maintain a crime scene once they realized he was probably dead. They kept looking elsewhere just in case but didn't need hundreds of amateurs contaminating a probable crime scene.
40:00 these descriptions sound awfully lot like something SCP-096 would do
You can evade tracking if you go upriver, and when you exit the creek you get out of the creek at rocky part to hide your footprints.
I agree with most of your other perspectives in your videos but this one just devolved into a bunch of folk tale nonsense...if I had to guess, the father wasn't looking at him for much longer than "a few minutes" and either just didn't know how long he had actually not been paying attention, or just lied to make himself not look as bad. It is very odd that they weren't able to find him with that many people, but if they limited the search area to be super small compared to where he actually could be, it's not that improbable that he just wandered off, got lost, and then maybe got dragged off by a wild animal. I'll admit that the green beret thing is kind of weird, but it's a massive leap to say that they're covering up some folk lore bs. If they really were covering something up, it's probably just what you said about them not wanting to leak to the public that he was killed by some wild animal, which is fairly common considering how some stupid people will immediately go and try to extinct that species.
Nah this setup is on point 🔥
There’s the saying we have out on Vancouver island (one of the largest populations of cougars in the world) that if you’ve seen one cougar you’ve seen a thousand. They are beyond silent and almost invisible. They are also extremely fast and young children and pets are the most frequent targets of them.  I have no doubt in my mind that the kid saw a cougar and it stalked him as he ran away from it. High chance he got so scared he could scream and just started running away from it. It most likely eventually found him and got him. As for the missing shoe, I’d bet the kid started going into the river and something normal like a rock got into his shoe and he took it off to get it out and dropped it in the river. Cougars also go for the throat of their victims so it’s entirely possible when it did get him there was no scream.  I’ve been within a 100 feet of a cougar screaming at me (look up a cougar screaming if you want to be terrified, it sounds like a woman being murdered) and still couldn’t see it. I’m just lucky I was with my buddy and we were two big 22 year olds. Be careful in the woods. Never be alone and never be silent. Don’t go hiking if you hear of recent animal related deaths. Know what animals sound like and look for prints. Please stay safe.
The only thing i want to know is: that shirt is green or blue?
YOOO I’m like an hour from Gatlinburg lmao
haha 69
Hi! Middle Tennessean here. The "Tennessee Wild Man" is something I wasn't too familiar with, however after hearing about it's description, it shares a striking resemblance to something my mother saw a while back in the Christiana area. It was around the 90's or early 2000's she and another person saw whatever it was during the daytime. She said it was "walking through a field, with big steps" and "was about 10 feet tall". It's pretty cool to see Wendigoon and Lore Lodge bring this up though! I have my doubts it's real, but there are some strange occurrences around the Appalachians!
When Wendigoon said "as close in the bush as we are to eachother right now" that kinda put it in perspective to me. I've heard this story before but seeing it in front of me, how would Doug not see his brother get snatched? It would have to be a split-second thing; I'm guessing dad looked at Doug when he came out, and Doug making his way out of the bush would take his vision off his brother, it would most likely have been right then, when Doug is still close and dad is still technically looking in that direction. 5 year olds are still very clumsy, and if Dennis had run off, the whole damn forest could've heard him, with all that brush. If he had been snatched by a predator, it would've weighed MORE than him, and so definitely left prints, if Dennis left prints.
2023 Feb 12
Out of all these 411 cases I rarely hear about the possibility of the Park employees being involved. As terrible as it sounds sick individuals will get jobs at places that give them access to potential targets.  Sometimes the answer is right in front of them.  Maybe?
After filming stopped, Wendigoon wandered up a flight of stairs he found in the woods and was never seen again...
BRO STOPP ITS DARK IN MY ROOM UR SCARING ME
God missing 411 stuff is such bullshit, a kid dies and people sell books about supernatural shit going on with basically 0 evidence. It's disgusting
The most dangerous thing in an American national park is the American in the park
The tunnel honks are so Gatlinburg.
Humans are both primates and apes. Apes are a type of primate and humans are a type of ape.
Love the Aidens! Happy to check out your content as well now! Thank you for making a really cool video, and thank you for going out on site to check it out!
I'm surprised at the lack of discussion about the potential for it to have been related to a rogue military soldier who took and killed a kid - that would go a fair way to explaining how and why it happened (kidnap), why the green berets went radio silent (protecting their own), why a discovery wouldn't be publicised (Vietnam wasn't a popular topic for the army in 1969), and even potentially point to someone with a ghillie suit as an explanation for the "hairy guy" seen running on the ridge
It's funny to me wendigoon talked about this case. My friends and I were talking about it a few days ago and us all being the superstitious nerds we are jokingly said "maybe it was a wendigo?"  Points why we thought this: 1. The couple said they saw a strange heary creature that seemed bearlike walking up right and carying something. 2. The way the boy disappeared almost instantly seems supernatural and wendigos are able to change the woods and affect perception to get what the want, perhaps grabbing the kid and just bending the woods to get out of sight instantly. 3. The feds hiding information for three days about such a known case is suspicious and may hint at them wanting to cover up something.  Now I don't really think it was a wendigo, but I'm not completely unconvinced it couldn't have been. But I just found it funny we thought it may be a wendigo, and then I see wendigoon had made a video on the case!
Bart, I don't want to alarm you but there may  be a wild man or wild men in the house!
Sorry did someone who believes in bigfoot and alien nonsense just say they don't believe in inbred cannibals?
I've been stewing on this for quite awhile. I know it's been a month, but I have a theory that solves about 2/3 of the mystery.  As others have mentioned caves are everywhere in Tennessee and northern Alabama. We haven't even properly documented them all. I think like other have suggest that after he crossed that stream, he fell into an obscured cave opening.   Something I haven't seen mentioned is just how dangerous it would be to find exactly where his body is, not even mentioning trying to retrieve it. This is a small child, he could have easily fallen in a crack that an adult couldn't fit into.   I think the reason that the investigation went dark is because they either found the body or the general location of the body. They then probably quietly told the family and then kept it a mystery to stop people from trying to get it out. Especially a child corpse, someone either brave or stupid would try it and die.  Leaving bodies where they are is something that happens more than you'd think. Most infamously with mount everest.  Edit: I know it's been like 5 months but I do appreciate the comments <3. I hadn't mentioned it earlier but as someone who was developmentally impaired, I remember multiple times I would walk straight by my mom, cause I was interested in something, and have her freak out cause 'I was just there, and how could he go past me without me seeing'. The reason I didn't really put that in my theory is that the only way we could know for a fact why he had wandered off is from him. Theoretically we could still find the body, if my idea is correct but some things only Dennis would know.
Wendigoon straight up towers over Adien.
wendigoon lookin like a snack the whole vid
No way! My grandfather has told me the exact same story about Tree people when I was younger as well. He told me he learned it from his father, and supposedly ‘my father learned it from his father, who learned it from his father, who learned it from his father’s father’ and so on. It’s interesting seeing somebody else know this story, as I’ve asked around and it seems nobody else really knows it at all. Also, another great video, it’s awesome!
I wonder if when they found the shoe there was more to it and they realised that if they were to find the thing they suspected it was going to very horrific and they didnt want the public, or boy scouts or search teams who maybe werent equiped to deal with what they would have seen...
I kept waiting for something to come out of the woods behind them.
36:59
25:20 they definitely kissed
The dad probably wanted to rub off his kid, does anyone know if they were having money problems? Just kill the mentally challenged/ slow kid that will probably never amount to anything in life.
It’s me I’m the monster that comes out at night.
I got a buddy who's from WV who will swear his life on the existence of inbred cannibals in those mountains and it's far from the weirdest or worst thing I've seen in those mountains myself and I don't go to the mountains but once every 2 years at best so there are inbred cannibals in those mountains and that shit is why I don't go anywhere there without at least 1 of my guns
Some of the details of the Tennessee Wild Man/Wild Men story reminds me of the Hachishakusama urban legend from Japan. She is also a really tall woman with really long hair who makes a deep sound, although hers is said to be a "po" sound. I wonder if there's some connection there, either that humans tend to fear specific details so they can pop up in stories across the globe, or maybe certain areas lend to certain "strange" sightings of similar inspirations for these legends.
I want to run through the woods and giggle while we look for the location a missing 411 victim disappeared :(
My unsubstantiated theory: Green berets or some other military outfit were doing a classified training in those woods, and they accidentally killed the kid. They didn't want it to get out because that would be a PR nightmare, especially during a time with antiwar sentiment being so high. The unrecorded days were the green berets figuring out who fucked up and how, maybe doing a secret court martial, and then closing the case.
So, your video on Lost Tapes recently had me watching the full series.  So I must ask, is it bad that I'm just realizing that you guys are in the Appalachian Mountain range and my mind immediately went to Devil Monkeys?
I'm still watching but, when you guys mention that maybe they found him and just kept quiet except for telling the family, it made me think, they found another child's footprint nearby, maybe they didn't said anything is because it was done by another child
I was so waiting for them to kiss.
Pretty obvious the kid drowned...???
So Al Gore was right about man bear pig.
I literally just finished a Dr. Enuf before this video started, such a refreshing drink
Great video guys! I just stumbled upon both your channels (independently) only a week or two ago and now I stumble onto a video of you too together. So cool! Maybeyour checkout a GoPro or some kind of action camera with anti shake for these adventure videos? I’m envious of your great video quality in your normal videos because I’m forced to film EVERYTHING on my gopro for now which definitely isn’t ideal but it’s great for an action/adventure/fitness channel such as mine and I do mainly stuff like you’re doing in this video. Just a thought 🤷🏼‍♂️ you’re both far more successful than me so maybe I shouldn’t be given advice and asking for it haha keep up the excellent work both of you! Love listening to your videos on my adventures
lmao thats my name
Omg. Amazing top. Where do I buy it?
this video is really making me re-think my wish to move to tennessee lol
Thank you Wendi for putting me onto Dr. Enuf taste great
The size and scope of the search makes me suspicious.  National Guard, Green Berets?  Also, the fact they turned away volunteers. A child is missing and they turned away help? Really?  Seems to me they are hiding something.
My cove?
he looks like the boy in a box, but i dont know if the timelines add up
My friend recently was jogging along the Gatlinburg trail one rainy day recently, being a somewhat rainy day there was not very many other people on the trail. He heard his mother yelling his name near the bridge on the trial, and after continuing to jog along heard it another time a few minutes later and further along on the trail. Since then he refuses to go on the trails alone now.
Damn I wish I knew you were in Gatlinburg, I could have stalked you  ;) I live 10 minutes away from that beautiful city
why does the government not want me to eat meat
I'm new to the channel. Just finished this and the conspiracy theory iceberg video, which was the first of the channel that I watched. (I binged the whole thing last night and finished up this morning)  For the first time in a long time youtube feels like the old days. I've found some good channels the last couple of weeks. Glad to see youtube is letting audiences and content creators find each other with more ease again. Which means more quality content  creators will be inspired, which leads to a better experience for everyone. I also want to add that the camera guy has a natural voice for interviewing. You have a good team, and I'm going to check out their channels.
Love this style of video!
These fellers must not be from the south lol twigs snapping and forest music is heavenly
23:53 “they don’t keep a list of people who go missing in the parks, except for the list that they keep of people who go missing in the pa-“ *ad plays* perfect cutoff omg
Are you sure a creature like BigFOOT wouldn't have left footprints lmao. Yeah, it's not Bigfoot, but the thought of falling into pits and getting stuck in one after shattering your ankles sounds horrible.  Also, keep in mind that every human has the characteristics of an ape...because humans ARE apes. Humans are primates, apes and hominids, they just aren't monkeys. So a Bigfoot would be a non-hominid or even hominid but non-human ape with human-like features, and the Appalachian wildman would be a human with characteristics of other apes, such as excessive hairiness (hypertrichosis) which is a type of atavism. Atavism is the activation of ancestral genes of very very distant ancestors, such as excessive hairiness that existed in early humans and still exists in other apes, a tail which is a feature that started off with the earliest vertebrates, the existence of legs in cetaceans or arms and legs in snakes, and so on. It is very much possible that some man who decided to ditch human society due to the stigma society has for anyone who's deemed "unusual", or due to any other personal reason, actually did it. I mean, we have various humans living out in the woods away from civilisation as we speak. Why not?
Wendi why was your outro filmed in 1972, are you time traveling for work
I cracked the hell up when wendigoon proposed the counter theory "just so we dont get executed" that was so funny and dry
Just my monthly reminder that we are all eagerly awaiting the Giants video.
Speaking of Green Berets and weird things. Please talk about the Giant of Kandahar at some point.
No link in the description lol
Hey Wendigoon! If you have a buttload of Audible credits you're looking to spend on good recs, you should try Tales from the Gas Station. I think based on your videos, it might be up your alley. :)
The Wildman reminds me of a tribe of cannibalistic giants the Paiutes are said to have fought in Nevada. I wonder if they could be the same species or something, maybe some remnants of earlier humans hiding out and terrorizing us today. Weird.
idk why but smth makes me believe that the brother or other kids may have accidentally or maybe purposely did smth to dennis, and when they came clean the family decided not to tell anyone since it was just kids
You are really missing some stuff here. First of all a few of the boys went off in one direction and Dennis went the other way bc he was wearing a red shirt and it was bright and the other boys didn't want it to spoil their plan to surprise their parents. So they went one way and told Dennis to loop around the other way. They showed up but he was never seen again. That's an important detail.
It’s so dope to see Wendigoon do a video of Gatlinburg TN drinking a Dr Enuff 😩🔥🔥🔥  Good Ol Rocky Top! 🍊🍊🍊
I said this on an earlier comment on another video...But SERIOUSLY, who goes on outdoor activities dressed like a 70s porn star???
It makes me happy that Wendigoon liked Dr. Enuff
Great video
as i live in tn, dr enuf is indeed the best drink!
The answer to this case is caves. The Appalachians are Swiss cheese underneath.
Hell yeah! Dr Enuf, my man
Wendigoon X Brandon Herrera video when?
when do they get to the goddamn point
I certainly feel like coyote/fox/cougar could take him with no trace by pulling him into a den
33:18 as an east Tennessee resident, I can confirm that this is true However, we have enough guns for it not to be all that much of a problem
Check out what southforce 10 said happened to him
Such a great video! Love to see more like it!
"hairless bear or hairman running on two legs... Not a good option" yeah no kidding that's very SUB OPTIMAL. Jeez just hearing that and knowing a kids missing scares me
thing as to why, a 6 year old kid with even slight mental disibilities can get distracted easily. I only have fairly mild ADHD and I got lost a few times very easily because i didn't notice my parents leave or got distracted (not there fault, in the instance where my parents left, it was a family holiday's at the zoo, it was really busy, lots of kids, i got distracted by seals). and you wouldn't even call adhd a disability  who knows, maybe the kid heard something, and if the family is there and they think to gibve the kid 5 more minutes play, they would have been chatting, making loud noises, pretty hard to hear stuff far away that the kid may have been closer too, got distracted and went to quickly see what it was  or maybe the kid just saw something like a cool rock, i liked cool rocks as a kid. he had a mental age of a 5 year old as his learning disabilities had his brain acting as if he was a year younger
I'm interested about the brother, I want to hear from him
could you do a video on the lost cosmonauts? the recordings are horrifying, and if true It is the most terrifying thing ever. id like to see a video of you explaining why it's true, why it isn't true, your opinion, explanations for evidence against what you believe. I think it would be a very interesting video
You never made it to Spence Field. Oh my
I've actually been told a story from my teacher about the Tennessee Wild Man. Idk if he was just telling a story or if it really happened, but he told us that he was camping amongst some friends in the mountains when at night they heard a loud scream. He grabbed his gun and walked outside to see a creature he could only describe as tall and black with red eyes. They shot at it, and it ran away, he said. However, he told us another story from one of his friends. They were hunting alone one day when, once again, he heard this sound getting closer and closer. Instead of waiting around to see the creature, he took off for his car. That's why I'll never ever spend the night in the woods in any of the mountains around the U.S.
My mind can’t help but immediately accuse a family member of foul play in cases like these. It’s always easier to believe they did something, and just lied about the nature of the child disappearing, rather than any supernatural or freak accident.  Love this channel and Wendigoon. But this video was a reach for sure. I’m sitting here like… yeah most likely the parents killed the kid, or they are lying about the nature of the disappearance out of guilt for an abduction.
hey if you like cia controversy please do a video about the contras!
"if you're not from the region don't come here you'll die every day" 😂
several wild men in the hills, sounds like the start of a porno
i think the one shoe one barefoot thing might have been his shoe falling off in the creek
New to your channel seen the back room video now the missing 411 so far love them glad your able to give the facts an still keep thing light when needed 😊 50:46
i love these type of videos tbh
“He only looked away 2 minutes at most” Bruh that’s literally all it takes for a child to go missing
Don’t forget the FBI agent in charge of the case committed suicide.  All the best from Pittsburgh
IMO, it's possible the reason the feds searched the other side of the river on their own after seeing the footprints could be concern over civilians finding a horrifying scene, like if they assumed the child drowned, was killed by animals, etc. Same way oftentimes you'll see people like medical examiners telling families (regarding a deceased person) that they won't want to see the body, because the person is so wounded or mutilated that they're grotesque or unrecognizable. A civilian stumbling upon, like, the bloody remains of a kid mauled by an animal could traumatize them, as opposed to special ops who would be better suited to deal with such a thing.
Wendi’s kinda buff 💪
I can see a chance that he got swept away in the river
Great coverage, but as a local the jokes are super offensive when we are working so hard to lift up Appalachia and get away from so many if the negative stereotypes you’re making jokes about. Saying things like “Don’t move here because of incest and cannibals” while coming here to create content on a local tragedy is ugly and cruel.
So as someone who lives in these mountains , as well as near Gatlinburg. I must say that it is a very beautiful place . However there are things that go on here everyday that will never get an explanation . If you decide to visit . Please take necessary supplies if you wish to go hiking on the many trails that we have. Otherwise you'll be just another person who goes missing .
Who shot this video!! Please get a gimbal or another form of stabiliser!!!!!!
This video and going on location reminds me of when a college classmate and I did our senior practicum project. We teamed up and made a documentary on ghosts and legends in the Carolinas (mostly around Spartanburg, SC). We also learned about the Gaffney Strangler of SC. It was really interesting going on location.   If I had someone to go with, I’d be interested in going around some locations in New England near to where I am.
Green berets and the national guard would 100% be in contact with one another. They are both military units under the same DOD. There is not a special line of communication just because you have a green beret
Does that forest have sink holes? Man up in the hills of West Virginia and Ohio there's caves you can barely see that are as big as football stadiums underground and they have small holes leading out everywhere. The people that go missing could fall in a hole that leads to those caves. It's a stretch but a idea.
props to the multi cam intro it really makes me feel like im watching the history channel
Dang, born and raised in East TN 30 min from Gatlinburg and never heard about this. Great job man!
Okay where can I buy dr. Enuf
I love one man. 🤣🖤
I hate cryptids. They scare me.
Love the Dr Enuf shoutout! Great stuff!
Another local sasquache-like creature: The Fouk Monster in Fouk Arkansas. I am from arkansas but not the area, so didn't hear much of it growing up. However when I worked in Miller County for the summer (which includes Fouk), I found put everyone has an opinion on the monster. People of all different ages and educational/career backgrounds believe in the monster. Listening to some of them talk was really cool. One middle aged farmer told me he had never seen it, but he had seen signs of it. Like basic structures being built in the woods overnight and weird sounds. A friend of mine from college is from there and told me he believes he saw the Fouk Monster, and he fully believes in it. A coworker of mine at the time was born and raised in Fouk. She is an older woman, and she claims to have seen it more than once. She also claims that it isn't unfriendly, and just wants to be left alone. She told me the documentary on the Fouk Monster is sensationalized. Some of it is true and some of it is known locally to be a complete lie. She also said everyone in the area hates the Crabtree family because of something relating to the monster, but she didn't go into details.   It's a strange town, many of the people are kind of private and wary of outsiders from my experience, but it's a very cool local legend with a strangely high number of believers.
Wendi I just want you to know that I almost took my life tonight if it wasn’t for your videos keeping my mind clear I wouldn’t be here thank you so much brother
What is this? The Blair Witch Project?
DR. ENUFF IS SO FRICCEN GOOD I HAVE AN EMPTY BOTTLE ON MY DESK WAITING FOR MORE OH GOSH ITS SO GOOD
The creepyness of this video: you can’t defeat me Me, in my dark creep room: I know but he can The blaring theme of Skyrim playing from my tv
Great video Wendigoon! Fantastic work and great to see you working with The Lore Lodge!
Being in the location of the story setting adds soooooo much to these already amazing videos.
I could watch wendigoon hiking footage for like atleast 2 hours
Did they ever comb the creek?
Fucking blair witch scenario this recording is
Yoooooo! Cool to see some YouTubers from Phoenixville
40:00 so... You can murder your family and get caught literally red handed, but you get off because you claim a mysterious creature did it. Holy cow. Getting away will murder was damn easy in the olden days.
Giants did it
It's weird that I've been there so many times I can tell where you're at just by looking at the road lol.
Boys, I think we have found where predator lives.
This happened close to where i live. (i go to Gatlinburg about every other weekend) I've always believed it was wild folk or some creep that took him.
WE WANT MORE MISSING 411
I went to the mountains last year for a week-long vacation, and was so perplexed on the random corpse/rotten meat smell that appeared near the cabin one night. It was around for a good hour 1/2 before disappearing
Pretty surface level/shallow/boring/vague as far as the content about the case itself
It has been well over 50 years but there is nothing funny about this and you shouldn't be joking around.  A family lost a young man, there is nothing funny or silly about this.  You guys are have no class.
wendigoon seemed so douchey In this video what a little diva
11.47 what did doug say?
My mother told me that she believes that North America is cursed in some way, and honestly it isn't that big of a leap considering all of the stories of this place
Watching this i realised that things people do in horror movies are accurate to real life
Had no idea bro was from east TN until I saw the Dr Enuff and decided to look up where he is from. Super cool hes a local
Made the mistake of watching this video to fall asleep. Oh boy was I wrong. I'm a huge consumer of true crime and horror, so I thought this wouldn't get to me in anyway. Cue 15 minutes into the video, imagining all the horrible possibilities out there that could have happened to Dennis, paranoid, laying in bed in the dark looking over my shoulder, heart racing, too tired and intrigued to turn it off. Halfway through the video: half asleep, paralysed with fear, in and out of nightmares, the last thing I thought before I fell asleep was "BURY ME AT MAKEOUT CREEK", The simpsons reference, and it was so horrifying I almost screamed and woke up. But then there was black.   I woke up 12 hours later shaken and impressed. Well done Wendigoon. This video is a masterpiece.
Cherry Dr enough gang where u at?
It’s in the details and the special forces focus on one area then go silent….. yeah okay 👍 👎
I wish I could get some of that beverage
i hope the oddly hairy man and the oddly hairless bear are friends
This beginning is weird. Where are they going? Why?
men offering their first born without consulting their baby mama who had to birth the thing. For shame. [Yes, I call all newborns things. They're just fleshy potato sacks of people that parents are typically attached to to continue the human race  until they're older. Fight me.]
radical vid bro
Interesting
Funny I drove phonexville to Gatlinburg a few years back
Do you think maybe this case opened the door to a case so much bigger, that releasing information about it could have jeopardized what they were beginning to uncover?
This was a sighting of manbearpig I'm cearial
DO ANOTHER ONE!
That’s near where Dolly Parton is from!
The sound of rain at like 11:00 is absolutely beautiful
Great video.  Thanks for bringing this to light as with many others.  ☺️
The wild man is just my uncle jack and i’m offended bc he’s actually a nice guy
new thumbnail ? 👀
i walked through scrub for hours when i was a kid, got lost until i found a town, i must have walked at least 20-40 kms
depressed from no new vids pls upload i don't have a life
I was hoping when wendigoon was standing by the bush he would say "hey, wanna play hide and seek.....or try to scare someone behind this bush....."
Do you think you would ever do a video on the life of Ernest Hemingway? And also maybe a video of the guy who took revenge on a town by going nuts with a bulldozer?
you should talk about the rothschild family and/or the theory of the annunaki
10/10 content
If it wasn't for David Paulides originally bringing this story to light you and tons of other YouTube content creators wouldn't have any content to steal!
why haven’t you posted in a month ????????????
BuzzFeed unsolved vibes, and that's a good thing.
What part of the Appalachian mtns you from?
The Waffle House Has Found Its New Host
when new video??
Not what I thought couldn't stand the being so didn't watch
Can u make a video on Denver airport conspiracy’s whole thing is just weird I doubt things ppl say happen there actually happened/happen but still just murals they have and sculptures and things engraved in tiles is just all so eerie idk just feel like it would be cool
Wendigoon have you heard of the battle for Athens Tennessee??? Great suppressed story in recent history you should look into
Hey if I could recommend. The age 2002-whatevers love the banter. But all the adults think its pseudo intellectual/philosophical bullshit banter. I'm glad y'all had fun but fuck the personalities I watch this channel for the non-info lol. Either way glad y'all had fun.
I got unsure from u 😭
New iceberg series: Do an iceberg for every state in this beautiful country
Wendigoon, will you be my friend?
when theyre driving around in the beguinning it looks alot like scotland! hopefully one day you'll make a video in my home country- theres plenty to talk about lol
I have heard the Dennis Martin story told multiple times by different sources and they're all a little different. You suggested they may have found the boy deceased and decided not to report it? One version of The Story I Heard whether it be true or not is that the father was very distraught very angry with the authorities for not telling him about the siding of the hairy man or bear whatever it was. And I believe they said the father returned to the area to search for his boy on multiple occasions. So if they did find the boy apparently they didn't tell the father either which I find hard to believe. Another thing worth mentioning I don't know if you mentioned it and I just missed it but they met another family there and the other family was also named Martin. And the people that saw the hairy man their last name was key the key family.
I thought you died in a cave?!
He gone
The camera is goofy
This was pretty good, quite enjoyable! Cool hearing about a government coverup of a kid carried off by bigfoot... I mean a missing persons case🤫
17:15 “it would be Ironman”
Really digging this 'into the wilderness with wendigoon' vibe. Huge fan of this new filming style, definitely do more like this!
Well, I’m jealous. Wish I could screw around in a scary wooded area with my friends.
Hi wendigoon Please do a full study in Hellraiser franchise. Im so curious about all of the elements that were used and no source satisfied me.
The Waffle house has found its new host
I hope you enjoyed our mountains
Omg you're  not  far from where I live!! Our Mountains are beautiful
you ok bro ever since this uploaded you lowk disappeared on youtube 🥲
Wendigoon this video is so cool! Absolutely loved it. I'd also love for you to cover the analog horror channel Gilbert Garfield. Please! it's crazy and very well done.
I wonder what happened to him
I’ve been a fan of yours for a while,and I’ve just discovered that you went to the same school I’m currently going to, which makes me love watching your videos even more.
Okay, tomorrow makes one month since his last video was posted. Please tell me Wendigoon hasn't been un-alived in a rogue vampire attack staged by the CIA... or had his entire head eaten by a dog... or was dragged into hollow earth by the Illumanati... or had dirt on the Clinton fami-  *gunshot*
Did you have that dream too
Hey Isaiah, What's large, powerful and starts with G?
Flectarn fan? Very nice shirt.
Holy fuck I’m from west TN and I’ve driven up that road from the beginning of the video
I’ve lived in West Virginia all my life, heard all the stories of the things that go bump in the night, and always felt that a lot of it was just scary folktale but one night leaving work I heard what I thought to be a chimpanzee screaming in the darkness, ever since that night if I’m going outside at night I take a rifle with me because I don’t know what scares me more, a cryptid screaming at me or a chimpanzee let loose in the Appalachian mountains
man I love this video
Tsul 'Kalu. This creature is in cherokee folklore and is also known as the cherokee devil. The reason I bring this up is it is known to have red eyes and be able to posses those who look in its eyes and take them away. when they started describing the wild man and mentioned red eyes this creature instantly jumped in my head. My theory is the boy saw this creature and was taken away this being the reason they couldn’t find him.   edit:okay got to the point where the talked about the cherokee devil my bad
Its honestly SO cool to see you guys work together, I love both of your channels and youre both so fucking intellegent and bouncing ideas off eachother, Id love to sit around a campfire and drink a few beers and just shoot the shit about the universe and the world history etc with yall, please do another collab in the future like this, this one was excellent.
Oio Mr deer skull could ya check out vita Carne it's an intriguing horror prodject by a small YouTube who makes some great body horror stuff
This happened in, basically, my back yard
I love when ya'll collaborate, I found wendigoon through lore lodge
Are you ever going to do a video on the mothman?
I just wanna say that wendi has quickly become one of my favorite YouTubers
Hey wendigoon,  I just recently played Faith The Unholy Trilogy and it made me wonder if that is something you could ever see yourself making a video on? It's a great (3) game(s) but i have to confess that i didn't completely understood everything happening which in turn made me wish for a video from you explaining it.  I really think that it would be right up your alley. Have a beautiful day :)
Love from a Shark3ozero fan!
The green beret thing seems like they wouldn’t have been covering up something sketchy, but literally just searching in the area they were told not to. Their communication stopped after the rangers tracked the kids scent to a creek, saw child’s footprints and then got told to call it off in that area. Seems like they just decided to search that area when told not to.
the minute long segment of just enjoying dr. enough is great
Random chimp event video idea?
He's making a movie y'all, be patient, let him take as long as he needs to make sure that his content is as high quality as it always is ❤️
Can’t go a month without a new wendigoon episode. This is just absurd.
I wish I could put all my lore and occult knowledge to something useful haha, I love this channel and your energy. Definitely one of the best(the best in my personal opinion) thank you for the joy of this channel truly amazing:)
WHERE ARE YOU?
manbearpig
You should make a video on “House of Leaves” it’s an amazing novel that I just know you would love
Wendigoon buddy where you at
My favorite spooky tale comes from my grandfather. It is the story of the side hill grunjun ( pronounced like grunge un) which was a wolf like critter that has two legs of normal length and two legs that were small so it could easily walk on the side of a hill. He also mentioned that if one fell off the hill it would spin in circles at the bottom of the hill until it died
Isn't this the guy that got stuck in that cave in Kentucky????
The Waffle House has found it’s new host
everytime i see you i think you're floyd collins lol
Imagine being the best youtuber on the platform and only having 2.24 million subs, underrated fr fr
The Waffle House has found it's new host.
was learning about the influence of traditional irish music on music in north america, including the appalachians. was cool to hear it mentioned at 45:09
Please Wendigoon, don't go to some potentially dangerous places where people disappeared. Just stay at your home. Watching you just standing in the woods even with other people there was scary enough.
Bro I was raised on dr enuf. You’re my herooooooo. Best shout out ever. Gotta hit up pals and get a fountain dr enuf
Y’all should go across that creek, I’m curious as to what’s in that direction
No way it’s the lorelodge man! And wendigoon! I literally love both of you!
Sometimes if its an animal they might tell the family but will not tell the public out of fear of every idiot with a rifle wanting to go out and get revenge. Suddenly you have ten bears lets say for the sake of argument and no idea if it was the right one that killed the kid.
I wonder if Wendigoon knows he’s going viral on TikTok for making fun of the government
Dr. Enuf is the most incredible beverage I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.
Where is the content dad???
Holy fuck LL and Wendigoon together bahahah thats fuckin aweeesome
There is nothing indicating that the  family said the man seen was carrying anything and it was stated in a newspaper and interviews that it was clearly just a man and he got into a white car. Glad you guys made a cute field trip instead of doing actual research.
The inexplicable case of the missing Wendigoon.
Goon daddy you've done it again.
the way you describe the wild man is the same way people described demons.
Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Dennis?    Denis Denis Dennis?    Denis Denis Dennis?    Denis
I would just like to point out Andre the giant lived in the Sandhills not the mountains my dad grew up around the Hamlet/Rockingham area and saw him all the time.
the waffle house has found its new host
Man I remember the Tsu Calu. That dun be the beast that took Hucklberry
Damn who knew this was really about the disappearance of wendigoon
this man’s beard is divine 11:54
I love the folklore talk
Was just in Cades Cove after Christmas with the snow. Had no idea there were disappearances (I"m there all the time). But I mean, of course there are. I always take on the ghost/murder tours wherever I go. The area really needs more.
The Waffle House has found it’s new host
Sunday school teacher defending his fashion choices as drip is peak humanity.
You should do a video about the story of the original Dead Space. It has so much behind the scenes lore nobody knows about, it seems right up your alley
Dad has a dad bod :D
Bro them walking through leaves and trying to talk is borderline unwatchable
Wendi needs a bigger shirt
Decades later and he's still winning that game of hide n seek.
the park employees/rangers knew of Vietnam vets who lived in multy woods/parks across +states. this is the 1970-90's.. these guys aren't mentally well... having ptsd.  and i think this might not even be the first/last time someone got kidnap by 1 of them. 2, this is during the vietnam war a story of a crazed vietnam kidnapping a boy in a state park wouldnt do well an that would help explain the fbi/rangers.
I would love more of these 411 missing videos!! They are so interesting!
He Wendigoon have you heard of the hartwin archives. It's a good watch.
Are these people rednecks ? I'm asking because I'm French...   edit: man that's too boring... it doesn't deserve the term " Y T documentary" obviously....
It would have been really great to have done this video on the anniversary date of the disappearance.  It would have shown what the foliage looked like more accurately.
I know im late, but i have my own theory, the army pulled a halo kidnapping a 6 year old to raise him as an unstoppable super soldier
I honestly believe it was a feral man that snatched him then knocked him out and took him to some cave then the berets found him horribly mutilated and killed the guy
This is a good video to eat cereal to
Wendigoon post it’s my birthday bro
you need to do a video on vita carnis
theres something so irritating about this
It would be hilarious if one of them went missing and these videos are the last they’ve been seen alive.
The Waffle House Has Found Its New Host
21:07 Manbearpig took him, confirmed.
You both have really puffy forearms.
If you guys are starting to take the act on the road…it’s time to hit the treadmill, get in tip top shape.
Why do i always choose to watch these videos late at night, now I can’t sleep😢
Ffs I can't believe I just noticed you're a *GOON...* Lol, you're you're a team *Wendi Goon.* Just watched your Wako video, and the moment you displayed that PEQ layden, goon stick, surefire and all manner of Gucci goon kit, I felt like an idiot; but my man crush intensified. It's time you embrace who you really are! Free yourself of this creepy lore, SCP content, and embrace the green eyes and thicc thighs. Let's start seeing some genuine Goon content! *ONE OF US.. ONE OF US.. ONE OF US!*  I feel like such an idiot I never noticed.
your clothes blend in very well with the environment, camouflage.
Wendigoon PLEASE do a video on the embassy of heaven. Its a cult like group of people who identify as citizens of heaven. They have their own liscence plates. Passports. They forged a ton of documents and have a lot of home footage of what they do. Really interesting topic id love to see you dive in to
have you looked into William of Norwich and the group responsible? Mary Phagan too
The Waffle House Has Found Its New Host.
The Waffle House found its host
Wendigoon hey bro if you're out of ideas ask your community we will hook you up Maybe do a video on Lost Media maybe a iceberg on it, theres loads of really crazy shit   You can go the route of discovered lost media or the route of still lost media that people are trying to find that is super spooky and has ghosts or murders on it.
nah its just sassy giving them the goods
The Waffle House Has Found Its New Host
Aw i love the lore lodge. I wish they were real :(
Being an Eastern kentuckian that has spent a lot of time camping and backpacking in the appalachians I can confirm that weird stuff happens out there. Most of it is people of course, but some of it is just very odd.   I've been 10 miles out from any trailhead and run into a dude in street clothes with no gear or equipment, not even a flashlight, as the sun is going down, headed the opposite way on the trail where the next shelter site is 5 miles away.   I've had someone pull open the tarp on the opening to a shelter and shine a light in on us at 2AM, not respond when we accosted them, and then by the time we got up and look out there was nothing. Not even any sounds of someone coming or going.   I've seen a lot of other weird stuff. Most of it explainable just by weird people. But as they mentioned it gets super dark out there and the conditions are harsh. Why someone would be skittering around the mountains at 2am poking into shelters and such i don't know but I can't imagine they have good intent. Just glad there were 3 of us and we stay strapped.   Definitely wouldn't recommend going in there overnight by yourself, and definitely recommend being armed. If I ever did go by myself I'd make my camp off the trail and hidden.
What happened to the iceberg video?
If they found the family and told them about it there would almost certainly have been a funeral, even if it was closed casket.
If someone had told me at a young age that I would be listening to a Sunday school teacher discuss things like this I wouldn' have believed. . We grow in ways we cant imagine..  Windigoon lead me to take a look at the Bible in a spitual way I stead of as literature.  He may not * preach* in the traditional way , but his influence is far reaching.
They found a giants finger near the pyramids look it up
That's wild lol I went to spring Ford in rofo 😅
I'm glad you got a chance to see the Great Smokey Mountains. Not only am I from this region, but I've spent about 20 years camping and hiking and exploring the wilderness of this area. I've never seen a cryptid of any kind (that I'm aware of) but I've definitely heard some weird stuff after dark that freaked me out, such as the *knocking* you mentioned. My grandmother was also Cherokee, so I also grew up with stories of hairy wild people in the mountains. I've only been solo hiking ONE TIME in these mountains, and I will never do it again. Nothing unusual happened at all, but the entire time I could not shake this overwhelming sensation that I was in danger. I decided to cut my hike short and return home after less than 2 miles. I've seen plenty of black bears and cougars, but I never really felt like my life was in danger, more like "Oh great, I guess we're doing this today." But that one solo hike made me fear for my life in a way I still don't quite understand. I find that as I grow older I have a lot more love and respect for the place I call home, and the mysterious and almost magical beauty that lives here as well.
Audible aka the best sponsor and one of the only ones I actually use. As well as nord vpn
Love the tv show style camera and documentary. It’s all great
Almost a month since his last video. Is this guy still alive, I hope his boys on the tracks video hasn't finally caught up to him.
Once upon a time, Isaiah Nichols from the YouTube channel "Wendigoon" met Mikael Gorbachev, the former President of the Soviet Union. They struck up a conversation and Isaiah mentioned his love for ghost riding the whip, a car stunt where the driver gets out of the moving car and dance around it.  Mikael was intrigued by this and asked Isaiah to show him. Isaiah, being the daredevil he is, immediately agreed. They got into Isaiah's car and drove to a deserted parking lot. Isaiah turned on his favorite song and got out of the car, while Mikael watched in amazement as Isaiah danced around the moving car.  Mikael, feeling a rush of adrenaline, decided to give it a try. Isaiah helped him out of the car and taught him the moves. Mikael, being a bit rusty at first, soon got the hang of it and was ghost riding the whip like a pro. They rode around the parking lot for hours, laughing and having a great time.  As the night came to an end, Mikael thanked Isaiah for showing him such a unique and exciting experience. From that day on, Mikael and Isaiah became great friends, and the former President of the Soviet Union even made an appearance in one of Isaiah's YouTube videos, ghost riding the whip.  The end. Please remember that ghost riding the whip is a dangerous and illegal activity, it's not something to be imitated in real life.
You should a a Demonology video
The Waffle House has found it's new host.
I enjoy this other individual
Growing up in the smokies (western nc part) there are things in these mountains that will always be unexplained. Could be a mountain lion. Could be something we can’t even comprehend. That’s between God and these mountains. But rest in peace to this little boy. Whatever happened to him
Does anyone know the songs used in the video? I’d love to use them for my dnd campaigns
Do Asha Degree next
This video was absolutely great. Love the extra effort you put into thoose videos.
we're so lucky to live in a universe with Wendigoon
Your suspiciously clean.
I love that everytime the camera changed his shirt does too
Currently binging your entire channel, just thought you should know that your videos are produced with fairly high quality and very well done delivery.  Very much appreciate the content bro, keep it going ♥
I’d like to see a Wendigoon video on the Russell Crowe movie “Noah”. It’s definitely an interesting interpretation.
Is there some official way to recomend a series tp look at or is that something for the business email
You should review the Lismore Outtakes
Dig the found footage format, lol 👌
I love the fact the redneck/city slicker dichotomy with Wendigoon and the lore lodge guys
He hasn’t uploaded in quite a while after this video 🤔
man its been a hot minute since ive had a dr enuff !!! they're so good but i could only get them at like one specific food city unless i wanted to drive towards oak ridge
Ehy wendigoon, have you heard about vita carnis?
It honestly seemed to me like the authorities had more evidence than they released, keeping it out of the media in an attempt to prevent false leads and minimize suspects knowing they're being suspected.
Now I want Wendigoon to make a video on obscure cryptids. I could listen to hours of that.
I don't think it was anything supernatural, as I personally don't believe in that kind of stuff, but even the most "natural" explanation is still horrifying and depressing.  A 6 year old boy died alone and was (allegedly) never found. Rest easy Dennis
As a Tennessean, I can confirm that we do have to ward off incestuous cannibal men, though it's better once you get more to the bigger cities. We make a game of it though, sometimes hunting them through the woods. After each hunt, all of the adults take a shot for every cannibal they killed and the kids get two pieces of candy.
can you do a video about kudzutheautisticraccoon
Hey homie. I’ve been a long time fan of yours and was just wondering if you could do an in depth video on the Bohemian Grove. Seems like a super fun topic. Just please watch out for FBI assassins.
Lotta history on that mountain....
Hi wendigooonn please to Paradise Regain I'd love to hear it!
Have you considered doing an implicit bias test? Harvard Implicit Bias Test.
Hey wendigoon, have you ever heard of the “Human Meat Project?” I just learned about it and would love if you did a video on the deep diving behind the company
Have to give Dennis the credit, he manage to scare their parents alright 🤣🤣
Thanks. The lore sent me and I’m staying
Have you thought about doing a video on the Koreatown riots in Los Angeles 1992? That'd be really cool.
Wendi finally got Epstein shit…….
the government finally got wendigoon
I'm new to the channel and I want to know, what's the deal with giants?
I think Joe pedo Biden did it.
this video legit fells like a blair witch film
26:53 you saying he didn't have drip? what if sasquatch just wanted his Jordan's
finding out you play tarkov made my day lol hell ya
it was 1969, the parents did it.
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah!  Can you please look into the clown from the Amazing World of Gumball theories?!
Wendigoon you need to do a video about Andrew Dawson, he may very well have caught footage of a giant. He also mysteriously died right after.
Personally, this all appears very simple to me. Dennys hid, his father couldnt find him,either cause he didnt look right or Dennys hid to well. Adults get scared and look for him, but slighy slow 6 year old Dennys thinks its still part of the game and keeps hiding. Eventually the adults go away, either to get help or cause they gave up. Dennys eventually reizes everyone went away. The game ended and instead of picking him up, just left. He wanders off, looses a shoe or takes it off at some point, ends up at the river/stream, might drink, might not, and keeps going. Eventually he falls into somewhere, a hole, a river, a pond, or he simply succumps to the elements. Propably he's in some sort of shelter, so underneath or inside something. But the 6 year old doesnt survive. Search and rescue of course cant find him. The footprints are either missed at first, or found and thought to be a boyscout's and thus ignored. To cover his ass the ranger sais it cant be Denny's cause his father said so.  And the radiosilence from the greenhats, or whatever they are called, is not them searching silently. Its them gathering up their stuff and prepairing to leave.  A simple short loss of visuals, and a belief in the child that the hiding game is still going on, cost the life of Dennys. Simple as that.
U need to do a Neon Genesis Evangelion video bro!
i live in philly, phoenixville isn't super far away. i've been meaning to head out that way to visit a spot called gamers heaven.
This in mind a finnish folk legend about forest's blanket (metsämpeitto). It's a phenomenon where the forest sort of captures the person in it for hours at a time even without the person being able to get out of the forest and the forest becoming more and more foreign even if the individual was familiar with the forest
A big part of me just really hopes that the final moments of young Dennis' life were not too dreadful for the poor little guy. No child should ever have to die alone and scared 😥
Can you make a video about Faith The Unholy Trinity ?
This is like the Blair Witch Project if just nothing went wrong
My theory is the greens found the body malled by an animal and felt it necessary to not tell the family because of the brutality of the situation.
The only thing I didn’t like about this video is how brave Wendigoon seemed. I need him to be equally scared when talking about monsters in the night so I feel less alone
Now these hills have tall hairy wild men with cameras.
Bro get Aidan back on again, he's funny.
I watch all of your ads and sponsors because of respect
Did you say phoenixville Pennsylvania? Well, hello from Douglassville Pennsylvania.
Who even confirmed he was behind the bush with his brother? Someone killed him most likely the dad for some reason or on accident and pretended he was back there, he threw the son in the river and the footprints were his, thats why he was sure it was bigger, mud/water made it scale smaller, noone thinks of it in this aspect
ok green burets are much different than "just gorilla warfare cool guys" they are probably more so killers today than they were then
i listened to the previous 411 video on spotify at work and had to watch this one
Is Wendi so obsessed with giants because he’s half giant?
I watched another video of a missing boy smilar story to this he got separated from his dad in the wilderness tried to cross a creek and ended up in the water wedged under a rock or rocks so the searchers missed him I can’t remember exactly.I’m not familiar with that local areas streams or creeks but would it be possible the same happened to him as the dogs lost his sent at the creek ? Maybe I’m picturing a creek completely wrong tho
I miss the old wendigoon💔
I was watching the north Hollywood shootout video and I realized you look like Brandon Herrera’s brother. He’s a YouTuber also. Actually he’s a guntuber.
Based
the campfire portions of this video were so dam cozy. We need more campfire story time
41:16
You've done videos on other analog horror, could you do one on the Walten Files? That would be amazing!!
I love your shirt
What if he fell in the river and then in to the ocean?
Do you plan on covering the murder of junko furuta, its pretty disturbing but might or might not be something you could cover
I’m just waiting for the giant video
Why does this look like that Logan Paul forest video?
FATHER come back to us we miss you
As regards missing persons generally (and not just this poor boy, Dennis Martin) do the police in the States ever engage the services of "psychics" ? Officially - from a scientific point of view - such persons' services are worth "diddley squat" - nevertheless - here in Europe - one occasionally hears of the police having recourse to psychics - possibly never publicly acknowledging that to be the case. Personally (assuming there is "anything in psychical powers"), I would hope such a person - claiming to have those powers - would never seek monetary payment - to have such a wonderful gift should put oneself above money ???
bro probably just got taken by a big bird
You are homeless.
I swear this guy is Mac from its always sunny
Have you ever heard of Happy Tree Friends? It was an early childhood memory of mine. I was born nov 2000 and I was pretty young when I watched it.
Here is what I think....  I think the presence of green berets sets the tone for what likely happened, IMO a serviceman probably was either suffering from PTSD or attempting to escape justice, they decided to walk into the hills and disappear.   For whatever reason, whether they were discovered by Dennis or they had some sort of mental incident, they took the boy.  I will not postulate further on that point.   I think the special forces were sent in there on an S&D for that guy, and they will never reveal what they were sent to do or what they found of Dennis.
I don't really know why, but this video scared the hell out of me - and it wasn't the "ape-men" part, it was the part about Dennis' disappearance.  It's just so unlikely for this (a child disappearing in front of so many people's eyes) to happen and it did! The pain of his family, specially brother and father, must have been huge. I do believe the theories that say the  Green Berets found something classified . And hope that they informed his family and that, somehow, they felt at least a little better for having some closure.
shoutout dr enuf ledgendry product placement
I recently just watched your 9 hour iceberg video as well as that devil video, your videos are so cool and facinating bro
i have a video idea: sundown towns. there's a lot throughout the south where basically a shit ton of black people (and anyone that doesn't look like the stereotypical "pure, white, nuclear family") go missing or are murdered and are covered up. there's one in texas named Vidor and I think it'd be really cool to hear about the conspiracies (specifically yours lol) throughout the towns.
I hate to say this because you're truly an inspiration, and your videos are phenomenal. But, I'd like to at least say my piece for the sake of having an opinion out there.  I prefer the presentation of your typical videos.  Because they're so consistent, the only thing changing except for your shirt, my autistic brain is just like "Why is it different?" Makes me sound like a dick when I actually read it out loud, but that's not my intention. I love your stuff! Super chill dude, unless giants get brought up.
As someone from Tennessee, I can confirm that you will be eaten be lice and inbred cannibals if you try to move here without making the proper offerings to the Smoky's.
You say "whenever" to much, you can just use "when"  the majority of the time. I know it's southern vernacular but it just really bugs me.
Glad you enjoyed what I'd say is essentially my backyard! Cades Cove is a very short drive from where I live and I absolutely love living here.
he went into the backrooms
Definitely more videos in this style wendigoon really enjoying the episodes in the field
I came across your channel from the Some Ordinary Podcast and just wanted to show some appreciation. You were easily my favorite guest on the podcast and brought a lot to the table. The amount of work you put in on your channel is incredible and you've definitely gained a big fan.
YAAAAYYY
keep it up, this was a great video
The colder the Dr. Enuf, the better it tastes. Have y'all had Ale-8, too?
Even non paranormal , it makes no sense, that at first there would be a normal search with everyone involved, and then somewhere threw a missing persons case there like hey gang let’s split up , like why if we’re all looking for the same child are we splitting up and then telling everyone they can not search the same spot that they are looking in for whatever reason , like that just seems like something else is going on it dosent have to even be supernatural could it be a serial killer the government has been searching for or any other thing like could there have been a secret lab or toxic waste dump they didn’t want anyone to know about that the kid fell into or other but bottem line it makes no sense why they would split up when they have the same goal it’s public woods I believe so anyone can search anywhere multiple adults some maybe armed in case of animals or other , it just doesn’t make sense especially with out documenting the last 3 days while still searching that makes it so much more suspicious and I feel so much for that father never knowing what happened to his child that family will always be haunted by this event and worst part is some people know what actually happened or may be involved but they can’t tell anyone because it’s there job or to not be in jail but it’s terrible  If they told the family by now it would have came out wether it’s the family or they finally published it or a whistle blower ect
Can confirm that dr enuff is extremely good. If you’re passing through East TN you should definitely get one haha
I think the most likely explanation is either some predator like a cougar got a hold of him, leaving behind some pretty gruesome remains, or he fell in some kind of sinkhole that was impossible to find.
Did yall see that doc on bigfoot where the guy put tracker in food, then tracked them to a pile of shit. Scientists tested the poo to find unknown hominid dna. They were ok with saying that it could be a family or community of unknown feral humans, but not ok with saying it could be bigfoot
Sentient mushrooms releasing hallucinogenic spores that make people wander and go crazy
I think in a place like that anything could have happened to him. Maybe he drowned or fell in somewhere, the mystery is what terrifies people to the core. Maybe one day they'll find some bones but they won't be able to say what really happened to him.
MISSING 411 is David Paulides’ series!!!!!   WHERE THE FUCK IS HIS CREDIT?!?!?!!!
I hope you do a video about the Michigan Dogman at some point.
And oh yeah who is Kayla I know she was there LOL
Brother I've been watching you for years I love the amount of work and commitment you put into each subject very impressive but best editing job was during the story about the mental case who had those haunted houses can't remember his name but they were like torture chambers yeah yeah in the middle of your video dog was on the bed behind you and you cut to a close up of him yawning LOL awesome so awesome keep up the good work lots of friends here in New England for you take care
Are U alive or did u "exit game"? Lmao
It was obviously SCP-1000
Lizard people kidnapped Dennis Martin, took him into their cave, and ate him.
Wendigoon, you need to read this:   “Whenever” refers to a vague event. “At whatever time; on whatever occasion”  You are using it to mean “when”. As in “the one specific time this exact event took place”  It’s extremely distracting and at times even confusing that you use whenever to refer to a specific event. It makes many of us really dislike listening to you talk.  You have over 2 million subs, it’s the least you could do for all Two Million of them to learn how to speak your native language.
What if a dwarf took him? They could be small enough to not be noticed by the adults or if noticed could've been assumed to be Dennis from a distance. It could also explain the shoe prints being larger than Dennis's but smaller than an adult's. I don't know how they would run away so fast though. Maybe it was just a cave in.
after this video, both of them have definitely been put on a list by the fbi
Do a story on Edgar Allen Poe
I found a guy that looks like a more caveman like Wendigoon and I can’t unsee it his channel is soupygarbagejuice
You should do a video on Alvin Ross and Guillermo Novo
I need more of this style of video from Wendi. It was interesting to watch and i believe you guys had a great time while making this video.  Thank you for such a great video. BYeeee!!!
i love myself some big sweaty hunkin men hiking and shit
BROOO, I WATCHED THIS VIDEO WHEN YOU FIRST RELEASED IT BUT IM COMING BACK RIGHT NOW TO SEE IF YOU SEE THAT GUY WHO RECORDED THE ALLEGED GIANT AND THEN GOT MURDERED?!?!?
I need more wendigoon vlogs
“This is called drip, it’s different “😂😂
Bruh why is your ad read ungraded
Watching at 4am. Real cozy
Wendi I love you to death but holy shit if you dont get a dji mount im gonna fake a reddit conspiracy
shirt is to tight
mans dripping in sweat 21-22 min in
When i die, i a going to ask him what happened, imagine the people who are/have asked
Weird theory — they found him during that 3 day gap and held the information because they’ve been studying him ever since in order to find out how his 6 year old self could survive out there … basically a lab rat
"Why would you wear loafers?" Pans down to Wendi's loafers 💀
26:06 He then looked up, passion in his eyes, sweat on his brow. " Goon... I love you"  Shocked that Lore had held similar feelings to his own,  Goon responded. "I too, love me" Both smiling ear to ear, proud at this moment of mutual love declared, they held hands talking about their pride toward Wendigoons content, and his bright future. They retired the night of body searching and ghost stories with a dinner at a local restaurant, enjoying the local cuisine and eachothers company. Discussing their next adventure.   Sorry :t
My theory is that the Tsul Kalu was actually a clan of Vikings that decided to remain in North America after Vinland was abandoned, eventually settling on Cherokee-occupied territory. I mean think about it, it makes sense, we know for a fact the Vikings had been here, they were great hunters, and Viking ancestors were proficient hunters of reindeer. Being Scandinavian they would be taller and much hairier than your average Cherokee, and, before they had any contact with other Europeans the Vikings might've looked like giant hairy monsters. But eventually, through cross-breeding with the local Cherokees they were absorbed culturally and genetically. Or they might have been killed off, The Cherokee have other, similar stories, such as the Moon-Eyed People, who were white-skinned, bearded invaders that they repelled. And there's evidence of stone-built walls around Appalachia, which might just be natural rock formations, or might be evidence of the Vikings who were much more adept in the use of masonry in their constructions. Don't take me seriously btw, I'm high as a kite XD
Do one on dudley town in conneticut
Did they ever ask his brother who was with him at the bush questions?
The most terrifying part of this story is you guys' navigation skills
I feel like he could have fell into the river and got swept down stream, idk if they get into this later in the video
I tried going to the campsite last year but took a wrong turn at the top of a ridge. My wife was already bored so I didn't turn around.
I was told growing up that he was eaten by boars after having an accident by the creek in cades cove. If I knew y’all were in my town I’d have been scouring downtown and the trails 😂 I’ve been following both of your channels for a while now! Man the stories me and my friends and family have from growing up in these mountains… never just stepped straight into the river tho…
Unrelated to this video but I'm enthralled by wendigoon and his content. I just stumbled across "void files" a channel on YT please check it out!
Kid def fell in a cave or something and the foliage is covering it. I was thinking animal but no way they dont draw blood. Weird how Doug was next to him but didnt see anything. Kind of suspicious.
22:00
LMAO at 9:00, talk about Chad Windigoon and virgin LoreLodge.  Haha it must be the cameras angle or them being farther/closer to it.  Cuz ‘Goon lookin like he touches the basketball rims in gym class without jumping to establish dominance.
Obi Wan voice: “that’s… why I’m here.”   This video is great, the story is tragic but the video does have some good humerus bits.
Monument mythos season 2 when????
My guess is this:  The Green Berets took a week off in those woods. Hiking, ass slapping, every day which is why nothing was recorded. Couple guys are going up in a helicopter, rest of the crew does a little hiking, swimming, and had nothing to report.  The FBI sits on their hands and investigates whether or not anyone in the family had a motive to kill the boy. Which they didn’t so they probably just fucked off. No body, no crime.   You are thinking bear but it could have just of easily been a buck. When the food is small and defenseless a lot of animals won’t blink at getting an easy meal. A cougar could have easily taken that boy up the mountain a lot faster than anyone could scale one and then you say the berets were on the south side of the creek.   Just some things to think about.
You are shooting in Slog which is good. But then you don’t edit the color which is bad.
This guy has not read the Missing 411 report on this case, as evidenced by the speculation about the Martin family. The FBI didn't secretly inform the family, in fact, they withheld information after promising to keep the family informed. Dennis' parents never really recovered from his disappearance, or the betrayal of their trust by the FBI.
Lore Lodge guy seems like he does this because he believes it / its a passion for him., super genuine dude. Wendigoon does it because its fun / gets good views and seems to kinda not really believe the whole lot of it, rather just run with it lol.
16:07 when I heard bare foot, I initially heard “bear foot” and thought of a different ending to this story
I would love to see you do a video about the voynich manuscript. It is fascinating
That footprint is the part that really gets me about this. Your child is missing and the dogs seem to be on their trail. Their search ends at a creek where there are child footprints. You're gonna turn around all because the footprints look a little too big? Besides, this is something any ranger in search and rescue should know; footprints very often look bigger than the actual foot of what left it. It's pretty much the first thing they tell you when you're learning how to identify footprints. There's no way they just turned around and looked somewhere else. The special forces were very much looking for something that National Parks thought wasn't within their jurisdiction or skill to handle. They had to have reason to believe that some kind of crime had taken place. Either nothing was ever found or they only released gruesome info privately. This story is so scary in so many real ways.
You should go squatching
GIMBAL
My Wendigoon Youtooz finally arrived, I am now on the CIA watchlist :) what a time to be alive
Day 6 asking for vita carnis
Love the colabs
Green Berets found the guy who had killed him. Then they took care of said killer…slowly. Look up MACVSOG
Great work, I love these "different" and exploration like videos. Fun to see a collab as well. The amount of work behind these big videos shows, good luck with everything for the future!
Great video.  While you say you are comfortable and experienced in the woods-aren’t you worried that one of you guys will go missing? 😬 Some  of the folks who go missing in the woods are quite experienced in those areas.  I love the outdoors, and grew up tromping through the Forest Hill area with my Dad.  Now, I’m very nervous to go out to that area-I’d for sure go missing.  I get lost in a paper bag.  I’m easy bait for whatever is out there.  And your fear of the Ocean is rational; once you get in it, you become part of the food chain.  The ocean is still a beautiful place though.  Keep up with the videos!! 😆👍
Bear man. Sounds like a Sasquatch to me if that is to be believed.
I really enjoyed this video, but I also enjoyed seeing you having fun and making new friends and jokes! Keep doing that on top of the great job you do!
love the collab
Pretty sure I just gotta crack a 24 pack of natty lights with the Wildman to get him on our side
bro that guy switches shirts every take
My husband and I hiked and did outback camping for the past 20yrs in the Smokeys with and without our dogs. Rarely stayed on the trails to camp. It's not that bad if you bring the right equipment.  This is interesting though.
Ok in regards to the mountain lion theory :  Coguars aren't the biggest predators in north america , and they have little chances against either a bear or wolves ,  So they tend to eat the organs of their preys , the most nutritius part , and be kind of ready to leave their prey as it would attract other larger predators to the area ,   So if a cougar took the child and ate it , the commotion caused by 25 adult men with dogs snooping around would have likely pushed the coguar to leave the body and hot foot it out of there , it's even kind of unlikely that it dragged off it's prey since cougars wouldn't do that ...
Hello. There's a very interesting video series called Punitive Psychiatry. It's a series of two animated shorts by Jakiv Burov that is absolutely manic and profound. It's very explicit on it's subject matter, but it offers a brutal and unflinching look at monsters and how reality can be warped by trauma. The first one is easy to find, but the second one is almost scrubbed from the internet. That being said, I have both and can send them if you'd like .
POV: these are the actual people who the "national treasure" movie series was based on.
Grade your final shot!
Ayo wendigoon, I know I'm a little late but you should totally check out this series called Vita Carina. It's extremely interesting and is similar to some of the other series you've gone over.
With the missing 411 series exposing us to the multitude of disappearances in National Parks. I think there are way more than we know. Good job I really enjoyed the commentary.
liked the video content, but that shaky camera work was really bad to look at, it made me a little nausius and I ended up putting another screen in front of the video to just listen to the audio. If you are looking for any imput, please use an anti-shaking filter/camera function or something for us with more sentivive eyes and nerve systems.
Every time I hear these stories I think they sound like neanderthal or pre hominid beings. I believe mr Lloyd Pye (rip) was on to something.  Perhaps they steal people in order to breed and keep their number up as there must only be a handful of them at most.
Ok hear me out everyone or Wendigoon (hopefully… maybe?) But i think it would be so cool if he did a breakdown of a junji  ito iceberg ? Or a horror manga/anime iceberg? He does them so well.
Hey, Wendigoon! The most recent videos, (the last two) I didn’t like as much as your other videos. I appreciate you branching out, and trying new formats, but I enjoyed your format the way it was. I guess you could call me “afraid of change”, and I’d accept that 100%. I like you, in your office, giving us a clear run down of what happened. A lot of the things that I like about you and your channel were missing in the last couple videos. Not intending to talk them down at all, I like that you’re getting into some new possibilities. I just miss the original format! It is important. Either way, I’m always happy to watch anything new that you’ve put out.
If he had been found dead. There would have been a death certificate. It takes 7 years to legally be presumed dead.
Look I just want to point out that your videos are awesome I all ways have them on in the background when I drive or at work  please keep up the good work and thank you for all the entertainment and information you provide  I been subscribed to your channel since the first time  I found one of your  videos
more missing 411 pls
Been a fan for a long time! You absolutely need to write a book called "Things such as" and it just be a collection of your favorite conspiracy theories/stories you have covered on the channel.
Here in Alabama we have the Alabama white thing. I know the name is dumb.
33:57 Wendigoon has the same stare as elvis the alien. Just thought that was funny.
Hi, thanks! It’d be great if you could pull the veil on the music industry. Once people are exposed as frauds or puppets, the populous might seek something with creativity and substance.
boratt
It sounds like they really pulled out all the stops for this one missing boy. But why? So many people that go missing and are rarely appointed such intense searches so why is this one? 🤔 they were definitely something deeper going on. Monster hunting is my suspicion
Ok this might be a bit controversial, but while this style of video does look nice, i found that the video feels more tiring and harder to focus on. maybe leave this format for special videos?
Sounds like the a glimmer man case. Crazy stuff going on in the woods of national parks and forests
Fae Folk culture is big in ireland
Is it just me or does wendigoon look like julian from trailer park boys in this vid
huh, somehow I was unsubbed from this channel.
I have to theorize that the kid wandered to the creek, lost a shoe in it, tried to get it, and drowned. Which again is awful but that is the most rational thing to me.
where is the nixonverse review
for every day wendigoon doesn't upload, the stalker movie grows closer.
That kid straight up slipped into the backrooms
What if Dennis was found but an accident happened and one of the green berets caused his death in some way or another? Leading to there not being communication or locating dennis
Wendigoon is an attractive man
The first section of this video is really the Blair witch project vibes. Just people wondering around the Forrest aimlessly
You can FOIA the national park for this information. Yeah, they might fight it, but if you can get it in front of a judge, they'll have to release it.
people seem to forget that smaller humans have an *easier* time slipping through brush
The music in the background was a good choice, really added to the stories. Good job guys.
Hey Wendigoon! The video was extremely interesting and very informative! I have a question though… what happened to Sunday Study’s? As a Christian myself I thought it was really interesting, and got me even more interested in the Bible! Will you ever do another?
You *NEED* to do more irl content This was so cool to watch 😊
Couldn’t it be possible that the family did in the kid and lied about the events leading up to his disappearance.
bm 7:40
Lmao follow the path
I have a hard time believing that a father would not want to explore EVERY footprint.  Anything in the ballpark.  That's weird 😕 I think that may be untrue.  If it isn't,  I would find it suspicious 🤔
DR ENUF IS THE BEST AND NO ONE CAN TELL ME OTHERWISE
I love the campfire cut scenes! Adds the perfect spooky campfire-story touch🙌🏻
two bozos
SKUNK APES
It feels so weird to see wendigoon get so high quality amlnd gather more and more people
Okay but.... anyone else swooning over Wendigoon's nice upper arms? And dad bod in general? Very handsome, distinguished gentleman.
I love this chaotic team, definitely entertaining.
EXPLAIN THE GREAT NORDIC BIKER WAR
Candidly, these videos where you're not sitting in front of the camera are so unnerving
Day 5 of asking for vita carnis
Wendigoon! I would kill to hear your thoughts on All Tomorrows- one of the most horrifying pieces of literature I’ve ever heard!!
Can you please do a disturbing books iceberg comp. Please! ♡
i feel like a boze & wendigoon collab would be amazing
I’ve done a solo backpacking trip in the smokies the past few years as a retreat (I carry a weapon). It gets incredibly dark at night and the forest is quite loud. It’s very spooky but the beauty of it keeps me coming back. Videos like this make me second guess haha.
Hey man, love your stuff. Can you pls make a Video on Operation high Jump and admiral Bird? I would do the Research myself, But it wouldn‘t be half as entertaining as watching papa wendigoon explaining it to me while Casting his meme-magic.
My personal theory is he got got by a bobcat and taken into a tree which is why he wasn't found. People would have to look inside the trees to find him
Please do a video on the Uncanny Valley
Brooo u good ??? There’s an audio of you on TikTok that’s popular rn
Someone HAS to be lying. The parents either is lying about seeing him within a couple minutes and had been paying no attention for a long time or they have something to do with it I mean it’s just weird he would disappear like that with not a sign at all. Somebody knows something
please more missing 411 videos
me watching this living in McNairy county
Ah man I love Gatlinburg
Rough editing during the fireside section
32:43 Green Berets and FBI Agents vs Monsters from the Backhills
Yo do a cryptid iceberg or something about cryptids, I’ve grown up loving crytids and would love to hear what you have to say about them and hear about some obscure ones
this video just  sparked a memory of when I was 10 and went to a wooded park (definitely  not as big as this one though) with my family and I wandered off and got lost. i was crying so hard that other people managed to find me from another trail, so 1000% that kid didn't just wander off - even if he did there Is a million percent chance they would have found him due to him being FIVE years old and most definitely probably crying
There is a ARG that came out a few months ago called KEY ARCHIVES  that I recommend checking out
Hey cool Video. Check out Darian Quilloy. The contents seems right up your alley
Bro y’all dumb asf did you two even do enough research? Or just wiki’d it lol. If you knew anything you’d know that the family was kept in the dark the whole freakin time. And the dad was mad asf and had to do his own search. He even went to the news and they kept denying him and tried to keep it hush hush. So stop spreading fake news and obviously fake af non believable theories like “oh they probably did find him and just told the family??” Yes that’s definitely it lol. That makes sense right ?!😮 it’s not like they would ever let the public know if he was actually found.  Especially after all these years am I right ?? Don’t worry he was found and the dad knew all this time. That’s why he kept begging the media to showcase the story. Despite already having him buried. Nah, it’s cool keep looking for Dennis. Right windegoon? Great theory fat asz
I'm not a local and I've never hiked there, but Cade's Cove has changed astronomically in the last few years due to a massive fire that burned down most of the area. I may be wrong, but I think I remember Cade's Cove getting hit pretty hard.
my main question is if this is lewis and clark, who is lewis and who is clark and who is the native guide?
Ok, please don't take my comment as if I'm complaining, or hating in any way. This is more of an observation. How language is very fluid and is used very differently in places, apparently even in the same country. I'm honestly fascinated by this. That being said, allow me to get to it. Your use of the word "whenever" instead of just "when" is curious to me. I've binge watched countless videos, (I've become a huge fan, literally overnight) and I haven't heard the word "when" not once. I would love to know your definitions of "whenever" and "when" Are they any different than mine? Do you use it in this way because it's how your family uses it? Or is it a geographical thing? Etc. I'm not saying you're using it incorrectly, not at all. Only different than what I'm used to. Language is something that's constantly changing and shifting, and I find it fascinating. I know, I already said this.  P.S.  If you see this, please do not change your speak! I absolutely love your language. And your videos. Thank you for sharing the things you learn with the world.
very impressive the lore lodge guy ( not sure on his name) knows all this without looking at notes
@Aiden  I'm sure this isn't the first time you've heard this but you look just like that wizard kid from Harry Potter.
wonderful location
day 1 of me requesting u doing a review of the setting sun by osamu dazai
Omg I’m from right near phoenixville!
🚨 🚨 Hey if anyone here has Twitter or a way to reach Wendigoon, pls let him know that a channel called “ProjectLand” has stolen entire videos from him and reuploaded them and is receiving ad funds from it. Pls someone let him know cause the person is also stealing entire videos from other content creators as well!
OMG I remember where I've seen you before, you're that man trapped in the cave in the 1920s
Great video even though Aidan  is a douchebag yet glad he didnt have any dumb snarking comments and wasnt as annoying.
I love how near the end it's just "Yea SCP-1000 stole your kid. L i guess"
My fathers name is Clyde
Subscribed
This video is like watching the retired field agent taking the new guy from research and development into the field for the first time. Loved the vid!
The  conspiracy stuff never makes sense considering they let continue to search the area. It would be easier to present the body with a probable explanation if you want to cover something up.
Okay, did you know there are D.U.M.B.s all over the U.S. and they all connect via a train system? Yeah, I tried telling this to the Missing 411 guy, 4 years ago, and he would not listen to me. I told him, I bet the missing people are being taken into the DUMBs where, and I bet you never heard if this before, but giants/nephilim and demons live. Yeah, our U.S. government has been working with them since at least the 1940s. President Eisenhower made a pact with these demons to take our animals and humans, for their technology. Seriously, I am not joking and Eisenhower talked with Val "Valient" Thor and the other non-humans (who looked like humans above ground. Remember that movie "They Live"..it was a documentary.. I made a video on the DUMBs and show all the names and coordinates of them, but my video is not on this platform.
cover gilbert garfield
This is evil   Today is the day of salvation come to the loving savior Today repent and do not go to hell Come to Jesus Christ today   Jesus Christ is only way to heaven  Repent and follow him today seek his heart Jesus Christ can fill the emptiness he can fill the void  Heaven and hell is real cone to the loving savior today  Today is the day of salvation tomorrow might be to late come to the loving savior today   John 3:16-21   16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.  Mark 1.15  15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.  Hebrews 11:6 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Jesus
26:51
Such a shame that wendigoon died of freezing temperatures and a bobcat took his head and dumped it 69 miles away in a river
i think it's interesting how there's a tendency to see suspicious or malicious intent from government groups rather than incompetence. I honestly think it's much more likely that there was a botched investigation and bureaucratic stupidity instead of a conspiracy, especially since there were soo many random volunteers and different groups involved. interesting video tho!! I love cryptids
Actually he was 6 days before his 7th birthday, not 5 years old as said in the video. Schoolboy already.
How many squirrels DO you think you could take? With and without weapon.
There are cougars and black cougars (panthers) in the Shenandoah Valley area of the Appalachians.  I personally saw a cougar back in the 70s, and my uncle saw a panther near Ivy, Virginia (Piedmont Valley, just the other side of us) in the 80s.  We know a man who works for Game and Wildlife, and he refuses to hear any stories about such animals.  He finally admitted that, for the most part, these cats don't interact with humans, going after coyotes, racoons, and such.  But if there's one that's hungry, or feeding cubs, a young child is easy prey.  The same reason they don't admit these animals exist - they don't want hunters destroying them.
Day 4 of asking for vita carnis
Tube sock killer?
Why would there be 70ish Green Berets to help a child when they already had National Guard and the other volunteers? Why would all of those GBs go radio silent when everyone else turned away from that poont?  It could be that this kid's disappearance has more to do with a situation either  from government creation or something in spite of them that the public wasn't ready for. I think the kid was an unwanted casualty in whatever went down over there, and I think the GBs were not there to help find him. I think they were there to track down/capture/neutralize whatever caused him to disappear.
I wonder if they found him in those three days they went radio silent and covered it up because whatever they found was too graphic or would ruin the image of the park
Is there anywhere we can send you fainmail
Every now and then, the earth opens its jaws wide and swallows someone whole.
Omg wendigoon, I think that if you are interested you should totally do a video on the daisy brown series if you haven’t already! It is pretty awesome in my opinion.
all this talk about Appalachia is making me think about fallout 76
Wander
While I can appreciate you going to the actual place where things transpired, I honestly would have preferred if you told us the story first and then showcased the places. I usually am able to listen to your videos since they are usually long, but in this case I had to skip it because I could take at the interruption from your co-host.   Thx man :)
Damn, the whole time they were telling stories by the fire I kind of expected a red-eyed silhouette to appear behind them :/
David Paulides is a legend his 411 books  just amazing , was about to see the missing 411 ufo connection doc  and spotted 411 on this channel had to watch also 🙂 canam missing project is davids channel , really enjoyed this video great story telling guys 👌
The strangest thing about the whole situation is, assuming Dennis is dead, is that there's no corpse found.
10/10 love the vid
good video
Hi
Being with Wendigoon is like the nicest hostage situation ever. Because, by affiliation alone, you're already on the same government lists as Wendigoon.
this is the best video you’ve ever made
Doug killed him its obvious, look in the bush
2 weeks without an upload. I’m waiting with baited breath.
Love the idea of ​​going on location!
You should definitely do more videos like this with aiden for sure
Hold the phone, even if they found his body and just informed the family, there should be a death certificate with the death date for around the search date.  Has anyone ever looked for a death certificate?  Has he ever been declared dead?
Hey there’s a few TikTok channels using your content. You should probably take control of that just in case it could end up more lucrative for you. Keep up the good work!!!!
Great video.  I love stories like this from the south.
I don’t fully trust the brother in this
wendigoon you HAVE to do another vid on the monument mythos please im begging 🙏
theres a huge risk here of mystifying and obfuscating a crime and drumming up unwarrented intrigue that will cause a lot of difficulty in the future. you encourage the wrong types of attitudes. people who have no business prying in matters will suddenly feel compelled to pry, like its a fun game or interactive tv show. this 'missing 411' needs to be handled with extreme care, and you have a responsibility to NOT turn reality into your personal fiction, favouring sensationalism over logical strategies. this has already happened and bad faith actors use missing people to sell books with no intention of improving conditions and strategies. one look at the comments and its clear this is already happening. please consult someone before making more videos like this or you risk performing unethical practices. i couldnt even watch it, it made me sick to see you extracting content from the world in this way. i think its awful
I live near there! It’s so weird to see him drive down roads I’ve gone down a million times
Where's Mr. Ballen? Hmmmm             idk
Wendigoon is so cool I wish he would invite me into his goon cave
@wendigoon Please please PLEASE do a video on anything involving lakes or freshwater bodies I feel like it's an something not a lot of people talk about or there just isn't enough material on it
The pan down to the wood loafers had me crying. 🤣
The count of st. Germain is a man who is been suspected to be alive for centuries as he has no record of family and holds detailed knowledge of many subjects such a history, multiple languages, and more.   Just another video suggestion
Best crossover
Hairless bear are often confused with "pig men". When a bear has mange it looks like a two-legged pig or a pig-man. There are legends about it and when you compare the picture of a bear with mange with the description of a pig-man, it's a nice fit.
Hey wendigoon I want to check out the vita carnis video, it's quite interesting and worth checking out
Really? You are acting like a bunch of giggling girls.. What a waste of time, and the ad's are obnoxious! Use patrion if you need to generate funds. I use premium to AVOID ads, and is also why I don't watch tv. Yet here you giggling guys are destroying why people go to the internet to begin with! AVOIDING COMMERCIALS !!
That hike footage is what “boys will be boys” should mean because it’s incredibly wholesome
What about a shout out to the creator of Missing 411, Dave Paulidas? He did the research for you and I believe it does have a Trademark. At least Copyright!
In 1969 we were still in rhe height of the veitnam war. At this point too SOG forces are in full operation in Cambodia and Laos. A good possibility SOG was practicing snatch missions and it went horribly wrong, or the kid saw something he wasn't supposed to see and was unalived over it
I honestly believe there’s something supernatural going on in the woods/national parks, not just in America but the entire world. When nature is allowed to grow and not be disturbed by mankind it thrives. There’s so much similar folklore around the world and I don’t think it’s just a coincidence.
Please do the disappearance of Jim Thompson
nice
👍
I WAS WAITING FOR THIS!!!!! I love your content and also cant wait for the stalker movie!!!!
If you do your research, cougars and jaguars and fucking terrifying. They’re fast, they’re quiet, and they can climb a tree before you can even blink, as well as able to leap over 25 feat in one bound.. Don’t fuck with animals.
YOOO COULD WE GET A VIDEO ON RYKER WEBB YOU WOULD BE PERFECT TO COVER THAT WACKO CASE
Hey man I know this is a long shot but there a very interesting tiktoker that would like to talk to you, and give you some of his story’s. He goes by the name of kudzutheracoon.
it was giants
I think it’s wrong to speculate that the *only* reason Dennis could have run off is he was scared. If you put yourself in that position, a little kid with no regard for safety or consequences along with the giddy adrenaline of hiding to scare someone, it’s fair to say there could be countless reasons he could have snuck off. Perhaps he thought he could hide better further in, maybe he saw or heard something like an animal and wanted to follow it.. it seems more plausible to me than him being scared or something, seeing as kids often cry and run towards parents rather than away when they are frightened? I could be wrong but that’s just my thinking.
That's because there's an off the books C.I.A. black site in those mountains.  P.s. I've left a code in this message. I will use that code for the next indeterminate amount of time in all of my posts. The moment I don't, for any who care, I am gone.
Loved every minute of it!  Keep up the good informative, interesting work.
The chemistry.... 😬
Isn’t there a true story of a teenaged girl going missing in the woods and she was taken by a man who lived in those woods? Or there was a movie about that? Idk it seems like it happened for real or it was a movie. I can’t remember as it was many years ago. Not sure where it took place either. But I find this story sad and interesting all at the same time.  ❤️💜💚
What i think most likely happened is that the footprints they found in the creek was the kid's, he probably just wandered off and most likely some animal brutally killed him, not wanting to reveal the terrible news to the public, they maybe just told the parents what had happened. How hasn't his brother told something about this story to ANYONE? It would make sense if the police told them what had happened privately, meaning the brother didn't need to tell anyone what had happened.
The kid probably got into an accident and got killed. The family trying to hide it,.
this is a like a podcast but effort was put into it
Don't you think that with all the heat detection system that helicopters use to detect a lost person,  That no one would see one of the hairy big foot running through the trees??
he actually only owns 1 print button up shirt sewn out of octopus skin and it changes its pattern whenever there is nobody looking
i live in canada, i have never seen dr enuf :(  is it good?  oh, and amazing video!!
does anyone else not like this “in the field” style
Here's a few other details I read earlier - * Dennis was sent to hide further away by the kids because he wore a conspicuous red t shirt which was hard to hide * A man in a light colored car was seen by a witness below the location at the field, leaving the area. * More recently a skull was found at a further away remote location, long buried in layers of leaf litter. by an (illegal) herb hunter who wished to be anonymous. This lead to a hypothesis that a man, described as middle aged, abducted him ( say by offering him a ride back to his folks), s-a'd him, (or intended to) and then killed him or dumped him in a place from which he did not know how to return. Also, David Paulides said Dennis's father said a ranger approached him to tell him some things, such as that an official in charge of investigations at a range of parks told him that searching for the "man or bear" seen by other visitors at that time would not be done because it was too far away (it was not). . And that there were feral fur wearing humans who lived not far from there and when confronted by him/other rangers had threatened them with a knife.
It looks like your grandfather told his story to make sure you never were kidnaped, a bit higher than a man, like any adult is to a small boy, offer you gifts, like saying he has candy or toys and he will give them to you, and, well, kidnaping kids ya know
Finding him as a small YouTuber and seeing him blow up has on here and TikTok has been a great experience
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate how Wendigoon’s production quality has improved over time. Seeing it go from decent to very professional over time has been really cool. I’ll love continuing to see you grow as a content creator!
I recently described Wendigoon to my family during Thanksgiving when the subject of influencers came up, the best I could do was "a sweet Southern Belle who talks about monstrosities" and I stand by it.
The snow ⛄️ man ate him bro
I feel like a lot of this comes from people not realizing how humanoid bears can act. They can walk on two legs on occasion, and can be quite smart at times. I wouldn’t be surprised if most, if not all of these stories are just bears in the dark.
I had a dream where they found your body under a bridge and it lead to the down fall of the government
I know a lot of comments are discussing that there are just "common reasons" things like this happen like slipping into water and being carried away by a current or sinking into undetectable mud holes covered by leaves etc but just bc there are those kinds of possible factors in SOME 411 cases, I think it's careless to dismiss that there is the completely realistic possibly of cryptozoology and supernatural forces.   Doesn't have to mean Bigfoot and aliens, although absence of evidence is NOT evidence of absence, but things like confusion or hallucinations due to geographic effects esp considering things like recent weather events, granite fields, and nearby sources of water all seem to be abnormally frequent pieces of the puzzle.   As cocky as we are as humans we don't know everything and science/the planet teaches us new things every day. It used to be rediculous that Earth wasn't the center of the universe, that giant squids existed, and that space travel was possible.   100yrs from now if things like these disappearances are explainable bc of newly verifiable things or newly declassified information (bc why is the FBI showing up to missing persons cases from time to time and why the forest service "doesn't" keep a list and makes it so difficult to gain access to) it'll be interesting to know what odd and terrifying but cool and amazing secrets there still are to explore in our world.
Does wendi reply back to his fans tho!!!
Holy crap! A fireside story! Wendi is really spoiling us.  I was really really hoping that you were gonna say dr.enough when you brought up the sponsor.
Hi, I just start watching your channel today and I love it, I am a new horror content creator and Im only 14 but I just love what you cover.
Love this!!
Hey man I love your content but this has to be the worst thing I watched this week having to wait minutes until the adverts were over
Congrat on the 2mil man
I can confirm the brush there is really difficult to walk through. I hiked a less popular trail in Cades Cove last spring right after a storm. Even the trail was hard to walk on with downed trees and frequent rivers that didn’t have bridges. But when crossing some of those rivers, I went up/down stream to tree trucks to cross without getting wet, and navigating off trail was horribly difficult.
The stairs got him
In the pines...in the pines...where the sun don't ever shine....
Here’s a reminder that Native people live in the present tense. Cherokee people are still here and their stories and traditions are still alive. Relegating Native people to the past allows settlers to ignore ongoing anti-Native genocide and oppression.
I really hope we get more videos like this in the future. Wendi in the Wild featuring Friends :D
I just found and subscribed. I think @wendigoon is now my favorite go to channel! One of your videos popped up while I was watching some other true crime stories. I'm so glad it did. You do an excellent job at researching and telling the story of the subject matter down to even the smallest detail. I just wanted to say thank you for what you do and the effort that you put into this.
Please don't use this style of editing, keep it clean, nice music, straight talk it's so satisfying please don't go mainstream!
Wendi, theres a channel called project land stealing your videos. Posting them in full
My initial intuition says one of the Berets did it and, being 1969, elected to keep their records empty to prevent there being any way to implicate the guy once he came clean
Im sorry but I just can’t concentrate on the topic when both of them just wandering around. I am just used to Wendi sitting and talking to us like it’s a video lecture from an online university
Wendigoon looks like that Jesus head from regular show. The 🎸 guy with just a head and limbs
this video is giving me buzzfeed unsolved vibes
Wonder about what story the other kids had, they were with him behind the bush?
I have lived here all my life black bears will take things up trees and stronger than people think doubt a mnt lion very very rare sight or fell into a dead man's hole a hole in a cave roof or underground creek many random holes were I live and u can hear water runnin in some or old well cave ins my house sits on a 100+ ft empty well could fall in any day
So where do I find this shirt?
Why is your face always slightly out of focus? Also... American folklore series coming in the near future? 😉
Love that y’all talked abt cherokee legends I’m a native my self from Cherokee and I rarely see people talk about Cherokee legends. Just thought that was cool :)
btw niceb ushb bro
mz name name
Lore lodge is such a garbage channel.
so are we gonna get something on the new jfk files???
I’m surprised you actually got the guy who kidnapped dennis to record with you
I'm a big fan of your stuff but how could you not give David Paulides credit for bringing the majority of these cases to light? I mean, you even used his tag "missing 411".
wendigoon how do you feel about your voice trending on tiktok
I loved this format. Very interesting.
so in bad weather, with a shifting creek bed and hundreds of people around messing with the bush and disturbing everything its surprising the dogs lost the scent at the creek? this is pretty explainable, negligence
Ngl weirdly upset 😭 idk why but expected them to find the kid or have some visage of an answer as to his disappearance . . Good video that aside
As a rock climber I have to say this: don’t discount a kid’s upper body strength. Comp kids can climb harder problems than I can because of their upper body strength:weight ratio. Just figured I’d give that perspective
"The woods are nice, but they're not kind" if that's not the realest shit I've ever heard
keith activated creative mode
The Borat, "very nice" killed me. 😂😂😂
My great uncle was a green beret and lives in Northern Michigan. He has no issue with us roaming the woods with bear, wolves,  and big cats, but every once and a while he'd tell us not to go out. He never explained why. He would explain if there were reports of meth heads or something, but occasionally he'd just get this look and tell us to stay out of the trees. He once mentioned the fae folk while drinking, and that his great grandpa was one of them.  He was also the sheriff of the town he lives in.  My grandma on the other side who was ojibwe would talk of stories of beautiful people who would appear and tempt people, usually children, to follow them into the woods.
Bruh id shit my pants if i was walking down a trail and just saw wendigoon
The missing 411 is a cash grab scam started by Paulides. Please stop spreading his misinformation.
I wanted to hear wendigoon telling stories, not the adventures of a bunch of nobodies.
My local fire department has drone with an IR camera to help find hot spots in fires, but they also have used it to find a missing person who got swept down the river. It's a shame they didn't have this technology back then
WOOOOOO!!! YEAAAH BABYYYY! THAT’S WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR, THAT’S WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT, WOOOOOOO!!
This was such a cool video, love the idea of going on location!
Completely unrelated to this but i want a divine comedy type series but for the bible.
Nice video
In my country, we never see anyone alone in the mountains, and mostly my father, that have been a muntainman for all his life, always tell me to go at least with other people to the mountains, at least one more, and that is extremley easy to get lost and die, we have a lot of respect for the mountains and trhe sea in my family
Oh and just FYI you can be held legally liable for advertising fake and false products such as Established Titles
I have to say I just found your channel courtesy of GG, the very second video I watch you had a sponsor for a scam company Established Titles, it is obvious you don't care about your viewers as the ad is still on the video even after being made aware thru comments that not only is it a scam but it is also illegal to sell plots of land in that manner in Scotland...... basically all you care about is the cash grab, as soon as I followed I am unfollowing.....
d0oD where that F$&@ ARE YOU?!? Plz come back and save the Internet.
Your videographer sucks. Just get a gimbal and the footage will look a lot better
Wendigoon You should check out vita carnis it's a alternate reality documentary series, really interesting universe
43:06 YouTubers….the modern day troglodytes
Happy 2023 New Years 🥺😞 Wendigoon''
No bc I’m watching this instead of going to bed and this case happened 30 minutes from my house
My heart skipped a beat when I saw the Dr Enuf at 1:59! They’re so bad for you lol. Even the “herbal” version of the soda has tons of sugar in it, but I still grab a case when I’m not feeling so hot. It was originally made to mix with whiskey/shine. Never tried it together, but it explains all the herbs! The history behind the beverage itself is an interesting read. Totally worth trying if you’re into that sort of thing.
I watch YouTube. I use Google Chrome. Be the first to score a sponsorship from Google Play Books.
It was really tough to get into this one with the intro
Getting windigo vibes
its giving the blair witch project
been here for a good while. really fw this video style, keep it up.
Disgusting what you did
Completely unrelated but you kinda look like young Sheldon grown up and with a beard
Saw you in the lore lodge video and got so excited, jumping between both to get the best picture of things.
This format really doesnt work.  It feels like a travel vlog rather than a video discussing the disappearance of a child. Way too.much joking about for a video about a missing child bordering on disrespectful
This entire video sounds like they described the plot of a goosebumps book
i mean this in the best way possible, you look like white (?) markiplier.
Bristol native, it’s always so fun to see you explore these local things I grew up hearing about or just simple heard about otherwise. Everything down here is so ridiculed bc we are all “dumb hillbillies” to the rest of the country lolz Dr Enuff is supreme btw I miss it terribly
great video keep up the great content
I do really like this series. Also on another note I think it would be awesome to pick wendigoons and the lore lodges brains on different folklore between the Midwest and Appalachia. As well as how it varies between my religion and theirs (mine being Asatru) in understanding
Maybe his dad was if Squimpus’ William Afton was a good dad. He knows his son so well (down to the shoe size) that if there’s anything slightly different, he’s gonna notice. But then again they didn’t even know what shoes he was wearing. And even if he was kidnapped by a homicidal diet Bigfoot, that would make quite a bit of noise, and how could you miss a seven foot man
Hey mr goon ever wanted to meet your doppelgänger? Cause that would be me. I swear we could be brothers. All of my coworkers and family members tell me all the time that I look like you.
Sam and Dean if they were trying to prove that monsters exist instead of having the kill them.
Wendigooner
ngl wendi is quite the handsome guy
Look at the map of cave systems in the USA vs the Missing 411 cases...either people are falling through the ground or the cave people from The Descent are to blame.
Am i tripping i thought wendigoon just posted a new video? I got notification and everything. Now im sad
Bro the green people told the rangers that the dad said that it wasn’t the right shoe size so the wouldn’t check past the river
Amazing video, but please don’t use the word “slow” to describe any developmental delays or disabilities. I love this channel so I’m not being a Karen, i am autistic myself and work with children with disabilities of all kinds. I vow to advocate for all these children. Just saying what he said to start with was enough. However Amazing adventure and this is a comment of judgment just education ❤
There's always something weird with shoes in these missing 411 cases!
Wendigoon got the catholic school boy shoes
Jo Wendigoon, where are moer SCP videos?!
You should cover The Sun Vanished!!
By the way the video was going with them wondering around in the woods aimlessly I figured that they would all become missing 411 cases lmao😂
As someone who lives in the area and goes to this location relatively often, this was surreal to watch
Love your videos Wendigoon. However, this was not your best work. You usually manage to uncover so many interesting details and include them in your stories, and that seemed to be lacking in this one.  There is a lot more to the Dennis Martin case. But I’m thinking that might not have been the point of this video, but moreso to discuss the other legends of this region.
This Blair witch reboot fucking slaps
Love the Missing 411 content! Would love to see more!🖤
That was a cool skeleton in the background, looked like a child's. Why the fk would green barets hide existence of big foot 😂
Union hall
Erwin gang
That kid should have watched whatifalthist, the althist would be that he's not missing
Whatifalthist brought me here
I mean, I'm a big true crime listener and researcher, and this all sounds like a natural accidental death. The kid was 6 years old and neurodivergent, the family assuming he wouldn't stray too far or wouldn't do x, y, z is frankly irresponsible. He needed a more watchful eye, as unfortunate as it is to say. I also find it odd that his father was so sure the shoe print wasn't Dennis's because of its size, considering prints in mud or soft dirt can make the appearance of a larger print. It's like his father didn't want to admit his son was gone because of his lack of attentiveness.  The older brother was the last one seen with him, what did he have to say? Where did he see Dennis go? Did he? The most dependable actors in this story, in my eyes, are those scent trailing dogs. They found physical evidence of Dennis being in that creek. It seems the most likely story here is that Dennis wandered off, went into the creek for whatever reason that kids do things, then fell or simply got pulled downstream and drowned.
Hey Wendigoon what do you think about doing some video about admiral Richard E. Byrd and his stuff I think it would suit well to your channel
This channel is so good
My man has got the Flecktarn drip.
At a family reunion one year (we go on camping trips) I got lost (just like this while playing hide and seek with kids from my family there with me) and kept walking through the woods showing up in other campsites and shit for multiple hours, finally walked back into my campsite and nobody knew I was gone, the kids didn't say anything, and my family all figured I was with somebody else, and all it really takes is 1 of the 10 family members with false memory/bad sense of time (very common especially when on vacation/camping where you don't have a schedule) saying "I just saw him" or "he was just with me 20 minutes ago" to change the story entirely, it could've been the kids that didn't want to be blamed that said it (they could even not be intentionally lying), could be some family member who gets the kids mixed up, or is older with bad memory thinking they were with me very recently, and I could be missing and with the search happening with misinformation.
It sounds like they definitely believed it was a police matter, and decided 250+ people was maybe too much if trying to catch someone, or something to do with evidence and keeping it private. Maybe they did find him but it being a crime scene didn't want 250+ people, and as they discussed the family didn't want people to know.
The do not enter sign is for cars to show it's a 1 way nerds
Ive never wanted a content creator to succeed more than wendigoon. Ive been watching for so long and your videos have stayed so consistently quality and fun. So much love
unus annus but make it wendigoon and lore lodge
Should make merch
7:30 kinda starts
I always forget that Wendigoon lives in my neck of the woods, and I’m always shocked when he mentions the area. As far as the Dr. Enuf sponsorship, I bet he could write the office in Elizabethton. They sponsor my HS and TCAT.
Hey wendigoon, huge fan could you please review the Andrew dawson story? Another 411 and it feels sketch something you might be in to
One time I was out in western Texas and me and my cousins were walking and riding bikes on a trail. We realized it was almost night so we headed back to our grandmothers house (where we were staying). On the way as a joke I said there was a dark tall man past the fence line to scare my younger cousins, most didn't believe me but an older cousin said he saw it too, I thought he was playing along so I acted scared and said we had to get back, (we were in viewing range of the house at this point) so we started quickly walking back. When we eventually got back my cousin, the one who I thought was playing along, came up to me and said he actually saw something out there. I haven't asked him about it since so it might not be true but it's still a creepy thing. BTW we now call it the coyote man and we try to scare every new family member to believing the mystery of the coyote man
Maybe something horrific happened to the kid and they couldn't release it to the public, but unlikely
Two people I wish I could hang out with
If wendigoon ever goes missing we know why
This is in my opinion the most terrifying missing persons case ever! Especially the army showing up and promptly leaving
It was the boojum
Mfer despawned
How high are you, wendi?😂
“supernatural entities beyond our comprehension” nope. beyond YOUR comprehension. i get it tho
I wonder if there's a state without a "bigfoot" version. Even in jersey we have "O'l Red Eye"
Amazing video thanks man
This reminds me of buzzfeed unsolved
AAHHHHH not ur camera man pointing at ur loafers
eeehhh is his shirt blue or green?
eeehhh is his shirt blue or green?
So the report about the man seeing a figure with something thrown over their shoulder is misreported that man has always stated he did see a disheveled man in the woods but he had clothes on and that he got in a car and left so that man still could had something to do with it but he did not see him with anything over his shoulder
its a wedigo
I live right outside the Smokey mountains in Bryson city and it makes me feel so silly that the windigoon was so close
Am I the only one who ABSOLUTELY loves this video style? It gives a sort of professional documentary. It’s so cool!!! ❤❤❤
This video convinced me to order a 24 pack of dr enuf from Amazon
Me and the boys going to document missing kids hahahah
I'm 6:42 through the video, and this is *extremely* random, but as a kid, I thought that Lewison Clarke was one guy. Most people in my town (including me) had stranger names.
1:00 actually did a drive veeeerry similar to this in early October. It sucked, I know your guys’ pain. 12 hours all together
So... when's the trip to the Bermuda Triangle....?
Yooo wendigoon with the tiktok wendigo guy!!
Missed your last 2 vids. Had to turn notifications on. Let me find out👀
Modern day tribe of sawney beans living in Appalachia.
"this says Do Not Enter, but I would really like to enter". I've seen enough low budget horror movies to know where this is going.
I love East Tennessee but those woods at night are dark and eerily ominous I was just at a cabin in Sevierville and was amazed how dark it was at night
Unlike grizzly bear attacks (which are mostly surprise encounters), 90% of black bear attacks are predator prey encounters. And getting lost is even more common. Watch yourself out there, my friends.
I’m not a youtuber, but I’m confused why they didn’t just film again a different day when they could make it all the way to the actual location or cut  the footage of their original plan instead of setting the audience up for disappointment.
I just saw that you’re a TikTok sound now!! So cool 😊 it’s called “wendigoon is a cool dude”
Makes me think the dad or the green berets/FBI were involved/knew something.
Beautiful video and mind blowing and
I can't help but wonder if cases like these are results of small holes that open up above cave systems. The thick foliage would hide them decently well
apparently our minds are very similar. ilke everything you do. I think that anyone with a curious mind and a penchant for the macabre would love your videos. each one has kept my attention to the very end.
Wondering how I didn't know this video came out..... omg have I not been subscribed this whole time?
i hadnt watched wendigoon in a while i didnt think i would like the new type of videos hes been doing i just dont like change, but watching this n this is amazing i will spend all day catching up
To me, it seems like they didn't want a family member or some random civilian to find Dennis. I think they assumed his body would be in such a poor state that they wanted to protect the public by making sure a professional found him. Since this was so long ago, I wonder if they did find something but thought it would be better not to tell the family. Like if he had been totally picked apart by animals and they didn't want his parents to see him like that.
Wendibabe❤️😘
is Dr Enuf like Ski?
I wonder if to start Dennis was in the general vicinity, but he just didn't reply. It was mentioned he had some developmental issues. If this is so (and given the time period) he could have had undiagnosed autism.  It is common for young children with autism to not respond to their own names. I also think what happened was a leaf trap/hole covered in mud dirt etc, is what made him go missing.
big fan of the wendigoon buzzfeed unsolved era lol. cannot wait to see what else the exploration covers until the untimely disappearance hits the news
Is it possible to make a video about the history of the CIA?
Anyone else never get his videos on YouTube despite being subscribed? Always have to check in to see if he posted
he went to the upside down.
I used to stay out in a cabin in Gatlinsburg and snowboard it was beautiful I miss it
My idea he fell into a sinkhole or some sort of hole
my favorite Collab ever
I’m glad y’all had fun but I prefer Wendi tellin us stories not some other dude tellin him a story and Wendi chiming in. I don’t like the bros hangin road trip vibes.
Yo a tier list of kings in the Bible would be dope.
Now talk about biblical demons since you talked about angelology
Dude this is so fucking cool. Your best video by far
I hate these 411 stories. The parents said he was gone no more than 5 minutes, bs, he couldn't have climbed up these slopes bs. Have you watched little boys? Do you remember being one? Have you gone to a public place and observed parents let their toddler run into a parking lot? There's no mystery.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍😊👍
My dude  looks like zelenski
Wendigoon and Lore Lodge: how can someone go missing out of nowhere in the middle of the woods?????  Wendigoon and Lore Lodge: *spend half an hour completely lost in those same woods*
Would have been funny if someone when missing on the trip to film about someone going missing
dont care didnt ask, make more shootout videos
It sounds like what the woman from the story at 39:00 saw as a sun bear tbh--like those things are literally just men in bear suits. Idk if sun bears r local to that region though, but anything is possible imo.
hey hey hey one of your sounds is trending on tiktok!!
70 green berets is enough to overthrow a banana republic, hard to think they would fail finding a kid
Great video. Would love to see more missing 411. Big fan of Dave Paulides.
Here's a terrifying and horrible story of missing people "Hehehe" "Hahaha"
Why didnt you mic your boys, Aden?
when giants video?
I’m 40 minutes in and they haven’t mentioned the idea of the creek taking him in a current. Also they seem to be ignoring the idea that over 300 individuals searching and none of them crossed the river except govt officials? Hard to believe isn’t it? My first thought would be, ok, the last footprint is found near the water, so follow the water. No other prints found, no blood found, his other shoe was likely in his hands if it wasn’t found if that was his print. And then they were likely washed away. He never mentioned the officials looking down river. The 3 day silence is likely a lack of searching, and more a time to create a new game plan, rethink the strategy, not a lack of logging it. Also, I found those creeks online and a travel blog mentions during a rain deficit the creeks have sections thigh deep for an adult. I at least would have liked to hear about that as a possibility for the poor kid. Personally,  I would have liked the story to have some more substance than the grey guys google searches. It feels as thought it’s not even a true story.
Dr enuf is a god send
Please tell me I'm not the only one hypothesizing it's wendigoon. I mean c'mon. Clearly the name a wendigo would pick if he had a YouTube channel.
hey, I thought you might want to know, the dev of STALKER died in the battle of Bakmut. I think bringing attention to that would be a good thing. maybe a video?
I live in Knoxville TN, about 40min. From this area. I didn't know this happened in my neck of the woods.
"Down the path" does not reference any direction, except away from the current.
I love these videos! But I feel like you honey potted me with potential scp content 🤣 love all your stuff, appreciate all the work, but throw us something fun an absolutely fictional once in while! I had great hope for your scp content!
Hey Wendigoon, I'm not sure if you'll ever seen this comment, but I recently saw a documentary (that itself wasn't as recent) regarding Skinwalker Ranch. The show itself was pretty cheesy, but the land itself and it's history seemed really interesting. Was wondering if you knew anything about it?
I'm gonna need you to stay in your room. These on location videos....drive me crazy.
oh mate a load of us have just found out that one of the developers for STALKER has died in war  in Ukraine... despite what we think of that war.... Our deepest condolences  to Volodymyr Ezhov.... May he Rest in Piece, God Bless
Didn’t you support Rittenhouse?
These on site videos are great! Each video somehow gets better than the last, thanks for what you do!
Zeb Ross and him are one in the same
Doesn't anybody else think he looks like that guy in the blue shirt that does the dancing I forgot his name but damn they look like brothers
I've been slandering wendigoon ALl day on my channel. Let him know
I got a porn addiction ad
Grew up in these mountains. Bout an hour from the exact location in the park he went missing. Ask anyone around here, and they'll tell ya, these mountains are full of unexplainable and mysterious stuff. especially when you come to my neck of the woods. Love the on site videos!
Aidan's ability to retain, translate, and communicate information is unreal.  The guy is an AI confirmed.
Wendigoon and Lore Lodge is the perfect crossover!
Hey Wendi, do you have a merch store available by chance?
Mr. Lore Lodge looks like Daniel Radcliffe. Also contrary to popular belief, fae were not bad in the beginning. You have to look in deeper.....
This was really cool, really liked the collab 👌
Wendigoon is such a good soul man, I loved this christmas, I saved up a bunch of his vids and binged them this winter break while by my fireplace and my god it was enjoyable everytime
Wendigoon small backpack is so funny to me, no idea why
Good👍👍
Man ever heard a fox? Wild animals can scream, it's scary af in the night.
I watched the entire video and the only thing that comes to mind in terms of commenting is that you kinda look like Jon Snow
So glad to have found this in my recommended, now I have two new creators to binge over the break. Not sure if these two do a lot of videos together but loved the chemistry and the way they address all aspects of the case.
I remember finding you when you were doing part 1 of the conspiracy iceberg and I’m so happy I did
Please just film future videos in your room and by yourself
I cannot wait for the Wendigoon robs the pentagon video 🎉
This might sound weird but I’m amazed at wendi’s lower half and how this might bc the first time we’ve seen it
Wendigoon is so cool
Bro…. Do a deepdive into Tartaria, Mudfloods, Mudfossils, Great Resets, - they all tie in together. Another big one with VERY little info and alot of algorithm censorship is Plasma Apocalypse- another one worth doing a deepdive into.
ohmyjod this fuckin' rules
It creeps me out, not so much because of the file history, but because this kid looks so much like my younger brother when he was a kid. Wrong hair of course, but still.
hey, i'm more into the casual videos where you are in your room talking alone about stuff, it feels better to "listen to" while i'm doing other stuff. i'm sure you love doing outdoor stuff with people but this is less my kind of video. Of course you do you, it's your channel your videos. cheers
I hate the paranormal/ and or cover up angle… you guys are putting to much faith in the green berets and sniffer dogs … dogs fail all the time trust me every time i walk past them at a festival and green berets are trained in combat and war fighter not search and rescue, a hunter that tracks animals for a living could out track a green beret 99 out of 100
Day 3 of asking ya to go check out vita carnis
Would love to see more videos like this
The background music is horrific Extremely annoying
Wow
You know something bad happened when the green berets showed up
people are calling me skunk ape now? that’s kinda mean, i liked “wild man” better
Will you cover the black bird of chernobyl mystery
While I hate to bring this up, perhaps we a "Susan Smith" type situation with a family member wanting to bring harm to Dennis perhaps due to his mental disability. Also, while he might not have gone up the hill behind, might he gone up trail?  Maybe he misunderstood what his Dad was telling him to do and went back toward the parking lot and that was where he was abducted.  And don't think a cougar couldn't silently kill a small child and drag him away and cover him with leaves for future feeding and leave no marks, As for large hairy men carrying clubs and old world myths, the Woodwose is one that comes to mind.
wendigoon your voice is trending on tiktok!!! 😭
Is this from the David Paulides series?
Ah, wendigoon spreading propaganda to keep the westerners out of Tennessee I see.    ... it's honestly a beautiful and wonderful state, the bugs and people are crazy sometimes though.
Please don’t become a vlogger :/
Can you cover the Salvador Dali film
Wendigoon drinks Perrier confirmed
Great video well done thank you for making the video
i live in gatlinburg this is fucking insane
MONUMENT MYTHOS PT.2 PLEASEEE
Great video.
God my boyfriend constantly watches this wendigoo guy!!! Aaaaah!!!
You better not have forgotten about the Georgia guidestones. I need you to break it down for me.
Wendigoon I think you'd like the new series on youtube I just found called Vita Carnis. It is in line with series like Local 58 and Gemini Home Entertainment. Unique creatures and lore and such.   Also good video! I'm watching more from the lore lodge. I am so interested in missing 411 cases lately
This entire video has the energy of "First of all, lower your voice"
hey wendigoon, i just wanted to let you know that your videos are really great and watching them helps me feel less lonely. i've been going through a tough time lately and they help lots. hope everything is going well for you xx
If I could ask Wendigoon one question, I’d ask him if he’s a hunter…
Speaking as someone who lives right by gatlinburg (15 minute drive lol) the forest will swallow you at a moments notice.
Wendigoon looks like he would make a big ol fat baby lol
Exciting collaboration!
Every thought about doing something on the TV Man from 2019? It's kinda weird
My family and i have gone to Cades cove multiple times it’s so beautiful :) although when we went this year, there were massive groups of people just walking up to wild bears with their cubs???
As much as I think all of us want to believe these stories of Sasquatch and wild men… it is much more probable that there is no such thing. We have cell phones and trail cams that should have picked up something by now.  A single hunter in this area can put dozens of trail cams up. Now times that by hundreds of hunters. We got nothing. I don't know how many of you have been alone in a National Park in the middle of nowhere but your mind will come up with bizarre and scary stuff that does not existwhen it gets dark.  No one is immune and it is genuine fear out there. "Strange" sounds happen but in reality it's tiny harmless animals or wind breaking branches. You may swear that sasquatch is fcking with you but actually when you get out of the tent to investigate it's just a badger walking around your camp... The real danger is other humans. National parks are dangerous because wilderness is dangerous. It's much more comforting to think something is killing people than the possibility of one's lack of experience, stupidity, (non cryptid) wild animals or just bad luck being the reason you go missing. If you do go missing the wildlife will make sure almost nothing is left of you except a skeleton but even that will be spread all over and be very difficult to identify or even find.
Wendigoon, it’s been over year since your last Sunday Studies where you said that if you stop doing them that you’ve been replaced. Bring back Wendigoon!!!!
Aiden is a freemason🤔
Windigoon is so chill, I can't tell if his kidnapping plea is genuine or not
I’m waiting for the Wendussy to attack the Wendigoon
(This was very neat, thank you for this. I love learning about all of this folklore and seeing some of the locations and people)
you guys need lav mics
The Aiden and Wendi Collab is something I didn't know I needed
Day 2 of telling you to check out vita carnis
This is pretty cool. I’ve never heard about this and I live not even 30 minutes from Gatlinburg!
fkn luv u wendi
I live & work between Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge, and I had never heard of this case, so it's cool to learn a bit of history here. What was even cooler was seeing Wendigoon driving one of my near-weekly routes 🙃
Filmed with a one note phone by a dude with Parkinson's I love the wendigoon quality.
Doctor enuf spotted, respect given. 1:40
I wish I could be an observer in some sort of armour, roam woods like these for a while, and see what or who roams with me
Wendigoon have you ever heard of the southern reach trilogy? The book series in which the movie Annihilation was based off of? I know this is off topic for a video like this, but I thought this weird fiction horror would be a perfect fit for this channel. Let me know your thoughts!
sorry goon had to downvote   didn't sub to you for woods walk and chatter  subbed for muh stories  love your normal stuff peace
your goofin
Dude I have proof I'm one of the 144k in the book of revelations!!??
Dude for the love of God!!
The cat that dragged the living kid 12 miles could have been dragging him home for her kittens to practice killing and eventually dropped him to take a rest, realized he wasn't what she thought he was, and bolted. Cats have an extremely strong prey drive and can sometimes even pose a danger to their own kittens.
random side not but im pretty sure this channel called Project Land is reuploading your videos as well as other peoples i think?? or just taking your videos and splicing them to upload
I remember subbing to wendigoon a year or two ago and its amazing seeing big has gotten in such a small time!
In highschool I was a creature known as the white screamer
I didn’t know you were In gatLinburg I’m close 😅 I’m a huge fan I would’ve lost my mind if I ran into you
Next missing 411 is them getting disappeared by national parks services
Always love your videos, but it’s awesome to see you covering Appalachian stories.   Also, as a East Tennessee native, I love seeing people enjoy a Dr Enuf!
Is it not weird that the two brothers were in the same bush and yet there's no "yeah i heard a whoosh and i didnt see him again" or anything?
i’m not sure if Johnny Gosh is a missing 411 case but if you ever wanted to look into his case i think you would find it very compelling. it goes really deep and into some fucked up hollywood sex trafficking type theories that, to me, have a lot of standing. a youtuber i watch was doing research for his case, talking to the people related to it, and received “threatening phone calls” she didn’t elaborate and i don’t blame her because that’s terrifying, especially because she has children. maybe since you’re childless as far as i know you can do it
I love when you tubers go to the smokies/east Tennessee. The area is just amazing and I agree doctor enough slaps hard. If you want another east Tennessee exclusive try out a palls, it's a little food chain that ends around Knoxville. Also, having camped/hiked a lot in the area I agree that these woods are special, and if you spend enough time in them something unexplainable or weird is bound to happen.
You're one of my favorite channels ever man. Your videos are ALWAYS fascinating and different.
Even if the shoe print isn't Dennis's that means some 10 year was chased by a bear with only one shoe ??
please make more of these
haven’t heard about this case in such a long time glad to see it resurfacing
Went to the smokies in Gatlinburg this past summer. Absolutely beautiful. Coined the term mountain time from the locals. I actually talked to our guide up the mountains when we went to the national park about wendigoon and the missing 411 stuff. So I feel like this came full circle for me, so surreal.
Okay, this may sound absurd as a wildlife explanation but hear me out. If the kid was silent and nowhere to be found around the trail, what about the chance (though slim) that an eagle (golden and bald seems to be native) came down and attacked. Golden Eagles are very strong and could have crushed his body in some way or just sent him into shock that he didn't cry out. I know it seems silly to think a bird could snatch him, but he was young and may have been just light enough for a bird of prey to briefly lift him away. The family would have very likely not thought to look up, and even if they did it would not be in time for the creature to have gone above brush. It would have potentially cause a lot of noise, so that is a bit of a flaw in this theory, but maybe there was enough of a clearing between trees for the bird to not rustle branches until much higher up? Certain kinds of eagles have been spotted carrying small deer short distances and this could very well be why they saw some shoe prints, alluding to the child getting away for a time (or all together). The helicopters wouldn't be there to see the initial attack and if the bird was able to tear the poor kid into pieces to take home to its nest it's still unlikely they'd see it since it would be very high up and obscured in a nest. I find it odd that the green burges (no idea how to spell this) insisted the shoe size was too big despite not knowing the child and not having the dad's statement on record. Like, couldn't he just tell them what his kids exact shoe size was and go from there? Did they only pack one pair of shoes and didn't have another set to compare it with? Even if they weren't his prints, why would there be one set of child's footprints that far out in the first place? They also did not want people investigating further that side of the creek. Much like they may not have wanted people to know about a cougar attack they could have not wanted people to fear the possibility of a bird of prey. Both bald eagles and golden eagles are native to the region and protected species. If folks heard about this, they very well might want to start killing them or avoid the park. Even if the bird wasn't able to finish killing this defenseless kid, he would be injured and may have then been hunted by something else. Again, since there was a sudden drop in the green burges communication and they deterred further searching in that direction, they very well may have found evidence of animal attack and just didn't want folks to know. I know this might sound like a stretch, but because of that it may be that this scenario may not have even been considered and clues of a bird attack were overlooked.
What they are saying about kid not being able to move through that brush and not being able to climb those inclines reveals they weren't raised as mountain kids. I was a child in 70's raised in the mountains, we ran through the woods like wild things and always barefoot except in winter. My mother kept all the girls hair cut short because she couldn't keep it free of tangles and brambles. That terrain would have been nothing to us and the incline behind our house was steeper than 60 degrees and we regularly climbed it. The undergrowth actually helps with the climbing. Though that kid was likely a city kid, so wouldn't have been able to do these things but to say no child would be able to isn't true.
Wendigoons laugh is my favourite noise ever -
hehehe 🙄🙄
Awesome
audio for this vid is cursed as hell
Not my type of thing but thanks for the effort !
🔥 nice vid my dawg
Eyyy, my neck of the woods. Great vid as always
Nice
Commenting to support!
At 33:32 the transition made it seem like they were ambushed by the wild men.
Has dr enough gotten back too you??
I love the MARPAT button up, short sleeve.
I love that when one of them aren't talking they're jsut staring into the flames
I'd love to see Wendigoon go through the Magnus Archives
very likely veido
Go ahead Lewis&Clark🤣
Goon when he started: Deep analysis, citations, focused on the content  Goon when he grew: Goofy camera hijinks, off the shoulder jokes and filler, i went into the forest at 3am equivalent content, what a shame
sounds like he walked into a part of the creek where the mud was shallow but deep enough that his foot got stuck, and in pulling his foot out his shoe came off. Then continued to walk and the mud had a deep drop off and then he likely drowned
saw a video of wendigoon making an apology video im curious ifits true of not?
You should look into Purgiliminal/YOURLOCALBREADMAN.
I wish you had given a shout out to Dave Paulides and his channel Canam Missing Project who coined the term "Missing 411".  His work is often under noted in other people's coverage of his work which is a shame.  He covers MANY other odd missing stories on his channel worthy of watching.
!!!!!!!!! WENDIGOON DO THE MOLD ICEBERG!!!!!!!!!!
They always say I had my eyes off them just a couple minutes? What else are they going to tell the investigators? Well honestly I maybe took my eyes off them for a half hour or longer? No they want to sound like great parents obviously.
i love about an hour from gatlinburg. love the area as a “tourist”, hate sleeping there without a weapon
You want to thank the people who made this video possible? The subs are why it's possible. If they don't purchase audible?? Then you don't have a sponsor
Did Douglas ever give a statement to what he saw?
How about you just stop bringing in subpar guests and just do your own videos again, that's what we are all here to see after all, now I gotto sit here and watch an episode get co-hosted by a guy that looks like the crying starbucks barista.   Nah fam
You should look into the wild man of Navidad it’s actually in the county in Texas where I used to live either a hairy man or a big foot like creature who would take farm animals but would also take tools but they would be returned later polished or “fixed” I’ve heard about this story since I was like four years old. Love the videos keep up the great work
Can you do more Sunday studies please?
Dude I need that 8 hour ww2 video man
He fell into the back rooms
36:09 I'm sorry but you need to be more specific. We talking Colombia, Chattanooga, or Memphis because Tennessee is long and southern doesn't really narrow it 💀
Wendigo I've been watching your videos since you had just reached 1m and it's great to see more people watching your videos
Mate, you need to research and do a video on the Beaumont children who went missing in Adelaide,  Australia in the 1960s
1:00 Nah nah nah nah nah. As someone who's driven to and from Gatlinburg countless times for drunk cabin parties, I cannot have y'all telling me there is an Eldritch horror anywhere near me.
My two favorite schizos😁
Second video I’ve seen of this lore lodge guy flaking out on making it to the actual location for some weak reason (brought the wrong vehicle), or (weather reasons, when drenched with sweat, lol).
I’ve been watching your videos for about a year now and you make amazing content and have come so far congratulations on 2 million I can’t wait to see you hit 3 🎉 ❤
god damm i love wendigoon
If you look at any source that doesn't just quote David P, it was almost certainly the camp counselor that killed David. Multiple counselors had been accused of SA during their time at the camp and before. Including the camp counselor who went to bring David to supper. The things he was accused of were horrendous, and the only thing that much of the story balanced on was his word alone.
I always love hearing and seeing the ".......BYE" at the end of the video. 😆
I’ve been watching since the early days of the conspiracy iceberg videos and it’s become a tradition to watch wendigoon videos at least until the part at the end where he says “thank you for watching”
in māori culture (south island), we have the maero. they’re said to be  tall forest men, with long shaggy black hair and long nails. they’re also are intelligent, and use tools & weapons.
Oh hey, Tennessean here, worked the night shift at a gas station, met the Wild Man; don't worry, he's just a big ol crack head, just give him the leftover hot dog rollers and he'll be on his way. Just don't let him lock himself in the bathroom.
As someone from Tennessee this story scares me especially because obviously I live here and I regularly ride four wheelers in the woods, hunt, fish and just hang out in the woods and for all I know this could happen to me one day it’s chilling to think about 😂
Dang this thing out maneuvered  The US National Park service’s  Boy Scouts  National Guard  Green berets  FBI  Bloodhounds  and local law enforcement   And vanished without a trace…dame.
It was the feral people
I LOVE MISSING 411 CASES!!! MORE MORE MOREEE!!! also i live in Pennsylvania and this is terrifying Appalachian mountains are scary and so many cyprids.
how can you talk about missing 411 and not saying anything special about david paulides, he done everything for that project and that case especially.
2022s most anticipated collab 😍
i was on this cruise for 5 days; it started a day after this was posted. there was a man that looked _exactly_ like wendigoon. so weird.
Absolutely love the new out and about videos, especially about Appalachia. Thanks for the hours and hours of entertainment <3
Bro, I’ve been to Gatlinberg, it was really scary, but then again I was like seven or eight so I was more of a baby
Hey Wendi, you should checkout Vita Carnis, its got the whole nature documentary vibe going  on like mystery flesh pit
Wendingood  talk about the BATH SCHOOL MASSACRE , you should
That gave me so much Blair Witch Project vibes lol
anyone else see that the guys shirt changes color from the different camera angles or is it just me.
I like the rain starts as soon as they talk about Dennis Martin disappearing 10:56
wendigoon you should do an analysis on @_boisvert163’s channel. really interesting spooky stuff
The Wendigoon Lore Lodge combo excites me more than a new avengers movie ever will
You should watch Peter Caine’s channel regarding his account with Bigfoot. Ties in really well with this story. I think it’s Peter Caine Dog Training, but just do a search and it’ll pop up.
he fell in to the backrooms
Growing up and living in the appalachain mountains of NC my whole life. These ones just give me the creeps 😂
My families origin on both sides is from Eastern Kentucky (specifically Pikeville, little town in the Appalachian region) and those mountains... I remember horse back riding up them as a kid. Terrifying yet so beautiful.
So this is why it took so long for the second episode to come out 😂
You should do a video on the first people in the world across religions and cults
Yea, yea ... The Lore Lodge sux!!!!!
this channel has become my favoirite thing to watch. would love to see a in-depth video about chriptyds
Thumbs up
Flektarn button down goes hard
At least somebody else knows the greatness of Dr.Enuf 😂❤
Had to take my dad a hundred dollars of dr.enuff because he travels alot
the only person you guys are missing is the missing enigma
He looks like the bang energy ceo as a child
I've been out of Tennessee for so long I forgot about Dr Enuf!!! God I miss Kingsport
they need to get a better camera man.
Wendigoon! the backrooms make videos again. try to watch it
5:51 didn’t the blair witch project begin like this?
They keep saying "No one saw him" and I feel like it would be much better to say "No one said they saw him".  Those are two very, very different things.
The guest is a fed
Love your content. Been watching it for years but I see little stuff on clone-aid and realism on YouTube, no one touches it. Could be a bit much. But I’d be interested in seeing your research on the subject. They have a YouTube page based on Raelism, and several videos interviewing on cloning babies.  Could be interesting to cover that
Not Tony Stark was on the case
Aidan was actually how I found Wendigoon! My friends made me get Tiktok, Aidan was recommended to me, I found the Lore Lodge on youtube, and saw Wendigoon in the podcast.
Shoutout to Donnie Thornberry
i enjoy
Hello 🥺
What reason would the park service have to kill or hide the killing of a Child ? whats their agenda whats the goal ?
What is the name of the song that starts @9:00
does anyone know where the bg music is from??
Something i think will be interesting Is the original War of the Worlds novel from the late 1800's.
Thanks conspiracy theory hungrybox
Im not the only one who wants to see Wendigoon and Brandon Herrera together, am I?
Couldn't he have gotten washed into the creek
Not sure if you’ll see this comment but your popular sound bite on tiktok rn
i love hearing stories from tennessee and the south but man does it make me a little weary of living here
I stopped paying attention for 2 min then spent the next 10 min tryna figure out how it's possible for the footprints showed the boy was walking with a bear
these missing 411 videos are very interesting!! i love this series, but they are so tragic :(
My theory is that one of the people on the search team took him. If no body could be found for 20 miles in any direction, that reeks of foul play, and its possible one of the people on the search team, whether it be a higher up or a random volunteer, was able to move the body into places that had already been searched to prevent him being found. Its possible that one of the green berets training in the area was the one to kill the kid, and their shadiness is due to trying to protect their own. It’s a common thing in law enforcement.
Why would they assume a six year old kid couldn't possibly climb a tree? That is their whole deal! There are a lot of bad assumptions about what kids are able/want to do in this video.
They make a lot of bad assumptions about kids wandering off.  1. That only a developmentally disabled children would wander off. Totally untrue.  2. That a child would only wander off if they were scared. Also untrue.  Anything to help the supernatural angle, I guess.
Lol Louis and Clark
You should watch the vita Carnis series made by Darian Quillory
Wendigoon, you should do a video about the missing person case of Ryker Webb. He was found but the case is still pretty interesting to me… just a suggestion.
That ending shot makes it look like you've hotboxed the whole room 😭
Please do Danny Casolaro and the Octopus Murders! Nate Bacca’s archive and raw work is STILL up, please give it a look Wendigoon!
Hey, so I’m of Cherokee and Catawba descent and we have a lot of stories like these. But they all tie into the “don’t go in the woods when you cant see around yourself. Don’t be cruel or the woods will show you karma. Don’t go alone. Don’t mess with things you know you shouldn’t (like ancient burial grounds or places elders have told you not to go)” the main thing being that last one. If someone has told you not to go somewhere or that bad things happen in that area, don’t go there. That’s one of the main reasons I don’t go to many parks, especially ones in the mountains. So many things can be lurking there and you wouldn’t spot them until it is too late.
I adore this form of video omg!!! you look like you guys were having so much fun!
The father removed the bush himself. Nice effort in research
The Great Smokies are part if the Appalachian Mountains. I think something that gives it that vibe is that they’re the oldest mountain range in the world
If I knew you all were in Gatlinburg, I'd have bought you all some moonshine
Why is nobody talking about how those two have a beautiful chemic. I just. I want more videos of those two.
wait a minute... if the Green Berettes suddenly went silent for 3 days, right after finding the footprints, could it be possible they found the trail he made, but hid it on purpose because he found something that no civilian is allowed to see and go free? could there be something UNDER the trail?? it would honestly not surprise me, as Government Facilities have been found in mountains that often has some sort of Natural Camouflage like Mist, thick brush and mountains on either side of the area. it might be a long stretch, but i think Dennis found something that he shouldnt have, and he was forced away to keep it hidden, and that is why they redirected the search as well, to keep more people to discover whatever Dennis found.  something is not right with that place... apparently, the area that was not searched due to the redirection of the entire search is off limits to any and all Civilian and Civil Service Personell. this reeks of a coverup to me.
Hell yeah this is like Mr. Ballen and EWO combined.
it would be highly likely that he is somewhere in the mud along the creek, probably even not completely decomposed. i think that if they did a proper dig-search along the creek they would find him, and possibly others as well.
Hey Wendigoon you should make a video on the Mandela catalog I feel like it would be perfect for your types of videos
gg vid
i love ur vids
Nice
Merry Christmas Wendigoon!
Eagle creek more lile evil creek.. i might be onto something
Omg, Text?, MY TIME MACHINE WORKED!
Y'all folks should check out Indonesian folklore about this creature called Genderuwo. It's fascinating that it's VERY similar to the ones you guys mentioned.
That story about the White Screamer kind of got me. I could not imagine being fooled by some weird humanoid creature and come back to find my family killed by this thing.
guys he just fell out of the world and didn't set his respawn point
Nice
I respect the hiking drip
Do a  vid about number stations
imagine theres just a portal to a universe where there are 2 dennis martins now, and the mistery is where the second one came from
It's late and I haven't slept, anyone else seeing something weird around wendi's head at 21:00
So doug aint see dennis move zzzz
I came from Europe and worked nearby for couple of months (my only journey to US). I rode bike each day from and to the work and must say it was the wildest adventure of my life. Each day I discovered new animal and was even chased by the coyotes pack. I remember once taking a friend´s car instead due to my bike´s flat tire ... had a nice "encounter" with some wild cat just on the side of road ... only time I was happy for a flat tire.
Holy shit this happened on my birthday 50yrs ago I’m scared now
Damm i went to Gatlinburg a month ago...
MERRY CHRISTMAS WENDI
Everytime I drive on I-40 i am in awe of the mountains surrounding the highway. Undoubtedly there is a reason Appalachia has such mystery behind it.
I really love the style of this video it’s super cool <3  Also WENDIGOON you’re a tiktok trend lmao !!
i feel like a bear at him or smth maybe a mountain lion
What a great video man! Your methods of storytelling and how you present the facts of a scenario really make my imagination run wild. I really hope to see more of these campfire story-esque videos in the future. This alongside the brown mountain lights video are some of my favorite of yours and i'm not even from appalachia (rocky mountains guy here) . Have a great holiday season, Wendi <3
LMFAOOO no one cares idiota 😂😂🤡
8:57 My dad and a random dad he met 5 minutes ago during a vacation:
Ha! I was already subscribed to Lore Lodge! XD
Dr enuf is genuinely it’s own unique drink and only found around that area of the Appalachian mountains. It cost 85cents usually in vending machines but never more than 1$. It’s not sprite it’s not 7up it’s completely unique and extremely bubbly. We also have a unique fast food place called Pals where you can get Dr Enuf fountain drinks. They put certain vitamins from minerals in it and it’s branded “the original energy booster” 100% real sugar
Alternative title: "Dora, Diego, and Swiper on a mission to solve the disappearance of Dennis Martin"
0:40 the way i started wondering if wendigoon was implying he was trans until i realised he said 'it's this guy' and not 'cis guy' smh
You should come to Point Pleasant, Wv and do a tour of the TNT Area where Mothman was first sighted  We also have The Old Man of The Mountains a Bigfoot like creature seen multiple times in Braxton County Wv
I work as a hostess at a restaurant and bar down south and one day I saw someone come in that looked, JUST, like Wendigoon, so much so that I was bracing myself to meet him which would be crazy until the man spoke and his voice was much more high pitched. I thought that was crazy and now knowing that Wendigoon is a smoky mountain local, meaning technically he's in the area where I work, I now think (not really but it's fun to think) I've met a doppelganger or Mandella effect angel thing who copied Wendigoon's identity.
Mane wth I moved to TN from CA and now I’m scared shitless
these on location videos are insanely good
Okay, let me set the scene. It's midnight on Christmas Eve and I'm hurriedly crocheting a Christmas present for the next morning and putting on this video for background as I crochet. And lo and behold, it's a video from my hometown. Kinda. I used to work in Townsend, at least, and Cades Cove is a staple of my childhood.   And I'm listening and half watching this and I think... "Hmmm, 1969. My mom would have been about 15 around that time..."   So, I call my mom, thankfully as awake as I was (am, haha) and I start asking about a kid going missing a long time ago and I get this gem:   "Oh, yeah, it was a little boy, a long time ago. Dad thought it was an inside job. A little boy going missing in the middle of family, just seemed fishy."   It was a trip, cause I barely even mentioned someone going missing and she was immediately throwing shade on it. My grandfather definitely didn't trust the family about it. But if there's anything I know about this area (the poor parts at least) they're usually looking for the worst in situations like that. But it's still really cool to hear about how my mom knew about it from being there as it happened.   There's my tidbit, thanks for reading! This was a good and entertaining video and I need to go back to making Christmas presents. Haha.
Love the campfire scenes!!! Reminds me of are you afraid of the dark. But insanely amazing video as always
The green berets were a mtf team sent to take out Bigfoot
Don’t worry I subbed Wendi, you don’t have to check this time.
As a Tennesseean, yes these cannibal people are aggressive. I've had a few encounters with them myself! Finally someone acknowledges them!
35:29 oml I lost it. "I'm at my limit" took me out
Poor kid probably got nabbed by a cougar- literal definition of silent but deadly. If he was crouched down in a bush he could have been easily mistaken as regular cougar prey.
I think he fell into a smog. (That's a small hole)
42:56  andre the giant actually had some notoriously bad gas, so.
Why is everyone losing their shit at you on tiktok?
Haven't checked in in a while, what a story to jump back in with.
Man this kinda stuff seems fun. The atmosphere is so goddamn beautiful
When I first listened to Paulides talk about Dennis Martin case on that radio show, i obsessively researched anything I could to learn more. No 411 case fascinated me more than this one. Awesome idea
Only thing I think you guys should have discussed is how the brother disappeared while being right next to his brother?!
wendigoon should make more videos where he and maybe a few of his buddies sit around a campfire and tell ghost stories/talk about urban legends or cryptids
Just saw a mem of you mimex. Getting that recognition 🎉
I really love and admire how much you’ve grown as a creator your vid’s are fkn awesome and it’s sick how creative you are in delivering these stories , lots of love from Australia ❤️
How about they found him in the creek bed etc. Etc. And it was a murder instead of a disappearance and death case, it knight have been a group of protected indigenous peoples that is kept secret and protected by the government hence explaining fbi intervention, perhaps only family, fbi, and the very same green beret soldiers know what happened.
Its a shame that David Paullides allowed himself to be polarized by the government psy-op to create a division between the american peoples. Its hard to listen to him these days even though I may agree with him, we dont watch him for politics.
Love this more exploring type style, with it not just being you and in a room with a mic for 30mins.
Unfunfact: There are mountain lions up in the Smokies and the Cove, no matter how many times the rangers say otherwise.  They'll tell you a cat up to your hip is a bob if that means you wont blab your mouth.
Well if they are really good hunters like the cheroke histories said then maybe thats the reason they know how to erase footprints and stuff
clearly Dennis Martin became a SCP and the Green Berets took him out before he fully grown
Gonk!
Kinda lost the script with this one. All the speculation of these supernatural creatures is stupid. There's no proof of these existing. It makes no sense to speculate on a kid's death, when the foundation of that speculation is based on unfounded ideas.  It's a real step down from stuff like your MLKJ video.
Dude I adore Gatlinburg! Thanks for this really informative vid ^^
Wendigoon listen too me there’s a case I would love for you to do about sarah trills
Imagine a white dude telling a Native American story. This is hilarious.
This is called drip he said
We had a kid get killed by a mountain lion out near our farm. The sheriff put out the statement, and two days later retracted it saying the kid fell into a gully and died from the fall. My grandad said it was to stop the folks from loading up their jeeps and killing every mountain lion in The Valley.
Don’t like this style of vid
Make more vlogs lol
i just love this channel
It is honestly amazing how wendigoon went from a modest mista gg fan to have almost triple his sub count in such a short time
Tennese wildman just sounds like a guy who was tall and had that disease where hair goes all over your body
I was in Gatlinburg at the same fucking time
The fact that you drove out into the woods to plagiarise David Paulides' work AND use his title 'Missing 411' is gross. Not even a reference to the man who uncovered this.  For anyone interested in the topic, David has released multiple films titled 'Missing 411' and has a very active YouTube channel, Canam Missing Project.
Wildman in post-colonization folklore: will eat you and your family Wildman in native people's folklore: will marry you and get upset if your mom doesn't accept him
I like this new style of on location video keep it up
I think the camera work can be a bit better.
“Why would anyone wear loafers here?”  *Wendigoon says wearing loafers there*
33:17 as a Tennessean, I can confirm. The skin walkers have taken over my home.
Nature be scary y'all. Nothing supernatural or cover-up needed. My home backs up to those type of woods.  Plus, it's VERY rare a parent is completely honest when a parent (of a vanishing child- not neighborhood abduction) about the time frame they had their eyes off the child. 5 minutes my ass, probably 30 minutes 😆
No way I live 30 min from there
such an amazing video again. I love the fact that you head out there and are there in person which is just so unique. That video especially the campfire stories made me really scared and quite glad that I don't live near mountains 😅
When you mentioned the tree knockers, it reminded me of a story I heard that old coal miners used to tell about "the knockers", I can't remember if they warned minors of cave ins or if they caused them either way it was interesting
damn dude wendigoon upped the editing
another missing 411, thought this had fallen by the wayside
The white balance in that ad read is Scandinavian af Lmao
I really like 26:04 where it flashes to what looks like them having a heartfelt moment next to eachother
Well the first 7 minutes sucked pretty good watching two big girls argue where there supposed to go. What a waste of time.
WOAH AIDEN WENDI CROSS OVER?HELLO?
I don't think I've ever commented on a YouTube video before so I hope u understand how much this has bothered me, I watch ur content for u bro ur one of the only story tellers on YouTube that aren't annoying and the extra ppl in the video just kill the vibe and are annoying u were my absolute favorite YouTuber until u started the weird vlog content with awkward Shakey camera shots and forced jokes very little actual information on the topic and when it's presented it feels scattered u had the perfect formula imo and it's  just less u bro ur the one we want to see I understand it's ur content ur allowed to do what u want and I'm sure ppl love it but damn I just feel like ur wasting assets on this content
He's really committed to that hide and seek game
Growing up in East TN, it is really cool to see yall there! I've spent a lot of time out there camping and the stories of disappearances and such are pretty common. It was always more of a "don't do stupid things" sort of thing rather than anything paranromal/supernatural/unsolved, but that subtext was always there. Maybe it was kind of just normalized, but there was always a fearful reverance for the mountains.
Really enjoy the 411 series
this is incredible, i love the lore lodge and wendigoon, so these videos are perfect. Thank y’all for the incredible content
Good to a spooky man having fun in the woods with his spooky friends while talking about dead kids
What happened to your camera why are you yellow
So sorry
this video is literally nothing, are you serious?
Will you please cover the Silent Hill story
FINALLY! ANOTHER MISSING 411 CASE! THANK YOU.
I have to be honest. The audio quality made the video so frustrating to watch. It was either too quiet to WAY too loud because of the constant variations. I definitely prefer just torso wendigoon
I like the storytelling videos done at home more tbh.
17:58
I really loved this! Please make more!
It is my duty to comment on all "Missing 411" videos that they are fake. It was made up by a Bigfoot enthusiast marketing himself as an ex cop and most of the testimonials have never been corroborated.  Have a nice day~
More like this!! Please!! Thank you!! ☺️
i love these videos sm i always listen to them while i’m painting
i could’ve told you he was a dr enuf drinker before he took a sip. major dr enuf vibes
Nice
Wendi baby I love you but this has awkward first time going to your freinds house vibes..”so you wanna play ps2?”
even in 244p your face is still the most beautiful I've ever seen
I think the theory that something was found that was so gruesome and vile that the public was not informed about it is the most realistic theory. But it was quite clearly giants
画一个概念圈 全套进去死光光
圣诞前夜最后的疯狂自杀式
今天晚上要杀我? 不要命啦？立刻被杀掉 全部清除 结果在最后一分钟 !
I love this style of video! (I love your filming style in general) This one has so much more energy. It's so cool! I feel like I'm in the woods imagining the events happening in front of me.
We think we have solved the world's mysteries, but there are unknown things.
could it be possible for an eagle or giant bird swept him up?
Glad the series has returned!
Imagine how wild it would have been if they just stumbled across Dennis while making this.
Subtle obi-wan quote
cool
is a foia request possible on this ?  also why did no one talk to his brother who was playing with him
They should’ve kept searching the creek
If they were smoking cigars and had big revolvers it would be badass (while telling the story)
Hey! I'm actually from middle TN from a place called white bluff and the origin story of the white screamer! Many locals here have stories about it and believe they're still here.
Starting at 4:59 this automatically turns into a found footage kind if intro if I've ever seen one 😂😂
PLEASE do a deep dive on the COVID Vaccine and how it is completely fraudulent!🙏🏽 aka the blood clots and Sudden death syndrome
It's the FBI. Once they get involved you're not going to hear shit or you're not going to get the full story.
I just wanna say that im so proud, ive been here since the og instagram account with like 40 people on it that probably got banned 🫡
"The shoe would fit a nine year old better" Well, if Dennis was four feet tall, which is pretty tall for a six-year-old. he likely would wear the same shoe size as an average-small nine-year-old
I think the kid fell into a sinkhole, or maybe an uncharted cave network. Mammoth cave, the largest cave network in the world is right next to that region of Appalachia.  Also the tall hairy creature with red eyes could be some psychological hallucination/mass hysteria having to do with the optical illusions of the woods.
It's likely wendigoon will not dissappear. black balled and crazy is the more believable story especially regarding the topics he covers. Thank you as usual for your passion 🙏 with the last stories of the surrounding area sound like something similar to the wendigo. Ironic. The Sulphur smell described and the screaming it is said it can mimic sounds so throwing your scream doesn't seem too outlandish
as always thank you for making another video
bro you've gotten so professional, it brings a tear to my eye
gov p3dos got him and covered it up by ‘helping’
:why would he wear loafers ?😐  :camera Pans To Loafers 😂
I'm going to float a theory out there, that no one is going to like. One of the Green Berets 'in the area for training' could have been  the abductor. They would have the stealth to do something like this. It could have been one who went rogue. Maybe the others uncovered it during the search , and kept it quiet to avoid bad publicity. It is also possible the training they were involved with was a classified program that involves abduction. In such a remote area, statistically, anyone that was present could be a likely suspect. When you consider things like the Tuskegee  trials and Project MK Ultra, it is well within the established modus operandi of the U.S. Government to harm innocent Americans when they feel ends justify means. If this sounds unlikely just remember the alternative is Bigfoot...  When I typed this: the phrase "and kept it quiet to avoid bad publicity" turned red. That must have been a hint...
wendigoon I like your biblical videos bc it's hard to picture text and remember it after reading it. my fav where parricide lost and facts about angels but could you do a video of explaining judgement day, all the things that will destroy the earth, and everything that you can explain to your best. thank you for making history acutely entertaining
I expected way more from this series after the first episode and especially after 4+ months. (The story just didn’t hold up to any of the ones you told in the first episode)
Do what it feels right to you
Is this guys shirt fucking grey or green someone please fuckin anwser
Ok half way through and wondering why the brother hasn’t been brought up more or have any information on the situation…. Literally the last person he was seen with..??? Like wtf?
Such a good video, but I'm afraid  I will never get close to even a tree that look funny from now on :D
this is way better than the blair witch project
to be completely honest this case sounds similar to "the boys on the tracks" the inconsistencies are consistent with what came to be known as 'the Octopus' by the many journalists who have covered the story.
How wild! I love your channel and I’m from Johnson City, TN… I’ve grown up with Dr. Enuf 😂 it’s sworn by some people to be a cure-all but it’s just so freaking good! Fun fact, Mountain Dew was created in East TN as well.
Loving the mix of vlog, commentary, and docu style videos in this. Awesome vid.
My visions of him
A lot of people don't understand when you're about 5 mi into the woods around here s***'s a little different and when you get out about 10 miles you are 100% not the top dog anymore
This dude us just camping lol
What if all these people were just going for a long camping trip and there still on it we just don't know
Dr enuf is amazing
YEOO I JUST STARTED WATCHING LORE LODGE TWO WEEKS AGO !!!
You're wasting 51 minutes of the viewers time. It 's five minutes  and you presented no facts of he case.
He won hide and seek
"3 or 4 of these kind of 'in the field' videos lined up in my head" Wendigoon/Internet Historian collab confirmed.... wait.
As a Tennessee liver specifically in Knoxville and grew up going into the smokey mountains anytime during the night you hear something spooky,prey.
As someone who lives in the backwoods of middle tn these stories are very comforting, thanks wendi ❤️
I love the fact that canonically, Wendi gets emails about being invited to join a rag-tag team to rob the pentagon. I'm sure he must be freaked out because people are fücking unhinged. I want a video of the most batsh!t ones.  It reminds me of this one reply I got on this here platform that replaced my eyeball fluid with acid, and not only ironed but scorched the creases of my brain.   The reply:   "I would say the oligarchy  loves making its own oponet. Republicans & Republicans paid by billionaires to pretend to be Democrats so you have the illusion of choice.  How a vast majority of cases with terrorist often have more federal agents in the early days of the planing than people  who do not work for the federal government involved. This is a matter of public records too. Feel free to check. Osama Bin Laden worked for either the FBI or the CIA I can't remember and I can't find anything online about it anymore however it used to be easily accessible information. I'm sure if you did some true digging you could find it. He also received the key to South Carolina while he was working for the federal government.  Also just saying with Pearl Harbor and 9/11 if I were to attack someone who was not attacking me in their home territory and then they were to start to attack my home territory then I wouldn't stop attacking their home territory unless it was planned to continue the war... all so that the people who are profiting off of the war could make more money. I mean I could be wrong but just saying if the Crips and the bloods in the 90s were in a territory War then neither one of their home territories would be safe until the war was over. The minute that one of them attacked the other's home territory the war would be on in full force on both sides of their territories. You could say the same for any gang or Mafia or cartel. And what is a government but a very large cartel."    *Highlights include:* -  the missing paragraph on how all these oligarchs are Jewish and/or lizard people -  the "trust me, bro" it's the FBI/CIA's fault -  the og comment, NEVER even being about the US
More of this, great content!
I love the editing
This is random but I love your vids and I think it would be really awesome and interesting to watch if you did a documentary revolving around the OJ Simpson trial, weather he did it or not, and all the evidence. I've always heard he did it and heard some of the evidence but I think a lot of the information around the trial isn't widely known. I hope you at least read this and give it some thought :)
We genuinely love this kind of stuff. It pulls on some deeply fascinating part of our imagination and shows many of the non-southerners a peek into this mythos.
Wonderful video I loved it! Thanks for the great content!
Wendigoon was 5 minute from my house!!!!
omg its floyd collins the youtuber
Wendigoon should make a video on Conplan 8888, the US Governments contingency plan for if Zombies attacked.
i miss the old wendy, straight to the point with no vlog elements
The Dennis Martin Case is a really deep mystery among 411s. There was a really good video once posted by the Horror Stories YouTube channel (viewer discretion is advised); although it is no longer on their channel, there is a reupload somewhere. But it was a recording of someone retelling the story, potentially on Coast To Coast, where there are a lot of details given about the case.  There’s one part that sticks out, that one of the lead detectives who looked into the case for years, and I believe even spoke to the father years later, ended up committing suicide. Possibly over the guilt of not finding this boy, or because of the shocking nature of the case.  Awesome video though, pretty crazy seeing Wendigoon single handedly going out of his way to continue the search seventy green berets couldn’t manage, crazy.
Please don't turn into a 411 channel. These are my least liked videos of yours.
Every so often I get a video recommended: this is one.  Looney Zoomers that think they are presenting something new.  What next. Telling us about the Titanic sinking?
I love you
Great!
trying to enjoy the video and follow along but the camera shakiness is making this unbearable to sit through. please use a stabiliser  next time!
26:30
Yes definitely do more in the field videos they're awesome!
I have 2 rational explanations, one there was a secret military base and the kid was shot by a soldier by mistake, or a highranking gov oficial was hunting and shot him and you know america doing very undemocratic shit... but his sudden disapearance is weird...i might be wrong i am a bit drunk but it seems more normal
really appreciate that they mentioned indigenous legends in this, this continent has always been weird
I like the videos better when its you and a camera but im sure this was more fun to make.
I dont like these irl vlogs
even on a hike in the woods, my man's rockin' a dad shirt. the commitment to his role as a fashion icon really is admirable.
Honestly as someone who doesn't live in US national parks seem so weird. Like it'a  huge forest. With predators and stuff. And free access for anyone. And people go there casually with really small children who can get themselves in trouble even at home if you aren't looking for like a minute?? There's no need for conspiracies, all of it combines into a tragedy waiting to happen.
Inexplicable
Im not a believer in the paranormal, but I can’t provide myself with a reasonable explanation except for maybe a cougar.
Get a mr ballen collab you guys seem like you could be friends
Do a video on the Rothschild Family.
I never actively imagined Wendidads footwear, but moccasins/loafers makes sense
I swear there's gotta be at least an organisation dealing with these that's similar to the SCP Organization
Here in the south the Tennessee wild man is called Ole red eye
A podcast where you just sit at a campfire and tell legends, folklore, and missing people stories, I'd watch for HOURS
Part of me wonders if in some cases of people so missing the perosn in question just “snapped” for a moment and soemthing just clicked on their head any just decided “what if I just went off for no reason because I can”
Phoenixville pa?! I grew up there! Was even born in the phoenixville hospital in 89!
Go check out vida carnis  Realy cool arg
I personally think the reason why the green berets went quiet is because they didn’t wanna get told not too keep searching across the creek with the fbi
classice wendigoon banger
Better video production😎
I could listen to hours of their idle chit chat. "How many squirrels do you think you could take?" "... Do I have a weapon?" I love this shit.
Seems like there is plenty of missing information with the initial disappearance and the 3 days of reports missing from the green berets. I think a likely scenario is that one of the children that was playing with Dennis accidentally killed him. Maybe they were playing, one of the kids pushed him and he fell and hit his head on a rock. They were just kids and got scared so they hid the body. The green berets found the body, realized what had happened, spoke with the family (or the kids admitted what happened) and they all decided to leave the missing case open and not reveal the truth as to protect potentially ruining the kids' lives over nothing more than an accident.
Anyone checking the comments near the beginning of the video.... these 2 creators definitely start making out before this is over. Just so you know.
Remember the Horror Stories video.
Gatlinburg drinking Dr Enuf!? You guys are in my neck of the woods! One day I hope I'm lucky enough to see Ol' Wendi out in the wild! Maybe he'll tell me a story
Wendigoon looks like the father and the son
Anybody know the camo pattern on Wendigo's shirt? Lol
Stop trying to be cute and just report 🤡
F your plugs
Hey Wendigooon have you ever considered looking at the podcast 'Old Gods of Appalachia'? It covers a lot of cryptid folklore and mythology of the Appalachian mountains and it seems like the kind of thing you'd cover on this channel
This really embodies the boys hanging out in the forest
Awriiight time time sit back and listen to some Wendigoon :D Love this.
Hey, Wendigoon. I found you on PKA! Shout out the Rape Squad Killas!
This channel is slowly becoming Destination Truth and I’m here for it ❤❤
I really love the cinematography in this, its super cool to see you experimenting with new formats and camera angles and stuff! I'm really excited to see what kind of stuff you'll do next!
Wendigoon please lower the volume on the backtrack, it's hard to hear anyone during the section at 08:00 <3
Look at all that mountain laurel.   I live so close to there.
What time of year did you film? November?
Phoenixville pa? That’s where my school is lol
I’m so happy to see you get out there and try different styles. I love the original, sit in your room with the conspiracy board, but I also like it when you go on location.
it could be that they did find dennis the parents just told them to keep quite about happened out of respect. dont want to turn on the news to a green baret being interviewed about the strewn guts of your son from a bear attack
if the kid was attacked by wildlife they would have found blood really easily
I can watch wendi but not the fucking weirdo Paul paulides
Just 3 sweaty bois having fun in the woods
You should do a video of vita carnis
Missing 411 is an underrated topic. I'd love to see this series continued
Tbf a parent at a playground could be considered “in line of sight” and kids would get taken in the snap of a finger and the parent(s) wouldn’t have seen.
First of all most of us know why kids go missing in this world. It's called the cabal and they use adrenachrome.
I'm totally fine with you sitting in the corner and rambling about the stuff, by the way
Well all shall know..the technology is very advanced..Y?  they don't want fix the problem of missing children's?
i loved the 411 mysterys
Hey.. that's the wendigo tiktok guy... who fights with the white hair lady..
D A R K
do another video on the hypnagonic archives!! ellis has uploaded a bunch since 8months ago!!
Wendi trending with every new video. Man deserves his shine, best content on YouTube. Good job brother
Is his shirt grey or green?
been waiting for another 411 video!! these are all so fascinating, thank you for making another one on them!!
hey man you’re blowing up on tiktok btw
I’m from Appalachia and one time my brother saw what appeared to be black panther in our neighbor’s field. Couldn’t be a black bear, my brother said it had a long tail and looked like a cat. He’s an frequent hunter, so I trust his eyes. Our neighbors had cats but at that distance my brother could still tell it was a big animal. The DNR say we don’t have mountain lions up here but my brother’s seen them on his friend’s trail cameras before. So, maybe it was a mountain lion with some kind of pigmentation mutation? maybe a mink, although i can’t imagine that being the right size? There’s not much else it could be, besides a big cat of some species. I guess I’ll never know for sure.
I did not like this style video. The shaky camera and mics outside just didn’t work for me.
Love this colab
YouTube is wrong 😂! I got an ad right after he was talking about how the authorities probably went up to the family of the missing kid and said- Proceeds to get cut off by YouTube ad saying mommy I really like corn 😭. I now imagine a cop saying to the mother "I really like corn".
Excellent video, always good for some genuine, real Spooky™
STOP CHANGIN YA FUCKIN THUMBNAILS
i’m in love with the fireside scary storytelling. the one about the screamer scared me for some reason. and i used to listen to scary story podcasts daily. (stopped bc i got paranoid my house was haunted)
Penguinz0 + 4 emotion
Lore Lodge blows!
As a Tennessee citizen from Jackson I can confirm I have to protect my dogs from the wildmen every night.
Yall  joxking for mad long definitely loses the cool stoey time vibe
So Dennis had the best speedrunning Hide and Seek logs in the entire log, very impressive, but sad at the same time.
Well, I’m not sleeping tonight but at least I have a new ghost story to tell
Bro explaining wildman awfully sound like a description of jin in islam. Bro even the screaming 💀
From a person living in an area that is currently experiencing temperatures of -50F including wind chill, people absolutely need to respect the power of nature. Conditions like that can and absolutely will kill you if you don’t plan ahead and gear up appropriately.   Most of the missing persons cases in national parks I feel can be chalked up to inexperienced, unprepared, or extremely unlucky (in the sense that several dangerous outside factors stacked up against them) people leaving the trails willfully or accidentally and getting lost. If you aren’t prepared properly, exposure to extreme heat, sun, wind, wet, and/or cold conditions can bring you to an unceremonious end very quickly. Throw in hostile wildlife and scavengers, and you’ve got a body that probably doesn’t have a lot of defining characteristics left after even a week.   I don’t believe these people disappearing has anything to do with the supernatural. Don’t blame failures in planning and poor crisis decision making on some elusive monster. Take responsibility for yourself and the lives of those around you when you visit the wild places. Plan ahead, do your research, be prepared. Do everything you can to avoid being a statistic.
Honestly a slow kid alone in the woods where people are probably kidnapped and done away with in some way
why are all of your videos too good?
channel has grown quickly
Cheesy intro but done SO well👏🏼👏🏼😂
Why does he keep changing the thumbnail?
Yo, Wendi's arms are fn ENORMOUS
Do wendigoon fans call themselves wendigoonies?
26:41 I’m dying bruh
You can tell they wanted to say the same things, Just in different ways
Look at that cute backpack
Haven’t finished the video yet but oh my goodness this is one of my favorites. Also also also love how lodge’s videographer’s last name is thornberry unless I misheard it
Strange format, but enjoyable, I like that you're just adventuring in the woods with some friends.
Wendigoon getting yoked. Good shit man.
2022 Dec 23
I think something intresting to wonder is if children have the same inhernet survival instincts to make them stop the same way an adult would or if they just keep going since they don't fully understand everything going on. I know people say mentality can make you do crazy things. Of course I have 0 evidence to back up this theory
I've seen a video by someone that's from the area Dennis went missing I feel like they have a logical answer but it's kinda controversial I guess you can say.  I guess we each got our own theories for our own reasons.
bro i’m in phoenixville all the time that definitely threw me through a loop hearing that
I prefer the actual discussions over the blogs
I've known wild people, not in a party way, however they would end up at parties now and then.
At the time of this comment this has 666k views
You should make another missing 411 video it is interesting to listen to you talk about it
bro the 411 series and the monument mythos series give me crazy chills
a video where you just read some of the craziest shit you get in your emails would be so entertaining omg
Imagine getting paid to go on a camping trip with your buddies
One thing I try to hammer into any one I go into the woods with is it only takes one second. One half second. For your day to go from having a fun time with friends getting tipsy in the woods to full blown survival mode. Even the smallest things like a sprained ankle or a simple wrong turn is a life and death situation when you’re out in the woods. If that poor child was dragged off by a puma or anything it wouldn’t have to take him very far into the thick for him to be 100% gone forever.
i love your videos
* inhales* STEADY CAM
The bright red eyes thing actually freaks me out. When I was a kid, one night I looked outside at the backyard and all the way in the back, there was red eyes looking back at the house.
The first video you produced on this conspiracy theory had me concerned, but I thought you'd left it alone. Now that you're committing so much more to it, and promoting it further to your massive audience, I'm really troubled. I preferred this channel when it exercised critical thinking.
in some of the hallows the sun dosnt really come up till 10 in the morning or later in the summer and starts going down at 2 or 3 pm because of the mountains
Here's my unhinged conspiracy theory: Green berets were training in the area, and they accidentally killed the child then launched a coverup. Given that it was 1969 and in the middle of the vietnam war, the armed forces didn't need that level of bad press.
Really should’ve just kept the video strictly about the topic, would’ve loved to finish the video and learn more.
When will you make a video dedicated to GIANTS?!
love how this was released as im currently in the Smoky Mountains. makes the experience so much more enhancing
Fund Raiser?
Red Dr enuf is even better
Wendigoon I come to beg that you talk about Vita Carnis I have found it on YouTube and it is already one of my favorite yt horror series and you need to check it out and I recommend it to  everyone else reading this comment I have only seen one episode but I’m hooked
"This is not from rain", minutes after you can hear the rain...ever heard of validity? Don't get me wrong, the forests hold many of the dead, but you must respect the truth of them if you are to ever really know of it.
Anybody notice how when they were in front of the bush, from certain angles aidans shirt would change colour?
Hey I was just wondering, will you ever do another summary of classic horror novels like dracula, the invisible man, Jekyll and Hyde or the phantom of the opera? I really enjoyed your Frankenstein video and would love to hear your thoughts on these other novels.
TRD Pro 4Runner in VooDoo Blue?!? And I thought this channel couldn't get any better....
I can only imagine how bad the blisters were in those loafers. Cause surely Isaiah got some from hiking in those.
Joe Biden nabbed him. He just wanted a sniff.
Incestous....monster....men....?
Missing 411 was written to make money.  When you look into many of the cases you find quickly that information is cherry picked and pertinent details are completely Missing. As far is this case goes, I urge you to do your own research. You'll find podcasts with a park ranger and others involved that refute the "bear man" "wild man", and other theories.
Either that or he's the finest hide & seeker to have ever existed.
im like 90% sure the footage at 47:53 was taken like right down the hill from my house?
Love the style of this video
It's not really that unexplainable it only takes a few seconds for a kid to disappear, I recommend looking at the murder of James Bulger, his mum looked away for only a few seconds and he was gone.
The Lore Lodge guy has the same exact voice as Boogie2988 and I was very confused at the beginning of the video.
I know you can’t pump these type of videos out but they really are something special! I hope you’ll be able to make more of these and kinda just drop them once in awhile as sort of a special video. Keep up the great work Dad.
He probably found a cave or something
the white screamer story sounds like an encounter with the rake
Noo way! His middle name was Lloyd. Damn I'm jealous
My name's Dennis martin
Damn Wendigoon, can you pick a tighter shirt? JK. But no, I am really loving this sudden thing for mysteries. True crime is some of my favourite content so seeing an overlap of one of my favourite content creators and a different lovely genre is awesome!
His dad killed him.
Isaiah, your videos just keep getting better and better. I’m so so interested in these types of unexplainable stories and you cover them in such an interesting and informative way. Keep doing what you’re doing!
Oh man he disappeared on my birthday. Only I was born 97
ur such a himbo :3
6:14 "have you ever seen JoJo's Bizarre Adventure?"
You’ve gotta make a video in the style of the segment of this video where you talk about stuff like the wildman and the white screamer. Also just talking about those legends is so interesting.
Anywhere there's limestone there can be caves and where there are caves, they can eat through to the soil above and put holes in places like under bushes and behind bushes that a six-year old could fall into. End of story.
Next time: "Is the moon landing real? " "Let me Show you the place where it happend"
Why or how is that guys shirt going from green to blue???
disabled or not, a five-year-old is probably at least somewhat liable to wandering off
A rare occurrence were "dying of old age" would be very terrifying
So glad England butchered most of there forests so we don't have to deal with this shit.
Bro you’re trending right now!!! Way to go Mr. Goon!! Congratulations 🍾
honestly, sometimes living in appalachia feels like a headache. but these videos make me feel proud of where i’m from. thanks wendigoon <3
I think that the most likely answer is that he was found on the opposite side of the creek and the family was informed privately for PR reasons. Smoky Mountain National Park is the most visited Park in the US and, assuming that the death of Dennis was gruesome enough, it definitely would've hurt the park for quite some time
cool, now i have a fear of going to parks
15:52 My man changed his shirt XD
"THIS IS CALLED D~R~I~P IT'S DIFFERENT." -Wendigoon, 2022
Living basically on the smokey mountains for my whole life its very interesting hearing ppl tall about how spooky they seem to them. I used to as a kid sit outside and stare into the woods listening to the radio. I freaked a few ppl out safe to say lmao
I just recently moved to Tennessee in the past couple of months and to slowly accrue lore about my region is so fascinating.
This is one if my favorite videos you have made!! Thank you for the content!! I would love to see more 411 videos 😁
Wendigoon AND missing 411??? My dreams coming true!
Man Wendigoon me and my fiancee live in Chattanooga, TN. That's so awesome you made a video in our home state... And also talk about one of its folklore
Hey Wendi u wanna go oh I don’t know…. rob the pentagon?
Hold on is wendigoon actually from tennesee
This video is just 2 grill dad's talking about missing children
Loved it😊
Isn’t he the guy who died in a cave?
come and see (:
Here for algorithm support let’s get to #1 on trending y’all
Bro it's so cool I've been in Gatlinburg
Do u think they explored each others bodies
You could search for deaths in the park around the same time and anything those deaths were caused by could probably be disregarded for this particular case. At least if you’re abiding by the idea that if they know what it is, they aren’t willing to share it.
Dude, this video format is SO DOPE! I can't wait to see how you decide to cover any other Missing 411 cases in the future! I'm so happy for your successes and the fact you're able to play with these different formats! Man, I hope you decide to at least try some kind of theatrical release of SOTZ in Tennessee, I just moved to a bordering state and would love to be able to make it into a nice little trip to come support y'all since I wasn't financially able to during the Kickstarter. Cheers, Isaiah, wishing you all the best! 🍻🖖
I love Cades Cove! So close to home. It makes it very, very morbid....
These sound like Wood Boogers.
Feels like wendi is just being told the story.
Dennis was in the backrooms.
Is this a documentary on a missing person or your new boyfriends Bromance ?!?!?!
Bad video
Someday we're going to get news that wendigoon while following the footsteps of a missing person's case went missing the exact same way
Yakuza font on missing children, here I go
Not a fan of this style of content from you honestly. The sit down simple story telling is what I’m here for.
The Tennessee moon people have always interested me it’d be an awesome video
Good lord, the audio is atrocious for this video.
The Tony stark tidbit was a very nice break from the bad
This sounds like a huge coordinated thing in my opinion. Distrust in the government is a hard thing to avoid when the details of these missing people in these national park’s specially are kept so secret and your not allowed a full list.
I haven’t even watched the video yet, but I’m willing to wager that TLL says more in 10 minutes of this video then he was able to get out on 4 hours of fucking PKA, WHAT THE FUCK IS THE POINT OF HAVING GUEST WHEN YOU CONSTANTLY TELL THEM TO SHUT THE FUCK UP! Luv u guys ❤
As an east TN native. Living only a few mins away from Gatlinburg I hope you enjoyed your stay. Dr Enuf get this man a sponsorship!
Yall need a gimble.
Honestly I feel the other brother Doug should have been the sole focus of the hunt. He was the last one to see him, and he didn't seem to say anything. It's too weird to me.
"How many squirrels do you think you could take?" "...Do I have a weapon?" Top tier friendship
I live about thirty minutes away from Gatlinburg, maybe less, so to see you guys so close to home is awesome.
As someone who's born and raised in Tennessee and who's been to Gatlinburg once I've heard of these folk lores, but not this story which is really something. Hate that the photo of the kid looks like a younger version of me tho, and I love that y'all visited our wonderful state!
U should do a video on flight 77 the one that hit the pentagon cuz the fbi confiscated like all of the videos with the plane in it
Ahh a rare wendigoon specialty. He got the full "bye" syllables at the end
Wendigoon has come a long way from doing icebergs
lets not forget wendigoon believes kyle rittenhouse to be innocent. if you dont care dont bother replying, not here to argue..
kid fell into the backrooms
I couldn't donate 2 the film but o am very excited to see it ♡
You all think that this is the same Wendigoon?  A duplicate emerged from the Nuclear Plant. You can tell by his individual video style.
Can't believe you started barely knowing how to run a channel and now we have this amazing production quality and awesome videos thanks wendi wish you luck on all future projects
Honestly,I almost feel like he was murdered. His autism/mental illness could be seen as a disgrace to the family,and that’s why it took them 3 hours to report him missing. It’s also why nobody ever heard a scream,why would a kid scream at his own parents before being knocked out?
ManBearPig much
On trending page nice!
This was freaking awesome. I love this kind of stuff. I was completely dialed in, especially during the spooky campfire segment. My brain wants to know SO BADLY what is going on, but at the same time, I know the mystery is the core of what makes such topics so intriguing.
I think it’s giants, I mean have you read The BFG?
🙄 Green Berets weren't after something within US borders. They were likely TRAINING. 🤣🤣😄 That's just ridiculous. Green Berets don't go after things in US borders. Especially not a fake Bigfoot.  The family killed that child.
Lore Lodge saying that children dont have the strength to climb hills and trees is completely wrong. Children actually have much better upper body strength to weight ratio than adults. A kid will zip up a tree or steep hill way faster than most grown adults.  EDIT: I'm speaking as an experienced challenge course technician, S&R personelle recovery trained, and have active duty wilderness survival training. Kids get lost in the woods because of how damn quick they can cover ground, and search parties often underestimate their capacity to do so
Here's the fallacy in all of this. Everybody accept the story of what happened as true to fact. It's very likely that the story is made up and the family is hiding something imo. That's the most logical answer and one of the simplest.
Hello, East Tennessean here. Remember to never clean your porch or outside steps. There are things out here that will devour you alive, but they'll stop to count whatever you've got left on your porch, and that could be the one thing giving you time to get away. Stay safe, y'all.
Every time Isiah does video from the woods I keep expecting a Squatch to appear out of the bush and snatch him.
Omg dr enuf is the best! The cherry was great too! Don’t forget drive more north and try Pals 👀👀
19:00
It seems way more plausible that the kid accidentally died and the dad covered it up, and the whole story is fake. The shoe and barefoot could easily have been made by the kid before dying. The trail could have died at the river/creek because they moved his body there. Evidence of foul play could have been found in the area that was kept separate From volunteers. No body ever found kept it from going passed that.
Sounds like a werewolf
in arkansas we have something close to the tennesee wildman named the Fouke Arkansas Monster "shaggy-haired, stinky and well over six-feet tall, the creature allegedly clawed its way through a screenedd window before the man of the house chased the creature back into the woods" its often said to be a hairy humanoid with long arms that steals livestock like hogs, chickens and calfs
Lore lodge? More like Lord lodge.. ;)
SUPER NICE
I remember this case the authorities did find a small childs sneaker but it was found very high up on a hill law enforcement thought an animal took it up there since the boy was too young to climb that distance.
I would totally watch a documentary with Wendi as the narrator
Even if we never know what happened to little Dennis, while I don’t know his family’s beliefs, may he rest peacefully. He was just a child, and either way, he was without his parents and family and must have been scared. May he be forever at peace.
The loafer thing killed me Great comedic timing
we NEED new mandela catalogue video
Wendigoon has the best laugh 🗣️💕 He looks like he’s having so much fun.💖 Thank you for the content, this one was really fun to watch🥰👍
“This is called drip, it’s different”
I don’t remember Blair witch going down like this
Green berets ate himb
Yes, this is nice
Wendigoon looks completely unfazed by hiking around. The other dude looks like he was swimming in sweat lol. cool video though. :)
The feeling of being that brother the utter guilt he must feel over all of this
I live in Elizabethton
hmm, this is well done but i feel like you're edging into more disrespectful 'true crime / conspiracy' shane dawson type coverage with this video in particular. i don't think the exploration/travelling and comedic relief pair well with the gravity of missing person cases, and the sponsorship makes me even more iffy. i hope to see you continue to cover cases more respectfully like you've done in the past.  edit: it's also harder to follow in my opinion, both with the sometimes goofing around, travelling, and conversational aspect. i definitely prefer your more direct, concise, and respectful content.
Wendigoon is one of the only YouTube content creator's that I watch the sponsored advertisements
bob gymlan did an interesting video on the dennis martin disappearance
26:47 had me dying
Please, dear lord, somebody show wendigoon how to focus a camera.
wendigoon, you mean to tell me you were in my home town and i had no idea??? 😭😭😭
I am so happy that you’re covering the missing 411 cases. I love the way you go into things. I feel I speak for a large majority of your audience when I say; We need more of this!! Happy holidays, stay safe, and we love you!! ❤❤❤
cute couple!
Absolutely love these on location videos, the effort definetly pays off
Merry Christmas!
You should do this same style video for the Beast of LBL in Dover, TN. A Dogman killed a family camping at Land Between the Lakes. Lots of military experiment conspiracy stuff involved.
Why were you guys in Phoenixville
39:10 I can see a pair of eyes in the darkness behind you two
I feel there are entrances to inner earth or cave systems in these National parks .. why else keep people coming into  the parks to a  minimum.
9/10 not enough rambling
Godbless Wendigoon for gatekeeping Tennessee, he is 100% don't move here you will die to inbred cannibals
6:53 I've camped right there lol
You know how cool it would be to go camping in the Appalachians and wendigoon stumbles across a creek at you
Fallen angels is what they are.
This is like the closest a wendigoon video has ever felt to a TV show
I just left Gatlinburg
You always know what the people want
Have we ever questioned Doug? He sounds like a prime suspect to me. We need to question him hard and strong till he confesses.
the original thumbnail was fine btw we just forgot to click the vid
As someone who's lived in east tennesee for many years, and visits the smokies 20+ times a year, you learn fast that the shrubbery will swallow you if you can't see the trail. I hate to think that a little boy was at any point alone in these woods
Wendigoon, here is a sugestion:  Make a documentary style short-film(like this video), about a fictional case that you make up, with the help of your friends. Make it mega creepy and have a weird ending that makes people werided out. Never tell anyone it's a fake video, and publish as always. Then, at the end, or maybe a week later, you reveal that it's a fictional tale.  It's about time you made your own ARG.
television quality camera work and content, the history channel is doing themselves a disservice by not sliding in those dms
Wendigoon is always topping himself. Another awesome video!
Shoutout to Wendigoon for bringing convicted minor lover Tomska on this video
Wendigoon is living his dream. It makes me happy to see that he's doing all this. It keeps me going.
It’s actually a series he wasn’t lying
I can’t believe this case is so close to home and I never knew about this case.
Dad, you should watch the Vita Carnis videos. Absolutely seems like something youd make a video on.
Things we didn't know we needed: 1. Wendigoon's videos 2. Wendigoon certified Drip
as someone who lives in the swamp ape's supposed "territory," i appreciate the shoutout lol. many people i know say they've seen it, too many to be a coincidence imo
I think the only way either of them would be able to get a whole sentence in during a PKA, would be to go together and get esoteric.
more missing 411 please, or talk about Western' Canada's Highway of Tears
There's some super spooky places over in that area. Didn't like it much tbh
Two grown men frolicking around ina Forrest while explaining the disappearance of children
Fun Fact: Wendigoon was actually born as Wendigular Goonbrock III. He rose to fame in the 1970s travelling the country by telling stories that he had written while stationed in Vietnam. His platoon noted that he had great story telling abilities, which gave him the confidence to pen these stories. When coming back to America he was actually adopted by a group of orphans who he would travel the country with. The fact that we’re now seeing these stories come to life in video format is a testament to Wendigular’s story. Have a great day, guys!
Why didn’t you go into the details provided by the channel The Missing Enigma’s video on Dennis Martin?
I like this "around the campfire" format like the fire in the background the sound of wildlife....good shit
I really love the scene changes in your videos. Whether it be in your home,  around a campfire, or standing sweating next to a random bush. These videos are very well done and very entertaining. Thanks Wendi, always looking forward to your next video.
Little did they know.. they were dealing with the hide-n-seek world champion.
Hey Wendigoon since you spoke about the 9 types of angels, could you please talk about what demons and devils actually look like and their roles in influencing humans away from God?
This video is found footage of the last time Wendigoon was last seen. The Tennessee mountains took another beautiful soul.
This case has been covered so many times and no one knows what happened to that poor boy… David Paulides is the founder of the missing 411. Please go check out his channel. It’s called Canam Missing Project. He has so much insight to these mysterious disappearances and he’s written so many books on it.
I'm actually in Tennessee right now and we have a house I. The middle of the woods that me and family go up to for holidays, but after an outing with family to go see christmas lights with friends, this was a 6 hour outing and I had brought my phone charger with me just in case, but when we got home, I forgot to take the charger in with me and when I realized that I forgot to take it in, it was around 12:10 in the morning so it was pitch black outside, and my car wasn't in a garage it was just outside, and I've seen enough of your videos to know that if I went out there I would've been ambushed by a skin walker or some other wacky cryptid.
And there it is. 8:56 "and the only reason a kid would head off into the brush is because they were scared". Unfounded, narrative driven bullshit. Laying the little crumbs of his own idea out in ways that make his explanation seem like the only logical one.
I’m not a big conspiracist myself and what I think happened is that they found a body that had been dragged across the river or attacked on the other side of the river by a cougar/bear and the body had been found in such a grizzly condition that  because of the child’s age they wanted to keep the child and family’s privacy.
I subscribe to lore lodge. Merry Christmas Wendigoon.
I’m late.  My play director recently told us a story on behalf of- I believe- her brother, who I’ll call B. Small details I’m not 100% confident in my recollection of will be marked [like this].  It was at a forested area somewhere in the north west United States. When? No clue. B was one of those people who’d go up into a watch tower and keep an eye out for fires and crap. He had a friend- who I’ll be calling F- (who would often hang out with him up in the tower]. F wanted to hike up to a [hill / second tower?] that was easily within the tower’s field of view. I don’t know how long it was before embarking on the hike that they thought this through, but in any case, here’s the game plan that B and F came up with:  They’d both be up in the [first?] watch tower for a bit (preparing I suppose), and then when F climbed down and went along the journey, B would keep an eye on F until he disappeared from his sight; to reappear again once when he reached the [hill / second tower?]… [Which, by the way, was only a few hundred yards away]. Everything goes as expected in the beginning. F climbs down and goes along his path, eventually disappearing from B’s view as according to plan. After that, B waited patiently for F to reappear. Yet, after X amount of time passed, as B watched the horizon, F didn’t reappear. He never reappeared. You know where this is going. After a while, B called it in: F was missing. The authorities went out with dogs to follow the scent; they sniffed along the path B had seen F take, and then went beyond the point where he’d wandered out of B’s vision. Eventually, a little ways past a river, the dogs stopped. And… that was it. When the dogs stopped, the investigation stopped.  The trail kept going along it’s expected course until reaching that point, and then- literally just *ended*.  The investigators easily ruled out any seemingly logical explanations.  Was he attacked by an animal? No. there’d be something left. Did he- for whatever reason- retrace his steps and walk towards the river? No. A dog’d still smell you out no matter how wet you got.  Was he murdered? Kidnapped? Depressed? Insane? Nope. From what evidence anyone could gather, F essentially fell off the face of the earth.  Our director told us that she’s familiar with missing 411, and all of the cast members had fun pitching their own theories on what happened. All that I really have to say is this- Hearing my perfectly sane director talk about things that I usually only hear from crazy mountain men on the internet has me viewing this phenomena differently.. really pushing all of these “ghost stories” much closer to reality than I’d prefer.
there are over 20,000 open missing person cases in the united states.
Right off the bat, lore lodge. Hopefully that doesn't mean it's going to be the usual confirmation bias filled dredge.  Those guys pick an explanation and then do EVERYTHING possible to justify why they're right, and they do that all while not explicitly stating their view. They will dismiss every possible explanation until they get to their pet theory  Edit: 15 minutes in and it's filled with that exact shit
This was *chef’s kiss*
Sounds to me like a whompus cat.  My grandfather used to tell me stories of this thing. Apparently it was originally a cursed native woman who was transformed into this creature by the male elders for eavesdropping on a sacred ceremony, she was cursed to roam the mountains of Appalachia and the neighboring areas feeding on children and the lost.
Man youre cool af
People who go to the park are cattle
Crazy how all these cryptid monsters stopped being sighted as soon as everyone nearly starting having a good camera sitting in their pocket.
Been waiting for this one big daddy
I really like this series! Love your vids btw man! Your a good guest on pka too.
Those legs are CGI
To your point at 24:50 I was on a hiking trail with my friends on one of those mountains and I took off to run down the trail and almost got so lost as the sun was coming down.  Even with no paranormal events the area should be given some healthy respect.  I learned that all on my own.
I imagine Wendigoon is the type of guy that walks around with a comb in his back pocket.
Kids have lots of pairs of shoes but only one shoe size. If his dad said the footprint was wrong then the footprint was wrong. It would be easy to get which shoes he was wearing. Be fair
Why would you wear loafers 😩
National parks aren't doing anything nefarious
I enjoyed this so much!
Love the video man
Love this style video and it’s great knowing you enjoy filming them, being an outdoorsy person it gives you an excuse to be in the woods and get paid for it and I think that’s great, very interesting topic and great information, thank you Dad and Cousins
It's funny how Oregon is so similar in some ways but then in others it's so different. Like our trees don't have clear spaces between them lol
Please dont ever stop doing the story time hanging out type videos. These are awesome and all but i enjoy your laid back telling a story videos the most <3
Awesome content, as always! Thank you
you should really do a video with Mr Ballen. I think you guys could make a really good video
W
If I ever see one running around with this Flecktarn Shirt I will take it...... I mein its pretty neat
It's crazy, I've lived around the smokies my whole life and never heard this story.
Blair Witch sequel looks great
This is the Blair Witch Project part 2
After all these years I’ve never seen anyone on the internet talk about Dr Enuff since it’s a local masterpiece. Reckon I might have to crack one open to enjoy with ya! For anyone that hasn’t tried them I highly recommend it is literally life juice. Probably my all time favorite soda / “energy” drink
The tsarichina hole, the tsarichina hole, the tsarichina hole!.
Amazing
13:12
wait damn what happened to the thumbnail 😭😭
Wait…wendigoon is an Isaiah? I’m also an Izaiah (jus spelled that way)
I grew up in the forest and I used to climb the steepest hills I could find just to see if I could do it. This was probably around the same age as this kid :/
Love the energy you guys have, you clearly had a lot of fun! Keep it up, y'all deserved it!
Super spooky, i love it
Milk
Loved this video, but I feel like you guys didn't really consider Occam's Razor for the situation. The most easily explained answer is that the parents did it.   Bill could have been there before and playing with Dennis in the river, and an accident happened, and Dennis died, and fearing repercussion, he threw the kid's body in the woods. Told the rest of the family what happened, so they played into it.   Kid's body gets eaten or shredded by wildlife while the family stage the area in a way that somebody sees them and gets police involved. Green berets find the kid when the notes stop and tell the family, but because of optics sake, the search isn't called off.   The green berets could have found  the kid on the first noteless day and then spent the next two days hunting the animal that killed Dennis.  Also it was also 1969 and people were as dumb or dumber than they are now. Like I said, loved the video and enjoyed hearing the theories about ghoulies, as always, but I think it's gotta be an accident or a purposeful murder by the father and/or family.
Please do more videos simmilar to this where you go outside to real locations. Also Aidan was a really great story teller.
29:45
Mr. Wendigoon sir, this is a really good video. Amazing. Fantastic. Incredible even. Of course that is the quality of video one would expect from you. But now that you're done with such a massive success of a video, could you please make one on The Mandela Catalogue Volume 4?
WENDI U CAME LOCAL AS FUCK AN AIN DO A MEETUP ily still doe
Interesring, the theories of the wildman remind me of the bear man from the Search and Rescue series
What the heck is crawling around in the background at 29:44? You'll see it if you look at the closest tree.
Please, PLEASE do more missing 411 and creepy forest shit! I am in LOVE
Im not a huge fan of all the messing around and giggling in the beginning of this video. Glad you're having fun but edit it out lol
I love this. Have fun with your buddies man
Listen impossible
i’ve been to gatlinburg a few times before and every time there has just been such an off vibe and i never want to go back
Any time I watch something about missing children (who go missing in nature) I am reminded about when I went missing in the woods briefly as a child. You'd be surprised how many people will walk by a child in distress who is alone in the woods without doing anything. Whenever I hear about children going missing on busy trails, I always wonder if people just... walked right past them. Not necessarily relevant in this case but I just had vivid flashes of those memories because I was told that my father, my cousin, and my grandfather all took off into the woods and back down the trail when they realized I was missing and hearing Dennis' father did the same, it makes my heart hurt for not just the parents but Dennis. There is something uniquely terrifying about being a young child (I was 9) and wandering the woods alone without knowing where you are. It makes me feel lucky that mine came to an end with me walking out of the woods when Dennis never got the chance to do the same.
Why’s that dude so sweaty? Assuming this was shot in the fall and not summer it must be one hell of a hike to be completely drenched like that
Mannnn, I'm on a trip and sleeping by myself right next to a forest, you cannot be doing this to me my guy I need the sleep.
i will say i knew a corporal green beret and that guy had 3 separate medals just for getting into hand to hand combat with someone, if they were more badass than that back then thats saying something
There's the Cherokee Giant...supposedly, he has handprints on a rock in Kentucky... I think it's Kentucky
this is really cool but hard to focus on without getting sleepy without any images related to the case we're discussing other than at the start :(
Imagine believing mythical creatures are real
I think this is the first time Iv seen Someone wear boatshoes in nearly a decade
33:48 the way wendigoon is looking into the camera😂
The only thing that gets me is the shoe not being found. There's foliage on the ground he slides backward and smacks his head, rolling down the hill. He stands up without realizing how close to the water he is. He's dazed and concussed and doesn't realize how hurt his head is. Also, his shoe is stuck in the mud, he slips it off, and his barefoot hits the mud in front of his shoe'd foot. Dizzy, he tries to wash his muddy foot, and shoe as he bends over to wash the shoe, the blood rushes down and he passes out or falls in, and the river washes him away, down river. BUT his shoe should've floated even if his body didn't. He was only 5 years old, so his body would decompose rather quickly in the water or the overgrowth by the river. Cades Cove also has bottom pockets and large rocks. If a large Boulder sent him down into the current and it drug him into a bottom pocket, he'd be there until he was bones
I was sure hoping to see the actual bush or spot/area that Dennis disappeared in.. but due to rain go figure..  😣
Not too long ago in Indonesia, a parent and their "spiritual teacher" were arrested for murder. They were caught killing their 6-7 yr old girl by submerging her in the tub because she was very troublesome, and the spiritual teacher believed that the girl was possessed by evil spirit.  The parent couldn't believe that they'd killed their own child. So in denial, they put her in the bed, clean and changing her clothes everyday as if she was just sleeping, hoping that she'd come back alive.  Neighbors found out about it a week later, while the body is already in the late stage of decomposing.  This is the reality that we live in. This took place in the real life. I pray for her soul. RIP.
Fun fact I made the doctor enough bottles 😆😆😆
This screams American Gods. They should work with niel gaiman
I live only 6hrs from Gatlinburg, over in West TN, we don't have so many wildman stories over here
Lore Lodge and Wendigoon?! I- ?! Is this a sign the universe is going to finally stop slipping into just being generally horrible? This is my Christmas. I'm so happy.
Just three Awesome guys hanging out and talking about horrible gut wrenching mysteries. I’ve been to Gatlenburg TN a lot and I can tel you this place will 100% make you feel like you’ll never get back Home.
I lived in Knoxville and been to the Smoky Mountains and while it's an extremely pleasant and peaceful area, you have no idea what's out there when humans aren't around to scare it off.
Ok why Wendi's bag is so smol
Huh Nathan Drake and sully looking different in this one.🤨
Having the special forces exclusively search an area where a murder possibly took place allows you to keep track of everyone who is searching and what they're doing. I dint think it's that suspicious that they did this, considering the possibility of foul play.
Love your content Wendy and I appreciate you going on site but this was a miss.
Ok but the biggest question here is what is this doctor enough soda? Is this a cousin of Dr Pepper? Need to know
that sweaty shirt is all i want for Christmas
I know this is extremely off topic and I'm sorry but I have to say it because it literally took me 18 months to realize. Wendigoon looks like Jon Snow if Jon Snow started his morning routine by only straightening the top half of his hair
you're the first youtuber I've seen actually link someone elses youtube that they did a colab with in the description, and didnt just say they linked it in the description but never did.  good job.
I dont wipe because i dont let shit💩 bother me 💯💯💯💯💯
42:55 Shall we bring up the story of Andre The Giant's massive fart?
CAN CONFIRM- As a Gatlinburg resident and a late father who worked in the National Park Service. Dont move here. It aint worth it.  However if you do come here, never-ever run. It triggers prey drive.  As far as the wild men, tho there is no legally confirmed sightings, There are mountain people who live off grid here. And you better leave them well enough alone. Theyve been here long before the National Park was a National Park with their lineage.  You can tour some of the families old homes in Elkmont (really close to where this video is filmed).  also the moonshine sold in stores is fake. None of us would ever make something that weak. Another note- Sevierville and Sevier County is pronounced "Severe-ville & Severe County" Like in a Severe Weather Warning. Im happy to answer any questions  if anyone would like to know more from a lifelong local <3
you’re creative you can do things like this and it will bring attention to your channel, and awareness to the situation, but why extract profit from a real tragedy?
Omfg youre trending
Lion mountain took him. buried him, got scared off because of the search party and ran off.
ik u probably get this SO much but i just started watching game of thrones and every time i see jon snow i’m like “OMG ITS WENDIGOON” 33:17 even if they did find him in a horrific condition, why would they not tell ppl that he was found? they would have to say how he died. he was a little kid lost in the woods, there’s lots of things that could have happened to him without any animal, bigfoots(bigfeet?), cannibals or wild men being involved.
I think it’s kind of stupid to assume a 6 year old can’t lift his own body weight and climb a steep steep hill. I mean the older and bigger you are the more likely you are to struggle to lift your own body weight. I was climbing trees to high heights before double digits but as time went on I got heavier and heavier and my muscle growth wasn’t keeping up like most people growing older, unless you or I were to work out. Kids grow fast and are annoyingly motivated to keep moving. And for whatever reason people assume kids are weak, weak to what standard a fully sized adult? Yeah of-course but a 6 year old sized kid living with a fairly active family? that kid can dead lift his weight X3 and hold it for 10sec. Anyway I hope this gives a more open perspective to children going missing. They go missing because of lack of experience and there small nimble size and or a creep feeling lucky or a predator feeling lucky or both or a naked folklore or a faceless being with a suit or a duende or a cosmic being.
Looks like a green screen at times cause of the plants
Any real tennessean has many a story about defending their homes from the wildmen
i’m excited to see more missing 411 content. when i first heard about this phenomenon a few years ago it really spooked me. i definitely believe there is something at play here that we just can’t comprehend.
1:42 YOOOO WENDIGOON IS BASED BOOSE CRUISER??
If the theories about feral people taking Dennis and cannibalizing him were true, I'd think that would most certainly qualify as something the Feds and NPS would want to not only keep quiet but possibly not even return the remains to the family because imagine returning a body that'd been field dressed like a deer, carved and trimmed of all it's meat to a grieving family. Not to mention nobody would set foot in that park or any national park after that went public.  There's a small channel run by a guy who lives locally, iirc it's "South Force 10" who claims that the three days of radio silence were the GBs tracking and wiping out the clan of feral people responsible for taking Dennis.
Reach out to Dennis Martin’s surviving relatives, very few of them that knew him would still be alive, but I’m sure this story was passed down to children and grandchildren, and I’m sure at least a handful of them would have information that wasn’t public knowledge or they may even have the answer to this question.
I live here and it's really not scary when you're brought up around the woods you really dont think about it. you spend alot of your life in them so you understand what you're hearing and seeing. the worst thing you could run into is a bear or a mountain lion other than that it's not to bad.
i love undertimeslopper
So maybe I jumped the gun as I haven’t finished the video yet,  but what did his brother have to say about this event? He would have had the best vantage point to this event.   I’ve heard this story before more than once and I don’t recall anyone speaking about his brothers POV
26:52 "this is called drip, it's different"
once again wendigoon has been under 10 miles away from me. I'd kill for a meet n greet in the area lol
I loved this format man. I also love the vids of you in a room corner lol. Just keep making quality content. Much thanks from a fellow Tennessean
Hey I was wondering, since you are really going deep into these types of stories, if you would consider doing Jay’s Journal? The way you tell the story and really get information is awesome!
New theory , he found something that transformed him into some monster version of himself possibly growing him in size destroying one shoe now leaving a larger size foot behind along with his normal foot. Then the green berets found what transformed him, or his monster form and hid them 🧐🤨, also could be what makes the wild men
I think, obviously what happened is that the father/family weren't paying attention for a longer period of time than they thought, and then panicked and spent longer than they thought trying to find the kid, before finally breaking down and calling authorities/help. The kid was, from most likely to least likely:  -lost to the wilderness because he wandered off or got scared and ran. -abducted by someone, and carried away. The time being wrong would allow someone to slip away with him. Also if the family wasn't paying attention they could have been being tailed. -targeted by a wild animal. -a combination of being targeted by a predator/wild animal/running way due to be scared.  Or highly unlikely  -accidentally killed by a green beret and covered up. -targeted by a paranormal creature/phenomenon.  They likely didn't let others help search the other side of the creek, because it would of only made things more complicated due to a large number of people and also if it was abduction and murder the perpetrator could be among the volunteers.
I swear every time I’ve seen this in my recommended feed today it’s had a drastically different thumbnail.
I like this discussion format for these cases!  Very well-made video.  Sad story though :(
Wendigoon is getting fat
I want to see wendigoon do a video on Diogenes, anyone else wanna see that?
Great timing Wendigoon w all the recent FBI CIA exposures 👀🇺🇸
Most of the 411 is caused by the lies of ppl and especially bad parents. Oh he was there a minute a go yeah right.
my girlfriend literally asked "when is wendigoon gonna make 401 content" then he uploads like an hour later
Welcome to the Appalachian where it rains so much we might as well have a monsoon season
EVERY PARENT CLAIMS THAT THEY ONLY TOOK THEIR EYES OFF THEM FOR A COUPLE MINUTES JUST LIKE HOW DRUNKS TELL POLICE THEY ONLY HAD A COUPLE BEERS WHEN IN REALITY THAT COULD BEEN GONE FOR HOURS BEFORE THEY NOTICED AND THEN AFTER HOURS OF LOOKING THEN THEY FINALLY CALL POLICE SAYING HE JUST DISAPPEAR WHEN REALLY IT HAD ALREADY BEEN OVER A DAY
This is an adventurous way to tell a story. Thank you for this upload! World of there is crazy, stay close to Christ!
Watching you drive through roads that I’ve driven many times is such a weird feeling. Shoutout Gatlinburg for being the tourist trap it is lol
Time to email Wendigoon about breaking into the Pentagon with the wildmen to find all the cryptids they keep in there in order of sexyness.  Gotta get that mothman mussy
I would love to see wendigoon ghost hunt
Starting off like at the start of the video it instantly looks like Blair witch. What feels like it with them going in a giant circle creepy 6:51
whenever I get the urge to camp I make myself watch 411 videos and remember I live in Appalachia and then I don't want to camp anymore
loved it! more like this video!
i think it’s so cool that you were in the smokey’s i live around there and it makes me feel happy my favorite youtuber was that close to me lol
I just want to say this as a parent of a special needs child who has ALWAYS had a tendency to make a run for it. It isn't running away to him as much as just wandering and being free. He has not real concept of boundaries, especially not at the age of 5 or 6. I say that because I KNOW what it looks like when a child wanders and I pay special attention to how quickly they can drift off in a populated area. 5 minutes, unless that child was intentionally making a SPRINT in one direction nonstop, is no where near enough time to disappear like this in Gatlinburg, I've been to these woods, not this exact area, in Gatlinburg several times as a younger kid and teen, and there is no way he sprinted anywhere off of that path without either trying to intentionally hide for some reason (and still, no child that young is going to successfully outwit trained trackers) or without being unable to respond/no longer there  due to force/violence.
Great job, you're growing so much. 👍
This is a pretty simple case of a small child with developmental disabilities wandering into the woods and disappearing.   It’s actually pretty simple, they have a trail, the trail was lost at the creek and the child continued past the creek. Why? Because it’s a child with developmental disabilities. Processing, intellectual, sensory, emotional, attention, whatever it may be, can intrinsically affect the ability to function “normally”. What might seem normal to us may not even come to mind, and he was SIX.   It’s pretty open and shut, no conspiracy, no weirdness, just a dense and foggy brush on a steep mountain. He just got lost and died.
I got annoyed and shut this off about six minutes in.
I think I asked him to do a missing 411 vid in a comment before
made pretty much that same exact drive this summer. wouldn’t wish it on anyone
Crushing leaves in woods while someone talks in background ASMR
You’ve come so far since the earliest videos I found you on. Someone give this man a tv show!
Super cool ya went on location, pretty wild story and worth the wait 👍👍
I'm so pissed that I got zero notification for this!
man it's too bad Wendigoon went missing in that park 3 weeks after he left it.
To think that Wendigoon probably drove right past my house. I live right on the fastest route between Phoenixville PA to Gatlinburg TN
I love the on-location videos
Damn Wendi the gender envy is so real, drop the workout routine homie 😩
For fucks sake I'm almost ten minutes in. Tell the fucking story or label your video "unfunny hike".
About that buddy system, I was a cub scout once and left the camp fure to get something I don’t remember from my tent and it was pitch dark and i fell backwards on top of a rock and it knocked the wind out of me, at night, in the woods, by myself. Funny looking back at it but they did let my ass go solo😂
Oh my god the typical youtuber fumfering around at the start is painful.  You're better than this. Please don't include filler of you and your friends driving. Its unwatchable.
Do the lore of the Appalachian crackheads in downtown Asheville  next
YASSSSS new wendigoon lets gooooo
A group  of cannibals where in the woods. The government wiped them out.
weee neeed a TREE PEOPLE video........ please and thanks in advance!
i dunno, dad is pretty sus to me…
My thoughts are, the green berets kept exploring past the creek, and found him… or at least part of him there. However, the state they found him in, wether it was done by an animal or a human, was so horrifying and traumatizing that they left it out of the public ear, and maybe informed the parents privately. If it was an animal it could have been kept secret to maintain tourism as Gatlinburg is a tourist hotspot, and if it was done by another human it could be either the same or it could be to not give gratification to the murderer. Sometimes murderers enjoy the fame from their cases and they did not want to give this one that pleasure or a reason to do it again.   Idk my thoughts I guess.
Bear ate him, problem solved
im not a fan of the vlog style story telling it gets really hard to listen to when other sounds a fighting to be heard
27:27 Facial expression wise : This was straight up American Psycho
Damn worst fathers day ever.
the kid fell into the backrooms
I can’t wait for the Wendigoon Mr Ballen crossover
#8 on trending?!? Happy for you king that’s what’s up ❤
Wasn't there a story in China or some country. That this lady or man went missing in a forest. And it turned out she went missing near a military base. And it was believed the military accidentally shot her during an army practice and tried to cover it up. (I think they proved they did, or there was enough evidence to believe that)  The Green Berets were in that area training. And they did go near the creek, and they went ghost for 3 days. Maybe they accidentally shot the kid during a training exercise. I can see how they would want to hide this. The army kills a 6-year-old in the USA. They do not even want to admit to the kids they killed in foreign countries.  Have there been any witness accounts of shots fired around the time Dennis was missing?
Imagine getting lost and winding up as sasquatches lover
411 videos are always great from Wendigoon
Moral of the story: Never, under any circumstances, go to Tennessee.
Up until the pandemic I had gone up there for over 20 years every summer and never knew about this.
Im sure someone has thought of this before....but wendigoon looks like he can Be Brandon Herrera's brother.
If you wanna buy em & cover shipping I’ll get you Dr.Enuf all day homie. It’s made in my hometown. It’s the original, & better Mountain Dew which was also originally from this area.
I wanted to watch what could have been an interesting video, but a bunch of giggling, bumbling Yankees just can’t get it done OBVIOUSLY
Finally
Is it me or did he change the thumb nail 3 times already?
I need to know where those shirts come from they’re all beautiful
I live in the Appalachians and I can confirm, you have to fight at least three inbred wild men just to get on the school bus each morning.
Yeah I’m not taking the trash out tonight, boys. Last thing I need is for some Gatlinburg goon down in Chattanooga.
Felt like I was watching a more lighthearted version of the Blair witch project lmao
I like the new camera angles! They almost make Wendigoon look the height of a completely normal human being!
Ita unfortunate that the camera doesn't have OIS. This shaky cam takes me back to Blair Witch Project days.
This is #9 on Trending as of this moment
Backrooms
Question for Wendigoon. Would it be possible or have you ever considered doing a long form video analysis of any of the games from the Silent Hill games? I'd love to hear your perspective on them (especially Silent Hill 2). Also what are your opinions on the new Silent Hill games being developed?
It’s just impossible for something or someone to take him with no sound he might’ve gone in shock but animals like bears and cougars don’t do that they don’t prey on humans that much especially groups of active people a cougar just wouldn’t this isn’t their behavior its just insane
I'm all for it, but the only thing that hurts credibility is time frames. Most people are pretty bad at judging time, especially from memory.
Ah back into the Dennis Martin case
How many squirrels? Maybe one at a time, they're pretty fast.
Nice shows 👌
FINALLY!! I’ve been waiting for missing 411 for so long thank you lord wendigoon for gracing us on this day 🙇🙇🙇🙇
Having visited Gatlinburg TN this past January and stayed right by the Smoky Mountains, it's definitely an understatement to say that they're beautiful yet "dark". A group of friends and I went to a hiking trail in the woods surrounding the Smoky Mountains early in the afternoon. (Probably closer to 10 am) We came to an opening in the trail and we could see the Smoky Mountains a lot clearer than we had before. Though because of how early it was and because it was winter, we couldn't clearly see the tops of the mountains yet. But later on in the day, when we were at this shopping plaza, the morning haze and fog had moved away and we could clearly see the breath taking height and power the mountains had. At night, it was as dark as dark could get. We were staying in this lodge at the edge of the woods. During the day, we could see the mountains, but at night, even though the area by the lodge was well lit, it was as if the mountains tucked themselves away for the night and couldn't be seen until the sun rose into the early morning sky.  I hope you enjoyed my recollection of my trip early this year and you were able to imagine the sights and sounds my friends and I heard and saw during our stay there.
Some crimes are so horrific they don't tell the public about them. Various reasons: to avoid copycats, prevent mass hysteria, prevent vigilantism, etc.
holy shit im from east tn like an hour away from gatlinburg and ive never heard of this!!!!
Okay call me a skeptic, but I'm going down the route of occkam's razor, and I mean this with the utmost respect for all involved  It was raining the day of/recently, kid  might've slipped, or otherwise got a shoe stuck in mud, only for a flash flood of that river to sweep him away?
bigfoot and aliens. If that has any truth to it than i'd just say that the aliens are more interested in bigfoot than us. or maybe they'd..... nvm it's silly regardless
Love the bonfire style videos. It goes along really well with the outdoor folklore.
Good vid
i remember finding wendigoon at the very very beginning of 2021 and thinking “another awesome youtuber who probably wont get the notoriety he deserves” ….. boy was i wrong😂and im so happy
A skin walker sitting right in the darkness listening
Aye #8 on trending? Let’s go wendigoon
Watching you guy get lost in my home county is hilarious. It does seem confusing, but us hillbillys love it. Although many things get lost here, it's almost always human error or ignorance.
As someone who’s job involves looking through military files- it is in incredibly common for military paperwork (like what the green berets were up to) in the pre internet era to go missing. Fires happen, flooding happens, paper degrades or gets dropped behind cabinets, etc. Just ask any veteran who’s applied for disability through the VA, they’ll have lots to say about the subject.
he's changed the tumbnail like 3 times
"Why would you wear loafers?"  *pans down*  "Pan back up. This is called drip, it's different."
I live in Oak Ridge which is about an hour from gatlinburg. i live on the edge of the woods here and i have heard some absolutely WACK shit at night, not just coyotes howling and such, but positively unexplainable shit. Just the energy in the air here at night is something ive never felt anywhere else. During the summer this year, me and homie sat outside all night many many times, we heard so much weird shit between 1 am and 5 am. The oddest thing i heard was a loud scream or something followed by what i can only describe as the most horrific yelping from every fuckin direction. It sounded like a demonic coyote (thats the only way i can describe it, it defo not a coyote as it was coming from all around.) We booked it back in my house cuz we were both scared shitless. This city does have a pretty dark history (oak ridge was a military town that assisted in the construction of nukes in ww2) so it wouldn't surprise me if there really was some scary shit in the woods here. We also have a lab here where they do some sketchy shit (a very large one at that, its an entire compound in a valley.)
new vid new vid new vid
Yes this was great! Maybe once every 4 months you could go somewhere and do a special like this
I drive over the mountains at least twice a year to go see my family and back some times  it's terrifying because we usually go during the night and it's just kinda terrifying sometimes cause you'll hear something and think ooooooh what le fuck is that so yeah the mountains can be scary
Dude Id give you a 100 to quickly say “this vide is brought to you by established titles.” In a video.😹🤣😂 thatd be so epic 🤣
There was a video by a channel called Horror Stories it was their first video and it’s effectively a interview between someone I forget who but someone close to the case and a radio personality explaining there own perspective, really wish there was a better way to find archives of stuff like that
Make more iceberg videos!
Lore Lodge content just isn't on your level mate..
I still don't know how. But mexicans were involved.
Once again Wendigoon I am asking you to read Bibliomania
naur not gatlinburg.... i literally was jsut talking to my dad about how i wanted to go hike and camp in the park because its a hour from me. i like literally just got back from a vacation there like.... 7 hours ago
"They found a bare foot by the river..." Me, having just woken up: "They found a bear's foot? That's weird, I wonder how...Oh."
The irl investigation stuff is awesome
Dr. Enuf cherry is amazing
Need us a clip of that Wendigoon stride
Literally a perfect video
Two different titles depending on who you believe more: "Two Yankees kidnap simple Mountain Dweller for expedition for missing people." Or, "Crazed Mountain man lures unsuspecting Yankees into his domain."
Calling Sperry's drip is one of the most Appalachian things I've heard in a while lol. God it's so nice to have a popular youtuber who celebrates being from here
as a tennessean, had a wildman crawl through the bathroom window this morning. true inconveniences!
Love the Lore lodge, and the goon. Perfect duo, always! Thank you for what you both do
Great video! Keep em coming cause I won’t stop looking
What if the fur covered individual spotted on the ridge was a man in a ghillie suit. Most people wouldn't have any idea what that was back then.
I live less than an hour from Severville, this was cool to watch.
seeing wendigoon out and walking around instead of just sitting at his desk is like a cryptid in of itself
Damn Wendi looks fucking jacked.
pls do more videos with him abt 411 like this i really loved it
The legends at the end are phenomenal. I want more videos like the one you did around Halloween that are just folktales unknown to those outside of these regions.
Whenever I hear wendigoon talk about his grandpa I realize how similar they must’ve been
wendy is gonna be hunted by a man-eater (you know the type) for saying that name, out loud, in the middle of a national park where people go missing. wendy is gonna be reported dead sometime soon
Off the top of my head, the FBI might have kept the kid's discovery secret if whatever it was that killed/kidnapped him was in some way connected to them. Unfortunately this kind of gets us deep into the conspiracy rabbithole and questions about how powerful, evil, and potentially pedophilic the government actually is. Most reasonably though, we could theorise along the lines of some three letter operative going rogue and kidnapping the kid, and it being decided at the fbi that it would be better on balance to leave it as a mystery than expose themselves or a sister agency to the huge amount of public scrutiny that would come upon them if the truth came out.
Wendigoon blink once if you would like to steal the declaration of independence.
Bro, Dr. Enuf is amazing! I bought a ridiculous amount of them when I was passing through Tennessee
Never mentioned the Rugaru but it’s more wearwolf than ape
I can tell you and i get the same insta adds because i too have that same feckle camo warrior co shirt.
I like the idea of you going to the actual places and incorporating other people with these videos but it makes it hard to follow the story in my opinion. I enjoyed the more direct concise videos you were putting out previously. I love the growth and experimentation tho wendigoon!
This is really a bizarre cases without the wild man Bigfoot theories.   If something ordinary happened and he just wandered in the wrong directions to where he thought the voices came from.  I don't buy how many resources went into his search and never found a trace.   It's very hard to beat a manhunt where your freedom is on the line and you really really don't want to be found.   Let alone a random kid
Been waiting for a follow up on the original 411 video for a long time and I'm so happy to see the wait was worth it! Looking forward to any future instalments. Amazing work as always Wendigoon
I too hear whooping from the woods after dark but I assumed it was just a juggalo
Dudes, battington got hacked
Mr Ballen has done all these at least twice
He much have put on his older brothers shoes and no one noticed. I used to do that a lot as a kid and I know others did as well. My parents would buy the same shoes in different sizes for us sometimes, so if his parents did that as well it may explain why nobody noticed that. If his older brother knew that Dennis was wearing his shoes (cuz my siblings would notice when I was wearing theirs) I doubt he would have mentioned that cuz 1. To a kid that would seem like a non-important piece of evidence and 2. Dennis was special needs, so his brother probably wouldn’t be very upset about this one thing. Especially if it was a common occurrence. Just a thought :)
i adore gatlinburg Tennessee, we used to go there all the time as a family to my "relative" (she wasnt actually a relative she was just a long-LONG time friend of my mom's) she sadly moved away from there but we still go up there occasionally and its so nice. however now that i think about it, whenever we go there something just feels off half the time. i couldnt tell you why, sometimes things just didnt sit right, so to hear you talk about something relating to gatlinburg really excites me.
man its so cool to see them going through the Smokies. Im from knoxville and it's dope to see some home representation lol
I’m so sad about what I assume happened. Adult grabbed the kid immediately and ran. 5 minutes? 30 minutes? Doesn’t matter, it was some sick persons happy day that’s it to me this is sadly no mystery
Absolutely insane how many leaps and bounds this channel has been making with the quality of these videos. Huge props Wendi!
I would like you to do a video on the guy to got raped by the horny female mountain lion.
I’m from Knoxville and had no idea about any of this! Wow! Do more local content please! Or don’t, I’ll still watch haha
I absolutely loved this video, awesome content! I really like The Lore Lodge’s content as well so I was very happy to see this in person collab !   Isaiah what’s up with the color grading of the ad video and the end of the video 47:29  ? It looks like you filmed in S-Log and didn’t color grade it ! Like your skin tone looks completely unnatural ! Do you need help with that ?
I'm just happy to see dr.enuf get respect on its name
Pls do smile tapes
Looking forward to you two becoming grizzly, nature hardened men as you get in better and better shape with this video format.
It was Manbearpig!
“Who would wear loafers…”Wendigoon’s face 😂 it’s okay Wendigoon, I go hiking in the wrong shoes all the time.
I need a Blaire Witch Wendigoon Ver. rn >:(
definitely want more content like this, or even just more videos with different locations/settings. Love wendigoon and always am telling my friends about the channel!
6:31 strong Blair witch vibes “do you have the map?” Etc.
Man I love seeing all the local mysticism, folklore, and mysteries plugged on the channel as of late. I'll go to Dr enuf headquarters personally and talk to them about sponsoring you 🤣
This video is how I found out that Wendigoon's name is Isaiah so that's fun
We get another one!!!
If you haven’t done it already, you should do a video on The Day the Music Died - Feb. 3, 1958
Yup, these are the kind of himbos I'm attracted to. lol
wendigoon is wearing either flaktarn or alpenflage camo pattern button down Tshirt with i think khakee cargo pants and loafers
Is it just me or does The Lore Lodge look like he's on something in this video? He's so pale and constantly twitching and clenching his jaw. I only bring it up because I've done my fair share of stimulants and myself and my friends acted very similar. Maybe I'm just bugging but a fantastic video nonetheless. Wendigoon always delivering that 5 star content
Love this new style of content, Keep up the good work. As always!
Ik this has nothing to do with the video but this is why I think the back rooms at so scary because you can just disappear and never come back and the fact that this has probably happened multiple times before and after this is just horrifying
the editing is becoming really good, although the video is a bit too much documentary for me and not enough crazy guy with a whiteboard
Man i can attest to the scary weird shit you can find out south me and my friend where walking down a slop into some woods not even a mile behind his house and as we went down there we were following a creek and came across somthing moving id say 200-400m ahead my friend and i quickly realized how unfortunate we were coming across a mountain lion so we dipped I dont fuck with the woods no more fuck that. Great video i like videos like these id imagine we will start seeing more people making videos like these in the future bringing more ideas and possibly even more clarity on situations such as these kepp up the great work G.
41:50 just listen until the hunter part
Any YouTube in a forest gives me ptsd, especially when “looking for a body”
"Pan back up this is DRIP! it'S DIFFERENT!" My sides are in orbit
If Dennis' brother was with him in the bush shouldn't he know more of maybe where he went? I might've misunderstood the story and it is no accusation, but it baffles me that he wasn't at least asked where Dennis went? Or is that just me being stupid?
Hey Wendi, first of all, I love your videos! Second, I was wondering if you would consider doing a video talking about the story of Krampus, I don’t know a lot about it and I really like the way you talk about topics. I love your vids <3
Podcasssssttttt
Love the format for this series!! It's different and interesting, plus I love seeing more of a dialogue it was super cool!
Good video.  Can't wait for more.
nah i feel so bad for these two, like everything that could have gone wrong, apparently did
"Why would he wear loafers?" lol Wendigoon wearing loafers in the same place hahaha
goes on epic hike, to find... a bush.... piqué content.
This Blair Witch Project remake sure is weird.
Nice to see you looking at David paulides
Would LOVE for Wendigoon to get someone to make official subtitles for all his videos. This one especially would have benefited.
Love this series good to listen to while studying
I wish you were my dad
If anyone knows it's probably his brother who was last seen with him. I'm not saying the Brother did something to him but he may of seen something that left him petrified and was to afraid to say anything.
please do more like this, i love the idea of you collaborating with more like minded content creators
Amazing Wendigoon vid as usual
The production value is getting so high that I actually have to sit and watch the entire video now. -_-
Guys just being dudes
Why did the thumbnail change!? The first one was soooo much better 😢
Going missing doesn’t scare me as much as the thought of my family having no idea what happened to me does
I'm from McNairy County and have never heard the story of the carnival. Thank you for teaching me about my own folklore.
Wendigoon looks like a low budget religious culture leader
I would describe what Wendy is wearing as soled moccasins not loafers.
Good vid I watch both channels
You look like young Sheldon and I can’t unsee it
The first thing I thought of when I heard about the screaming was female foxes. I was backpacking in the north woods the first time I heard them scream, freaked me out so bad. I kinda figured it was some kind of fox but my friend who was with me said he thought it was some supernatural shit or a woman screaming. It was like running towards our hammocks too so kinda haunting lol.
I live in middle tennesse on the outskirts of nashville and my backyard growing up had woods that stretched a few miles and i remember seeing what looked like a person in the woods at night from my home sometimes
Boivert.....please check out biovert!
I love being a Tennessean
Finally
Ok but has anyone come across any random sets of stairs?
There's something just so really lovely about you guys just telling stories about myths at the campfire and I would kill for you and guests just doing that for hours on end
tennessee amiright 💞
I do want to ask the question on here, and I’m coming from a place of sincerity with this too, not really looking to be trolled, also I’m not totally done with the video so maybe it was covered. Has anyone given any amount of time or effort to the idea that maybe the story of the son being lost in the woods was just a cover up for his murder by his parents?  And maybe it was already determined this isn’t what happened, but still. I ask because it is plausible and I honestly think there’s people walking around today who’ve gotten away with this sort of thing.  Again, just coming from a point of maybe the reason why they kept coming up short is because he was never lost in the woods to begin with.
Do more missing 411 cases please!
Wendigoon, when are you going to narrate mystery and horror books on audible for us?? 😁
Just a man and his dad walking through the woods on a mystery case.
That creeped me out when he said phoenixville that's my home town
MORE LIVE ACTION WENDIGOON! YEEEEAAAAH!
Why would you wear loafers out here, pans down to wendi’s loafers 😂
While down in Tennessee you should head to the infamous devil house in Georgia
I was told, I believe by a military member my memory is fuzzy, that military CAN NOT aid in police activities.  But this is today not back then.
At 411k views when watching
This is such a phenomenal video. The Missing 411 cases always hit hard for me, I spent a couple of summers working in the woods out by Mt Saint Helens and there’s a lot of weird experiences from that, but I also know one of the families covered in the Missing 411 books. The dad is a close friend of my parents, and the kid’s disappearance is still something we pray about.  RIP Sammy Boelke, we’ve never forgotten about you.
love the thumbnail!!
The explination feel obvious to me that Dennis was removed from this place & disposed of. Getting lost in the forest would be an excellent way to cover up getting rid of troublesome family members. He also could have been kidnapped. So many people, plus helicopters and dogs find nothing? Yeah, this is a murder. Or he fell into the water & was swept away.
Up here in the Maryland end of Appalachia, we have the Goatman.  I don’t know much about him except he’s a Goatman.
Interesting how half of the video is wendigoon going on rants about sightings of giants.
Do mothman next
Hey Sam you're a f****** Jew 👋
.
i just visited the smokies for the first time last August, your recent videos have made me Need to go back and also Terrified to sleep there again
The talk of folklore is really interesting with the rise of creepy pastas which are essentially internet folklore
ankles broken, child stolen
Love your channel but you guys need to work put more often.
I spend a lot of time in the Smoky Mountains. Many, many nights. I can tell you that it can be very strange deep in the woods. Sounds of things walking through the woods but no tracks, no indication there was anything there.
Love the on location video! And now thanks to The Lore LodgeI have another handsome man to tell me scary stories!
I'm so happy that you do collabs & mix up your video structures occasionally 🥰 keep up the good work!
I really enjoyed the change you did for this one and would love to see more on location videos like this
Ok so i have a theory maybe just like you guys falling into the leaves on the water surface he also did that probably twice or 3 times (as you said it was his first time hiking) the third one wld be so deep that he goes in and cant come back out at that point hed be underwater so the dogs wldnt be abke to find him and the green beret either found him and kept it private or did and erased the report as to not look bad seeing as this is their exact expertise and this would make them look really bad like defundable so they chalk it up to nature being chaotic instead of the fact that they couldnt find him
“If you’re from the region” is nice for “if you have common sense” 😭😭
Wendigoon got so popular SO fast that we got an up in content quality and we didn't even noticed. It sort of just happened in front of us lmao Wendidad going on all sorts of trips now and stuff I love it ❤️
Maybe an eagle took him, I don't know about the wild life in that area but that's what would make the most sense to me
From what we saw in the beginning of this video, while they were exploring the creek, there are "leaf-bed traps" of water and mud along the creek. Dennis' last known location was crossing the creek. If they never found tracks suggesting he successfully fully crossed the creek, then I think it's likely Dennis sunk into a deep patch of mud under one of these "leaf-bed traps" and couldn't get out. His body might be somewhere in the mud along the creek.
I feel like someone is lying. How was Doug so close yet not hear a thing?
The Smokey mountains are my favorite :)
Not going to lie thought that reddish haired fellow was billaim
So glad you've covered this case, love your content. Have a great christmas
The dynamic of their friendship is just that child leash meme with Aidan in the child leash and Wendigoon holding him back from barraging some poor national park employee with questions about conspiracies
"why would you wear loafers out here" "well..."
I obviously don't mind the occasional joke in a video like this, but some of what you included in the final edit here felt a little atonal and disrespectful. You were way, way more reverent about the Brown Mountain lights.
i sit alone in my room pointing a gun at my door i am surrounded by darkness the light being my computer emitting a dim light
I could listen to this for hours
Wendigoons real name is Isaiah‼️‼️
Ghosts aren't real and the supernatural is make believe fairy tail nonsense
Gotta say there's a lot of fluff on this one, wasn't a fan
Wendi's shirt don't fit. But looks good. How is that?
Wonder if it has something to do with a possible pedo ring that could or could not possibly exist in possibly our government, which would use paid cops and fbi agents as well as sf to pretend it didn't happen especially considering a missing shoe and the sf guys saying the dad said "it's not the right size"
me and my brother have been waiting for ur missing 411 series to start love the first video and the fairness to the more mundane and natural theories.
I love learning all about these old folktales, I recently moved across the country to an area near Gatlinburg, TN so it’s cool to hear these legends
They should make a horror survival game based around the Smokies. It would be game of the year on god!
19:00 Lee stroud is a kook though. The entire bushcraft YouTube space has outperformed any educational or entertainment value he may have once provided.
Finally some more missing 411
Missing 411 are crazy and I'll always be here to listen. *tho, there was a lil too much rambling for me
Still waiting for that deep dive on giants.
not a fan of this format, i love all forms of experimentation but i hope this isn’t gonna become the standard. my  main issue is the decline in audio quality, and the amount of background noise. i can appreciate the idea of having other people help you tell the story tho
the Appalachian mountains folklore is similar to other countries because the mountains were a part of them. look up a picture of the land before it broke apart. the Appalachians were also in Greenland, Ireland, the uk and africa. it is truly insane
i’m from jc and i just went to gatlinburg 2 days ago and I’ve known about the dennis case for almost 2 years i think now? I think that It definitely was either a bear or a wild mountain man. Cades cove is known for black bear sightings and the mountain man theory is just interesting.
DR ENUF EAST TENNESSEE I LOVE U WENDIGOON COME TO JOHNSON CITY
i live so close to where this happened wendigoon ur so fine o want u
i love you
This video is amazing. If this missing 411 series is going to be like this I'm going to love every minute of it. Plus that drip Wendigoon! So much eye candy
My personal belief is a bobcat walked right up to them and snatched him away. They are INCREDIBLY quiet when hunting. Bears tend to be a lot louder when walking around. Yes, I actually have firsthand experience with bears, wolves, and large cats in the wild. I did A LOT of hiking/camping as a teen and young adult. The parents were very helpful during the search. If humans took him I feel there would've been more physical evidence left behind. The mystery print by the water is unfortunately just that, a mystery. Could it have been a cryptid of some sort? I wasn't there, so all possibilities regardless of how silly they MAY seem are still possible. But, once again, pretty sure it was a bobcat. Grabbed him, snapped his neck, took off with him. I hope his family was able to be reunited one day upon death, as sad as that may seem. Let this tale be another lesson in telling the people you love that you love them today, right now, because none of us are guaranteed a later.
I LOVE THIS
i’m not saying this isn’t an odd case but kids can definitely get through brush that adults can’t or would never think of trying to get thro
Will Wendigoon  make more videos in this series? The first missing 411 video was how I found this channel and I'd love to see more of it!
This video is amazing! You should go out on-sites and see the real places just be safe as you do!
DR. ENUF SPONSOR I LOVE WENDIGOON EVEN MORE NOW. (I live in the town its made at)
This is wild, I’m about a hour away from where this is
Always love your collabs with lore lodge!
Interesting missing person case devolved into an episode of monster hunters. Ugh 🙄
36:09 hey wasn’t that what that Until Dawn spin off was based on?
Whoah
What if Dennis feel down a deep hole that was inside the bush? That would atleast explain why he seemingly vanished and didn't make any noise, though not so much the other possible sightings
Worth the wait tbh
Although I don't really believe in any supernatural stuff, I still find your videos really interesting and fun. Keep it up dude. You are a legend
“This is called drip it’s different” 😂😂
Not you posting the video I’ve been waiting for on the day I got fired from my job. Best mood booster ever ✨
Holy crap I live in tennessee and go to gatlinburg all the time! It’s so cool to see a recognizable location in a video. Great vid!
I'm always super interested in stories about ape men because I think it is such a cool concept that there may just be some creature that shares a recent (around 2-3 MYA is what I mean by "recent") common ancestor with humans. I wish these things were real, but they aren't :(
Strapped in tight as soon as I recognized those Phoenixville apartments they drove by. Come to Blobfest!
Surprised he didn’t bust out the nods for this one
Are those loquats?
I really love this series. Please continue it!
watching this as a gatlinburg native is weird as hell...
As an East TN native with Gatlinburg in the Many national Park in my backyard, I am no stranger too terrifying and unexplainable phenomena. Especially for the period of time I live in the Cosby area where everyone’s house is in the woods on a mountain a fair bit away from any big city infrastructure
This was a real treat. I'm totally down for more in the field stuff!
Just wanted to let you know that this video was absolutely amazing
Wendigoon: This is the EXACT location Dennis Martin went missing!   *trips on something buried near the bush*  “Ow. What was that?”   *looks down*  *sees a child’s skull buried in the dirt*   👁️ 👄 👁️
Did you go strapped though?
Love it, keep up the good work!
Absolutely blown away by how good your content is becoming professional-wise. The past 2 years have been insane, looking forward to more content and growth on your behalf!
I think far more likely and horrifying than any supernatural explanation is a local park ranger or green beret nabbing the kid, and it being covered up
Wendigoon, I enjoyed this video and I am here to let you know in the comments. I want to see more of them, so you will get on them. B Y E
This is a incredibly heartbreaking story to hear. But I think it more likely that he wondered off and potentially fell victim to a cougar. Possibly after that foot print was found, and due to him being a minor the Green berets informed the family of what they found privately and due to it being the 60s and a general lack of information its possible that he was found, just not found alive.
You are both so cute
“pan back up this is called drip, it’s different”
"the tree people" Gemini home entertainment intensufies
Yes more of this please and thank you
Another Delta Green cover up
Yes please more 411!
Bro some people are going to genuinely think you were serious when you said you were "being held against my will and am at gunpoint" conspiracy nuts go wild lol
That was freaking awesome ! Thank you for the work put in to this. Subbed The Lore Lodge :)
This video looks like a found footage documentary that I would watch about them going missing
I respect the drip.
When I first moved to the Appalachia I was very wary of the region. However, the longer you live there the more appreciation you get for the power of nature itself. With that comes an understanding of the outdoors and what lives there. It’s truly not as scary as some people paint it as, as long as you know how to protect yourself.
"They're good people if it wasn't for Aiden."- Wendigoon.  What did he mean by this?
10:26they did a good job scaring there parents
My money is aways on human trafficking.  Whether it be sponsored by the government or not.
Istg wendigoon you can't be this attractive I have a girlfriend goddamnit
Oh my God there's a time dilation the loafers that they saw on the ground were yours the times are overlapping
Please Wendigoon, you should make a full video about the Fair Folk. For figures that are nowadays represented in characters like Tinker Bell, the lore behind them is genuinely terrifying.
Ok i'll admit it, it was me. I was just doing a little trolling
I would love to see more videos like this, unfortunately I don't really get to look at the video itself when I listen at work but I try to watch later.
please please please, can you do that story about the caver him and his friend spend weeks opening up a hole in some rocks, and there is howling, but he is enthralled and goes in anyways and there are pictures and stuff, please
Bruh I fucking love Dr. Enuf. It slaps but its way to much sugar for an everyday drink. If I drink one Im drinking 2
Daddy beats mommy
OK, is The Lore Lodge DoItWith Dan's twin?
Wendigoon seems like every episode he slowly gets closer to revealing he is a full supporter of Appalachian independence
I think there has to be a tracking guide for stuff like this for rangers and special forces. Things like just backpacks, just shoes, short sets of footprints etc..where when they see those signs, they’re protocol is immediately to stop, restrict the area and wait for reinforcements. Like, those footprints could’ve indicated to the rangers that they weren’t equipped to handle whatever was across that river. And they’re training was to keep people away from the area to prevent further disappearances. Because, hear me out, is a lone set of small footprints, missing a shoe, not a sign of struggle?
sounds like the government to me
One important aspect you didn't mention that David Paulides pointed out in one of his videos: Green Berets never engage in domestic SAR missions. The fact that they did in this one case is completely out of the ordinary and in itself should raise a lot of questions.
The videos when it’s just you are really good.
Please do more videos with the lorelodge guys
Wendigoon joins the missing 411 speed run any %
Huh. Came for a missing persons 411 case, got hooked learning some really interesting local folklore that's completely new to me.
why do you have so many doors
peetah get yo money peetah
I don't like this new travel content
Small criticism: It’s kind of uncool to uncritically share that “freak show escapee” story. A lot of people in freak shows were literal slaves who were disabled and were sold to the shows by their families :/
Wonder if any of those Green Berets are alive and willing to talk
Give me more of this!
I love these local legends. I live in the piedmont of NC but I’ve always been drawn to the Appalachian mountains. So it’s awesome to see someone taking about the local legends by some one from the area
Do Dennis Prager next!
Loving your recent videos
You should do more book stories
Personally i really dislike this type of video because it can be hard to hear what is being said.
Damnit! Y'all were in my neck of the woods and I didn't get to buy y'all a beer. I'm genuinely distraught. 😅
It was definitely a military installation over the creek. Idk if they found the kid’s body, but my guess is they pointed people away from the creek because of classified info. They probably didn’t find anything. My guess is he got swept away in a flash flood while playing by the creek
I really like the on-site format but for the love of all that is unholy... Deal with the shaky cam lmao
1:55 I actually know the girl whose family owns Dr Enuf, i may have to put in a call ;D
Did anyone think the Wildman is like a position that must be filled and Dennis got a mentorship opportunity he couldn't refuse?
Does anyone have the story of the "Keith Perkins" that @The Lore Lodge mentioned at around 18 minutes?
uhh can we have just normal videos of you in your house talking to us like your friends about some mysteries and telling us awesome stories? the vibe that created made this one of my fav channels on yt, this overly tryhard filmmaker-type video feels kinda fake to me, I want the old wendigoon back :(
Gatlinburg is absolutely lovely though the mountains really do feel like you could go missing easy
Another thing to note, if the Green beret’s or special forces suspected foul play in the creek, they more then likely didn’t want the family or volunteers possibly contaminating the crime scene.
I live close by and would have loved to have gotten the chance to meet the one and only Wendigoon. The mountains are definitely ominous in the area and lots of weird stuff happens.
Me, a Tennessee native listening to descriptions of the Smokies: yeah. Yeah that tracks. Respect the forest and the mountains, or you will fall prey to them
I need one of these for every case
People need to stop taking the Missing 411 seriously. The guy behind it is completely untrustworthy. He takes what he wants from any story and leaves out all the parts, which don't fit his agenda. Scientists agree that his methods are unscientific and illogical, Park Rangers will tell you that these cases are almost entirely completely normal, nothing weird or unexplainable about them. I mean, come on, Paulides is a frigging Bigfoot Hunter who has made up a whole legend about people being abducted or killed by some form of unknown hominid. Perhaps, IDK, like a Bigfoot or Sasquatch? People will say he was a cop, as if this makes his claims in any way more believable. If anything, he probably knows better how to fake evidence or willingly misinterpret it as anybody else.  Hm, can I think of ANY reason for a little kid to go beyond the bush and leave the trail? Like  a beautiful butterfly, or seeing a squirrel, or like any other harmless form of distraction that was more interesting than trudging down a boring trail. Even adults can lose orientation fast in the deep woods, even just a few hundred feet from a trail, how much more likely is it for a little kid who is also a little slow. And after that happened, any number of things could have happened and though gruesome, nothing needed to be unexplainable at all.  What I find so interesting with people like Wendigoon and other similar youtubers, how can you be so critical and distrustful of your government and look for conspiracies in everything, but OTOH completely lose all scepticism and critical mindset, when it is about something allegedly mysterious? Where are the sources for these claims, what reason would Park Rangers and even Special Forces to muddle investigations into a little kid disappearing? Are there more reasonable explanations for what has transpired?
This is unexplainable if we assume everything everyone relates is truthful and accurate. That's the issue with these things. People aren't cameras. They have no perfect recall.
dude on the right was sweating his soul out for this vid. respect
The goooooooon
Poor little Dennis fell through to the Backrooms. In all seriousness, I hope he is still alive. If not, my condolences to the family.
its so insane to witness how his content went from him recording on his phone to a documentary level budget
Great work, really
the rain honestly was a vibe for this
Maybe it was giants
Its awesome how the search for the missing kid was a fun laughing time for you and your buddies.
Ranger regiment? Ranger tabbed? State park rangers?
Just the thing to get me out of a depressed rut, a missing child case discussed by a sentient Hawaiian shirt
Hopefully you cover ruby ridge in your regular format. I like these where you're on site but your room format is the best.
How haven't you done a video on project high jump yet or MK ultra come on man get on the real crazy conspiracy train
so gay you
Okay, what if there’s a ”tribe” of wild men in the forest that has secret hiding spots or tunnels and they kidnapped Dennis in order to bring in some fresh genes. I hate myself for this thought, but still
Dang, Goon!  Packin some heat on the back side!
ugh this style of telling the case while exploring ala "buzzfeed unsolved" is so annoying
Just got engaged on the Appalachian trail in April. We started at Cades cove and did it at Rocky top
2 million let's go
I'm sorry but "that footprint cant be his because it's a little too big" is not cutting it for me. It seems very plausible to me that he got his shoe dirty or something, took it off, and to the creek to wash it or whatnot, and then died from there. Adding water into the equation seems to add clarity to me
It's quite interesting getting all these in the field type videos from you recently.
Ahh, my favorite YouTuber, Ben Tennyson's hot cousi5
Creek flooded, not by the rainstorm, but by the Werepires.
Y’all need a gimbal or something bad I’m about the blow chunks with this Blair witch camera work
We need a Wendigoon/Mr. Ballen campfire collab.
The forest people definitely got him
Loved this, thank you for going out there and showing us the location. It really brings the story to life. Yes please make more of these if possible.
I feel like this isn't that mysterious, an open and shut case of a mountain lion attack. The boy was the weakest in the group, and was left behind for just enough time for him to be picked off. Tragic.
I love the shaky camera when you guys are waking gives me found footage vibes
Idk about lending too much credence to "local legend". Local legend round these parts normally amounts to "what is the best story".
imagine they find a body
All this time I'm just waiting for it to become the Blair Witch Project
My favorite part of the video is the 7 seconds at 37:00 wendigoon is staring into our souls
what the... i was confused about why another person was speaking on the channel cus its usually Wendigoon, this just tells me that this will be a great video
Lil dude got picked up by a particularly large predatory bird
Didn't you do a video on this before?
I followed the lore lodge after the first cross over video here and have now watched all their videos and joined their patreon
Wendigoon walking??? Prepostorous.  He teleports around like the gigachad he is and all of the walking was done by a double. Prove me wrong.
Nice collab, watched the other one also. Lore lodge seems to be a cool guy.
You left out the bearmen. In the 1900s there were like a dozen stories where children were kidnapped by something all witnesses and rescued children described as bears that ran on two legs.  The witnesses were searchers following tracking dogs, who saw the creature burst from the brush and flee from where they recovered the kids.  Mind you, each incident was one child who disappeared mysteriously and was then found between a day and four days later. All were in good condition and talked about the bearman bringing them food and taking care of them. (The kids described them as bearmen, the witnesses as bears on two legs, for clarification.)
I haven't seen anything about sinkholes or cave systems(in this video). The earth is relatively solid, but some areas are prone to be less so. I can think of 5 places in PA that are caves with water flow that goes down somewhere, nobody knows to where. Wendigoon, please consider the vague subject of "where does water go in caves?" cuz that's on brand for this channel. Crystal Cave in Kutztown is a famous example, water flows down to somewhere. I've heard they put dye, ping pong balls, anything they could think of to trace where that water goes. Nothing showed for it, it's like the water disappears into the earth. I love what I think this channel is about, that's part of the charm of weird stuff. I'm glad there's a community of loose screwed ponderers to be vigilant against actual weirdness and a place to share opinions to work out nonsense from sense.
this new style of thumbnails is really beautiful
What about the possibility that some of these missing cases are just left 'unresolved' simply due to a cover up of incompetence? Like, imagine what would happen if, after two weeks, the authorities found the corpse of the missing child in a spot which they ought to have checked in the first few days, but due to negligence none of them had actually bothered to look and they subsequently lied about checking that spot in order to cover their asses. Do these authorities then proceed to report that the body was found, which entails admitting their negligenc - or do they simply dispose of the body without ever reporting what they had found, that way covering up their negligence so that nobody faces any disciplinary charges?
MORE FOLK TALES PLES
been watching the lore lodge since you first promoted the channel and for anyone who hasnt checked it out if you enjoy wendi then you'll like the lore lodge too most likely
I enjoy videos like this
We hiked around this place when my twin girls were around two, a few years back. I think it was the summer of 2018. We walked in that exact same giant circle trail they were on in the beginning of the video. I knew nothing about the missing 411 back then or this story. As a parent this is horrifying seeing this, at a place I took my kids. Incredible job on this! I stumbled across Wendigoon’s Paradise Lost video, a few weeks ago and it’s by far one of my new favorite channels.
I am fully convinced Wendigoon is just an SCP not yet contained by the Foundation
One thing no one seems to have mentioned... the Blue Ridge area is absolutely lousy with caves and sinkholes. The possibility that the kid could have fallen or even intentionally crawled into a cave or hole and become trapped (or possibly chased an animal or something) is higher than you might think. With so much leaf litter on the ground it's easy to not see that sort of thing... as your problems with the creek proved.
For the love of all that is holy someone please make a black and white zoom into wendis face at 36:35
This was an awesome concept idea^^  Really love your videos! But it would be awesome if you could add your sources so we can have a look ourselves:)
Camera guy working extra hard to get hired by JJ Abrams
ayeee my boy wendigoon always drownin in drip🥶🥶🥶🥶
Damn son, look at that editing. This is new 👀
how have i not subscribed wtf
Gatlinburg is a trip man. Anywhere that's not the usual tourist spots are SCARY
I love the missing 411 stories but for all of these Occam’s razor really seems to be the most logical answer, but those are no fun
I just imagine Andre the Giant walking up behind yall at the fire like "Anybody wanna peanut?"
This is super giggly for the subject matter involved.
It a fucking cult that did it wich one that is up to use to find out
What if denis got captured by the wild man and then turned into one 🤷‍♂️
the start of this video is basically the blair witch project
Okay so this ISN'T mainly a video on the title subject. This is like 75% BTS footage.
8:03 Imagine walking through the woods and hearing someone say “Dennis was four feet tall, 55 pounds, 6 years old, brown hair, brown eyes…”
Christmas came early :,)
trying to watch this shaky footage with a headache made my headache worse
That mass effect theme tho
Inappropriate handling of this subject matter.  Irritating and embarrassing way to remind us all you are just a kid.
Yes please make more of these videos. I really appreciate what you do. I really appreciate all the different kinds of videos you make. You definitely earned your place as a top tier YouTuber.
Ok, i like the videos here usually, but do you not feel at least a little weird talking about a real child who died and going "i'm not saying the wildmen skunkmonke took him, but the army didn't report back every step tbey took to civilian nobodies so maybe??" ? Like, that's a person with a family who never got to see him again
Your ad looks like it was shot on a black magic, you need to grade that stuff even if it's just a preset imo, footage looks very flat colour wise
Omg I thought he meant a bear 🐻 footprint 😂
I can’t hear a thing :(
its sounds kind of weird but i prefer it if the video wasnt highly edited? like its feels more homemade and personal that way
I just started looking at his videos a week ago. That quick, Wendigoon crossover.
Anytime I hear 411 in a youtube I know its 3 minutes away from bigfoot and woowoo monsters.
If there are no reports from anyone else but the green berets about the dad saying that the prints don't match the kid then is it not a possibility that the green berets simply made that up to privately investigate the other side of the creek.
Yeah no offence but wanted an info show not a vlog
lets goooo Wendigoon the absolute legend
RIP Dannis and his Father. Idk who I feel more sorry for honestly.
Love the vibe of this video. I wasn't there but I really felt warm sitting in front of a campfire telling spooky stories. Please do more like that.
The story about the farmer who got juked is just .... a lot
The rain starting as soon as they started to tell the story is so cool
Are you trying to become one of the missing with that shirt?
TOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think the nebulous middle section is biblical fanfiction
wake up baby new wendigoon vid
A little kid getting lost and succumbing to the forces of nature is cruel and horrible but it was still hilarious that even Tony Stark helped.
Man I thought the ad was gonna be the soda but it switched to audible 🥲
the rain was a paid actor at 10:48
As soon as the FBI got involved you knew this kid would never be found again.
When there’s a new wendigoon video:😁😁😁
YES, new video, I'm obsessed ❤️
"How many squirrels do you think you could take?" "Do I have a weapon?"  Yes! these are the questions we need anwsers for!
I don't know how Wendigoon resisted saying "Giants" when they were discussing who or what could have taken the kid
Video has such dudes being bros energy and I love it
Side note I love this new style of videos from you, the interactive aspect of it makes it so enjoyable to watch! Keep up the hard work!
What was the green drink wendigoon was drinking at the start of the video?
E
The Green Berets thing might be as simple as them being told by park rangers to not bother going across the creek and then just doing it anyway but not reporting it.
God bless the dad of that family, he truly cared for his son to have run down 2 miles of trail just on the spot
They're making too much of this. I got lost in a park in Ireland when I was young and they are miniscule compared to the ones in America. Also when do search parties work?
Missing 411 video? No. American folklore 👍
Love all the content you create. Excellent collaboration as well.
250 normies 70 Green Beret beat by a rogue SEAL...
I must inform the camera man that deck/boat shoes are in fact not loafers. That being said they aren't exactly "drip" either... Despite being my father's, grandfather's, and favorite YouTuber's choice of footwear.
it feels weird your home town being brought up in videos about missing kids :/
Dont like this style of video, go back to solo vids in your house.
I have a very random question that i was wondering if anyone could answer. There is a CSGO pro player that looks kinda like u, his name is Jame and he just won the last Major. His knife has the nametag "S.T.A.L.K.E.R", which is kinda funny, and i was interested if somebody knows if its a reference to the movie u are working on or just a coincidence. Much love ❤
Hey your in my neck of the woods lol welcome to TN
Was is that the foot size (bare) was too big or that the shoe size was too big?  Perhaps he broke or sprained his ankle and it swelled to the point he couldn't fit his shoe.
Another common W from Wendigoon
love this! please do more missing 411! I'd personally reccomend the missing enigma for more content like this. his videos are top tier!
To everyone watching with airpods, the noise during the sponsored ad is not in the room with you. I kept pausing to listen and realized it was in the video.
Next time Wendi is in Appalachia esp TN for a video he should reach out to Old Gods of Appalachia
41:45 A WHAT
I wish we had a time machine to see what actually happened in alot of mysteries,not to intefere with what happened but to really just see what happened
Is the other guy Audible?
i bet the wildman has redeyes because it has long eyelashes that constantly get stuck in its eyes
There is a lot of stories of the unknown in Knoxville if u ever come that far do a meet and greet I'd love to meet and pick ur brain
Engagement
300k in 12h notification gang. love the content
🔥the fireside chat was perfect, whoever came up with that deserves a raise!🤣
"I'm at my limit" - Wendigoon, 2022
THIS VIDEO WAS AMAZING!!!
Jerma looking good in this one
I like whatever you make.
As someone who hikes in embroidered Sun Wukong jeans, a button down sunflower shirt, and sick sunglasses, I relate to 26:46 entirely too much.
Evolution doesnt grow you hair
Finally a video with the aidens
Wendi, you really need a better sound recording system, or a better audio editor. The sound levels on this video are all over the place.
More Lore Lodge and Wendi content <3  great work guys :3
We need a full headless creek investigation.
God this one is TERRIFYING. Just the thought of something snatching that baby up so fast and so _quietly..._
Legendary
I love seeing Mattussy and Thornbussy here. They really deserve more recognition for the work they put into their channel.
PLZ PLZ MORE OF THESE
Soooo excitedddd
This reminds me of a picture of missing people on a map of the US dotted and a US map of caves dotted very closely to a majority of the missing people cases dotted on the map.
I really enjoy seeing Robert Redford out here in the woods trying to find answers.
i know you probably already have plans for future videos, but can you cover the Queensland police ambush that happened in australia a few days ago? i keep looking but can't find any unbiased accounts of what happened
Your loafers are drippy wendidad. I too own such drip
...what if the big brother killed the kid?
horror stories has a ineteresting video on this stuff too
I can't wait for the day when Wendigoon inevitably "goes missing" and someone makes a compilation video of all the times he's thrown heat at the FBI
This is the case I think of when I hear 411. Love the coverage and can’t wait to see where you take this series next! 💕
Maybe get a camera stabilizer
Lore Lodge to the moon 🚀🚀
A horrible situation. But can't help but think of the scp children of the night
Great video but part of me wishes I hadn't seen it. 😂
05:10 It doesn't count as "Against your will" if you indulge in their conversation willingly dad. We know you enjoy that kinda nonsense ... that's why we're here.
Forestry services.....it's an abduction or murder....not our animals so cops do your job.
I'm so happy wendigoon is branching out but I was hoping to have someone talk to me while I fell asleep 😭 ig I'll watch this one in the morning 😓
0:50  Sorry, I wasn't paying attention. All I can concentrate on is the DAD SHOES!
*THIS IS CALLED ✨DRIP✨ IT'S DIFFERENT*
10 min in, already great. your awesome dude.  edit: yes these are the best, i literally just want a 3 hour video by a campfire telling scary tales. cant wait for your next ones !!
Wendigoon needs to do a video on the Skeleton boys from Morenci Michigan. I'll never forget the day they disappeared
man i havent wanted to complain with all the good content lately but since the last Missing 411 vid ive wanted moooore lol excited for this one for sure!
I have to second Wendigoon's warning, coming to work tonight I had to do battle with a whole clan of inbred cannibal human/lice hybrids and I barely made it. Stay away!  Also yes more in the field videos..Since you brought it up..Wendigoon Survivorman when?
Super cool vid! I never sit thru these kinda clog things but y’all were excellent. Thanks again. <3
I call cap on all of it.
For something interesting on cover up reasons i manage a ranch and one day i show up and one of the horses had been attacked by something. It has clear scratch marks and even puncture wounds along with missing parts of skin. Once i alerted the owner, he posted images of the horse on Facebook asking if anyone had any possible explanations with the main conclusion being a mountain lion. Within the hour of the image being posted, a park ranger showed up and basically said "Those massive cat paw prints are actually a mix of horse and deer hooves, the damage is from his hitting the barbwire fence (there is no barb wire fence or any blood/damage to any of the fence) and that missing pieces were from the other horse biting him." The entire reason for covering it up was because they wanted to avoid panic. They even asked the owners to tell some people "Hey, your horse was either hurt by a bad fence or by the other horse".   Even for something that minor, they'll cover it up just to avoid the panic of people storming into the woods with guns
Wow the CGI to create legs must’ve taken some time. Always good to see my favorite torso head man
Around 8:46 I saw Harry Potter and Sirius Black’s stunt doubles. Very convincing.
I don't really believe in these monster stories BUT I really do love them
'Pan up! This is called DRIP - it's different!' 🤣😂🤣 You guys are amazing. +1 for amazing camera work and humor
Thank you!
Please make more of these! I love 411 videos
I think a video on Cicada 3301 could be interesting
This is by far my most favourite wendigoon video of all time, the location scouting, the music and the content is awesome! Hope to see more videos formatted like this in the future!
Never fuck with the Fae. The Fae work in weird ways.
Missing 411, yeah!
Why is he so much sweatier than you tho? I was giggling the whole time as he slowly got more wet as you were just seemingly dry.
Did you guys take mushrooms or something in the beginning?
I love Wendi and his channel, so I think this collaboration in the future should be called The Bro Witch Project.
love this video style
I'm 242 hours away from Master on Audible. Its fucking amazing and im gonna def check out more nat. park disappearance books and pods. Thank u my liege
Am I the only one that’s wondering why no one talked to the brother more? They were hiding together, obviously they would’ve been communicating moments before they were called back to camp right?
Green berets are still primarily counter insurgency  / guerrilla warfare  teams.
Being from the Appalachians the mountains are gorgeous but definitely have an ominous feel
The missing 411 fake phenomenon has been so thoroughly debunked. That ex cop, David, who made up the theory out of whore cloth, has no idea how statistics work. Oh somebody disappeared near water so that means they’re connected to somebody else who disappeared near water. Guess what? Most of the earth is covered in water so if you go missing chances are good you’re going to go missing near some water. That’s, just a small example of how bad his statistics are that he claims to show any sort of pattern. The guy is a total fraud.
Cannot WAIT for more of these.
I can't believe wendigoon shot himself 4 times in the back of his head whilst his hands were tied and hung himself 50 feet above the ground  but for real wedigoon you make amazing content, please keep it up
My theory is that Dennis was taken by a supernatural monster and the green berets were sent to eliminate the monster.
As a kid in mid Missouri, I was told about the racoonman and Beaman monster. I love how the story's you tell here line up alot with the story's I heard from people growing up.
Honestly. Really glad you’re being able to branch out and do cool things. But this is the stuff that keeps me hooked
Daddygoon
Isaiah is the sexiest man to walk the earth.
gimbal?
i think we just accidentally learned Wendigoon's government name. Unless he's revealed it before and i just wasnt paying attention
The fact that he was considered somewhat “developmentally disabled” makes it much more likely he may have just wandered off on his own. There’s a term for it called “autistic wandering” or “elopement”. Children and teens  with all forms of autism are more prone to just… wandering off or bolting whenever they feel like it, even if doing so puts them in a more dangerous situation.   I wouldn’t be surprised if Dennis got bored hiding in the bush with his brother and wandered off, only to get lost. He could’ve even fallen down a hill or something which would’ve added to his confusion and could explain how he lost his shoe. And a head injury can make someone VERY confused.
The green berets assassinated the kid because he was wandering toward a secret military base were the hairless bears were kept
A YouTuber by the name of Bob Gymlan made a great video about this. I would recommend checking his video out.
Big Scully and Mulder vibes fellas
Halfway expected this to be the start of an ARG with you guys getting lost
The best Christmas gift thank you guys
Can't wait to see more of this series!
The fact that it would be a hairless bear makes it so much scarier
As a kid we traveled there regularly. It is absolutely an area where  good and evil do battle
Amazing contrast in perspiration
TN native here, The mountains and Gatlinburg area in general are both beautiful. Its cool too see vids and stuff about a place so close to home and great video as always!
Has anyone checked where his parents/family are buried? If they found remains and were told, but just didn’t release the information publicly, it’s reasonable to assume he would have been buried wherever his family is. I’m not sure how you would go about finding their graves, but that would be a good lead to see if he actually was found.
I’ve been looking forward to more missing 411 content. Thanks.
It was just the Laser-Grizzly don’t worry about it
This "Blaire Witch Project" parody is very well done.
Man your content is so cool! I love this channel so much and it’s great to see you do these type of videos man please keep it up!!!!!
This is peak Wendigoon content🤌
You know what’s sad? No sane human would kidnap others. But the elite do. Why are the leaders of our world sadistic?
Please do more videos like this!!!
do more 411 cases
Enjoyed it!
NOT the loafers comment
I have been wanting another missing 411 video so badly thank you for this!! Now I can rewatch this video over and over.
The concept of well meaning wild people who just want companionship is sweet and makes me think about Frankenstiens Monster chilling with the blind man
You misspelled "sponsor."
I MUST criticize the audio mixing, specifically the all over the place volume, but other than that, I do absolutely love these outdoor type of videos, please feel free to do them whenever.
Watching wendigoon let his friend trust leaves while crossing a river is giving off the chaotic energy I need in my life haha
Stabilizers guys, Stabilizers.
I can't help but marvel at the incredible self-control that Wendi displayed by calmly uttering the word "Giant".
Kids wander off all the time it is completely believable that a kid would wander off into the forest and not realize he was lost especially a six year old
They say national parks have “tribal” people living within and live along cave systems
I wonder if they stopped people from searching past the creek because they were worried about sending kids and untrained adults into dangerous terrain? It could be the kid went into a dangerous situation, and they thought "We don't want anyone else running in here, let's leave it to the people who do this for a living".
I am here because I require your analysis on the newest The Mandela Catalogue. Alex really kicked it up a notch.
I keep trying to read his bangs
“This is called drip it’s different” is probably the last words uttered by the guy who went missing wearing loafers in smoky mountains
I’m wondering what are the chances the kid ate something and/or had some underlying conditions, and would wander off and ended up in the water. The trail stops there.
Not sure if it was an intentional editing attempt, but alot of the video looked like shit, filmed on a bad camera for a '70s show.
So many of your word choices, “settin in a corner”- brings memories of my Grandmother. Thanks for that & merry Christmas.
I'm not an expert, but I am a bit of a hillbilly. If you're going to roam deep into appalachia, especially if you're alone, please take a gun.  You will almost certainly *not* get attacked by anything or anyone, but if by chance you are there is no one else nearby to help you. Even if you can flee at first you can't just call 911, run to a neighbor's house, wave down traffic, etc... You could potentially be hunted for days without finding any help.  Even more likely you could just get lost, and you're not Bear Grylls. You'll starve without something to hunt with.
I'm terriblely sorry Wendi but I'm so tired and it's about to be past midnight so imma finish the video tomorrow when I wake up
I don’t really believe in this stuff for one main reason   If this stuff really existed then why doesn’t the government do anything if there are non human creatures kidnapping and killing tons of people I’m fairly certain the us government would be doing something there would probably be a whole branch of the government to combat these things but no one does anything and just let’s them kill people   Like the government has no reason to investigate these things if they were really supernatural as in fact it would probably boost the government’s position like “hey we just captured these creatures who have killed hundreds of children” people would be very happy about that so why wouldn’t the government want to investigate
Yes, more please! Hugs
Hey amazing video as always. Ever consider bringing back Sunday Studies?
Green shirt turns blue
You should read up about Project Jericho in Prescott,  Ontario, Canada. It's crazy.
The Conspiracy Iceberg was amazing but I think this might be your first masterpiece.
Flecktarn polo goes hard
More cryptid/legendary creatures
weird hearing wendigoon talk abt things and places that i have been around literally my whole life 😭
Weird that I'm from Tennessee and still live there and I've never heard of this case or the Tennessee wild man
im guessing the government is keeping this silent
About time wendigoon. I was about to come down there and do this video myself.
I bet y’all were there just after we filmed our Dennis Martin video , we almost crossed paths!
26:45 Tennis shoes are not more likely, as they have become more common over time, but back then were (somewhat) rare, or at least much less common. Tennis shoes/Trainers were primarily worn at school during gymnasium time/phys. ed./sports and normal, leather soled shoes would be worn the rest of the time by most people, especially children who often only had one pair of shoes, especially in this target region. Whether they were "loafers" by modern standards is debatable, they may have just referred to a pair of shoes that either had no laces, or was considered his second-pair of non-good shoes (you had one pair of good shoes for church or school, and another, older, more worn out pair that you wore the rest of the time)
The real proof of Wendigoon being from East TN is begging people to stop moving here lol
people really underestimate the pure crackhead energy and lack of awareness of a young child. they will walk non stop for fucking ever with the single minded determination of a suicidal meatloaf. we grew up in northern canada, we were told very young to not hide in the woods, stay on the trails at all times, wear bright af colours. we would go on really challenging hikes as small children and just outrun our experienced parents with pure stupid energy. me and my brother were nearly snatched by prowling wolves and what probably saved us was our dad being close and not being too late in the winter. but he only saw them when we got in the car and they came out behind us... my dad is a forestry engineer. he knows the woods. and he didn't see the 4-5 wolves maybe 10m from us. i was a tree planter for a while and it can be really scary how discreet animals are. bears especially, they will pass you by and you will not know. my foreman used to say that 9/10 times a bear met a human the human didn't know it was there. my point is, nature is dangerous, animals will know where you are and might follow your children waiting for an opportunity, or the child will just wander off stupidly far, not being able to be heard by rescuers and die off by exposure, animals or drowning.   also, that wild man description totally sounds like a bear with mange or similar disease. they're really tall when they walk upright and smell like hot garbage. hind legs paws can really look human too. bear skeletons were the basis for giant men myths in antiquity, too. (and yeah i know it's probably not a 'normal' bear, probably a fucked up one with deformities or some kind of sickness. it's plausible. there are quite a lot of legendary beasts who turned out to be wild animals that were hurt or just freaks of nature. not dismissing some kind of ape creature either, but you gotta admin they kinda overlap a bit)
Bob Gymlan did a really excellent video breaking down this case and provides a convincing argument as to its (speculative) connection to Sasquatch. Regardless of whether you believe it or not, it’s still a very interesting video.
Top 10 hide and seek champions
I think the cause is either bears or cougars. Nothing crazy about this story.
let me start off by saying, love the content wendigoon, i have been watching sense the first JFK conspiracy vid and i have loved seeing your content evolve, now with that said; this video wasn't really that good, the story was there, the writing was there, but it just wasn't produced very well. It lacks Quality production and the whole video being shot filming just two dudes talking in the forrest with Par- to sub par audio quality with no visual aid or further forms of deeper explaination or visualization of the story is hard to watch, the fire side stuff is a good idea, just improve the audio quality, and ttry not to treat it like just two like minded dudes talking about somthing in the forrest; Present the case to me, the veiwer and present the evidence of what you think couldve happend and add other routes of self explaination that can be explored by the veiwer, love your content. Love, your loyal veiwer
Really grateful to the editors for not placing subtle red eyes in the fireside chat portion
I've spent hours on hours in the smokies in Gatlinburg and Cades cove. I've walked into Sudden hail storms on the mountain tops, thick thick fog, rattle snake once,, and on 3 or 4 occasions walked up on bear out of nowhere including 2 bear cubs with a mom hidden in the tree line. The smokies are nice but you can walk up on a massive weather change or dangerous animal in a second and you are already over the line when you realize it.
Hell yeah! This is just what I wanted for my birthday!
This was incredibly well done, absolutely worth the wait for this. I hope you continue the series!
It would be awesome if one of those 300 people or if any remaining family who are still alive could come forward and put this cold case to rest!
With my experiences and skillset, my honest opinion on this is that he slipped through a hole into a cave or sinkhole. Small(ish) child needs not much size to slip through and the hole can easily be covered up by brush and possibly even be covered by a rock, or enough erosion to fill the hole back in as it happened, or even in the days after with all the foot activity in the area.
wendiswole?
Wow, I haven’t started the video yet but I go to Gatlinburg every year at least twice. I love it up there and I’m very interested as I’ve never heard of this case
what's with the thumbnail of this video bro, I think I seen 3 different ones and it came out 10 hrs ago, am I going crazy?
Doesn’t seem that crazy that an animal came and attacked the kid bit his neck and he died right away and then ran off and ate him it’s a tiny little kid in the forest
This is like the greatest video I think I’ve ever seen, every part kept me hooked and helped me feel emotions that no other video has made me feel. Well done.
Bro I’m about to go to bed😢
omg i live just by Phoenixville :)
Maybe an eagle took him
Hmmm, hairy man with glowing red eyes... Sounds a bit like ghillie suits and NV goggles to me. Perhaps not though, given how far back these reports go. Don't human eyes reflect red in the darkness? Somebody should test these theories out. Maybe I will later when I'm not broke
OMG I WAS IN GATLINBURG LAST WEEK!!! i wish i ran into wendigoon😂
Love this content style very entertaining and great story telling in a visually engaging environment looks beautiful there!
I now want to taste Dr enough but it's like 40 on Amazon for 4 bottles
I live about 15 minutes from Gatlinburg and I was ecstatic to get a Dr Enuf review truly the Appalachian Areas greatest soft drink.
1:00 I literally live like 10 minutes from Phoenixville holy shit
"How many squirrels do you think you could take?" "...Do I have a weapon?" 😭
paradise reborn PLEASE
the lore lodge looks like american tomska tbh
I know this case well. Very sad and strange. Glad you’re covering it.
Isn't the creature you describe at 43:04 just the Wendigo?
Weekly missing 411 from you?
21:23 sorry but there are no cougars in Tennessee.
I love that Wendigoon has friends and has been having fun going on travels for These videos but I honestly prefer him just telling stories to the camera he is very captivating
i subbed to lore lodge i promise😟
is wendi hiking in the smokey mountains, with loafers on...
LETS GO I REQUESTED YOU COVER THIS IN IG DMS EXACTLY A YEAR AGO TODAY, THANK YOU 🙏🙏🙏 !!!!!
Why do you two look so disappointed in me 20 seconds in? What I do wrong damn
love ur videos my friend, saludos from mexico
Was the vehicle that blew the horn in the tunnel a black Ford F-150? Because I was up there the same time y’all were filming this and I honked my horn in every tunnel…
More excited for wendigoon’s movie than anything else that’s gonna come out next year
They most likely found something that lead them to believe possible foul play. Steering the volunteers away from that area is smart because often in missing persons cases where someone else is involved that person will try to join the search for various reasons, one being the potential to cover up evidence.
I'm a call it now, you just wanted to hang out with Lore Lodge guy.
This was the best Christmas gift I can remember in my life
I swear to god the part with the river and log at 5:43 is the exact same as the Blair witch forest.
As someone from an area west of Gatlinburg, hearing a retelling of the story of the Tennessee Wildman was awesome because I’ve always had family and close family friends tell me stories about it
missing 411 is very fake but getting lost in the forest is not, be careful everybody
Does the yankee know that his cross wont protect him from our lovely southern cryptids?
RIP AIDEN
Wendi and Lore Lodge look like they could star in a zaboomafoo reboot
"the woods are nice, but they're not kind" I'll quote that from now on.
the on location feel and your shenanigans with Lore Lodge is definite a really fun way to tackle Missing 411, I'm looking forward to future videos you do in the series quite a bit
I adore how your production quality is steadily increasing too. Not that the regular sit down in your room videos are bad, those are why I'm here, these higher production quality ones just feel like opening your christmas stocking on christmas day.
When he said bare foot print I thought he meant a bear and I assumed Dennis was chased across the creek by a bear. I'm an idiot.
There's something different with ground zero documentary. It just feels more interesting.
It’s giving Blair Witch
I’m just wondering when his brother last saw him. Bc they were in the bushes together, and there’s nothing written down about where his brother last saw him, or if they got separated before he came back to the adults ?
Best video I’ve seen in a long time! Always amazing work!
oh hey we're in the backrooms for the outro!  Phenomenal work to everyone involved!   I've been following this channel for such a long time. I'm so happy to see the exploration, the goofing around, and the campfire was 🤌🤌   Thanks for exploring these stories and the places they happened. If there's anything interesting in southwest PA, I'll be sure to email you and not at all insinuate any ill-will towards any government whatsoever. 🥰
I love the “are you afraid of the dark” lookin intro
I've learned more from a decade-long Audible subscription than I learned in 12 years of public school and 4 years of college. You can learn anything you want, and you should.
The flecktarn button up goes hard
One word: underground people😂
I remember reading/hearing stories about how the fae traveled here not unlike how rats, bugs and cats did. Hidden stowaways on ships and quickly settled into the mountains.
I think the parents killed him and covered it up, makes a lot more sense than literally disappearing of the face of the earth without a trace…
You're really going above and beyond with your videos lately. I'm glad to see that this has been taking you on mini-adventures across the states. Looking forward to where your content takes you (and us) next!
change in content. nice.
I'm pretty sure Wendigoon pulled an Adam Sandler and use this camping vacation as a business expenses lol.
There playing feed the woods?
When I see Wendigoon post I react like that meme of Gordon Ramsey saying finally some good fucking food
I would LOVE if you did for episodes on missing 411!!! You would be like an indie mr. ballen😍😊
Thank you for your videos! You are so inspiring Before I found your channel I wouldn't even think about making videos, but now I'm thinking about a video idea.... Thank you so much for your content!
This is probably a stupid question, but is there any possibility a large bird killed him? Hawks are a problem where I live because they carry off pets, but I imagine a larger bird like an eagle could kill a child? It would explain why his body wasn't found within miles and how he disappeared so quickly. It could also create the gory mess the feds might have been covering. I don't know enough about birds to know if this is plausible at all.
wendiGANG.
I love when you two do a video together 😊
I wonder if the kid DID wander not too too far and maybe fell down an embankment? They mentioned there being steep terrain so if he took a tumble and maybe knocked himself out (that could explain the missing shoe), he wouldn’t have heard his family looking for him and if he came to disoriented he may have wandered and been attacked by an animal at some point and dragged off/consumed and scattered :/  That or maybe a park ranger DID find him early on and he was sold into a trafficking situation since we know that stuff happens with missing kids.   Either way I hope the family found some peace and little Dennis is resting easy
The Lore Lodge and Wendigoon!!
Buzzfeed unsolved for people who take Adderall
You look like an off brand Brandon Herrera
Alright finally brought  the series back!! 💪🏼💪🏼
Isiah put the Wendi in Wendigo and the Goon in Dragoon!
the wilderness is pretty metal, 5 steps off the trail and you can legitimately get lost, it's terrifying
This is an out there theory but I think the father had a role on the disappearance,  looks away for 5 minutes and your son goes from behind a bush in your sight to gone without a sign... then the shoe story is really fishy and the reason I suspect the dad, they tell him about the print and he believes the agents are getting too close to an answer so he tells them thats the wrong size and turns them around,  the green berets, suspicious of this went radio silent and followed that original clue believing Dennis was that way and searched without the father finding out so he can't possibly intervene and tamper
Every bit of the country seems to have their very own weird creature. South Dakota has Taku-He/Walking Sam, who has all sorts of absolutely bizarre sightings, cattle mutilations, and encounters over the last hundred or more years.
Good stuff as always
Haha just kidding bro im kinda ov starting to like it after a while fr fr 🔥🔥🔥
Now we have two giants
Actually i think i fucking hate this new style... oh my god... 2different4me... really not tbe reason i subscribed for. Don't change your ways so aggressively without asking us first!!! Ugh... common sense much???
This is almost exactly how Blair Witch started.
aliens
"let's follow the creek" and then proceeding to walk in a circle. Anyone else getting Blair Witch Project vibes here..?
I'm from Appalachia and am currently living in the PNW. Seeing footage of this park legit made me tear up because I miss the area so much. Nowhere is more beautiful than Appalachia
Literally 45 minutes talking about nothing or talking about the same damn thing which ever way you look at it
This was such a well done video. I really enjoyed this!
Would love to see a video about american cryptids in this kind of video format. Love your work!!
For the first second of the video when I heard the music I thought it was the theme to ‘The Mandalorian.’
Very cool video. I'd love to see more on-site collabs with The Lore Lodge in the future, if possible.
43:30 average Florida man
I've been sick and had autoplay on and like at least one video passed with me sleeping and I woke up about 48 minutes into this video so now I gotta rewind and rewatch and I'm sad that I discovered this video this way.
Wendiana jones lookin good
The most horrific part of this video is tragically... the audio. Great video though!
Does anyone else wanna squeeze wendigoon’s big booba
I'm afraid some monster of the human variety snatched him and walked the creek if they lost the sent
As an East TN native this is my favorite wendigoon series, I grew up in the mountains and my grandfather has told me some interesting things. I've seen some completely unexplainable things up in those mountains
Goddammit who touched the stairs!?
The “that’s why I’m here” was so spot on 🤝
Dude you're so cool i wish you were a cousin of me family aye
I totally love this video and the rest of your content. As a dedicated fan, I do however have one suggestion for these on location videos: lapel mics. I'm sure you've already considered this, I just think it would greatly increase the production quality of an already great vid.
I'm honored and also horrified that I share the same stomping grounds(NC/TN border) as Wendigoon. I'll be sure to look out for Roamers now lol.
The switch from the 411 case to the campfire spooky stories was so good, I would love more videos like this one
“Bill Martin died in 2014, never knowing what became of his son. The family hasn’t discussed the case publicly since the search ended and didn’t want to talk for this story.” Knox News
New format is AIGHT
I love you.
The saddest and dumbest thing is barefoot kid or partly barefoot in a state park I don't know about you but even if it doesn't match the foot or shoe size my first instinct would be at least 5 or 6 people should go check in that direction it could be a different missing kid that hasn't been reported yet
What I wouldn't do for a seat at that campfire.
The kid probably fell in a hole or something. All of the stuff around it is just mysticism & us having fun speculating over a mentally challenged child's disappearance
Kind of weird you didn't bring your whiteboard with you to the firepit that evening, Isaiah.
That's... why I'm here.
I love this. I’m a Louisiana resident, but Eastern Tennessee and the Great Smoky Mountains has always been a second home to me
First 24 gang hype
Kinda disappointed that Wendi didn't lose his shit at the mention of giants GIANTS!!!
exactly what i’ve been waiting for thanks so much i’ve been waiting for a missing 411 vid
Maybe they didn’t want those boyscouts to run into a dead body
That dude is my brother's doppelganger it's uncanny.
YES!!!!!!!
i rewatched the first missing 411 ep this past week so i was wondering when the next would come out so happy to see my question answered so soon!! 😅🤩😅🤩
I'm so glad you can hang out in a t-shirt outside but it's like 12 degrees out and I hate you
When di moons out, wendigoons out.
The wobbly camera throughout the video reminds me of a "found footage" video and it adds to the ✨️experience✨️
His backpack is too tiny. Not manly
WORLDS COLLIDING 🤯🤯🤯 the Shaq & Kobe of the creepy & mysterious story tellers
the more you sweat the more you get cold, cuz it’s ur body trying to cool you down when you sweat
enjoyed the video, but I won't lie, I wasn't a fan of this collaboration.
The Cold Vanish is a really good nonfiction book about people going missing in North American wilderness.  Listen to it on Audible 😁👌🏻
These 411 cases makes me want more of this amazing content! Thank you Wendigoon!
Watched the first one last night
fuck yeah another wendigoon video
We need a video in it,s  self about the wild man in Tennessee
Please do more videos like this! I want to see them
Man's doing god's work pluggin Dr. Enuf.  If you're in a different state, Cracker Barrel will carry D'nuf sometimes. It's worth trying 👽
Wendigoon and Lore Lodge are a comedic duo I didn't know I needed, but now I want to be spoiled with more
Straight from the gold wendigoon
When does it stop being about these two hosts?
Yeah I'd like to see more of this type of video
yo man i looked up whore lodge and i couldnt find ur bf's channel, are u sure its on youtube?
I beg of you to get a gimbal and dont cut so much
Not to be mean but the camera man in this was terrible lol
Or Keith could have just been that good at running
youre fucking killing it man just keep doing you
this sort of fun roadtrip mystery is the most entertaining thing ever, if you did a bunch of these, well, I wouldn't be mad at all, just saying.
Always a good night when I see a wendigoon video. 🤙🏻
I’ve been with you since almost the beginning. This is one of my favorite videos you’ve put out so far. Keep up the great content and please do more vids like this.
Wow, great collab again! I'm looking forward to more! Love both of your channels 😘
Found Lore Lodge independently of your channel, but both of you are some of my favorite channels
The fact that Aiden said “giant” and Wendigoon didn’t say anything or move at all really hurts my feelings 😂😂😂
wendigoon should make a video thats just a big compilation of his grandpa's stories
I was listening to this story and I was wounding were I heard this story but it just came to me it was a bob Giblin video he did either love both your content
i love you so much <3
Tis the season
Whether you're in a corner or exploring the vast stretches of the open world, we'll still appreciate the content, my dude. Keep up the good work.
Cool change in style
I would enjoy a road trip and enjoy some WENDIGUSSY
*Wendigoon goes to national park where a number of people went missing.* *He uses a flecktarn cammo shirt.* *This guy lives on the edge.*
Liking and commenting for the algorithm and love for these two channels. 👍
i love you mr. Wendigoon
I was just in the Smokies a few weeks ago. Absolutely beautiful land, carries a sense of mystery on the wind that very few places elsewhere can touch. Great video, as always!
hi
wendi got a budget increase yippee
6 hours late, but still before YouTube decided to notify me 😎👉🏼👉🏼
As an East Tennessean, thanks for covering this one!
You said it! Now you have to be on one of Internet Historian's In-the-field videos.
“You eat babies!”- John Marston
Me just hearing my state be slandered be like:
reminder!: wendigoon is an alt right loser. how this man became popular i have no idea!
I just started the video, but I grew up in Gatlinburg. I just gotta say, I've never heard this story! But I've heard others like it. The Smokey Mountain National Park has hundreds of miles of trail and lots of weird stuff happens in the back country.  Edit: Oh it's in cades cove! Yeah that place is really... primal? I guess is a good word? Like its one of the more popular tourist places to go in the park with a campground and everything and yet STILL to this day it feels like wild country, especially if you go off the beaten paths. I used to do midnight bike rides there once a year with my boy scout troup (possibly the same one that helped with the search! it was the gatlinburg 111 troup) and jesus is that place freaky at night.
gotta be honest I'm not a fan of the most recent videos. Hope he does some more of just him talking about mystery.
Seems curious that these folklore stories highly correlate with the US states with the lowest education levels 🤔
Its great you guys had fun but the video was shit. Would trade you staring directly in the camera and just talking over this anytime.
We’re you in Gatlinberg in mid-July?
Love the new styles of filming/locations/guests! I’m definitely enjoying it, love the original style videos too but if you continue this path I’ll definitely keep watching!
Good story but have to say I'm not a fan of this style/ the shared back-and-forth narration.
Them shirts too tight
The shoe/bare-foot situation makes me think he probably purposefully took off one of his shoes to try and prove of his existence with foot prints and shoe prints in the mud, it seems odd he would just lose one of his shoes. RIP Dennis, I can't imagine how he would've felt in these moments :(
My elementary school art teacher told us one of the folklore stories; the one of the carnival, but it was a carnival train that had wrecked and let loose the creature. I was terrified for years.
this episode really had a late night history channel vibe to me in the best way it could and i loved it
The one thing that bothers me about folk-law is that every country and all over the world they have similar if not the same central figures such a elves or fairies or big foot. Seems wierd they always ended up with the same descriptions 🤔🤔
I very much enjoyed this style of video! I like the lighthearted goofing at the beginning and the change of tone to the more serious discussion of folk lore. Video absloulty slapped wendi!
reminder: wendigoon is an alt right loser. how this man became popular i have no idea.
Spooked
I didn't get a notification even with bell 😥
This was so good! Thanks Wendigoon! I love these 411 videos. Subbed over there too!!
Honestly I could listen to Wendigoon and his friends talk about the lore of North American Cryptids and Folklore for hours
kane pixels should show dennis in the back rooms
These "in the field" videos are super cool.  Can't wait for the next one
That “brush” is nothing here in the pnw
maybe the green berets found a meth lab or moonshine distiller
Hello Wendigoon. I am sorry to say this, because I love your videos and your personality, but this has to be one of the worst Dennis Martin Case videos I have ever seen, specially in the current year. You and the other guy barely went over the facts and documentation, not even mentioning the recently declassified FBI documents released earlier this year were they even investigate a possible suspect. Instead what you did was quite fearmongering and conspiranoic. It really reminded me of those bad history channel shows where they go to a location, barely mention the facts, and endlessly start speculating about something that has been long since disproven. I don't know who the other guy was but it was not a good addition. Honestly, this is your first bad video, in my opinion.
Skill issue
Love seeing you team up to present!
I don't like this format. I want indoors wendigoon.
The editing on this video is great
For the family's sake, I do hope that an answer was found and that they were just told privately. I can't imagine not knowing what happened to you such a young family member.
It would be really cool to see you guys go out with Les Stroud and discuss how improbable some of these cases are
Love the new style vids
Wait I love this format omg. It’s so fun. Like don’t get me wrong, sit down documentaries are cool, but… Man, this is fun!
Gotta wake up the kids to watch this one !
Yo this was so gooooood!! Thanks for all your hard work. Great collaboration loved that it was on site too.
Please make more of these
pick me up mom im scared
Hard to find a YouTuber who covers dark and creepy shit and also loves Jesus love your stuff man keep it up
Come to North Carolina, we have the devil's tramping ground.
Ive been waiting for these 411 vids!
the kid could have fell into a hole or cave system
If any of you don't believe in Bigfoot etc. look up Bigfoot throws tree video on youtube. It is THE best proof it's real. You can find the original and the review from a youtuber...even better as he analyzes it. Again, the best and it is legit...originally taken by loggers/oil workers up north America.
Something that i feel would be a really cool series is if you went across the US and learned our tribes' stories from tribes and reservations all over the US
to play devils advocate for the national parks services, they have shit all funding and if people can find them liable for deaths, especially those that are technically the person's own fault but the park can be pinned for, it spells big trouble. Probably also have to play lackey to a lot of big boy government entities just to stay open. Fantastic and informative video as always, one of the reasons I'm hesitant to hike alone, on top of being a young woman who easily forgets things such as, say, tasers and charging them 😅😂
DR. ENUF!!!!!!!!!!
who edited this??
I’m having the worst week and a really terrible day and I just wanna say thank you wendigoon, I’ve been a fan since the jfk video and it made me feel better to see you uploaded and just a couple minutes in I know this is gonna make my dad 100x better. Thank you wendi much love ❤️
Just saw this posted THANK YOU WENDIGOON I'm getting a tattoo right now and i needed a video to watch and I LOVE this series. This is probably my favorite series of yours so far
The channel horror stories did a video about this.
loveeed the new concept 💗💗
Definitely just sounds like the kid ran off, lost a shoe at one point, and died out in the bush, most likely due to hypothermia. His body was either found and the family was told privately or it may have ended up buried under some bush and didn't end up being uncovered.
I love how the first like 10 minutes of this is "Wendigoon gets lost in the woods."
The Smokey Mtns are such a huge tourist attraction and money maker for TN, that I wouldn't be surprised if they were trying to cover something up. Because I go to the Smokey's every year and I had no idea that more people than just Dennis Martin had gone missing in those Mtns. It's going to be so eerie now when I go hiking there.
33:18 I live in TN and yeah you right
Does anybody know what song / bg music is used for the opening of the video?
Yessssss! I'm confused as to why I don't hear much about Missing 411, this is a legitimate unexplained mystery, but it's not talked about as much as it should be 😮
I'm from Tennessee, I wish I lived in Gatlinburg. Awesome video, I subscribed to the lore lodge 🤘y'all have a badass day🤘🍻🤘
i love the smoky mountains and gatlinburg, but I also think every time I go back to those long trails i feel like im one corner away from being another person who goes missing here
Sir Isaac Wendigoon, I love your content/you homie  Thank you for continually enthralling and entertaining me 💗
My favorite video of yours and I watched all :)
<3 To you Wendigoon
One of these days, Wendigoon is gonna do a monster video and it's just gonna be in the background of a few shots, admiring a great story teller at work.
Wendigoon's videos keep getting better and better
Buy my boy a camera stabilizer
wendi is about to become the next missing 411 case
The fivehead bigfoot thumbnail is fantastic
damn the production tho....
I live in the area and I'm glad you're coming around these parts. There is something or somethings that live in these woods I've experienced it myself. Also you can contact Tri-City Beverage the makers of Dr. Enuf and they will ship it anywhere if I'm not mistaken.
One day, our boy is going to adventure into my parts of TN, and I'll finally get to try that fabled Wendussy >:b
Okay, I don't mean to be rude, but I really don't like this new style of video. It feels very...generic compared to the rest.
I love your longer videos. I listen to them all the time and just about everywhere!!
The Ram Ranch Roamer rides eternal
I really like the lore lodge guy. I'm going to check out his channel. He just seems like a really laid back, down to earth guy with a lot of interesting thoughts on a lot of interesting things.
I feel like I'm watching the beginning of a found footage horror movie lol
Wendi your laugh could cure cancer
Love the feral people shit
I live in the country just outside of White Bluff, Tn and I have spent quite a bit of time in Craun Hollow, where the legend originates. I can say without a shadow of a doubt that the white screamer exists. The only misconception is that it takes only one form. I have personally witnessed this creature on 3 different occasions, all three having different appearances, but still exhibiting the same glowing red eyes and emitting the same blood curdling screech.  The first one was when I was 11 years old on a hike with my uncle at Montgomery Bell State Park, which is located a couple miles west of the town of White Bluff. It was in the late afternoon and on our way back to the car, we heard some odd rustling and what sounded like a continuous drone or growl just off the trail. The rustling didn’t sound like walking or something moving through the woods, rather it sounded stationary. We were fairly close to the trail head and I suppose that gave us confidence because we decided to take a look at the origin of the sound. We don’t have many predators this far west of the Appalachians and the ones we do have don’t get very large, but when we approached what we thought was the source of the noise, we saw a hunched over ape-like creature that seemed to be digging. Of course we stopped in our tracks and were frozen with either fear or wonder or both. The beast then turned and saw us. That’s when I saw it’s eyes burning like two flashlights with red lenses and it let out a horrible scream before sprinting on two legs over the ridge. The moment it moved, my uncle and I bolted in the direction of the trail and didn’t stop until we got back to the car. The second time i saw it was only fleeting in a car and it was on Craun Hollow road. This time it had taken the shape of an owl but was much larger than any owl I have ever seen. It was perched above the road on a thick tree branch and had the same red eyes I described earlier. When I went back later to the same tree to estimate the size of the thing I saw, I could see gouge marks on the branch it was perched on and by my estimate was about 5 feet tall. The third time I saw it was at a friends house that lived on Craun Hollow and it took the form of a woman dressed in long white robes. We were up late playing video games and just hanging out when we heard screaming outside. When we went outside on the front porch to investigate, we saw it about 30 or 40 yards away at the wood line pacing up and down a fence. We both had lights and when we shined them on the woman, creature, thing it turned toward us and had the same red eyes that i had already seen. Needless to say, we booked it back inside and locked windows and doors. We stayed up until dawn and I left almost immediately after sunrise. After that final sighting, my friend moved out of the house he was staying in and I haven’t been back that way since. I don’t know what the sightings were really but they were real enough to spark a deep fear that can only be explained by the words “pure evil” and it’s partially the reason I was reborn in Christ. It opened my eyes to what the personification of evil can be and Christ is the only refuge from it i have found. It’s been 8 years since the last sighting and 7 since I found the Lord. I just wanted to put my experiences out there for anyone who might have had a similar one so that they may know there is protection from the evil of this world. It is our savior Jesus Christ. God bless you all.
To someone who lives on the smokeys, it's fucking great these mountains get their unsettling beauty revealed. Every morning is a foreboding but hypnotic like view.   (But the roads are terrifying as hell if you'renot used to them)
Am i the only one who was intimated by Wendigoon fuckin staring into our souls around 36:45 for a bit?
41:47 what a missed opportunity for wendigoon to talk about giants
It could've very well been an animal attack. As it might have prevented people from going out to hunt predators if they just didn't tell them it was an animal attack.
Damn Wendy, you been hitting the gym?
CROSS OVERRRR
Idk it seems like the family just didnt want any publicity on a horrifying death from an animal or something. Not too much to look into tbh
I dig investigoon. Wendigoon is great and I don't want to lose him. But investigoon good too
This video is the Blair Witch Project if that guy didn't, and I quote "Kick that fucker into the creek!"
This is amazing to see some random guy who one day said il do youtube to this a great if not one of the best youtubers on the platform like truly interesting fun and great content id say keep it up but I know you will for years to come
I remember hearing this story a few years ago and I was intrigued. Cool to see my favorite YouTuber covering it now. 😀
Why didn’t they get a report from Dennis’s brother? How did the brother not know Dennis wasn’t following him
Isaiah glossed over the darkness of the Appalachian mountains at night. I grew up in the hills of West Virginia, and it is pitch black during nighttime. You CANNOT navigate without a flashlight. We also had stories of apemen and strange creatures as well, as read from a book my sister and I borrowed from the library while staying with our grandparents one week, which ended up scaring the shit out of us (we were like 9 lol). My sister was convinced that a bigfoot was outside her window every night that week. lmao
I can totally see Wendigoon hosting his own full tv show someday w/ this kinda stuff
Idk how I feel about you talking about this tragic event while going out on a fun camping adventure. It's giving me "Shane Dawson going to the suicide bridge with a ouija board" - vibes.
“Shut up it’s called drip!”  -wendigoon, 2022
Bigfoot took the boy up one of those interdimensional staircases, I bet
i fucking love the shitty lighting im gonna watch this for the next two weeks
2 mins and 14 secs
Wtf wendigoon.. you're a smart guy, you know exactly why the fbi would want a free missing child. The fact you're acting like that's absurd is throwing up some serious red flags for me. You haven't begun receiving funding from foreign intelligence right?
Is it possible that one of the green berets/FBI might have accidentally shot/killed him while searching by accident, then had to cover it up? If he was with an animal or very dirty I could see something terrible happening if an agent wasn’t responsible, it would make sense that they found his trail in the river then immediately after went silent for a couple days. Either way rest in piece to Dennis Martin, he deserved much more
I thought those roads in the beginning looked familiar. And then I realized where they were, and that I live like 2 hours away and that I've been there before. Wowee
The other guy looks like the lead singer of Out of Vision
Here at 177,019 views.
I was gonna go to bed, but, I’m okay with this!!
Brown Mountain lights done did it
Please do more missing 411
The quality of these videos just keeps increasing!!!
❤️ to you too
I'm so damn proud of Wendi 🦌 💀
When my family would go hiking, it would always make me uneasy as a kid if someone strayed out of sight of the group Often peoples' walking speeds would differ, and one would start going ahead or falling behind I had never heard of missing 411 cases or anything like that, but it always just made anxious, so I would position myself in the middle of the group, stretched as we were, so I could always see everyone. If there were a curve or sudden turn in the trail I'd stand right on it and wait for anyone lagging behind to come up before I kept going  ...at the same time there were plenty of times where my brother and I would run off ahead way out of sight of our parents, and it freaks me out a bit remembering it because lots of times these stories start with "and the kid ran away up the trail out of sight of the group"; and man that was US. *I* did that, many times as a kid. Thankfully nothing happened and we always ended up safe; maybe because we were usually together, atleast
I didn't eat him! I promise!! I'm not Operating In the national parks... well... outside of Isle Royale...
This is Blair Witch on crack 💀 Isaiah is definitely Mike fr fr
challenge: take a shot every time Wendigoon says treeline
i love this campfire set up. adds to the atmosphere!
Love the video. Glad to see two creators I like, collaborate.
I grew up in Appalachia. You’re right. Nobody who grew up outside it should move there. My first run in with an incestual cannibal was at age ten. Thankfully my dad taught me and my brother how to kill ‘em off. Y’all stay safe out there and remember to use a wooden spear
Imma be completely transparent here; I totally forgot about there being a follow-up to the 411 video😂 but goddammit am I glad there is. Loved that shit.
The COLABBBB!!!!!!!!!
Did you take down the JFK assassination explanation
They have Giant Birds in that region that can pick up small animals, could be possible to lift a 50 pound human
Yo what happen bro did you take down the whiteboard
the pronunciation of estecvpcvke has me rolling. love the representation!!
And they were never seen again...without deep-fake tech.
38:52 Theres indigenous myth here in Argentina about a creature similar to this one, the Ucumar. The Ucumar is a half man half bear beast with an incontrolable lust, it was born from a woman so beautiful that even animals were attracted to her, one of these animals was a bear who r*ped this woman repeteadly until she gave birth to the Ucumar. Theres a creature who helped to create the Ucumar, the Zupay, who's known as the from the devil had here in the americas.
The Key family account was really glazed over. There was probably a reason, but the distances and time frame as well as the parks denial of Mr. Keys offer to show them where he had seen the man in fur makes it almost impossible to not include.
The Lore Lodge guy is a good story teller, definitely subscribing to his channel, don’t know why he only has 80,000 subscribers should have more
How utterly heartbreaking it would be to lose a child on Father’s Day, forever associating a day of happiness with a traumatic loss.
GIANTS!
Paid 10$ for plane wifi to watch this❤️ keep up the fantastic work.
Nightmind also uploaded but ill always choose you over him
A BLESSING FROM THE LORD!
Great video as always
Park Rangers are awkwardly weird about missing people on Parklands
Damn Wendigoon is BUILT
My dad is from North Carolina and absolutely loves Dr enuff so when I saw that bottle bout lost my mind lol
Haven’t watched yet. Curious to see if you all bring anything new to the table that hasn’t been covered in other videos. If you haven’t yet, check out The Missing Enigma’s videos on the subject. Very good
This all i wanted for Christmas 🎄 😩
He was noclipped into the backrooms
Camp fire story, with a guest. I hope you make this a consistent thing. @intenethistorian owes you afterwards getting stuck in that cave.
You look tired bro
Shout out to Dr Enuff that shit good af frfr. Definitely my favorite genders ong.
i dislike this style of video
I liked this video a lot! I'd def watch more like this!
What sorta stuff could the brother give the searchers
Yes yes yes & yes
Well at least he's not talking about jesus this time.
This is 🔥
forgot wendigoon was from east tn, now i feel like one day i’m gonna be walking around knox and just be like, oh shit it’s wendigoon!
this content is so cool ahhhhh
the lost 3 looking for the missing 411
The massive smile I got on my face hearing THE Aiden Mattis' voice in the intro XD
Papa, when you said, "Let's go on a camping trip." I thought you meant roasting smores...
My initial thought as to why the green berets went silent was that they were told not to look past the creek for whatever reason, and they just said "Fuck that were gonna find this kid" and went off the book for few days to look without getting punished
I absolutely love these kinds of videos they pull me into the content more than normally. It’s just so fun I love these cuz yea!
This dudes making so much money
I believe that I have seen the Ohio Grassman. About 10 years ago, I was walking down a abandoned railroad path. About 200 feet ahead I saw something big, black, and hunched over, run across the path in front of me. From a creek that was on my left to swamp to the right of me.
idk if this is the same for other ppl in america but growing up in Tennessee you just always hear stories about things lurking in the woods and all these near mythic scenarios and creatures. like its just so common and so weird. you grow up with the thought that the environment is actively against you and will take your life if you're not smart about what you're doing
Definitely like this style of video for Missing 411. Also, didn't know that sometimes they don't publish their findings and only tell the families of the missing persons. Probably explains a great deal of the cases in Paulides's books, if he's indeed fudging the numbers and omitting details, as some suspect.
Speaking of weird Appalachian hairy humanoid cryptids: We have the complete and total redneck pleasure of being home to the "Woodbooger" in Norton, VA. Please look it up, there's a statue and a restaurant and everything, its so funny
Yo I just noticed you hit 2 MILLION SUBS!!!! Bro congrats! I have been watching your content sense you hit 100,000k sub. Keep going! You need your own tv show
Dang it I already know this story 😭😭
Absolutely love your videos man! I hope you keep doing 411 cases, I find them interesting even though it terrifies me
Great video and great colab!
There have been multiple sightings around where i live of a tall lanky white creature. My uncle told me about it, and other people i have asked can recall stories as well
MISEING 411 LETS GOOOOOOOOO
Need bob gymlan on the case ASAP
He despawned. America is an npc country so it’s likey
so heres the thing. when a person that goes missing and it's like CRAZY WEIRD - yeah. it's happened one time. "the chances are so low" yeah that's why it's only happened once in this specific way. if the chances were higher it would happen most often. i don't understand the angle here kid probably fell down a hill, drowned in a creek, got covered by leaves, got carried off by a bear, something natural. It's _so_ easy to lose things in a forest. It's _so_ hard to find things in a forest. You can get lost a few steps off a path. The outdoors are exceedingly dangerous for an unprepared individual. It was likely just... bad luck. It is SO easy to miss out on someone lying unconscious or dead in a ditch covered in debris. missing records - probably got _lost._ someone lost the records.
well wendigoon, after watching this video I've decided to move to Appalachia. now I'm a fast talking city slicker from New York city or LA (I've lived in both) and I intend to take advantage of the cheap real estate in the area. I'm going to need all you locals to immediately accept me and cater to my fast paced city dweller life style. see ya soon neighbor!
i’m so glad i got to see the first thumbnail before it was changed lmao
“Conspiratorially minded” aka crazy people, no need to sugar coat it
Wow I just started watching this channel yesterday and really loved the missing 411 episode but was upset when I saw after five months there was no new episodes. Great surprise and an awesome and interesting series!
I'm from Knoxville and grew up hiking all around the smokies. Definitely some old and spooky mountains but I've never experienced anything that made me be scared to be in those woods. That beings said I've always been  curious about what happened to this kid since I heard about the story and definitely think there's some fishy shit behind it
Always love when a new Wendigoon video drops. Love your content mate.
over-edited videos? in MY wendigoon channel??
missing 411 seems weird like people are taking these weird but possibly explainable things and attaching mental conspiracies to them
That flectarn button up is so hot 🔥🔥🔥
I subscribed to   theLoreLodge *** looks like are driving from the Pigeon Forge side. *** I hear the sprinkle of rain 🌧 *** I live in Tennessee.  Nice story sirs
Great video but we heard you try to cover up that fart you let out by the fire
How comfy would it be to chill with wendigoon in the woods while he tells you stories
White screamer aka my ex
the duo i’ve been waiting for
thanjk you wendibabe
I myself am all for waiting on longer videos if your production quality keeps getting better like this one!
more collabs!!!!!  lore logde!!!
GIVE DAVE PAULIDES CREDIT NOW
Lore Lodge in person on Wendigoon's channel? Nice!!
Wendigoon rockin the flecktarn gawd damn
its truly impressive how fucking long you manage to draw out the intro to your videos. five fucking minutes, thats half the length of a normal length videos, TEN PERCENT OF THIS VIDEO
I love the on-location videos. Its a unique and effective medium to share these stories, instead of a simple voice over with stock photos. Keep up the great work 👍
Babe wake up, Wendigoon posted
Kidnapped for an elite cabal or ran off and died to exposure and carried off by coyotes boars or black bears those are the only two options
I'm not putting the blame on anyone, however it's interesting how the other child he was trying to scare the parents didnt even notice he was gone. He just vanished out of thin air
I haven’t even started and I’m asking please do more missing 411 I’m sure the vid is great they all are lol.
Hearing Papa-Goon talk about my home state with such love makes me proud to be a Tennessean. I'm about 45 minutes from Gatlinburg and can confirm there are unexplainable terrors in these hills.
The cougar theory doesnt hold up because cougars generally prey on males from 19-29 years old
I wonder if there are solved disappearances with similar or resembling contexts to see what theories could be approached. What abductors can do. I'm sure there are terrifying practical things we're too sane to think about.
Look at the sweat of this guy compared to wendigoon ahahahah
As a Tennessee native, the woods here are… intense. As stated in the video, it’s easy to lose yourself to your mental gymnastics when your deep in them.
Got another theory... What if these stories are a way to secretly communicate something we are unaware of? Like the couple is in on it, and maybe certain people in town but not the rest of us
“the woods are nice but they’re not kind” is such a beautiful quote
@Wendigoon if you want a good Dr enuf got to a restaurant called pal's in the tricities area and get a peachy Dr enuf.
Please do more of these videos they're so great and interesting. The atmosphere of being out in the woods really ties the story together. Keep up the great work!
Isah was in my neck of the woods and ain't even stop to say hi:(
I love this channel and really liked this video, you should do more of stuff like this! The sound was a bit fucky, sometimes too loud and at other times not enough. I know it comes with using a camera mic in the wild, just wanted to let you know.
love the new vibe on the channel! gone from feeling like campfire stories to ACTUALLY BEING campfire stories!
I've already checked out lore lodge. not very good
good
My theory is that someone took him in silence, managed to hide for a while and then a connected party in the search group met up with him and "smuggled" him so to speak out of the park
WEnddigoon
Yea it’s big foot case closed
Wendigoon, of course I found your video. You're quickly becoming a favorite of mine.
I'm curious what Doug's perspective is. If he was with Dennis when they went behind the bush, what happened between them in those few minutes? I wish they discussed that.
1:17 this music is unfitting 1:50 the reflection of wendigoon makes him look like James from Silent Hill 2 22:27 the kid's brother, did they have an account? 28:30 it's so funny to imagine these two guys out on the woods casually talking while a guy in complete silence holds a camera towards them
This is a case I’ve heard about for years and every time I hear about it, it’s always unfortunate to hear how he wasn’t found. It’s cool you and the Aidan’s made this video together. Keep up the great work Wendigoon.
just rewatched the first missing 411 video the other day and was hoping for another one soon!!!
I have a theory. I think a lot about this story is super weird and I think part of that has to do with how reporting and recording info was done at the time. In addition, as a kid I could make my way through brush and undergrowth that my parents couldn't at all. It's not inconceivable for small children to be able to navigate brush that seems impossible for adults. Anyways, here's where the theory starts. First, it's stated the boy had a slight disability but was still a relatively functional young man. At that time that could be a lot of things, but let's assume it was ADHD or something similar for the theory. I think there may be a chance the boy wandered briefly into the forest as he just got bored waiting to scare the adults and needed to do something.  Then he heard a call to come back, but the way echos in those mountains go, I've heard shouts from one direction that actually came from the exact opposite and I've personally walked off a few hundred yards before realizing my mistake. If he panicked and ran further into the underbrush thinking he was going back he could have made it to eagle creek. I just don't understand why they never crossed that creek after finding the footprints. Their theory about green beret/ FBI involvement leading to no conclusion and they just didn't report anything is likely, but still it's a strange that there's ZERO information on those three days. Unfortunately this doesn't account for why he has never been found, unless he squeezed into a small crag or under a root system to keep warm and passed there in his sleep. Another is that a boy of that size wouldn't be too hard for a mountain Lion to consume in more entirety than when they get adults. And if it pulled him into a den or a thicket, no one would ever find the random bones. This is just my attempt at rationalization though, and I know that it can b pretty easy for all these details to fit an entirely different story.  Edit: i read the ranger report and there were heavy thunderstorms the night Dennis went missing that overloaded drainages and creeks briefly, and they mention the next day was very foggy for most of the day.
Do one on randy sellers!!! From kenton county ky. Supposedly murdered by a serial killer but everyone local thinks the cops killed him! Amazing video brotherman
Wendigoon uploaded, I'm crying, shitting, cumming and pissing myself rn.  Blocked, unfollowed, unsubscribed, and reported.
It’s not completely impossible that Dennis is still hiding behind that bush. Waiting for his parents. To pop out and scare them.
Breaking news... A man going by the internet alias as Wendigoon found dead in the Mojave. Professionals say he was shot 186 times by multiple automatic weapons
i’m ngl the loafers SENT me
Wendigoon's grandpa really got beef with bigfoot
Marry Christmas!
So we talking about a Neanderthal type relative?
They yearn for what they fear
the sound was kinda here and there, specially at the end at the bonfire, but the idea of the in-site investigation is really good, looking forward to it
I went to Cade's cove all the time as a kid when we went on vacation in Gatlinburg. In fact, my gf was there with her family just last week. Makes it feel a lot more creepy tbh now that I know this
Awesome video guys! As someone who's lived in Tennessee for all his life, I always love hearing about Tennessee legends and myths. My grandparents and great grandparents are all atheists and skeptical to the supernatural, so I didn't get much of Appalachian culture growing up.   know I'm not in the position to request videos, but as one Tennesseean to another, I would very much appreciate more information about our great states history and culture.   Thank you, and both the Aidens for the hard work
To be honest, a lot of these cases under further scrutiny can be narrowed down to the parents not being a trustworthy source of adequate time keeping. What i mean by that is some parents will say " I swear i was just watching him just a minute ago, and it may have even felt like just a second". When in reality, they were not watching/paying attention for a much longer period of time, even 15-20 minutes longer then they thought they maybe did. The mind can play wierd tricks on itself , add survivors guilt, trauma, and the whole shabang, and youve got a perfect case of "time amnesia."
I’ve been to Gatlinburg and cades cove countless times! Cades cove in specific is a very dense plot of land. There are bares all over the place! Also, yes I did understand the Borat reference
DRIP
MY MAN YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH I LOVE THIS VIDEOOO. I had to pause and write this not even two minutes in. The appy mountains! The Dr. Enuf! Oh my god! That stuff is my home and foundation of my life! I'm out in LA trying to make the voice acting thing happen (and succeeding, yay!), but just I miss it all so much. Not going to lie, I started watching your videos for the content but stayed for the subtle good ol boy accent that is just so sweet and reminds me of home.   I love that you went to Gatlinburg, its so beautiful out there and we'd go every summer (I'm from East Tennessee, like on the VA border). If you ever visit LA, you are welcome to a home made soup bean and cornbread dinner at mine, because no one gets how good that stuff is and I never get to make it!
my grandpa's name is dennis martin and he lived in the same area where the other Dennis went missing around the same time. I'd be coming up with a new theory right now but I don't feel like it lol
wait you guys are getting emails about robbing the pentagon?
Holy shit wendigoon is tall
this just appeared on my reccomended just when i needed to watch something to pass time, and i gotta say i love the new camera placements! I love to see you experiment with not only new themes for you videos but new ways to implement them, even if i do love your "sit in a room and talk about the topic" video, i really enjoy these too! 💖
i saw this thumbnail and thought this was a buzzfeed unsolved episode. good either way
kid fell into the backrooms 💀
Yall should do a whole episode on Appalachian folklore. Campfire story time!
you should get a higher FOV camera dude, would make ur irl shots so much better :)
I mean this is great love you wendaddy
My family comes from that area of Tennessee...the mountains are beautiful but are a bit creepy as well. All kinds of legends come from there...they used to scare us with them as kids. Wampus cat stories used to scare the hell out of me when I was little.
The number of soldiers, jeeps, helis and other people who were sent in to look for this kid is astonishing, 97 squads like 2000 people. I wouldn't be surprised if the poor kid thought a war had broken out and hid, died and then had his remains scattered by animals.
You should number the videos or put them in a playlist!
That white screamer story was… wow. Great video!
anyone else see the face? 42:02
Lol. I find it funny that they never felt like they had to carry at least a hunting revolver. .45 caliber at the least. Just saying, you go into the woods defenseless, you've put yourself in a precarious position between yourself and Nature. And trust me, you wouldn't want to make that mistake lightly. If they were walking through those woods, at least bring some bear mace yo. Gotta pack something to keep the wildlife at a distance.
Wendigoon is my hero, wears a magnum-PI style button up shirt on a hike thru the Smokey’s! Hahahaha
Dad and uncle taking us on a camping trip
What if the wild man came up behind them when they were ay the camp fire
The campfire-side storytelling was a nice touch. Super interesting to watch, my guy! Very stoked for the movie
Wendi goes so hard man I love it
Teams sometimes report no findings when in fact they don’t check or they find the not enough to even be able to test the remains
Love this one brodigoon
Nahanni National Park Reserve would be a cool feature. It’s been a taboo place since humans first arrived there
Loafers exposed.
the spookiest part is Wendigoon not knowing how to handle a shot where the other host is speaking, so he just ominously stares into the camera like a background mafioso lol
I will tell my kids that this was Sam and Dean from supernatural
While I do prefer the traditional bedroom content, I'm all for seeing our Lord and Saviour Wendigoon's legs.
Loved this. And the last one. Even though I was also at the reactor I enjoyed your video more. 🙏
Gatlinburg is absolutely gorgeous. We go there every so many years for summer vacation.
i'm like 10mins in and more excited for this video than any netflix show premiere. 💖 watching you grow has always been exciting, but the bromance between you and the aidens has been just about my favourite thing since i started watching your collaborations. now you guys out there blessing us with a hike through the woods covering dennis martin's case? if i unfocus my brain real hard, feels like i'm doing an adventure with the homies. 💙💛 oh AND PS THE CAMERAWORK? 👌 seeing you three work more and more together like this is so exciting, the natural wholesome energy at the core is the one. 💙
Isaac and his mother lived alone in a small house on a hill. Isaac kept to himself - drawing pictures and playing with his toys as his mom watched Christian broadcasts on the television. Life was simple and they were both happy. That was, until the day Isaac's mom heard a voice from above. "Your son has become corrupted by sin. He needs to be saved." "I will do my best to save him, my Lord," Isaac's mother replied, rushing into Isaac's room, removing all that was evil from his life. Again, the voice called to her. "Isaac's soul is still corrupt. He needs to be cut off from all that is evil in this world and confess his sins." "I will follow your instructions, Lord. I have faith in Thee," Isaac's mother replied, as she locked Isaac in his room away from the evils of the world. One last time, Isaac's mom heard the voice of God calling to her. "You've done as I've asked, but I still question your devotion to Me. To prove your faith, I will ask one more thing of you." "Yes, Lord. Anything," Isaac's mother begged. "To prove your love and devotion, I require a sacrifice. Your son, Isaac, will be this sacrifice. Go into his room and end his life, as an offering to Me to prove you love Me above all else." "Yes, Lord," she replied, grabbing a butcher's knife from the kitchen. Isaac, watching through a crack in his door, trembled in fear. Scrambling around his room to find a hiding place, he noticed a trapdoor to the basement, hidden under his rug. Without hesitation, he flung open the hatch, just as his mother burst through his door, and threw himself down into the unknown depths below.
Dude yes please, the case of dennis Martin brought me chills when I watched a now deleted video on his case 2 years ago
10/10 my dude! we will watch anything you do
Wendigoon I dare you to steal a truck from the abandoned mill in Coatesville
He’s trying to become a missing 411
Can't wait to die *every day* on my Radical Appalachian Vacation™️
I gotta order some dr enuf
RIP to Dennis Martin, my heart goes out to his family. What a tragedy. Hope they found peace.
Lore lodge x wendigoon ?? I must consume
One of the greatest things you’ve done is leave in bloopers. Please oh please contribute to do this lmfao
one of the key ways you make dogs lose your sent is walking IN a creek...it will generally also destroy footprints.. ah well now you say you despise me. I guess I'll just unsubscribe, dislike, and move on. By the way Special Forces didn't even require a TS/SCI clearance back then. look it up. They typically had just a secret clearance and people like you are why they don't generally help anymore. Idiots will scream conspiracy and the bad press out weighs any good press.  LOTS of people are never found in the woods even when people are within 1000 feet. Look up "when they find my body". A lady died within a mile of a huge trail and after a giant search no one found her (random Navy employee found her years later by accident). Finding a body in the woods is EXTREMELY hard and this lady WAS IN A TENT. You guys don't know what you are talking about and it's painfully obvious you just want clicks and are exaggerating.
Great video like usual Wendi
i just love how when they were hiking, they stop and aiden is just soaked and wendigoon is just standing there dry like "yeah what about it"
This skunk ape....havent heard much about this, and i would like to consider myself a learned man in the conspiracy/folklore realms and what have you.  I truly dont abide by the mindset of requesting you to follow something that just interests me, especially w/o chippin out, you know for expenses and the likes  But wendigoon dawg. You and ya boy should take that dive into the skunk ape. Deeep dive knawmean. Get in the field of that, whatever typa field such an entity would be. Strait up though, i imagine that skape hole would be quite a... mind opening yet enjoyable experience, cause yall brought that up like it was just one of them things out there so yal probably got a bit of insight on a ****ing skunk    ape.
a GPS app makes a great holiday gift.
His sweaty hair looks like he has writing on his forehead lol
always so happy to see a wendi vid. makes my wasted hours even better to be wasted. keep it up boss. dont get abducted by aliens the same way these people were hah
I think I’m too stoned I thought they were talking about a bears foot for a solid two minutes
We Need Land Between the Lakes ft. Dogman next Wendigoon
Sadly a lot of the info is hyped up and when you look at the original statements and facts it was almost certainly a pedophile abduction.
This was super cool. But the first time I heard this story, they said that the kids started playing together because they were approached by a man who said he had the same last name "Martin". To me, I thought this was strange but key - I think the man lied on purpose to engage them all together and  stole the boy. I agree that the 411 disappearances are creepy. Look up the Invisible Sheild on YouTube. It's a real thing used during Desert Storm. We, the people, only found this out 20 years ago. It is a fact that the government has access to technology decades before it's released to the public. Motorola invented & gave the Vietnam soldiers wireless phones to carry on the battlefield. It weighed possibly 100 pounds, but the technology was there. We didn't have access until the 1990's. I believe the Invisible shield has been in use in these parks. If you read Genesis 6:4 in the Bible, it says The Nephilim aka Giants were on the Earth before Noah's Flood and After. These are also literally Fallen Angels of Satan. They can be traced all the way back to Egypt Mesopotamia. But today I know they are evil spirits. Therefore, the size of them is questionable.
the Tennessee wild man kinda reminds me of Frankenstein's monster
I really liked the format of this video
Probably 2 of my favorite youtubers
I just got so giddy when I saw a new upload, such an amazing night now after working all day and I'm off tomorrow too I feel SUPER lucky right now lol
I was wondering when you were going to come back to this series and this is such a fascinating case!! Thanks!
This is how I imagine Wendigoon is happy. Hanging out beside a fire with friends, looking over his shoulder once in a while to look if anything scary is lurking
hello wendigoon id keep an eye out for the haunted chimp if i were you
Worth the wait.
Always such a happy surprise to see you in a collab with Aiden!
WENDIGOON, do you need help? (tell me about magicspoon if you do)
Hey Wendigoon, I juste have a question. I am partially deaf and rely a lot on subtitles to understand what any video is about. Would you be open to add them in your video? That would be super kind of you :')
I’ve been untrustworthy towards park rangers ever since watching ELF as a kid. If santa put them on the naughty list … it was for good reason!
Good to see they got this dude out of that cave!
Wendigoon: *making a video about missing people in a forest* Wears camoflague.
Two daddies by a fire
I feel so honored that you were in my area!!!😀
I got to 46:00 in the video and had a flashback to a childhood memory.  I've always lived in the area around Gatlinburg my whole life. When I was like 7 it was around 10pm or so in the summer and I was out in the neighborhood of my small town playing with my brother and two other kids older than me. I remember hearing commotion and yelling coming towards my friend's back pourch. I was in his front yard. I ran around to the house and saw what he was yelling about. Up in the peach tree they had in their hard I remember seeing two red eyes looking at me for just a moment and then whatever I saw like vanishing into the leaves of the tree and seeing the trees behind it move.  A lot of details are very fuzzy to me but I distinctly remember the eyes looking at me. It was very dark but It did look like those eyes were surrounded by hair. I can't remember an outline of it.  That's my story and source of a few nightmares as a kid thank.
Appalachia isn't an accurate, nor reliable term. Those mountains go from the southern USA, all they way up the east coast, to Canada, and even parts of France. Call it what it is. The "legends of middle/south American mountain states". When people tell me their appalachian, when I ask them where they are from, I literally open Google, open a map of the mountain range states and ask them to point to where they are from. Lol
Wendigoon in his natural Hawaiian shirt on a trek, we love to see it
Litterly every time I hear about this case I think of predator 🤔
please keep doing more 411
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
so nice of tomska to join you for this!
This has strong Blair witch energy
My theory on the wildman is that Larry Bird impregnated a big foot.
They keep implying a child couldn't get through dense foliage but the entire thing is small children have it EASIER in dense foliage due to being SMALLER
THE VIDEOS ARE CHANGING IM SO SCARED
Loving the 411 videos!
Wait, did you really hike in loafers though? 😅
What if one of the green beret took him. And release of this publicly would crush the burgeoning new unit.
AHHHHH Shaky cam is killing me GET A GIMBLE.
I am enjoying these goon out of the room videos....keep em up.
who woukd win?  Tony Stark vs Baloo vs Cornbread vs Thor
I really enjoy this new style of videos, however there are some differences in the audio levels throuought the video that had me constantly messing with my volume slider. As a person who often falls asleep with your stories in the background, I would really appreciate it if you could bring the top and low ends a little closer together during editing (if it isn't too much of a hassle ofc)
The spec ops guys might have found something unrelated to the case, something no one should know.
you two are my favorite channels right now keep up the great work
it’s so cool to me wendi is from Appalachia, we don’t have much representation!
1. I'm so upset that Wendigoon was in my backyard and I missed him. 2. Having grown up near the Smokies there's nothing scary about them to me - just beautiful mountains.  3. The real monsters in this world are humans. They are everywhere, but a lot of the creepiest ones hide out in national parks.
imagine just camping with your family and you see wendigoon burst through the bushes
This is the case that got me into Smokey MTN lore. Great video.
Ayy
Time to smoke a fat bowl and watch this masterpiece
My ancestors lived in mcnairy County at the time, I wonder if they were involved. I know my 3rd of the state is a bit far from ya, but can you cover something in it? Maybe even cover some folklore from all 3 grand divisions of TN? Like Shiloh for west TN, Pulaski for middle TN etc
I loved you and your buddies trying Dr Enuf for the first time!! laughed my butt off! its good stuff 'cause its got vitamins!!  Love your work on this channel!!
I really enjoyed this video and you should do more!
I love Gatlinburg and the cities next to it
Literally one of the top best YouTubers on the platform. Great information, educational to the max, and entertaining the whole way through. I'm loving these on site videos!
Love the Borat reference
Mountain Lion or less likely a Black Bear.
The wendibois are back with the wendussy
The FBI was there? I wonder if the Clintons took him.
5:31  Wendi’s laugh here is so precious
Sometimes you forget how damn gorgeous Tennessee is.
Another Appalachian failure video. You don't take anything seriously and are out there just making a mockery of everything that happened. This video sucked so bad
Immaculate vibes 🙏
19:09 One time my brother "kidnapped" me as a joke at a fair by picking me up and jogging away and I didn't make a single noise. I had no idea it was my brother and I was terrified to the point where I froze and just. . . didn't make any noise or effort to stop him. I was walking next to my mom and she never even noticed I was gone until my brother returned me. The point being said is that I think if he was kidnapped it's possible he just froze up when he was grabbed and never made any struggle.
Pretty awful thing to profit off of. hard to even narrow down all the problems with this but I'll try First off its not strange that this kid could not be found. People go missing all the time, all over the world without a trace. theres no conspiracy, no one is hiding anything. its a tragedy NOT a conspiracy between the Green Berets and the ranger service. Green berets are not infallible, animal can and do strip their kills down to the bone and further theres a reason its so hard to find even dead animals let alone a small kid Second search Dogs are not infallible. in fact they fail all the time. Third you have no good reason not to believe the park service when they say the dad confirmed the shoe prints could not be his sons. Why would that information be in multiple sources? like the dad confirmed this with the rangers and would go out of his way to tell everyone about what was a false lead? for what reason? lastly the whole missing 411 thing is ridiculous. I've read through the book just like plenty of people, and the "patterns" he finds are none existent. Missing 411 cases are kids except when they are not, have a sudden disappearance except when the don't, and inexperienced except when they aren't, and impossible to solve except when they aren't. hell is one of you guests video he acknowledges that many 411 cases are people are German descent, but discounts that from the pattern just because.  The kids total disappearance isn't impossible to explain, not nearly its in fact a sadly common occurrence. any hunter could tell you much bigger creatures can disappear just as easily as kids like Dennis appear to.  I know this is a long post so Ill end it here. At the end of the day Dennis and all the other supposed 411 cases are tragedies. all 411 does for these people and their families is selfishly profit off of their disappearance (and likely deaths). To even suggest something like Big Foot or a wildman are involved is just disgusting. The person you claim to be you couldn't be farther from.
Wendigoon was in Gatlinburg, I wish I was in town while he was there 😭
You need to make a video on sun Moon, he was literally crowned emperor of the United States in the mid 2000's in the capitol building by a bunch of congresspeople
I’ve delivered so many doordashes to that apartment complex in phoenixville at the beginning of the video, I wonder if one went to him
Jesus i come on my god when he panned to wendigoons shoes
If you think about this case it just reminds me of how growing up we werent terrified of what could happen to us until we heard about it the childhood fearlessness we had when we were young was crazy great videos man 💗
I donated asking about this case during a livestream if it would be covered! really excited to see your take on it, thats very neat to see
Really disappointed with this video. There’s basically nothing of real substance in regards to the actual story. This isn’t a video about a disappearance, it’s a video about folk-lore.
This the only channel I can just watch an hour straight
I live here and have seen and heard some crazy shit late at night in the mountains
Aidens color changing shirt is pretty amazing
I absolutely love this kind of content. I hope you make more of these, Wendi.
COLLABBB
plot twist. Wendigoon gets lost in the forest and is the next Missing 411 case
the more the government gets involved, the less i believe theyre there to help
Has no one told him about cherry Dr enuff?   Edit: get a "Big pal double with cheese. Also get a medium fry. Do NOT get the peachy tea even though it's good. Go to your nearest gas station while eating the fries and get a cherry Dr enuff. Don't worry the burger will still be hot when you get back.
Been waiting for this
Honestly if Wendigoon opened some vlog/irl content channel, judging just from this video, I think it'd be amazing
a lot of the missing 411 cases are either VERY poorly covered or just lies, but there are some insane jewels in those books that people overlook because of Paulides's failing reputation in the greater paranormal community
I failed my drivers test today so i really neaded this
I liked the normal videos in ur room better lol
The FBI was searching? If that's true then the most likely thing to have happened is that the FBI found him and immediately entered him into their child trafficking program. The FBI facilitates crime, that's all they do. He got Johnny Gosch'd. It's my opinion that he didn't 'go missing' at all but was taken by an organization that the FBI protects. Cryptid and 411 stuff is perfect cointel for these organizations. It doesn't take long to get to the fraternal orders that these 'officers' are part of, whether it local police, or even national parks officers.
I find it weird that Wendigoon has a name and it isn’t Wendigoon
Letsssss goooooo been waiting for another video!
WHY DID YOU CHANGE THE THUMBNAIL YOU JUST CREATED LOST MEIDA WTF 🤬
Wait phoenixville??? The likelihood that they’ve been to gamers heaven is high
it just sounds to me like he probably drowned and lost his shoe in the creek. reminds me of bridge to terebithia. whatever the case, rest in peace, dennis.
video quality looks like a movie from the early 2010s
I'm not sure how to spell it, but what if he was kidnapped by a man in a ghillie suit? Meant to blend in? Someone off the grid who knew he'd be the perfect target. Small, mentally slow, alone. A man in a ghillie suit would look like a hairy man at a glance to normal people. Maybe Dennis's shoe fell off but the man told him to walk through anyways. After all, what five year old would want to be left in the wilderness alone?
Dr. Enuf is quite bussin, but I personally prefer Cheerwine
We have many of our own "wild men" stories in Alaska. Besides bigfoot, there are two creatures that come to mind. One is a literal wild man, the other like a skin walker. The first creature comes to fruition when a person is killed by the fault of another, whether that's on accident or purpose. The one who caused the death becomes so overwhelmed with grief and guilt that they run deep into the woods where they see a random flame. The person chases the flame only for the flame to move further and further away and it becomes an endless chase deeper into the woods until the person is driven to insanity and becomes a feral person. They act animalistic and lose touch with society, but they can be rehabilitated if their family catches them and goes through a ritual. The other creature is called Kustaka in Tlingit and Gageets in Haida, and is an otter-man. They can change their shape and mimic voices to fool people, sometimes to their demise. They are stories of them being benevolent, changing humans into new otter-men to save their life when they are on the brink of death, but in most of their stories they are malevolent and will lure people in to either kill them or again change them into otter-men, where they will forever stay an otter-man. Nowadays we don't worry about them so much, mostly avoiding places where they are said to still roam, but you'll still be told to not whistle at night as it can call in the otter-men, and if you hear whistling in the night you better turn tail back home.
Bro went to the backrooms 💀
obviously he went to the backrooms
What is that at 6:54, moving behind the trees?
I have to disagree with the statement at the beginning "there wasn't any reason he might have wandered off." The reason he might have is because he's a kid! I remember loads of camping trips with my family where my curiosity made me want to wander around and see what weird stuff I might be able to find. I don't think you need to have developmental issues to find yourself in that situation if you a natural curiosity (that most children have)
When the goon 😰
So cool that my favorite YouTube came down to my neck of the woods! Hope you enjoyed yourselves down here, keep up the good work.
was just watching lore lodge when i got the notification for this video!
i love the 411
Just came to say I love your coverage of the Missing 411 and its cases. We need more!
This is a psyop. I found the lore lodge yesterday and binged his videos and then I see a wendigoon video and he's there  i can't escape
Love when people talk about these mountains. I've lived in the blue ridge mountains, the appalachians, my whole life, and they deserve so much more love and care than they get from people not around here. We've got a lotta great mysteries and stories
incredible video, only thing missing is a stabilizer for walking and talking clips lol
after living briefly near the appalachias, at this point I believe anything could have happened and wouldn't bat an eyelash if it was something unheard of
THATS SO COOL, I LIVE IN PIGEON FORGE!! (Right next to Gatlinburg) Having one of my all time favorite YouTubers visit near me is a blessing! Love you Wendigoon!
Super interesting! Sad and scary as well. Thinking many kids and adults have gone lost in those woods. I live in the smokies, they're beautiful but I don't dare go in there alone. This also kinda made me wanna eat some jalapeno and cheddar hot dogs with ketchup. Odd I know, but oh well
i'm convinced Wendigoon is Brandon Hererra's younger brother
Adiens learning how to survive the cove
Ayo Wendigoon looking kinda beefed up
yall going "someone just kidnapped him" "it was just a moutain lion" And there were no tracks? anywhere? Even in the creek? A wild animal or kidnapper trying to steal a child and make sure they don't cry out in wilderness where sound travels just. easily covered their tracks? The entire way? Also why do you all think the case would be that simple, why would it still be unsolved if it was. Like.
Giant deep dive coming soon?
Love the video! Have you guys considered getting a camera stabilizer? It would really help counter act the bumping from the cameraman's walking. Thanks so much for the great videos!
I enjoyed the format for this video.. do more please ☺️💜
This is a very good video
I knew a white screamer
Not putting the little box captions they use in documentaries with ridiculous stuff in the is a terrible loss for this video
You have to remember when talking about these stories... kids are limber as hell. They are specifically designed to be little monkeys that can climb pretty much anything, and have endless stamina. A kid can fall down a cliff and be just fine at the bottom, while we as adults stub our toe and need to go to the ER. So when a kid disappears and is found a day later 12 miles up the side of a mountain, we as adults think "there's no way a kid could have done that on their own if we as adults with full gear can't do it." Yes, in fact they can.
Lavalier mic
Perhaps one of the green berets or other rescuers found what was left of the kid and decided to bury him right there and say nothing rather than force the family to see what was left of their six year old. Not saying that’s the correct choice but it’s one I could understand if Dennis’s remains were in a really awful state
I miss the old style videos.
Just got a new laptop after mine went kaputz and I’m glad that Wendi uploaded ❤❤❤❤😊😊😊😊 3:12
JUST as I needed something to watch as I cook. God bless
This was, and pardon me, badass
FUN FACT in Algonquin culture down here in Ontario (Canada) "big foot" is actually part of a set of teachings and is linked to certain medicines, it's believed that they were spirit that helped people figure out how to properly use Bush medicines and stuff, it's very interesting
Love when you guys collab
Went backingpacking in the Smokey’s. Best way to see the national parks is back country hiking. Very few get to see the back country.
Finally, the next episode arrives.
You guys fallin in the holes by the river kinda explains, I think, what happened to the kid, he fell into a deep hole by the river, cracked his head, leaves would  have covered his head, then died from hypothermia, spring floods could have filled in the hole. If it was a mountain lion, which easliy drag off a 55lb kid, there would have been drag marks, and a distinct trail to follow
Wendigoon is built
YEEEEEEWAAAAAAAS missing 411 soo interesting and such a good colab
I’m so happy you are helping to bring attention to missing 411
Y’all ever heard of the Michigan dog man? I swear to god I’ve had an interactions with it never seen something run on two legs and keep up with a 4-wheeler whilst jumping over trees and shrubbery. It wasn’t human with bloodshot red eyes and thick black fur with a retched stench.
very beautiful thumbnail
I love how half of this video is just Wendigoon staring into our souls.
I just started playing stalker for the first time to understand what the film your making is about. If it's anything like the Game, then I can't wait to be there the second it's live
You know, I never noticed it before, but Wendigoon has a pretty solid foundation to start building an awesome physique with. If he started lifting and working out regularly, we could get LUMBERJACK WENDIGOON. Imagine how nuts that would be. I guarantee you if you dropped him in a forest, put a red flannel and blue jeans on him and had him chop some wood, no one would bat an eye
Finally more 411 ❤❤❤
Listen I don’t think it’s that crazy of a theory that someone could have found a way to smuggle a tiny 4 foot kid out of a forest and pretended to be a backpacker, to which  every single police and other force available would be busy looking in an empty forest
The restraint it must've took for wendigoon to not explode from excitement when lore lodge mentioned giants
Wendi, I love you and your uploads, but it feels really disgusting and slimy to reference the supernatural/supersitious when it comes to a missing child case. Or any missing persons, for that matter. The important story here is the child and the family. not if the green beres found bigfoot Please avoid mentioning this stuff in the future.
No I'm just questioning what school wendigoon goes to ever since the Appalachian video and now this
didnt know wendigoon had such a based vocabulary
woddy from pka said that when he was a lifegaurd it was common occurrence that children would get lost and walk 2 or 3 miles down the beach to the next point or whatever , makes you think
That whole bare foot and shoe conversation I thought he meant a bear foot print, until he put his fingers up saying 1 foot was bare and one had a shoe 😂😂 trying to figure out what could have possibly happened
Sponsored by Audible, but Inaudible in places.
I don't find it that weird.  It's a big place and a small child.
My man's drinking a dr enuf, I love it. Tennessee og right there <3
Think it's obvious he tripped into the backrooms.
Love dr enuff shouts out from Johnson city home of dr enuff
Wendi - staring into the camera blankly
less of this random dude more of the classic at home shit bruh
Awesome to see Wendigoon doing a video out in my neck of the woods. Great video!
Stuff like this makes me wish there was a creative mode or something to real life so we can rewind and watch everything
Almost an hour to tell this sh**? Seriously? Does Nolan write your scripts?
This was hard to watch I can barely hear anything
You should do an episode on the Pine barrens, but make sure you have a guide, that place is scary and its easy to get lost
I saw a video about this forever ago but yt removed the video. I was so mad because it showed in good detail about the alleged tribe/cult in the woods and foul play with the police. So happy you made a video about this.
“Whatever grey area we’ve decided this channel is” I think this whole channel is just “I think there’s more shenanigans going on than we know”
Okay so here's my conspiracy theory which isn't really a conspiracy: they saw the footprint, had a suspicion, changed authorities based on that suspicion, continued the search undocumented, and found his remains in a condition that would have resulted in questions that they did not or could not answer. So the best choice for them was to have his case fizzle out as declared dead without body.  Tldr they did find his body or what was left but for some reason they could not take that body to the public.
I live near this area 🙃
it starts out them talking and laughing and then at 33:38 it get so sad and scary
you read my mind this disappearence is so odd
It's a shame wendigoon went missing after this video😓
Give this man a doctor enuf sponsor
He isn't lying about the random incomprehensible horrors in Tennessee, btw. I visited my friend who had just moved there in August and they were already telling me how they had seen people watching them through their windows at night. Shit's scary lmao.
So im hearing dont go into woods alone and white got it
Why use audible when I can watch wendigoon?
I live in Northern Mississippi. It's basically accepted fact by people who live here that panthers live all around here in the woods cause they see then all the time, but the park services and game wardens around here VEHEMENTLY deny the existence. The only reasonable conclusion I can come to as to why is they're worried that telling people they live here would make people not want to go in the woods as much and would drive down revenue from hunting licenses. That's my guess anyway. That's sorta what this case reminds me of.
Finally got a chance to make another video thumbnail for Wendigoon. 🙏 Any thoughts on it? _(do you guys like it/any things to improve?)_
Honestly, the Appalachian wild man just sounds like my dad when he was drunk.
maybe it was feral children
Greens probs found evidence of kidnapping so handed it to the fbi
shoutout Phoenixville PA, didnt know i was so close to the homies
It was said this was the very last time Lore Lodge saw Wendigoon after disappearing after he crossed the creek
Wendigoon is wearing Sperrys in a situation he should be wearing any other type of shoe. This automatically makes him an honorary Latino. Viva wendigoon !!!
Love what you're doing and your videos where you're at a location are great.  You can tell that you're enjoying yourself.  The only complaint I have is where are the giants!  What happened to all of the giants?
Wendigoon and MistaGG have become a lot of my content. Solid stuff.
I love living so close to Cades Cove and the Smokies...but it can be so unsettling to know how much danger and mystery exists in my mountains.
I love cades cove. Pretty sure my mother's side of the family can be traced back there. But one of my favorite places to visit when I go to Tennessee.
It makes me so happy to see you in my neck of the woods. Dr. Enuf is literally my favorite drink of all time. Even stationed in Korea I still order it lol
The parents killed him. Idk why they didn't expect the last people to see him alive. Now a days they always suspect the closest family and they also say that most kidnappings are done by someone you know.
Larry King?
The Bob Lazar story would fit this channel.
watching Wendi n friends explore spooky places and talk about spooky mysteries makes me weirdly nostalgic. like i’m watching Wild Kratts, but for grown ups.
I literally just followed The Lore Lodge yesterday with no knowledge that they did a collab with the Goon!!! Great channel.
18:30 feline mothers who have lost a cub have been known "adopt" other creatures as cubs and carry them around
Thats a nice shirt
Two of the most based men in the world in one video. My phone almost blew up.
Aliens
Fantastic work as always. A new Wendigoon video is always a highlight of my day. Thank you for doing what you do and being the person you are.
Oh wow a new upload from wendigoon!  Aaaand it’s a dead kid
Dennis disappeared in 1969 and it wasn't uncommon for law enforcement to keep certain details from the public due to societal values of the time. For example, there's a case from the late 50s in which the body of a young girl (10-12 I think) was found murdered in an abandoned house. She had also been SA'd and her body had been mutilated but the public were only told that the girl had been found dead and foul play wasn't being ruled out. A detective involved in the case was more concerned with preserving the girl's modesty than finding her killer, they prevented the crime photographer from taking photos of her naked body, insisting that the girl be covered up before allowing any pictures to be taken. I'm sure this detective meant well but this interference is, IMHO, a big part of the reason the case remains unsolved to this day.
Cool vid,but what's up with the lighting in the closing chat.Just wondering🙈🙉🙊👍have a happy xmas
Been waiting to long for part 2, I’ve settled for rewatching your channel every 2 weeks
Give credit to David Paulides! Been talking about this for years.
Doctor Enuf better sponsor this man
I will die if i move there? I disagree, im from south florida
I like the quality of this one
Im assuming you cant FOIA request what the Green Berets did during those 3 days
Old format >
Holy shit, I live probably 30 minutes from Cades Cove and had no idea about any of this! Another amazing and informative video from Wendigoon!
FINALLY! Been waiting for another 411 for a long time
I just stumbled upon lore lodge a week ago
Wendi. I love you man. But could we get a timestamp for the story starting?  Yall walking in the woods is cool, but I am sorta here for the story.
Been loving the diversity in content lately, your love has been showing through. Thank you!
Love this in person video style you’ve been doing!! You guys have some cute ass banter haha, motivated me to get a camping trip together with my buddies again.
Watched this in school got detention and im now watching this in detention
You changed the Thumbnail. Didn't you? I got you!
1) new Blair Witch movie looks lit, 2) this story is horrifying, 3) glad you're continuing this series!
Babe come quick, new Wendi dropped
I used to work for the Forest Service, and we had a bit of a one-sided rivalry with the Park Service because they get more funding and attention than the FS. I still don't think its cool how much they're vilified by 411 and its followers.
Holy fuck Dr.Enuf spotlight
🗿
I live in Tennessee, I won't go into the smokies alone, and I won't go into the smokies at night. These mountains are older than invertebrates, there's things in these mountains we don't yet understand.
This reminds me of a story of a missing kid i heard when i was like 14. I don't remember the small details of it but he in the treeline while his family was closer to the car, suddenly they noticed they couldnt see him. a huge search team looked forever, and then years later his remains were found not that far from where he went missing.
I like this but maybe you can tune down the leaf crunching when you guys are walking and talking.
After the first missing 411 video I watched every lore lodge vid, amazing channel
Youtube shadow banned this frfr
I would love to see you do a video on shadow people and the “hat man” !!!
I fucking love Dr enuf
i love ur video essay thingies idk what they are thanks dad
Is there no way to contact one of the betets that were present?
I live in the woods this is def keeping me up
I wonder if Wendigoon watches Bob Gymlan
YES 411 LET’S GOOO! Let’s solve this mystery!!
I can't tell if this mfer is a based anticapitalist youth or a qanon nut
the white screamer is what they call me at the club
Florida has another legend…the Florida man
As a missing 411 myself this was very helpful
You really continue to outdo yourself man. The brown mountain lights video, and now this? Absolutely amazing man.
I’d really love a video about the folk lore of Appalachia. I’ve tried to watch videos of other creators; but you are the only one who can keep my attention lol
MOREEEE!!!
YESSS MORE MISSING 411
Dude, what is it with people from Tennessee and dr enuf?
My two favourite boys.
Living 30 mins from Gatlinburg makes me hope I might meet the Goon one day. 😂
I LITERALLY HAD A DREAM THAT YOU COVERED THIS CASE A FEW DAYS AGO. THE THUMBNAIL WAS THE SAME AND EVERYTHING!!!
Pan - rotate side to side/ Tilt - rotate up and down/ Dolly - physically forward and back/ Truck - physically side to side, left or right, laterally.
i’m so happy wendigoon is finally a 3D franchise. we’re in the PS1/N64 era fr.
16:08 his skeletal remains are literally right behind you
Here’s my uninformed theory. Green berets found the child (dead or near death) and his captor. Whatever had been done or was being done to the child was so horrific, the green berets decided to kill the captor and never speak of what they saw for the child’s families sake and to cover for their revenge kill of the captor.
I love cades cove so much, I took my fiance there to propose.
I think if he crawled trough the brush it would be easier for him because he’s smaller and they started lookin after 10 minutes so that’s more than enough time for him to get out of sight and while their lookin on the trail it just gives him more time to get away.
BABE WAKE UP NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO
UNGH NEW WENDIGOON
I love the vids like this. I understand that's more financially difficult and such, but in terms of the enjoyment factor, I find them very fascinating. You can often glean info from locals that is either undocumented online or just non-reported/reported inaccurately. I've always lived in a rural forested area myself and can attest some weird stuff happens.
My mom and my moms family is from Knoxville, Tennessee which is not far from the smoky mountains are..I’ve been there when I was a kid and it’s a very beautiful place but they are right the weather isn’t nothing to be taken lightly.. we actually went to some old churches in the area and in our photos we saw ghost (sprit orbs).. it’s was a very beautiful place but there was always a weird feeling in those woods. It’s hard to put a name to it outside of you would just have to feel it yourself
They all seem like such stand up guys. It seems like it would be a blast to hang out with them
These are the best type of myth/folklore videos- on location, showing that it wasn't just a story but it was also a real experience
We really gonna get a bonfire story about a missing person.   Well damn
Look into how most of the Missing 411 stuff is just David Paulided misrepresenting facts and plain old making shit up for his books. Someone on reddit did some deep historical dives into local reports.
Bro how tall are you😂😂😂
*doomscrolling looking for something to watch, thinks about listening to a podcast on tantra, sees new wendigoon vid dropped today, abandons previous mission immediately.*
Smug cause already subbed the TLL 😏
Wendigoon a real one 🙏🏻👌🏻🖤💯
I mean it seems pretty straight forward. His foot prints were found by creek; what if he fell in and was taken away by water or drowned.
what a shame that they found wendigoon dead with 26 shots in his chest. what a suicide
It's always a good one when it's mattis and wendigoon
I mean you could submit a Freedom of Information Act request on any comms logs for Dennis Martins search in those 3 days. Youd likely get denied but it cant hurt. Unless that puts you on some sort of list.
APPALACHIAN OH NO I LIVE THERE
my bad
Another A+ Wendigoon videos
Me: listening to the story My autistic brain: holy ish is Wendigoon wearing a flektarn button up?
Sounds like You did that audible commercial sitting on the toilet....
i think u are not accounting for how shit dads can be at watching there kids
Phoenixville!?? Burh, I'm pretty sure I lived in that apartment building you were leaving
Something beyond human comprehension taking him, yeah I could see an Eldridge abomination taking a child for no good reason
Thank u for uploading so I can sleep. As an insomniac with a very unexciting reccomended feed I find myself having to stay up for months at a time, but each time a new Wendigoon video comes out, I am able to get the best sleep of my life.
Would be really cool to see you team up with Steve Stockton and the missing person's Mysteries Channel. Dude seems really cool and covers a lot of these cases
this is gay
Our boy getting ambitious on us. Proud of you, fam.
Do Mandela Catalogue analysis 3
hiking in loafers”this is called drip” lmaooo
that car ride at the start had that Blair Witch Project feel :)
The Camo Button shirt is completely on-brand
31:00 Actually I can think of one thing, purely hypothetically, say a Fed or someone connected was involved in say… over familiar interactions with a youngling. Or murdering. Or both. There are tons of reasons why, but again, it’s the FBI; literally anything is possible with those nincompoops.
41:45 why didn't he react... WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE REAL WENDIGOON
So they say a few times that Dennis only had a 5 min headstart when all the searches with the green berrets etc begins. But they also say the family took several hours to search themselves before they contacted the rangers. So by the time the BIG search started, Dennis had an significant headstart, not just 5 minutes.
Babe wake up, new Wendigoon vid
Yes! Finally a new installment in this series! <3
8:15 Ngl, I was expecting the cameraman to pull a Kane Pixels and trip and fallbinto the Backrooms. No joke, No cap, no Trivago.
For the algorithm
"We really just walked in a big circle" Where have I seen this before........🤔?
That kid's the undisputed world champion of hide and seek.
is the mandela coming?
Theoretically, a 'dead-end creek' has to flow somewhere. Usually it flows under/into cave systems deeper underground, leaving small streams and gaps where smaller objects could very well be suctioned through the gap...
Oh shit boys we got camera angles now
it is approximately 2pm pacific time the weather is overcast and I never want to leave the house again. Good stuff. Terrifying
Missing 411 mfs in an alternate timline where nobody survived the Titanic: "Keep in mind, they said it was unsinkable, so it could not have sunk."
I might be the odd one, but just you sitting at a desk and showing us pictures and/or clips is plenty good for me. I usually “watch” your videos while doing chores or cooking, so I don’t need the in the field visuals or fancy editing.
Based on some of the stories I've heard about André the Giant, he might not have smelled too pleasantly.
My own conspiracy theory is that the park services knew there were mountain lions or bears, but like a specific one they were trying to find for a while which killed the boy. Then the Green Berets took over a part of the park that they knew the mountain lion would be, killed it and take it away so no one would know.
Brilliant Totally worth the wait.
Would recommend watching The Missing Enigma's videos on this too. Dude's channel is great.
Wendigoon rockin the dad bod and loafers
Hey, I work with National Parks, loved this video! Sounds like it just wasn't his shoe though.
a bear can eat a 5 year old in 3 swallows so its really not that crazy
I have been anxiously waiting for more Missing 411, thank you!!
Hearing Gatlinburg mentioned is always so strange to me. These mountains are basically my backyard, yet I’m always learning more and more mysteries about them.
The two of you need a history channel show together lol
This is the best thing on the Internet.
Dr. Enuff!!!!!!!!!!!!! Enuff is Enuff
less go you're back
We just decided yesterday to go there this summer and stay in a cabin 😅 wish me luck
I love the effort put in this part two was just underwhelming
Crazy to see Gatlinburg talked about. I live not to far in Johnson City (home of Dr Enuf) and know theses stories and it's nice to see people talk about the area and especially seeing someone also from the area! Great video as always!
New Horrorbabble original yesterday, new Wendigoon today - it really does feel like Christmas already.
1:58 Finally someone gets it!!! I used to live in the south where they'd have dr. enuff everywhere in like vending machines. The red one got through dark times man ;0; so good
Their channel is great, and it's good that you did a collaboration with them, but it would have been best if you took the lead on this video.
Watching this alone in the woods rn
I'm very sad to hear about this case but I do quite enjoy hearing Wendigoon covering missing 411
We were told about the “creek people” here in Alabama growing up. They had the same characteristics but are smaller than a normal human
Let’s get the Aidens a gold play button boys!
There is a cursor in the bottom right in the clip from 4:50 lmao
I am absolutely fascinated by missing 411 cases, as tragic as they are. I hope we are someday able to explain them.
Sitting around a campfire with dad and uncle listing to scary stories
"feral wild men" - dead. Nethertheless wholesome content <3
This is very strange. 300+ people gb’s included, can’t find this one kid. Like withen 1 foot from his brother this kid is just dragged of the face of the earth. Bears and big felines like bob cats and cogeurs usually leave bones as most of them can’t use a whole skeleton. This boy has quite literally just disappeared.
Also, gotta have another weird Bible podcast soon AND DEFINITELY MORE Biblical fan fiction!!!❤😂❤👍🏻
First time I've seen someone else bring up the fae when talking about disappearances in America, it's nice to hear it being mentioned.  The most important thing to note about the fae is that they're not actually malicious, they're just very sneaky and like playing tricks on people. They're also extremely vengeful, so always remember to be nice to them and treat them with respect, even while they're playing a trick on you. To them, it's just a game, and the best thing you can be is a good sport.
Small backpack
wait how many squirrels can you take wendigoon?
This is good for a documentary
Loving the in-the-field videos!! If you decide to do more of them I'll 100% look forward to them!!
That looks fun as hell.
I love when  Wendigoon goes out in nature and has firepit story time! May I request that to be the norm from now on? Pretty please?
YESSS A NEW UPLOAD
❤🎉The lord lodge and wendigoon have to get together and make videos constantly! I love them both! My 2 favorite YouTubers! So instead of trying to find everybody’s videos just give me on 2 hr. Colab!!! 😂😂😂  Just kidding guys! Keep up the awesome work 🎉😂❤❤❤
How is dad’s head floating?
When plugging your friends say the name even more
Manbearpig
3 people exploring the forest discussing creepy things? *Shivers while standing in the corner of the room looking at the wall*
thanks man, my dog just passed away and this abseloute banger of a video cheered me up
missing 411 is not only incredibly stupid, it also takes away from the interest that the cases have. i could suggest that every single poisoning in north america is related, and no matter how much i argued it, that point would still be incredibly stupid.
26:50   W h a t a r e t h o s e ~  My brother rockin them "dance with me" wine n cheese 2022 bathrobers
The theory I think works best is that the Green berets found the body but that it was so mutilated or something that they just didn't tell the public. Either that or they didn't find the body, but found a lot of creepy evidence of the boys death that they just called it off. The first theory I think is most likely
YAY IVE BEEN SO EXCITED FOR THE 411 SERIES
Is it normal for green berets to be involved with a search like this.
BRRRR i live like 2 hours away from there!! if only i would’ve known that you guys were that close to me, i would’ve sobbed (still sobbing anyways)
Now we need a field trip episode with Mista GG.
IT WAS GIANTS!  😂
I love seeing y'all have fun and irl where this stuff happened!
I have been waiting for you to cover this case ever since I stumbled across your channel. Thank you, dad.
Imagine you bringing home a nice man who's good at hunting, just like what your mother was wanting for you, and she starts screaming just because he's kind of large and hairy. Disrespectful.
I really like this new format, very Buzzfeed Unsolved, you gotta appreciate that work
The "They're holding me at gunpoint" joke is so on brand for Wendigoon that if he was actually in any sort of danger we'd be like "Oh that jokester. Can't wait for the next vid."
Lore lodge seems like a cool dude!
I had a grandfather who surveyed parts of the mountains for future civil projects. Occasionally, he'd come across some barrels and pipes, and he'd back away and kinda "eyeball" that part of the mountains.
Sounds like a combination of the description of a bear, which eyes can reflect a red-orange color and can be black, and a mountain lion, that scream, both can climb trees, plus people tend to hallucinate in the dark, it is fun to learn about folklore though
You're the first YouTuber I've seen endorse Dr Enuff. I drink about three of those a day, I see you're a Tennessee boy
This is amazing! Thank u both!
This one really got to me. I don’t get creeped out by much but something struck a chord here
You mean to tell me there was a mf named Tony Stark searching for a kid
As a boy scout i can confirm they dont send us into the wood alone
Let Audible help you discover new ways to laugh, be inspired, or be entertained. New members can try it free for 30 days. Visit https://Audible.com/wendigoon or text wendigoon to 500-500.
The Tree People tales your grandfather told you sound like a Native American version of "Don't get into a stranger's truck just because he promised you candy".  It reminds me of the Grimm Brothers fairytales, which were basically compiled German folklore written down for the first time.  Did the creatures inside those stories actually exist? No.  Were they cautionary tales for children disguised in an exciting (and often, especially for children, violent and terrifying) fantastical story while talking about real life threats? Yes. Which lesson is going to stick more onto the mind of a child: A parent telling them to not do something for the 50th time or a grandparent telling them a fairytale about what horrors happened to other children who behaved that way?
3rd video I have seen on this subject. There really is no great mystery. The facts are the dogs followed his scent to a creek. By the creek they found a shoeprint that matched the boy's shoes. (Remember, there is no record of the father saying the shoe was too big. That is just misinformation. Didn't happen.) by a creek. The boy fell into the creek and drown, the body was carried off and sank. It happens all the time.
Hahaha be careful mate youre cruising through the bush with that grizzly adams vibe going on...folks might mistake you for one of the wildman crew
I wish we had cases like this one in our region. I mean, yeah, it's great that local people didn't suffer, but I would be glad to conduct an investigation of my own, you know
:D
The one folk rale that really stuck with me are the Hide-a-behinds. Creatures who live in the Forest and hide behind trees, who call out in a familiar voice. But no matter how close you get, the voice still seems just up ahead. Soon enough you'll find yourself lost in the forest, never to be seen again.
PLEASE do the robot grandma story next
This is fun but maybe you guys could rent a wider lens and a stabilizer for the next video? Its like you guys filmed this in an earthquake haha
You should have Bob Gymlan on the channel and do a Bigfoot episode
if its true that the authorities thought that this might have been a human-caused disappearance it would actually make sense for them to redirect volunteers away from the other side of the creek if they had reason to believe that they were about to stumble onto a crime scene- you dont want well-meaning people to trample over the evidence without realizing it. alternatively my theory is that they found evidence of a crime scene that was ultimately unrelated to Dennis Martin and they went silent so they could investigate that without getting anyone worked up/ getting their hopes up
There's a stranger story from Missing 411 where a family went on a camping trip. The dad was fishing with the kid at a lake, the kid fell in the water and went back to to the campsite by himself, and somehow within 250 feet on a straight trail, the kid vanished, I'm pretty sure they never found a trace of him
These videos are getting better and better bro
Love the video but was there any chance that the guy filming was like, maybe having a seizure or something because at some points these shots were shaky AF.
We need more collabs
I cant imagine being a tiny kid being followed by a bear that is easily faster than me
I live in the Rocky Mountain area, and am no stranger to the woods; but there's something so unsettling about Appalachia in particular that makes me never want to visit.
man that tree people story sounds like some cool folklore, but I think we all know it was just a caring grandpa trying to scare his grandson into not going into the forest alone
5:55 based and off-the-beaten-path pilled
I don’t remember where I read this I think it was on a Reddit post but there was someone claiming being one of the beret marines who was sent out there and to what he said is that there was a group of cannibal people living in the National park and they killed then all and didn’t mention it the press because it’ll ruin the image of the park
lore lodge *trying to explain the situation and basis of the video* the leaves- "LET ME SPEAK"
I call MK projects victim
OooOOOOoooOOoOo geten fancy on us with 2 Camara angles I see you wendi XD
dam, windigoon is built like a freaking BRICK WALL.  can I get your workout regimen?
It's funny that he says that if you go to Tennessee you'll die, because the first time I went there I nearly died in Elvis Presley's property
Wendigoat
Here before the video is removed by the CIA gang
WOAH they took the quality of this video to something of a TV show
A WENDIGOOON UPLOAD
Found a cave in the cades cove area before. Possible variable.  Also one of the things they do in searches now is PREVENT volunteers from helping. Get everyone out and then let the dogs track uncontaminated woods.
Home boy. Get a gimbal or a camera with stabilization.
Just saying, mountain lions are the cause of most scarry stories. Woman screaming in the woods and people who go to check don't come back? Cougar. Children disappearing from trails without a sound? Cougar.
I really like the outside change in this video, amazing.
I suppose I should be glad my parents weren't outdoorsy, or I too would have "disappeared," being hyperactive and autistic
I consistently forget your name is Isaiah. That just doesn't sound right. Your name is wendigoon. You yourself are a cryptid now
I hope you asked david paulides to cover missing 411, he gets anal about these things. And david, dont strike the video down  wendigoon is good people.
The Missing Enigma did it/does it the best. Go give him a watch to see how bad Paulides investigates these.
gah dang i was just in gatlinburg😞missed wendigoon, failed trip
do a video on the Finder's Cult next :)
btw fire video
I was literally just watching videos about this case yesterday lol
@wendigoon off topic question, when are you gonna make another mandela catlouge video?
Has anyone tried to contact the green berets and see if they have any information?
Next time I would suggest taking less Mdma when doing this kind of video, anyway still great content.
i was waiting for another missin 411 video from wendigoon   he does not pass that "bullshit vibe" like the other channels
Please wendi keep dropping your works on spotify, it's been so long since you put one on there :(
Aidan is a manlet compared to wendigoon
Invest in an camera steady, they're not expensive these days especially if you're shooting on a phone. The handheld shots are fucking ROUGH with shaking.
Another great video
Wow, if i had known all this before I hiked up Kate's Cove, I'd still do it, but man, I'd have brought a weapon.  And I had to kill 5 cannibals last time I went to my parents. Less than usual honestly.
Its the woodsman, 3 dirty bearded man on the stairs
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YESBYES YES YESUESYE HESYSUEEHR I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SCINCE THE FIRST ONE
Imagine they're doing this, walkin and talking about Dennis, and Dennis just walks out from behind, like, a rock just like "I hear you're looking for me".
Attempt #2 Dear Mr. Wendigoon, I would like to start off this message by saying I love you, your videos are for me a source of endless compacted entertainment. Therefore I have a reading recommendation: Man’s Search for Meaning. This book is about the life threatening experience Viktor Frankl, an Austrian Psychiatrist. This book is filled with unworldly horrors he had to go trough not only physically, but mentally, and out of that horrid experience, he came out with a beautiful resolution for the meaning of life itself.  Thank you very much for your time Mr. Wendigoon, I’ll go back to enjoy the new video <3.
Missing 411 is the craziest because it's all real!!!
what's the music in the background?
excellent video!
Love the field trip vibe
Greatest collaboration ever
Hi dad and lodge guy
yo PHEONIXVILLE? What's up from Norristown lol
Sweet, the second episode of Its Always Sunny in Appalachia
Hey, where's the link to get a monthly subscription with 20% off for Dr. Enuf? 🤔
Dark theory and yes this could be seen as disrespectful but this is just the first thing that pops into my head. One of the other kids killed him by accident. When the family finds out they cover it up as to not ostracized that kid from the rest. Basically an accident happened and the parents and police covered it up to spare the child's rep
But what did the brother say? He was literally an inch away from him, crouching down behind the bush with him. Did the brother say anything??? Did he see him wander off? Did he leave him there when the dad called for dinner? That seems like a pretty important question that was never asked or answered.
38:00 i was thinking about sassy the sasquatch or a sasquatch from that universe when you were describing it, before you said sasquatch
YouTubers outside? Even more hard to believe
Wow it’s really cool that you guys went to the real place that he went missing
Finally a sequel! Ur 411 series is the most looked forward to content I’ve ever had on ur channel
Celtlandia forever
I love how Wendi has a short-sleeved shirt for evert occasion
I think Wendigoon's grounded take is probably correct. It fell under federal jurisdiction and they found a dead body in a grisly condition and felt "Uh we probably shouldn't tell the public about a dead kid being eaten by a mountain lion". Conspiratorial fancy is fun, but the truth is often more boring than you want it to be.
It's all a case of the wedigogoon x
I'm doing a little marathon of your videos while speedrunning a project for school, so this upload is a Godsent^^ it's so nice to see a video like that without hosts trying to create a sloppy dark climate around all of this
I wondered what that Twitter post would be for 4:53
This was excellent; love this kind of content.
A hairy mountain man/troglodyte roaming the woods, huh... Say, where were you at the time of this happening, Wendigoon?
I heard that Dad is really mad at Wendigoon for stealing "dad" from Him
I feel like those videos should be posted without notifying the subscribers 😂
Always a good day when Wendidad uploads, this channel and its subjects fascinates me
💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓 loved this xx
glad I'm watching this at 10am not night
honestly, the more i hear about these modern legends like the "tree people" or sasquaches, the more i want to make a modern beastiary most likely, these things don't exist, but they're facinating to talk about, and in my eyes, it's more facinating to think about what they actually are
We're did you get the flecktarn shirt?
Another banger
Y’all really came into my backyard basically, I grew up and still live in Knoxville but I spent a lot of my childhood in Gatlinburg cause it’s where my grandparents live
always happy to see a new wendigoon video however the other guy in the video droning on endlessly made it a bit less enjoyable
I would love to someday get to meet Wendigoon and the people of the Lore Lodge they just seem so cool
I wish Wendigoon would drag and take me away.  Please go back on PKA sometime soon!
I looked into this myself because it was a very disturbing case, apparently a hunter claimed in 1985 to have found "scattered, skeletal remains of a small child" in Big Hollow within Smoky Mountains, but a follow-up search found nothing.   This case haunts me, man. Fantastic video
44:41 That dodge tho
@wendigoon is too scared of the feds to do a in-depth video of the OKC booming …
I’m glad to see that wendigoon loves Dr. Enuf
This format is not enjoyable to listen and follow as your older videos.
missing 411 is so scary but fascinating, love to learn more and mroe
I’m so glad you uploaded!! I am sick with Covid and dying of boredom. Perfect for a chilly winter day in bed ❤
Weird to see Wendigoon drinking the very same Dr. Enuf we have here in Tennessee. I can now confirm he isn't a simulation.
OMG YES
This is as a long time viewer and just over all a lover of your work and content would like to recommend you go back to one of your videos like the mlk or jfk assassinations and going on site to show it all a bit better. I would love to hear what you say when you the trees in person or the grassy null. I would love to see it in this style of video format.
Were they driving on the tail of the dragon?
💖 Happy Holidays 🫶🏼🎄✨
My mind watching your videos.... 🎵 Time keeps on slipping slipping slipping into the future 🎵
It's not that crazy when you think about it.  I've got a 6 year old nephew, and one time he went outside ahead of me.  Line of sight was broken for like 2 seconds, and it was as if he'd fallen off the face of the earth.  He'd run off to hide and jump out to spook me, same as this kid did.  If it'd been for multiple minutes, and was in an unfamiliar forest where you could easily turn around and lose your bearings, its not hard to imagine a kid getting lost, unknowingly running the wrong way (thinking he was coming back), and putting a sizable distance between him and the rest of the group.  By the time you'd realize he's missing, he's already put distance between you.  By the time you start looking, he's not close enough to find by happenstance.  By the time you're screaming the kid's name at the top of your lungs, even more time has passed, and now he's out of earshot.  Or if he's not, your voice is far enough that it's direction might be hard to make out, and he could start running east when you're south.  A lot of people came to search, but it took time for them to get there, and if this kid doesnt have food or water, he's already screwed.
A 50 MIN LONG WENDIGO VIDEO LETS GOOOO
wendigoon, as an appalachian man have you ever tried ale-8-one?? it’s a kentucky based soda and it’s godly
It’s weird seeing Wendi at Gatlinburg. I was just there on vacation a few years ago. It’s a beautiful place. I didn’t know all of the stories behind it however.
wendigooner is really giving me sad affleck vibes, when he's sitting quietly in front of the fire .
i come from hardeman county in tennessee, and these videos take me back to my childhood hearing stories from the older people around me. always fascinating what you put out, love everything you do
Hey wendigoon do you ever plan on doing an episode on the Jersey Devil?
Always hyped for a wendigoon upload
Gotta be honest, I like your regular videos than these live action ones.
Life; time is money! Me; well.....if I had a dollar for every time this man has caused me to track of time, I'd be between Elon musk and Jeff bezo for richest person!
Hearing about missing children’s cases / cold cases are heartbreaking. It’s made even worse when alphabet agencies like the FBI don’t do much to help. Or if they do it seems like they railroad it for whatever reason
neat
bru wendigoon vids just getting better and better with every upload
My favorite cryptid is The Rake. There's a video on YouTube of some high schoolers or guys of that age going on a hike/camping trip and The Rake comes after them. It's about a 30 minute video I believe, and it's really well made. If you like cryptid stories, and The Blair Witch project, it's just like that. And throughout the video, you catch glimpses of The Rake in the background and stuff. It's very good.
great video wendigoon
The Deep State Bigfoot got him
I think wearing loafers in the woods in 1962 wouldn't be too unusual. The choices for footwear weren't great back then.
Got to love how someone is covering someone who can’t be found in a forest while wearing cammo.
I bet mr. wendigoon is a an absolute master scary campfire story teller
i cant believe wendigoon is like a month older than me wtf.
Maybe Dennis was killed by an animal and they didn't tell the public so the public wouldn't go out and poach every bear and Mountain lion they see
Idk. Seems like a bear could have easily just grabbed and dragged him out of view.
This production goes hard
The large hairy man in the woods bit sounds suspiciously close to Nephalem from the old testament. Perhaps descendants of the survivor's of the biblical flood?
Hey @Wendigoon , looks like you recorded some shots in Slog2 and left it ungraded, lmk if you need any help
My brothers in Christ, invest in a tripod or gimble
I really enjoyed this video. It felt like I was hiking along with them. And loved the background music playing throughout. It felt very natural. Another great video Wendigoon!
LORE LODGE AND WENDIGOON BACK TOGETHER AGAIN IM GONNA CRY PLEASE GO ON A ROAD TRIP
i just realized i’m (somewhat) early
I really hope the police, and no one else, really believes that farmer's story. A being made the farmer follow him in a circle just to kill the family and leave the farmer? Yeah, okay... 👍
Im like six minutes in and this is giving me blair witch vibes
I've started watching your channel about 3 weeks ago and no matter how long they are I always watch them I've watched almost the whole channel and it's all really good content
Always on the grind.
wendigoon was right those loafers are drippy as fuck bro
I’ve been really sick lately and your videos have really helped me, thanks Wendigoon.
I hope wendigoon will manage to escape his kidnapers soon
"The Tennessee Wild man might be to blame..." I am getting really sick and tired of being called out like this. Just because I frequent the eastern side of our state doesn't mean I'm to blame. I live in Middle Tennessee anyways, and it's like a two hour drive for me. Do you really think I would drive out two hours just to steal a kid? And just because I did do exactly that, doesn't mean that I am to blame.  I thought you were better than this...
Love the vids man keep it up
Love the vids man keep it up
really thought he called audible the ho of audio entertainment😅
When I was a young boy scout I was on a camping trip in the Tennessee hills. While the adults were setting up camp, us kids went into the woods passed the treeline and into a dark canopied spot in the woods and we saw what looked to be more bear than man slowly creeping towards the campsite. Upon realizing that is group of kids spotted this creature it backed up on it's hind legs reaching a grizzly height of approximately 9ft tall.  It glared at us with glowing red eyes, baffling us all to what this being may be.  All of us immediately high-tailed it back to camp telling our fathers. They all dismissed the story.
anyone else feel like they logged into runescape when the music started playing
4:50 so many fond memories of camping at Cade’s Cove
When I watched the documentary with my wife. I looked at my two daughters. 2 and 9 at the time. And I was like welp... were never going hiking or camping now.....
I love ur vids and love that this is in my state
Keep the collabs with the Lore Lodge coming, Wendi and the Aidens have become my favorite youtubers by a solid mile
BOGGY CREEK MONSTER.
@Wendigoon new channel Grisiled detective of 30 years Detectigoon
The Missing Enignma YouTube channel finally got FBI records released this year and did an in depth video on the document going over all the leads. I think watching that then this gives you more of a visual. I don't think it was supernatural unfortunately.
Dude looks identical to Gardner Minshew
OK I’m only five minutes in and I have to say, I feel like I’m watching a video of my son and his friends playing in the woods. My son is 26, by the way, and this content is right up his alley. I’m definitely going to turn him onto your channel.
fart noises
"how many squirrels could you take" "Do I have a weapon?" Guy talk 100
8:46 Wendugoon being an actual model
fuck yeah my home turf story
BOOK RECOMMENDATION  with Nephilim (tsul kalu):  Flux — by Jeremy Robinson!!!  You’re welcome!
Tremendous content as always sir,  the fire was a nice touch
It doesn't take a conspiracy for Special Forces during the cold war to suddenly decide they don't like anybody having detailed records of how they operate. I'd put money on some officer finding out the Green Berets were cooperating with the rest of the searchers and took it upon himself to make sure they became more furtive.
please never stop making these i love them
The most likely scenario is a cougar dragged him across the river and ate him, the green berets found the remains and kept quiet cuz they didn’t wanna upset the family
YESS MORE MISSING 411 PLEASE DO MORE BRO THIS IS MY FAVORITE SERIES
These hips don’t lie but these hills definitely do
Just got off work and was waiting for this all day since your dropped the pics!
I honestly love that Cherokee folk tale, sounds like a kind of Native Beauty and the Beast but without the magical prince transformation.
Did not expect Lore Lodge to be in this!
I've waited too long for this. Ily.
33:09 Camera Guy Talking With his Hands: 📷⬆️📷⬇️📷↘️📷↙️📷↖️📷⬆️📷
Love the Lore Lodge and Wendigoon, always happy to see the weird bible bois doing cool stuff.
30:05 That "-and I will get in touch with Isaiah." was so smooth.
Papa Wendigoon! Did you find the creators of magic spoon there?
I cannot express how awesome the on-site videos have been. These vids have scratched an itch of history channel shows I watched as a kid before the channel got all weird. It's been excellent.
dr enuf it’s such an underrated drink 🫶🫶🫶
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO 4EVER OMG
It being 1969, the boy could have been found r4p3d and mutilated and they simply did not want to share that information with the public to respect the deceased and the family & to protect the park's reputation
Kooky how Wendigoon became by far the best spooky-subject Youtuber just by not being a cringelord who does the "demon" whisper and is just a southern dandy
I enjoyed this style of video. It would be cool to see more like this in the future.
Of course he would have a camo Hawaiian
I go to Gatlinburg about 1-2 times a year for a family vacation and it looks so mystical but I wouldn’t want to be lost out there
Also like imagine they find evidence that proves or lends credence to the fact that it was an abduction… why would they want a bunch of searching people trampling through a potential crime scene, why would they want that evidence to be contaminated? 29:00
It's more common than you'd think for an abductor to immediately volunteer to help search. 300+ people can do a real number on a search area or scent trail. Unrelated (?) my mom tells passed down stories of the Wampus Cat, and she's got an amazing impression of a big cat roar.
I miss the old format it was a lot better also getting a little motion sickness with the cameraman walking around. Love the channel just don't like some of the new changes
Definitely want more like this on location
The guy who made missing 411 kinda annoys me. He uses the symptoms of hypothermia as some kind of paranormal act. For example, taking your clothes off because you get really warm even though you're in minus weather. He's just like "why did they do this?". The guy was meant to be some kind of some fancy cop for years and doesn't even know what the symptoms are!
Okay okay, if you check it, I'll do it immediately after this commend
Seeing PapaGoon walk around in wilderness has made me realize he could've played a perfect Jon Snow
First hour gang, love your shit
If bigfoot or whoever kidnapped this little kid then why was there the kids one shoe one bare foot print in the creek? Surely the kid would be over the shoulder of the beast who took him?? So why would he walk through a creek? And if he did then the footprints of said beast would be alongside the kid’s prints in the creek bed. This is so strange but then again all missing 411 cases are. Also im only 28 minutes into the video but i dont feel my footprint questions are going to be answered at all
13:50 this guy is still a kid himself and obviously doesn't have kids 😂😂😂  Six-year-old kids are capable of running 5 mile marathons!
I live, and have lived in Dickson County, TN my whole life. Home of Montgomery Bell State Park. The story of the White Screamer, or as locals call it, "the White Bluff Screamer," takes place in the same general location as the state park sits now (White Bluff.) We also have a similar story of two werewolf looking brothers that were never found after a side show train derailed in rural Dickson County near White Bluff. We even have an entire area of the county named after the story "Werewolf Springs."   I live my life by 2 rules. Don't trust the the woods while unarmed, or the Feds at all.
Some Missing 411 stories are just chilling. Especially the ones where people who can't even get around well for being really young, old or handicapped end up far a way in short times or completely disappear with people around and in rough terrain with no trace ever found. Or children found in impossible places that adults can barely get to and they have wild stories. Just eerie.
What a coincidence I get my hands on a batch of Dr. Enuf a few days before this video
Something I always find odd about monster stories: SO MANY of them have glowing [color] eyes. Glowing eyes are a product of human fears of moonlight reflecting in the eyes of predators which is the one easy way to locate them in the dark. Also fear of the devil.   But actual glowing eyes would be such a horrific evolutionary disadvantage for hunting that they would never evolve that way. Having eyes that glow naturally serves only to give away your position and inhibit your own eyes’ ability to perceive external light
Fun fact of you're ever getting attacked by a wendigo just yell "WENDI-STOP!" And it'll go away no questions asked
I remember when horror stories talked about this and it's wild
Love this video format. Keep up the great work!
Wendigoon I love your content so much just the way you talk and deliver content is so satisfying keep it going 👍
Wendidoon we love you! ❤️🔥
Next episode: The missing 414.
very nice shirt
YEAHHHHHH NEW WENDIGOON VIDEO
This is so reminiscent of Blair witch project raw footage scenes
It's a testament to Wendigoon here that he has 2 million subscribers but the comment section looks like someone with 2 thousand.
u kno u hit the south when they break out the Dr. Enuf
To anyone interested, the channel Bob Gymlan uploaded a really good video about this. His whole channel is dedicated to Sasquatch and cryptids.
Banger as always
the dad killed the kid, god rid of the evidence the night after it happened
Brazilian folklore is very creative but it got so meme'd on that I can't take it seriously anymore.  I mean, imagine a boy with one leg that can transform into a tornado of destruction.  Or a mule who has a head of fire.
First thing any normal dad would have done is ask the older kid, "where's your brother?" Any information about whether that happened or what the brother's answer was?
BABE WAKE UP! WENDIGOON DROPPED!
Dr Enuf is so nostalgic for me. I lived in the region for most of my childhood :)
Yeah what kind of moron would wear loafers while going on a planned trip through a dense forest.... Lmao
Dennis Martin is clearly a victim of CIA kidnapping for the federal child sex trafficking ring that supplies children to pedophiles in positions of authority as a means to collect blackmail as leverage to induce social engineering through the positions of authority held by the pedophiles they supply to.  There are declassified dox on CIA mind control, psychic powers and chemical weapons that turn people gay. You think they're above child sex trafficking?
Finally, I was hoping that you would make a video about this case 🎉
You can tell wendigoon is southern when he drinks dr enuf. A true Appalachian delicacy.
An amazing video. Can't wait for more like it
Wow that’s scary and crazy
Anyone else getting backroom vibes
Damn. Your production quality is getting better every video
Fun fact: at the very moment he said Lewis and Clark I was crossing the Missouri River in St. Charles about a mile away from the Lewis and Clark statue
Wendigoon uploads = W day
Holy shit at 6:00 I think you guys are standing like right by the tree my grandfather has planted in his honor. There would've been a plaque across the creek on his tree
Lore Lodge and Wendigoon both have drip. One with sweat, the other with style
Love your stuff wendiiiii
Let’s go 🎉!!!
lore lodge often makes baseless and false claims about a lot of stuff and should not be taken seriously
Phoenixville, eh? Nice! Love that area of the state. I'm a Lancaster county guy myself.
HELLO
Me who's already subscribed to Lore lodge
Can’t wait for the Wendigoon and Brandon Herrera colab.
A person coming up and kidnapping him or leading him away seems the most likely to me, how hard would it be for a single person to mix among a group of parents just to break away to grab an unaccompanied child
Never heard of Dr. Enough, but as a fellow Pennsylvanian; hearing the PA boys' reaction...I need me one.
Hope you enjoyed visiting my home state :)
Let’s gooooooo, I’ve been hyped for the next 411 video since the first
A series!
YESSSS 411 was one of my favorite episodes so glad y’all made this!!!
Hanging with christian homies
fr baes
Wendi was 40 minutes away from me 😩 shoulda stayed in Tennessee big dawg
LEGENDARY COLAB
i can't believe wendigoon was basically in my city and i didn't know
I actually was just in Gatlinburg to dispose of my grandfather's ashes. I stayed a few nights near the Gingerbread House, up at the top of the mountains by Ober Gatlinburg. I'm still trying to get through all my moonshine I brought back with me!
Did the brother ever make any statements or is there any record of what he said?
They said the avengers had the best crossover
I want more wendigoon! Not small sweaty man!
Wendigoon I hate you 😂😂😂 I just watched a vid on this case and read the book and NOW you post it. I hate going to other channels for vids quality isn’t at all comparable to your content 😂 if you posted a week early it would be you introducing me to this case. Still gonna watch lol every time I get a notification from your channel I clear an hour of my schedule 💪💪
Next episode: Wendigoon Robs the Pentagon Feat. Nicolas Cage
I actually proposed to my girlfriend at the Jump Off in the smokies, and remember passing cades cove. Love your videos! So does my fiancé ❤
damn boys looking very handsome with the new setup and love the lighting
Large hairy individual with something over its shoulder? Giant.
the wildmen stories match the descriptions of what they call nigfoots in 4chan greentexts
To the shoeprints at the creek. They probably told everybody to look somwhere else because like what 450people contaminating a possible crime scene or evidence is Not good.
Been waiting for another episode in this series, good work as always
As a young guy from Alabama, I love these old stories of Appalachia. I've always had a deep love for the history and heritage of the land I call home.
Wait a second isn't this dude literally named after a creature who hides in the woods and snatches people up super quietly?
Fascinating video, honestly made me want to go back and watch Mountain Monsters again...
Merry Christmas wendi
Lord lodge sucks and makes terrible content.
Audible is legit one of the ads I will shill for. You get such a huge discount. If you love audio books it's definitely worth it. Good to listen to while delivering food or something you know. Listening to lord of the rings because you can't be assed to read the tiny text they insist on printing..
As a native Tennesseean, I can attest to this. The wild man is my 2nd cousin.
Yeah no we definitely need more cozy videos like this one. Literally an internet campfire story video. Loved it. Keep it up you two!!!
Slurp 😜
41:44 Astonishing display of restraint Isaiah, I'm impressed!
I think the discrepancy with the shoe print has a more simple answer than anyone thinks:   His parents just don't know his shoe size.   Maybe it's different for other families, but I'm into my 20s now, and my parents STILL have to ask me my shoe size whenever my birthday and Christmas comes up. When I was younger around 9 and 10 my mom just took me shoe shopping by having me try on a bunch of shoes until one fit me. My shoe size was not something they kept up on.
Nevermind missing kids they are under attack by Betty the great magician. You're shirt is purple, now it is green, naaaahaha purple again.
More of this kind of thing, please.
The amount of comedy that they put into just a hiking video is incredible
I was today years old when Lore Lounge snitched and told the world your name is Isaiah haha
Yeaaaaaaa Wendi is backkkkkk
I could listen to you two talk about literally anything for hours on end
Sounds an awfully lot like Man-Bear-Pig. Al Gore tried to ward us, but nobody took him serial.
Rob the pentagon lmao
I’d really love for you to explore Coral Castle in Florida. It’s an extremely mysterious place that I think is hiding something big…
Bro the whole :15 panning of different angles and the eye contact between is horrifying just staring into the camera like that lol i think when its pans to the second camera you're not post to be looking at it :P scared me lol
I fckin love your missing cases. Lore lodge, not so much.
Backrooms
Flintville TN is a hotspot for creepy stuff.
If 'The Blair Witch Project' was a comedy...
Anybody else notice the Mass Effect music?
Oh cool I was just looking for a video to listen to!
Bizarre seeing a story covered by wendigoon I first heard from Bob Gymlan. I love these videos.
I love your guys dedication to turning missing 411 into missing 414.
I loved this so much, definetly want more of this and maybe even a little bit more out in the field. I know it wasnt possible in this one but locations like were the family set up camp, were the footprints were found and so on
i didn't know so many porn bot opperators were such big fans of yours wendiboon... interesting!
Phoenixville, PA?? I live like 10 Mins away lol
babe wake up, dad just posted
I lived in Elizabethton for a few years. As a Texan, I hated it a lot of the time. But there is something different about the wilderness in that area.
imo the "going out" Wendigoon videos have been some of the best ones recently
Its so amazing how much wendigoon has evolved over the years. This has been so awesome :)
Dennis just like me fr 😔
I mean, let's say that the park services found signs that some kind of crime might have been committed. It would make sense that they didn't want to alert everyone and risk them storming over there, contaminating what could potentially have been a crime scene.   Also, as a European, the story about tree knockers does sound very similar to legends about faeries, huldr and similar forest dwelling creatures that we have over here.  Edit: I posted this comment just before I got to the part where they mentioned the connection celtic folklore😅
I see “Wendigoon” and I immediately click 🤪
I absolutely love missing 411, immediately clicked on this video
Well I guess he just fell into the backrooms…
Oh little Dennis :( I read about him in a book about disappearances in the smokies. He always sticks in my mind. Him and Trenny Gibson. It makes me feel very small knowing that people can just dissappear into the woods like that. Rest in peace.
I'd have to clap you for the loafers then too wendi
Your videos make me so happy man, the passion you pour into them is so evident. Thanks for making me smile this year :)
Hate to break it to anyone who is mentally ill enough to believe otherwise, but no 411 case is paranormal or supernatural.
The shirt colour changing is mad
This was good but I prefer the usual format if I'm being honest. Mixing it up is definitely good though.
Surprised I'm watching this 20 mins after post.
Learning of the parks & human trafficking tunnels I'm leaning towards human trafficking
Hey! Really love your videos. You do a really good job and I hope you keep this up for a long time. Take care.
Wendigoon channeling his inner History Channel with all of these cuts and a higher level of quality. Now he just needs actors to act out what he's talking about and it would be complete
Holy shit he has legs?!?!
You're by far my favorite channel on youtube
It would be fantastic if you could continue this! Even if the research and collaboration takes a long time, the stories you share are incredible!
thanks for reminding me to unsubscribe
Do more of these!
Wendigoon is so fine have mercy but anyways great video!!!! I didn’t know about this story
Yet another banger video. I hope you continue this series! And hope you continue to collaborate with the Aidans and the Lore Lodge in general. Please continue this stuff!
I didn’t know I had field where a kid was taken by something or someone
As a native Tennesseean myself (granted not from the Appalachia region) I really appreciate these videos since they help me learn more about my environment and the legends from the peoples before me.   Keep it up these are always awesome!
I never skip a Wendigoon ad because you always listen to your Dad no matter what he's talking about
I'm loving this new genre of video that's basically just an excuse for Wendi to go out and have a field trip/play date with his buddies.
I want a horror movie set within this story and the green berets hunt down Bigfoot and kill him. Kind of a Rambo/ Predator Hybrid
Dr. Enuf is the shit. Everyone who is able should go to the nearest Cracker Barrel and try a bottle.
ALWAYS EXCITED FOR A WENDIGOON VIDEO
I love regular Wendigoon videos. But I’m really enjoying the one site videos. 🔥
Another banger
I saw a really interesting interview with one of the guys researching this case posted by Horror Stories, and it got taken down. I wonder what’s up with that…
Wendigoon i must say you look happy, seems like you are having extremely much fun making these videos so dude really keep doing you
Nothing like being sensually stared down by two men at a campfire. This is the content I live for. Thank you, Mr. Goon
"Who would wear loafers"  Said the man wearing loafers.
Pka did him dirty
I’ve looked into this case, and in my investigations I believe a group of giants from hollow earth took him
It was smart for them to bring Wendigoon along for the journey. Every good adventuring party needs a cleric.
Is it just me or does the Tennessee Wildman sound more funny than scary.
I subbed to your buddy. Idk if he’s a Christian but hopefully he doesn’t espouse anything that goes against Christian beliefs. I will know once I’ve watched a couple of his vids 👍
I wish more children went missing in horrible ways so I could watch more videos about them going missing.   Maybe I'll contribute to the missing children problem and I'll get to watch someone I'm a huge fan of make videos about MY CRIMES
Now in my opinion, this and Bob Gymlan's video are the best videos covering the Dennis Martin case
I've been waiting for this to continue
Hoping lore lodge hits 100k soon
And AS ALWAYS Wendigoon, thank you for providing.
It’s pretty cool that Wendi has been playing around with different camera placement styles. It’s almost good at convincing us he’s not just a giant torso. Almost.
Clearly he went to the ranch were my goldfish is at
Quick sand it sounds like Quick sand
I think it’s obvious that Dennis had information that would lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton.
I love the Appalachian content recently! It warms my little mountain boy heart
The horrible audio on the audible sponsorship is very ironic and part of what makes this goon so loveable.
The White Screamer should be the name of my OnlyFans
I like your videos Wendi but this is completly not why I watched you. This generic music in the background accompanied with bad quality audio that's even worse than your audio when you were starting out, plus the video being less mystery and more outdoors thing. It really doesn't land for me.
I love the documentary style exploration videos. Keep up the good work still love the old usual though.
I was literally wondering when you were going to upload another video And boom
Dr. Enuf and Cheerwine are the magical elixirs that keep you safe while in the Smokies.  To go without them is to invoke the spirits themselves.
what kind of monster actually drinks aquafina? that shit is loaded with enough salt to keep you thirsty so you buy more.
Wake up baby, it's time to listen to a guy talk about mysterious disappearances again.
Hey Wendigoon just wanted to congratulate you on your second channel Soupy Garabage Juice. But in all seriousness great work and keep it up my friend.
I just finished watching a lore lodge vid 2
Have you guys just been hanging out outside for a few weeks just the dawgz outside
This Is the literal imbodyment of ,guys night ,🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Good thing to watch just before taking off for a night hike.
You have quickly become one of my favorite channels. Thanks for being awesome, and keep up the radtacular work my guy 👍🏼👍🏼
The Flecktarn blouse really is the cherry on top of this video 🤌🏻
So these mountains were where Wendigoon was being held by the Internet Historian?
thank you, even only if in passing- for acknowledging what many leave out- missing 411 is about bigfoot.
Your production quality has really skyrocketed. I've loved your content for a long time. You always thank me for watching, but thank you for the amazing content you give us
It always makes me happy seeing you come to Tennessee. If you ever come by again, be sure to give Lynchburg or Tullahoma a visit.
This sound like a Netendrial
"Why would you wear loafers out here" *camera pans down to show Wendigoon wearing loafers
Hi
Theory is a green beret went rogue and they were there to hunt him down
I love this. Anyone knows the music starting at 1:01?
I love Gatlinburg! It where I got my dog. It's such a beautiful place, esp in the fall.
Definitely would love to see more of this style for the 411 cases
tree knocking... hm. you guys have gotta check out the paranormal round table, a few weeks ago they had a man on who told his story. he was from northern TN, near land between the lakes... i'm sure a lot of people here will know that name from recent internet stories. but this man who told his story was, i believe, a 30 year veteran of the police. if not 30, for sure 20. his story takes place at LBL on the tennessee side. in his story he describes being stalked during the day by something that would respond to the way he was hiking (when he would stop to listen for it, it would stop to watch), all while hearing loud knocking sounds coming from multiple directions. the tree knocking part is the reason i'm even writing this. that part, you don't hear too many people describe. but those of us who live hear have always heard stories about it. for anyone interested, the man who tells of this story is named Martin Groves. he says he has kept the story to himself for 20+ years because of his partner, who was there with him and experienced the same things, begged him not to for his families sake. now his partner has passed and martin has wrote a book about what happened that night. true or not, his story is very interesting.  edit: make no mistake my fellow humans, whatever these things are... they are not your friend. do not go searching for these creatures.
You look like a giant yourself haha
Here before the NPS takes this down and Wendigoon out
The big bird did it
fuck yea bro man pumpps out great content fast
It was a big bird
your bday is a  day after mine
“It is time…” -Rafiki  I’ve been giddy w/ excitement since this uploaded. I told my GF a 25 second rundown about Missing 411 and why it was a big deal to me that Isaiah is covering it. She just stared at me blankly but it’s ok. 😅
Thanks wendigoon once again for journeying out ❤️
I can say, living around the Appalachian mountains, you're gonna run into at least one incestual cannibal a week
NEW VID LFG 🔥🔥🔥
Best crossover ever
5 months later
Absolutely love your videos. My mother is a die hard Christian and is now obsessed with your videos as well (watches them while she does yoga lol). Been here since 10k and couldn’t be happier to watch your channel grow. Much love Wendigoon, God bless you.
Hope this is a semiannual event, as the last one was 6 months ago.
Went to somewhere near Gatlinburg with my husband this February, we stayed at a cabin in the woods, it was really cold and there was no heat for days, the scenery was pretty but was also very creepy and weird cracking noises can be heard all the time. I was too scared to leave the room and had to eat takeouts the entire time
i love this lore lodge guy funny af
you should do a colab with mr ballen, he has a ton of vids on missing 411 as well
17:00 You gotta know that shit is serious if they had to bring out fucking Iron man himself to help with this missing 411 case
Ye gods I miss drinking Dr. Enuff… it was a bit of a culture shock to move to Florida and not see it ANYWHERE
It's pretty cool that Brandon has the time to do horror stories.
My Grandfather always told me about a Highschool friend that dissapeared without a trace at a party in the woods behind his house.  I cannot find anything about this online, all I know is it happened in the Blairsville area of PA back in the 1950s.
Love that you actually went on-location to discuss this, really hope you're able to do it again in the future! I personally am fine with long gaps between videos if it means you're working on something bigger or more involved.
Why is his ear bended
How Daniel Radcliffe got so fat over there????? Just joking, much love
"How many squirrels could you take?" "....Do I have a weapon?"
I’m overall skeptical of the paranormal and the woods are damn dangerous. I have seen/heard some missing persons cases that happened in the woods or other areas of nature that are dangerous where what happened was weird as hell but genuinely happened and had nothing supernatural happen. The lesson from the Missing 411, to me, anyway, is that nature and especially difficult terrain and/or weather are incredibly dangerous even when respected and treated with care and deference. Growing up by the ocean instilled a massive respect of the power of nature and how easily it can kill you without blinking. Just animals with rabies can cause enough oddities in the behavior of animals, predators and prey animals alike, that weird shit can happen and be entirely natural if awful.   I think the bit of this video about the family being told that he was found dead and it wasn’t made public knowledge is the most likely explanation. Animals are damn effective and could most likely take a child without people noticing in the right circumstances. There’s something to be said for the simplest explanation is most likely the correct one. Why they haven’t come out and explained that since it odd but not the weirdest thing a U.S. Government agency has ever done.   I hope Dennis Martin is resting peacefully, or is safe and happy if he is still alive today, and that his family got their answers and have been able to recover from such a tragic and traumatic loss. At the end of the day, whatever happened, a young child was lost and a family had to suffer through that. It’s all too easy to lose the real life impact of these cases in the midst of the speculation.  (Not saying these two did that, but it is still all too easy)
Hey buddy, keep up the good work I love your channel and all you do, but I do have to say your fan base is some of the most cringey people I’ve seen in my entire life, especially on Reddit, those neck beard makes me physically ill, keep up the good work.
Wait am here kinda of early better use this comment will
I loved the banter between you guys in this video! Between this and the Weird Bible podcast it’s awesome to see y’all have fun making this great content. Thanks for all the work that you do!
I encountered a tree knocker one time. It asked my greatest desire and I told him to make my neighbors annoying dog disappear. The next day the little barking nightmare was gone. So they're alright in my book.
Hell yeah, Tennessee is my state I’m 45 minutes from gatlinberg
it's wild seeing Wendigoon make a video on Dennis Martin, when he already admitted (and apologized) for killing 11 kids around the same time. It's okay though, I forgive him.
I’ll only get audible if wendigoon is a narration option
pls dont become your own missing 411 case
“This is called drip 💧 it’s different” lol
Why go on location if you don’t even show anything of the location. Just showed a bush
I don't understand how Dennis' brother didn't notice he went missing when they both were trying to scare the adults together. As a kid, I was always aware of where my little brother was because I felt a huge sense of responsibility for him as his older sister.
Great vid bro.😺
Aidens eyebrows look so weird in this lighting conditions... WTF
im a simple man, i see new wendigoon video i like it before i even play it
This has nothing to do with this video but omg they found out who the boy in the box was!!
What did Doug say about the incident? I mean he was right next to him when he disappeared and seemed to have walked back from behind the bush without being concerned at all. I know, quite usual for 411 child disappearance cases to include totally unconcerned children, just wanted to know if there is any info on what his version of the story was. Also didn't they find the other shoe in a boulder field? Or is that just a myth?
W series
On a serious note.. Why are half of Wendigoons comments left by...well, a certain 'type of account' if you will.
Dudes wearing a button down in the woods while hiking. 🤦‍♀️
Missing 411 is so interesting like some of shit is bat right insane
This is just parents ditching their children. Case closed.
dad
Yeaaaah my favorite weird youtubers
I live in Tennessee and I can confirm everything said about the state
Oh yea another video
I'd like to see Wendi do a full video about The Boy in the Box...especially since his identity was recently solved
Get Mulder and Skully on the case
I have a cabin about 20 minutes north of Chattanooga, I’ve heard and smelled a wild man. Genuinely the most scared I’ve been. The next day I found deer bones that still had fresh meat on them right at the tree line. The woods are something else…
Nice An upload from the forest creature after luring out the lore collectors of the lodge
Wendigoon: “Who would wear loafers” *Camera pans down* Wendigoon: “pan back up, this is drip it’s different”
to hear WELSH folklore is extremely rare. i love this video and the depth of the folklore you delve into.
Part 2 lesgo
The Lore lodge is a brilliant channel, it even covers my own folklore. The Faeries.
I definitely agree there was weird stuff going on other than this, but it can’t be understated how difficult it is to navigate through those “bushes” aka Great Rhododendron tangles. In most of the shots you showed, they were growing pretty sparsely but in some areas (especially near water) they can grow extremely thickly and cover many square miles. I’ve tried to go through large thickets for bird/salamander surveys and gotten legitimately turned around, it’s like a nearly impenetrable maze that continually forces you in different directions. Obviously getting out isn’t a huge (although occasionally time consuming) problem as not a 6-year-old but I can easily imagine a younger child getting seriously lost.
I love you Wendi, I love you that’s all I can say
Hey wendigoon great vid like always just a few nit picks, I feel like this video got too long to get into, like 7 minutes before actually talking about the case, with alot of footage of you guys walking around which is fine but this time it felt like it took to long to get into it also the mics while you were walking and talking sounded kinds bad, guess I'm just used to the premium quality audio stuff that you usually do, hope you do more collabs in the future and more missing 411 cases have a good one
I thought I clicked on a mr ballen video! Y’all should collab maybe ?👀
AHHHH FATHER AND UNCLE
You need to do the guy who just recently disappeared on TikTok for exposing a gov facility for giants
Theory: it was a park ranger that lured him away and did something horrific to him. The lack of evidence could easily be explained by it being someone involved in the search. The green berets likely found the body and narrowed it down to someone in the park service by footprints or something similar. The FBI couldn't actually find the right individual and so it got covered up by the 3 government agencies working the case.
goon   check out the killings at land between the lakes in KY
Have you heard of the Alabama white thang
I usually skip the ads but if Wendigoon gets sponsored Dr. Enough I will replay the ad in the background of every videos I watch
Its beyond bizarre seeing you in a place of my childhood, I can't explain it. I've pretty much been up and down Gatlinburg when I was a kid. Camping trips, boy scout outings, family stuff. I had no idea about Missing 411 until it was mentioned by you and the lore lodge, every story is just equally crazy and fascinating. Awesome video as always Wendi
So happy your continuing this series
Let’s goo
Nah, don't like this video. All of the mostly uninteresting footage of your roadtrip adds nothing to the experience.
Its probably just a coincidence, and I'm likely not the first person to bring this up.. but Summer Wells, also went missing from her home in beech creek, TN, on June 15, 2021. There's so many strange circumstances surrounding that case, everytime I hear that date, my ears perk up. I would love to know if that was also within Hawkins County. I highly recommend you look into that case. The footprints, the lack of any trace, and the fact that both children were the same age when they went missing. Something is very odd in that part of Tennessee.
Fuck yea another 411
Despite being a big fan of this channel, I'm not really a person who leans into conspiracy theories or local legends. I love hearing them, but never really believed them. Hell I'm not sure exactly where I fall on these cases either. There is something super strange about them and I can 100% see where these ideas come from. It's frustrating knowing that we'll never know, and some poor fucking kid died so far away from their family. Hopefully one day some form of evidence will come out.
I love the new traveo format
Wow only 53 minutes ago you posted this, I'm so lucky I decided to eat lunch right now!
U WERE IN GARLINBURG???? BRUH I WAS THERE TOO
I personally believe Sundrop is better than Dr. Enuff, but in the world of Southern exclusive green soda that looks (plus taste and has the destructive power) of radioactive battery acid, all are welcome and delicious.  Various green sodas have been giving Southerners in poverty diabetes for generations, god bless them.
campfire with filthy frank 41:30
Dr enuff!! God I miss that stuff, went to uni at ETSU and I drank enough of that stuff that it was probably in my blood stream 😂😅 haven’t had it in years now but this brought me back
I'm honestly surprised they had Green berets to spare in 1969 considering this was during Vietnam. Don't you guys have Charlies to go after?
Love any video you make bro
He obviously fell into the backrooms
Dr. Enuf I'm not saying any harm will come to you, but you may need a Mr. Pepper if you don't sponsor my boy Wendigoon. You have 3 days to respond....... or else. You may end up on the wrong side of Dew Mountian 👀
Who lives in Phoenixville? I live like 30 minutes from there lol
I'd rather you just get to the story instead of having all this faffing about in the woods stuff.
Wow I'm so early
Ay the boys went camping :3
it's so cool that you guys went out and filmed this!! as an undergrad film student who loves true crime I'm extremely jealous haha. great video!!!
as an appalachian who's grown up in the mountains of kentucky... bigfoot's got something to do with this
Did they not talk to the brother who was hiding behind the bush with Dennis as soon as they couldn’t find him?
Dr Enuf is god tier, east Tennessee contains the best soda
missing kid in 1969 you say? hmmm...maybe he played jumanji and is waiting for someone to roll a 5 or 8
I've been watching Dave Paulidis canam for years now. Bought his books and watched his vids. So I've read about or watched about a ton of cases. What I've come to find out is that the whole "guy sees a bipedal with something slung on his back" was actually a shady disheveled dude in a white car. Which is just as trippy cause this case is wild. The missing enigma made a great video on it. Anyways just wanted to throw in my 2 cents. Wendigoon, you're the man! Peace ✌️ and love ❤️ to ALL
Wendigoon: Who would even wear loafers out here?  Also Wendigoon: The comfort from tennis shoes is temporary, but the drip from loafers is forever...
OMGoodness THE BIBLE BOYS
Another informative video as always! Thanks for the time and effort you put in to each video.
This was very nice to listen to while sick at home, love your videos!
Blair witch project vibes in the beginning of this👌👌👌 love it!
Love to see a new video from windie
This was a sad wild ride.  I'm just going to stay inside and not touch grass.
Wanna say i’m not a fan of the editing with the flashing text and little sound effects. I can tell the editor had fun, but also tell em to chill out a bit
like if wendigoon should do a video about potatoes
26:46 Wendigoon: Why would you wear loafers?  camera man pans down: well…  wendigoon in loafers: shut up! pan back up! this is called drip, it’s different😤
411verse expands :o
Absolutely need more of this. Your two channels compliment each other in a near perfect way. 10/10
….coupla serious bushmen 🤭😂😂
What a perfect distraction during holiday break!
I’ve been waiting all my life for you to cover this story!! 🤩
I love the set up and layout for this video!
Love your content
Yeah lil bro got eaten by a bear RIP
an empty wall in the ad segment of the video? is there a new office coming???
Wendi what was your personal experience with the FBI??!!
We need more collabs between you two!
Fun fact, Gatlinburg isn't too far away from Oak Ridge, a town which was founded and kept secret during WW2 to conduct research for the Manhattan project.
I'm not sure if listening to this right before sleep is a good idea, but I love missing 411 stories too much to let it wait.
NEW VID! WOO! :3
Found footage Wendigoon content
another W video from Wendigoon. There was this one time I was in the library and I had to fart so I did but it wasnt a fart but it was really loud. Everyone looked at me cus they heard it but I couldent get up because they would see the stain. Really good video.
Yes! Ever since you announced you would be covering some missing 411 cases, I have been anxiously waiting for the videos. Excited to watch this one ✨
I love seeing that you can now travel to tell the storys your videos just keep getting better and better and more interesting
Wake up babe, new Wendigoon video!
Bruh...I like that shirt. I do the nineties thing though of putting a button up shortsleeve over a long sleeve shirt, so I'd probably shag the theme real bad.   Still, yooooooo more lore lodge and wendigoon?
Heard this first from the real horror stories Chanel, it’s crazy to see you deep dive it five years later, love the content dude!
This is sad, but far from unexplainable. Those woods are thick. Getting lost would be super easy.
I never get the notification that Wendigoon posted, so I just refresh the channel every so often 🤷🏻 glad I'm a little earlier this time
How tall is Wendi?
YAY WENDIGOON VIDEO!!!
oh wow you didnt forget
Hillary Clinton
Thanks for teaching me and everyone else about these topics Mr. Wendigoon.
Yehooooo
*I'm a simple bong. I get a wedigoon notification. I watch the video. CowaBONGa!*
These comment-stealing sex bots are kinda sad to see especially if it's a heartfelt comment. The original commenter puts time into articulating how they feel, post it in hopes the youtuber or fans with a similar feeling see it and maybe respond and just leave the comment in the open. Then some bot quickly steals the comment to look 'authentic or legitimate', gets far more likes and gets bumped to be top comment, and then the original commenter gets 0 satisfaction if someone wanted to respond.
NEW MISSING 411 WOOOOO THAT’S WHAT WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR, THAT’S WHAT I’VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT
Oh man I’ve heard of this one a few years ago, glad you covered it! Love the channel my guy
YES, MORE MISSING 411, JUST WHAT I NEEDED TODAY
Ah yes, a new Missing 411 episode, gonna love this >:)
I waited for the drop of this video!
Youtube: Wendigoon notification Me: 🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹
So how big was this river? Because while I don't think a kid would be able to outrun all these people, if it was a big enough River that he would lose his footing in it and be dragged down stream I could see him elluding all these people and simply ending up at the bottom of the river miles away.
Don’t tell me to subscribe to this new guy
Wow been watching wendigoon for a while now but I just recently found about lore lodge about 2 days ago and here u are doing a video with him.
APPALACHIAN 411 WILL SEND YOU DOWN A RABBIT HOLE, AND YOURE THE BEST ONE FOR IT MY MAN.. SERIOUSLY.     -From an original family member .
So many bots in this comment section!  All with replies from some doofus with a yellow profile picture
I love Phoenixville. I grew up there!!!
Bro was really pushing for 10 min 💀
I'm still wondering how many squirrel's wendigoon could take
Keep doing missing 411 we love it!!!!
Your ad read looked like you shot it in a 1980s interrogations room
ayy I was wondering when the next episode would be
I know you just uploaded this like an hour ago but more please❤
the kid was a kgb agent
If you are a FBI whistleblower... LMAO
I'm gay
Ayeeeee Gatlinburg.
It's so sad that wendigoon and lore lodge went missing in a national park after this video
I absolutely love these missing 411 cases you do.
MORE 411! We love it wendi!!
Wendigoon and dishes time
As a youtuber myself, I wonder how I never heard of your channel until a month ago.  You have the most subs and views I have seen.
No offense man but your 1 flannel shirt away from becoming Al borland from home improvement with dat beard
Please stop supporting Lore Lodge until he stops using "Missing 411" . "Missing 411" is a body of work created by another man  David Paulides and has NOTHING to do with Lore Lodge.  I doubt that you would like another youtuber labeling all their videos "Wendigoon"  to ride the coattails of your body of hard work, especially with no credit.
Well nice we got another vid
Holy shit!!! I live an hour away from Gatlinburg. Can't believe I'm seeing a Dr enuf in this video. Best damn drink made in Johnson city tn!    Ps. If dr enuf are unavailable in your area find a Cracker Barrel. They carry dr enuf
Found you from forehead fables. Love your videos!
Let’s go baby!!
The green berets found the entrance to Agartha and the giants den
Yea but it's also the most covered that every other channel has talked about there are more little talked about cases that are alot more creepy you guys should talk about those ones instead of the same boring ones that have been covered 100 times I'm skipping this vid because of your choice to talk about what people who are interested in Missing 411 are already familiar with
Dr enuf, please *sponser* our internet spooks dad. We want him happy to keep posting videos like this one!
"How many squirrels do you think you vould take?" and then "do I have a weapon?" is peak boys will be boys and im here for it
Your camera man needs a wide angle lens he is shaking this zoom lens all over the place
Another banger of a video like always
The way Wendigoon looks like in this video can make any man question his sexuality.
Instant sub to LL
You always hit the mark with great content, keep up the great work!
Love to see you revisit Missing 411!
🤖
These guys are wondering how people could get lost out there. To the point they're following up on the book about people getting lost.   Meanwhile, they got lost and did two circles while being like 400ft from the parking lot.   Sigh.
Wendigoon is the type of guy to use a YouTuber’s sponsor link when they mention it just to support a creator for each video he watches. God speed you great man
6 minutes in and they’ve already walked in a circle in the woods. 😂
When people go missing in the woods up in Minnesota they almost always just freeze to death. That wouldn't happen in TN, so I'm not sure what would have happened to this kid. Child traffickers?
"The woods are nice but not kind" -Wendigoon 26:03
Now I want a best of of Wendigoons weird e-mails
As a native Chattanoogan I love y'alls appreciation for the mountains!
Plot twist, the vid becomes a found footage movie and they each go missing one at a time
you got that young man laugh. just wait
“shut up! pan back up!” a new favorite moment in the Wendigoon Canon
Is it just me or did this video begin just like most found footage horror movies begin? A group of happy people filming themselves on a road trip with no idea of the horrors that await them? Mwahahah!!
I'm lucky to be in the Appalachian Dr. Enuf area I'm pretty sure high grade Crack is in it!
sounds a lot like Manbearpig if you ask me
Why do I find it weird that Wendigoon is actually fairly tall? I just always assumed that he was like 5”2 lmao
Saw this on community post! I'm excited to watch!
Ahhh i love the “campfire story” setting intro 😋😋😋😋
Bloody hell Are You Afraid of the Dark is back bitches 🤘🏻❤
Cant wait for the day Dr Enough sponsors mr goon
A perfect birthday gift a wendigoon upload
In my hometown too wow❤
Another great video, the missing 411 cases are all so freaky
Keep up the fantastic work brother. God bless from the rolling green hills of Ireland.
Yes dr enuf is absolute crack where I’m from!
Half of these comments are copies posted by spam bots. Please look at the profile picture before interacting with the comment
Wait, he was 4’ tall and 6 years old? Holy shit he didn’t get kidnapped by Bigfoot, he was just going home to his family 💀
this feels like a secret video , or an easter egg on your channel <3
Maybe the real case were the Dr. Enuf we drank along the way
Pleas do more missing 411 videos!
YES, I was wondering if you were gonna do this case when you started this series. Wendigoon, you never disappoint 🥲
I am sick and this video is like  chicken noodle soup. Thank you wendigoon.
Bro fresh windi!! That’s my moms name and my gfs!!! I’m not going to have funnn Wendi help! Anyway you when so many videos it helped me get them done quicker. 2x means half of having to listen to listen to your dumb accent
this mf was within 50 miles of me and I didn't fucking know it
Early squad claim your first 24hour
When does the video start?
Wendigoon a creature in SMT4
Finally another 411 video, thought there would never be another one
New wendigoon video and my boss isn't at work!?!?!? Am I dead? Is this heaven?
Sorry wendigoon I love you but you don’t got drip
Best video to date!
So if it's impossible for Dennis to have run away without being noticed/found by anyone else, did he just fall through the bush ?  Like maybe the ground beneath him broke away and he fell into a cave of sorts and since it was in a bush nobody noticed it ?
I was waiting on one of you to start screaming at the other for throwing the map in the water 😆
I was deadass thinking about the next wendigoon411 video last night
i’m so glad you’re shouting out Lore Lodge, they’re so great
Greetings from Tennessee! Made my day that Wendigoon went all out to visit!
Really strange I just decided a few hours ago to lookup the Dennis Martin case. And all the sudden y’all post this
There's something much more visceral to seeing just how dense the terrain is and just how hard it would be for a child to make a great distance away from searchers, this video has so much more impact than a simple video listing these details because it gets the viewer's own head wondering "what the heck could've happened to this child, what could've come to simply snatch them away from the world without a trace like that?". Really strong video
I find it quite likely that he may have entered a cave and couldn't get out.
Watching this while heading to a US National Park, can’t wait to appear on the next video
@wendigoon next time yall are in Phoenixville give a shout I'll take yall to bridge st for some drinks. It's a great bar crawl area
Oh fuck it's gangygoon!!!
Campfire stories are the best stories.
Dad works in Phoenixville lol
Babe wake up wendigoon posted
I think I got the wrong copy of Blairwitch
My man!
That brokeback mountain intro tho.
I really enjoy these outdoor videos. They are some of my favorites cause they make me feel like it's just a couple friends hanging out telling spooky stories.
MORE MISSING 411 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
doesn't get any better than Wendigoon atm. This is your youtube right now.
They prolly had to keep a close eye on Wendigoon, cause he almost blends in with the forest in those clothes
I was literally thinking about this tragedy like 2 days ago i think
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSSS
Growing up in the Maine woods makes missing 411 feel so personal. I grew up in woods and thought I knew them until I got lost in them, and then I truly realized that the woods are their own entity. They decided to let me go, but I’ll always feel a call to return. It’s weird.
Imagine being a wendigoon fan on a camping trip and out of nowhere he comes stumbling from the woods prattling on about missing people
YEAH! MISSING 411!
Hamburger
They hunkyfied the Lore Logde. Omg
damnn i’m like 10 seconds in and the production is amazing like always
Why tf are the comments filled with a bunch of thot bots
Clapped
there is a video on youtube where you are saying you killed 5 kids is that real ?
FINALLY a continuation
Wake up babe new Wendigoon just dropped
You guys really dropped the ball on this. If anyone wants the lowdown, hit up the Missing Enigma. The channel includes a recent addendum, the FBI report. This is worse than Paulides account of the case.
Wendigoon making all this travel during videos is super fun. And I bet it’s fun for him too. Its so cool watching him in different locations, even if we have to sacrifice some mic quality it’s worth it!
e
Oh shit I had heard about this story before but had no idea it happened in Gatlinburg?  It's so insane seeing areas you visit frequently in YouTube videos
The opening alone is just so charming omg
Sometimes your unnerving background music sets off my schizophrenic episodes
I love your stuff, Mr. Digoon!
you need a stabilizer for that trail camera lmao
If I only had a dollar for every time I've heard "hey your Dads looking for ya."
Huge Blair Witch vibes from this video! 😅
Time for some Wendigoonin’
Thanks wendigoon, I have been waiting for this specific topic since the last video. Shame you were spearheaded away by green berets and haven't seen you since
Not even applying a LUT for the audible sponsor? 💀
I’m enjoying Wendigoon in the field videos
Thanks bae!
One of my favorite quotes about this case, considering it's fairly likely Mr. Martin simply didn't look for a while/lost sight of his son, comes from Bob Gylman: "Looking away for a second is such a forgivable, but unforgiving mistake."
these 411 vids are great
the other guy is a freemason get him off the channel
Oh yeah, it's wendigoon time
Wendigoon videos feel like chilling with your favorite cousin on a rainy day, telling ghost stories
I’m starting to think that these guys need an adult chaperone with them
Wendi you are the best thing to happen to YouTube since YouTube
new subscriber, i just watched the other missing 411 video today, and then you post this right after!! i’m so happy and love absolutely all your videos ❤🇧🇷
Hey Wendigoon, I absolutely loved this video. But I couldn't help but notice the Smoky Mountains look like just the place someone would find the Haunted Chimp. I was wondering if you could look further into the topic.
A rlly good YT channel covered this years ago and was surprised it nvr caught traction , the yt channel was called Horror Stories
When he said bare foot I thought he said bear foot
THE QUALITY WENDIGOON… ilysm
I've been waiting for the missing 441 series!
No one:   Wendi: wears a button down to go hiking
Only just finished my last exam for the year your timing couldn't be better
Finally, another video on Missing 411. Been looking forward to this!
Neat
I thought you’ve already done this one?
how is something “most unexplainable” like if there is no proofed truth then its just as unexplainable as anything else that’s unexplainable   love u wendigoon
I find missing cases and situations like this far scarier than any monster or spooky tale
its a very uncanny (but positive) feeling to me to see popular youtubers even mention tennessee, let alone go into it to film a video since tennessee is a state everyone kinda forgets exists, and even though im literally the opposite of where gatlinburg is it's strange to see people physically be there because of how little i see the state mentioned (and partly because everyone talks about going to gatlinburg over vacations in school) and having a youtuber i regularly watch actually be from tennessee makes a little pride spark inside me i just <3 mmmmmm parallelogram
I know it’s probably weird to say, but whenever you post, it brings me immense joy.
Your production quality on this is crazy.... couldn't have imagined this channel getting this professional
Apparently the Dave Paulides/feral human take on this incident has been completely debunked. At least, that's according to a couple of podcasts I've listened to about it. However, I also don't know who to believe about anything anymore! So...
LETS GOOOOOO BOIS
4:43
The numbers mason....
Haha yes more missing 411 content from this absolute legend
I sure did *miss* this series
Horror Stories (youtube channel) was the one who introduced me to this case and to this day it boggles my mind. So many cover ups, conspiracy, and just unsettling realities in one story.
You guys should do more colabs I love both channels
thx wendidaddy
There some good one from Brazil. Like one where a boy scout just vanish in thin Air and nothing was found.
There's a guy, South Force 10, from that local area who made a yt series of vlogs talking about this case. He says mountain people took the boy and it was well known locally.
hi wendigoon! love the videos, thoughts on the haunted chimp??
New mandela vid when???
Glad this series got a sequel! Keep up the great work
Hey babe wake up, wendigoon posted
Love seeing my college town Sylva and hometown Waynesville on that map at 9:27
My favourite case
omg i have two internet dads now
Dad is getting closer and closer to actual documentary filmmaking.
I’m early
Thanks for the uploads Wendigoon! 🙏🏽 Lore Lodge as well
THE MISSING 411 SERIES IS BACK YES!!!!!!
wendi lookin a lil swole
Grabhhh Return to Bigfoot Wendigoon!
Wendigoon has a really amazing niche of documentary style videos that are fascinating and informative. he will do a video about a fictional flesh pit giant with the same tone and seriousness as a 411 missing persons tale.
Fun fact: you didn’t finish the video yet (by the time I’m writing this comment)
Please make wallpapers in the style of your thumbnails. They are pure art.
Absolutely love your videos! Would you ever consider episodes on Johnny Gosh or Paul Bonacci?
Yyyyyaaaaayyyyyy!
The kid that got dragged 12 miles by a cat sounded more interesting  Like How?
The people request MORE
hell yeah im early
I've been waiting for another video and I get all giddy when you post!! I have notifications on and everything
I used to really like missing 411 until I learned the author intentionally twists the truth to fit their narrative. If these were fictional cases, I wouldn't mind, but these are stories of real people. I just want people to keep that in mind while they look up this series. The author isn't completely reliable.
great video, i thought it was very interesting
Me: fast forwards through sponsor Also Me: rewinds video out of guilt when Wendigoon says thank you for watching add😂
you're seriously my favorite youtuber currently, i absolutely love your content! thank you for being who you are and letting us see that with your awesome videos
Last time I was this early I got diagnosed with jaundice
Always happy to see a new Wendigoon video
Last time I saw a YouTube in the woods it didn’t end this well
Well finally another missing 411!
Daddy's home
I love you <3
Finally more missing 411
I was just at Cades Cove in July. I had no idea about this story but it is an amazing place!
I forgive you for killing those 3 and 5 children
" GIANTS "  saw you on the lore lodge
Please look into the little girl in West Tennessee who disappeared at the age of 14. I believe  her dad said he dropped her off at the Jackson Tennessee mall but there's no proof she was ever there and they still haven't solved her disappearance she was from Henry county  or  Carroll county Tennessee. I firmly believe her dad did something to her and lied I just don't understand why he hasn't been arrested yet. The story is haunted me please do an article on her.
Thanks for bringing awareness to this. Great video
common wendigoon w
I have flashbacks... Am i watching Everyman Hybrid again?
This was so well-produced! I felt like I was watching a glossy and professional documentary until the audible sponsor came up lmao
I love when im midway thru one of your episodes and you upload another.
Lore lodge getting the recognition he deserves
NEW WENDIGOON, LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
YOOOOOO I LOVE YOUR CONTENT!
Woo 348th
Hell yeah
Some 441 Cases are explainable by the Fact that there are Websites on Deepweb which explain how to get rid of your/an Child which's Guide Matches the description of some Cases.
Hi Dad!!!
Yes! I was hoping you'd talk more about 411.
Hi I've never been so early before
At this point im just waiting for wendigoon to say a demons name and get spit roasted on camera.
was this filmed on a cell phone? I cant tell if its just youtube making the quality muddy or not.
Wendigoon with the flecktarn drip
0:18 this pic hits hard
If there's a yeti in the thumb o know this video is going to be a banger
9:04 from some this looks it was shot in front of green screen 😂
first
I hope everyone's doing well today
As someone that spent a week in the smokey mountains. That place is horrifying at night. It gets dark and then it gets foggy. No wonder people got lost up there.
omg omg finally a new 411 video
Thank god this series is continuing
I’m so early omg. I love these type of outdoor adventure series!
Should do a missing 411 Video on this series and why it goes missing for no reason for extended periods of time ?   Conspiracy?!
You should look up “casey and the bear”. In craven county, nc a few years ago, a 3 year old got lost in the woods for several days in freezing sleet weather and we were all out searching for him. He was found less than a mile from his house and said a “big bear” took care of him for the three days and kept him safe. Might be up your ally. Keep up the great work brother.
I love you all! Holidays can be lonely sometimes, just know you aren't alone, it's okay to get help. Yall matter and happy holidays!
I'm gay
Not even a minute in and I know Wendigoon just uploaded a banger. He doesn’t miss
lets goo
Ok
I was just thinking about this series today, very excited to watch this!
Imagine if a black bear grabbed him and devoured him in a tree or far-away cave, as there was several reports of starved black bears in the region days before Dennis Martin’s disappearance.
New Weddington vidoe LETS GOOOOO
cool
I was hoping you'd do a video on Dennis Martin and the Missing 411!
Nice to see a new installment to this series
Wendigang
The amount of shared backwash at 2:16 is the real horrifying subject of this video.
we can now have a Dennis Martin showdown: Bob Gymlan vs. Missing Enigma vs. Wendigoon
Yeah! Let's go wendiboi!
First in 8 minutes
Darn this came out as soon as I have a zoom meeting for school guess I gotta wait :/
Wendigoon uploads and I’m insta clicking
I think you could make a really convincing found footage horror movie just based on your tendency of going to find horrifying shit in the woods
I remember learning about this on The Missing Enigma. Underrated channel
My brain went from: "Yay new Wendigoon video" to "Wait, child disappearing bad" and back to "But new video" so fast. Always look forward to your content!
Ayyy new video, thanks from the Wendigang
you know its a good day when wendigoon posts, especially if its a colab
Have you thought about covering The Russian Sleep Experiment?
Please cover more missing 411!
Hello early squad
1969 nice
BABE! WENDIGOON UPLOADED ANOTHER VIDEO!!
Wendigoon you my favorite YouTuber🙂
Last time I was in Gatlinburg, we heard footsteps on the ceiling in the house we were in. There is no attic.
Part 2!!!! Let’s goooo
This is my favorite missing 411 case I'm so excited
where iceberg?
YALL WENDIGOON DROPPED A NEW VIDEO
I was wondering what happened with this series! Thanks for a new one!
0:58 Live On Site Video 2:30 thanks to Audible 4:49 Pulling into Cade’s Cove 6:17 “Do Not Enter.”  *1969, May 11th* 7:34 The Russell Field Trail • Dennis Martin’s family made this trip, he was 6 years old • Search efforts were hampered by terrain and weather  9:28 Day 2  • The Adults makes camp 🏕 on the trail • Dennis and his brother Doug hide and try to jump out and scare their parents.  10:56 [Rain begins 🌧] Bill Martin, the father of Dennis Martin, ran down a trail searching for Dennis 12:13 Authorities were called in to search for Dennis. 13:55 Search Dogs had a scent leading to the creek. 🐶 14:32  • Footprint Found 👣 ! Shoeprint Found 👟  • but the shoeprint is too big to be Dennis • 1 set of footprints, 1 foot had a shoe on, 1 foot was bare.  17:00 Tony Stark brought in the helicopters 🚁 to help find Dennis  17:43 *Another Child* Keith Perkins., a 3 year old, showed up 12 hours after his disappearance here.  19:33 2 Weeks Later, _The Search Is Suspended_  20:35 Another Camping Couple 👫 saw some ????? in June, “a large hairy man” “a large hairless bear.”  21:32 Bear, Cougar, Person, grabs and drags a child away, without a scream? 22:27 The Failure of The Search 🔍 23:46 The National Park List 🏞 📝  26:33 what kind of shoes were Dennis wearing? 👟 👟 29:33  30:20 Is there any way the search found him and didn’t tell anyone? • found him in a gruesome condition that it would be upsetting?  32:29 Answer a question, get a new question.  *The Scary Stories that came from the Dennis Martin Disappearance*  33:34 The Tennessee Wildman. A Creature. • Tall, Red-Eyes, Deep Voiced, Hairy, Man 35:15 35:40 Tennessee Wildman’s 1870 Origin Story   • 1 Wildman or Many Wildman? 36:36 1995 Rob & Randy Account of The Tennessee Wildman  38:08 “That sounds a lot like Sasquatch.”  39:00 The Flintville Monster • black furred, dog-running man-looking creature, that left humanoid footprints 👣 blood 🩸  39:55 The White Screamer  • 1920s account, farmer gets mad at all this noise outside his farmhouse. 🩸 😩  41:14 Cherokee Suo-Calu (spelling is my best attempt) • Cattle Thief Creature   Romer, Skunkcave, Troglodyte Cave Creatures.  43:33 Essi Va-Kaki(?)  44:05 Tree People 🌲 existing among the trees, knocking on them. Offering gifts in exchange for the life of the child.  46:40 Dennis Martin Disappearance, Unfortunate, Unexplainable  47:34 Most disturbing part of all of this; _it could happen again_  49:00 Thank you to Lore Lodge for help making this video. thanks to the viewers funding the Movie 🎥 . Summer 2023 Fan Film.  51:25 And I just want to say Thank you for watching  I hope that you enjoyed And I will see you in the next one BYE!
Oh man I really needed a new Wendigoon video today. Thank you!
Man I saw a small video, on this topic, on the channel "Horror Stories" and I've been trying to find info on it ever since. As a father of two, this is the kind of stuff that keeps me up at night.
I think this is the first time I have seen one of your videos less than a week after its upload... god damn
Wendigoon!!!🤘❤️☠️🐈❤️❤️❤️ look forward to 2023!!! Keep it up!!!!!!❤
Ayoooo new drop
Why does this feel like BuzzFeed Unsolved two?
This is just male true crime and i love it
LETS GOOO THE WENDUSSY RETURNS
Apologies Wendigoon for I will not watch this video in full until I've listened to it's audio at work. Have to work Christmas so this will be a little gift for me to enjoy.
very cool!
Mr wendigoon what pants do you wear with your Hawaii shirts
Your videos are like nicotine
penyus.
Missing 411 is annoying nonsense,grew up on two parks and worked another in college, but this is a really good mystery.
Of topic question for Wendigoon or anyone who might know: but is there any way I can still buy merch for Stalker: shadow of the zone? I missed the kickstarter and would love to buy something
Posted 7 minutes ago thought I had the chance of an early comment..... Jk already several 100.
Wendigoon : last seen being carried screaming into the woods by a hairy ape man , yelling “it counts as a giant”
Obligatory “babe wake up Wendigoon just posted a video” comment
Finally.
Jelqing to this, thanks Wendigoon
I’ve been waiting for you to cover this 411 since the beginning of the series
I'm from Knoxville and have studied this case in depth for the better part of ten years. The FBI finally released the files on this case earlier this year and I truly believe at this point Dennis was abducted and sold. There are definitely sasquatch in the smokies. They are harmless though for the most part.
you already know it's going to be a good day when Wendigoon uploads
Right now, this kid (if alive) probably has faint memories of his disappearance by now.  Probably he’s an unintentional conman, too since he cannot easily access his identity records.
Only 4,000 views in 7mins?  I'm ashamed.
omg i did not expect to see Aiden. what an awesome surprise.
wendigoon looks like he has a middle schooler backpack lmao
Campfire stories!!
Love your videos Wendigoon
litterally just finished rewatching the first missing 411 vid and delighted to see this came out, banger video man
Thank you wendigoon your content helps me through hard times
Babe wake up, Wendigoon posted
hello hello brent “wendigoon” brown
FINALLY 411 #2
Imagine 4k views in 6 minutes
Woo hoo!
ILYYY
you introduced me to both missing 411 cases and the lore lodge and i am so glad
Glad to see another installment of Missing 411 on your channel!
There are people who claim the author cherrypicks many cases for his basis on the missing 411. Yet these same people have absolutley no answer for the cherry picked cases.  Also the lore lodge has great content. Definitely subscibe to them.
I love you
I’m loving this new kinda format. It’s like I’m 10 years old at camp telling spooky stories
I'm glad more people know about all this now! Love the video!
LETS GO! I have a slow day at work so this is perfect. Thanks Wendigoon
0:18 this goes hard, I gotta screenshot it
i have the bell on only for wendigoons videos so i know wendi-drop
I love this format/type of video. I NEED more
I wish you would go back to the other video content that got you famous  Kind of why I subbed, watching you walk around or do podcast like content by a fire is cool.  Maybe make a second channel, this isn’t what I subbed for clearly, it’s completely different content.
We need more of these
lets gooo I'm so early :D
Get your snacks and drink this is a good one
God bless
you guys are the best, thank you for everything you do.
Oh neat, a 3rd perspective on Dennis!
Me when wendigoon o'clock
I've been waiting for 411 pt 2
Very interesting video! I'm always excited for your unsolved/missing persons videos! Also, Alex Kister just released a new Mandela vol. I would love to see you analyse it!
192nd
Love to listen to your deep dives while studying :) thank you for your hard work!
I’ve not been this early in a while, hope you’re doing well Wendigoon much love
This series is gonna be the new Buzzfeed Unsolved  Just wait
i’m so happy you’re covering this !!! this story has fascinated me for so long !!
Wendigoon is the goat
191st comment
Love you shouting out Lore Lodge. Their channel is incredible. Not just the Missing 411 content.
Yes
CUM BOIS CUM SEA THE MAN MISSING IN CUM BOIS WHERE GO BOIS CUM BOIS TO MOUNTAIN
EYYYY THE BOYS ARE BACK TOGETHER
1800 views in 3 minutes; everyone loves Dad! Haha
BLAAAAAAAH
Glad to see you finally got out of that cave
Oh baby I'm excited.
WENDIGOON BEEN HERE FOR A WHILE LOVE TO SEE YOUR SUCCESS
YEAAAAH WENDIGOON TIME
Undoubtedly the most disturbing missing persons case I have ever read about. Glad you are covering it!!!
Ooooooohhh Wendigoon video Christmas came early!
I live in the north of Ireland so I can watch this while eating my dinner
Bedtime stories did a great video on this topic. Love to see you covering this topic also.
Collaboration with Steve Stockton in the future?
He has legs wtf?!
Yesss new video ❤
Hell yeah notification squad! I love whenever I'm getting ready to smoke and wendagoon just post something new, absolute best smoke sesh.  Also while watching this I couldn't help but think about the possibility that during the three days the Green berets were searching they found something, but it wasn't a full body. Something like a large amount of Blood and tissue that at the time they couldn't have DNA tested, and they might not have wanted to have assumed it was even human. A large amount of blood would be another possibility, you know just anything where it's inconclusive but it doesn't look good would be a great reason to not publicly talk about it and to scrub three days of your records to avoid people getting a bad idea while you're still searching.
Holy shoot 2 min early?!! First time ever. If you guys want something cool with wendigoon vibe check out a video game called the Drowned God. Everything from the development to game itself is creepy a
Harry and the Henderson's is a good movie.
i lovue wendigon
Just dropped while I’m at work had to watch anyway
Ay I'm early!! How-
Mr. Wendigoon. I'm here early to say: You should read a series called "Forgotten Ruin". I think you'd love it.
How come I can only watch on mobile
Ive never clicked so fast on a vid
YESS I love it when you cover missing 411!
2 mins after upload and already 2k views! Well deserved
Fire video so far
YES DUDE I GOT MY MOM HOOKED ON YOU i live in MT and bought the 411 book specific to mu state, ive been obsessed forever and im so happy you make such badass content about one of my favorite topics. Keep this shit going dude!
I have been hoping for the next part in this series. I'm so glad it's here
Tragedy
Hey Goon. Hope you’re well
U know shits abt to get real when the white men got the boat shoes on round the campfire let’s go boys.
Glad you’re covering this case, such a weird and unexplained mystery.
I woke up at the right time!
Why is everyone else faster than me at the first click
New Wendigoon video? Sign me up
Have you watched bob gimlins video?
wendi baby this is going to make me crazy
LOVE THE CHANNEL
Honey wake up, Wendigoon just uploaded!
i just got six squishmallows, are you proud?
never clicked so fast in my life
I'm jazzed
Christmas came early this year huh
Babe wake up, Wendigoon uploaded a new 411 video.
Best early Christmas present! God Bless you and keep up the great content!
NEW WENDIGOON VID LETS GOOOO
Denis Martin... more like Denis Fartin
Love the interesting & unique setup and style for the video. Gives the video its charm
LFG
We need more weird bible podcast!
Hey Wendigoon, ever consider doing videos on Irish folklore?  Some very interesting topics for potential videos!
Love the channel bro been watching sense 300k and I love seeing how far you’ve come in such a short amount of time cuz u deserve it bc I hate watching someone who deserves a million subs but doesn’t grow very fast
Been waiting for this one.
me and wendi share the same passion for God’s camo, flecktarn.
Been watching since October 2020!
why is there comments here from 3 hrs ago here
YOOO I got here so quick :)
eating dinner to this video, thanks
Was watching past Wendigoon vids while studying and clicked this video as fast as possible
Look at a map of all missing 411 cases then look at a map of the cave systems in America
babe wake up new wendigoon video
I needed something to watch for my 1 hour bus ride tomorrow so I opened YouTube and immediately the notification for this video popped up
Dang I wasn't here to make the 420th like
Wendi you’re so cool 😩
im always so excited whenever i see you post, cant wait to watch the full video!
I WAS WATCHING THE FIRST 411 VIDEO AND THEN THIS POPPED UP!!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS❤❤❤❤❤
I can't believe how much you talk about dark stuff without trying to traumatize your audience.
I never thought I'd be this early to an upload
This is some top notch production
Ayyyy new video! Thanks wendi for all these great quality videos!
Perfect spooky vid for a cold morning <3
Yay collab with lore lodge!
I’m actually surprised we got this. I thought you abandoned the missing 411 series
Missing 411 gotta be my favorite things ever. Since Armored Skeptic covered it years ago I’ve always been fascinated with it
Wendi really got his budget game up to 11.
It’s like my dad and uncle telling me a story around our campfire
Let's go wendigoon!!!
It’s been out for a few seconds how are there comments multiple hours old
Use me to show Wendigoon our love! Love you Wendussy
FINALLY!!
30 seconds ago baby even though Paetron ppl got here first
How are there comments from 3 hrs ago it still says uploaded 15 seconds ago
Father. Where is my hug…please…
LETS GOOOO
Are you thinking of making a continuation of the FNAF series?
holy how is there 51 comments but its been 18 seconds hold poop doody
WENDIGANG
1 HOUR VIDEO LES GOOOOOOOOOOO
Baby wake up, new wendigoon vídeo just dropped
Babe wake up wendigoon posted!
Already watched it 13 times. Very spooky.
I was wondering when the next entry of 411 would drop
Just saw the community post when it was uploaded. The universe is looking out for me
Another banger from the 411 series
It’s always a great day when wendigoon uploads
I haven’t clicked a video so fast before, love you Wendigoon!
We live in a Bizarre Universe
POV: you just got the notification
Happy holidays Wendigoon
WOOOOHHH WENDYGOON'S THE BEST
Thanks for putting this out just before I had to go to bed you wonderful man
Early gang
Babe wake up, new wendigoon episode just droped
I saw Wendigoon notification. I click. I get 420th view.
[libationes deis algorithmi]
Can’t wait!
I do love watching these early
Yay new vid
New vid woop woop
I've never clicked so fast in my life
Bru
Love the content man keep it up
First kinda
babe wake up, wendigoon posted
hey dad
Woohoo another Wendigoon video
Another 411 video!!
Nice
Ermagerd
Waoh
thanks wendigoon
Wendigussy
WOOO GOT SO LUCKY AND FOUND THOS
realest wendi fans found this one
I'm here
I feel special finding this early
Unlisted video found in the playlist amazing
I've been obsessed with missing 411 for years so having you do this series is so exciting :)
:o
Its always weird seeing Gatlinburg mentioned. Such an amazing place  Cougars like most cats like to ambush prey from behind preferably around the neck, if they get you you're not going to be able to scream or make much of a sound. Most attacks from such animals happen when someone is crouched over and the animal mistakes a human for another prey item.
Holy shit I found it!
why is this unlisted?
this feels like a secret video , or an easter egg on your channel <3
Easter egg
Love how I only found this because I finished watching the previous one a few seconds ago and didn't see a new one after 5 months even though he called it a "series". Saw that there was actually a playlist with two videos and found this was posted 15 hours ago. Don't know why it doesn't show up in his uploads tab.   Edit: Just finished the video. Videos like this are phenomenal and I'm glad it took the time it did to be worked on. Love it.
nice
I’m from four hours in the future oooooo
Yippee
Sneaky
why is no one talking about the fact that they had literally boy scouts helping
2:29 i was 1,000% sure you were gonna say "and speaking of Sponsors id like to thank todays sponsor....Dr. Enuf" hahah 11:05 first and second thing i wouldve done is shout i cant find him and then immediately question the other kid about it. They were hiding together right? How did they get separated? Nothing about questioning the other kid?
Does me getting here make me a missing 411?
Missing 411 on why this is available 3 hours early
Here before the actual release
Hey what's up. I stumbled here by accident time to enjoy this video thank you Wendigoon
Not sure if this was intentional but the video is only available to find in the playlist. Feels bad
How did nobody find this😂
❤ to everybody here who found this!
Unlisted?
Lmao phoenixville is like 20 minutes away from me
gay
Damn
As someone who watches wendigoon religiously, I have no clue how I found this video
This feels wrong, love you @wendigoon
Why has nobody watched this yet? I liked it.
Lmao early
Why has nobody watched this yet? I liked it.
