Buy a Ubiquiti Switch Enterprise XG 24: https://geni.us/LUeO  Buy a Ubiquiti Switch Enterprise 48 PoE: https://geni.us/41RFE2 Buy a Ubiquiti Unifi Switch Flex: https://geni.us/JxZYn   Buy a Mikrotik 100GbE Network Switch: https://geni.us/nAIpkH  Shop Rackstuds: https://geni.us/lHqB44  Buy Ultra-Thin Cat6a Patch Cables from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/2SfCf Buy a 24-Port CAT6A Patch Panel from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/X3haw Buy Bulk CAT6A Cable from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/kM9HN Buy an Eaton 9PXM UPS: https://lmg.gg/3FzhY  Purchases made through some store links may provide some compensation to Linus Media Group.
I could watch them equipping / connecting buildings with network and server stuff forever, just love it ❤ Please do more of that good stuff 🤓
LOL @13 min mark that mess was FUBAR LOL
@LinuxTechTips - that's not "the only way" to remove or install a cage nut... They sell something called a "Cage nut tool" it looks like a giant nail clipper and anybody who's done a serious install (hundreds of racks) would know your fingers would never survive without it.... but you single cabinet folk are a different breed, apparently 😛
14:16 I feel Linus here, I ask people questions and it takes like 3 tries to get a straight answer from them.
I love the rack studs. I have them holding in a 100lb HP modular switch, along with dozens of other racks of hardware. Only time I’ve ever broken them was using a drill to put the nuts on 🤣
I'm binging LTT videos I can honestly say Dan is the best
wish they did more content like this
Should use Cisco switches, Meraki AP's and routers, 10GB everywhere possible, not sure what you would do if you had 30 racks, and thousands of users.
In southern Arizona 47 Celsius here in the summer lol,  hell is cooler
10:37 Ahhh Bottlenecked At The Source
Wow, not seen a 3 Stooges clip for ages :)
My fingertips immediatly itched as soon as the metal cage nut appeared. I still have literal scars.
Hammers. When in doubt, give it a clout. The bigger the doubt, the bigger the clout.
Didn’t realize I was watching an episode of The Office
17:36 hawk tuah
LTT videos feel like a pyramid scheme, the office expansion is funded by the video, which funds the next expansion, and makes the next video... WHEN WILL IT END??
9:44 HAHAHAH IM JUST YOUR BTCH
How come we never get to see the finished smoothed out product and network config ! *pulls hair out*
I love watching you guys. It's a joy to watch highly intelligent human beings doing something that matters in life and highly productive. GOD bless you guys. I pray that you guys have tremendous success and have all the desires of your heart.
That synced high five was great!
Ah yes, the Linus cage
Dan is Key, Dan needs a raise.
Would be nice if rack studs also had a thin steel rod through them so you can pick them up with a magnet on a stick
jake you are my twin,we do things in the same way
Спасибо за прекрасное видео - заработала 4225 рубля, действительно полезное видео
3:43 Linus is a real-life Michael Scott
11:58 Linux user detected
Rack gocart conversion
Despite all his rage, he is still just a tech in a cage.
Wande bharat express? 0:27
Legit editors deserve a metal! I’d have added way more snarky comments in the video making fun of them.   You sir or madam, have done the impossible and made rando work entertaining and I salute you!
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS I FINALLY GOT AN LTT AD BEFORE AN LTT VIDEO.... FINALLY... I can rest in peace now 😌
quote of the video.... "Colten's my manager, I'm just your b*tch" A+ will rewatch again lol
man, i would have done a way better job than that.
gary's one-liners kill me every time
How do you even compute the ROI when you do a project this big?
This vid is a lot better without Linus in it. He is just a clown in this vid.
5 years ago, the channel released a video about “unlimited” Google Drive storage, which offered a magnetic tape-based library as an alternative.  While watching the current video, a vague doubt crept into my mind, that if you had bought that thing back then and simply released the files to cold storage earlier, then this could really have saved the cost of single family home at this point  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Do you know what I would've given for a $1.6k 48-port 2.5Gb switch?"  Uhh, idk, $1,600?
It’s a cpu hammer
can i get a sata hdd🙃
You appeae to have a lot of money to waste. Some of us aren't so fortunate.
How is this so much fun to watch so many times? Just love the chaos and making Linus cry on the inside
Asbestos!
ANNNNND DROP
new labs update ????
Moving VLOG part 180
Why not just get a cold rack for all that networking gear?
i think you need to go on a course about cable management, and do you know what might help VISIO you can you use it to match cable length for making the patch panels, this is just a thought. 😇
I live that they have 10 times faster Ethernet then the Irish electrical supply board power plant
18:01 what is the lesbian equivalent of this?
This video didn't age well
linus: sees empty rack also linus: if i fits i sits
Since you mentioned it... You have really great editors because the videos was very entertaining..
3:46 Jake trying to be responsible is killing me 😂
13:20 this is why linus.. well.. dosent drink
A good fiber termination kit is only like $6k and I learned it instantly with no prior experience.
I always see LTT hating on convention cage nuts. Maybe ive just always been buying nice ones, but ive never had a problem.
Linus you need to build a sever room with better cable management lol 😝 like buy another unit in there and see if you can fill it up with bunch of servers
3:50 WorkSafeBC is just about to blow a gasket
Dan's bantering is amazing
future dan cant get mad at you in the present so make him do everything
I wish that Linus roast was done with Dan on board, oh my god this would be hilarious
not gonna lie... I love this Vlog
ahh yes your average rack, 90% switches, 10% server
holy crap at 3:28 Dan looks so jacked
These vlogs are always the best content. Jake is the only one that can give Linus shit and make it funny.
Rack racing should be an annual LTT olympic sport.
Dan needs to be protected at all costs
Guys I think this video is missing from your "Labs Content" playlist on the channel. Just thought you should know.
lol stand in the place where you work ha that really shows his age good song though
someone forgot to take their breakfast ritalin, and it was neither jake nor dan
Do you buy gas for your employees? If not why are you charging their cars? If your answer is, climate change, then you should close up shop. The reason being you provide entertainment, something that is not needed, therefore a 100% burden on the climate.
Linus has become Michael Scott 😅
Everything on the floor, Expertly cataloged!
Having seen the newer video, Future Dan tidied that mess up beautifully. Nice work Future Dan.
Feeling
And I helped 😂
Great to watch the three, they have good chemistry 😄
I need more Linus, jake, dan content.
i love linus jake interaction<3
Linus in wage cage
Doing this as a profession i cringed so many times. TBH you get some professional gear, like a labelmaker.
This type of carelessness regarding their IT infrastructure is going to lead to a security incident one day.
"not when you get that drunk" lmao ok Dan
"here i am trying to talk sense'  Quote "run the thing through the thing'
Mmm MikroTik nice choice!
Can I haz patch panel?
as soon as i saw the mess of wires that was the servers I internally went "that's painful to look at."
Also - this video is amazing to watch. Feels like watching your buddies cobble together a LAN Network for the weekend, but bigger xD
lol why would you use your finger nails to mount rack nuts? Just press on one end with your thumb and they go right in.
13:29 terrible twins moment
currupting linus  lol
hire me to do this for you!!!!
Hi linux business Idea.... Why don't you start some kind of hosting/computing provider?
This is like an office episode
The Ubiquiti UNVR is TRASH. Playback is so buggy, every time I have to review footage I facepalm before I start because I am 100% sure it will freeze midway, blur the image, lose connection, whatever. Their switches and APs are excellent though.
hours of cable management
Gary is awesome
The end shot is focused on the gaming chair behind the subject and his face is soft. Also not enough headroom in the shot. If you want me to move up there and help reach out. Id consider moving to Canada
Golden. Classic LTT, loving the Rack. Good to have you back too!!
Linus living in a canada and never head of Avigilon CCTV solutions.. ? Unifi carbage
What about /dev/mount instead of cage nuts?
Linus = OSHA Nightmare...
Running FTE?
Hammers are for percussive maintenance
this, need more of this. the energy is amazing.
Linus's "I'm paying for all this" stuff is getting so annoying
There's a difference between a server room tech and a gamer with network knowledge. :-)
20:27 could have sworn he was a print on the paint
The lack of cable tray work in this video makes me cringe as someone who teaches others how to do this type of work
Dan is the ideal co-worker.
I love these 😂
Imagine having to work for a company owner this childish and unprofessional. I wouldn't last a week around this guy.
jake is getting fluffy LOVE YA JAKE BUT ITS A SLIPPERY SLOPE FROM DAD BOD TO OH HELL NO BOD
0:28 Dan is exactly how my co-workers react when I walk in to work...
Dan looks for any excuse he can to roast Linus and Linus does not make that hard LOL
Just get a cage nut pry to pull it through. Then you don't have to struggle with your fingers lol
The 18:11 shot to Jake 😂
Labs vids are the best!
Another episode of The Office
And I have now watched it 3 times. All the chaos, all the fun. Great one!
The banter had me rolling! Can't believe I just watched a video of three guys plugging in a bunch of cables without even realising 20 minutes had passed...
Bitter drunk, Dan is awesome!
AS someone that installs cabinets for a living, the cable management hurts me.
Not too long a time ago, Linus used to have his server room in a bathroom
I like this vlog like content but they didn't make as much as like the moving vlog in ages and I still sometimes go back and watch moving vlog again
IOT tech here. please oh please make atleast 2u between switch for patchpanels. Its about impossible to service a pp whit only 1U space  ideal would be  -24port Patchpanel -48port Switch -24port Patchpanel -24port Patchpanel -48port Switch -24port Patchpanel -24port Patchpanel -48port Switch -24port Patchpanel
just saying I require a video showing all the dan tasks completed
Now I know were the video recorder is if I break in.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Is it Vande Bharat train 🚆  pic at 0:26 ???
Shout out future Dan
Is that freaking unify's 48 port managed 3L poe switch? I think they're overpriced, I'd rather use the same switch tp-link it's way more affordable so far tp-link don't let me down) Great video though 👍
Are you going to test thermal paste?
It's so nice to see a son and father bonding.
I started using ubiquiti about 5 years ago for beaming internet between 14 offices in a business park saving hundreds every month having an awesome VPN. I've since switch to all our their products, their unifi products are amazing and camera systems are so much better than anyone else
Ah yes a good old MDF build... I'm sure this was super fun.
add a like speaker thing, to info the workers 😆
Actually a better way is to get the network wiring all to a central room and patch all the cables to an IDF, then add a chassis switch like Cat 9400 for the ports. With that badboy chassis switch it can connect hundreds of ports and the whole setup will be way more compact, also less switches to setup and monitor 'cause it's in one unified chassis with line cards for the ports.  (Yes the Cat 9400 also does high power PoE and can push thousands of watts of aggregated PoE power to hundreds of powered devices like IP phones, security cameras and APs.)
PIVOT! PIVOT!
Dan is such a great addition to the team. Cracks me up everytime ;)
"Asbestos". Oh Dan, you lovely goof. :D <3
What does Linus think about the Patchbox cable management system??
LINUS IF U NEED SOMEONE TO KEEP YOUR RACKS CLEAN AND LOOKING BEAUTIFUL, IM HERE
Engagement,  algorithms,  statistics for nerds.  Money's. .      Money's
Comment
Ah yes, a clickbait title and a bait-and-switch intro.  Hey Linus, if you feel like you're wasting money, maybe you can let me just hold on to it.
I'm giving rack studs a try.... I hate cage nuts. trying to juggle a switch/server and a screwdriver and a screw is the worst.
Dan is like get your video shot and ill do the real work later.
You state you are an investor in framework yet you nor your employees use those laptops. maybe you should try use / promote the product a bit more
As someone who does this sort of shit professionally, yall need to stop. cus... just stop.
"Just put them on the floor, its natures bucket" got me absolutely crying hahaha
Poor Jake and Dan, they look so dead inside
Dan had me dying🤣🤣🤣
Love the trio!
You know. A mini flat head makes cage nuts 💯 easier and quicker.
Jake is getting Huge
Cage nuts suck, this is known.
Nice EV chargers! I also just installed a Grizzl-e  great hardened level2 EV charger!
Linus wasting his money, so we don't have to.
I wonder if L.T.T. uses solar power to power their facility.
“I love working 2 jobs it’s great”😂
I dont know put it on the floor 🤣😂😂
Yeah I haven't seen one of these in awhile and now I know why. Same old shit from Linus Clown Tips.
LOL "I actually like doing it you're the joke"  - Dan
this is so stressful lol
As a SysAdmin, I've never felt so seen.
The Labs going to be outdated by the time it's finished or even doing anything Lab related 😂
Does it get this chaotic as well for setups done with big companies like Microsoft or Google? I would imagine it gets pretty routine and uneventful compared to this?
there is a cage nut tool to save your fingers.... usually the rack comes with one.
I really enjoyed this video. You should really think about giving Dan a camera as he continues this chaos.
It’ll be cool to see what you guys can accomplish with the Labs!
😂
if it fits i sits, got me dead
not trying to hate or anything I love Linus, but couldn't he just uses a large nas or two and do the same thing as his servers, it could save some money.
Selling racks and helping build their structures watching this made me so Anxious. The cable management is going to be fun. Future Dan has my condolences.
Future Dan just wasted and organizing the network closet
Linus have had too much energy drink lmao 🤣😂
Linus: Not Bad *voice crack* Right?
Hey, who knew Dan was so hench? His biceps are popping lifting that rack at the start 😅✨
Have you guys never heard of cage nut tools.  Every APC rack comes with one ... https://www.eskc.com/v/vspfiles/photos/apc_870-8137A-2.jpg
wow sometimes I want to punch jake cuz I see myself in linus  but then again jake wants to punch linus when he yeets around in the warehouse in the server rack too so  like  I love dan  lmao
man secretlabs be money hungry..those prices are double the original back in 2019/2020.........
Dan is my new favorite LTT member. I'm an Operations guy and gotta say, I like the way he works.. Fix it later.
Is linus the Michael Scott of his company?
not when ur drunk 😅
Its like watching the Office and Linus is Michael Scott.....
Thomas Muller on the wall. I didn't know LTT was into football.
Socks N Sandals. Fml
Looks Orange on my eyes
This episode has a this old house like feel lol. Especially in the beginning
If it doesnt fit, we hit it. Hahahahah
Never noticed until this video - Linus' voice == Michael Scott
Jake and Dan's department is the LTT Tiger Team. Expert troubleshooters that go wherever they're needed to make sure Things Get Done.
IF I FITS I SITS, HE SAID THE THING
How long after Linus dropped the screw on the floor did his OCD kick in and he went back to pick it up?😂
It was nice seeing this after I just finished setting up a Ubiquiti network for work in our new building. I absolutely love their products and cloud dashboard. Very intuitive product.
uh.17:53 use cable ties to bundle/organize the cables? <_<
5:16 hahahahaha
using Ubiquiti switching and expecting to be taken seriously in the tech industry: "LTT Pro-Sumer Retail Labs"
omg drunk work lol, i mean if your not on a fork lift lol.....
18:00 "You throw your cables around and you hope it attracts a lady." Yeah... lady.... 👀
14:35 "Where do you want it?" That's what he said! Zing!
a video with the 3 of them always make the way to being one of my fav videos
2:30 No DC fast charger = what's even the point? 😆
Linus: "Do you  know what I would have given for a $1600 48 port switch when we started?"  ....umm $1600?
The "Basically just chaos" segment title started to make sense as the video kept rolling :P
Where's da patch panel... On da floor. (Old nz ad reference 😂)
😂😂😂😂😂
Linus, you can send your Ubiquiti network gears to me. Thanks, Linus!!!
FYI they do make cage nut tools
Linus in the rack reminds me of agent Maxwell Smart in the phone booth. Does Linus have a phone in his shoe? I'm surprised you guys actually make money - LOL.
Those aren't hammers. They're "persuaders".
I don’t like 48 port patch panels either. I’m with you!
Linus missed a perfect opportunity to Plug LTT store. @6:38
While you CAN epoxy th floor yourself I don't recommend it.  It won't last more than a couple of years if you're lucky and now you have a big mess to grind off in order to pay the company that you should have hired in the first place to do it right.
Maybe the title of this video should be, "The Three Stooges do IT"!
thank you for the rack stud link! most useful link in the comments!
Jeeeeeez, was thinking the 24 port switch would be nice but i check and its nearly $2000 lmaoo, it won't be that nice
This was hilarious 😂
should have the uprights in deeper , plus the more I look its done backwards
I'm not even in Into computers or this stuff but yet I like this channel And all of Characters on it..
i love this clip.
We’re always right
Those rackstuds look pretty awesome. Cage nuts on the other hand, are made of pure hatred.
TO BE FAIR..... There are cage nut installation tools that work really well, I use them, so using your fingers is not the "only" way to do it.
What's up with the vertical tear. as soon as i saw that, i couldn't focus on the rest of the video.
When did Linus turn into Michael Scott from The Office?
Dan is nice  Dan likes to have fun Dan has seen some sh*t Be like Dan.
This is just incredible
The real challenge for the staff was to prevent their boss from hurting himself during the entire process of construction. I thought the grandparents were supposed to take care of the kid for this week.
I gotta give props to LTT for the bomb subtitles on their videos. Audio processing is hard for me sometimes and it helps exponentially.
Dan is great!
"You throw your cable around and hope it attract a lady"  That's how I met my spouse! (yes seriously)😂  I would never do any networking job with any of you.. lol
LOL! I like how they’re like “meh, we don’t have to tell them the internet is going down.” DO YOU THINK SCHEDULED DOWNTIME IS SOME SORT OF GAME!?
Oh this is why I used to do all this stuff alone.
Jake is the young guy but Linus is rapidly aging him to catch him up.
next time put the switch support a little backwards for the rack door to close without breaking the fibers
Hey, if you need any testing equipment, I can ask my mom to help yall out, she works at fiirecell, ik you reached out to them...
I hope there are more vids like this!
Sorry, ubiquiti got really good? Just wait a couple of months, you'll throw it all in the trash. What Ubiquiti gained in features, they lost in software quality and stability. I bought every generation of switches from them, and all the XG stuff is complete and utter junk. Random disconnects, switches that just crash/freeze until a powercycle. I automated a daily shutdown/restart procedure to keep things in check and still the network would die on me several times during workdays. Firmware updates made it even worse.
What? That nice row section of graphics cards was very organized. What was wrong with it? How would you organize what appears to be 50 boxes, each with a graphics card?
"Colton's my manager, I'm just your b****." This and about every 3rd other sentence spoken in this video were gold standard.
use a cage nut tool for putting cage nuts in. noobs.
7:05 (Linus drops cage nut on floor) Linus: Oh nuts! Me: Linus, I think you just made your point about how annoying Cage nuts are....
It's nature's bucket 😅
Give us more of Dan! We need more of Dan!
At 4:45 waiting for Dan to shout "Pivot!"
Love the chaos. More please 🙂
1600$ for this POE switch? that stuff got cheap yo
WAIT!   Yvonne gave y'all instructions to clean up her business and you end up dry humping all the equipment she bought for an hour before ya even got started (laughing).  If it weren't for the "Glory Holes"  for all the screws y'all might not have ever got the racks together.  There are no haters only graders.  In this case guys y'all done good and it most definitely was NOT a waste of Yvonne's money.  Thanks for the mindless entertainment.  Y'all rock!
Wonderful energy when these 3 are in one room
Every second of this video, it's a template of an IT meme. Thanks, LMG.
So, there is a CEO trying to "help" IT guys to rack and make the setup of the network. I want to call this video: THE LINUS TEST, cause if you can stay calm, after all the situation you can be promoted or have a payrise.
Linus' transition into Sharlto Copley is almost complete.
Overhead cable trays are a great infrastructure addition.
What rack is that? Awesome color!
"If it doesn't fit we hit it" that is hands down the best thing i've heard in a long time 😂😂
love their cable management xD
The sheer mad gremlin energy on display...
hi seques are on of the best ngl
Hey! That’s what it looks like to do my job!
Is it an OSHA violation if its the owner?
This cable management is how I feel about my mid-tower PC with my 3070ti and r5 3600 and air cooler. I probably just need a more cable friendly case.
I'd pay seriously good money to watch a Linus, Dan and Jake monthly 'menial task' sitcom
I feel like an LTT employee gym could help with all these giant server racks... IJS
i still dont get why you need all of this
Waiting for super micro servers to be tested in LTT labs😇
I actually like videos like this. I miss when they did them regularly.
Linus owns all the clothes my gtav character would wear 🤓
Why not use Cisco switches
Hi guys! Are you hiring anyone for IT infrastructure? (Network, security, storage, virtualization...) Let me help Jake in these adventures! ;)
Don’t mind language and partake moderately myself but damn… it’s like bro is trying to curse a lot 😵‍💫
I don’t work in networking, but I do work for a specialist manufacturing electrical company and it baffles me every time I see professional/semiprofessional networking I don’t understand why they don’t use either. Dino heat shrink, labels or directly printing on the cables.
The amount of fingers one destroys and hands one stabs with flat screw drivers trying to push the nuts in before finding that there is actually a great little tool to pull the cage nuts through (with that said, rack studs are great)
Just use WiFi lol
I realy like this kind of vids
LOL 13:20 Linus dying inside!!! hahaha
"There's a reason I'm on medication" Jesus did I feel that personally and spit my drink out.
I am Dan.
Watch some Fiber Ninja videos for inspiration.
If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
You're still buying Eaton after one catched on fire?
0:26 Vande Bharat
Everyone knows that Linus is in reality running a Youtube content sweat shop. Like a Chinese factory the writers are forced to sleep on site and eat ultra processed food. While Linus forbids them to return home until the season is done. Because seeing their families might interfere with the comedy writing and testing/production of each episode. While only paying them in LTT store merch and possibly Disney bucks Linus got the last time he was in Southern California. The so called Employee lounge is in fact called the 'Crying Room' by the staff. I read all this on the internet so it must be true.
Really looking forward for the Labs to be up and running, going to be so awesome
REMove him
I'm imagining Dan looking through this video to make sure he went through checklist correctly.
You guys should do more stuff like this, build series of the new warehouse
Dan is now my spirit animal <3
That orange red rack in the urban warehouse was giving me mirrors edge vibes
dude i keep an extra cage nut tool in every laptop bag and pelican case i've ever brought into a server room. lol
8:36 - Dan is killing it... xD
LINUS HAS REDEEMED HIMSELF! HE WENT FROM DROPPING THINGS TO CATCHING THEM! And now we wait for the next drop.
Oh god dont you just love watching married couples argue?
Is it ethical to build a tiny orange prison for your boss, for when the company actually needs to get work done or just some peace?
gezz, it amazes me that people buy their stuff on their store enough to need a warehouse. Who are these impressionable people?
Instead of tradditional cage nuts, I use patchbox dev/mounts.  Only good for 1u but still good
Linus wearing sandals again? Finally he went back to the ol' Linus we knew and loved
Just a awesome video!! Love these guys banter with one another!!
We love dan
one of the funniest videos you guys have made in a while
How can a fired employee be in charge of dan?
When your boss is the most destructive and biggest shit disturber 😂
"Do you know what I would've given for a $1600 48-port 2.5Gb switch?"  $1600, presumably.
Can LTT make "good" rack studs??🙏🏻🙏🏻
Oh God is Linus slowly becoming Michael Scott???
My blood pressures up watching this....
LMFAO i was probably drunk
Sometimes I wish I was Canadian, I would be at home working at LTT! I have to settle with being a sysadmin at a gooberment.
Honestly, this channel would be much better if they just build, tear down, rebuild their server rooms. This is easily the best content.
Worst click bait title ever
As a network engineer this hurts to watch yet I cant look away. :)
Cage nut tool…. Makes like great haha.
so what exactly are they building all this infastructor for? like what is the business plan?
Big change since having servers balancing on a bathroom sink
Dan actually so next lvl funny 😂
I have no problems with cage nuts ever. Just use a small fathead.
Linus mental health is doing so much better now he has decided to just Yolo life... XD
Problem? READY THE MONEY CANNON! FIRE!!!  Also as server admin if I'd see those 3 near server room I'd come back with an axe
I love Dan's flavorful humor with really dry delivery. It's a hilarious combination without being over-the-top. It makes it very easy to take him seriously while it stays entertaining.
I feel for you, Jake. Linus needs a babysitter.
Kinda reminds me of the old moving vlogs. Loved it then, and I love this now. Would like to see more of this. Just the bois being the bois.
I know that Linus was being sarcastic when he said " this is what we in the biz call classic vlog" But those kinda of video are what made me watch LTT in first place so keep doing those vidoes
oh, so it wasn't weird that my LTT Labs interview process felt so unorganized and all over the place when they rescheduled my interview and then forgot all about it. They ARE actually unorganized!
5:16 what a familiar reaction 🤣🤣🤣
Not when you're that drunk.... replicating this whole conversation with my boss to see how it goes. Dan's hilarious.
If Rob Dyrdek was a nerd
This guy makes me nervous. I can't watch this anymore. Grow up dude.
I think the camera hates red
These are just the best videos. Fun chaos to watch
best quote of the video... this one SSSENT me !!! "if it doesn't fit, we hit it..." LMFAO ... such a good mantra to live by LOL
I need to know what Jake tastes like
I'm questioning why you all installed network switches on a server cabinet when it should have been installed on a open frame telecom rack...
The lovers were wrong..money well spent
Nice REM reference Linus
The fact that Dan has gone from new hire to Colton and Jake status in what seems like a few months really makes me excited to see any content he works on. He's like Tynan - but less likely to accidentally create an EMP in your shop...
I know basically nothing about networking and servers, and generally find them kinda boring, but watching these three banter is 10/10 content.
in classic Linus fashion, i turn around for 5 seconds and hear something fall on the floor
These types of videos are my absolute favorite!
Now face west. Think about the place where you live, Wonder why you haven't before.
dan is needed in every video have dan always...lol
The fact that you are continuing to use Ubiquiti gear, just proves what a farce you guys are. I wouldn't touch you, your team, or your business, with a solar-system length pole; and, you guys still don't know shit about working in a real, production\enterprise environment - proving it again and again.
15:09 "idk I was probably drunk" this made me legit exclaim with laughter hahahahaha I love Dan xD
"if it doesnt fit, We hit it" I like this man.
Dude should just use wifi
If they start to record now, I think in some years they can have a successful tv show called "The Office" but the canadian version.
is it just me or did anyone else see the image of VANDE BHARAT EXPRESS train at 0:27 as a transition???
So, how many M2 Pro Mac Mini are you getting for ingestation
Linus's complete disregard for risk assessments..🤣Still has all his fingers and toes at, how old is he? 🤣 Not quite 40..when you get to my age you kind of wonder how you managed to survive.
Does anyone know what they need such a server for and what the work is / what they produce? Not realy any of my business im just curious because the only work i know of is the youtube stuff but that isnt ever going to need "another 40 workers"
Dan need a raise
Make sure you have space for a mini nuclear reactor in the future.
More Dan videos please!
Linus is the Michael Scott of Linus Tech Tips.
You know its goingto be a quality video when dans in the start .
wowowow
My number one rule, if your using a hammer, your losing
(Meme Man) Nehtwurk enjuneerz
Genuinely just so happy for you guys and the continued success - this new facility is gonna be insane
When your workplace is filled with amazing and competent employees. This is what it looks like ♥️
Could've expoxied the floor with a moisture cure urethane over the weekend and would've been cured in 3 days tops, clear, colored however you like, and the best part you can just get a 18 in roller and roll it on for pretty cheap compared to what you'll pay in employee hours and product compared to a company doing it the same way
The anxiety this caused me😮‍💨
For labels I like to make barcodes so each cable has a on cable UID that can be then looked up, and you don't have to worry about flags dangling
Oh wow! Dan had me dying 🤣😂🤣😂
Has no one heard of cage nut tools?
Maybe they should just lock Linus in there and move him around for the various shows?
Omg. Watching this makes me feel so much better about the work my company does. Maybe you should try working in a different field. Absolute amateurs.
Linus in this video is like Michael Scott in the office
What's the name of the frame used to build this station? 2:07
This is the content I like hahaha. I do similar work on aircraft. And I deal with similar people at work trying to get shit done hahahaha.
It's nice, seeing all of that come together.  Shoutout to editors for sure!
This is the best trio. With their powers combined, they are unstable
Oh man....Dan.....just full of my kinda humor lmao
4:05 Linus sure is living the Office life.
i genuinely enjoy these videos from LTT
The floor, It's nature's bucket!
These are the best kind of videos
Ubiquti and Enterprise does not fit in the same sentence.
Ubiquiti is garbage hardware. The software and experience is great. But we have done quite a few and every one of them has died. Many fights to get them warrantied because if you buy from an authorized distributor ubiquiti Denys the warranty. The distribution needs to eat the cost to replace. Not to mention it’s only half warranty
Linus, you're are a master... Now can you get Canadian trains back on their tracks? 😃
"We'll do that, but less bad this time."  "Asbestos!" "Nooo-"  Perfectly cut, well done editor team haha
Um isn't there a tool for cage nuts? I've never hurt my fingers.
I cant tell if linus is the best boss ever or the worst boss ever XD
that ar feature is awesome
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it." I like the cut of this man's jib.
22:15 (Dan's final three syllables)  "ASBESTOS"       LOLOLOLOL
2:50 ... "why hammers?"  ... surprised Linus hasn't heard of "percussive maintenance"  ...  "hey Luke, can you teach Linus?"
This video made me cry.  You're going to crush the cables that are connected to the copper SFPs when you close the door.  You always have to move the vertical rails back at least 5cm on the port side of the switches.  The bend radius on copper Ethernet cables is usually about 4x cable diameter - so for your ultra thin CAT6A (typically around 4mm diameter) you shouldn't have any bends tighter than 16mm (bit over 1/2 an inch).  Smooshing the door on them like that will cause issues - possibly immediately but certainly over time.  Just realised it's the 100G to 4x 25G breakout cable  that's being pinched.  That will have a minimum bend radius too.   This equally applies to fiber.  If you bend the fiber too tight several things happen.  Light starts to leak out from the core/cladding interface instead of being internally reflected and you end up with significant signal loss.  Otherwise - love the channel.  Very entertaining :)
Where’s your firewall?
Networking guy here. Now I understand the cringe that electricians feel when they see DIY'ers doing electrical.   That switch might have 48 POE ports but watch how many watts your cameras and WAPs use. Most POE switches start causing craziness above 24 devices.  Buy cable in bulk and make cables to the perfect length? Not so messy and much cheaper. It also makes pulling the cable much easier.  Hinged patch panels or ones that can pop out the front can be a life saver when you need to change that one cable that is between two switches.  Label maker... DYMO makes some just for cable management. It also works well to have a system. This is patch panel A with 1-48. Back at the workspace you label the cover plate A-1 A-2. You know those two cables are on patch panel A on 1 and 2.
Wow vande Bharat train
Cage nut tools aren't bad but once you finally find one that works nicely... I wound up losing it every 10 seconds. Those studs look nice for little stuff like the switches and patch panels, but proper rapid rails on squarehole racks is 10/10 the perfect way to rack stuff. I just wish more companies would make square hole compatible nice rails for their stuff instead of having crappy ears.
OMG! Dan was amazing in this vid!!!
« If it doesn’t fit, we hit it »  Which is also the motto of the American police, but that’s another barrel of fish.
Been using rackstuds for quite a while now...Best Rack Accessory Ever!
Its nice to see some Rack install mayham witrh Linus, Jake and Dan Again XD
Use needle nose pliers on cage nuts to get them in easier without tearing your fingers.
Any time I watch LTT something is being built or moved but I have no idea what for
"Colton's my manager. I'm just your b****."
Ahh yes, been there and done that. Great fun!
So it wasn't haters but just fair and objectives critics ...
Hey I watched a tech video where some guy said you don't need 10G🤔😂 Come on guys cable management is next to godliness.👍 especially with fiber management😎
Larry (Linus) Moe and Curly. Nyuk, nyukk, nyuk
...Now face north. Think about direction, wonder why you haven't before.
When will we get a uncensored version of a vlog
is that an old EA Sports office or something?
I'm amazed you could actually find switches from Ubiquiti in stock.  I've had to abandon them because they cant get stuff in stock in the channel and its been most of a year.  Everyone went through a stock challenge for a while.  Months of perpetually no stock is a different thing.
It's so bizarre to see 'tech people' doing 'tech things' that couldn't be further from how a professional would do it - from the awful stupid studs to the cabinet with no cable management to the lack of adjusting rails. Potentially the worst possible purchases were made at a higher price than just doing it right and this was like a max of 8 hours for a pro to to do, or even somebody with 3-4 months experience to just correctly configure the rack and punch down new panels and set it up correctly
13:22 straight out of the office
Another episode of classic networking illiterate doing grown up things with expansive hardware to give himself credibility
Linus as n employer "Safety first".  Linus in practice.  Rack surfing WEEEEE1
I wonder if it the insults hit hard enough it gets reflected in the pay cheque.
The level of chaos gives me a headache... and an urge to apply to LTT immediately
Still weird hearing the company I work for being mentioned in a popular YouTube channel
ya lost me at "EV charging"
Linus IS wasting his money, but this is just evidence that he has the money to waste (that and many other videos which is why you don't support his water bottle begging)
There are tools for those cage nuts that make install much easier.
How much coke is Linus on??
Complexity collapse coming there.
I love how calmly chaotic Dan is
So sad... LOL
Any data center guys take note of those thin patch cables, because they are a life saver.  We use the Monoprice ones by the thousands, and with PoE.  They are roughly half the diameter of a Cat6 cable, so quick maff says one quarter the volume in the wire management.  On Amazon we average about $1/ea, so the price is definitely right as well.
Thanks for the ride, now I want off the Damn bus.🤣🤣🤣
Cisco? Am I behind the times?
Ubiquiti
Free charging. That's extremely unfair to those who have actual vehicles
Just let the boss break his own multi thousand dollar equipment. I’m sure there’s a insurance adjuster that can make that claim work.
This is like watching an 1980ies  teenage highschool comedy
Is Linus stressed about something? He's more argumentative lately in all the videos
I want to game on one of those servers lol
3 Amazingly Funny People!!!!!!! LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
DAN IS THE MAN!!!!!!!!!! LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
best moment of Linus in a while in the orange rack! i love it :)
LTT Rack Racing Cup when????
It's almost like Linus is actually pissed at the situation. Very rare to see him have that tension but makes sense it's a big ambitious operation with a bunch of nay sayers! Stay true to your people Linus
that's why I hate cable management :D
7:30 Jake says the most IT admin thing I’ve ever heard on this channel.. It’s an amazing feature… I’ve never used it 😂😂😂
I hope Linus eventually gets rid of the soccer players on the wall 2:45 and puts up some computer or tech relevant imagery.
Why not buy a rack with threaded rails?
Looks like linus needs to give gym memberships out to some of his staff....like now...
get a good cage nut tool.  it make all the difference
nice, another 22 minute video of linus malding over his employees and watching as his will to life slowly drains.
linus's adhd kicking in....🤣🤣🤣
Love the chaos! love the video, more of this please.
Cable management is an art only a few people can make it all work and look nice. If your one these people congratulations because sometime the cables can be a mess
9:55, Is that the laptop that Linus reviewed that was the og framework?
There are better alternatives than rack studs. Look up Rittal 19" Fasteners (Product Code 2090000). You just slide them over 1U worth of nut holes and screw happily away.
In order to volunteer for 10+ hours a week, you need to be able to afford it.  This is the Universal Basic Income. Let’s give volunteers a guaranteed minimum income of  $1,500ish USD/month.  So they can make our communities better.  Ugh
started watching LTT for reviews and all back years, but now im more interested in this kind of videos they make.. lol
a classic vlog is my favorite kind of ltt video tbh
Bros buy a giant rack, mount 6 devices in it.
Linus quit being everyone’s friend and be their boss
Dan:  Asbestos! Linus:  No......  This was highly entertaining and we definitely need more content like this!
You say no storage, but would it be worth having redundant storage there to serve as a redundancy for emergencies? Off site, yet very near and accessible, and wired for high speed access already.
Jake is a smart peter griffin
this is the least professional thing I have ever seen
I feel like I'm watching the nerd 3 Stooges. Very entertaining.
Can't watch this anymore, Charlie Foxtrot.
love it, every video needs dan, linus and jake
I laughed more at this video than anything you guys have done for some time... this was awesome, and you have an amazing amount of patience, Linus.
As an installer/tech for the past 6 years, ubiquity rack nuts are the worst. Cisco comes in second but the only plus is they come with different sized screws for racks with threaded U’s
Honestly trying to figure out why nerds drive electric cars when there's not really anything special about it.
4:10 lil R.E.M singalong, i love it
Poe. I thought you were calling it "pice of excrement ". I'm glad I was wrong.
take the jacks out in groups of 12, 1-12, 13-24, and dress them into the rack left and right side then reinsert into the new patch panels
"what do you guys need hammers for??" Percussive maintenance
I agree with Dan asbestos really does solve everything
How did they not say. "Pivot! Pivot!"
Rolling carts are useful
This place has enough networking and computing gear to give Los Alamos a run for their money.  I mean they made atom bombs and sent a man on moon with so much less processing power, memory and communication bandwidth that its hilarious that we now using this much tech to just make videos about tech.
i dont understand a single word of the technical stuff but i enjoyed the video
Please make move videos with everything they do in the new place.. Like in your new house... Like everything decorating... Painting... Everything :)
Shake 'o vision sux
48 port switch is bees knees until it goes down and half an office cant work
Dan is my type of guy!
Yep, might be 343lb shear strength, but not tension!!!! 11:02
when in doubt, just put it on the floor.
FYI there is a 5$ tool that makes installing/removing rack nuts super easy and I hate that nobody knows that it exists. We call them 'cage nut keys'. Basically just a piece of curved metal and a hook.
Where did Linus get the Custom colored Server rack?
these have to b my fav type of videos...just a constant. chuckle the whole video
Beautiful Caselabs case
I would give everything to install this Ubiquiti Hardware in my Rack. I am still using a Cisco switch from 2012 with Standard POE on only 8 Ports.   Crying on a high level but i am so jealous
love Dan we need more Dan.
"Coltons my manager I'm just your bitch" lmfao.
First of all, that is Orange, and your logo is orange...
So let me get this straight. Jake is the responsible adult (epic) and Linus is technically his son
this is with out a doubt one of the funiest LTT vids for a long time
Linus giving very Gordon Ramsey frustration vibes 10:10
13:51 Sorry x 4 Hooray for Canadian Stereotypes! 🤣
There is a simple tool for installing cage-nuts easily. It looks like a PCI slot blank cover with a narrower tip that is bent up slightly, With that you just hook in one side of the nut and then pull the other side through the rack with the tool. Snap... done.
How much money will you earn with this video? I'm sure you don't waste any money xD
you guys have 48+ ports to spare, while my internet service supports only one lan cable, which is used by my brother. and now, i must have a good wi-fi card so i can actually have internet. and because of that it's only 3mb/s, no, even less. 500kb/s
You do know there is a tool for assembling rack nuts?
You guys need to do this more often
AHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHAAHHAAH
I am building a 48tb home server with 2.5 Gigabyte Ethernet for about $700. Should last me about 5 years.
Is this a tutorial video for Larry, Moe, and Curly Network Installation Co., LLC?
Why do Linus employees constantly disrespect the man that's providing for their families
Looked like Linus was in a mobile wage cage
asbestos!
Jake needs a raise
I'm speechless at all the work done there.
Im lost ,what kind of business are they running? All this cant be for just yt tech type of stuff , do they offer internet or something ?
wow
When kids get money.... and really helpful people. pure cringe gold
When you just want to do your job but your boss wants to be included and fucks everything up.
These random videos about basically nothing are always the best videos.
the more i watch these videos, the more i think Linus is the human equivalent of Michael Scott
This was funny. Cause they were being lazy or at least tried to be
5:00 I like the "Staff Communication Board"
6:06 WHAT!?  THERE'S TWO LINUSES!?
sometimes it feels like linus doesnt even have authority anymore, his employees boss him around and its great.
I wonder how the comment "Watch Linus beeing rackless again" is not a top comment on this video!?
Linus it's like full Michael Scott
Can someone please help me out with the link of correct vid I’ve been away for while  What is this new building being used for?
Feels like a day in the office lol
So much chaos but so much fun at the same time lmao.
To be honest, I kinda like feeling like I'm just  hanging out with them.. lol
The chaotic energy that is Dan and Jake is wonderful
WE NEED MORE DAN!! Hes pretty funny!!
Linus kinda reminds me of Michael Scott in this video..
And our time
More Dan please.
Linus has the strength of spongebob.
48 PoE doesn't mean you can do 48 cameras. They have a Watt allowance per switch and depending the cameras you can exceed that fast, let alone you should stay 70% of the max watt allowance too give the switch longer life
Sorry guys that is horrible cable management.
Damn Linus, make those employees do that shit right.
As a network architect, this makes me cringe!
And you're gonna use contractors for that right?  probably.
*laughs in nut puller*
This vlog was straight up derαnged wtf
i don't know the lengths of any of the 2000+ cables in my building because I have never ever needed that. It only takes a few minutes to find a cable with a toner and I have 15 separate networking closets. Lol, then you put all the cables in the patch panel and then try to organize them?
Imagine having Linus as a boss.
Why the wall of athletics?
Jeez.  Ya'll so seriously need some ladder rack, snake tray, and some proper structured cable management.  And you're using a server cabinet for networks.  My OCD is killing me. 😁  Network should be in 2-post racks with lots of cable management...
EVs are not the future. ICEs will be around until fusion powers everything. If 1000 mile range becomes the norm than maybe. I'm a tech guy and EVs are an interesting appliance but not a daily driver.
working with linus looks like so much fun!
Emotional Damage!!
ill just say @0:31 that is a glorious gut. coming from one gut to the other, couldnt stop staring xoxo
...aaaand 2 days later LTT still doesn't have an internet connection...   :P
Linus gives strong Michael Scott vibes in this video lol.
I thought it was funny Dan almost seemed to just want everyone to leave so he could make it pretty and nice without them getting in the way.  I think every small employer needs a Dan... More Dans for larger employers...
To put a cage nut in just seat the bottom of the nut then use a wide flat head to push down on the top while pushing in. It's not hard you just have to be smarter than the cage nut. 😕
these server/vlog vids are by far my favourite videos to watch
I love when Dan is in videos.
Lol, favorite part so far “we’re gonna have to disconnect the internet”  “Should we tell them?” “Naw…”
I love the fact "the bees knees" is also a saying across the pond 👏
These are the best, I have fun rebuilding my server setup from time to time.
The rehearsal for this comedic gold must have taken ages. This is like The Three Stooges 2023 remake.
the unison high five from jake and dan made me laugh
In my world rack rails come with tapped holes.  Square holes are for people who are just two awesome for rack units, I guess.  For the record, I would never trust a plastic stud to hold up any thing longer than a tripp lite.  Maybe.
Thank Linus for bringing us along for the ride.
We break into the ventilation as access to the matrix -___-
"the floor is nature's bucket" ~Dan
Though I completely agree on your opinion of cage nuts, if you put one side in and then tap the other with a flathead, it'll pop into place and you never have to hurt your fingers putting each one in.
They make a tool for installing cage nuts so you don’t destroy your fingernails.
that "creepy place".  Yeah that's the morgue where they take the useless employees at Linus Tech Tips.
rotate, rotate, PIVOT, PIVOT, PIVOOOOOOOOOOOT!
What did this title even have to do with anything?? I would have watched this video either way but I was confused the entire time because of it.
I kinda luv videos like these
Cage nuts….there is actually a small tool you can buy that helps you put them in and out. We have a few at the DC I work at
Did Jake eat Dennis?
i would def reccomend a mini split for your hvac situation...less work than knocking windows out lol
This is honestly my favorite type of content from this channel. Just watching you guys work on something you would've been doing whether filming or not.
Wow
fyi those rack studs turn brittle over time. i've switched back to cage nuts. there's a tool to save your fingers with the cage nuts. also chatsworth sells tool less cage nuts.
Y'all should grab a Brady M210 or similar label maker! They make perfect labels to both wrap around cat6 cable, and also print awesome patch panel ID labels too (can print 1 long label that includes everything instead of a bunch of different label).
thought you were supposed to off-site your video security recordings.......... Reminds me of store security footage being taken during the robbery :D
What would you even call Dan’s job? I too love stuff future Dan’s gonna have to do and I need to know what type of career that is lol
If it doesn’t fit we hit it
More episodes of Jake and Dan would be awesome to watch, also watching Linus casually interacting with them is fun as hell. 😆
I'm a (junior) network engineer and cage nuts are the bain of my existence
Jake, Dan, and Linus are such a chaotic trio! IN all the best ways
I LOOOOVE THAT RED server rack
Didn't know about Rack studs! Just bought a pack!
i'm happy  icould get along to the ride, makes me happy.
What brand rack is that?
disfunctional family vibes 🤣
Anyone else catch that there's nothing on the staff communication board?
Not a fan of running the patch pannels alternating witht he switches. If you end up having to move something or replace a power supply in a switch or something it turns into a lot of work. Prefer to  do all the switches contiguous then patch panels contiguous or better, patch panels in another rack
Oh god nerds employing nerds
It's a razorblade/boxcutter, not a knife.
Need More Linus-Jake-Dan Projects!!! :)
Man this really feels like one of the me and the boys memes
These are the funnest videos to watch
This video made me smile on an otherwise pretty awful day. Thanks. (Thanks for all the 'real' stuff you do, too. Like investing in Framework. An AMD option would be nice, though.)
Maybe this is a learning experience where you might want to reconsider calling people haters just because they pointed out something you disagreed with at first, but then realized they were right.
The last one second, hahaha.
Linus not helping, only getting in the way.
Linus: "You guys are infuriating..."  Dan: "ᵇᵘᵗ ʷᵉ ᵍᵉᵗ ᶦᵗ ᵈᵒⁿᵉ"
My first thought when you show the Network Video Recorder was "wow, it holds 7x VHS tapes"
Chaotic Linus is Best Linus
The months of planning that went into this space clearly weren't wasted ;)
I like Dan
I absolutely love these videos, it’s just so much chaos, but it somehow works out amazingly
what a good time to just enjoying being with everyone here, the energy in this video is that perfect amount of chaos but getting stuff done, more dan and jake please~
Why spend that much on a custom rack but not get pretapped holes? Seriously what is the deal with using cage nuts or anything like them.
I wonder how old this video is? Like when did this get recorded
the chemistry of these 3 is incredible, flowing content!
There is a tool for inserting and removing rack nuts. You can use that instead of removing your skin and fingernails. More times than not, I would opt for fingers because it was easier than looking for the tool.
0:27 LOL I didn't expect to see an Indian Train in a video from LTT
First I thought that Linus was the child, then Dan started spitting drunk jokes and it felt the opposite scenario. Fantastic video
You have to admit, Linus has leadership skills, or his employees are out of this world. Building a successful company while being the biggest distraction for his employees at the same time, not bad at all.
That pan from Linus's cable mating dance to Jake sitting on his phone felt like a shot from The Office*  *Actually this whole thing kind of is, but better
These 3 together are a damn riot
L: "There's like 6 other people working here every day" D: " - not when you get that drunk"
Jake looking swole af
Brilliant video
Why did I watch this even    Mostly because the editors are great at their jobs I guess
LTT: "We have an open video slot." Linus: "We'll just film me, Jake, and Dan building a rack and fix it in post."
There are some on the floor - That's where we keep everything Perfection
For pure networking racks I usually move back the front posts so that the door don’t crush the cables. This is especially relevant when a lot of fiber is used. The switches never need the full depth anyways.
Linus actually is Michael Scott
<Rant about cagenuts> *All switches sagging badly*
08:25 hearing "beep-beep-beep-beep" getting cold sweats of panic thinking my ups has kicked in... lol
i think linus should step back from alot of these videos. let the other talent shine a bit. WE WANT ANTHONY!
Would love to see you test patchbox patch cables!
You need to mirror your storage there.  Redundancy.
Well nice to see that every workplace falls apart sometimes.
More episodes of 'Jake blames Dan, Dan blames Jake' please! Thoroughly entertaining!
Linus's ego won't allow him to accept and understand how immature he actually is. Listen to the people around you man. Quit being obtuse.
I am surprised by how Dan can keep holding the Dell Rugged Extreme on one hand constantly..... I have the tablet version and I always got back to use both hands... wow Dan has got really strong arms!
3:58 “if you scratch it you owe me a 100 bucks”  As if anything in this video came out of that dudes bank account.
"Classic vlog" is the most fun type of video on this channel
They make a tool to install cage nuts so you dont ruin your fingers. Just another example that shows you guys have no idea what your doing.
Is there a reason they did not use a wider rack? They are using a standard server rack (24" wide) Its really useful to have a few inches to the left and right of the vertical nema rails. Normally we would be racking up networking gear in 30" wide cabinets. Also, I mentioned below but they should have moved back the front rails to get plenty of space where the patching is going to be and allow them to close the front door. They appear to have brought the cabling in through the far side of the cabinet rather than the roof of the cabinet. A big bundle of cabling like that should have been routed inside the room using an overhead cable tray. 10Gb copper networking (not DAC like they used from their TOR switch) uses quite  lot of power, between 2 and 5 watts per port. Optical would be lower power and would have given the option of 25Gb just by changing the sfp later.
Love thees videos!
Dan is freaking hilarious!
The moment when Linus gave up and said: "Terrible!" I hit like. xD
Come out of curiosity, stay for the constant Linus roasting. How does anything get done when Linus is around like a curious Cat that's just constantly in the way and playing with EVERYTHING.
Cool !
when you have a youtube channel but want to make it look like you have a tv station lol
2:54 imagine if he said "if it doesn't fit it gets hit"
there is a tool to insert the cagenuts... Just sayn' :D
There is a metal thing called "cage nut inserter tool" which helps to insert the cage nut to the rack with one move, and also your finger in safety ;) The thing what I'm talking about looks like an PCI slot cover, but with bent ends (and it costs only a few bucks)
I thought PDQ was a chicken joint
"You've enabled him!" Lol
Rack studs! Great Kiwi invention!
Loved the footballers posters on the wall 02:44 😍
this was a great video i was tearing up with laughter
2:54 that sounds oddly familiar
https://youtu.be/yzkroSgzGBw  YOU ARE THE CPT. OF THE SHIP!!!.
I'm working in networking as a suport and I love watching these videos. As for Dan and Jake , you Linus are a lucky man having them by your side as co-workers and friends :)) Jake proved that is a super geeky-nerdy-geniusy-cool guy and I admiring him  ! Dan, he's  kinda of innocent man, but he is an workaholic and a hard working man, did he take breaks or sleeps ? :))
3:33, oi, linus, you're supposed to lead by example and you're using your back to lift that? you're supposed to use your KNEES!
asbesto - NOO
The people sucked in by the LTT hype are the ones wasting their money.
Fairly certain Future Dan has job security for decades.
Haters aint haters when they right dude, they visionaries!
"Ok, rotate," "Ok" "Rotate"  "If it fits I sits" "Rotate"   HOW DID NO ONE say pivot... Pivot... PIVOT!!!
It's a good idea to use at least a 70 cm wide rack for network racks like this. Some will even argue for an 80 cm wide rack. The sides can accomodate more cables and it's easier to add new cables once the rack is populated. Avoid putting the rack against the wall, as access to the sides will help maintain cables for it later.  Usually the back 19" bracket will be recessed further into the rack so that switches can be placed in the back and have plenty of room for cables and SFP's to stick out. Think about PDU placement so power plugs do not hinder the removal of equipment once the rack is populated, if you use the back side. Mounting switches on the front, you would usually move the brackets back a bit to allow for the same effect. Put storage in another rack besides the network rack - it will make everything much easier and be less of a pain to expand. Clever things those rack studs. Also look into a labelwriter that prints on self lamenating labels. The text field will be protected by the clear end of the label, and never fall off or smudge. Edit: There is an installation tool for cage nuts.
the safety rep must hate you.
I wonder Linus are you going to use AI for all the tech in the building because I have seen hacksmith do it and a smart man/team like you could get that up and running so all you have to do is speak and you could close the entire site. Just a question :)
you should paint all cables green take a photograph of the server room without any cables first. then install all the green painted cables. you can now cablemanage with cromakey.
damn jakey boy thicc with the techtips
"If it doesn't fit, we just hit it."
Does dan need an assistant ? i would work with him in a heartbeat
Dumb & Dumber part III.
Dan was such a good addition to the team. "Asbestos!"
Linus is such a neat freak... that would drive me mad. 🤣
I feel like Linus slowly is turning into Michael Scott
Linus you need a handy man  on payroll 1 with many skills like me LOL
oh you poor poor souls. I routinely need to install, relocate, and remove cage nuts at my job and learning that you are fighting them with your fingers and fingernails, it is no wonder that you despise them.  there are actually tools for installing and removing cage nuts that makes it so very easy to install them especially if you are installing them in the correct orientation.  if you looked up some of the industry standard gear for industrial applications you would absolutely loose your mind on how much some of it ends up costing.
This shit is painful yet funny 😂
we have latter Jake and now later Dan Awesome Linus
loved the video Guys I have watched three times today. such funny  moments
"How are we going to edit this together?" ...in a way that makes it sound like I'm not alone at work, but instead I'm there at work having fun.
As a network installer, this was giving me anxiety watching them deal with the cabling.
it kinda felt like the first half of this video was Linus forgetting to take his adhd meds and the second half of the video was him on them
9:42 lmaooo
This is what happens when IT guys do cabling. Its never pretty.
These videos just makes me cringe. Cage nuts are perfectly fine as long as you use a cage nut tool. Why use RJ45 SFP+ 10GBase-T modules to connect the switches together when Twinax cables are much cheaper, don't stick out as far and generate less heat? At least you guys qualified the cables, that's a very good thing if you did it right.
Dan needs a raise
"Asbestos" 🤣🤣
Try wim hoff and nose breathing only for stress reduction. It was very helpful for me. BP is down 20 points LCHF omad and nose breathing
cable tray would be nice
To prevent diabetus and cancer. Please do some fasting. LCHF OMAD Dr feng. Please yall. I was 50 lbs over weight, lost it in 4 months. No seed oils ever. Eat beef and butter. Lots of it, during weight loss time. Then go back to yolo with out those oils or processed foods. you will stay lean and non diabetic. Jake i'm looking at you. Please
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
what do server geeks and degenerates have in common                          they like big racks
This channel is a huge eWaste.
DW Jake. My boss is the reason I self medicate to.
This is just crazy needing all that just to make a youtube video hehe.
normies will never understand .
Wow... I had nothing but troubles with unifi pro switches. Old HP printers not working... Unifi controller crashing when more then 20 switches on one site... Unifi controller bombing with 100+ aps on 1 site. Toshiba voip phones crashing when "in wall" AP vlan enabled. Also, issues with Broadcom wifi cards.. to the extent, I had to install residential APs in some locations. DOA aps...
Cable piles are a mess, but that pile of ethernet is small change compared to similar-count piles of Socapex and other power cables.
Jake needs a bra or some pasties at least!
Jake: "And now you know why I'm on medication."
cage nuts are not hard to install, you're supposed to use needle-nose pliers in my experience tho
2:56 I BET AN URN CAN FIT YOUR WHITE ASHES WHEN YOUR HEART PROBLEM KICKSH*T AND HIT YOUR WHITEASS
5:56 F*CKYOU OLD BALDY, BEFORE YOUR SEIZURE HIT I WANT YOU TO KNOW THERE'S NO OTHERSIDE AND GOD WHITE MEAT.
that might be the most realistic video you guys have ever done lol
I would totally hire them.  It may take longer.   Things may get damaged.   Things may get lost.   But the entertainment value would be priceless.
Dan is so awesome, I love him, same with Pluefe, I want more of them
nice wreck you got there;)
With a proper pair of needle nose pliers, cage nuts are a breeze to install
Banter, drinking, and Linus dropping expensive things.  Oh, and "Just throw it on the floor."  Nomination for "Funniest LTT vid."
Dan is awesome. Jake is hilarious. Linus is good at holding the light for dad...
"this is what we call in the biz a classic vlog" "this is stuff we were going to do anyway" - but now Linus we can critique your network setup and cable runs. And I can honestly say they are all crap. But Dan is Gold (btw, Dan did not tell me to say that). (Dan, btw, just send the money to the venmo account)
Wonder how many people caught the REM reference. Nice one Linus.
what type of low voltage installers are you guy paying?, i would never leave a data room looking like that. there should be a ladder rack going across the room from wall to wall and all cable drops should be coming out of a single point out of the ceiling.
Looks like the "Haters" loved your money more than you did. Not sure id call them haters.
I can't believe the equipment is not anchored on the back. Lever arm is a thing!
if it doesn't fit we hit it.... I wonder if they tried spitting on it first🤔🤔
This video was amazing! I was crying laughing and then I just threw it on the floor 🤣
Linus and Jake is the new generation Dumb and Dumber. So who's who?
So, for a networking there is a patch cabinet, what you just did is filled the server cabinet with networking. Now it should work, but a patch cabinet is usually wider and has the rack posts more to the back so you got room for the patch cables. Nevertheless fun to see you guys having a  struggle with the infrastructure.
What is the point of this video?
Dan the Man with the HVAC Plan. What a badass.
We need more of "If it doesn't fit, we hit it" Gary
Every time I see jake he seems bigger, not trying to be rude but physical health should be important to anyone who works in the IT space as it is easy to not think about your physical wellbeing
I'm really glad to hear you guys complain about the cage nuts because I was installing a rack in a server without any instructions on how to do it and I felt like an idiot the whole time because I was sure I was doing something wrong. Those things are frustrating as hell.
I live for any video that Dan is in. This man has brought so much knowledge and entertainment to the channel! We need more Dan!
I love how unintentionally savage "You're the joke" was 😄
Why don't you have plastic mallets instead of hammers?
16:20 lol @ the nature's bucket commentary.  For once Linus was the one trying to do things correctly, and then ignored.
dan is a man with a plan who just gets shit done, i like dan
I love how there is 10 *edited* minutes of "basically just chaos". Can only imagine...
can you please do "i Bought The cheapest BTC Mining Machine" ? i Mean from Amazon or wish
i like dan
Just curious, how are you guys going about providing surge protection, line conditioning and EMI/RFI noise filtration? Are you relying on the EATON UPS for that (no actual mention of any of that on the EATON 9PXM web site at all) or are you using another vendor for that?
This video is the closest vibes we have gotten to when they moved into the original office, soo good lol
Dan is an absolute treasure. More Dan please.
Love those super-thin CAT 6 cables!  I was so afraid of using them at first, but for how short the runs are, they work amazingly well!
I fucking love Dan 😂
We need more Drunk Dan! :)
"ASBESTOS!" - says Dan, with a smile in his face.
Anyone struggling with cage nuts has never used these.... changed my life lol and for Christ sake Linus, do the bottom two rack nuts first and the device will hold itself while you do the top two nuts. https://www.canford.co.uk/Images/ItemImages/large/55-681_02.jpg
Inb4 the rackstuds pull out because they aren't in shear, they're in tension. Rack nuts and screws are the only way I'd support a front ear only switch.
🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭nuts so many nuts🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭
Dan is arguably one of the funniest people at LMG, he has such a dry sense of humour.
Videos like this are awesome, more vlog style and more Jake and Dan with no real purpose please
Dan is the ethos of every tech person struggling under the weight of someone who thinks they know better; welcome to corporate IT.
Ahhhh, I’m work shy too.
Missed these types of videos. Look forward to more and seeing how far the lab comes along
Dan made lol out loud
Every LTT employee: Can someone fire my boss so I can get work done?
Dan will do that later... sounds like someones gonna get some overtime doing night cable management for a week to push all those cables through the top of the cabinet.
Asbestos 😂 And we need the video with "future Dan's work"
The chemistry between you three is amazing. So fun to watch.
Holy crap the chaos between the three of them is actually insane
I have a feeling the employees are working hard and a bored Linus shows up and slows them down. It's like This Old House, the constructors are working hard and have to stop and explain to Bob Vila what and how they are doing.
linus just mad jake and dan are so much funnier than him.
as long as you've got space to navigate around your mess you'll be fine. you'll always be able to clean it up easily in a pinch.
How does the content of this video relate to the title?
Having another location to have storage makes sense. Even if it's just a backup location
I feel like, year after year, Linus becomes more like Michael Scott.
Jake has gotten SOO much bigger and he was already HUUUUUGE. U need to get that man on check dude finna b gone in a few years if not.
Oh god, the cable management is giving me a panic attack. It's about the same at my work and I'm trying to find time to fix it! I hope it will be fixed there as well please!
Every single bit in the first 10 minutes of this video was so incredibly unfunny. I would say the whole video but I couldn’t handle any more than that
I respect you. You are one of the best tech channel in the world. But, you have NO idea how to mount a rack or properly manage network cabling. Sometimes we need professional hands if we want a professional result. Regards from Spain.
Flap their internet cable to catch their attention ... bang bang bang fbi! You can’t do that outside!! Indecent exposure charge😂😂😂
Goddamn Jake got fat af
Maybe you are just a "hater" because you don't like to hear the truth and just want people to be on your side?? Just being honest but I guess I'm just another hater
How many security cameras do you guys have and how much storage ?
I would include the backup of the other office and visa versa. This way you have your off-site backup on top of your RAID.
"It's natures bucket!". Dan is so wonderful
linus sounds like micheal  from the office
I love these kinds of a videos! Would love to see all the cables being run too!
Im ur new sudscriber
in installations like these - your own facility, where you don't pay xxx eur/cm2 per month, you *really* want 80cm wide cabinets. trust me, once you learn about the extra cabling possibilities.. you will never go back.
Dan's very dry humor and comedic timing are amazing. All three of them bounce off each other so we'll.
Love this video, jake and linus as normal with the added Dan, loving the humor you guys got!
0:26 was that Vande Bharat Express?
That server room urgently needs cable management
Getting things done with this energy is such a great way to spend a day in your life.
So basically you need a big datacenter to store all videos about building a datacenter
Don’t think I didn’t notice you singing vintage 80’s R.E.M. whilst being wheeled around in that rack.
5:19 Nehh? XD
Where is the Change Management Process??? 😫😫😫
This video is so great, I love it
Moe, Larry and Curly come to mind.
just my three favourit hosts from LTT...
Thumbs up to your network guy for using short patch cables. I have a colleague that feels its necessary to route a 1m cable between patch panel and switch for a 15cm distance 😢
Wow, why the hack you have used two expensive 10GE copper transievers instead of cheap passive coaxial SFP+ cable?
MedMen Marijuana stock is Moving Up! Set your Family up For Life! Buy MMNFF stock today...
I have no idea what any of that stuff does but it fascinates me and I hope one day I can find a job in something like this
More of these, honestly :D
LMAO @9:35
Linus Tech Tip #???: Dont bother with cable management. Someone named "future Dan" will do it later...maybe.
As a cabling Tech watching Networking/IT guys do cable management makes me break out in hives
your not wasting any money ......lmao.... your feeding someone!.... lol
On the next episode of Orange County Choppers..... LOL
That is the difference between knowledge and experience, it can't be bought it must be gained.
That ending was the best part of the video
This was fun to watch :)
who makes the rack?
If you're destroying your fingernails with a caged nut, you need to get a flathead screwdriver involved IMO.
the hammer is for  the hard reset
more of these please
hey Linus you uses Indan Train named as Vande Bharat  in your video @0:27. 😇
Love the chemistry with these three! 🤣They are ridiculous!
Asbestos!
if it doesn’t fit, we hit it - words to live by 😂
Pause at 11:58 for a giggle
"The floor is nature's bucket" lmaoo
The cage nuts do have a tool to actually get them in saving your fingers and nails. Weirdly not seeing it in use on this video.
I'm realizing now Jake really loves throwing things
i cannot describe how much I want to work for LMG... currently chasing a Software Engineering degree in the States :((
Ah, this makes me almost miss working as a field tech.      Almost.
I admire the ability of Linus to monetize things that cost money
This is my favorite vlog in a long while. The energy between Linus, Jake, and Dan is perfect... well perfect chaos. And it's beautiful. I couldn't stop laughing
LETS JUST FOLLOW DAN FOR A DAY
MORE VLOGS
this video from summer!?
Did I miss something? Does the rack not have any arms for the cables?
It's great fun watching the three of 'ya messing with stuff in these kinda videos!
you NEED truck nuts for your servers
This is my FAVORITE type of video you guys make. Messing around with server stuff arguing like kids in shop class
you know theirs a free tool that comes with every apc rack to insert cage nuts and remove them
3:50 Linus has the most Michael Scott energy I’ve seen
The video in my queue directly after this was Tom Scott going into a radio telescope with an asbestos warning.  You guys and your segues!
Love how the install slowly devolved into chaos.
Linus Vlog Channel?
All the stuff ill never have lol lol I can only look at other youtube channel and dream shaw which is now roggers hates ubiquity
first time disliking one video of you guys, no plastic in a rack plz :O I don't thrust plastics for such expensive metal switches/routers :) and that cablemanagement määääh xD
Love it!  Not a wast of money if it serves a purpose and does what it is supposed to.   Excellent choice in hardware, and is similar to what we use also.
Fake drama start because you show that things are actually organised and on track. Fake. Why? How can you expect credibility when you fake stuff? I watch the Tech News which is great, I don't watch many of your other videos because there's exaggeration and dumb stuff like Linus getting inside the cage and wheeling around. However I also don't have a very successful YouTube business. So I must be wrong.
“Why are there no studs in this?”  Hey, I can see 3 standing right there!
Who's watching since 2010 ? Team Linus, Assemble 💖
Watching Jake go from the new kid at LTT to literally Linus' dad has been a fulfilling journey.
I would pay money to see another “help desk technician” live stream with Linus and some others doing the actual challenge. And then having Jake be the ref, and have Dan, Riley, and James doing the live commentary
1.6 Million views in 23 hours, Holy shit.
It's on the floor, so easy to find! (mom's everywhere are coming for LTT)
I have the 48 port POE enterprise switch at home. It's a bit excessive, it's expensive, but the fact it's all POE , has 2.5Gb on every port and the 4 10G SFP+ means I don't need to hold my breath or likely not care about a 48 port POE 10Gb switch in the next 5 years. I still expect those to be expensive and most user devices still will not carry a 10GB Ethernet port on board due to it not being necessary for most end users devices. I just hope the Power supply in the 48 POE enterprise holds out.
Has there been any updates on the new other premises? have I missed loads of videos about that?
Cage nuts suck?! Life hack: Use cage nut tools!
No mention of cagenut tools. Arguably the best tool ever.
"Not when you're that drunk"
This ist hilarious. Best type of content !
So nice of Yvonne to let all these kids hang out at her business while she works.  ;)
I love classic vlogs. They’re some of my favorite content from you guys
cope liberals. Panama Papers
Im a professional editor living in Los Angeles. Can I move to Vancouver and work here please... please.....
I remember watching LTT since I was around 12 years old, which is since about 2010. Seeing to what this chanel has grown into is absolutely wild, and I'm here for every minute of it. These past few months feel like a very momentous moment in history for both LTT and also the YouTube tech space. Having a look at the type and amount of work Linus and his team have put in, I could very well imagine LTT being THE biggest player in the electronics review space, hopefully displacing the oversaturated sphere of online-media, that only post half-informative reviews, with very little actual testing and info about real world perfomance. Wanna see how a headphone compares to others? Go to LTT! Wanna know what is the best bang for your buck GPU in 2034? Go to LTT! I can absolutely envision a future, where almost all reputable brands will post stuff like "LTT certified" or "4/5 stars given by LTT" and that carrying some major weight. I really hope this genuine and honest approach to tech will have a positive impact on the tech space all together and I fell, we as the consumers, are better off that way!
Dan's a better man than me. I was once forced on the responsibility of cable managing such a giant rack. As was the dude before me and probably the one before him as well. Cables all over the place. I looked at the situation, thought about untangling it all, looked at my paycheck and went fuck it let the next guy sort it out. But I guess Dan's actually paid for the job he does, liking it seems like a bonus.
Linus surplus to requirements lol
editor! you had one job here! (These nuts?)
I work in the data/telecoms industry and this reminds me so much of things I see all the time. Really smart and knowledgeable network engineers who come in to set up there own racks and equipment... it's always a funny watch
Michael Scott in the warehouse.
Thanks for the cat6a tip. That’s your best product sponsorship yet 😊
"I'm just jake's bitch"
Linus is giving off a lot Michal Scott energy with the cage
so fun man
One 3rd in im like, Linus, you only in the why. Haha
Omg 😂😂 words to leave by "if it doesn't fit, we hit it !!" .
Great combination
Cage nuts have tools to put them in and take them out
I like this kind of work.. where do i apply? even though.. i live a little far away 😅🤔
How does all this work? I would be interested in a video about this
am i the only one to love watching linus trying to lift something, anything, and always watch him struggle?
I wonder who built their rack. I build server racks at my job, and looks like one of our products
The important thing is having fun doing it.
I shall call them chaos trio.
Electric bill must be ungodly.
Actually, it always looks like this when you rewire the rack )))) love watching it... instead of doing
19:39   almost ran to check my power
"We're gonna have to disconnect the internet" "Should I let them know?" "Nah"  Normal conversation between IT personell
ASBESTOS! Dan is such an add to the company, that had me dying
Really hope LMG is financially stable for the long term. Behind the scenes videos make the place look like it's run like pre-Musk Twitter - surviving on constant expansion and writing off excessive unneeded spending. Huge warehouses with nothing much happening in them except hoarding endless amounts of hardware that would've been better off being sold off or never bought in the first place. Most of LMG could be run from a single normal office floor - a garage/small warehouse for the practical builds and storage. Obviously the sets need space but no where near the kinda square footage and endless industrial rooms LMG inhabits. Most of the hardware they get is free or in return for promos and reviews but the legit financial waste appears to be huge. Countless startups and newer tech businesses rent out entire compounds they don't need - as a fan I hope LMG actually withstands the test of time the second the growth stops.
I hope that rack fries so we get another episodes of 3 dudes playing with big heavy racks
On today's episode of, "Linus shows us something he purchased months ago"
Dan is awesome!
The fact that not one person on the entire team at LTT doesn't know that a cage nut (rack nut) tool exists and is standard equipment in most datacenters is sad...  Guys, viewers for the love of God, if you find something really frustrating, rather than fussing with it and trying to find a new product that you can only afford if you are the CEO of LMG and look like an imbecile to your boss... Check if a tool exists....   They even used to ship rack nut tools with racks but after a point they kinda just assumed everyone had one and after a time they did... Then new blood... Dumb blood but still new.
I love this type of videos... <3
"if it doesn't fit we hit it..." 💀 2:55
🙂
And the final words..... Asbestos, Noo
I warch Linus for quite a while now and am still wondering what his actual job is. What does his company do? I mean they are just managing and working themselves.
I always love these. The behind the scenes videos are so damn enjoyable.
cHaOs! ChAoS! cHaOs! ChAoS! cHaOs! ChAoS! cHaOs! ChAoS!
I wanted more of these videos. Linus just change your office servers, wirings and love watching you guys in chaos😂
Linus "Michael Scott" Sebastian
This video stressed me out soo much i guess thats why i do this stuff by myself. “Just leave me alone and it will be up working when i organize everything myself “……..😂😂
"I can't read my writing, I might have been drunk" - this blew me over. lolz
with all the grab ass going on in this video; you better hope the C.C.C.S.H. doesn't see it.
"cage nuts suck"  just get a rack that doesn't need cage nuts
Dan, your beard is beautiful! You talented son of a b*
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself on the cross and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends  When Jesus Christ returns, he will take his children home, and hundreds of millions of people will disappear in a brief moment! When you see this event take place, please remember these words, and understand that the Rapture has just taken place! Please remember that the Christians tried to warn you of this coming day, and that God is real, and his name is Jesus Christ!  Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.  "And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be." Revelation 22:12  May God Bless you all in Jesus name!  The END of life as we know it is upon us my Friends!  Wake up! REPENT!
3:10 savage jake :'D
You know, with all the animal cruelty in the world? I don not think you should be promoting nappa leather... which is made from juvenile animals.  I'm not a vegan, I do eat some meat, but promoting a product that effectively fuels bio industry? Ufffff.
i am so glad i took the google career certificate courses, otherwise every single thing they said wouldve been a foreign language to me 😂
linus, company owner, having adhd all the way through and pissing his employees off xD love it
The best part of this video is when they demonstrated a use for AR that wasn't a silly gimmick!
That AR needs more hype, it's real world usage for the XR technologies outside of entertainment or military.  Eventually stuff like this will be built into glasses or flip over 'scouter' HUDs.  But the more hype speeds along the development.
Just imagine how much yelling happened behind the scenes.
oh man - as a seasoned Network Engineer, that was painful for me to watch! entertaining, but painful! The planning was chaos. Love the idea of going hog wild on the 100gb, and 25gb to the switches. Even using Ubiquiti, makes sense for the size of your operation. But having a better rack would have made that look MUCH cleaner, the one you guys bought is too narrow. Should have bought the the 80cm wide ones, it gives you extra cable management on the sides of the racks, and also gives more room for the PDU's on the back. That way the power cables don't clutter the fans on the back of the switches, UPS, and other server gear.
What an astonishing lack of planning looks like
Linus: "This is me, when I'm functioning well."   "Could have fooled me.." - Dan, the most subtle roaster north of the border.
When the annoying dude finally wants to help but doesn't
Best one in forever!!
"It's nature's bucket"   Jake and Dan are killing me
Dan is slowly become my favorite LTT personality
'If it doesn't fit...we hit it!' is the new 'if I fits I sits'.
What vande bharat express doing here @0:26 it's Indian train bro
Cagenut.. you guyes knows there is a smal metal tool to mount them?
Dan is a vibe and has the same work style as me, chaos till it's not
this is my favourite content. i love this.  and Dan love Dan
Linus? Take a break bro.. you look fucking tired. Make some content we all can laugh about or something and go on vacation buddy. You and your channel wont be forgotten in two weeks :)
Hes like a scragaly 1st Lt in needing of a smookin from a MST Sergent with 6 deployments and a "This Will Defend Patch"
I love that this video appeared on the YouTube trending page.
I don't think I've ever actively though that it'd be bad to work for linus... until this video XD
have to love how i understand very little yet i have so much fun
Insurance company watching the CEO race around inside of a rack "well I guess their rates are increasing this year."
2:55 "If it doesn't fit, we hit it" I like it that way too, Gary.
So if all the haters were right, then they are not haters?
jeesh you're kinda high maintenance aren't you?
When you're literally making people jealous of your workspace environment by the sheer tomfoolery happening on-screen... ...you know that video's good.
The Snark. I love it!
I work for a WISP and we have networks in a couple states, however one of the main ones is a residential one in Texas.  We have many of the Ubiquiti switches out there and when I started there were tons of complaints about how the field guys do not really know what is plugged into what.    I quickly asked to organize a meeting with the other engineers/field team and showed them the AR app for their phone; they were literally blown away and they can go out there and troubleshoot much quicker and without a call into engineering late at night.  Good feature for sure
Who steps away from a laptop when Linus is there that an easy 50/50 on whether it breaks or not
16:18 this is probably one of the best llt videos yet just triggering linus ever 2 seconds
Dan is a highly functional...Whatever he is.
Grown up kids😂😂
I've heard powered by PewDiePie
"Colton is my manager, im just your B$%^^$"
Linus must be sick or something. he didnt react to like 3-4 segways from Jake or Dan for the ltt screwdriver :D
Yes cage nuts are awful. That's why a cage nut tool exists though. Even the cheap flat crowbar-like one is great
Dan is my fave LTT employee 😂
more vlogs plz
Wow your team is a real YouTube
These three in a small confined room is dangerous. But hilarious. Dan is a gem.
What a Fustercluck! LOL
Regarding the cage nuts, I'm not sure I would want to trust those pieces of nylon on 10's of thousands of pounds/dollars of equipment. Just use a cage nut tool, sure, it's a pain if your rack is largely full, and you having to add a new server which has unusual nut locations, but that really is rarely the case.
7:15 this is pretty cool, especially for any larger networks.
An incredible amount of unusable space
Fun video, but you should really move the front side mounts in the rack further inn, so the patch cables and expecily the fiber cables do not get so bent
14:42 Floor Gan* (outdated refrence I know)
Cage nut tool. It’ll save your fingers. Been using one for years now with network deployments.
Omggg I love this group of guys together. More Dan and Jake adventures!
That high five after Linus being a rebel was perfect.
that ending was just perfectly cut screams, well done.
its really hard to steer?  yeah racks are not known for their handling
Honesty, his whole Network setup cost more than my home
So this is going to be a long series
You guys need to hire a lineman.
Awesome video!   I will do my part by watching more videos so you can have that rack paid for soon.  🙂
"ItS nAtUrE's BuCkEt!"
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time
holy shit Dan is funny
Even the person who did the chapters for the video on YouTube just gave up 😂 most of it is just “Basically just chaos”
Linus: WTH do you guys need hammers for? Gary: Darwinism  2:51
Dan giving Linus instructions while holding a cable with his teeth was the best thing I’ve seen today 13:40
These are the best kinds of videos you put out.
Linus im sorry. For the past 3 years i thought you were the “Dude your getting a Dell” guy. 😔 egg on my face
25 years ago, while trying to rack a NAS, I had to move a cage nut, and as I removed, it sprung, getting under my left thumb. My thumbnail is still kinda broken in that spot… all cage nuts suck.
All the ADHD energy!!! We need more Dan!
Hire a couple guys with more muscle mass.  There are smart folks with actual strength.  Just a suggestion. 🤣
The floor is nature's shelf. Just put everything there and you'll always know approximately where everything is!
Jake just a big nagging biach
Some time wonder who is the boss
your cable management hurts my soul. I'm in toronto, if you want to hire me to fix it all you need to do is fly me out and give me a backpack/screwdrive/pay for cables/velcro
im a security system technician  that works for an internet porvider. ive installed racks with our av department this hurts my eyes and want to fix it.
You 3 together are like the uncles who found a project to do out side while its dark and you've been drinking.. its very entertaining.
Linus is like my cat.  It has to get into everything I'm working on.
One concern with the Rackstuds: not sure you’ll be able to properly ground your equipment in your rack without a connection between your rack and your equipment. That is, unless you individually ground each piece of equipment to the rack on the back. Any plan of action here?
Linus Sex Tips
if it dont fit we hit it
Okay guys here's the plan, there is no plan we just wing it as we go.
never complain about having a fun boss 😂
Linus: We're going to get everything back on track!  Also Linus: If it fits, I sits.
It's nature's bucket 🤣🤣🤣
It's nature's bucket - Dan 2023.1.24
“Do you know what I would have given for a $1600 48 port 2.5gig switch when we started this enterprise?” I’m gonna go out on a limb and say….. $1600 😂
Get my bro some bigger shirts he's literally choking
CPU stress test Intel I9: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzntUW34bv8
Linus is giving me Michael Scott Vibes in this video.
I never got the point of patch racks, like they seem to give you the option to create or remove some connections, but in the end you just want everything connected right?
Dan got fat, real fast too
Everyone thinks Enterprise IT is easy until they try it at small scale.
Linus is the embodiment of Michael Scott with +200 nerd points
First I am glad you guys follow the golden rule; if it doesn't fit, hit it. Second, building a rack where the equipment is in use; this is on par of any other company doing the work. Classic, always fun with the right people.
Cage nuts are terrible (and yes the Ubiquity ones are terrible).  I'll check those new ones out, saving my fingertips / nails will be worth it lol.  Great video.
Jake is not getting paid enough
As an X networks guy, this video was oddly comforting 😂
Poor jake, needing medication due to Linus 🤣
I love how the video ends right as Linus starts to object to Dan's "Asbestos!" comment...
Feels like Dan is getting bullied
Rotate Rotate Rotate  PIVOT PIVOT PIVOT!
Started watching this and was think wow i do miss working for smaller companies and doing everything.. then I seen the cable mess and remembered I dont miss that lol :)
Would you guys ever be interested in doing a tech series like crash course?
So... an ex military Halon gas system just to be sure? No alarms though, it would cut down on the fun. 🤣
“Cage nuts suck, even good cage nuts suck” as a contractor, i felt that in my soul
10:04 - Why Lead-acid instead of LifePO4? I wonder if solar inverter that acts as UPS & Stab and a pack of nice batteries would be a better deal here? In terms of both money spent and battery longevity
whats the laptop here 10:00? it looks hella cool
You break your fingernails on the cage nuts, everybody else uses a flat blade screwdriver.
I should have painted our new rack orange.
The absolute chaos, I don't think non IT people understand just what it's like to go in and move a rack.... It almost ALWAYS divulges into this
High Five 13:25
You found the lost lovenuts, Bender will be happy
The train u used in the intro is an indian made train, honestly I am kinda feeling proud rn 🤣🤣
There is only one God. “Within the one Being that is God, there exists eternally three coequal and coeternal persons, namely, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” God is the creator of everything and is Sovereign over everything. God has appointed his only Son to judge the living and the dead. We have all sinned and broken God’s law, such as lying, stealing, lusting, anger, pride, etc. God is Holy, Just, and impartial. That is why when God judges he cannot let even one sin from anyone go unpunished and that punishment is eternal hell. We can’t work our way into heaven and our good deeds can’t save us from our sin. The bible says all our righteous acts are like filthy rags. We would perish if we died and faced God with our own righteousness.   The Good news is that God sent his only Son to save his people from their sin. Jesus who is fully God and fully human, lived a perfect life and never sinned. He willingly went to the cross where the Father took the wrath that was meant for his people and put it on Jesus. Jesus paid the price for their sin and died on the cross. He was buried and on the third day God raised him from the dead. God commands all people everywhere to repent of their sins and to put their trust in Jesus. Biblical repentance is a change of mind about Sin. It’s an attitude of the heart, genuinely turning from sin to God. Everyone who repents and puts their trust in Jesus, will have their sins credited to Jesus, and Jesus’s righteousness will be credited to them. Their sins will be forgiven, and they will be given eternal life. When it’s time to face God, he will welcome them into heaven because of Jesus’s perfect righteousness.
I’m about 5 mins in and this just feels like an episode of The Office 😂
Have you guys never used a cage nut tool? It's a world of difference.
What's with the adidas ads in the background at 2:35? :-D
amazing video, just love the chaos, you three really make for a fun chaos blog
I love videos like these. Like WAN Show it has the atmosphere of "Just hanging with the boys". I also love the networking videos because it always gives me motivation to want to "Finally" wire my whole house and setup a proper networking setup.
Actually really liked the format the dynamic of the three guys had me cracking up and Dan is a legend as always
Micheal scott vibes
“If it doesn’t fit, we hit it.”   I love this channel and team.
Hi guys.. I can't find any information about PCIe gen 3 vs 4 SSD in this configuration. PCIe gen 4 m.2 SSD in first slot from CPU lanes. Then Gen3 m.2 SSD from chipset, will the whole pc go in PCIe gen 3 mode, or will it work in doul mode? Like will it keep the gen 4 from CPU to main m.2 SSD and graphic card, and gen 3 for the chipset?  Or is the old PCIe gen 3 m.2 trash now?
VIdeo about nothing
I dont get the hate on cage nuts... I love them. Easy to install without tools, just press on the sides and they go right in without nail damage og anything else.  Even when there is only a 1u space available.
Just ignore the fact that the rack should of came with a cage nut tool; so you dont need to use your fingers XD
Future Dan has plenty of job secuy🤣🤣🤣
Is it wasting money, when the video turns a profit tho?
Dan: Asbestos!  Linus: Nooo...   Got me rollin' at the end. 🤣
What's with the adidas wall?
I really miss these kinds of videos. Just you, Jake and a mysterious guest getting excited over super expensive hardware that you'd only see in a business environment. I love it!
Pivot! Pivot! Pivooooot!
Linus singing Stand by REM has given me new respect for this man
that jake pan @18:00
At this point, you should move this type of content to a new channel named "Keeping up with the Sebastian". It's becoming just a reality tv, for nerds.
did I tell you there’s a reason i’m on medication? - underrated
4:00 I have an irrationally high interest to see Linus when he’s drunk now, I mean, this is him sober?? 😂😂
Cage nuts, put the bottom in, push down, push the top in.
This whole video gives me anxiety.
Have ya'll never heard of a cage nut tool?  While I'm not against the studs, cage nuts done with a tool aren't hard.
The ending of "Asbestos!" " Noo!" Had me laughing out loud.
In these vids Linus is a lot like Indiana Jones........
You have an empty room? And you have no planning? And you install routers, switches and what nots already cabled in? It really is chaos. And it definitely looks that the chaos will stay on. Long story short - by watching you I will never call you to redo my server rooms. Sorry man.
Should have moved the front rails back.
linus has become like elon musk.. an adult child that gets paid for doing nothing useful
That's a mistake
My experience with Unifi switches and routers is terrible. Something goes wrong - ui gives you just about nothing to troubleshoot with, replace switch with a mikrotik and everything just works and all the stats show me problems I didn't even know was there. I know Ubiquiti sponsored this but anything other than their AP's are just cringe.
0:29 vande bharat wow
Dan's Jokes(?) made the video great
This entire video in a nutshell:  "🎤 HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND¡🎤"
They have no idea how to finish concrete that is obvious..........and your new server cable management is still an ugly rat nest just hidden by a panel.
Nature's bucket
This is like someone floated the video idea - What if the 'Three Stooges' did networking?
i dont usually like and comment (sorry) but i loved this vlog lmao
osha shaking there heads rn
Omg Linus is annoying lol, he's not at all on the WAN show, but this high energy, kid show presenter Linus is so annoying
Asbestos!
Linus: (opening a drawer and taking an LTT screwdriver) Fine, I'll do it myself
Love the banter
Hahaha drunk dan ftw 👍
Why does every video need to be full of these stupid antics nowadays. I remember when it was about cool tech and innovations instead of emphasising fooling around :/
I feel like Later Dan is going to have a lot of OT in next months wage slip :)
We’re going to need a future Dan update
You three are amazing together 😂
I love Dan's 'Nope Out' when Linus did the segue at the end
I’ve been roasting these kids for their lack of enterprise level infrastructure knowledge for years
This is the most adhd video ever 😂
Filling the place with LTT orange is going to give it a real Star Trek TOS feel.
Garry is a fuckin G.
i'm sorry but why isn't there a t-shirt in the merch store with "Rack Nuts Suck" on it? ok that might be a rhetorical question, but still. "Even GOOD Rack Nuts Suck" on the back.
We see a caged Linus skating around in a brand spanking new rack, and worry about the the future of LTT. But... you'd be surprised at how common dealing with a CEO trying to "help" is, where all they do is running around like the business is their playground...
First time I saw Dan he was all serious... Look at him now 🤣
If my Employees spoke to me, like they Speek to Linus... I would SACK them on the Spot.
There are tools to compress cage nutts, for your future fingernail protection needs:)
-just stand there and ask questions, we will do the work, OK? HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAHAHAHA
lol at the class clown linus :D
Dan is always pure gold
4:00 why is Linus behaving like a kid
imagine 1.4m people would have watched you but not via youtube lol .
Love the "classic vlog" videos, actually my fave by far
This chaos makes me stress.
@ 01:56 Linus has silver eyeshadow. Watch when he blinks.
I couldn't have Linus for a boss.  Respect for all the lmg employees.
Why the hell are there all of those adidas posters? Previous owners, or something that I’m unaware of (LinusXAdidas)?
Linus is such a tw@t. I don't why you guys work for him. That c@nt deserves to be told that is no leader whatsoever and left alone.
Anyone else curious as to why the mural of those footballers is on the wall at the start?
It's like the 3 stooges
Last time I flung my cable around in hopes of attracting ladies, I woke up in a cell afterwards.
Drunk linus at work? 🤣
Next, timelapse of future Dan cable managing everything to where the cables should be.
hey linus, how long does it take you to do any research for custom pc building videos. by this i mean finding components that will be good together and are optimal
Linus just brought up Vande Bharat for Train show up.
i also LOVE cable management :)
Purpely boys!
love the pan to Jake @18:10
Gotta love the "monetise the work we had to do anyway" strategy.
after future dan did all the tasks with cleaning up, organizing the cable etc., i want a short video with the comparison of the cablegore before and the cableporn after...
As sad as it is i seem to enjoy this side of ltt more than the super structured review and themed build side now. Would love to see more or even a new channel just for vlogs that are just camera cuts and stitches.
Honestly one of the best LTT videos in a while in my opinion. Much better than the high pitched Linus scripted excitement videos. Would love to see more videos like this one.
How much for you to do this for me 🤣 do you take rug pull?
bunch of mature kids screaming whole video, driving rack and playing with cables
i seriously hope jake was joking when he said there is a reason he was on medicine casually suggesting that linus's shenanigans are causing him so much stress  we care about you jake please be healthy!
I'm pretty sure those cabinets usually come with a special tool for installing the cage-nuts.
If I didn't know who Linus is, no matter if the employees there told me this is the boss, the CEO of a company, I doubt I'd believe it...  But knowing Linus, if you now told me this isn't him in his natural habitat, I'd call bs
@0:45 What a wasted Joke. “.. the cavalary has arrived”, ”Oh great where is it? Did you leave it in the car?"
Dan is a low key comic genius. Dan, Linus and Jake are a power trio! So good for content.
these are the best videos you make more of this a channel of this even please thanks
I bet linus hands have no calus on them.. baby hands..
Can we get Dans "It's Natures Bucket" on a shirt pls?
Should use panduit gear 👌
ASBESTOS 🤘🤘
Dan is hilarious. :D
Look guys, I'm no health and safety expert but, should you be showing the material between 3:45 and 5:07???
Feels like a missed opportunity not to have done false floor and hvac before laying anything else.
This is Jake, Linus' husband. This is Dan, Jake's husband.
More of this type of stuff if possible!
Did LTT just use Vande Bharat as their train picture for the train noise .. xD
You've come a long way from the Kitchen and bedroom editor rooms...and bathtub cooling setups.
i want a secret lab ltt edition chair
if it doesnt fit we hit it!
5:16 It's a small moment, but it's cool.
Waste of money? Yeah, EV and everything related to it. Noice microwave, son!
Clickbait… Very little info on Labs and then ages of Linus goofing around… 🤷
3:34 This is a guy with kids and a wife, and still dose this, that's why I love him.
This is my favourite LTT in a while. I've worked with people with similar energy doing similar repetitive tasks and there's nothing like it
"What do you guys need hammers for?" "If it doesn't fit, we hit it." Spoken like a true engineer. Good hire Lunis.
Was that the melody from winter wrap up from My Little Pony @ 4:10?
OSHA approves this video :D
I watched this video while being high and it was the most entertaining thing I've ever seen
Hello! I was wonder if the ltt team or maybe a viewer could answer me this: how can i make money for a gaming pc when im 17? (preferably without communicating with other people because im very socially awkward) im down to trying new things but also have to study for school
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it"  Based asf
I rarely ever know what these guys are doing but I always enjoy watching.
Love me some REM
Can you build me a high-end PC, Linus?
I really liked the fact that the train reference was Vande Bharat express! Really cool job @editor!
neat video, that random beep scared me, thinking my fan controller detected a stopped fan. im not in the mood to tear apart my pc to fix things.
Dan is my absolute favourite at LTT, my kinda guy!
i dont know why but that ginger chap is soooo annoying, silly mustache and just annoying to watch, i love linus tech tips but soon as he pops up with his annoying voice and face i gotta bounce, is it just me that cant stand him ?
It’s takes this much to run a YouTube channel?
I can't wait to see the video in 3 years when they finally tidy this room up
There is a $14 cage nut tool available from 4cabling that makes using caged nuts easy. Makes it so easy to insert/remove caged nuts. Worth the $14
Dan was a great hire!!! keep it up guys great content even when your building a server I cant stop watching
tbf2 regarding cage nuts: I have seen a tool to clip the cage nuts into the rack... but only once, and it got lost pretty soon after discovering it and i seem to never find one. but it is supposed to come with every "100x cage nut" plastic bag you can buy...
i love jake but hes put on alot of weight and just hope everything is okay
A office full of tech junkies and just kids in adult bodies.
*Linus sir I have a question why is the huge setup which type of work is done in this place ???*
Linus wearing sandals in an active construction/renovation zone, makes me hurt.
idk bro, it feels the same as Casey Neistat's 368 nonsense. Or Masques' Studio. People come to the creator, not the channel or news
The most Enjoyable n Pleasant 22min in entire day... 💖💖
I can't read my writing. I don't know I was probably drunk... working in an office all alone.  Your not alone there are like 6 others  Not when you get that drunk.... Way ahead of you.  Love the energy Dan brings to the videos.  Always a good video with Dan.  Add in the future Dan fixing it all and it's great!
8:52 dime of a toss goes unappreciated
Der are pretty good alternative to cage nuts from Rittal for example. Rittal 2090000 It is a 1 HE "nut" which you just slide in place
a hater is a hater when he's right ?
Spent the last 10 years installing networks, watching these 3 hurts my head.
I love how they don't care about everyone getting disconnected from the internet 🤣🤣🤣 Just send it, YOLO 🤣🤣🤣
Well.. Sounds like Dan has jobsecurity for the forseeable future. :D Dan is awesome.
Oe.. missed the commercial intro of the amazing LTT screwdriver at timestamp 6:36  https://youtu.be/TzntUW34bv8?t=397
Jake: "We'll do better" Dan: "Asbestos" Linus: NOOO<cut>
this dynamic is awesome to watch.
They make a tool for the cage nuts, but you can just ghetto it with pliers and a hammer, hold and tap. Never use your fingers.
Jake's laugh is so contagious and real. Love to hear it.
For a moment I thought Linus is not dropping anything for the first time in his life but oo boy he has a reputation to live up to.
*motions at all of THIS* It looks dirty now, but once we clean up... *motions at all of THIS* It will be alright. rofl
Ubiquiti is trash as far as I'm concerned. Augmented Reality for plugging stuff in but IPSLA? Failover?  Junipers JUNOS and the 80 different flavors of Cisco CLI are much stronger for actual networking. I doubt you guys have much in the way of complicated routing but I can't imagine you're handling failover with a Ubiquiti, if you have a backup circuit in the first place.
Why not do a colab with LAWRENCESYSTEMS on the structured cabling. They are a youtube channel in the US. Could be beneficial for both parties.
Smash that window out. Who would want to look outside when there is all that tech in the server room. XD
You guys should steal an engineer from EVGA and make custom computer hardware
Bruh "The Labs" is huge.
I loved this video Dan is hilarious 😂
if possible could there be just a video of you guys just cable managing this stuff that would be so soothing/calming
finally. I love that kind of movies :D
Dan has to do it for a video with two kids and then do it again on his own PROPERLY
Way to sell me on rack studs 🤣cage nuts really are terrible
MORE VLOG VIDEOS!!
As a data center tech myself, seeing how they work on the cabling really hurt. 💔
Why does linus look like an intern working at jake tech tips
Man, Linus put all that weight of that server enclosure through his back. Eeek
Wow..we get to see you shove stuff in the server rack...again.
the UPS 4-beeps made me look around the room
I think that Dan has proven to be the most entertaining hire since Alex. Every time he is in a video he just kicks it up to eleven, just by being himself it seems. His knowledge and personality just fit the channel so well. I must echo the rest by saying more Dan please. And more of these vlog type videos without a defined purpose. Kinda wanna go back and binge all the moving and setup videos in one big playlist.
Just another reason why Dan is amazing!! ‘Couldn’t read my own writing, because I was drunk!’  Truly amazing, give that man a payrise 😂❤
Datacenter Dan to the rescueeeee, here to enable and gaslight lmao
Audio, micro soldering, electrical engineering, networking, what the hell can Dan not do? And he used to only work in ‘logistics’??
haha "you're the joke" lmao Dan
New season of The Office is looking fun.
Im going to have nightmares about this, should do a Roast My Rack episode and use this as example of what NOT to do.
So, I've never watche The Office but I assume this is what it's like?
If it doesn't fit, we hit it. :D
Linus: and you will use Contractors for that? Dan:.....(thank you) Dan: yes I will
@Dan "You uisng the rack as a holding thing, oh u smart. OK, i would have just used the floor" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
instead of using SFP to Ethernet gbic's , you may use DAG cables directly...
What model of laptop was Dan using?
this is the kinda stuff i enjoy the most.  just being nerds.  #scrapyardwars
There are designated tools for installing cage-nuts…
LOL FUCKING THOMAS MÜLLER
Consider splitting off the Cameras from the network.  You don't want to interruptions from cameras affecting your testing on your network.   Also, you can turn that rack sideways and install on both ends it would look like if you have a need for more expansion.
Don't you want on-location redundancy at the two locations? Having a data server at the lab and then backing up between the office and the lab at the other location seems an easy enough solution.
I have to wonder having been watching for years...what is the business of Linus tech tips? Like I know they make videos and such but...outside of that? Why like 20 people just for YouTube vids y'know?
at  0:49 Jake cheered at the exact same time as Linus breathed in and I swear I thought Linus wheezed xD
Can you do a video on how 2080 ti gets more fps by lowering it's power limit to 78% with msi afterburner?
God... I felt like I un-retired. This is basically every time my crew installed a rack full of gear.
Noone ever told you a secret about a "quarter" coin? 🙂
Dan - "Nobody's told me what my job is yet."
GUYS. Nonstop rewind 10 seconds in the beginning. Linus just goes AR AR AR AR AR
Why not just use an open communications rack for this purpose? Use a standard rack for the servers?
I'm very excited for the near future where the lab is helping to enforce standards in a visible way on merchandise.
Wait they stock the JerryRigEverything knife now?
10gig?  Why not 40gig?
"Coulda fooled me" Dan is dryly savage hilarious.
8:00 those been out of stock here in the EU for ages...
This whole video feels like an episode of The Office.
This level of jackassery and memery has been my exact experience doing network upgrades with the lads at my own workplace lol
I just realized, if I don't see the video... you sound exactly like Michael Scott!
From now on I'm not lazy, I'm work-shy!😂
thats for sure was one of the greatest video ever! The trio is awesome
DAN (!!) , You had the chance to say "Pivot, pivot, PIVOT!" and you didn't take it?? Haff ......
A cage nut and the fingernail. Always fun.
Dan, Jake and Linus are an amazing trio. It reminds me of times when I was young doing silly stuff with my friends.
It's awesome how you all roast each other.
This video is just showing me why I would not install patch panels, seems they made this move a lot worse
@5:33 Deeznuts
You know that many racks allow you to move the rack strips backwards, so then you'd have room for the patches when the door is closed. Best done before equipment is installed though...
“Do you know what i would have given for a $1600 POE 2.5Gbps switch?” Yeah, 1600$
The kind of Video I joined LTTT for. Unfortunately it became a rare event to have a proper hands on. Hey @LinusTextTips, advertising Ubiquity how about an in depth review of the Flex XG?
You should start an OF account with networking equipment.
"it's nature's bucket" goddamn i love dan
I'm over here wondering why Linus didnt know about the HVAC solution for the server room. are you not the head of LMG despite the namesake, my bro? are there papers not going your way? I mean ik LMG is BIG now, but that seemed odd to me.👀 especially since its literally going to knock out a window in the building
this was one of the funniest ltt videos in a long time
Massive building - Still a relatively Tiny server closet again…. No respect for your sanity.   Why?!
We need more Dan, also more Gary quotes  "If it doesn't fit, we hit it "
Dan's sass is amazing.
THOSE SWITCHES ARE ACTUALLY SO COOL I'm taking a networking class and that is the biggest pain is to remember which cord is in witch port 👌👌👌
Would you stop coming up with these clickbait titles? I like your content but your video titles are cancer
"If it doesn't fit we hit it." best quote in the vid.
BRO THIS IS LIKE BIGBANG THEORY OR FRIENDS TYPE  COMEDY BUT LIKE IT 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This video is complete and utter chaos and it's hilarious
i see every IT cringe right now XD
How has Linus kept making so much money to afford a huge warehouse such as that?
"The floor is nature's bucket." 😂 Definitely a VLOG episode, but the chaos energy was so hilarious I rewatched parts.
Dan is da real MVP
More Dan content PLEASE
Loved it! Could totally watch more of these! Y'all make my day
Woah woah woah. You live in Vancouver and have other teams on your walls but no Whitecaps? SHAME!!!!
This reminds me of that one time when I needed to make a multi thousand dollar server for minecraft. I settled for my mom's laptop without her permission.
Linus, Dan, and Jake a trio that just works
networking videos are my favourite!!! This was very fun
Wow that was a peek behind the curtain at the level of chaos that's probably just another day for these guys.
If you look in the toolkit that comes with your rack they have a thin piece of metal. That is used to install cage nuts.
I hope to see the complete LTT lab!
I work in data centers and I have absolutely been "rack racing" before haahahah
You need to give the beard guy a break.
FYI guys: A small flat head screwdriver to pop the cage nut in, has always worked for me! Quick and painless.
Linus has such MICHAEL SCOTT energy in his office , i love it
Used Rack Studs for a while now they are a godsend
The haters were right, but only one IS right.
Moe, Larry and Curly.
Drink spewed at "did I yell you the reason I'm on medication" lol
Soo Linus is like Michael Scott when he visited warehouse....
This video was so funny
Man... I've always loved watching The Three Stooges.
Glad I fast skipped this one. Been doing that a lot; as a lot of home set up/boring stuff lately. Constructive criticism.
“In this episode, Linus discovers cocaine”
for the cage nut installation. use a flat head screwdriver instead of your fingers. 👍
As someone who just get certified as an infrastructure technician, so many things in this video hurt to watch. Are you guys still hiring?
This video is the kind that feels like you're watching an episode of THE Office (Canada)
these are the best vids, you can not script real jokes.
I've found that an appropriately sized flat head screw driver can help with getting shittier cage nuts installed. That way you don't have to cheese grater the tips of your fingers when installing them by hand.  But, yes, cage nuts are pure suffering. No exceptions.
Put it on the floor, it's nature's bucket
48 port 2.5GbE PoE 1600USD  What fucking black magic is that?
and Trending at 25
Gary is an ace :D
Use a tiny flat screw driver for the nuts. Easy
Get Gary more screen time!! That dude is hilarious 🤣
Cagenut tools are a thing, they're like 50 cents.  Cagenuts are still the devil though
20:10 It looks green around your arms here (the outline) Linus. Almost as if you are in front of a green screen. I know that you are not lol, but that specific color orange of the case might be making it look like you are.  =p. I know it isn't my monitor creating this effect, because I've moved the video screen onto my other 5 and it is the same result. I feel like you would appreciate this comment due to the attention of detail some of your viewers might see. Obviously not a big deal at all, I just thought I would throw that in there. I enjoy these types of videos, because I feel like I learn something while watching them. Your channel has taught me A TON (I repeat) A TON of invaluable information that I find myself using every day, and I am not even in the tech field as far as career. Please keep up the good work, and a Happy New Year to you and the crew!
I wanna see more labs stuff broo
I get the reason to rush and do things later but doing the job twice sucks so.. anyway. Cool setup at least with the switches, 100Gbps lolz
I don't know what is going on in most of this video, but the interactions are golden.
The more I watch the office and ltt videos, the more I see Linus as Michael
Don't watch these videos if u get anxiety. Buncha boneheads.
“If it doesn’t fit, we hit it” best thing I’ve heard this year on LTT 😂
2:58 It's a drywall hammer Linus. Honestly.  8:15 SHAME, SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME 11:14 "28AWG Stranded" When 28awg is considered premium...
One of my favorite videos as of late besides cussing Linus.
NGL guys, gonna show this to my junior engineers as "How not to do a cutover"
5:34 "there made of the same thing as your screwdriver", im pretty sure that was meant to be a segway to a self promo, cmon linus, open your ears
This episode convinced me that this company is actually Dunder Mifflin but they do tech stuff.
DRAKE TECCH TIPS
It amazes me how few people seem to know about cage nut insertion/removal tools.
Should make a video about every single one of Linus employee writing anonymous letter and put in on a jar and then Linus pick one up at random and then read it. The question is how is everyone feel about Linus as CEO of LTT and express their feelings is he a bad boss or good boss to work with xD.
Linus, out of curiousity, where's the rack from? Jake, Luke, Dan
Every time Dan appears in a video, its pretty much assured that there's gonna be a lot of awesome comebacks and jokes
Jeez. I just did a little 9U rack with a grand total of ONE switch and ONE patch panel, plus just a few other things. This was stressful as hell to watch.
The rack unpacking was painful to watch...
Jake and Linus are always a riot together, but adding Dan into the mix?   This could be the greatest Canadian-based power Trio since Rush! :P  Love these vlog type videos! Keep on keeping on Lab 2!
Dan (and probably Jake) need a tablet strap (and a tablet) rather than having to leave laptops on the floor or have a danger of them falling... #LinusMediaDrops
I would literally love to do this all day. If this was my job, I'd probably be happy, lol..
This is what happens when companies DIY rather than hire experienced Low Voltage installers/integrators... This whole video belongs on r/CommercialAV/.../AV_Nightmares 🤣
"The only way to install cage nuts is to *fumble* *drops nut*" That... and also using the installation tool which is super easy to use lol
This whole testing thing is gonna be great. Will be so nice to have actual data on all this stuff.
free EV charging for all employee's..... bruh.... you gunna be broke in 2 years lmfao. that power bill gunna kill you!
Why not use a flat screwdriver to mount the cage nut? Prevents your fingernails from getting destroyed :)
I like how there's a ten-minute segment labeled "Basically just chaos."
Why does this give me the office vibes
I miss the server deployment videos thank you for this video.
I'm so proud of you Linus and team! you deserve all your success!
Linus' job responsibilities: 1. Antagonising his employees...
Ohf make sure you get the dishes laser aligned.
Content is content
Ditch mining for love of our planet!
6:45 - There are things called cage nut inserter tools that make the installation and removal of cage nuts a cinch. It's just a bent bit of flat metal that has a small slight hook on it for pulling the nut tabs through the cage holes. Can be had for just a few dollars too.
I always knew dan was my spirit animal.
but what about the 2300 foot fiber run? should that not give you a high speed connection to the other bulder faster than wireless?
I don't get all the hate on cage nuts.  Use a cage nut tool.  Simple cheap flat piece of steel to help guide the clips into the slots.  Easy peasy.  I've been using them for almost 15 years.
Come for the thumbnail, stay for the Dan!  Dead pan honesty and awesome wit.
Having linus while there is any work to do is like having a child while you work on stuff.
Cant wait for pt2 of this
Wasn't it vande Bharat express at 0:27 😂
Ahahaha.
free charging so nice ,other companys would charge for it ☹
this is some good banter
Would love to be on a Dan Jake team, it's hilarious.
this is giving moving vlog vibes and i’m absolutely LIVING for it
Gotta say, this was a great video, I proper laughed out loud at the genuine banter
Dan is fucking hilarious
You *can* get a cage nut tool that makes them mildly less infuriating to deal with... but I definitely want to check out the rackstuds.
A neat and tidy boss, the laidback dude, and the future procastinator
Don’t you have to maintain the led acids in the power supply? I may be wrong but I’ve just never heard of one that doesn’t need to be set on a battery charger regularly
Man i love dan, hes really grown into his own in these videos and its so refreshing! More dan + jake + linus chaos!
The nerd mating dance
Rackstuds suck They stick out too much and too much of a space from the rack.  Fight me
Antics and projects around the office are always fun to watch.
I love watching Linus and Jake working together, but as a datacenter engineer and ICT, I cringe watching the rack shenanigans.  I recorded a video on how easy cage nuts are installed after watching the new house rack video, but I haven't published it yet.  Another tip, always put the bottom screws/ rack stud nuts on first. That way, gravity works with you to hold the device while you put the top fasteners in.
REM liked this video
Beware Dan, there's a high chance Linus might fire you now that Colton is your boss.
Dan, sercretly jacked
Do you have a buisness email? I'm having some issues with my Pc, I'm not sure if you'd be able to help at all.
... actually a super tidy job site lmao
9:40 Dan: "Nobody has told me what my job is yet…"   yeah.,,, yeah...
Gary is my spirit animal.
ah my favourite reality show
3:36 Toddler Linus and his two dads
it's an old lineman joke "pulling your wire" but you act like it's fresh, adorable. Linus, don't you ever comb your hair? HIppy.
I’ve been wondering, how do you get a position like Jake’s? Is there some sort of Networking school or what?
Dan was on fire with the comebacks in this one 🤣
My favorite part of this video was that I wasn't doing the work. Good luck boys. Structured cabling is always a pain in the ass.
18:10, panning to Jake after Linus felt very The Office.
i love videos like these. i wanna see wayy more networking setups and walkthroughs. from component breakdowns to physical install to configuration and management. its boring aF for many but its what interests me most. and i cant find anyone that has thorough walkthrough's and setups.
The work logs of Jake and Linus have always been the best videos and Dan is an excellent addition
Those Ubiquity NVRs are pretty sweet! Just plug in your drives, do some preconfiguration, and they will handle themselves. Also include RAID functionality just in case you need some striping and parity for your security cameras
"It's nature's bucket!"  This video is unironically one of the best I've ever watched on this channel.
That was fun
I didn't understand a single technical lingo used on this video but damn, I would love to hang around just to be a part of it.
Dan is the Man with most excellent quotes!
Obviously we all love Jake, but, just like all the comments above and below me, i gotta say... Dan is definitely the man.  It's really crazy how you guys are just joking and being silly, untangling things, hooking things up, joking some more, and then BOOM, you got a seemingly working set of high tech equipment that almost none of us can hook up correctly.  You guys have come a LONG way just learning things. It's quite amazing.
The older Linus gets, the younger Linus acts.  #BenjaminLinus
poor dan but hey he is the man
Please share your view on the new Airjet chip By the  company Frore systems . Its the  world's first,  solid state thermal processor cooler . and its a Revolution in pc Colling . Please make a video on it soon (cause that's a big News).
I like Gary
Looks like super spaghetti
we need more dan, he's great
its amazing to see how far you guys have come since then good job Linus and everyone else! ❤
Jake is too young to be overweight and on medication come on Linus
A lot of cage nuts come with a little shiv, like a shoe horn. You can install a full rack quite quickly.
when are we gonna see the end of the arc experiment
If it doesn't fit, we hit it. Put that on a t-shirt!
Linus: rolling up sleeves to get the train back on tracks THE TRAIN: 3:37 😂👌👌
🤣You guys working together is funny as hell, but this is why i do this work alone. you didn't even need to edit this it youtube gold
genuinely, what is the point of a rack thats 90% empty?
3:45 there is powerful people and then there is Linus
Jake and Linus make great work husbands.
TIL: a tool exists for installing and removing cage nuts easily. Racks usually come with one.
3:54 men being men 🤣
There is a tool for cage nuts...
"if it doesn't fit we hit it" 😂
linus just found out canada legalized
“If it doesn’t fit, we hit it” INSTANT GIF POTENTIAL OH MY GOD
Next time try out some CPI racks!
These are my favorite kind of videos
once i saw the 10 minute section labeled "basically chaos" I knew I had to stay up a little later to watch this
Dan is the best addition to LTT. He is great. No this isn't his alt account.
this was gold
Random, but I like that sectional couch at 0:20. Linus, what is the name of it?
Dan is the new Taran 🥰🥰
linus is turning into micheal scott slowly
asbestos. 😂 Jeans material batting insulation seems to work well for sound isolation but I don’t know what the cost comparison would be in BC.
oh my god my brain did the same "Stand in the place where you work" reference a second before Linus did....
Linus acting like a kid but he's the boss made my day thank you! 🤣😂
Rack nuts are AWESOME! We'll never go back to cage nuts.
I fricken LOVED this! In fact I would love it if you guys put out a video of how to give a server room a makeover. Proper placement of equipment in a network rack. Stuff like that is so hard to find.
Linus is a cage nut lmao
"i actually enjoy it you're the joke" that's my energy at work! lmao!
.
I kind of believe Jake when he says he is on meds. I don't necessarily believe the reason though.
Dan FTW, Cheers to the drinking at work!!🍻🍻🍻
2:57 outdated football poster😭😭😭
Who's the crybaby that doesn't wanna be part of the video?
Nice
I just love that Linus finaly did a unserius moment with Jake. IMO Jake has always been the "it dosent mather" "its ok" attituder. Finaly Linus got on Jakes nerves, so Jake can feel how i have been feeling about him for some time now.
these combination look like sheldon, leonord  and howard  from big bang theory
I’ve never done server racks, but it seems like a neodymium magnet would allow you to place the nuts, get a bolt started, and then move on to the next.
I love Dan so much. Such a great addition to the company and the videos
I swear if they made a tec reality show. This be it. Drama. Drunk. And fighting.
I thought the LTT Orange was Red. I can only see Red on it. Though I am Red-Green Colourblind.
Dan really is the best.
"if it doesn't fit, we hit it"  we need that on a shirt right now
for the love of god, please next time you buy a rack, get an 800mm wide one.
Dan is a keeper
9:45 by this part of the video, Dan had said less than a dozen words. Then hit us with the Necessary Censorship (tm) bombshell
Gary at 0:16 having no mercy.
dan for prez
Jake is honestly so insufferable lmao.
This video had an amazing dynamic! It's unexpectedly one of my favourite LTT videos in a long while, had me laughing the entire time. You guys do fantastic work. Keep it up :D
"If it doesn't fit we hit it"
Dan: fuck later me just get it working.
why in the world are you patching access-layer switches in a server cabinet?  2-post racks exist for this reason.  you've trapped your heat.  You've made the structured cables difficult to manage.  You've smashed your patch cords.
i know i have no room to speak on this as im not an IT network specialist nor do i build racks but why didnt the team just mirror the rack with new switches, patch boards, and patch cable then move all the incoming/outgoing cables one board at a time?
More Videos like this please
Asbestos! No...
I know not everyday is like this but it’s nice to see people really enjoying what they do and the people they work with
Dan: Snuck a bunch of beer into work today..  Also Dan: In my belly!
This video was incredible. I was laughing the entire time, but then when I heard "nature's bucket," I completely lost it. Love it, guys!
linus pays fully grown men to push him around in a metal box
Dan needed that overtime
Dual "high five" was awesome lol
Linus "I'M HALPING" Sebastain, everyone.
who needs internet anyway, amirite?
"If it doesn't fit we hit it"  valuable life lessons from linus media group
You really shouldn’t be “painting” your floor yourself it will most likely fail and not pass legal standards creating a hazard
At 3:50, I can confirm Linus is just there to take the piss out of everyone.
When I am done with Uni, I am going to apply at LMG
As an ex datacenter nerd, I love watching these videos of you guys having a good time figuring out infrastructure stuff. Unconventional setup for sure, but that's half the fun!
The floor is nature's bucket?!?! Best line EVER!! 😄
This is a great episode of the three stooges
"Yeah we're gonna have to turn off the internet." "Oh should I let them know?" "Eeh." - ISPs starting maintenance outages
#MoreOfDan
There is a tool for cage nuts to make the install /removal way easier
More like this, was really fun
Nobody in that room knows what they are doing. Patch panels first. Intern status.
We need more of this type of content
This one is amazing...
Sounds like a military moto, “if it doesn’t fit, get a bigger hammer!”
Wanna know how I cable manage, look at Dan's work.
Linus paid for it so why worry if he scratches it ?
Dan is the real hero here.
Finished a big project using a lot of ubiquiti gear at the end of last year, super happy with it. Great to see you guys are using it as well.
Asbestos had me laughing out loud right at the end of this lol
Linus i love you but you got to hit the gym man. Lifing that rack was sad.
For future Dan "Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it" - Alan Perlis
3:45 "Did I tell you there's a reason why I'm on medication?"  Oh my god Jake
I got some Nexus 5565s from the e waste room at work. Those switches are... Loud.
I love the chaotic energy between Linus, Jake and Dan. Especially when Linus was skating inside the server rack like a kid
wach this make wont a beer
Dan and Jake have good energy. Driving Linus mad was a joy to watch knowing how much progress was still being made lol
Dan’s the best. I’d be happy if he was in every video.
I’m sorry I love you guys but I have never seen anyone struggle for so long to get a ubiquity network up. I would have to get the same network up in half as much time. In your defense, I am starting from zero. Edit if anyone from LTT sees this who makes fat rack?
I always had a sneaky suspicion that 100 was just 4 25's, now that had been confirmed. Thank's linus.
Jake busts out his reliable 16" MacBook Pro yet again.
You're not wasting money, you're building character. Especially if you're drunk whilst doing it.
wtf is with the rando sportball players on the wall
Thats's going to be so nosiey   with all them unit fans blasting. My current 48prt  is anoyying  as it is and it;s one unit.
Dan is gold!
Linus is such a kid, it's great 😅
OMG why have I never heard of rack studs until now.... I loath cage nuts.
4:50 love how the “staff communication board” is empty, really shows how much they prefer slack    “Slack the sponser of this video…………”
18:10 "You hope it'll attract..." and spin to Jake.
Dear LTT, please do a vid on tough laptops, not particularly gaming ones, but you can do those as well if you like ;O)  Thank you,  A Cheeky Brit.
I can’t express the panic I felt in my bedroom hearing the casual UPS beeps and wondering if it’s mine downstairs
why use a contractor? you dont have guys that do all of that too?
setting up the whole new place is an oddly nice change of pace in videos
"There's like 6 other people working here" "Not when you get THAT drunk"
Miss these vlog style unscripted videos!
“The floor is natures bucket” - Dan. Brilliant!
The red rack kinda looks like Doctor Who's space ship The TARDIS😂
I'm fairly new here. I've seen the occasional video here and there for a few years. And I know this is Linus' company. But why does he sometimes seem like he has no idea what's going on or talking about? I'm assuming he has ADD/ADHD out the ass. I love it
Would have been smart to get a wider rack with cable management, seeing as your current rack cable management is complete crap.  Also should have set the front posts of the rack back a bit so you can cleanly close it without smashing cables.
this made my evening lol. you guys are hilarious
Whats up with the Manchester United poster wall...?
Wake up in the morning, see a new 23 minutes long LTT video about Linus doing anything, boom made my day.
Linus: I have suffered for our network, and now it's your turn.
your employees are inefficient
Reality TV style. Nice.
Dans life summed up in one second. 0:29
Ain't gonna lie I would hate having Jake as a manager and Dan knows it
LMAOOOOOO BRO ADMITED IT
6:50 Linus flat head screwdriver is your friend here
There is a cage-nut tool - most of our racks come with them. They take care of most of the fingernail destroying issues...
I am still surprised you are not using wide racks. The extra space for PDU in the back of the rack is worth it's weight in gold.
Dan just knows when to get out of the way and be quiet and when to make a point. What a Chad
I don’t know that an LTT video has ever stressed me out so much.  But I loved it. I think Dan is my new favorite.
“This man is the bee's knees, Arthur, he is the wasp's nipples. He is, I would go so far as to say, the entire set of erogenous zones of every major flying insect of the Western world.”  ― Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish
You mentioned air fiber to the original office. Have you considered revisiting a physical connection behind the buildings?
3:51 boss is allowed to burn the osha handbook for himself
linus knows by now that the only way he can get something done is if he attaches a video to it and monetary value to said video. That being said, it's actually a really good idea.
I like it and I cannot tell you how many times I have been a server room and asked why is this cable not attached to anything and end up with arm full of cables not plugged in!
Is this the guy that said warranties don't matter?
I'm so glad they brought us along for the ride.
One of my favorite videos you've ever done, made me nostalgic for my racking and cabling days (and nights)
how many ev chargers?  hopefully your local grid be good enuff….  we maxed out our grid infrastructure at my work/block 😅
Did my ad block start blocking ltts built in sponsorships?
- I was probably drunk ... - I work in a warehouse alone - You're not even alone, there's like six other people working here every day - Not when you get that drunk  Dan is hilarious.
🔥
sick.
15:02 best moment ever.
This is the stuff i love. Besides the nornal content. Just watching be themselves. Its lit.
You guys should check out the Patchbox cable management solution! They have some really cool products aimed at rack management and installation.
you dont have proper tools for the cage nut installation, that's why its killing your finger
Any low voltage or A/V installer knows this chaos all to well. By that I mean, your boss coming to the site to "help get us back on track" days.
Change control at LTT looks interesting
I am so happy for this plucky little nerd…I feel like I’ve been watching him since the beginning, and he’s totally earned where he’s at. Nicely done!
Jake and Dan need their own channel LOL
Some say Dan is still doing does jobs.
The cable managent was equal to the old server room. Prepare to do the same activity with a new video :-)
The synchronized "high five!" from Dan & Jake at 13:25 was just priceless
2:53 I actually keep a hammer with my pc tools, it's labeled in red sharpie as  "Hardware Reset" haven't had to use it yet, its mostly to instill fear and keep the beasts in line
ROFL.  That was awesome.
Dan’s laid back yet manages to channel pure chaos.  Him and Jake are like two sides of a coin… that goes in Linus’ wallet. All thanks to (insert sponsor).
Honestly this video had me actually laughing at several points
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it."
You guys need to cozy up that place with some 70s interior decorations, bron floor carpeting, a few seventies sofas, wooden walls and 70's brown,white and orange wallpaper. 😁😁❤️
This trio is solid gold.
The chaos of this video is wonderful.
Michael Scott Tech Tips
'Hammer' is so barbaric a name.  I prefer Kinetic Persuasion Device.
0:27 vande bharat express
And there is still a long way ahead....
The rack looks very similar to the color on the end screen on my tv, whatever that's worth.
Dan is a great addition.
that amazon cosplay at 3:53 was pretty accurate
I have not laughed this hard in a long time. Keep making random spontaneous videos like this. They are worth it.
Future Dan needs a raise. Oh wait that's future Dan's problem. Lol
Linus, Dan, and Jake make for an entertaining trio. Totally different personalities.
This was hilarious. I knew Dan was chaotic when he first appeared but not THIS chaotic.
“Did I tell you there’s a reason I’m on medication” lmaooooo
5:50  If women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy
https://youtu.be/QpnqeOqb4cc
Zip ties, Zip ties, Zip ties.
13:22 this high five moment was just great
all "the floor" punchline though! lol
Can we get more of Jake and Dan pimping out the server room with RGB ? xD
wow, looking and that giant tangle of cables gave me wicked anxiety.
I know you guys are having fun and playing it for the camera but you would all be fired at my org. lol 😂
I watched until you put in rack nuts and said they were good.  They suck and by saying they dont for a buck, you do too.  No self respecting network technician would ever use that garbage.
You just need to bring me in to handle it. Of course, I don’t currently have a passport and I’m in the US, so it might take a week to 3 to get there.
Dude, I remember when Linus, Luke, and Luke's dad were drilling holes in a bedroom to build junky ass whole room water cooling system that immediately started growing mold, lol.    Look at this warehouse, jesus!!
Casually drops "100 Gigabit"
I’m surprised Jake hasn’t fired Linus for goofing off at this point
Sounds like a great space to solar power the whole thing.
lol @Linus Tech Tips glad my suggestion a few months ago (about the rack studs) helps
When Linus enters the room to "help" you.. 🙈
You’re are going to give one of your employees a heart attack (HELPING) them out. 😂
Asbestos!  NO
Hammers are just hand-held motivators
I love the content as always, however I won't be surprised if you have any wiring or even SFP issues soon. Crushing those fiber cables by forcing the door closed isn't obviously good. If anything the front of the 4-post rack needs to move in more to allow better airflow and less harmful cable transitions. If they are non-movable, then remove the door itself.  Also, regarding the cage nuts, I do agree they are a pain. However to get them in easier you can use a flat head screw driver or even a simple (and very cheap) cage nut tool.
The pain and the chaotic energy around the server room never gets old, no matter how new your servers the same pain, and chaotic will be always in there, no matter how bored are you doing that they will br always entertaining us with some of pc disconnected, not matched speed etc
Linus drops things.  As if that's new.
now I want chaotic Dan and Jake content!
I feel like Linus was mostly a distraction
Can I offer a word of advise? Be very careful with relying on copper 10GbE over long distances. In my work environment we have an eerily similar setup with 10gb links and have had soooo many issues with longer runs (with CAT6a cables) and have had to resort back to 10gb over fiber.
That aint no datacenter.
Rack studs are awesome!
You guys need to hire a professional system administrator.  I'll come work for you if you want...
OMG, Dan, Jake, and Linus together at one time is the most glorious thing on the internet!
You 3 need your own series of doing stuff all over the office together👫
I have to say switch, patch, switch, patch, switch, patch, ETC. Is the correct way to run networking equipment. I was so mad when I reached out to one of our builders and explicitly gave them a diagram saying. I want patch here, patch here, patch here, patch here, and availability for a 1U system in between each. otherwise please contact me and I'll put in my 1U equipment first and then you can build your patch panels from top to bottom.
ADHD boss has adhd
okaaay coooool i need to get me some of the ultra slim cat 6a cables
How many guys does it take to get a rack through a doorway?  Apparently 3.  Or  more like 2 1/2.
"There's like 6 other people working in this warehouse everyday" "Not when you get that drunk" PFFFFFFTTTTT- Oh my sides
Linus reminds me of Red sometimes: "If your wife doesn't find you handsome at least she'll find you handy".
i didnt know Jake and Dan were in a no mans land at LMG xD let the memes flow!
Invest in cage nut pliers.
This trio is amazing. I’d love to see more videos with their chaotic energy and incessant ribbing.
The labs team must have gotten the memo from the editing team. When Linus shows up it's a bad day for you because you can't do work. So just bring in a sudoku puzzle and wait for them to leave.
super clean cable management, i always leave my cords hanging off towards the floor while organizing
Being in there without steel-toed boots on probably violates whatever the Canadian version of OSHA is.
I'd watch a video that's just Dan quietly cleaning the rack up, just saying
i feel they need an adult to watch over the 3 of them
seriously, after all this future dan tasks... I want him to be on an intel tech upgrade series! Get him on that!!
hands down one of my favorite ltt videos.. please more with this crew!
this is hilarious. Loved it
I'm looking at a prostate cancer and an albino hitler... go on.
5:20 every IT department ever
makes me hyped for the labs, lets hope it remotely makes companies make better products and keeps making good products if they already do be doing such things (im assuming an award system will be in place?)
Natures bucket is the cheapest way to "organize" ones project essentials. Thanks for the strong promotion of the product.
Does Linus make segues in real life just out of habit at this point?
Sorry ltt, even the newest noobs don't do that
This feels like it was recorded a while ago
i like how they gave dan the rugged laptop
Eaton ups:es are banging for sure, in fact mine went bang just over a week ago, the transistors literally exploded in it - yaay. 🎉
should've pushed those front rails back a bit, you're going to hate life when you wanna cable manage
I like Future Dan
More content about the lab please!
I have to admit I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at any LTT episode I've ever seen. the banter between these guys was hysterical
I need you guys on my next networking job it would take much longer, but at least would be fun
Is this an ex adidas warehouse? The office is full of adidas jersey shots LOL
Best trio in this channel BY FAR
Please use the rack nut tool
"if it doesn't hit we hit it " can we get a shirt with this lol
Upgrade  Episodes  For subs
keep your boss out of the data center
Highly entertaining.... has a "top gear" bro vibe... think about a trio?
Dan's thinking face looks like my 'someone just ran over my dog and I have to poop' face. No offense, Dan...
I love you guys but for a tech company the wire management and equipment move made me legit mad. Sorry but low voltage is my job and this just hurt me.
"why do you guys need a hammer" "if it doesnt fit we make it" xD
As somone who knows guitars, nylon is not indestructable.
LMG does all the racking stuff I wish I could do at work. You know how many times I've wished I could move a switch without powering it down?
Totally unrelated to this video, but PLEASE make a new overclocking tutorial for current gen CPUs! The last one is reeaaalllyy outdated(although a lot of the stuff is the same)…
Drunk Man Dan
I can’t believe this channel used to be ran out of a residential house. The growth has been absolutely insane.
OMG, where were those nylon bolts when I had to replace switches and reorganize racks nearly every darned day? Watching you guys struggle with all those cables takes me back 😊
Jake and Dan really do share one brain cell HAHAHAHA. How they said "high five" in complete sync XDD. A friqqin group of NPC's HAHAHA IM DEAD
Bad engagement can be good engagement. You can use criticism to improve your channel. You should not shrug off criticism as "haters" or "trolls" instead of adopting and improvising. Doing otherwise can make you look like a fool.
As a former data cabler, this video gave me anxiety. So many bad practices...
Give us a Floatplane exclusive live of a camera following Dan for 8 hours each day.... it should be hilarious !!
Linus and his team are pretty handy!  As in, Linus is pretty, and his team is handy.
I swear this show is starting to turn into NBC s community. I’m loving it. Great job LTT team
I went around the house searching for the device that's making the beeping sound.
I like Dan Dan is the man
Future Dan is a vibe.
"You've enabled him!!!!!!" hahahaha
One of us, one of us. Ug-Qualtoth is returned
Me waiting for short king Linus to drop himself on that cage
I swear with each video i watch LTT just grows bigger and bigger, love what y’all are doing and respect the grind!
If it doesn't fit we hit it   Every IT guy everywhere
when i heard it was a $ 1600 switch, my brain put a extra 0 on it...
Bruh the rack part  Linus is the kid and the other two are his parents
It hurts my soul that no one wiped the dust off the networking equipment before installing it.
WE GOT MORE DAN, EVERYONE!
Ъ.ъ
is linus' earings litrally only bothering me
Linus masking his anger in this video.... Who pissed off the linus?
When you fill your new cab with copper (90 more runs?) it's going to be really hard to force that door shut 19:48. You can adjust the rails to create more clearance in the front for housing switches instead of servers ; )
For the love of your mapping sanity, pay the premium price and get a full set of the Panduit cable labels. the 1x1.75" labels work AMAZING for labelling wires permanently (go one step up and get the matching label cores. Technically designed for fiber, but work really well for ethernet as well).
The finger nail destroyer is a very accurate name
3:24 dan the strong man
I love these unscripted videos, they are fun to watch.
Linus expend his money because people like us can't do the same, so, someone need to do.
Dan is my spirit animal
immediately after hearing mention about the sponsor chair having an extended warranty, I thought: "We have been trying to contact you about your chair's extended warranty"
Wow.. I finally found a person with my humor! Dan! I didn't think we existed... Now I somehow need to get to Canada lol
10/10 ending cut.
This has the energy of one of the vlogs from the old days,I love it
embarresing sloppy crafmanship…
i really love Dan, even though he is in so many vidfeos i really have no idea how he will respond to a thing.
I keep forgetting Floatplane exists.
The 'plan'  🤣 Good Luck(cant wait to watch)
When's the LTT wire cutters coming out?
My company acquired another company that had Ubiquiti in one of its warehouse, Cloud key, 2 switches and 20ish APs and no one wants to touch it with a 10 foot pole. They have nice features but document the network to convert over to more enterprise hardware (cisco or competitors).
We are actually using cage nut assembly tools, these are just flexible metal plates. So, no destroyed fingernails anymore and not the only way to assemble cage nuts. 😜
This is how I imagine Elon Musk’s day at work, except he would have fired everyone and sold the company for a failing enterprise.
Gotta love Dan chaotic energy
OSHA hates Linus
Thanks for the ride in the clown car, sorry I didn't have my oversized shoes with me.
woah! Anyone know who is supplying the rack? Would love to get an orange one…
it is called"monkeies#ucking a football" with you three working together
As a person who sets this stuff up for a living I greatly appreciated this video. Also will definitely have to look into those nylon rack nuts
I feel bad for Dan. lol. The chaos.
just fyi you're installing racknuts wrong. Don't get me wrong, they still absolutely suck, but if you find a small thin piece of metal(think like butter knife) it makes it super easy to install them. You put one side of the racknut in, then insert the piece of metal on the other side and push the cage nut in, then remove the piece of metal. So you're sliding the other side of the racknut in using the piece of metal. It makes it SUPER easy.   I used to build servers for oracle and we could install a few hundred cage nuts in a minute or two using this metal. It still sucks to remove them.
With the metal threaded clips, pick up a couple of 4"/100mm bolts of the same thread, you can screw the bolts into the clip and use it as a handle for fitting the clip. takes a couple of sec's to screw in/out but can still be quicker - and safer.  Would it be worthwhile having drums of different coloured cable, that can be allocated to specific purposes rather than rely on take on the ends, it may make sorting them out from the tangles easier? Having the means - cables, fittings, tools, etc, to make your own cables may even be cheaper, neater and easier as you can make them the lengths actually required - especially if they're checked at the time of construction to make sure there isn't a problem with them that will come back to cause problems later.
12:50 CAMRA MANS HAND⁉⁉⁉⁉⁉⁉⁉⁉
Y'all may want to consider moving the front mounting plates back to prevent crushing your cables.  Those look like APC cabinets, should be possible, though you did already rack equipment.
your gonna need to move the front rails back so the DAC's arent bent like that
Every video with Linus and Jake is great.
Have not seen many vids past month or so,. Why does he now have such a huge storage space and what is it for?
jake is getting fatter by the day 😂 u guys should do a fitness challenge
The CPI cage nuts are my favorite.
THIS VIDEO WAS SSSSSIIIIICCCKKKKK
LTT the General Lee of YouTube
Every new video I get impressed with so many hot guys working at LTT
I want a mash up of all of Linus's sponsor segues!
lol linus witnesses/GCs a home reno and all of a sudden acts like a site supe
I hope Dan gets more screen time. Dan's pretty great.   Dan if you see this, You're great.
I have definitely enjoyed this installation.
Linus in the rack was the best part of this video xD
We need more content like this! Hilarious
I need a comprehensive First Aid Kit for PC's. I don't trust anyone but you.
mr.bathtub backup dump complaints about messy systems eh. i think you owe your employees an apology for hypocrisy Linus!
It's like the "Nerdy Three Stooges" this was hilarious and I need more.
CONTENT!
that's a new company slogan right there! "if it doesn't fit, we hit it." 😂😂😂
I love the dan and jake combo, the no mans land team is chaos and I am here for it
As someone that used to build and wire racks everyday, these videos always stress me out a bit
I'm secondhand frustrated about working for a boss who hinders the progress
Very familiar! I used to work at GlenAyre in Burnaby. We rack mounted all day paging cabinets destined for China in the 90s.
Talk about bring your kid (who’s your boss) to work day 😂
"Asbestos!😄" - Dan 2023
If everything’s Ubiquiti, then why not use one of their UPS things (I can’t remember what they call them off the top of my head)
Love this type of vlog
It's kind of hard to believe so much is being done with Jake visibly larger from video to video. Credit where credit is due, Linus has a ton of patience, it's exceedingly frustrating when the amount of work to do appears never ending yet the lack of urgency is pervasive. You start to notice every...single...second...people...are...wasting...time...
This was actually a very entertaining video lol
Dan is Aki from Chainsaw Man, I'm still not sure if Linus is Power or Denji... or both
sandals and socks bro?
Can we talk about intel s8s servers now?
love the rackstuds, use them myself
How is this not done yet? Answer milking it for content..
yes, but where is Wendell?
For the love of christ hire a network admin. They're worth the money.
Your employees are competent enough you can just fuck around in videos, awesome!
YOU HAVE A TRAIN?!?!?  I heard it derailed...... no survivors.
Does Linus make himself look like amateur hour on purpose?
The train at 0:25 is most probably India's train 18 (vande Bharat express)
Linus, your content is becoming more and more just YouTube attention grab garbage ... yelling and chaos, nonsense bullshit chatter. It honestly is now coming off like you guys are incompetent. One decent technician could have completed this task by themselves with little to no downtime and 1000% less headache inducing cringe. The intellectual, factual commentary that is sprinkled into the chaos and garbage doesn't redeem the video, if that was somehow the play here.
Man, I fucking love how chaotic Dan is. You go buddyyyy, get that Rye Whiskeyyyy.
Great video! You guys always have really good chemistry and Dan is amazing. That guy really has skills. Love the electronics-background he has we recently got to see in the no more batteries-video, it's the same background where i came from and learned from my dad. It was the start of my career in electronics and computers later. Brings back memories! 🙂
omg, as someone who has worked with professional data center installers and cabling companies on dozens of office DC setups over the years, literally every moment of this video was so cringe I could barely watch.  I know LTT is a DYI centric channel (and. I love you guys), but come on ...  there are professionals who do this every day.  Just get one, and film  them doing it.  There are soooooo many best practices that you could highlight by documenting an actual professional job, and your viewers would thank you.
Add Colton and that's my dream team
how tall is he?
I absolutely LOVE these chaotic, "The Office"-style vlogs. They're so funny and honestly I enjoy them more than the scripted content. Please more Lab setup vlogs!
"i was probably drunk" things your boss wants to hear for one hundred. i absolutely love their chemistry in video's together lol. ^_^
4:36 And there we learn Linus big secret. He's a cat!
This is pure chaotic energy. Love it
Dude this is darn awesome, I would have been rolling on the floor amongst all the networking bits laughing. aside from that I agree with Dan in enjoying that kinda work.
If I enjoyed it this was great.
It's like if your kid brother was your boss...
What's with the Adidas wall ?
14:21 Jake sounded like Kermit there lmfao
The ground being the "Nature's Bucket" killed me. I love Dan.
Dan is the best
Give a raise to the person that named the vid parts, dude's awesome XD
This trio ❤ Please more chaotic maintenance videos, this was so great!
These are my favorite vids. Just a goofy vlog
Elitist Linus hates poor people that cant afford High End Sht.
Highly recommend a storage server in the rack room.  Data replication "on site" but in a different building is important in case you have another "our server literally caught fire" scenario again.  You'll be able to sync very fast because of the building to building setup during downtime periods (like overnight), but during the day if the guys in the building don't have to compete with  other data being transferred between the buildings to the main internet connection, it'll make everyone happier.  Besides, you know you want to do another petabyte project server.  >D
You guys did a pretty descent job, especially for non-proffesionals. But I suggest you check out the TI-568. It won't tell you specifically how to do things, but it is the National standard in the U.S. (plus it's a super easy certification for whoever wants it). Really while I have a few minor issues, really just experience things, I do have one gripe. I'm not a fan of just dropping the cables out of an open Ceiling Tile grid hole. I've seen more then enough times what that does long term, and what a mess it starts to create as you add I the future. I'd give you a more exact solution (who knows maybe you already got one), but its kind of hard based off a video where I can't see any of the building structure. Maybe you drop down some bridal rings. You could also remove the cables and then run them through big sleeves, or a vertical Cable tray. Honestly there's allot of acceptable solutions.
Yikes!  So much salt thrown around at each other that it'll make Canada Salt Group feel inferior.
Great switches. I have just installed 50+ of them.
Linus: Look, no work is getting done, I'm gonna have to roll up my sleeves and delegate.   Also Linus: I'm gonna get inside the rackmount cabinet and I want you guys to push me around the warehouse. WHEEEE!!!!
To be honest, at this point Linus should move all the storage and servers to the lab. This server room is much bigger than the old one and can hold 2-3 or maybe even 4 racks. That is much more than the tiny closet in the old place where he no longer have space for anything.  Another good idea might be to put the "current wannack" server in the old place  and the backups here for the "1 backup off site" of 1,2,3-backup plan.
nothing more annoying than a toddler interrupting while adults work
Just wait till Dan busts out the moose tranquilizers, that's when the party really starts.
Linus: We need to pay for that rack. Dan: We already did. Linus: You know what I mean, we're going to turn this into a video. Dan: <Internal sigh of pain> You're going to "help" aren't you?
Jakes passive aggressiveness towards Linus was amazingly funny LOL
Being a network engineer, I'd kill to work for you and all that sweet equipment  🥲
Jake AKA LTT Kermit.
Dammit Linus, when your UPS kept going off I ran around my house checking UPSs are pins my house lol😂
I wouldn't be surprised if couple decades from now ltt could has taken over quite a chunk of market share from aws, gcp, azure
This video resonated so much with me. From Gary looking like my favorites colleagues, to Linus travelling inside the rack (not that I EVER did that.......) to cage nuts... I HATE cage nuts SO. MUCH.
💸💸💸💸💸💸
I've usually gotten a tool for the caged nuts with the rack.  A basic one made of a strip of steel, but effective enough, and there are better ones.  Not to say the rack studs aren't an improvement, but the caged nuts don't have to be that bad.
I feel your pian I've pulled and terminated over 400 200' cables today alone; my hands are killing me lol.
I call.... bullshit.... BULL...... they we're just playing with wires.
It looks fun to boss your boss around.
There’s a tool for the rack nuts 😂
Dan, Jake and Linus make a solid "That'll do." But for jank Alex, David and Tynan are kings, maybe add Kyle into the mix.
RackStuds are great, for a few RU of deployment. We pulled our entire supply out of our racks and went back to cage nuts and screws. The threading of the plastic female connectors strips REALLY easy.
Pardon me, but CAT 6a UTP is a bit scary. Don't complain if at some point Crosstalk f*cks the networking (or tests within) up royally.  Yes I am one of those "CAT 7 only" cultists. Fight me.
Cheers to the editors. Good job.
2:59 I love how brilliantly deadpan Gary is here 😂
At sixteen minutes, I'm screaming at my screen saying it is SOOO disorganised... The labelling should be device (switch) and port (possibly vlan).. any errors etc have that info attached so beyond that "human readable" is just an unknown to me (ie device + port = human readable).
‘It’s natures bucket’ Easily the best line ever 🤪
It's like watching a group of bobs trying to do something.
Jesus Christ, Linus acts like such a man child. I can’t imagine how frustrating it is for Jake and Dan to try get shit done
Linus my dude! I see your arms are getting a bit thicker? You been workin out?
I want full video of Dan cleaning this crap
10G to each device individually. Not all at once.
What a boring video.
I had to stop at the 12m mark - this is not the way to do this job, but they know that and it makes for a fun video.  Also, cage nut pry tool - about $5 Linus - save your finger nails.
Like my comment if your not a Hater❤
love watching you guys putting cables manament together love watch you put things together do more looking forward to watching more
15:59 I love how suddenly this happens XD
👌👌😘😘
am i the only one that finds Jake to be really annoying lol
Buy a cage nut tool. They make cage nuts not awful. I still like rack studs tho.
Dan is awesome! I love seeing him in videos.
"Colton's my manager, I'm just your bitch"  Please put Dan in every video he's willing to do. Don't miss a single opportunity.
Theres a tool for it its like 5 dollars.
Soooo funny, More Jake and Dan please!!!!
Linus I have a question is there a way to plug in and external gpu or give an Xbox x the power of a newer gpu?
More videos like this please!!!
I love videos like this! First off it's hilarious and then it's actually informative. When you guys are doing stuff either at work or in your house those videos are the most interesting IMO.
dan is great!
My anxiety about those cables ugh
I don't care if people bitch about this style. I love this content.
and here I thought I was the only one that would say, I was drunk while working on something with a boss near by lol
I've been in the IT field for many years and one of the worst network cabinets I've ever seen in my life was at a Lowes.  I had a ticket for a secondary switch that went down over the weekend at this Lowes. The replacement was sent to the location and I unpacked it thinking it wouldn't give me such an major issue. Boy, when I opened the door, cables exploded everywhere. The cables was so badly tangled that I almost started to cry,lol. I had to keep one switch up while replacing the other(done during business hours), but it seemed impossible.   I had to label one cable after another and hope that when I disconnected the switch, it would be easy to snap in the correct cables back into the replacement. Switches typically had 24 ports if it was cisco. But no, the cables from the primary switch was blocking the defective one. Imagine trying to squeeze out a switch that was literally almost the width of the cabinet, no wiggle room. I honestly don't remember how I completed the ticket. I think I blacked out when I got home.   I've seen some of the worst network cabinets at major retail stores and banks and somehow I don't see how those places function with such a messy set up. Some network set ups were so antiquated, replacements or parts that worked were hard to come by. Nothing new, just refurbished and possibly breaking down soon as you leave, or, hell, dead on arrive(DOA). Ugh....   A few years later, I changed my career and became a software engineer. I refused to go back into that nightmare of being an On-call Break-fix Field Tech.
This trio is the best hosting combo that this channel can possibly field I’m terms of sheer entertainment.
They make tools to install cage nuts, no need to destroy fingers/finger nails.  Have used them for many years.
This video felt like when I was in college working on a project last minute
Dan is such a Dan... This is coming from a Dan
Linus really needs to invest in a gym for some of his employees...
I was about to make a comment about buying stackable switches like Cisco catalyst stuff when you have that many switches in one rack but then I remembered how much my last invoice was on ordering like 6 switches and yeah… LTT probably doesn’t need to spend that much more.
I love that Dan has been there long enough that he is comfortable picking on Linus
I know I'm an odd duck in the context of your audience (not into gaming hardware so much as just cool tech stuff) but I actually like your vloggy stuff better than the actual content.
It's like watching Michael Scott in the Warehouse
This was painful to watch.....
This is a new Dan. A rebellious Dan. I like it.
Jake Dan and Linus amazing banter , can’t wait for a scrap yard team war
imagine dans actually just drunk all the time lmao
i have to get cds and a serial cable just to put data on my compaq deskpro 2000
I have used at least 3 different tools to insert cage nuts that DONT wreck your fingernails.   I dont quite understand anyone who tries to do it by hand and then complains that it hurts.   Dont get me wrong, the rack-studs are cool, but regular cage nuts (good ones at least) are fine too.  Also when racking switches ALWAYS put in the bottom screws first.  This forces the tortion load of the switch to be pressed into the rack rather than pushed out away from the rack, and makes things SO much easier.
I LIKE GARY hahhahahah  and dan and jake working with linus all together is just the perfect CHAOS
4:13 oh my, that REM reference was beautiful!
So much cringe.
as a network engineer, i can't emphasize just how truly awesome RakStuds are. I literally have hundreds of them around so i never have to deal with old school rack nuts
I just need this up coming pay check and the next one I am getting a screw driver , I thought I’d get one for Christmas so I’m sorry I didn’t order 😂
I was fully expecting the server enclosure to fall over with linus inside.
Linus “Michael Scott” Sebastian.
Linus' pain = Views So follow the formula lmao
Nice
Hey Linus, they make cage nut tools to make it easier to put in cage nuts. Might be worth the investment... hint hint.
5:33 me after my loved one puts me in a Chasity cage.
I absolutely loved this video!!! I love networking and you delivered. Awesome video!!!!!
I need a shirt that says the floor nature's a bucket
Rack solutions makes a tool for cage nuts, it makes the struggle with dealing with them, non existent. The right tool for the job etc. Its basically pliers, but for cage nuts.
Thanks, I needed this today.
6:45 thanks Linus - I had no idea rack studs were a thing. Just broke a fingernail yesterday. These are such a good deal. 8:35 - my workplace was dead set on some ridiculous 48 poe switches from Cisco that are not worth the nearly 5k each.
Back off the rack rails by 6 inch.
Bro was gonna have an aneurism watching Linus Server Rack racing
Did you see Dan's face when Linus rolled up XD 0:27
I got A Grizzly EV charger as well. Weatherproof IP67 rated, and functional in Idaho weather. from -22F to 122F. Cause the wife's car stays outside.
more of this please
3:39 Linus Troll Tips  🤣
Hahaha please do more great things in the most dumb ways i like it
Asbestos! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
At the 8 minute mark.  You guys fucked me up because it was playing in the background for a second.   I thought your ups beeping was something in my house going off and started looking all over for like 60 seconds
“If it doesn’t fit, we hit it”  Excellent employee right there. Give him a raise.
I think we have a future sitcom on our hands here
Can we get another channel called Linus Tech Jank? I love the 'behind the scenes' and production stuff. I don't even care about video cards. I'm here for the office build outs and studio tours.
Dan throwing up the screwdriver ad chance, and Linus totally whiffing it 😛
While Linus is bombastic, Jake is great to bounce off of, but Dan has a very grounded quiet charm. You can tell he is hypercompetent and reliable.
is this video sponsored by adidas? 02:58
Starts off with Linus Cat tips
LOL, Dan and Jake saying "High Five" definitely reminded me of the two old men from Muppets just now
Haters: It's a waste of money! Hobbyist: It's a hobby!
the writers for LTT are second to none. the way they can make a video be so organic but also organized is absolty awesome! not to mention how awesome everyone on the channel is. great videos guys!
This kills me as someone that works with ethernet switch's in a lab environment. Linus Please adjust your racks distances. There should be a top bolt and a bottom bolt on each rail to slide it back for the cable spacing.
I can help, check out my linked in. I'll even bring you a crash cart.
Does that mean your waste time too I think it’s time for an iwatch broski 🤬
Linus 'structured wiring is hard' Tips
Dan needs to be promoted to "Organization Manager", and just be paid to keep Jake and Alex in line with their projects.
get dan outta. here not feeling his attitude!
you had so much fun
I need more of this
That segue, lmao.
"Did I tell you there's a reason I'm on medication" 😆😆😆😆😆😆
Jake needs to #RespectDan more... don't chirp the wholesome man... he looks like he hanging on by a thread
What a hilarious trio. Love Dan's "it's fine" and "you're my boss? get roasted" attitude.
This was hilarious.   Thanks for sharing your bring the boss to work day video.
Hammer, that's commonly called a "Hard Reset" in my shop
As someone that actually has done rebuilds like this, it was pretty painful to watch.  Yes you've gotten better but oof that was rough.
I love the "let's make a video of us causing trouble doing the work we need" And it's great
Kinda surprised Linus would provide his people free EV charging, considering his hatred of batteries.
"Not when you get THAT drunk..." was the only acceptable answer to the assertion that six other people work in that space.
This Vlog is a day in the life of an IT network admin in automotive manufacturing lol
This video was truly enjoying to watch. Keep up the great work!
This is the best 😂
"I think they're important, I don't know I was probably drunk"
Super comical to watch them argue in 2x speed 🤣🤣
lol b.c. has some good weed eh
Linus, the issue with not having data storage on site isn't going to be a fast enough dish setup... it's going to be having a reliable enough dish setup. The company I worked for many moons ago connected a remote building on the same grounds as one of our major hospitals at the time (the hospital is now a corporate setup.) with a 10 MB microwave setup. At the time, the speed was enough for what they were doing. HOWEVER, every little wind gust and stray pigeon became a headache for the people relying on the setup to do their jobs. Eventually the networking folks just gave up and ran fiber to the building. I know all of this, because I was working in the IT Service Desk at the time, so I was part of the staff that got the calls after every little event that either blocked line of sight or knocked the dishes out of alignment.  Fun Fact: The break area/smoking area for that office building was directly under the microwave link. Remember the pigeons I was talking about? Periodically, staff would be treated to a rain of barbequed pigeon while enjoying their break area.
Love this vid
You should get everything smart on you smart home, like the smart toaster from revolution
Love this content!!
I would love a vlog of expanding your server room in the original HQ. I hate how small that server room is.
This is my fanvorite kind of LTT content, just unscritped pure unadulterated chaos
You guys want a summary of this video? Listen 00:15 🤣👌🏼
Why has no one ever heard of a cage nut tool?!?  The rack studs are super cool though....
This is one of the funniest LTT videos I've seen in a long time.  Other possible titles for the video were "Three Geeks, One Rack Upgrade," or "Linus's Folly, a Tangled Mess of Cables and Unintentional Hilarity..."
I feel for future Dan and others.  We did some of this type of halfass on a few things with a large migration in the data center as some of the pre wired AOC cables failed to work bad batch so temp wires got ran and well temp is never just temp... lol
I’m getting some major this old house vibes
If it doesn't fit, we hit it. My favorite quote.
Install cage nuts onto the rack using flat-tip screwdrivers. Same trick when unistalling them. No need to destroy your fingernails with them.
linus seems like he's slowing spiraling into evil boss psychology
I fucking love these Networking 'vlogs' they are so entertaining to me and I learn much more and it is just pure chaos, I hate networking, but I love networking 😂. I know these videos don't perform as well and you don't do them as often, but Jake, Linus Sometimes Anthony but now Dan, is just so great and entertaining
Future Dan has the most stable/secure employment in all of North America!
This is actually the low-budget TV Drama soap I’ve always wanted.
"200ft 10gig cables, about 90 runs..." "You're going to use contractors, right?" "That one?" [beat] "Probably."  These guys crack me up XD
If it doesn't fit....we hit it.....explains all those missing interns.
Linus I feel you. I work  Networking in warehouse environments and the nightmare of  moving equipment to a new rack as fast possible looks very similar haha
The chaos was much intense and entertaining lol.
Why don't you just have a contractor bore conduit to the other building and run your own fiber?  I have done it.  If you are on the same property you might not even need to get permits (probably depends on local laws/code)
LOL.... the EV's still run on fossil fuels (although it turns out that oil probably isn't a fossil fuel after all, it's a renewable resource).  As intelligent as you are and you fell for the globull climate crisis hoax?
"don't you know in datacentres they cut fibre" Yeah, actually they cut fibre in a lot of places. I work for a small district power grid where we cut and terminate fibre to run relays
Moar plz
yes we learn something important , being a goofball at work is a great way too make friends and even the big guys isn't serious all the time, as well as proving that Linus is truly a normal guy
This guys confidence in his XS
They make a tool for those stupid cage nuts fyi, they're a lifesaver
Linus: If it fits I sits Me: That’s what she said
Who would've thought that Dan was the real medicine we needed to help bring the ltt family into 2023 with a bang! Thousands of us that's who, we need more Dan and we need him to just be himself!
Dan is becoming one of my favs  love these types of videos guys
lmfao im pretty sure dan is my favorite person at ltt every word out the mans mouth makes me smile uncontrollably
Keep this type of video coming!
More Dan please. Always the best content when Dan is involved.
Also kind of concerned about Jake's health - seriously 😳
I may just be old-fashioned in my youtube preferences, but i honestly prefer these "classic vlog" type of videos, and mostly uncut. It just feels so much more genuine.
Yup this is exactly how a rack transfer goes. I know from experience. 😂
I must admit, I really like the way you value and respect your employees opinions and intelligence. It makes me want to work for you, and I see that in them. Well done.
This trio was incredible!! Loved it
Watching a genuinely likeable, enthusiastic, and well informed tech enthusiast, become a segue schilling corporation has been a sad life lesson.
I hope Dan gets a rise 🤔
I think dan is probably my favorite newish person. i mean he's been there a while, but every time he's on camera, it's like a new fun surprise, lol.
Jake / Dan gold 🤩
how about pay someone to do it
Do away with the patch panels. Plan ahead and just plug directly into the switches. Oh, and the vertical supports in the rack are most likely adjustable. Should have pushed the front supports back a few inches to give you more room to work with and have the door close without pressure.
Dan is best
@16:33 "unique human readable text names" he says. Well is that cable down by your knee U8 or 8n? lol
This is prime content!
Someone buy these kids a Swiffer so they can clean the tops of the switches.
great videos guys, i dont know half of what your network nerds are doing, but it is always a treat to watch you guys problem solve with all of your ridiculous personalities. i fuckin love it
“Linus I want a raise” “Just like I want to raise interest in our sponsor”
Apparently LMG needs a project management software sponsor to give them a free copy so they can plan this stuff rather than do it by the seat of their pants.
It's like you've never heard of cagenut tools.
"not when you're that drunk" I adore Dan's addition to videos
I like Dan videos, and I especially like Linus, Jake, and Dan videos
Dan the Chad
my anxiety increases every time the UPS beeps...
how do i show you my gaming setup?
Networking videos are best videos!!
So the real question is, how many WAPs do you really need?
Ok now I’m going to have to check out those infinite cables cat6 patch cables and rack studs because I didn’t know they held 300lbs
Linus' anguish sustains me.
Hammers are like underwear, I've never been in a situation where I regretted having some on hand.
Chatsworth has cage nuts called "Click-Nuts" They are awesome compared to standard cage nuts.
needs more asbestos
Watching linus videos is like watching a 24x7 repeat of fail videos.
In the first 15 seconds I saw SEVENTEEN $500+ motherboards, so I'll be leaving salt-ily without finishing the video.
Tips from a senior network engineer: Use 1RU 48port high density patch panels all mounted at top of rack. Label panels individually so jack labels are either A1 for panel A jack 1, or 1-1 etc. Rack all switches below leaving space between panels and switches so you can always install more panels and actually access them without the switches in the way. Also let's you replace switches without removing existing ones. Props for using 28ga patch cables. Use vertical wire managers. Only use horizontals to route cables from adjacent racks in which case one at the top and one in the middle of the racks.
19:50 Those cabinets are adjustable so the switches can be further back from the door so you aren't squashing the cables...
"if it doesn't fit, we hit it" 😏
Keep in mind Jake, he paid for it....
These people cant make all their money from Youtube alone.
Thanks as always sharing these insider things, I love how you guys can make content out of your own business processes
I love Dan's sense of humor. Never change, Dan. Never change.
That rack is triggering so bad. Only LTT could make a fresh install look like it's been through 10 network revisions. Where's the documentation, where's the cable idents?! Argh!
Those videos I love the most
If you can't find Linus handy, you'll at least find him handsome.
Damn, Dan the man is one funny guy.
Why do I feel like I'm watching an episode of The Office?
Gotta give credit that he click baits him admitting he was wrong
unifi hardware is probably the worst
5:57  Anybody think to just move the caster wheels?
dan, the most valuable employee of the year
Linus: Why do you need hammer for? Staff: ... concussive maintenance. Somewhere of in the distance Jeremy Clarkson is proud.
"Did I tell you there's a reason I'm on medication?"  I feel like this one quote summarizes everything about what it's like to deal with Linus when he's at his maximum dumbass.
Takes me back to my time as an intern at cisco, super nostalgic!
I'm still waiting for Linus to build a NAS thats just the size of a building
Those three could be the next legit TopGear
Dan sounds just like Jordan Peterson.
can you build micro super computer with lots of raspberry pi 4 clustered...?
Jake, go on a diet pls man. You look great, but are really at a unhealthy point.
The world needs more Garys!
I vote we get rid of Jake. :)
I understand you want to save some money and create content. But you should considwr getting a professional network engineer to validate all that and perform a good cable management.
Dan has really brought some great humor and levity to LTT (beyond what they had). And has some really great insights for product reviews when he does Shortcircuit
That is why they are I.T. that is all i am going to say.
As a former network/sysadmin, this video gives me anxiety.  But now I don't do that anymore, so I'm grateful my life has changed.
Who is the football fanatic that has those big posters with marcelo and more on the wall?
Why is watching this feel like an episode of The Office XD
Use a flathead screwdriver on cage nuts...
This is the best type of content on this channel,  by far.
Imagine………that you work for Linus……😂
now buy me a 2k dollar pc
The S.S. Linus needs a brig. And the short king needs to be the first inmate.
LTT is like factorio. We're not here for the end result but instead the faffing around trying to get everything working bit. Therefore LTT MUST keep expanding. Goals are temporary, faffing is forever.
"if it doesn't fit, we hit it." What a legend. Definitely got the LMG spirit.
I read „washing my money“ 💀
"And Dan spent all night long cable managing" - the end narration.
Linus could just use a cage nut tool and install them in 1 second lol
More Dan please!
New concept: Rack Wars! Joust those backups to safety! :P
I’m glad there are actual football fans in the building 😅
I love this style of video with a cool looking huge project and simple vlogging
These kind of videos are therapeutic to us IT/Low Voltage nerds. Thank you for this. :)
looks like a black box job to me
This episode needs to be sponsored by Patchbox. And fast.
Watching people who rarely use cage nuts complain about cage nuts because they don't have the correct tool....
LMG HR: And how could this accident have been avoided?
i keep wonder how much electricity those guys are gonna pay when this is done lol
Your logo makes me hungry
If it doesn't fit, we hit it... LOL
I empathize with Dan. I feel like he would've made this perfect and organized, and then... Jake and Linus happened
I really like these more ore less random videos. It feels good to see behind the curtains (or at least inside the server cabinet)
They do have tools for installing and removing cage nuts, but I have to agree the nylon ones are way easier.
You took down the network without an RFC or ECAB?!?
Boy would I enjoy running your fiber in that building
I miss the days I used to do them things
my guys belly has a gravitational pull. Double Ds require a bra.
Big ups fpr this video all around, chaos, great editing chaos footage and hilarious staff members.
You'll find those plastic cage nuts are worse. If you wait long enough hahaha
Absolutely love the humor of LTT videos. Thnx team!
Look into Coolbot as a cheap affordable HVAC start point. I have used them for server rooms, walk-in refer Units and Meat Curing chambers...Sorry...Food Technie.
Linus is like that cat that just won't get out of your bag while you're packing for a trip
Linus loves WAP (wireless access points)
Can we get a soundbite of Jake saying "Cage Nuts Suck"
Where you got this custom rack?
What's with the Adidas soccer wall? From previous residents or does your team over there just love them?
Now that was a most entertaining 22min video.
This is hilarious. I hope we will see more videos of this style
We switched our racks over to rack studs a couple years ago.  They're so awesome.  We'll never go back.
are you considering getting solar too, lol, have fun
Cage nuts were designed by Satan; there is no other possibility.
TBF, it really does look like they have gotten better at handling their network. In spite of the unnecessary chaos for moving things from one rack to another, it looks like they've come a very long way. It's good that they know how long each run is and they have things labeled and it looks like they had a map too. Credit where credit is due, they are learning and making progress. They have come a very long way from their early networking videos.  Networking is a skill unto itself that is a very different beast from what most people are used to with servers and PCs. Getting access to the materials to learn the fundamentals is easy enough, but it takes years of experience to really get good at designing/implementing/and managing complex computer networks at work. They still have a long way to go based on what I'm seeing here, but it's still way better than before.
I guess I'm getting old... the sarcasm is over the top. I think I've outgrown the team videos!
"it's nature's bucket" had me actually laughing out loud
Always a pleasure to see Dan :)
Dis you spend over 10k because if you did I could have got you a small network switch for 7k with 100gb
"air fiber dishes on the roof" yeah okay Mr. Bushwacker Linus
"The floor is nature's bucket."  Deep truths.
Dan future-proofing his job one Future Dan Task at a time.
Linus describing the massive bundle of unpatched cables after a cabinet cleanup is so spot on!   Loved watching this, lots of flashbacks to when I used to do things like this in my day job. Kinda miss it, but also glad amazon are now the ones taking care of it all for me! :D
Videos like this just make me want to ask what possible position could one get to work there
'Asbestos!'  'nooo...'  LOL.  Also more Dan please!
They do make a special tool that makes rack nuts a breeze. I use them at my homelab because I've had the nylon studs fail.
I didn't know LTT made such colorful  pasketti 😅🤣 Anyway awesome vlog boys cheers
Dan talking about being drunk at work makes me feel like hes done work in the trades at some point.
Dan HAS to host more videos
I laughed so hard at Linus being told the 24 port patch panels are on the floor .
You guys should move all servers to this room and build a 2x100+ Gbit link between the buildings. You know, make it nice for once.
$5 utility knife for $15? Shame
How come they have the need to change the server room every other episode
Someone needs to put Linus back on his ADHD meds lol
EV vehicles are more toxic than regular vehicles
I think Linus is a cat... sitting where he shouldn't, dropping things all the time... "If i fits i sits" he even said it!!! Petition to rename the channel to Cat Linus Tips.
2:55 hope that was a joke becuase mallets exist
Watching this as I'm unboxing my completely blacked out LTT Screwdriver. Honestly I know there's a TON of first party hype around it and they are totally right about how good it is! Seriously, I have a Canadian made Rolgear driver and this several times nicer than that.
*_0/10 TITLE._* They're just installing a network rack
I’m disappointed that you guys didn’t censor Jake saying, God D*****…. That’s definitely something that should be censored.  It’s very offensive.
Pivot!
Poor Jake was so distracted fixing Linus' house that he couldn't work on the lab
Wtf do you need any of this for
LINUS is soooo frustrating sometimes... But at the same time...  He is the only one that has a sense of fun in him
The post-cleanup harvest of cables just shows how successful your business was over the last few years. It's like interest, but VGA!
Outside of Anthony, Dan is the best. Though I guess that would make Dan the 2nd best, but only due to no one is better than Anthony.
Loving the new 3 Stooges lol
Seeing footballers pictures on a Ltt wall is a crossover I thought would never happen
do you remember when in the 90's babies had a seat in shopping carts, well linus in the server rack gave me the same feeling
Amazing! A server room video featuring Dan!
This trio honestly rivals James may Richard hammons and Jeremy clarkson
Those Ubiquiti NVRs are brutal by the way please be careful with them. They use cheapo chinese USBs for the OS that hit their read/write limit just after the warranty period. I would get Jake to pre-emptively install a new USB, and the OS reflashes itself to it automatically. Feel free to take a look at Ubiquiti forums if you dont believe me :p
Dan with the zingers. Give that man an oscar
Linus have so much sponsor, i think his wife is also sponsored 🤣👍
Dan has turned into such a great LTT video personality!
Next time buy a wider closet with a 19" frame with offset so you have room for cablemanagemnt on the side's
12:15 Loving the Canadian Larry, Moe, and Curly reboot.
The next LTX exhibit: Rack Racing
How about just use the insertion and removal tool for cage nuts ?
Wasting our money not his money cause youtube pays him with the time we spend watching youtube ads...
So I live in Florida. And I can hear the buffers of whatever device you have doing 100G to 1G in the other closet screaming from here. Will be packet loss city one day. If it isn't already. Bursts man.
shave the beard Linus
Gary's hammer tips
Honestly these are my favorite type of videos
Cage nuts were always a pain, until I finally realised what the random piece of metal that came with some of the cabinets was for and how to use it.   Once I figured out the cage nut tool, it was no problem putting them in. Getting them out was trickier, more due to the fact they'd go flying off somewhere half the time.
Dan is pretty much every production guy I have met. "We will get it working and make it look pretty later." Yes, function before form. More Dan please
Move the front rails back a bit! Aaah!
Question LTT - what do you use in logistics as software for management? Seems to be quite good.
was linus trying out his new wagey cage?
Oh my god jake and linus are a married couple
"If it doesn't fil we hit it". I LOVE that. I absolutely and madly LOVE that
More Gary plz
I thought your goal was to clear the whole lab 😅
A 2 post rack with vertical cable managers is always neater than a 4 post cabinet.
Who needs a Dream Wall when THIS is a dreamwall?
Dan is not in logistics anymore...  Is that a promotion or a demotion? XD
HEY! I just bought 4 of those Ubiquiti's for our main office! 48 port PoE+. I love those switches! I did not know about the AR ability though OMG! I have to try that next time I am at the office (I work remotely now). I love that I can login to my app and keep an eye on my network remotely really easily. They connect well with my AP's and they pick each other up really well when you uplink them. Freaking love it! I am glad you are using them too.   Edit: I have the cheaper 48 port PoE switches. I should have known you guys would have the ENT versions with 100Gbps Uplinks. Mine are the $600 variants with the two 10Gbps Sfp ports. I have them connected via multimode fiber uplinks. Very efficient. They work well with our Meraki Firewall. Meraki is nice, the last IT guy got them. I would prefer Sonicwall to be honest however, but the Cisco Meraki works well with the remote setup I have going. Anyway, love ya'lls stuff!
Uh Linus. Those things are meant to be empty when they are moved.
I think Dan is my latest favorite person 🤣
"We are going to have to disconnect the internet... should i let them know?" "NAH"  As a network engineer , this is the most Network IT guy thing i have ever heard and i feel personally attacked 🤣
@2:52 and it was at this point, I knew that Gary fit in just right with the extended LTT family.
can you explain your internet package from isp to us linus?
Got my LTT Screwdriver today … Best screwdriver ever
I like how whoever did the chapters for the video just gave up half way and put "basically just chaos", kinda feel like thats whole vibe with LTT labs.
Yayyy, we come along for the ride.
WE NEED MORE DAN!!!
Ive got Dans work éthics drink untill ur done at 5
these behind the scenes vids is why I stay around, this content can't be found anywhere else.
Did anyone else pause the video to be sure that THEIR PERSONAL UPS wasn't dying?!
18:40  Linus looking like Logan from the side profile.
I love this kind of videos you make!!!
Typical spaghetti. Love it.
Linus: “why do you guys need a hammer?” Gary: “if it doesn’t fit, we hit it”  Linus: “……”
Dan is slowly becoming my favorite LMG employee
Sandals? Bruh where the fuck are your steel toe caps
Dan working while drunk paints such a glorious picture
These guys make my 20 year old friends seem super mature at times XD
PIVOT....PIVOT
He Might Be Linus
I wish I worked for linus Cause I love tech
The Floor = Nature's Bucket
Glad to see Ubiquiti in use. They're great!
Maybe you could throw in some disaster recovery and store duplicate data on a box in the warehouse.
Have LTT never seen the cage nut tool? Such a simple tool that makes cage nut installation and removal very easy. Just a pressed cut and bent piece of metal. Probably costs pennies.
linus' energy in this was so fun and adorable tbh edit: at least until the latter half lmao
It took 3 minutes? For an OSHA violation to occur?  😅
Yo LTT, your staffing expansion is problematic for me. You now have too many people I enjoy seeing on camera.
Linus the the incarnation of Michael Scott
This was great. I'd happily watch Jake and Dan organize all that and make it neat. I feel like we only get videos that go up to a certain point and we never get the finished product. It's always, "We're waiting for X to arrive or get finished." Getting that last bit where everything comes together would be satisfying, although I'm not sure how many other people would watch that kind of thing.
Dan's work ethic is incredible
that slow pan over to Jake @18:10 was fucking savage
slimrun Cat6a cables are the way
OSHA hates this man...Jk, he's in Canada
Linus dicking around for an hour Jake throws a bit of plastic onto the switch Linus " wHaT aRe U doINg JaKe?"
Can't wait for the tell all book 10 years from now on how Linus media empire was bankrupted by lax attitudes and apathy. Calling it.
Classic Vlogs like these are my favorite videos. I always want more
Surprised Linus isn't running duplicate NAS servers in the labs building; as a backup for all the data on the various NAS systems housed in the main LTT building using something like rsync to only push changes to the labs NAS. As it's a completely separate building, it would still be on the same WAN but in the case of catastrophic failure in the main building such as a fire, you'd still have a local copy of the data to work with.
"If it doesn't fit we hit it" that sounds like a very Linus thing to say lol
This was one of the funniest episodes. Love it
Dan: Asbestos! Linus: No-
Dan is quickly becoming one of my favorite personalities on LTT.
You should have moved your switch rails back so that you will have room for cables. Now your fiber and maybe copper cables will break 🙄
This video right here, just absolutely amazing
high five!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yesssss
Dan is my spirit animal.
I love this jankienes xD
And by roll up his sleeves and get things back on track, he means "Make Dan and Jake fix it."
the Dan and Jake chaos is gold.
They make a tool for installing and removing cage nuts.
Yay for "Stand"! It was actually a very good Mike Mills, Linus!
The pan to Jake when he said “but it never does” 😂😂😂
The Office in an alternative universe.
I don't know why but from all the staff I feel like Jake would be the one to start a coup.
these are the best videos. i miss them.
I've seen thousands of miles of fiber that had been removed from the raised floor that had been cut over the years. Jake is not wrong.
3:15 You know things are bad when it's Jake that has to be the adult and reign in Linus.
Gary: True Engineer. Simplest solution is often the best. Hammer.
Is your 100Gbps in the closet binary or non? 🥴🤪
Only Linus tech tips could make profit on setting up an office
i wonder if linus is actually the boss sometimes
Jake is infuriating
i love my secret lab chair but i have been waiting 3 months for parts for mine because they are out of stock, im kinda annoyed about that
"Should I let them know?" Linus, you never let them know when the internet goes out in that manner
There is a plier to install rack nuts... Geesh, I used to stuff millions (really) of those nuts in a workshift :D noobz You guys are really the worst I would have in a datacenter, FFS, everyone fired. :D
Cage nuts sucks. Man knows a lot about nuts.
Dan’s “could’ve fooled me” had me on the floor.
W REM song choice.
I Got a tittle overwhelmed watching this since I may have to do something like thins when I finally land a position in IT. Hopefully if I have to setup a server room I will be amazing at it!
This is what it feels like to work with linus
Nobody at LTT has heard of a cage nut tool before apparently
I love this video
Amazing Linus ended up being the grown up in the room 🤣🤣🤣
I don’t know why I love these videos. Not sarcasm
You mentioned AirFiber dishes...I thought the lab had the 100Gbps fiber link through the woods?
There is so mich negativity in this video. I don't like it.
Freaking top notch editing on this. I loved the Dan-do-it-later counter throughout the episode.
Hahahaha, you guys man...
Y'all should've filmed this like a 3 stooges episode.  Linus is Moe, Dan is Larry and Jake is Curly
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" had me instantly saying "I feel that" out loud
The pure chaos energy between Linus, Dan, and Jake is just so perfect.
maybe call GN for some tips.... tech tips
I love these videos and the home reno. videos the most.
Nowadays, if it's racked, I personally start reaching for a netbox instance almost immediately. Actually having proper documentation is a godsend, especially when you start getting up into four-digit port counts.
DAN thne MAN
you know.. this is the first sponsor of yours I've actually had any type of opinion on.  I love pdq inventory and pdq deploy... if smartdeploy is as good as those tools.. I'm already a fan! Linux, get a damn tool for the racknuts... they're like a buck.  You drop millions on freaking infrastructure... wont buy a cheap tool to help add and remove your racknuts in seconds...  Penny wise man, pound foolish.
Linus has to be one of the best bosses in the world.
“Colton is your manager” is just code for “you’re fired”
Love these server vlogs 👍👍
"Asbestos" "Noo-" *video end*  Top tier editing, whoever did that one deserves a beer after work
I love the camera pan to Jake LOL. This is just chaos. 18:07
13:25 the dual "hi-five" from Dan and Jake kills me
I would love to work there
13:00 Jake's finally done it and caused Linus to meltdown!
Just noticed..50% of the video is labelled as "basically just chaos" and that is beautiful
Gary 100% understands real world IT solutions. The hammer may not come out on jobsite, but it's readily available at all times.  Last resort solution!
the unison on the high five was the epitome of chaos
I dread to think what would have happened if it was dennis helping jake and dan out and not linus
You need a baller CRAC to cool your server room.  I only have moderate hearing loss from the ones in the data center I used to run.
What are they doing in that huge place? Testing rocket engines?
Also, Imagine talking to your boss the way Jake does. Bro of course Linus is gonna stand there and ask questions, he's paying YOU to work and answer them.
Are you making  cortana?
It isn’t free EV charging. You are paying for it.
Dan is a legend, proper funny dry humour!! i think we need to see the warehouse contractor work too!!
This is what you can say “boys will be boys” to
That was hilarious. Both Dan and Linus had their own preference of organising and Jake's like; "IDGAF". Also, Dan is an absolute TREASURE and must be protected at all costs!
The first five mins of this are like watching a workers comp claim unfold in real-time
As an IT professional, I agree rack nuts suck but that was a poor attempt to put them in. Love the content, you guys always put a smile on my face.
I've worked in a networking lab and Linus isn't kidding the cage nuts are the absolutely suck ass, we even had a specialized tool for em and still horrible.
So Dan, how would you describe working on a video with Linus? Dan: 0:28
Dan with the arm cannons!
Jake is such an ass... He's attitude is unpleasant. He might know a thing or two, but his attitude and demeanor is makes me want to turn off video.  Dan on the other hand is so awesome! His sense of humor and timing is so perfect. And his attitude is always so welcoming and warm.
Dan just killing it!... when you are drunk.. love it xD
I have a rack but nut with the square hole for a cage nut, they are round and need clip nut... I use M5 rivnut instead...and it's perfect
13:22 - Linus drops a thing
Watching Linus and his employees do tasks around their office is like watching the office.
You already had a market nearly cornered, why are you attempting to move onto another lol?
I love that the vid didn't land and stay on floatplane.🤩🤩💖💖 Also.. make jake wear a bra I don't wanna see his nipples 🤮🤮 or make it mandatory for your female hosts to not wear a bra! 😤😤 😛😛🙈🙈 I'm joking for the 2nd part of the sentence, obviously! but if you got a B-Cup as a man then just wear a man-bra imho
I LOVE how Linus tries to help, but they don't let him doing much. Lmao
If it doesn't fit, we hit it
Dan is a legend. Must be the booze :D
I hope...no I am sure my own Rackination will be much less...linus-y.
You need local server storage with syncing to the main location.
3:35 The Michael Scott of Canadia xD
Dan is an absolute gem.  I enjoy every video he’s in.
Wait, so you went with air fiber or that giant cable you ran through the woods?
Could you imagine this mess, with using multiple VLANS for different device types?
hire union contractors.
This "classic VLOG" is better than every sitcom! It's informative and hillarious!!
Linus walks into the room like "I'm here to f**k s**t yup!" Dan and Jake just contemplate their life decisions.
5:55 why is Dan crying?
Handy....more like handsy lol the terror in Jake's eyes when linus is touching stuff is great
I really think we need to see more Dan in this channel
this is the sort of content i like from you guys.
#DeezCageNuts LOL
"I actually like doing it- yourrrre the joke"
At 18:10 Jake just looks like an unimpressed dad when you send him something to look at on his phone.
When the company CEO is the biggest health and safety nightmare in the company. Or province.
This video honestly hurts my head
Dan missed an opportunity to say pivot 😏
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" Someone's gunning for a promotion!
I didn't understand anything other than 19:09 - 19:11
"I can't read my writing" - "You can't ready your writing? What?" "I don't know, I was probably drunk"  15:05 I love Dan
15:10 Dan is my spirit animal
I can't wait to see their asbestos noise isolation episode! 🤣
This is great! Love it!
These network/server/NAS videos are the best! I keep rewatching them over and over. Keep making more of them, please!
"Linus at the Lab" is the new "kid in a candy shop"
Jake is on some shit, and I'm here for it
Did not watch. Too much jake
Connection wise it would be better to plug all switches into the main switch instead of connecting them each with the one below.
I actually really like these Server Room stuff Videos.
u guys are sooooo bad, this doesn't qualify as cablep***n
Poor camera guy tryna capture the chaos
Lmaoo I’m dying when you promoted the knife 😂
I absolutely love these videos linus and crew these videos are absolutely amazing use the computer guys that have learnt how to multitask just like a PC
We do not cut fibers in data centers.
They make a cage nut tool for like $30.
Cage nuts use a flat head screwdriver easy as
Hint-> use vertical Mounting Rails or Cable Management Rails
Rack studs are great - been using them for 6 years....
The floor is my new favorite LTT character
The Meraki my school just bought was about £5000. Doesn't have AR AFAIK.
I work in a data center. We use cage nuts daily. You need a cage nut puller. There are multiple kinds out there, that make it about 100x better and easier. I do not trust those rack studs at all compared to a bolt or screw with a cage nut.
It's not an LTT video if 1/3 of it isn't "Basically just chaos"
"If it doesn't fit we hit it."  Words to live by.
oh. my. god. I would rather cut off my hand than to hand over this mess to a customer
The chaotic energy throughout the entire video is just perfect 😂
I love Dan more and more.
I love how enthusiastic LTT are over some basic networking. So adorable.
Dan:"Asbestos!" Linus: "NO!"  Editor:"aand we will cut him off right there!!"
Linus' ADHD is in full tilt this whole video and I love it. XD
At least it was fun.
"if it doesn't fit, we hit it" that guy knows
Feels like Jake tried to get as much work done as possible before linus showed up, and went, "assemble the rack..over there...in the corner. And be quiet."
1:42 Flipper knife user detected!
I predicted the team meeting blow up just before this video given Linus intro
I actually super love this chaotic format Thanks for keeping me entertained losers
It's gross ur using Ubiquity....
the LTT crew is full of IT crackheads
I was thinking about the lab earlier and poof a video!
Linus: "What do you guys need hammers for?" Labs: "If it doesn't fit, we hit it" I see they learned from the boss
I'm still surprised the switches are only mounted by their front side. How fine they don't bend the rack?
We have a saying in Australia that when someone isn't doing anything they are called a "Council Worker"... Yep that's Linus for ya 🤔🤣👌
the cable salad part hurt me . . . hysterical laughrer out of panic.
when did LTT turn into shitty reality tv? miss the old format
Oh geez that orange rack. It looks hideous lol.
Yes more Dan!!!
linus reminds me of Alvin from the chipmunks
How many 10GbE runs do we need for the warehouse? Linus: Yes
I hope Dan's new position is a significant upgrade in pay and fun responsibilities. He's awesome. Good to see more of him.
Logistics should be called the Special Ops Team. Change my mind.
i liked the uncut ones better. these always feel...scrubbed.
now this is the sort of videos you should bring like you used to do so much fun to watch. easy to relate to
moving day vlog vibes, minus a break in and spilled mnms
As a professional IT infrastructure manager this give me anxiety lol
Linus you were committing quite a few safety violations in the server rack. Could’ve caused lacerations, bone injuries, perhaps even severed fingers…
You guys need to a complete roasting video! With everyone none stop roasting each other! That would be epic! My bet is Jake will win! LOL
I love these "Vlog"-Type Videos so much. Really brings me back to the earlier LTT days.
I have no Idea what I just spent +20 minutes on
Cage nut tools well keep you from murdering your fingers... Just saying.
I like Gary
When in doubt hit it out!
Through even the hardest times, there's Dan to help around
This was a lot of fun to watch actually.
Yeahhh! Love the EV charging addition!
Holy this is the funniest shit. What a team of chaotic energy, but also brains. Love it!
you have that much editors ? holy sh!t !
Is that the WAN show guy? And I'm not on about linus 😆
"Colton's my manager, I'm just your b***h" 😂
Does Linus not know about cage nut tools.  APC makes the best one I have ever used and it come free with the racks or cage nut packs.  I also just found the racksolutions tool, have not tried it yet but they also say Ubiquiti cages nut suck. i.e not compatible with their tool.
i don't really understand the title/thumbnail in relation to the video, but the video was nice xD
Love those Tech Vlogs, even then its just Jake and Dan playing with cables. Even those videos have value for me
guys! Hear me out, I think Jake has become sentient!
0:30 Dan's face 😂
Dan is becoming ever more adversarial against Linus, during Wan as well, I like it, but it's a different vibe from other staff
3:18 can we appreciate Dan bringing the gun show to work for a sec?
I dont know linus. The floor is pretty useful.
A love Dan's controlled chaos. I would love to see a project done by Alex and Dan together. :D
The next Lab tour will be "oh hey, that did Dan, and that did Dan, and that also did Dan, ooh hey, DAN, why isn't this done?" xD
I didn't think I'd heard these two words starting with A during this video; asbestos and alcohol.
that was hilarious
Dan must be the most tolerant man in Canada. i would have cussed out my boss about joyriding a server rack the second he complained about any other kind of safety measure being violated.
13:29 don't forget Linus, you hired them!
real question.... Did Linus even do anything? Because Dan and Jake Babysat Linus and did all the work.
We actually DON'T cut fiber in most datacenters. Cutting fiber is sacrilege
There is a special tool for cage nuts!!! Get the right tool! 😊
Nice build! :)  PS. That USP should be on separate fire safe area where is proper ventilation (smoke removal). I`ve seen on this caliber USP burned down and that smoke itself is mad..
9:40 🤣🤣
Dan the man
Linus has his employees doing LAYOUTS of their gear 🤣🤣
these are the best ones. i prefer these to the actual reviews
I feel like this video just devolved into Dan's revenge for all the times Linus messed with him in the house renovation videos.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it..."  My man
this trio funnyyyyyyy more plz
today linus learned about osha violations
these are my favorite videos 💚
2:45 Why is Andrew Tate working for Linus !?!??
Cage nuts are fine if you happen to have the correct tool to insert/remove them.
Lol I love those company vlog. I wish I could work there but im on the otherside of the country🥲
I love watching Linus in a server room, add Jake and Dan and it’s even better.
You mean it's the same material as the screwdrive that broke when dropped? :D
Linus talks shit the entire time, gets in the way. love it.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" Linus Media Group Tradition!
6:45 the fumble followed by a delayed drop, you just knew it was coming.
Clickbait
more Dan! More Dan! More Dan!
It can always be worse. I worked with people who literally stalked me and took credit for my networking work. While their own was god awful.
if it doesnt fit hit it lmao
I don't understand this Title, and looks to be massively clickbait! I guess LTT needs clickbait titles now!? Too bad, I guess that day would come some day!
use a tyrap for your cagenuts put the theeted side toward the hook of the cagenut and pull the tyrap. works for me every time 100%
i like this kind of videos without linus shenanigans, any other channel where i can find that.
We want more Dan
I love the establishing shot of Jake with his Macbook and Dan with his Toughbook, it's such a perfect representation of each person.  Edit: If Future Dan hasn't already fixed all of this nonsense, I'd love to get a livestream of him cleaning all of this up.
Asbestos!😋
You wasting your money because it is not pink :(
cage nuts aren't to bad just use the LTT screwdriver to help press them into the mounting hole. I usually use a flat head to help push into the cabinet, but yes they do destroy your hands. (That is how I got most of my scars on my hands)
thank god the zoomed humor stopped around 30 seconds.  I am a zoomer. but zoomed humor isn't a good thing.
hahaha "there's a reason I'm on medication" made me remember that Jake has adhd just like Linus and that totally explains why they're so compatible!
"Not when you get that drunk" https://youtu.be/TzntUW34bv8?t=917 had me actually laughing out loud.
Future Dan is a busy guy it seems
Doesn’t matter if all four of the legs on my PC are touching the desk or can one of them be floating in the air
Future Dan is an asshole and deserves all of the pain current Dan is giving him.
As a network engineer, this video is infuriating to watch. More networking content please.
Yes Linus, what they need is you constantly over their shoulders questioning their every decision, just like a good boss 🤣
The roles are reversed here today, Jake is acting like a responsible dad, and Linus is a crazy kid
Who even buys a 600mm wide rack today, wow!
I like the thinking that the best place to store things is the floor, where is x? the floor.
This is simply a cluster..... give me a job and a week and i would have this sorted out its great content but makes linus look totally incompetent
Why the hack are their football players in the background - especially Thomas Müller???
Linus TrickShots
I don't mind when ltt videos feel more like vlogs. Just 20 minutes of pure personality
Top tier content
Real question: Why is the front set of rails always so close to the door? Surely space at the front is kinda important?
I think you guys need a cable comb . . . LOL
Asbestos!   The floor is natures bin! Classic Dan...
Did nobody explain to them that those switches and patch panels are supposed to go into a telecom rack which is less deep, you know so you can actually reach things? A server rack is fine, but all those switches sticking out is going to be a massive pain to reach with the side panels on.
It's very rare when I comment, but god I love Dan
I don’t know why I want it or where it would go but I want a hot orange server rack
Dan is quickly becoming one of my favorite staff members. He sounds like he is from the states with his sense of humor.
I love how Dan is on camera. He is hilarious. Him and Jake together are hilarious++.
these types of videos are worth 1000 terrible short circuit infomercials, this is why people watch LTT. More of this, less shitty sponsored product coverage that's too afraid to make legitimate criticism.
The hammer bit was flawless.
Linus, wth, why are you forcing people to use stand up workstations??? NOONE really likes them, except irritated bosses trying to make money by wasting money. Linus! Dude your smart. Start thinking a bit more and stop making people do dumb tangential  operations to save resources.  (Extra work to save work because. 1+1 work units clearly = 1.8 production units at Linus house when he takes control) Have you paid for widows yet Linus? You know someone worked to make it, and needs to get payed too. Not just you Linus.
02:250 ANTHONY'S LAW OF FORCE     Don't force it; get a larger hammer. -or- LOWERY'S LAW:  If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway
Very easy to see what your strong suits are; watching you guys outfit the rack is amusing, but from a professional standpoint, it is excruciating to watch :)
Dan is like me, set the plan and get to work dealing with issues as they come up.
3 hour early gang here! How ya doin? I wish i had your inventory, i love to build pc's but there is only so much you can do with two computer builds, i am gonna save up for 365 days so i can afforrd building a new nbuild and this new build i want to build is a build i have not done since the beginning of this millennium, a pure AMD build.
I want Dan
What the hell!! Cable management is not not your thing really!!
Dan is my weird crush fr
Well Linus now Dan has a video to watch in the future to remember what he needs to do lol
3 ppl are to much to do work xd
Rackstuds suck so much, they get rather brittle in datacenter environments. I've had so many fail either right away or months later when just looking at them during maintenance. I hope they work better for you in the long term.
PLEASE move those cabinet vertical rails back so you're not destroying the cables with the cabinet door... 😢
This was legitimately hilarious. More of the Dan/Jake/Linus trio please
It's like watching the Three Stooges except they're not dumb but they actually are dumb.
i need more videos with you guys rebuilding mdf`s its always fuunny
Does it really count as haters when they were correct?
Network and Security engineer here. That Rack sucks as network rack.  You should always opt for the 800mm instead of the 600mm width when taking network cabling seriously
i thought they had a cable running to the other office, why using airfiber now ?
Linus, there's never a plan to tell us about your sponsor. 🤣
Wow! Talk about muscle memory. The alarms went off at around 19:38 and I actually started to jump up out of my chair to see what was going on with my equipment. I haven't had to do that since at least 2007.
Of fk - Dan could water his humour in the desert - holy fk, cant wait what future Dan is up to
Jake and Linus fight like a married couple and I love it
I love the fact there is just a random wall with Adidas sponsored footballers
19:55 - _"Once the rack is closed..."_  At one of my previous jobs, the rack must remain closed or the whole building dropped it's internet connection... Didn't work there long, for obvious reasons...
I enjoy the chaotic vibe in this video. It reminds me of when I had to pull down my pants to get spanked with the end of an electrical cord. Usually it belonged to the iron, but on a bad day it was the blenders.
I enjoy their vlogs.
I hate the Rack Studs, they all sag compared to traditional cage nuts and it drives me crazy
Me : Ah a 22 minute rack build. Eh not my stuff but I'll watch awhile.  22 minutes later   Me : This video is too short.   I don't know how LMG does it, but their VLOG style videos always keep me entertained. Like their moving day vlogs.
I used to think it would be awesome to work at LMG, but seeing more of Linus' behavior lately, I think I'd lose my mind.
Linus: Wait what the hell do you guys need hammers for?  Gary: If it doesnt fit, we hit it. 2:51 😂😂
NAPPA LEATHER! THE OFFICIAL LEATHER OFF UFC!
I think the real bottleneck about getting these stuff done is Linus 😂
I saw they att fiber guy strip the cable at my house. It was about the size of a human hair. He used Linus’s strippers to do it(just kidding about the strippers lol) Gig upload and downloads is banana’s It’s kind of over kill, but a nice luxury item for watching YouTube videos lol
linus is annoying af
looks like you need a small night shift team to run cables, set up areas, etc.
More vids like this one please!
I cried!
LIFE HACK OF THE DAY: For the Cage Nut, cut off a Optics Fiber Pincer in half and use one half to pull the Nut trough the hole. Or just use a small flat head screwdriver to push it into place.
I'm probably the only person who got the REM reference because I'm 40 years old :(
I love these videos, especially those with Dan in them.
in 5 years, let me know the cost to replace the ev batteries...
Asbestos!
As someone that does this sort of stuff on a semi-regular basis, I both love and hate the chaos in this video, Great work guys!
(Dan, you can always blame ANYTHING on the twisted relationship that is Linus and Jake) ;)
Ah the memories. Having to re-rack an entire server room, on your own, out of hours, and you get to the end and just hope everything is connected correctly. Never gets old
This is one heck of a video and as somebody who knows something about networking I think the networking at the test lab is great. Seeing what you are about to build there makes me very interested to see how it will look like when totally done. I also felt the collective cringe from the whole networking community when you did the cable management at the end of the video. I think Future Dan has his work cut out. And it won't be an easy task...........
it would appear that David is the only sane one there.
These types of videos are genuinely fun to watch
figure out where the closest to the controller chip itself ethernet ports focus on those for high speed / blend the rest out not all on one cluster .....noise....
I would love to see more of this
0:16 HAHA get Feckin roasted love 🤣
Three monkey's humping a football (US).
Yeah Dan, its your fault Linus and Jake have a F:ed up relationship
Dan stans, unite
Shoutout to Emily for the great editing!!!
I'm sure a contractor appreciates that segue.
I *so* do not miss the days of building IPX/SPX networks over coax and BNC...
so you are saying all those ads we see is for nothing ? Benjhamin Linus.-
Dan is probably one of the best recent hires for LTT, He seems to be very versatile and have good work ethics.
6:50 don't use your fingers, use a flathead. if you push with a flathead, you can install hundreds without destroying your fingers.
I'm loving this video
This is f'cking GOLD.  MOAR NOW PLEASE.
Sometimes I pretend to understand what they are talking about
What is this stupid title? :')
They gave a generous 11 second clip time showing Linus "helps".
love these kinds of videos! more please!
I know nothing about computers, so can someone explain why they blurred the ethernet cable port in the video?
Great Video!
Rj45 straight in to switch should help with ping and latency
Strangely enough - entertaining  <3
Is Linus high?
And the runner-up for clickbait title of the year goes to…
If these guys were doing this work on one of my jobs, they would get sent home early. Its painful to watch the multitude of mistakes they made. #1 is not moving the front rails back a few inches before they installed the equipment and panels. #2 The cable management.
Dan is definitely my new favorite LTT employee.
monetizing boring monotenous tasks for your channel is 10/10 use of brain
That was amazing.      Asbestos!
Buy a Ubiquiti Switch Enterprise XG 24: https://geni.us/LUeO  Buy a Ubiquiti Switch Enterprise 48 PoE: https://geni.us/41RFE2 Buy a Ubiquiti Unifi Switch Flex: https://geni.us/JxZYn   Buy a Mikrotik 100GbE Network Switch: https://geni.us/nAIpkH  Shop Rackstuds: https://geni.us/lHqB44  Buy Ultra-Thin Cat6a Patch Cables from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/2SfCf Buy a 24-Port CAT6A Patch Panel from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/X3haw Buy Bulk CAT6A Cable from InfiniteCables: https://lmg.gg/kM9HN Buy an Eaton 9PXM UPS: https://lmg.gg/3FzhY  Purchases made through some store links may provide some compensation to Linus Media Group.
You need gridfinity.
This is probably the most passive aggressive episode to date 😂
The pan to jake at 18:11 😂
MORE!!!!
Dan is my spirit animal
uhh the cage nut tool is a thing...
Called speed nuts
That’s not just a hammer. That’s friskars 22oz (metric system never put a man on the moon so zip it) framing hammer. IT’s probably one of the best no frills hammers you can buy.
LTT need to do a PC case with Noctua.
Let's be honest, we all need more Dans. He's the chill, thorough person we all need so at least one person does the documentation :'D
2:55 glad to see Gary meshing so well already
I laughed the whole video... well played.
I want to see it when it is done.....
Interrupting their labs internet kills me. This is a literal use case for an a/b swap. I'm now also wondering if they have any change management in any area that isn't Floatplane.
Does it matter which rack studs you use?  I've used purple and red, they both fit my rack fine
Is Linus slowly morphing into Michael Scott?
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" works all the time
Boring. You've been losing me for a while now and it's getting hard to even start videos at this point. Before I get hate from fanboys just think about how some youtubers have 3-5 channels so this can go in the hardcore fans channel not for the average viewers who don't have time for it. Just saying I still would like to watch sometimes and if I didn't think my feedback might  help I would just unsub and give up.
you get a like just for dans slide out of frame at end segway. frickin class bud.
This trio is fantastic
Eeewww lead acid LTT too poor for lifepo4?
How is Jake in shorts in JANUARY???? 🤯
What hard drives are being used for their NVR Pro?
Unifi rack studs are really good quality steel ... which ironically makes them suck.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit"  Words to go by
Only ltt can make organizing entertainment
I feel like I'm weird but I really like doing this work. I really hope that I'll eventually transition into a network admin position. Until then I have my home lab!
6:50 or use pliers like everyone else.
That little "Staaaaand in the place where you work!" From Linus unlocked a hidden memory of me and my dad on long car trips when I was 5, listening to all his music like R.E.M. The Clash and Stuff Little Fingers... Good times
we need more filler videos like these, surprisingly entertaining
I just love the Dan, Jake and Linus combo!
linus being in the rack filled me with joy
Jake and Dan.. .just stop it! My day job atm is AV onsite maintenance technician and I see enough stupidity around cable management, how racks are set up and managed to get really angry at anyone who makes someone else job harder when they don't care... I hope most of this is just joking around, but seriously... don't :D
As somone who professionally works in datacenters, your wireing methods made me cringe allot  but it was very enjoyable to watch in the end.   More please.
8:40 im dead
I love the lower effort vlog videos just hanging out with the crew doing things...  It is surprisingly satisfying just seeing a big project get worked on.
This video is just the best for entertainment. Well done Dan, Jake, & Linus
As someone who builds in these racks every day y'all are giving me anxiety :D
Nature's bucket got me
"colton's my manager, im just your bitch" - Dan
this is the "old stuff you once did" that I love to see again. its not the high quality videos with professional scrips and so on, its this that I want to see at least every once in a while
"Should I let them know? " Feels like sarcasm now... Yea that's right, ive seen the last few times that happened
This channel needs more Dan 🤣
It's crazy to see the role reversal of Jake and Linus from just a few years ago. Jake is now the one rolling his eyes and the things Linus does 🤣
This felt like hanging out with my older brother and his friends; barely following what's going on, but everyone is funny as fuck.
I love how Dan was just quiet until addressed or saw an opportunity to insult Linus.
Gary was the right person for the labs... if it doesn't fit. Hit it and hit it again until it fits
When your boss shows up.........run
Sometimes I just listen to LTT while driving and rn it just sounds like a modern day 3 Stooges blowing through my speakers.
Dan is fucking hilarious.
Dear God, WTF. So much bickering, you three sound like you're in a love triangle gone wrong, or like you're married.
"what is this creepy place" New test lab: 😭
Working for (and with) Linus seems like the best career choice ever. It would be my dream job. But, I'm vastly underqualified to do what they do.
Best LTT Video Ever kkkkkkkk
For the Cagenuts..... Use a screw that fits inside the thread... push one side (top or bottom / Right or left ) in and Squeeze from the other side with a screwdriver to slide them in  completely .... i do that stuff everyday... 1-2 seconds per CAgenut :) You welcome !
I love the soccer wallpaper leftover from adidas 😅, had a good laugh
lol...Linus is trying to be Michael Scott
Hey Linus can you create a custom board that is a custom and upgradable ssd using micro SD cards the challenge will be making it affordable
Linus: "What do these guys need a hammer for?"  I believe the technical term is "percussive maintenance".
Does that make them haters if they where right?
More sysadmin Jake!!!
moooreeee vlooogs
3:52.............TFW the boss is a bigger child than you are...............
Linus needs to hire a nutritionist and life coach to annoy his staff into eating better.
surprised they used Rackstuds instead of /dev/mounts by patchbox.
Honestly these vlogs make me weirdly sort of feel invested in the labs progress and success.
linus mobil
4:08 Pictured: "Helping"
"i like working two jobs" 🤣🤣
Come with ME, and you'll Be, in a world of OHSA Violations!
2:45 i thought andrew tate was in jail?........
For the love of all that is holy use a cage nut tool to save your poor fingers 😂 I’ve lost so much blood and skin to cage nuts over the years before I found out about them!
Please god my soul needs to be set free by vicariously experiencing a followup on this room after it's been fully organized. I work at a university and will never see a properly organized network closet again.
5:47 is Linus doing a Stewie Griffin here? Wasn't there a cutaway where he said that?
0:34 you can just see the fear in everyone's eyes as linus walks in
this feels like an office episode
should've got verkada sponsorship for cams
One of the best vids ! Love those lab videos
WE WANT MORE DAN!!! WE LIKE COMPUTERS
The band sings "Stand" also sings "Orange Crush". lol
"air fibre" 😉
new series / channel coming from LTT : Jake & Dan What's the plan?!
"including our wirless access points"  So that was a fucking lie.
for some reason this gave me moving vlog vibes... and I love it lol
15:26 "Not when you get that drunk" pure GOLD
The three stooges build a network rack.
"Colton's my manager i'm just your bitch"
My god! when Linus closed the door of the rack at the end... I felt the fibers and twinax crying... :D :D
I'm gone say it again this place is fuking huge
We definitely need more Dan in the LTT videos
I would've quit. Bless y'alls patience. Except his. lol
I hope there is a way to secure that window you guys are gonna rip out. That would totally be insecure to just have a window ac unit between the outside and your server room :s
im not a hater.. but you are definitely wasting your money
I want to see more of these kinda videos 😂 it is hilarious to watch hahah
DAN THE MAN. He is becoming more and more fun to watch
Yes, the three of you together should be illegal.  That was great.
best video by faaar
Yolo linus network development. 10/10 recommend that chaos style with do it later seasoning
Did anyone else think this video was going to be about him switching all his servers to Linux?
When I was younger I used to watch LTT for lets say technical intel but these day I feel more like watchin' The Office (US) with Linus being Michael Scott xdd
Encore!!
13:26 I love how they go for synchronized high fives after linus drops a thing.
I love Dan's energy. This whole video is amazing!
The banter is enjoyable
Am I the only one who really wants Linus to take a tour of a U.S. cybersecurity lab? I want to see what civilians are missing out on.
£1000 for a chair from secret lab? Or just upgrade my whole pc ……. Hmm
I am watching this in horror, I worked for years for a company making industrial computers and rack mounted systems, I would have been shot doing what you are doing, the chaos is insane. Cage nuts are simple once you know the screwdriver trick, I coulc fit every thing in 10 minutes real time.
This is giving me PTSD from my old job of building out IDF's and Server Rooms
Dan is the best! haha super funny little comments
flipping cowboys
“Napa leather, the official leather of the UFC…” I miss that show already 😢
Jake: Wow you're wearing sandals?  Geez Jake...haven't you been paying attention?!
Dan is an absolute treasure.
When even the cameras have 10 gig ethernet
I love this video, the networking setup and y'all are funny working together.
These networking and server room videos with everything going crazy are my favourite LTT videos
That first cantilevered device being held by the nylon devices is NOT in shear. The 300+ pound shear load would be if a full length device is mounted with only direct shear - and 300 pounds isnt even really that much. THOSE fasteners in that application are in tension and compression, a force in which they will be MUCH weaker!
Oh Canadians
Wow. Hope things get better.
Can you guys do a review on PATCHBOX? I think you'd enjoy their stuff
I still can’t get over the random Thomas Müller watching you from the wall.
Dans the hero😂😂
Gary's face after he says "if it doesn't fit, we hit it"   That is comedy gold.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" - Gary.  I like Gary lol
Must be nice to be CEO of your own company and goof off.
Holy heck this was not the right video to watch after a hard day at work
Favorite kind of content. Always.
red dragon is making power supply units now, any plans to make a video on those?
Does anyone else have a blacklist of people that never gets to go into the Server Room?
so prefer this kinda style
Im only at the ad  . . .  Three days later
I honestly dont even understand most the things you're trying to do there and how this could make profit. Do you ask companies to test their products? Dont they do it by themselves already? I even saw YouTubers, who engineered machines to test if Samsung's guarantee of how much times you can open & close folds before it comes to issues but the only money they do from it is views. 😅  In my opinion of a less complicated thinker I would just keep doing your regular videos like Alex trying to cool something in really special ways, inviting other youtubers to build their setup with and such things. Maybe even this Van-Podcast but Im not really watching it tbh. 😬 Too much talk, not much showing/doing and the topics are boring for me (personal) but thats your own choice... Im a bit afraid that your lab-hobby there overtakes the upload a bit. I watched some vlogs, where you explain things like keyboard-testing but only because of boredom at home - ngl... 😅   I mean if you think you can make money by doing what companies already do to make promises like 12 bio key-presses before something breaks, then fine: I wish good luck - honestly! 🙏🏻 I hope it just doesnt burn down your money and the channel 😬
More of this❤ I live these videos
Love this kind of content!
This feels like the one day the owner works and makes a big deal about it
If you guys work like this all the time, how does anything at LMG get accomplished?
Dan is Lovely
as someone that uses cage nuts everyday they're not that bad with the right tools
12:35 Remember how Linus was wearing real shoes all summer long, when they worked on his new house?  Now it’s winter in Canada, his house has progressed a lot and he starts wearing sandals and socks again, so everything is getting back to normal now 😅
Linus doing his best Michael Scott impression
18:03 "You throw your cables around and hope it attracts a lady, and it never does "points camera at Jake".
O H M Y G O D seeing the boys work i felt right at home the only thing missing is beers and duct tapes.
why does dan look like he's constantly going to burst out crying whilst also saying "it's fine, i got this." 🤣
EATON 9PX, EBM and transformers are awesome
No idea how this video will perform but I really like this style of videos.
Would absolutely love a video of Dan just organizing this room. Full length minimum effort in terms of editing. Basicky just a still camera and Dan🤩
When your boss is actually a child with waaaayyy too much money XD
"If it dont fit, we hit it" Give that man a raise!
As a boss I would lose sleep knowing that throwing good parts on the floor was the only thing my employees got enthusiastic about.
These videos are always gold, and we dont mind this kind of content
cage nuts are a piece of cake …. Every data centre uses them. Don’t get the hate. Just don’t have the right tools that make using them so simple and easy
Hehe, the look on Dan's face in the beginning was almost saying: "Please leave and let us work by ourselves" 🤣
Chage nuts are fiddely to work with, but I don't get why most people refuse to use chage-nut pincers.
That patch rat's nest is bringing back some PTSD. And I don't mean that in a haha way. I literally got mildly nauseous seeing them fight with that and remembering many years ago doing that, during an outage, at roughly 2am. Knowing I had to get it figured out in a couple of hours. Mine was larger and was several bundles. All somehow got like that long before I arrived. I asked the same questions, "How does this even get like this?". Ugh! Gives me shudders to think about it.
The way they install the cage nuts make me cringe. There's a proper way, you know!
I want to work here.  lol
13:25 my favorite Highfive ever, played it back 10 times or so. Perfect Harmony.
This is entertainment gold! I can watch you guys all day long 😂😂😂
Is Linus secretly Michael Scott???
That is the worst new cab install I've ever seen 😆 can tell when the IT GUYS do the data install 😆
16:05 If it's for the AR, they might be trackers to help the 3d images align itself properly in the video stream.
there should be a warning for people who have ocd
You know there is a cage nut tool..... right? Adam Hall 19" Parts 565 XTOOL
90 lans runs = contractors?  bruh linus u looking for a hardware/network engineer ??? 90 is nothing by hand hell im fiber certified too !
im not a hater im a lover
I remember many years ago watching LTT when they were in the house/ office, to see how much this company has grown is beautiful, quality content always, i love what you guys are doing and wish you all the best in future endevours, stay safe and stay blessed LTT TEAM 😄❤
This video could be so much more interesting if Linus wasn't there covering up any meaningful information with pointless bullshit.
more of videos like that pleease
Pleas More and More beautiful cable managment videos... ^^ :P I wanna see that rig better wired!!!
I understand nothing about networkinh but I'd really like to do all this cable management. In the end it should look beautiful! Am I insane?
"They're nylon, bro, nylon's indestructable. Or so the marketing says."  Would be handy if LTT had a lab to verify marketing claims
Jake is both Linus boyfriend and dad at the same time.
we want more Dan
Dan: " I don't know. I was probably drunk".  I was laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes!  😂😂😂
Dan is the goat. I love these networking videos
Did I miss something? I thought they ran that fiber cable from the other office to the new one? Why did they abandon that?
18:03 zoom to Jake was hilarious and mean haha
u guys know that there's a tool to pull thos rack-nuts lips through?
Best LTT video i've watched
I live for chaos
Would not install Unifi network stuff for all the tea in China. Had it for about 8 months about 2.5 years ago. 3 months OK, then the rest was hell. Put back my older Cisco and all was well.
You need just 2 more sidepanels to keep Linus inside and some chains would be awesome too.
lol "if it doesnt fit we hit it."
Jake gives off the older big brother that stands in the corner at events with a drink in one hand taking the piss out the whole family vibes, in every video and he's great
seeing that server room all cleaned up is very gratifying.  great video.
PDQ? now that is a name I have not heard in a long time!
I will forever remember "the floor is natures bucket"
Gary is the GOAT
I love videos like these!
As much as I love every LTT channel… the hipster is strong in this vid. 😅
I never expected to see Jake as the adult in the room... 😂
i love these kinds of videos, and dan is really GREAT!
i dont get the point of the video still wasting money
More of Dan/Jake & Linus please - absolute chaos and meme gold
Please more classic vlogs. Reminded me of old moving vlogs
Liked the video just because of the Pjanic poster 👍⚽
It would be unfortunate if you lost money on this rack installing investment. At least taxes will e light, if that was the plan
These are some of my favorite videos to watch and rewatch because of the sheer amount of everyone just having a good time doing their job. It shows just how much LTT's staff is more or less like family
when calculating float for LTT's projects, we have to specifically put in an extra day for "tomfoolery."  note: change "tomfoolery" to "youtube content."
they were using the wrong word... the were saying "rotate" instead of "pivot"... only those who know, know.
More of this, I beg of you! This is SO fun and interesting to watch!
Jake is hilarious
Jake, Linus, and Dan putting things together should be a series, I could watch this forever
If you edited this video differently, this could EASILY be a The Office episode. That and a "that's what she said" each time they put "rack" in a sentence. 😁
Man Gary is my kind of guy "if it doesn't fit we hit it" me to brother me too
16:02 - Linus is a pirate! ARRRGH!
This thumbnail feels like a clickbait a little.
15:25 that was a terrible time to take a drink legitimately spit-taked
Linus always talking  about paying for things, two reminders sir. You make money cus we watch and suport. Your employes work with you, it's everyone hard work moneys.
4:34 pivoooooot!
The claw hammer is probably the most important tool they own.
4:54 Linus: "I'm gay, hold on"
Love the vlogs
Linus midlife Crisis.,. Uhm noo just linus
These are my FAVORITE LMG video's. Linus, Jake and Dan doing network/server stuff and just bickering for 20 minutes. More of this please! :D
holy crap how big of a space do you need to make a ‘youtube channel’ ???????  don’t go to big linus…you know what happened to your last ‘employer’…..like how many people do you have working for you?? it’s getting crazy…….. you used to have a small team witch everybody knew by name….now i only still recognise a couple of people….
Next to Dennis. Dan is quickly becoming one of my favorite members to watch. I love the 3 of you together. This was a very fun video. More of this pls!
Horrible rack, no room for cable management on the sides, the switches are mounted too close to the front door, fibers and other cables might be damaged. Nice color though...
You guys should consider installing a backup server. It has the advantage of using local network resources to do something like hourly or sooner backups (replication or something like that) and if something happens to the primary server, allows to either run off the backup server over the air fiber, setting up temporary work stations in the building the backup server is in, or even moving the backup server to the main building to replace the main server. Its not a off site backup (it would be more like a semi-onsite backup) but it would allow for rapid recovery in the event something goes wrong with the main server.
I love how Dan's voice sounds like a single unending sarcasm...
Pivot, pivot, PIVOT!
Linus please give us a concrete floor resurfacing video.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" - made me lol
I want to work here just as a cable organizer
This video is super infuriating.
I'm not really sure what's going on but it's hilarious, please continue.
What do you do for business? Obviously you don't need all this stuff to make YT videos. And, are there that many of your viewers looking for a $700-$1000+ chair?
That knife looks like the one I bought at HFT
I really hope a lot of this is scripted, seems like alot of wasted man power to get this done. Especially doing it twice since they gotta do it again later.
"if it doesnt fit, we hit it" Perfect
Do ppl really pay for overpriced items from the LTT store?
16:19 "the floor is natures bucket" i'm using that lmao
Please no more shaking camera shoots and pointing into nothing of interest.
I love dan.
Never gonna be on r/cableporn, sorry. Also, what happened to the fibre run through the hedges between the offices?
I'd love to see it when it's all organized and neat
8:52 dear god… he’s evolving…
I absolutely love watching videos with Dan in them!!! 😭
"Basically just chaos"
Dan weeping in the background is a mood.
Can we get a gfm going to buy Jake some bigger shirts? Preferably ones that say "the floor is nature's bucket"?
As a sys / network engineer this is pure pain. You know there’s a tool for cage nuts..
Looks like fun. I would have done it for free.
More Dan please! updates on his work is networking pornography
I've been using rack nuts for a year now, and they are the best :D
What even is jake and dans job now, i thought dan was just logistics and jake was a writer
“Ok, if it fits I sits” - Linus Sebastian
I've cleaned up a few Network closets in my lifetime. This though I would be asking for a straitjacket within 15 minutes!!!!!
Jake gains 10lbs between each video.
i dont know networking and servers. i do know faster internet speed is better. Despite that, this video was hilarious. 10/10
Hello? I would Love to see more of Dan pleasee
All your cable management is now on the wrong side of the cabinet. Should have put PDUs where they belong.
I used to do rack and stack when I first started in IT. There are tricks to get the rack nuts in. They should come with a tool that makes it less painful.
13:29 best moment
Such lovely chaos.
love Dan
If you are not going to have any full length servers in that rack, you should adjust it to move the front posts back further to give more room for cabling in the front, most of the time they are adjustable...easier usually to do when the rack is empty though. Unless the rack does not offer it but yeah. Coming from a professional IT background, sometimes watching these videos is so painful hahaha.
I wouldn't recommend not putting storage there. it is infuriating if you have measurements running and dumping to a far away server on a flaky connection
best work of LTT  editing
These are more fun to watch
How in the world do Dan and Jake know so much about everything??  I'm so jealous they work somewhere so fun.
hot take. id suck a golf ball out of a garden hose to work for linus.
Actually a great vid. Felt like an episode of The Office kinda xD
they are censoring 'bitch' now? .. annoying
15:44 Nahh, you need them.
5:17 Literally every IT guy
Dan is, by far, my favorite LTT personality
10/10 cast this video, remarkable
Love how everyone is caled a 'hater' because they disagree with what you're doing.  Deal with it, you've made yourself a public figure.  On purpose.
Dan is the LTT Swiss Army Knife.
Linus: "You guys are infuriating" Dan: "But we get things done" 🤣
Can we get Dan to read us bedtime stories?
“Did I tell you there was a reason I’m on medication?” 😂😂
idont know about you guys but i was so hopefully waiting for a sound reverb some times tech is too much for my expectations
This is more chaos than most networking videos. And that is saying quite a bit
I love Dan so much. <3
I love the chaos
Unlike most workplaces, productivity at LMG goes down when the boss shows up to check on his employees 😂
You know who else wasted their money. Our sponsor!  (2x skip)
LADDER. RACK.
Im not a h8r, actually i love the channel. But being honest, it is all about wasting money. Buying the most cutting edge hardware that we all dream of but can never afford is always going to be a waste of money. In a year or two its all obsolete or you can have the same performance for far less cash. But, be honest ppl, whos gonna watch a channel about 2, 3 yo hardware lol Keep wating all the money we wish we could burn Linus!
Hahahahaha now THIS is quality reality TV.
He’s just a “pro gamer”
Love the Thomas Müller poster!
Must've been a slow writing day but I guess it worked out ok 😂
This video is just soo idk I like it, this random vlog I love it
Q: How helpful is your boss LInus a building up the Lab?   A: He has a great singing voice.😙🎶
Why do you have all those employees, what are they doing?
4:35 Pivot! Pivot! PIVOT!
This was great the mix of the 3 is gold. I demand for my screwdrived i am waiting for <3
Really excited for this new episode of the office
I liked the part "Linus Helps" but "Basically just chaos" took over...
The rails in the front should probably have been adjusted backwards a bit. This way the switches will be further from the door and won't bend/break fiber patch cords, etc. Also, I see those SFP -> RJ45 -> RJ45 -> SFP setups used for some of the switch-switch links... They do make shorty DAC cables ya know ;-)
Does Jake and Dan have a show together? if not they should!
Jake and linus are like a married couple
Videos like this are definitely some of your most entertaining content.
Dan is low key my favorite LTT employee haha.
A Youtube channel about technology "wasting" money? What kind of example does this set for the people watching? FOR SHAME!  Seriously though, that's the whole point of most technology purchases isn't it?
3:58 Pronto Sebastian? S🅱️innala
Who the hell installs cage nuts with their fingers??
linus bring that Chum Lee energy
Dan’s Drunk Tips
Gary W
That was fun
The three stooges.
outsource your ads genuis for profit
i love the energy between these 3, also dan is hilarious i wanna see more of him on the channel
Wow, who do you guys know at ubiquiti that you were able to procure switches and cameras?  What kinds of favors do you have to do for that?
At the beginning of this video Linus was so proud of the floor.   By the end of this video, I'm pretty sure Linus has a newfound vengeance against the floor.
this just brings pain
I don't know what I expected, but somehow, it wasn't an episode of The Office. I am not disappointed.
Honestly? I much more enjoy this type of classic vlog video then a LTT video with some far fetched premise. I loved watching all the server room videos you did in the past.
this combo is magic ...moar plez
Dan and jake have a chronic case of Tom foolery
Linus at his most annoying.
Dan makes me think of a taller Jeff Geerling :D
Asbestos LMAO!
Weren't you retiring?
Poor little Asics if you plan on putting the switches to full forwarding capacity.
This trio is LTT peak performance
More videos with you guys!
The floor. It's nature's bucket.
God what a low effort shit video. I only hope Linus reads this comment, this was a lazy waste of your audience's time.
PLEASE show it when organisted 😃
I keep waiting for Linus to run off and disappear into a blue box. Go back in time and tell past Linus it's bigger on the inside.
LOL, I snorted at the "Natures bucket" comment.
I would imagine you would have given 1600 usd for a 1600 usd switch
This video = Working at LTT when Linus forgot to take his morning ADHD medication dose.
I watch this and go, how many OSHA violations
Is this a LTT video or a The Office episode i can't tell
Less than 5 minutes in and Daddy Jake is already tired of his sons shenanigans. You know it will be good.
..... thoes cage nuts generally come with a little metal J looking thing for putting them in and out of the racks x.x but i guess someone dropped it...
Just make sure your contractors us quickbooks....lol
Lol
OSHA would have a heart attack watching this video
can someone make a dan playlist please.
Dan is epic
Isn't HVAC kinda a waste in a server room in Canada?
*this video monetized by Athens, Inc. (REM claimed the “Stand” portion.) 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
When you realize that Linus from LTT and is the incarnation of Michael from The office 😶. They event have the same voice!!!!!🤯
Stayed for the tools knolled, stayed longer for the REM reference
Best video in a little while.  More please.
Back in the 20th I remember coming into the corporate office as an intern to help build out the company's first actual server/network room. It was my first job with a real bonafide IT team. It was neat, learned a lot.
3:44 Cringe manchild
I love Dan in videos!
I think Dan is amazing. I also like that he is sort of now working in Jakes realm of one off projects and mission critical situations. Fun.
I freaking love Dan. Any chance you can sub-let him to me to do my boat wiring? Cheers!
How often do you get to say you pushed your boss around a warehouse in a server rack.
linus is probably the one that derailed the train
Man, Imagine a band called the rack studs
Only me that absolute loves the segways to the sponsors?
I am always right so thanks.
I demand a cable management video!
Man, Linus has a nice rack.
Rack noobs 😜 Use a small flathead screwdriver, put one side of the nuts cage in, screwdriver pushes other side in hole. No more killed fingernails. Tadaaa.
My favorite kind of LTT vid
When labs website will be up. At least give us some estimation
Dude, if you just get a cage nut tool they're really not that bad. Also watching you guys do this kind of hurts.
1:25 but its jerrys knife???
2:52 Linus is the last person that should act shocked when told what the hammer is used for
Jake and dan had me in stitches brilliant 🙂
Watching Jake and Linus interact is like watching a new version of Laurel and Hardy. I'm entertained.
Videos like this are what LTT has been lacking for a while
Is Linus shrinking?
“You’re using the rack as a holding thing?, I woulda just used the floor”  -Dan   Had me blurt out laughing. 15 mins in  Thanks LTT
0:26 Yeah, You.   Pfft, you're only going to put it into even more disarray.   Just hand Jake, Anthony and Dan the keys to LMG already. The three of them combined have the wit and knowhow to best you in everything.
Yeah, you're real handy.....like Bob Vila.  Bob had Norm, and you have Jake.  Yes, Jake is the tech equivalent of Norm Abrams.
My favorite LTT videos are the home/office renovation (:
When the big wigs come down
damn.. so much fun in this video!
And the Canadians legalised smoking "Weed"
Linus needs a no fuss manager to keep these guys on track - or at least get their task assignments defined and written down.   At the moment the whole thing is interrupt driven
linus is a nagging wife. lmao. Still my dude though
is this filmed right after the gamer drink short circuit?
Could have been a waste of time. But there is nothing wrong with contractors doing it?
love me some dan
7:00 am i the only one who googled "cage nut tool"? srsly? If there is a problem there is always some tool for it. I am baffled you guys never read IT catalogue.
We didn't get to see if it worked!!!
- this is me when I'm functioning well - oh, could've fooled me
Lol Linus has turned into Michael Scott
Cage nuts - use flat head screwdrivers.  Saves your nails AND fingers!
Dan's sign-off line is God-tier. "Asbestos!" 🤣🤣🤣
acttualy prety funny
1:28 bro the JerryRig knife is an inferior product lacking in features to the Milwaukee Fastback Compact which can be flicked open one handed with a low friction bearing. Why should I buy a knife that requires way more force to open? It's cheaper as well lmaooo
Literally 1 of my favorite LTT videos right here. You can script and pre do content only so far, but this kind of comedy interaction between you all is gold dust. Infra buildouts, company tech problems, real life stuff coupled with this dynamic is perfect.
4:15 ahhhh good taste linus, R.E.M classic
It's amazing y'all get anything done with Linus around. He gets baked and then "helps". lol
He should have just said "Pivot".. instead of "rotate" at the door with rack !😂
i love vlogs lol especially server vlogs
poor dan
how often do you guys go off script?
Three Stooges/Whack-A-Mole/Keystone Cops/Jackass mashed...
Sometimes I wonder if LTT's insurance companies watch these videos.
Still wondering why Linus slaps the top bolts 1st on rack mounts ...
Good old racking and stacking. This and fibre splicing was my job 15 years ago. Nostalgia.  While cage nuts are crap there is a very simple lever tool so you don't destroy your fingers.  Edit: OK - reached the end of the video. This rack wouldn't pass inspection in my line of work. That cable management is garbage 😁
As a solo Professional that just got done moving a half a $billion eCommerce company to another building with zero downtime, this hurt so much watching....
After this video Dan deserves either a promotion or to be fired. I'm not sure which.
Did the fiber Optic Cable from 'Everyone said this was impossible' survive?
I really love the three of them doing stuff. The editors and camera-operators are still the MVPs of every video!
LINUS FLY ME OUT MAN ILL GIVE YOU A MONTH OF LABOR FREE JUST TOMEET THE CREW
One of the best western Manzai duos out there.
Love when you Guys Upgrade your Servers. Have to make sure the core upgrades to the central ecosystem system has been updated.
great video, so many bangers lately, keep it going
3:48 some people take medication so others don't have to lmao
Dan will do it later - LTT 2023  Dan: I can't read my writing Also Dan: Idk I was probably drunk  I might have a theory about a few issues you guys are facing..
@9:14 The Three IT Stooges
Is it weird that I miss this stuff since moving my sysadmin career to the cloud?
I love this behind the scenes stuff
This video title is a new shameful low for the company...
Linus is so small hehe
Dan, Jake and Linus are the James, Hammond and May we all deserve.
2:04 Lol. To the Test Station, are you proud of that Linus? LMAO
Next time Linus make a server room is gonna be his house instead, while he sleeps in the small room, on the floor.
I get the feeling I'm really gonna like Gary. His blunt and dry sense of humor with a smile is great. Lol
This is honestly one of dumbest videos I have watched recently. We have all had that asshole boss that comes in during the middle of a project only to fucked things up and confuse everything. That’s what is occurring here.
"Raknarok"
Some storage being at the new site would be nice in case of catastrophic fire or such, too.
Linus really likes working with burly blonde men huh?
the excited highfives at 13:30 are such a vibe
Every episode with Dan is a treat
This was so entertaining to watch😂
can we go back a bit in the sim and have me be born in canada so i can work there?   every video like this makes me a little more jealous
"Its nature's bucket!"  so damn good
More vlogs thanks
Everything you do scream waste of money.
More of this please
SO. MUCH. COPPER. for so little function
While Rack Studs are pretty slick, there are very simple tools that make installing and removing cage nuts easy (without destroying your fingernails).
Love these videos!
Dan is legitimately my favourite member of the team, his sense of humour is immaculate and I'm glad he's getting more comfortable in videos
Genuine question: What is the benefit of using the enterprise 2.5gig switches just for cameras? Wouldn’t the 1gig version do the same job?
It's like Linus pays his employees to be friends with him.
dam good thing i don't work for him. Would have told him to get out of there, this is not a child playschool...
This was the most fun video I have watched on this channel is a long time I broke out laughing every few minutes. I absolutely love the organized chaos of the three of them working together.
Most fun I've had watching an LTT video in a long time, Dan's hilarious 😂
nice....
I need more of these videos.
Linus has turned into a cat "if I fits, I sits."
That cable management :D
Bruh jake was holding back a laugh when he did his Segway hhahahahaha
Definitely need more networking equipment related videos with dan
i don't understand most of this techincally but professionally I'm on the same page absolutely
Jake ur on medication cause you're not healthy
"I guess you could say I'm pretty handy..." Suddenly I get it. Linus is slowly turning into Red Green.
get jake and dan to build a pc while drunk
I don't think I've ever laughed this hard at a Linus Tech Tips video before. Dan was on a roll.
We need a dan show!
I want to see Jake and Dan solve a mystery or carry out some sort of covert mission.
Is Dan frim Czech Republic? If he is working and he is drunk he must be from central Europe.
So funny!
Thx Linus for the random REM!
The whole engery there is wonderful to watch o:
The Fabled LTT trio has been found! Their chemistry is a sight to behold, more videos like this!
Ahh yes this looks like college when they were in the process of taking apart one tech center and putting together another. Though they were having some of us the students learn how to do this with what they call hands on experience or free labor. 😂
I really love those videos
LITERALLY THE OFFICE 🤣🤣🤣
I don't think that cable management hole is big enough 😂
3:28 Dang Dan swole af!!
12:58 holy moly. super spaghetti
y'all did this bass ackwards.  patch panels first, THEN switches.  At least you interleaved them so you can use mostly 6 in and 1 ft patch cables.   probably also a future dan task.
3:50 hnnnnnng  I still have a scar and nerve damage on the back of my heel for riding a table cart and putting my foot down to push in the middle have having a back brace nip it.  I cringe when seeing things like this.
This has the veneer and smell of a s*&^ show.
this is like american chopper for nerds
One of my favorite recent LTT videos.  The trio of Linus, Jake, and Dan is hilarious.  Always love vlog style videos.
how exactly do they run a business?
Ubiquity no stacking no buy .  Also err if you are taking the keystones out of that shitty 2u patch panel top feed them before you put them into the new one  Its also a bit cringe to put networking gear in a server rack . You should have a wider network rack with side cable management
If this doesn't represent every IT infrastructure team in every company I don't know what, because I can relate with soooo much, especially with "oh its on the floor somewhere" and "I'll do it later" XDD
still waste of money
Absolutely love these type of videos
I like this kind of vlog video. Please more
I've felt the content has been going downhill for some time - but lately you've turned that right around!  This feels kinda like the beloved moving vlog series 😂
these videos are by far the best you upload. It's entertaining as heck and you kind of learn how things need to be done not to be great from a technical point of view but to just work and do a specific job
Nice rack bro
do an other mvme ssd server with honey badger m.2 crazy fast storage for it
I NEED more Dan, this video was freaking awesome!
I feel sorry for dan and jake having linus get in the way of the workshop setup while we actually wait for comprehensive testing on hardware.
"We don't have any video ideas, and we have some networking work to do." "Grab Linus and a camera!"
You know in old cartoons where you have the barely competent bad guy and he has these two useless comic relief goons following him...?
I have no Idea why those guys are so with eaton ups... I do Service on All Kinds of UPS and eaton is by far the most unlikely UPS I want to work on... only their Extertal Bypass for one Phased UPS is good...
Rack-Racing looks fun AF!!!
More Dan, Less Alex
"This is me when I'm functioning well! Could'ed fool me" Dan is savage
Dan is the absolute best. Guy is a mad lad.
Jake's new boyfriend bullys his ex in 4k.
Fun to see that Linus “real” company gets a proper IT solution
a video for all UI fanboys 😂
love these videos!
3:36 I feel your pain Jake.
Can't wait for the "LTT Rack Race" video.
Get a sponsor for rack studs. They are the best.
Nature's Bucket!  i love it
Cage nuts normally have a tool included with them made out of spring steel. makes them far easier to put in, and keeps your fingers intact.
dude - use a cage nut puller to both insert AND remove cage nuts.  Cmon - each of your engineers should have one or 3 in their LTT backpacks.   #amateurhour
More Dan please!
Waste the money faster Linus! Only partly joking I do appreciate that this company just keeps on barreling along full steam ahead.
Linus doing his best to get  that WAP to work.  I hate that song for ruining WAP.
Now it's tax deductible......
13:12 well... put in the new patch panels and remove a keystone 1:1 and put it into it's new place...?
Linus is just like Michael Scott from The Office (U.S.) lol
Just stand there and ask questions… that’s getting filed for use. Bet it takes less than a week.
It's incredible what you've built there.
Nobody tell Linus about the tool specifically for server rack nuts ;)
I wanna work here soooo bad… need a janitor?
3:44 Okay Linus 😏 Nows a good time to let them finish upp w/o you and circle back 4:14
Dan has some god level jokes lmao
Tell me more of these snacks
I think this is the first time i've laughed out loud while watching a LTT episode, Dan is really funny!
Do those thin patch cables support Poe?
Not only should the editors get props but so should the camera people!
The floor is natures bucket, that got me good
Loved the video. Liked the format, simple and effective. WISH FOR A FINISHED PHOTO THOUGH
This Video, and this Trio is awsome
Great vid per the usual, glad to see things coming along! it's been a fun little journey to follow,  Also we see the IP of your switch/controller in the AR 😅  Kind of surprised y'all use UBNT switching, I get the bang for the buck (and it's unrivaled really for what you are getting) but given the demand of your environment I'd expect something a bit more stable/robust with ACTUAL support options and SLA's. I've been a huge fan of Ubiquiti gear for years and I love what they do, or try to do. But from a business environment perspective where downtime would heavily impact your operations, It's just surprising it's what you use over Aruba/Cisco/Juniper or literally any other vendor which you can actually get support for their products.  I've seen too many bugs in Ubiquiti gear over the past 2-3 years and it's made me bitter and I'm a firm believer that it’s not meant for high demand environments
My favourite LTT video in a while!
We've come a long way in networking..." proceeds to take network down during "working" hours.
Loving Dan 🤣
Dan the Man!!!
Somebody somewhere is stealing “ if it doesn’t fit, we hit it” as their tagline
Not to be annoying or anything, but when is the Gaming Van Part 2 coming out?
Do you have dialogue editior, voices are so good and so easy to hear, some mouvies and TV shows have so bad voice to surround sound balance.
Is that actually a network rack? It look like a server rack. The mount rails are not deep enough and there is no space on the sides for routing the cables. Or maybe it appears so because of the camera angles.  If it is a server rack, you will have issues once you start filling it with switches. The door won't close and there would be no space for cable management.
only thing this video is missing is Alex and his lazer cutter!
i REALLY hope this is an act for the video from linus. tbh, if this is how he behaves in the office i would hate working for him.
I love the sheer chaos in this video, I feel like if I was there with Jake the chaos might be even worse as my energy is chaos
Linus: Youre not even alone, theres like six other people working here every day. Dan: Not when you get that drunk.  Lmao
There are great cage nut tools out there. But i also like the studs.
it takes 4 people to do this
What networking equipment are you guys using? Not that I'm a Cisco employee or anything
Love Dan💜
asbestos!
I want Dan in my server room… 🤣
i just love these kinds of videos hahaha! the raw unfiltered trio is just great
Dan's small "oh god" at the beginning when linus walks into the room is giving me LIFE
what an amazing episode. Love the haphazard format dipped in a little bit of chaos
I prefer to keep my nuts cage free, and on a rack as often as possible.
Why could you not just swap the casters?
Linus in a cage is pretty funny, ngl
I don’t think Linus or any of his crew know to use an enterprise rack. It’s pushed all the way against a wall, but you are supposed to be able to access the front and back. If they ever get an enterprise class server, they’ll figure it out.
Well if it doesn't fit, grab a bigger hammer. Lol.
Have you guys never seen a cage nut tool?!
Got a flashback as soon as a cage nut appeared on the screen. 🥵
I don’t support JRE, he’s a socialist commie.
I could watch these vlogs all day.
This trio is absolutely comedy gold 😂 deffo more plz!!!
Does anyone know what router they are using?
I'll play these videos and the background to listen to the banter hahaha
"Do you know what I would have given for a $1600 48 port 2.5 gig switch when we started this enterprise." <sarcasm_mode> I don't know $1600 perhaps? <\sarcasm_mode>
cage nuts suuuuuck
Your best videos in my humble opinion are when Linus is working with others installing or upgrading stuff.
I love Dan. If he ever leaves, LMG looses a great man
p.s. you guys mixing PURPLE and RED Rackstuds II in the rack.... Thick Verticals in big racks needs PURPLE Rackstuds Wallmount Racks (for example 6U , 9U) need the thinner RED Versions
jake needs to lose some weight bro 💀
It was a fun video seeing Dan, Jake and Linus having to work together
This sounds like every DC move I've done ever
Make a part 2 when more stuff are installed?
Linus is such a boss goal for me.
0:49 the best reaction to your boss's over ambitious deadlines 😂
This video is just great. Nothing more to say.
4:14, vid paused, thanx. brb in 3min, have to go listen to R.E.M suddenly
2:52 flashbacks of xqc hammering his pc case.
Haters dont exist. Just people who care enough to be honest with you
This is basically a sitcom.
Linus don't you know we love this stuff.  we are even a little pissed this is the first time you are showing this room working,  like when did that other rack get hooked up.  Grrrr we want more lol
2:12 that poor lonely testing station lol
they are going to put a full back up here .
I love the dan 'getting drunk' bit, hahahaha. Dan drunk arc when?
@0.28 the face of dan when he sees linus like "nooo this dude againn....    -_-
Dan is a lot of fun, I would enjoy seeing more of him hosting
Dan's amazing, but none of this can tip "Look, it's an L... for "narcissist"".
Reeally wish they didn't cut Linus stepping off the pallet while lifting with his lower back as the foot of the rack catches on the plastic wrap as he steps on the same plastic...
I don’t remember if they use solar panels but I’d like to see video about it if they switch
asbestos!
Linus and Jake are like Michael and Darryl from The Office
Dan  is fking brill lol
As someone who has assembled racks with 100+ ethernet cables and telephone cables lots of times, I can certify that working with such a rack makes you act exactly like in the video and someone has to clean up the mess later
rolls up sleeves, continues to act like a child... omfg
You guys should of just hired Tom from @LAWRENCESYSTEMS
No linus use a flat screwdriver for those nuts 😂
Honestly ending the video with Dan saying “Asbestos” was the cherry on top of the whole video.
this trio will be more iconic than the team rocket
Guys...gents...fellas...you do know that 2 post racks exist, are way cheaper than full cabinets, and also so much easier to do cable management for wiring closet stuff?  At the point where you've got a solid half rack of patch panels and switches, you're better off just putting it all in a 2 post rack and then freeing up your full cabinet for servers.
"If it doesnt fit we hit it" sound just right
PIVOT, PIVOT, PIVOOOT
Probably one of my favourite videos in a while... We need more Jake and Dan chaos 🔥🔥🔥
you say its stuff you were gonna do anyways, I say its my favorite type of LTT content, just chaos and banter
I myself, hate cage nuts, but there is a screwdriver like tool that doesn't suck for putting them in.
Perfect cut at the end :D
LMG isn't just about YouTube channels. What else do they do? Did I miss that video?
"We'll do it better!" "Asbestos!" "Nooooooo!"
I've been loving these videos.  I couldn't care less about what they're doing, I just like watching the interaction.
Do you guys have a in house electrician for all your work?
Epic trio
Dan is my favorite part of ltt
gary is funny
Linus on WAN show: No one would ever need 10 gig to their house Linus in this video: Every rig in the lab gets its own 10 gig line  I know that doesn't mean they can all do 10 gig at once. Just thought the juxtaposition was funny
Linus coming out of the red-orange closet. Believable
Death to cagenuts! well... if you HAVE to use them at least get a cagenut tool
2:55 vs 20:12
As someone who's recently simplified my homelab to one 8-port-switch, this scares me :D
can we please get a picture or video of the clean end result if that is ever created?
Good cable menagment. 😢
Yes this was a video that was going to happen anyway but man is it fun to watch you three banter together and just for a mess to happen.
"For one fan you get 3 haters" - Janoy Cresva
That's why I am on medication!  My bro!
Is there an extended cut of this on Floatplane?
This is the content I signed up for
I heard Linus call the company “this enterprise”, but just because they are installing their first enterprise class rack, doesn’t make it an enterprise. By IT standards, an enterprise is an organization of over 500 people. Even though they have come a long way building an infrastructure, they have a long way to go before their network looks anything like an enterprise class infrastructure.
this is the best LTT video in MONTHS. Absolute chaos and reckoning, all with $1000 switches and hardware
could we get the whole uncut video? id love to watch the whole thing lol
As someone who’s managed large scale data center build outs across the county.  Watching you guys cable that rack HURT my eyes!   😂😂😂   Ouch!  Ouch!  AND Ouch!   😂😂😂
Oh god, server rooms... I did just 2 in my entire life. 1st one was moving the whole rack from old building to the new one, I invited my friend and a future colleague, 3 of us were doing  installation and connecting cables and cleaning the room from the old owners, it was DISGUSTING to look at when I first came there. Thankfully it got much cleaner and tidier. 2nd one was where I live now, but in the other city, it was a gym center scheduled for reopening, and cables in server room were unmarked, no info about them was available. So I had to find out where is the other end of the cable is located, in which room, on which floor. I've spent 2 weeks figuring it out and another 1.5 on troubleshooting and waiting for the hardware to arrive.  Seriously, don't bring your boss here... You'll get fired. Or you'll end up murdering him.
Why no one gets a haircut
they make a tool for cage nuts
I can't tell if Dan is trying to get fired, or just incredibly confident in his job security
i can't believe this in any way qualifies as content. sad to see how you've gone from proving useful or entertaining tips and reviews to fumbling around with a metal box
why do I love this
Those UPS beeps scared me!
Linus is undercover boss who should fire himself.
natures bucket xD
Damn Dan is kind of jacked now that I look at him when he went to grab the networking/server rack lol.
Chaos management... :-)
Damn Jake, what happened bro? seeing old videos, hard to even recognize you anymore lol
The only tech tip in this video was "if it doesn't fit we hit it"
something something temporary solution permanent problem :D
this was a great video, so much fun! Please can we get more informal vlogs like this please, they great fun and we still get to learn
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it." The perfect way to describe what a hammer is for.
hahah the pan after "it never does..."
Has anyone else noticed that Linus sounds just like Steve Carell?
1.3k comments in a freakin HOUR
what happend to your fiber cable through the stripe jungle?
Is it just me or does it look like Linus has lost some weight?
Dear god I need a tranquilizer after watching that UGH.
Dan keeps handing out burns like its his job and so I'm here for it (even when nobody else is laughing or just pretending to ignore him).
Dan is too funny
Saw Linus in a grammarly commercial and I had to come see what he’s up to
Next Time buy extreme networks switches. i will sell you some ;) 5720 series 48 Ports 10 Gig Copper Poe+ Ports
I wholeheartedly recommend watching this video at 1.5x speed for 1.5x the chaos. It gives a good "I don't know how to play this game but we're gonna speedrun it as a group" vibe.
trio of awesomeness, love Dan Jake and Linus team-ups
hope you do, something about the cable management, it looks okay, but with many wires, it can fast turn to a mess, that nobody likes.....
Linus always reminds me of Michael Scott from the office 😂
LTT still 10/10 in making OCD iT people cringe   good Job keep it up
"The floor is Nature's bucket." My mind is literally blown.....
Moar plox!
This was so entertaining.
Dude.. Dan's humor is so dead and I love it 💀😂 omg these three combined is like a TV show 😂😂😂
Dan is the best also the floor is another good place to put a lot of things
Dan: asbestos :D Linus: N... :0 Editor: (cuts off the end of the video)   Me: (thinks it's funny enough to write a stupid comment about it)
Idk where you guys got your rack studs from, but at my work place, they snapped like a twig and didn't hold any weight. Also, they make tools for cage nuts to make it easy.
The clickbait was real on this video lol.
This is easily the highest quality content you put out, could watch this all day
As a German a qeustion if get the things right.   Antoni is the Software guy and Jake and Dan the practise network hardware giys amd linus the face that can run 3D Mark?  :D  Nice greetings to the whole Team.
Linus: "Why do you guys need a hammer?" Gary: "If it doesn't fit, we hit it." Every engineer out there: "So true Gary"
This was very entertaining 😂
the ubiquiti AR stuff is useless shite tbh nothing valuable to get out of that.   the real good switches of ubnt are the edgeswitch series - which are not shipped atm (or even manufactured!)
the title feels a little clickbaity
God when I see Linus post a video i become happy Linus thanks for existing u make my days better
I love both Dan and Jake
I can't wait until like 5 years from now Linus decides to build his own facility to accommodate all of the channel's work in a central location.
This skating in a server rack is really cringy and childish.. makes me wanna stop watching
The videos that you guys deal with your racks, servers and networking, are some of my favorites!
Was getting some brennan from step brothers vibes at the rack racing part??? 😂
If you're really planning to cable manage, I hope you're adding tie bars in between those switches.
please just use a flat screwdriver for putting in rack nuts
It's amateur hour in networking again.  If it's a network cab and you are going to plug stuff in at the front move the front rails back a couple of inches to give clearance to do that.  Oh, you're having to _force_ the door closed?  Well…
12:10 is when you can hear dan getting tired of Linus "helping" and its awesome
"Nature's bucket" got my thumbs up
Natures Bucket made me lol
"Its natuuures buckett"
Linus is becoming David Tennant... Dr Who in the tardis....
3:47 "did I tell you there's a reason I'm on medication"  I dont think you needed to, it's just part of the job.
"did I tell you there's a reason Im on medication?" absolutely murdered me lmao
Did anyone else get vibes of ‘the office’ watching this!!
2:35 why would you charge your employees? Isn’t it for their cars? 😎
Is there no rear supports? Seems alot of weight just to be screwed in the front 😬
How come that every video that shows how LMG rolls internally, makes me desperately want to work there and do not want to work there at all, at the same time?
It's 2023 and we, furless monkeys, still hit things with things when things do not fit. (At least they are hitting things with a hammer and not with, like, the pliers, which I have totally never had to resort doing, nope :v)
Been using rack studs for the last 6 years on AV rack builds and they are just an amazing product, once you've used them you'll never go back to the old cage nuts.
Hehe we got em
Dan is amazing, so glad we get to see him more in the videos :)
8:28"Do you know what I would have given for a $1600 46 port..." I'm guessing $1600?
Hey linus i miss the days where the title says what is going to happen in the video, so could you guys try to fix that in the next Videos
I've been loving all the Dan contents been in. Seems like he's going to be doing more special projects and supporting the writing team. I'm here for it.
@2:57 yup, that's exactly how it is in any workshop :DDD
Linus + jake + dan is the real winning combo, Dan brings the madness to the otherwise chaos which really makes it comedy gold!
Smart deploy powered by pewdiepie??
Linus is the kind of boss everyone probably wants so wholesome
“Do you know what i would have given for a 1.600 dollar switch?” Ehm, $1.600?
Please do not buy rack studs. This message brought to you by someone that bought rack studs.  To be more specific; don't buy them if you have a cheap StarTech rack. The studs are a bit too large for the not-quite-spec holes, and you have to put way too much force into installing/removing the yellow "washers".
I love more of this
Jake looks healthy...
Linus or a child that’s consumed an energy drink I can’t tell a difference
Linus I feel your pain with decent cable management lol
Love Dan! He's hilarious
I want a perpetual series where Dan just has to catch up to his tasks and they just keep compounding until he has to do over 300 tasks in a week before the end of the year
12:57 😐🤣🤣🤣🤣
computers are a total waste of money - obviously - instant inventory - the way to go - you will have to cut jobs probably like rest of silicon valley - that is where the real  money savings are
Makes me wonder if they have the space here why not move all the storage over here to the lab….
OSHA???!!!
6:15 converted off nuts to studs years ago and will never go back
"Where is it?" "Must be on the floor, that is where we keep everything!"
far too many cooks.
What's it like working for a child?
this is the kind of videos we all love, real ltt
"Yeah we're gonna have to disconnect the Internet" "Oh, should I let them know?" "Eh" "Nah"  Love it.
The only part of this video, that is remotely close to informative, is the last two minutes (excluding the sponsor spot). The rest was just FUCKING HILARIOUS. Please, more of you three together, this was so fucking funny. xD  Edit: I have a playlist for bad times; this is going straight in there.
Jake and Dan is like dumb and dumber haha
Dan looks like he has a sad face filter on him everytime he sees linus.
do more of these vids
Everyone can make a video about installing network on a new rack but this trio is what makes it so entertaining to watch
The fact that Dan said he not only labeled but also measured every run in the building is mind blowing
I’m always amazed how few people have used a cage nut install/removal tool.  Looks like a nail clipper itself, but I installed at least 200 cage nuts into a DC in under half an hour.  No blood spilled.  If I did it the old fashioned way, I’d be dead.
When your Boss is a big child  😅🤣😂
three nerds one rack
Linus face impressions,posture, hand gestures. I just wanna punch him.
This is exactly what happens when we are moving racks at my job. the boss man shows up and slows us down.  =P
These videos are always so useless…and I love it!   Some of my favorites
Anyone know what Watch Linus is wearing in this video?
L:"We'll do it but, like, better next time" D:"Asbestos!" L:"No-"
Power by who? Pewdy pie? I need rewind that
You guys should contract BlackBox network services for the cable install
This is one of the funniest episodes in a long time...
This vlogs are way better than some crappy MacBook video
"Asbestos!" "No-"
Wait, most cagenut sets come with a tool you can use to just pull them into the hole, it's so easy to install them.
Jake and Dan’s chemistry in this video was perfect, just LMAO!
I know the Unifis are shiny but you really should use better switches. The lack of stacking, trunk ports across switches / mlag etc really hurts redundancy. Multicast features suck (but high speed can kind of make up for that). Oh and still no DHCP snooping so someone can f-up an entire subnet by plugging in a rogue dhcp server.
Great now the LTT logo is red for me
JStreet24
I would love to know what are the top 10 things that make Linus annoying to work with lol  In contrast what are 10 things that make him great to work with?   The answer can't be that he pays you and has to be specifically about him not the employee lounge or specific piece of equipment. Lol
To be fair, asbestos is really good at dampening human noise over the long term...
Poor Dan
Linus the manager looking and demanding things be done his way .. lol
👍😁
Jake and Dan would do a better faster job without Linus interfering
6:15 me tooooooooooooooooooooooo
So many shots fired in this video it should come with a trigger warning 🤣🤣
"Asbestos!"  "NO-"  xD
...Now face north Think about direction, wonder why you haven't before
I've said it before, but Linus really is everything Michael Scottt wanted to be.
at 20 minutes.  He's putting together a 10gbit network, with an airfiber uplink to the storage.  I remember why I stopped watching these.
Asbestos, lol
Dan is Gilfoyle.
Linus gives Jake so much anxiety
Just use wifi!
9:43 Colton's my manager but I'm just your bitch.
Linus is so Michael Scott ish in the beginning. Then they turn Michael Scott ish...
Jake has been buying the coolest, most expensive gadgets and Linus is just now discovering it 😂
This was painful to watch…
You know when the boss shows up and start doing your work, you're going too slow and should start sweating.
No cable management? 🥲
I'm sure it was done but PLEASE make sure you have safety locks on the cross bars on your racking. I had my thumb ripped off in a factory that did not have them installed when it fell on my hand.
Dan in da video, yuh!
I like Dan, he's been a really good addition to the team
My server at home single handedly made me despise cage nuts.   Linus's Ubiquiti statement holds 100% true btw.
linus not knowing what a cage nut tool is.. hilarious
this jake person is kinda beefy, i think he is a vegetarian
I SO miss doing work like this... 😭
The one time Linus immediately wanted Contractors was when he was offered the choice between that and 1000 hours of Dan's overtime.
"It's NATURE'S bucket..."  🤣
I can't wait for a truly wireless world -_-
Jake : Im on medication Jakes weed dealer: He sure f'n is...
I like Dan. I empathise.
Phrase of the day: "If it doesn't fit, we hit it"
It's fun to just watch you guys enjoy the work.
I used to leave a hammer in the server room just to keep the fear of god in the servers.
"Im just your bi***" Mood
I've done tons of cabling/server jobs like this and chaos both entertained me AND caused excessive eye-twitching anxiety.
Watching Linus work reminded me of seeing Michael Scott *help* (his words) in the warehouse.
love classic vlogs
"It's nature's bucket." 😆
"we will do that but less bad" "asbestos!"
I love these guys, they are amazing. I don't know why Linus doesn't like working with them so much.
2:55 - that's what i call an experience!
1:55 holy shit that's big
What does this have to do with haters being right.
Apart from wanshow and all the server  LTT videos this was as amazing as it was fun XD Ironic i would say the best one yet for my entertainment haha. Keep it up LMG!
Dan is one heck of a great worker to be able to handle all that cable
At this point we’re just watching a live version of “The Office” with the perfect real-life Michael Scott
I guess this how it feels to work for a boss who isn't an asshole but is a complete idiot.
"Just put it on the floor, it's nature's bucket" 🤣 quote of the day.
Jeez, please hire some dedicated network guys, i hear that big tech is doing a bunch of layoffs
Why would you have a sponsor for a depression episode?
beat to fit,  then paint to match!
I like the way linus is, not greedy, always suprised about new things, and not a man that says i am rich and thats why i buy it. Its more, i am rich and i am gonna try it and see wat we think about it👌🏽
the beeping around 08:20 was exactly the sound refridgerator makes when the door is left open. It made me get up and check. DISLIKE!!    <3
yaaay more dan vids
6:57 "to be fair the Ubiquity ones are *garbage*"  Never a truer word spoken, I hate fiddling with those damn things at the best of times but theirs are just a whole other level of awful
That, "Fooled me!", had me ROLLING.
Don't use contractors, we wanna see you guys run all the lines!
Saw someone comment on a video a week or so ago about how they liked the new more structured format but wished they could just have more informal and vlog type videos. I think this is what they meant and I really enjoyed it
Title should be “My wife is right, I am wasting my money”
"There's like six other people working here, every day". "Not when you get THAT drunk". DAMMIT DANIEL, I just can't hate you. 😂
Dan needs a raise
add rgb.
That floor paint will only last a week if the concrete isn’t shotblasted beforehand.
Shout out to the editing team for making this 22 minute video entertaining. You guys are the real hero’s.
More of this
man what a nightmare
Nice video but clickbaity title
I would suggest using a professional cable company   I would never allow cabling like that in my offices
This was hilarious, love the natural format once in a while.
Is it just me or does him standing in the rack remind you of the Cart from Satisfactory 😂
Should we let them know? Nah 😅
Instead of a Reacts channel ltt should make a channel where Dan, Linus, and Jake go to peoples houses to solve their tech issues. But they have to solve them with the clients budgets.  It was be beautiful chaos.
You're the joke! hahahah Dan is a Savage
"you guys are infuriating" "but we get it done" that is my whole vibe at work
I feel for Dan..
The amount of fkn quotes I can nab from this is amazing lmao
Dan really pulled the "Asbestos" for sound proofing LMAO
0:31 Dan looking sad vibes with my soul
18:05 they did jakuh dirty with that pan haha
This is the funniest LTT video I've seen in a minute. I love it
More of this 🤣 hilarious
Rackstuds are great!  Be sure to screw in the bottom ones before the top ones and respect the weight limits.  To be fair for rack-nuts, the trick is to use angled slip-joint pliers.
On this episode Linus discovered the Happy Pills
I absolutely love these networking/server room vlog content, it feels classic ltt
Hey is that Vande Bharat Express?
Reminding me why i never wanted to see a DC from the inside again, those Cagenuts give you PTSD.
Come on. It's like Linus said. Just run the things through the thing guys.
There are moments I think I'm watching an episode of The Office.
Asbestos 😂😂
Jake is such a whiny little crybaby
There's nothing more permanent than a temporary solution that works
DUDE YOUR YOUNG LAD LINUS WHAT'S WITH SANDELS AND SOCKS ...
Jacke plz do something Sadge
The orange, that was used for electrical cabinets in the 80s.
Finally, Linus drop things in purpose, phase 1 evolution
"Asbestos 😃" "NO"
this starting to look more like it crowed thatn the show it self.. love the contetn
please tell me linus misspoke and that the batteries are not actually going to be lead acid?
😀
This was a great group of people for a vlog. Hilarious
linus bargain to editors: i give you money -> you give me : your sanity
Dan is the greatest!! He is the reason I still watch Linus videos!! The most entertaining one of the team. Like for real his humor and tech knowledge is next level.
Mid-Atlantic Racks come pre-threaded. No rack nuts, screws only! As long as you don't cross-thread, it's the ticket!
Got’em future Dan!  I actually like doing it! You’re the joke!
ngl, reading the video title, wanted it to be about all his new house "smarthome" BS
This so hurt to watch. There are runs in my house I have to run at some point (and I've avoided for months to years) but luckily it's a small house to setup. Two 48 port 1GbE is currently good here.  As for rack studs, they only work for some setups. I returned to screws and nuts for some stuff. A few years back I went from open 27U rack to closed 36U rack (which my work place was tossing out.) I know the pain...
Wait...are these the same sandals that were broken or new ones?
Poor Linus, I feel his pain
Serious question do y’all have a project manager owning all this?
Thanks for the video
Not when ur that drunk. That made me laugh.
The Dual High five in sequence killed me hahaha
Dan is my spirit animal 😂
7:56 had a mini heart attack for a sec
screaming at the screen
Rack racing LTX23 anyone?
I use a flathead screwdriver for cage nuts. No more bruised fingers.
My God, Dan is absolutely hilarious in this one.
As a hardware engineer, hammers are for percussive calibration... :P
So glad Gary took the gig, perfect addition. And for whatever reason, watching Jake and Dan torture Linus for 20 minutes is just so much fun 😆 Really enjoyed this one.
I like this content the most
he should of used honey
Jake is hilarious, but Dan is on a whole new level. He's not even trying to be funny yet the man is some comedy genius.
Agreed. Cage nuts suck. lol
I purchased a Cyberpower 42U in black - looks similar to yours...  mine says Cyberpower on it however and the handle to open the doors is vertical not horizontal... :)  and, my back doors open in 2 parts for easier access to the back...
Linus is wearing his OSHA approved safety sandals.
Three stooges
7:02 ”Suck for a while and then iterate and then like suddenly all of a sudden you’re like holy crap this stuff got really good” - Linus 2023
8:42 - dan is just savage.
Jake is on meds because the man gained 60lbs in like 2 years. Seriously, Linus should start promoting health and fitness among his employees, and I say that with a sincerity and genuine concern for their well being. The nature of being in tech is a very sedentary lifestyle with long hours - wouldn't it be cool if they had a small gym in the office?
If you don't have fun working at LMG, you are doing it wrong!!!
That cable management is just anxiety inducing!
totally thought he was gonna roll up his sleves and tell us about the sponsor
you guys should hire FiberNinja
TIL: The floor is nature's bucket. 🤣
Give Dan a raise.
Wait a second LTT logo is red? Dear lord I'm here 6 years in and i thought that was Orange
yay intro!
This should be shown to family members of people working in IT when asking what you do
Plz make more of this kind of videos! I find them very interesting
LTT: Top Gear with computers 😂
Having done something similar to this before with moving racks, I can feel the utter anxiety at the 13:20 mark.
Linus, seems like you gotta set the goals and timeline, and then go relax on that couch and eat snacks.  Check on them when their time is up 😆😜
Cage nuts are just as acceptable as rack nuts. There's no need to kink shame.
you are wasting your money
I enjoy these types of videos, but I also scream internally every time I see Linus doing networking XD
Dan is savage this ep XD... man, more of this XD
jake and dan remind me of mermaidman and barnacle boy lol
Oh, nostalgia… I remember paying 1300.oo (wholesale) for my first 8 port 10Mbit switch, with two 100MB ports for chaining...
Honestly, I love seeing the big basically enterprise level maintenance tasks getting done. Makes for a good relatable video for any of us who have gone into a server room and had to rewire or troubleshoot.
lol, making a simple job seem difficult
Jake is so cute 😅
all the put it on the floor jokes really gave me a "it goes in the square hole" vibe
Dan low-key getting ripped after carrying linus
“It’s nature’s ‘fuck it.’”  That is my new reason for everything now. 😂
And everyone in the room got written up, even Linus
I'm 5:51 in, admiring the sick rack color - gotta beg again: Please do a series of videos where you do a new server room at the first/main building of LTT... always would have loved to see a better (even pimped out?) space, like this new rack is, for the company. No fires need apply. 🔥😊
wtf is this why we are missing dan reviewing audio products, I'm sad
the rack part is the kind of thing michael scott would do XD
Can I do the floors?
Dan is by far the funniest dude on camera right now, his quips are lightning fast and soo funny! Keep it up Dan!
"Did I tell you there's a *reason* I'm on medication?"  My god, the number of times I've wished I could say that to a boss . . . .
Are you transitioning your business to merchandising?
It's not a clickbait title, you literally wasted your money being there, should have just let the pros handle it alone ;)  Dan is amaaazing, he and Jake make a great team!
This man really is Michael Scott. Only without a Dwight.
"the floor is nature's bucket" great Dan quote
Linus you just need to go ahead and hire a dedicated IT guy(s).
the vibes, they are immaculate this is amazing lmao
59/1hr
drink with me not alone..
3:47 LTT will now do human traffic ing
These kind of videos are IMO the most interesting ones.
I don't know who is the bad influence on who here LOL
Im calling CCOHS
Dan and Jake are my kind of chaos! 🤣
Exciting stuff! Can't wait for you to finish
wait, there's a replacement for cage nuts?...im about to go put in an order for work...
The randomness of this video is simply amazing... LOLOLOL
Safety and floor manager - I an open to this position if LTT is hiring(40+ hours a week), although I hope you'd be okay with me being in the back ground with a pitch red face nearly yelling, but not because Linus is the CEO.
1000 comments in an hour bro
"Colton's my manager, I'm just your bitch" Dan - 2023
Man, this is some low-effort content...
With the pan at 18:10 it just hit me how much of a real-life "The Office" appeal there is to these LTT vlogs, and I'm here for it
I love how the soccer wall sticker are still up there.
I always love your plans which again always provide such entertainment. Cheers from a viewer/sub since NCIX days.
2:54 Gary definitely works at the right company xD
Describing the floor as "nature's bucket" is perfect "lazy man's zen" energy.
I like infrastructure videos.... far more interesting than 'new laptop released today'.
Orange rack ❤ but that is such a mess still lol
3:53 ironic for a CEO to be in a literal wagey cage.
missing anthony these days
i don't mind being in for the ride and watching 'vlogs' within business for the future linus
I NEEDED A GOOD LAUGH! THANKS!  😁
This kind of fun would never happen at the datacenters I've worked at.
Had to come in to comment on the dust on those switches 😶 Hoping they were eventually wiped off and cleaned. They looked... A bit too dusty.
Linus and his babysitters 😂
While this chaotic mess is fun to watch, if I was there to try and manage it I'd lose my marbles.
They are just documenting for the insurance company where the fire started.
Do you really not know how to use a cage nut tool?
TBH this is some of my favorite content y’all do, because while it’s great to see the super cutting edge stuff or theoretical super sick setups, the “This is the practical stuff we intend to use on a daily basis” stuff makes it feel much more real, and when you’re showing us the specific compromises you need to make to do the things you want to do it gives that whole “reality check” aspect to tech setups that a lot of people ignore.
Since when did you guys hire Ron Livingston to do your IT work? He looks younger
where can i buy one of these racks?
You know they are pretending to work when using Mac books
3:44 back in cage wagie
Linus seems like such a good boss. It makes me wish he was looking for automation systems integrators
I already saw the rack's wheels getting caught somewhere and the whole thing tumbling to the ground, Linus included :D  Gladly he defied his arch nemesis called gravity this once.
What happened to the fibre run to the main Building 😅? Only airfibre 😮
I cry every time they play with data racks. Chimps couldn't do worse.  Move the front rails back, add internal cable management - loom everything neatly! I almost want to jump on a plane and sort it out.
Those cage nuts are horrendous. Even just having to do a small number of them on a studio rack is horrible. They are either way too hard to install and remove, or they drop out and get lost in the most inaccessible part of the rack.
Quote on the year "if it doesn't fit we hit it" Gary ltt labs mgr
Now face North!
I feel like Dan and Jake being in the Special Projects Department makes a lot of sense with their skill sets.
The only thing missing from this video to get a "true" network engineer 'day in the life' is an empty bucket to sit on while you configure the gear. Folding chairs should be on every BoM for new deployments🤣
Heeey at 9:08 what is that laptop? I NEED THAT IN MY LIFE
why do women live more than men? also linus in a rack:
Dan and Jake vs Linus is really funny
"Nobody has told me what my job is yet." - Dan 😂
there are tools which are no more then a small iron lever for putting in those cage nuts costing barely nothing.
More Dan
I'm a little jealous. I've had an order in for 15 of the Switch Enterprise 48 PoEs since literally September and still don't even have an estimated ship date.
at that point why not have a multi-tier network architecture?
Is it bad that my home networking rack has nearly that much Ubiquiti equipment in it?  Biggest difference is that I have 24 port POE and 10Gbe switches since my house has less than 50 runs.
*Linus is sad in thumbnail* Me: *Insta smile with laugh*
this video was really funny
Give it 1-2 years and this building will be the main one and being the main server room... ;)
Love you guys. But this video was so shaky that i almost got motion sickness ahahah
And this is why Ubiquiti has been sold out of the switches I've want for the past 6 months
This is my favorite content from LTT
Just another voice in the Dan Appreciation Chorus. We meet in the comments on every video he's in.
The lever force on those nylon nuts scares me, even if they can handle the weight.
Linus has strong Dwight Schrute vibes
"Coltons my manager, I'm just your bitch"
His minions are so funny and sassy.  Guess that's better than cussing out Gru and getting fired.
waiting for the day Linus finally chops his toes off by screwing around heavy rack equipment and active build sites in sandals 😬
I fuckin lost it at 16:22 ITS NATURES BUCKET! :D
If you've got two buildings, why not put the backup file server in the other one, just to give you slightly more resiliency in case, I dunno, the server room catches fire or something.
‘It’s natures bucket!’ Killed me
Jake: "We'll (noise isolate) it better" Dan: "Asbestos!" Linus: "No-" *Video ends* Amazing
Did Linus watch the episode of the Office where Michael works in the warehouse because, my God
When racking or de-racking a cab, any surface, up to and including the floor, is a valid surface
I would love that Thomas Müller wall decal.
9:40  , 15:08
i want more of this energy on the channel :))
Oh, wow... This brings back memories of moving the entire office where I was working at from one city to another, having from 6:30pm on a Friday to 7:30am on the following Monday. Sixty people (including us 5 ITers), 2 IBM AS/400 machines, servers and workstations and printers out the wazoo, various data connections for mission critical systems.... And it was all running when the office opened with only some printers placed in the wrong room as problems. And massive sleep deprivation.
Aren't u gonna buy storage for test games?
7:00 as someone who has mounted thousands of these nuts in network racks I know you dont use your nails except if you absolutely have to. Use a philips head screwdriver at least.
These have got to be some of my favorite LTT videos. May not be informative, but it’s damn fun.
cant tell you how many time I heard " we'll fix the cables later".... Never get fixed.
Dan was fired after the making of this video
4:35 the most literal if i fits I sits literally sitting in his multiple thousands of dollars box that he bought
Please move the front rails back and not smash all the cables. Four post racks are meant to be adjusted
THESE ARE THE BEST VLOGS IT MADE ME LAUGH SO MUCH WHEN GETTING THE NEW SHELF TOGETHER
I hate jake Go away
WAPs: Wireless Access Points
I love dan
i LOVE these Vlogs
we need more vlogs like this, this was so funny
As a network engineer, this video gives me anxiety...
13:40  Dan: "Okay, [Charlie Brown Adult Talking Noise]" Linus: "Yep, I got it."
DOES LINUS REALLY NEED TO BE IN THE VIDEOS.  Everything he does is cringe.
So? That's all we do with money, waste it. At least you're wasting it in a way for us to watch.
It's a good thing you guys have other viable uses at at LTT, you suck at data center build out.    I've fired better.
The 3 stooges, but with tech tips
Its Ok,
smh
"This is what we call in the biz, a classic vlog, doesn't really have a purpose" These are always my favorite, especially when Dan is in it
What not to do at work  Be Linus  lol
oh damn, colton's his manager? must suck having to transfer to a different department after your boss gets fired like that
I just wanted to say im not even in to tech that much but i liove watching these videos, everyones always loving and not putting on a character, actually is real !
I love vlog format :)
3:10 🔥🔥🔥
How the hell is there no one at LTT that knows what a cage nut insertion tool is?
“Colton is my manager I’m just your b**ch” I love Dan😂
4:10 Linus is an REM fan. Nice.
Soo, maybe... Ouh well.. The reason, for the extra space on the other side of the rack. Is to install vertical cable management ducts in the sides.. So yeah, you kinda installed the switches in the "wrong" end.. Otherwise, good job.
MOAR VIDEOS LIKE THIS!!!! BRING THE CHAOS!!!!
Dan, Linus, and jake together is my favorite group to have in videos there dynamic together is hilarious 😂😂
I find the assembly of machines I don't understand soothing and hypnotic.
i thought garry left LTT was i wrong?
I do love the vlog style videos...actually more than most of the other videos except WAN show but that's a livestream.
25 years in IT, and current IT Infrastructure Architect.  This video gave me so much anxiety.  This is how NOT to do this.  Starting with the Boss showing up and "helping".
Okay… they make cagenut tools… don’t hate on the nuts
Jake and Dan are a great combo!
this house is too much dependant on  advanced  technology to function, have you wondered how well it will work if the power goes down for a while? im not hating im just saying
More Dan , less Jake = better content   Sorry not Sorry Jake.
recruit difficulty
GUYS you do realize that you can you the flat bits from the screwdriver to push those nobs into the rack right?
This hurt and I don't even care that much about cable management
"Asbestos!" "No!"
Should've bought Meraki switches tsk tsk tsk
This video shows the best and least boring way to move a server rack.
i like dan!! He doesnt give a fuck! jajajaj
Jake, Dan and Linus... This is gonna be fun 😂
I really enjoy this style of video
If you ever wonder, what ADHD looks like, it's look like this.
Hey Linus, You do YOU.
3:00 and with the end of that segment, LTT's insurance premiums went up. Again.
Jake thinking to himself: "Why does Linus need constant adult supervision? Lord give me strength 🥺"
If it fits, I sits and if it doesn't fits, I hits?
PLEASE PLEASE MORE DAN, JAKE, AND LINUS VIDEOS!!!!! This was an emotional roller coaster and I loved every minute of it! Linus: You're not even alone you work with 6 other people. Dan: Not when you're that drunk! This is just like my work environment, felt at home.
The networking and infrastructure videos are the best on the channel.
Gary's got a great sense of humor.
LMAO Finally Linus has a chance to mess with the employees
This vloggy style content has always been a favorite of mine! With you moving from the house to your now office all the way to the making of Linus's house, the vlogs have always been golden! Keep em coming!
Wow, a big orange box, without cable management space .... 🤦‍♂🤦‍♂
Hearing Dan talking about nature's bucket reminds me of my first day working at a bar.  When the last guests left, the other employees and me started smoking in the room. When I asked my Boss where I could put my cigarette bud, she answered: "Just use the big ashtray" The "big ashtray" was actually the floor lol
Dammit those beeps from the APC had me checking my circuit breakers assuming I'd tripped the basement again.  #ITptsd
18:00 - 18:12 I fell out of my chair
Stop these full clickbait titles that dont say anything on what the vid is about. Its annoying.  Let ur content do the work instead of dumb clickbait titles
I'm a little disappointed.  He makes himself seem so smart but complains about everything.  A quote "omg nooo",  this must be his catchphrase. I'm a normal watcher and usually enjoy his videos but he barely did anything and complained he had to do something with his hands. Be back better and have more fortitude of mind.  More things could have been done in the time taken to complete this job.
Really loving Dan on camera. Dude reminds me of any one of my nerdy friends at engineering school who just does goofball projects for the heck of them and somehow always gets them to work.
Hey Dan , do you use Netbox for the documentation ?   Awesome video. Done that job myself for 5 rack ... Solo.  Took a couple of weeks
0:49 ma boy turned to Wheezy from Toy story 2 for second there XD
this was really cool! more labs content please
4:45 Staff communication board.  I am 100% sure it was fully cleaned b4 making this video :D
Ole’ Gary got a little sass on him…!
I'd love to see more videos starring Dan! His humour and style of presenting is so good
I get the hate on a cage nut but have you guys heard of cage nut tools? It makes the job ridiculously easy to add and remove.
The new building is connected by airlink? what about that long cable you ran between both buildings?
I want another video that shows us how neat it ended up actually being. :)
Looks like another major level up at the LTT campus / compound/ fort
Normal videos are fun, but we need more stuff like this. Even if they are working, all of them look like they are having the time of thier life. Keep it up, can't wait to see what the lab will be able to do.
Great video this one, good humour, fantastic relationship you all have. More of these would be good. Just for a bit of fun :)
and I'm here for it 😂😂😂😂
To be honest these types of videos are WAAAAAY better than the scripted video (i hate those)
When you realize that this is the where all your previous life decisions have gotten you.
ALWAYS use the tool with those metal cage nuts... Will save your fingers, trust me. Nylon versions seem cool af though. Def wish we had more of those at our data center.
Dan is a perfect third.
Tip for server case nut installing. Have the nuts with hooks up and down. Hook the DOWN one first. Hook the UPPER part, with a FLATHEAD screw driver (use controlled strength). No fingers will be hurt, no nuts will be dropped.
I support that logic: "If it doesn't fit, hit it in." If it works for a senator's husband, it works for us common folk.
is it just me or was it a little weird for jake to bring up tht he is on medication
Linus we need part 2 for the gaming minivan please part 1 was so good.
i love the goofy team vibes in this video.
MORE DAN and JAKE !!!! XD
do you really need millions of dollars in such "equipment, terabit networks, drives with 5 levels of data replication etc." to produce 2-3 videos a week? other channels do the same using only IPhone as their main camera LoL
Love the RackStuds shout-out, been using those for years now.
Thanks for reminding me that I don't miss being in an IT position where I have to install racks.
2:24  it's clear that he won't let yvonne throw these pants away 13:25 the three janskateers
Dan gets better with every video you can tell he is getting more comfortable and his sense of humour is really starting to come through.
Great WAP Linus 🔥👌
If you employ competent staff, you eventually become a burden.
Linus is Michael from The Office
Dan is just making sure he has job security by already stating things he will be doing in the future.
I would be lying if I said I didn't want to be in the middle of that mess helping.
I'd like to know why f@ck is sensored by using God's name in vain isn't
"if it does not fit we hit it"   Best line!!!!!!!!!!!
Most racks ship with ramps to get it off the pallet. We’re they missing or lost?
16:55, Dan just interrupt Linus and show me the diagram! 🥵
The "Stand in the place where you work" bit was a deep cut my dude.   Approved!
"And you hope it attracs a lady and it never does" Camera points immediately at Jake. Damn that was cold!
LTT has never heard of a "cage nut tool" LOL
i can understand making these videos to inculde the products bought to be written of as a work expense for the tax but i really wish to see more tips on ya know more PC stuff. maybe a video explain a dipper dive on the technical side of all this like explaining the bios and what does each setting do so i know how to configure it myself, i have had a pc for over 2 years now and i havent overclocked and i dont know how to or if i even should, or if its my motherboard that need to able to do it or my processor. I know some tech stuff but sometimes i get lost into those areas ya know, so maybe a dedcated video or video series would be great.
I wish there was an adblock to block the part where" message from our sponsor" could be fully blocked.
7:37 App support gone
Top class
Most racks should be customizable regarding the depth of your mounting frame, like, you should be able to move it further back so you don't have to crush your cables to shut the door. Depending on the manufacturer its just a couple of screws at the top and bottom. Helps if it's a very tight fit with cables hitting the closed door and should be fine as long as you're not planning on putting in exceptionally long server chassis.
7:00 The nuts are easy to install. You hook the bottom prong in, squeeze downward until you can put it flush, then let it spring back into place locking both in.
Nature's bucket 🪣 love it
Gotta love when the boss shows up and slows thing down.
This looks like me... I just don't have anyone helping me...
Hi Linus, Am Curious about all the Tech stuff and specs and I've got a question 🤔 Is it an APC NetShelter SX 42U×600mm(W) Do you have Metered Rack PDU's ...? Or Di u know the NetBotz monitoring appliances for security &Environmental like temperature sensors, fluid sensors and even camera Pod . That's  a peaceful sleep  to get it even the UPS FITS IN A 1OKVA .....SO....?🤔 LOLLLLL🤣
I'm a network admin. The "basically just chaos" chapter is identical to what we do when we rip and replace hardware lmao
More please! I enjoy videos like this, keep showing the infrastructure build out of everything in the new building.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it" I do the same with my sexual partners.
I love these types of videos. just linus and another chaos maker doing something togther.
The one time Linus catches something instead of dropping it. 8:50
Jake... STOP EATING.
Hire a wireman to work the night shift and it'll look amazing in one night! Don't pay Dan overtime when a wireman will do a sterling job.
Why did I immediately get a switched to mobile data notification when he said "were gonna turn off the internet"? Lmao
4:35  PIVOT... PIVOT... PIVOT!!!
The Three Stooges are going to file a copyright infringement strike
The Office: Canada edition
As a data center technician Jake should not be anywhere near infrastructure IT. I feel Dan's frustration.
After watching every LTT video ever I can say Linus' only actual job is to make sure nothing catches on fire.. unintentionally.
You have a network rack that's 2-3 times as deep as it needs to be, but still you mount all the gear so close to the door that it won't shut without crushing the cables.. I love these what not to do videos..
I’m loving this new season of The Office
More like this please. If you're doing it anyway we want to watch!
Sometimes you gotta roll up the sleeves. Management is a life long learning experience.
I was hoping this would be done properly. Like just put them through the server hole, they're all labelled, you just have to pre do the patch panel an you can pop them in as they come.  WTH
At LMG we only prefer our nuts cage free!
Rackin and stackin. 🤙🏾🤙🏾🤙🏾
I hope you own that building.
Buy Middle Atlantic racks and there ARE NO casenuts.... EVER!
I'm be honest, I want a video with the same trio but James & Riley supervising, commenting and roasting the trio 🤣
Linus wasting money???? No way
I feel like you're doing something wrong if you're destroying your fingernails with cage nuts. It's what I was doing before I got used to installing those. You just need a bit of force from the side that isn't yet connected properly to push them properly in.
Linus is literally living the "The Office" life if everyone was younger and it was a techier company instead. I love it
Does anyone else think Dan looks like a wish branded "knock off" Matt Walsh 😂
Looks like a wage cage 9000 😂
I would absolutely absolutely love more vlogs like this lol
Sheesh!  "And I helped", is an ANCIENT reference.  How old ARE you?  I mean, the REM "Stand in the place where you work" reference was old enough but "And I helped" goes back to the 1970s or something.  (It's from an old Shake 'n Bake commercial.)
I have said it before and i will say it again... Dan is very attractive.
dan go
video is amazing
They didn't take down the pics of the hot soccer players. CONFIRMED GAY.
13:30 so holesome
This is Linus' ADHD on full display and I am HERE for it! Love the Labs so far!
How much faster and easier would your work be if you did it all after Linus went home or before he came in.
Why don't you just shorten those cables?
what a comedy show, Dan is awesome
In all fairness to cage nuts, there is a tool that allows you to leverage them into place. Some types of racks actually ship with ones included. That having been said, cage nuts have also permanently damaged my right thumbnail
Dan is a one liner legend. His quips nail me.
That final Dan joke on the way out was spectacular.
As a network tech, who's done a lot of moving, i feel this.
I kinda want more of this
"I'm glad they're on the floor they're so easy to find" "It's nature's bucket" i chuckled
I have so many questions, but ... No, I don't wanna know.   LOL, the door. Classic failure.
First time I see Linus as an annoying boss
We all have a Dan in our IT teams😂
Its the trio we didnt know we wanted but needed it for sure. Hope everyone had a work life like this. I would work on sundays as well
I wish I could like this video more than once, I died laughing.
Reading the title, I was expecting he was going to homebrew another storage server which was going to go inconsistent within 6 months again.
If you can’t fix it with a hammer, it can’t be fixed!
I love Dan.
glad to see the football posters still being there
RACKSTUDS sucks ass! almost got shot in the face by one the "explored" after mounted
Even when you know and understand what is going on it still looks and sounds like a bunch of monkeys having carnal knowledge with a football.
As a network admin who ordered a POE 48 10g switch in March of 2022.... I envy Linus for HAVING a switch he ordered... as mine is still waiting.
flex
I always love when tech and Chaos meets humor I really like these "live", unscrioted videos, because its much more realistic and fun
Dan's the man!
The most annoying person ever.
for the cage nuts use a flathead screwdriver to push it in.
"Now face north, think about direction, wonder why you haven't before"
What is this hate with cage nuts? I just put one edge in, push them forward with my finger and use a screwdriver to push the last lip in. It takes literally 1 sec per cage nut. I did AV rack install work for a couple years and they never gave me any problems.
Lol this video is just 3 friends goofing around and being obnoxious just to annoy each other 🤣
This was ridiculously entertaining, considering I just watched three guys move some network gear from one rack to another for 20 minutes...
2:54 spoken like a true engineer!
it seems like they're installing enough network gear to be a mini ISP haha Diversifying Linus?
these types of videos are the best, lets see more of them
Linus crap shit
(OSHA Canada Approved.)
If the requirement to work at LTT is to be an agent of chaos that loves PC tech why the hell haven't I been hired yet XD
"I'm a fraction of the weigth this thing can support!" Discovers to his dismay that 21/3 is also a fraction.
More Dan.
They make a tool for installing cage nuts, and almost every bag of them I have ever bought have come with said tool.
There is a Tool to put Cage Nuts in place, but no one use this because they simply dont know. On the other hand, there is a reason why most Rack Hardware Manufactures having their own cage nut free systems, which you can order.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it"  "If we carry it, we drop it"    Seem legit
PLS Keep doing those kind of Videos PLS!
I am not hater
dang the effects are LIT sheesh
Big 'Michael Scott' energy today, Linus 😂 Somebody get this man a World's Best Boss mug
life hack for cage nuts, use a flathead screwdriver, put it in the indent and push, itll pop right in
Linus giving us major Michael Scott vibes with the hijinks in this 🤣
Dan is genuinely hilarious 😂
Gary, Dan, the whole crew is at some point literally the best embodiment of how we all can feel at times. Seriously love it!
Linus missed it so I'll help.  Jake: They are nylon bro, nylon are indestructible. Or so their marketing says. Dan: They are made of the same thing as your _screwdriver_ Me: Get yours at the LTT Store, link in the description above!
Linus server chaos video??? I love these so much 😂
At my job, I call this "Combat Networking".
I feel like this was “Bring your Linus to work day”
Best video in months.
Thank you editor's
14:48 Most accurate description of this trio ever
NO! LINUS NOOO!
The "that's the spirit" part just sweeted me!
The polite Canadian version of Michael Scott as a boss 😂 4:22
Slowly over the course of the video their energies switch. Dan and Jake go from srs business to DGAF and Linus goes from riding the rack to stressed linus real quick X'D
love dan he been a great addition to the team!!
Jake taking notes on the nerd mating dance at 18:10
Man wonder who the last tenant was they left this place in pretty rough shape...
3:00 This is why Michael Scott is not allowed in the warehouse!
At this point LTT is just The Office (CA)
These are my favorite videos ive watched the server room vlog playlist more times than i can count!
Linus standing in the rack while Jake and Dan push it feels like _bEuWx0_HqY (I swear this isn't a rick roll)
Linus rack racing really brings out some Michaels Scott energy
There are days when I realize that Linus is just the computer guy version of Tim the Toolman Taylor ...
Qualified click bait. Nice job boys and girls!
Dan is ny New favorit LTT employee😂
I love Dan lmao
I mean yeah they finished within a week but contracting a painter will take him less time and higher quality
Cage nuts...... little tip.  Ironically you have designed a screw driver....... USE THE FLAT HEAD. lol (Thats the way I do it anyway)
Hard to watch linus being really cringe
Fire Jake
16:24 "Its Natures Bucket" Free Real Estate
Man I did server stuff for a gov building back in the Windows 2000 days, and man has stuff ever changed.
That "You've enabled him" got me tho....
I love Rack Studs but I'm too afraid to use them on anything heavier than a OOB switch. Eaton rack nuts and screws are the best. Easy thumb installation.
Thomas Müller is in the Back rund  Germany
am i the only one who noticed that the train used in the transition at the start of the video is the Vande Bharat (Train 18) trainset.....
The more hosts in one video, the better to me. I love the dynamic when there's a bunch of others with Linus
Imagine trying to do business in Canada
2:51 Gary knows whats up
You've been wasting money since day 1 dropping half of the hardware you get your hands on. 🤣🤣🤣
as a professional data center tech with expertise in customer installations: i love you guys but i want to slap you.  ps  put your safety shoes ON!
i love this kind of video
Most workplaces: “shit the boss is coming, pretend we’re working”  LMG: “shit the boss is coming, let’s take a break so he can ride around in the server cage”
Every time Jake and Linus interact in these scenarios I'm like "Ah, Linus and his second spouse are at it again"
Put on side in and then the other side use flat head screwdriver . If your destroying you nails your doing it wrong
Damnit now R.E.M. is playing on auto-advance in my head.  NOW FACE WEST
We need a 2 hour long foutage of this
Jake is in charge of "special projects" at this point it covers everything
Mildly triggered.. Always screw in the bottom rack screws 1st.
Linus needs to stop being a kid. 4:00 not even funny, it's just annoying.
These are some of my favorite videos!
This feels like the office episode when Michael Scott operates the forklift in the warehouse 🤣
I remember I always scolding my bosses because they always do wreckless thing that might affect the business run and they’re so kind to help me but ended with accident injury…..both become silent and I just continue my work and he walk away like nothing is happening 🤣🤣🤣 ( I love to do everything so during that time I doing some machine repair job and he grab that spinning machine 😂😂😂😂 because he eager to help me eventho I said don’t do it 😂😂😂
So realistic. Whenever the boss gets involved it takes 3x longer. Just like in every other company xD
Cable management? That's going to look awful and be unmaintainable once you add the patch cables. At my job, I'm removing infrastructure like that and replacing it.
Fibre dishes on the roof?.. OK, mums the word!!
Really enjoy these types of videos over the scripted ones
As a network guy myself I know the pain of troubleshooting connections with missing labels.... 😭😭😭
YIKES. I would wait a few more days after mercury goes direct to do anything like that.
I loved every second of this
Linus in that rack reminds me of Michael from the office
This video was the moment for me where the unprofessionalism is no longer funny nor amusing. For the amount of time they spent & the knowledge between them, there should be no reason that closet wasn't was further along than it was when the video ended. The "joyride" that is working at LTT is clearly affecting the company & they can make as many jokes as they like, but yeah, the fact they couldn't even buy a shelving unit from u-line for all those parts is just disturbing. Talk about sheer laziness.
What else is in the closet Jake....Linus...Dan...the internets, Snap, Crackle & Pop. I will let everyone else decide who is who!
🎵 Despite his old age, he is still just a nerd in a cage 🎵
This is Dan Tech Tips now
Looks like you need a Project Manager… want my resume?
Yo Linus to the man that's said if it doesn't fit hit it he's LTT material
I love Jake, but someone please give this man a lint roller before shoots lol
Limus: Is octupusi even a word?  Also Linus: Building a server is fun!
Is there a reason for the giant photos of Marcelo, Pogba and Thomas Muller?
pretty cute, bro
Linus needs to be careful playing around inside those storage racks, that's how Houdini went down.
Whatever you're paying Dan, double it
AR switch view looks so cool.
This all looks like future Dan's problem.
I love Dan ❤️
you are not alone here, there is like 6 people who work here.  Not when you're that drunk there's not.  had me rolling!!!
12 year old Linus in the supermarket,
asbestos! love oldschool moving vlog vibe
5 minutes of Linus acting like a 12 year old I love it !
Really enjoyed this video - reminded me of the older videos of similar style and the moving vlogs! 😊
I'm happy to see Linus has fully embraced his inner Michael Scott
6:44 I disagree, for I have the power of the needlenose pliers. No jokes, they work wonders for installing those things.
A Linus networking video to rival the days of old. I’ve missed these
Jake is a bad influence on Dan
What i don't get: you guys talk about speed all the time but instead of terminating your cabeling with keystone rj45 female modules you use rj45 male connections put them into keystone female female adapters. That means 2 additional unnecessary connections. Why?
twitter probably has better working conditions
Well at least you have some money to waste…😮
But linus... off site back up for the other unit...
I want to see Dan making the cable management ! nothing more beautiful !
This small humble company is growing into an absolute beast
I love at the very end where Dan says asbestos as a sound proofing option.
Linus is like a kid and I love it hahahah ❤
Their called clip-nuts.
I absolutely love Jake and Dan's energy together, just an absolute work of art
There is usually a special tool for the classic cage nuts in the bag. Not perfect, but not that bad if you don't have to get them out again.
The amount of text popups and images in the intros have been too damn high recently.
"Colton's my manager, you're just my b!tch"
I think the clear idea here is to move all the server hardware to this warehouse instead, so much more space it seems, also moving all the workers that rely on the fast link to the storage to the new warehouse and leave all the writers in the old building with the sales and R&D. Labs, and editors sharing the one building with all the main infrastructure including the sound proof room and those massive Flac or Ogg files its going to create. its the smarter move really.
This episode is pure chaos and I'M HERE FOR IT!
they coordinate unplugging the internet/network like I do: Swap cables as fast as possible and hope people (i.e. wife and kids) don't notice  😀
"This is the moment we've been waiting foooooor"
Future Dan is such a nice guy
You can just tell Linus flies off at the handle sometimes and yells at his peasants (employees)
Dan + Linus + Jake is a triangle of chaos that I love and strongly reminds me of my friend group, albeit we're probably less entertaining to others
If it doesn't fit we hit it
Geez that's a lot of views in only 33 mins
I will say it everytime a video like this is made. (or something similar)  Linus' tax sheet would be an interesting read.  At this point I don't see why LMG doesn't start a channel for every mundane thing he buys.   Linus: "Hey Babe, I was thinking of getting 'kid name' a firetruck toy" Yvonne: "Have we got a kids toy channel yet? We could file this as expenses too" Linus: *looks at the CAD bills in his polite wallet* "Thank you for marrying me"
These three have MASSIVE energy synergy.
Some call it help. I call it: SABOTAGE!
Actually a good video m8 cheers for sharing.
The floor. “Natures bucket.” Man that’s good.
as a former data cabling engineer now 3rd line network engineer that,s not how you dress a cabinet guy's🤪🤪🤪 LMAO
I miss this old style vlog type LTT video. Very nostalgic. Love it!
I actually thoroughly enjoyed watching you guys out this together. If there is any more content that can be made from making this server room please do it! As a person who is wanting to do this as a living it can be interesting to see how you guys do it with the experience you have gained.
As someone who has spent considerable time in data centres and network rooms, this caused physical pain to watch.
The ground is nature's bucket - Jake, 2023.
Asbestos!  -Dan
Contractors for a sponsor segue? Linus is getting lazy.
Why is the dude with glasses so upset linus literally pays for it all kinda cringe.
Medication reason is your weight
"I'm just your bi***" - Dan
hahaha. "Oh we're gonna have to disconnect the internet" "Should i let them know?" "meh" is just the most networky and IT support thing they have said recently
Floor - Nature's bucket 🤣
“If it doesn’t fit, we hit it.” Someone graduated from Clarkson Mechanic College.
Dan and Jake need a mini series. The boys need to go shadow people doing real jobs!
Dan is brilliant. That is all.
We need more of this, I loved every second of linus getting dissed by the whole staff. This one is probably my favorite ltt video in the past 6 months
Man this was hella funny, i love dan and jake
😭get some zipties
"You guys are infuriating" "But we get it done..." true IT workers right there.
They have fun at work.
ubiquiti is at best good for pro-sumer, but for a full enterprise set up is horrible.
8:30 ..... $1600?
Lunar New Year snacks spotted
James got quieter and clearer for his ad spots. Very nice.
They do make a cage but tool btw
that beep made me go check on my 3d printers
QSFP28 is quad sfp28. Just use the names x.x
Honestly one of the best videos I've watched
Nature's bucket caught me
James is now a contractor... Shocker
Dan is just pure comedy gold, that dry and extremly fast humor constantly had me laughing way to loud :D
I love everything about Dan
I was wheezing at the chaos lmao
Haha, good crew! Looks like good times.
i love these style of videos, reminds me of the server room upgrade vlogs from when you moved into the office. just organised chaos is the best :)
Great job Jake, Dan, and Linus!!!
I work in the critical infrastructure field I can attest cage nuts are awful to use
Two enabler's and a Stockholm victim walked into a data closet.    Some time later an LTT video is released.
Yvonne, Linus, Jack and Dan relationship:  Yvonne: This is my husband Linus, and his boyfriend Jack, and their boyfriend Dan.
I'm here to see Linus' employees troll him without mercy.
More Dan needed
Theses hardware install videos are my favorites ones, keep up the amazing work.
i liked it make more vids like this one
Love your videos guys, but seriously, pick up a box every now and then...😁 It's good for you.
I wanna get drunk with Dan.
I like Jake a lot, he always seems reasonable, and i am very careful at what he says. And now when i was looking at him, it suddenly hit me. He looks like the chubby and funny version of GOOSE from TOP GUN! 🤗
Love these networking infrastructure videos. This'll be probably me at the end of this week when I have to populate a little 12U rack.
USE REAL HARDWARE
Liuz, you mention "the vault..." How's the restoration on that going with Wyndell? I haven't heard much about that in  year (at least).
this is the kind of content i subsribed for
Dan has the patience of a toddler
why is pogba & marcelo in the background?
“Could have fooled me” 😂
Oh, you jebaited me. You jebaited me well...
honestly these are the best videos :D
Did you call orange "red"?
Jayztwocent would loose it watching this video of cable management done by LTT
I reckon Dan should be in more videos... he's funny!
Thank you, thank you all... no, you don't have to clap... I'm just a man who called out Linus about a computer issue. its not necessary to refer to me as computer god... but you can if you want to. I mean... you would be right...
love dan comments!
this was hilarious! the floor of nature's bucket. holy crap guys. i love networking
Doctor Linus in a RED Tardis!
I didn't know diva was a management style lol
13:28 Yeah. Yeah! That's the spirit!  --- best part of the whole video lol
good lord   just walk the rack off  the pallet lol
I'm so happy find someone else keep their things on the floor so they're easy to find.
These bots are copying legit posts so they don't look like spam.
"You're not alone. There's like six other people working here!" "Not when you're drunk."  That busted me up.
Question for anyone, at 2:00 minutes the left side of the switch picture, what do the "blue dot" screens represent. Like what would someone be able to understand from looking at them? Thanks!
Jesus, Linus.  Really pulling out the rare references with that REM song.
Dan: "Asbestos" Linus: "Noooo"  This is the best line of the entire video and most people probably won't even see it.
Pure Quality!
10:35 - "A closet 20ft away" Yeah... totally legit XD
Jake: did i tell you there's a reason why i'm on medication? its definitely not cuz Linus acts like a 5yo (minus the temper tantrum), right? jokes aside, great video otherwise, very entertaining as i needed my meds which is laughter.
Maybe your parents wasted their time 👀
I unironically really actually did like this format of video. Just seeing the progress on the new facility is really fun to watch (same as the house updates). doesn't really matter what the videos themselves are about specifically (although I am a sucker for networking stuff like this), it's just nice to see the progress and to slowly watch it all come together. Keep it up!
Dan's segue out of the shot during the segue was smooth 21:21
You know you’re important at a company when you don’t even have a job title and it’s just higher-ups telling you what they want you to do
Since I had to move a server rack just 2 weeks ago with my collegues by hand (some floors already installed) I feel you bro.
Dan is a chad.
Dan's approach is so professional.
I'm just here to say that I've finally realized..Jake was totally the kid wearing shorts to school in the dead of winter. Shorts and a hoodie getting off  the bus, and making me feel frozen for him 😂😂
you guys need to put Linus in a brighter shirt so you dont lose him on the floor ;D
dan is mom, jake is dad, and linus is child
Someone there sounds an awful lot like the pre-prohibition depiction of americans at the start of 'Prohibition - OverSimplified'
My poor linus don't worry about the haters them  haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, baby I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off
i think the point of patch panels is that you have a front and a back of the cage and you use one on both sides so that you can get a direct pass through to the other side of the cage
One of my favourite videos in a while. Team did a great job on this one :)
I usually don't comment, but this video is thoroughly entertaining.
It's wild to me that this is the size of an operation that started out just as some guy who does videos on tech products.
Video landed just in time for the tax season lol
Linus (& the team), I love that kind of videos.
I love these builds. But let's not pretend that Ubiquiti stuff isn't total junk....
am i the only one that would actually much rather see them doing a proper install job, then having them yelling at each other like 5 year olds just for making more tense "content", it seems much more over played  then normal
That was indeed the best Linus' impression of Michael Scott
EV chargers? Hoping EVS get banned
Love these types of videos where the people just act naturally and show how things are going
Best LTT video series ever. Total chaos
On something like this it's a good idea to have a few guys that work really good with each other to call when something gets behind or you need someone to show up and just go around the job site helping do anything and everything.
that was a great video, Dan and Jake are fantastic together. its on the floor lol.
i am so sorry guys, but the network-guy in me starts barfing all over the place, wtf arw u doing. Now i have headaigs.
This is fucking _hilarious._
Dan is one of my favourite humans 🤣
⚠ It's a Clickbait guys! ⚠
Watching that brought back some memories of trying to re rack all the fibre in a government testing facility without any users knowing the network was going up and down like a yo-yo 🤣
That train was India's Vande Bharat Express
It's felt more like Linus management than cable management. 🤪
Future Jake problems have become Future Dan problems 🤣🤣
The look of utter defeat on Linus' face was both simultaneously heart wrenching and hilarious.
Linus: "The cavalry has arrived!" Jake: "Great! Where are they?"
Where did all the pink ultrathin CAT6A cables go?
That high five when Linus gave up reminded me of Penguins of Madagascar 😂
I'm actually considering looking into rack studs, thanks for the info
THIS was a FUN video
if it doesnt fit we hit it, man get him on camera more LMAO.
Lady's And Gentlemen, i give you Larry, Curly, and Moe for the 21st century
Everytime I see enterprise infrastructure like this, it reminds me how far you guys have gone. Loved the vid!
waste money > with 15,1 mil. subs 🤣 + sponsor.. so funny 😂
I love this episode even though it's filled with so much insanity and spaghetti
You need to move those front rails back into the cab a couple of inches, that cable bulge getting trapped by the door will get old real fast. Should be able to loosen both rails and shimmy back.
and if it still doesn't fit, just hit it harder
Linus Jake and Dan is my fav trio of all time from now 😍🥳
These three are the same energy but just rising each other and I LOVE IT!
Sorry for the long comment in advance.  To reduce stress on the network (I'm sure you have already done this). I suggest offloading L3 from the router to your switches and then set your subnets to a smaller scope, so away from \16 or \24 (if possible) and move to /25 - /28, usually for things like management ports and what not. As this helps reduce overall stress on the network. Though the existing network (my guess) is that it's not too intensive on the L3 side and more stressed on the L2 side of things.   Also, I'd be very curious to see if you would visit (or revisit if you have done this already) ReFS for files with Windows server 2019/2022 and see how it stacks up for general file server use in terms of performance & resiliency compared to ZFS. I only request it as you have a well sized environment in both endpoints and data and could show others how far ReFS has come in the past few years (compared to when it was first released in Server 2012).   Also, quick question, what do you guys use for your gateways (if you can share)? I'm curious as I'm potentially moving away from the UDM-P, but I wanted to get your thoughts as you have a much much larger deployment.
cage nuts...use a flat blade screwdriver...inserted 1000's of them
why is every video starting in low rez on my baller pc
Is this the first time Gary has been in a video?
Shoutout to Dan for mapping and labeling all the network runs. What a goat.
Jake is getting really big
Dan is very quickly becoming my favorite LTT employee, I want to see more of him!!
Have you ever tried Rittal cage nuts? They even come with insertion and extraction tools. No need to crush your finger nails.
While the rack nuts Linus mentioned are great, I found /dev/mount from Patchbox are much better. Also the setup.exe is also absolutely amazing and highly recommended for most rack work
3:50 exterminate exterminaaate
Linus is enjoying himself a lot more at work compared to when the "I have been thinking about retiring video" dropped. Seems you finally letting others run a lot of the day to day :) (This is in no way trying to marginalize Linus importance, it is simply a surface level observation about Linus general mood and is likely incorrect. but I hope its true :))
remember the stupidest or biggest mistakes are the ones you will remember for the longest time and best to look back at. classic vlog
you throw your cables around, hoping to attract a lady, if it does, she's definitely the one for you! Try it! 69% of the time it works 69% of the time.
Like an episode of The Office, but with Tech Tips
Love Dan
So how about a Collab between Lawrence systems and LTT or crosstalk solutions and LTT?
These three together are just hilarious. 🤣
Dan has really come into his own and he's a great addition to the on-camera team! Go Dan!
That train is a Indian train called Vande Bharat. Hmmm.....
When Dan and Jake were taking that rack through the doorway, all I could think of was PIVOT.
i just love dan
This is my favorite video with dan in it.  More Dan please!!!!
Linus please don't forget to gift me an enthusiast level gaming setup!
I dunno, maybe too rude, but when Linus said he's so handy, everyone missed the opportunity to respond:  Like Handiman, handy?
I like it how Linus, doesn't care about the stuff he buys but if that server rack fell down, I would laugh so hard.  And then starts criticize everyone.  Also Jake is one of favorites because he's the one that can properly rost Linus, without getting into trouble.
What summarizes this channel best: Dan accidentally puts 100 instead of 10 Gig Ethernet in the walls.
I just love Gary
its not a rack anymore, its a cabinet
Dan is becoming my favorite character at LMG
Also, leaving everything on the floor saves Linus from dropping stuff.
"yeah... were gonna have to disconnect the internet" "oh, Should i let them know?" both at the same time "nah" "Naah".  this tells me that i wanna work here, not because i know im gonna like it here. but the culture is Relaxed Enough that i can feel working there for a long time, and if im going to hate my Coworker and boss anyway. that kind of Pissed of is a Nice way to do it.
Jake and Dan need to be in more videos.
Linus  riding in the rack while his employees carry him is a metaphor for this whole channel.
I love Dan's humor and how it coincides with the rest of the team
Ah yes, mayhem on camera instead of mayhem "in private"
Cage nut tools are thing... So is the flathead on the LTT screwdriver ;)
Dan needs to be featured more he has my kind of humour.
This network builds never get old.
I absolutely love these vlog videos where we're just a fly on the wall during stuff they gotta do anyways. Give us more of those honestly.
Not when you get that drunk 😂
Normally I hate Dan, but this time he was pretty funny.
Probally one of my Favorite videos in a long time . What an amazing team Linus has brought together.
Jeeeez I would have an aneurysm within 3 minutes of working with Linus in a network closet.
This cable management :O I have worked with it. It hurts haha
Ubiquiti ? good luck.
work with u guys looks fun
2:35 - James won't be visiting Linus that often in the future I guess, lol.
love the combo, need more videos with the three of you together
"Asbestos" LMAO
Cage nuts go and out significantly easier with a small knife
“If it doesn’t fit we hit it”
It kind of blows my mind that a guy and company that are so good about small, wasteful, leaking lithium batteries! Actually seem to enjoy the gigantic, fire hazard, environmentally destructive, leaking lithium car batteries!!!!! Rotfl!!!!!! Because those are really safe!!
@16:24 didn't bleep the F word lol
Dan is carrying Linus Media Groups on his shoulders, while drunk
New channel plz: Drunk Dan Tips.
I love those vlogs, they're awsome!
Damn, Dan will have a lot of work to do still
Dan looks GOOD
Absolutely love this real world type content! Keep up the good work!
I think you need a financial advisor.
Linus being annoying to the two of them at the start was paid back with interest with how they annoyed Linus setting up the server.  I love it.
What a computer nerd clown mess!
'Coulton's my manager... i'm just your bitch...'
I would have just used the floor 😂😂 watching shenanigans with Linus steaming is hilarious
I started screaming "Yabba Dabba Doo!" when Linus started pushing that rack from the inside.
i love how the biggest slot is "basically just chaos" and it goes for 10 minutes
Loving these classic vlogs
Looking at Dan Jake and Linus, I have now realized that Linus is their son. If you merged Dan and Jake’s facial features together, you would get a Linus.
They make tools for cage nuts Linus 😵‍💫😵‍💫 lol
Looks orange to me.
I really enjoy these videos, they are like watching dumb and dumber with a tech theme 🤣❤ Gonna be great to see the lab backed content.
Wait till linus finds out about a cage nut tool
i love seeing dan cringe every time linus does anything
God bless Dan 😅
The fact that Linus is in charge of a "professional company" is hilarious. He's still such a man child.
Whats with the Adidas football signage/posters?
When they made the turn into the door I had one thought; Linus: The Action Figure! Looked like an oversized action figure box.
ooo
Dan’s the GOAT)
okay also that comment of why this is why your on medication is just sad jake you don't need anything but meditation and gym
What a great video, it properly made me laugh throughout
free charging nice
Boring video
Gary is such a character
Today onwards nobody Shak call me lazy, I'm just WORKSHY 🥰
When Linus doesn't want to fix the old server room he just buys a new building to do it again and better.
I enjoy these datacenter-like videos, gives me perspective how complex their network can be!
#floorparty
I suddenly feel like my server builds go more normal than I once felt.
How the hell is logistics going to get things off of the top shelves which are heavy? There is clearly not enough space for a forklift between these shelves. And if they are really already ankered, as Linus said, they are going to have big trouble.
Dan is like the adult in the room with Jake and Linus. Future Dan just wants Linus and Jake out of the effing way, lol.
every single video dealing with networks and servers and switches has me completely engrossed and I don't know if that's good or bad
Must.... organize.. so triggered mwaahah
Dan: "Colton's my boss, I'm just your b****."  Dammit Dan, we love you.  Easily the MVP of the LTT newbies.
watch at 2x speed to increase the chaos
2:55 That's what she said 🙂
Just epoxy coat the floor, its durable and nice looking.
4:40 missed opportunity to say PIVOT!
It will never not irritate me to see 2 10gb ethernet SFP+ modules connecting things 2 feet apart in a rack instead of using a DAC cable
Lmao Dan is the best and really evens out this trio
Linus saying "he's rolling his sleeves up" only for him to just pull them up instead is kind of a perfect metaphor
I love this networking content! I know it’s a slightly more niche interest but all the networking, homelab and smart home stuff is my favourite on LTT. Also, which EV chargers are you using??
If it fits, I sits. I can't believe I witnessed this.
Dan a man all alone wandering in no mans land...... poor dan
Jake bro that's my name as well, I struggled with weight most of my life and got into the gym and ended up going lots on top of my pc work and lost all of the weight . I also know you have a very nice car which is completely perfect for the gym you got this Jake!!!
Ahh, finally, the best kind of content is back again! Moving content and all the shit Linus jokingly gives everyone for being unorganized when it's most likely his doing! Also seeing an empty space evolve into an actual office/home away from home.  Also, had no idea you guys were moving, is there a playlist for all videos about this move? There should be a playlist for all videos about this move.
Watching this while waiting for all the parts of my first server to arrive! Thanks for these entertaining and educational videos LTT Team!
This hurts my networking heart😥
Dan is a MOOD and it's glorious.
I love how Linus is the boss, but he walks into the room like he's an apprentice.
Dan is the real star of the show, he is absolutely grinding
there is a cage nut tool that is AMAZING.  rack solutions makes it
It felt like an episode from "The Office" XD
now I want a server rack for some sick rack racing
Really enjoy the show format.
It's hard to come to work when you're getting rich.
This video is so fun too watch!
1:34 its on the store now
Dan is hilarious
hahaha linus in the rack looks like the fix it car in satisfactory
actually you're wasting our money....on 80 dollar screwdrivers lol
Linus is pretty much Michael Scott sometimes, and I love it x'DDD
I really love the install videos because it's basically like million dollar lan party setups.
Why you got Pogba on the wall in the office? 😆 2:40
you should let me in there to finish your cable management 😅
this is kewl
dan is just too damn funny!
I can confirm this is how every server installation goes, Pure Chaos.
Dan’s best appearance ever
Finally Server room content again :) Love it
Dan is a chad ffs 😂
2:47 how the top g got here
Dan is one of the GOATs
Yep about par for the corse
Ok, Dan is hilarious.
Stop the medication bro
Networking Video: 😄 With Chaotic Jake: 😍
The LTT logo is red?! Now I can't unsee how cheap my monitor is... 😒
Getting some Michael Scott vibes from Linus in the rack.
2:55 spoken like a true engineer
The lab’s having Thomas Muller and Marcelo on the wall was not something I expected to see.
Lol
Dan fits right in.
OMG I needed this video today. Laugh out loud funny!
If you every get the chance, try using a 23" cabinet with 19" adapater rails inside. A standard 19" cabinet like that is so annoying to do cableing of any kind inside.The extra room make it so much easier to manage cables, PDUs, etc. You will thank me!
0:28 - First thing he says when his boss wants something from him: Ughhhh.
Man, Lab2 could really use an arcade. I know a guy! It's me.
I thought this is linus home upgrade, and I was wondering why Linus need storage so big in his house?
15:22 "Not when you get *that* drunk"
I'm honestly surprised you didn't do bright neon green to go with the hot pink rack of your new home.
I love when they're just carting Linus through the hallway like the king he is lol
This is what happens when lazy nerds are hired
That patch panel scene where Linus gives up because of the spaghetti of cables was mint 👌
Sorry!  I only buy Knock-off LTT merch ;D
Dan is the best
Not when you get that drunk 😂
You really should get some real enterprise stuff where you can do multi-chassis link aggregation. Right now you're just playing with toys.
if linus plays with the rack and i stand there it would be an mutiple heart attack for me :S  WHY, linus, WHY? :O :(
Welcome to Linus Tech Tips Police Department
who let him cook?
Dan is a gem
There's a reason I'm on medication. - Jake 😂
"What the hell do you guys need a hammer for?" "If it doesn't fit...we hit it"😆
"Cage nuts suck, even good cage nuts suck."   Preach.  I've used those rack studs, theyre great.
the internet is gonna be off... :o should i tell them?.. nahhhhhh   - My internet provider at 8pm on a random tuesday
Why are the rack rails not threaded?  I haven’t used a cage nuts in years.
best back-up mobile LTE/5G antenna? Preferably one with mmWave support since that's basically required for the data throughputs that happen at LTT office  6:40; what have you done with Linus, you missed that segue
Linus is like the Whistlindiesel of computer hardware
"If it does not fit, we hit it"! LOL...
Why are you making  a Pregnant Man to do Lifting and all of that work ?!?! Shouldnt they be seated with feet up do to swelling or something ?  They will harm the child doing this .
Maybe update the Adidas kingsize posters: none of those guys plays anymore at the club from their shirts
I love seeing Dan every single time.
Could someone provide me with those Nylon Rack Nuts?
0:10 New actor for super mario movie right here
Classic LTT, using shitty prosumer gear for enterprise applications. So bad.
"Coltons my manager, I'm just your Bitch" oh my god
what a. cringefest
If only he could spend some money on proper SHOES
let me take half the staff to set up my house and make content .....oh what happened to our workspace?
Imagine if someone had made a tool to easy insert and remove those rack-nuts .... ;) (Spoiler: it exists, came with a every IBM rack I ever installed, and makes using those nuts just as easy as those fancy plastic things)
Ok
I love Jake’s defeated optimism lol
Invest millions into modern tech that will be obsolete in 1 year.
I really enjoy watching them install things into the warehouse or linus's home they are some of the more entertaining videos the team puts out.
If thay right then do that really make them a Hater or truthful
6:05 "we're just work shy" great stuff for organizing your workspace
2:54: Middle School PTDS triggered. (This be a joke)
You hire morons to do nothing... take your millions, get off the internet and live your goddamn life man...
"just keep asking questions and we'll do your job"
Linus is a professional car racer.
:)
"Rackracing" he truely is the Michael Scott of the tech world
The 3 of them together is indeed illegal
The chaoticness of this is exactly on par with Linus
Linus reminds me of Micheal Scott from the Office.
"If it doesn't fit, we hit it." Ah yes, the true answer on how to get the square to fit into the circular hole.
Tbh. There is a Cage Nut tool I use on daily bases. Its amazing, saves me all the fiddeling with fingers or a screwdriver.
a new network infrastructure video? i'm in.
Eaton giving a lead acid battery one because  LAB
*****The wisest thing that should be on everyone's mind currently should be to invest in different streams of income that doesn't depend on the govt. Especially with the current economic crisis around the world. This is still a good time to invest in Gold, Silver and digital currencies (BTC,ETH...)
Wish I could just disconnect whole departments from the network and wan without a change request weeks in advance and meticulous planning.
I mean.... we told you.
At 4:00, maybe this is why Linus isn't helping...
linus having fun
That wiring looks like trash
2.5Gb switch, WTF, 10Gb RJ45 has been a thing for years.
Imagine that being your boss while you’re trying to focus and work hard
You're also still ignoring the Nvidia shield news
“Theres 6 other people workin in here every day” —“NOT WHEN YOUR’E THAT DRUNK”😂😂😂
"Basically just chaos" - the new LTT moto?
This feels like Jake and Dan brought Linus to their 'Bring your kid to work'-day
I am damn sure JAKE takes Office Stuff in his STOMACH. Look how much it is SWOLLEN.
Linus, EVERY IT department has a hammer
Never heard of percussive maintenance?
Linus was giving major Michael Scott on the warehouse forklift vibes lmao
2:42 Thomas🐐
The more I watch Linus the more I think he’s actually Michael Scott.
Air fiber dishes on the roof? What happened to that cable running between the buildings?
"Do you know there is a reason, why I'am on medikation"
Moving/reforming sucks ass, i can relate to the chaos and exhaustion, must be worse for your since your have lots of big and delicate things lying around.
O_O
*cage nuts* I hate them, tho I did get good at them, you can save your finger nails if you just push harder.  Good luck with the Eaton, I find their gear lasts 12-18 months.  Thank you for letting us watch that insanity, that's so relatable.
Must...not hold back bad pun......have to say it.... Rack Stud?? Isn't that what they called you when you rode around in the rack? Dammit... I love how Jake has been there so long hes so happy to make sure to let Linus know exactly what he is thinking about him at that moment haha!
I love Dan :D
I for see that they will need a storage array in the labs location because of how much data they will need to store from their tests.
I was waiting for the rack to fall over and see a flailing Linus.
linus waste tips
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
4:54 Linus Gay?
Being this early to an LTT video feels illegal 🤣
Anyone else get nervous when Linus is gesturing wildly with a razer in his hands?
What are the logistical pros and cons of rack-mounting Linus?
Dan and Jake gunna have a word with HR about this 'Linus' guy.
I bet Linus' staff actually wonder how someone like Linus is their boss.
If it doesn't fit we hit it  - Gary 2023
You should really wear an anti static bracelet while you're in there.  There is enough static in there to blow up the entire building.
I like that you kept the big wallpapers of Marcelo, Pogba and Pjaniç. Football is at home in the LTT labs.
You guys only watch a sec of the video and then comment?
Что-то, ты парень делаешь гавно какое-то.👈😀
Linus on seeing the new rack reminds me of that kid with the unicorn from Despicable Me. "IT'S SO FLUFFY!"
3:00 to 5:00 its like a bunch of suburban dads trying to move an entertainment center
Haters be damned that boy can cable manage
the lab is creating better content when it is being built then when it would be finished😂😂
cool linus
I feel like you are the reason it isn't finished my friend. Let the professionals' do it and try to keep your hands off...I know you can't thought.
You are the best keep doing this!❤
LINUS. I have a remodeling and handyman business as well as a computer repair business where I do everything from software problems to NorthRidgeFix level board repair. I would never work for anyone ever again but I would for you!
This is what happens when enthusiasts and network admins are left in charge of installing networking cabling and hardware and instead of people who actually know WTF they're doing installing it. You get the kind of DIY installation you'd expect to find in someone's home.  Ever heard of network maps and drawings? Good luck fault finding any cabling issues in the future when you don't even know what cable goes where.
108th
"Did I tell you there was a reason I use medication?" No but I believe it should help if you move more :D
The correct terminology is PIVOT Dan.
Gary: “If it doesn’t fit, we hit it” Who said violence doesn’t solve problems?😂
And that older boy is their Boss. 🤷🏼‍♂️😂👍🍻
Why was the LTT-Intro missing in the last couple videos?
i was the thousandth like
What are all these people even doing? And what do you need all that space for? I'm very confused
Being able to waste money is a ability you earn so let the haters hate?
Linus you are a genius at wasting money in such a way that makes amazing content and in the end generates shedloads of profit.  Bravo really, it's kinda unique.
HOLY CRAP 28 SECONDS AGO
He's on his Michael Scott shit today
The waffle house has found its new host
Kick back and eat snacks best bars I ever seen on the channel
2:41 Thomas Muller.
"If it doesn't fit we hit it". Wise words Gary
Hello World!
Linus is wearing shoes?!
“If it doesn’t fit we hit it”
i heard if you say the creators name 3 times you get pinned? LINUS TECH TIPS LINUS TECH TIPS LINUS TECH TIPS
If it doesn't fit just hit it 😂😂😂 awesome.
2:56 ah yes The good old parenting tips
Linus even if u do youll get the money back from one video maybe two
ayo the algorithm is pleased by comments
damn two minutes ago
first 1000 viewers yay
This has sit on the same throne as Fanchen playing Rush E
L
_But you won’t waste your money….    with our sponsor!_
Did Vancouver get hit with any of the rain that has been pummeling northern California?
Your not wasting your money, I'm genuinely looking forward to power supply testing your going to do. A lot of crap on the market.
that Pogba sticker on the wall aged like milk 🤣🤣🤣🤣
love ur content
Watching this video and eating dinner
اخي هذا فلكس اكثر من لوكن بول
Is that Vande Bharat Train ???
Fix those wires jeez
One minute and I can’t get anywhere close to touching first comment. Well done LMG
It's not a waste if you're monetizing this video... And don't forget the sponsor too!! 😛
Wow, 17 views. Nice
eh
Hi Linus!
Yeah, for once not a video about the man's private residence. 👍👍
Last time i was this early i wound up eating my eggs raw
hi
*vor 58 Sekunden* i like it
The testing lab Is going to be crazy sweet when finished.
JAI SHREE RAM 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩
Is a customer vs. professional in for a rematch ? Like the old geforce vs quadro video, would be cool.
Good video 🫡
well im early
just get another job if you're lacking the money
Boo
Sup bishes....
First
firs
We were right you are wasting your money
Love you guys’ content, keep it up
"Kickback and eat snack" is the vibe
oh wow
First Comment?
First
Waffles
Great video thanks for sharing  Thomas
Hi
w
Fix those wires!
Oh This was a surprising title to see lmao
Hi
.
Knew it... After this message from our sponsors
Sic!!!!!
5th view wow!
WTF
I ain't hating, and you are not wasting money
Iam early
o w o
Gross
Whoa buddy
first
first 😂
FIRST!
Click bait
Dam
Great vid!
First
I love the Colour lf the Server rack
L
❤
first
First
First... :)
first
first (like actually first) literally 14 seconds ago..
i love you baby boy
W
Nice
