I have the real original 1937 New York central railroad spike with NYC on the head it’s not off the high line but it’s off the tracks of grand central
US
Reminds me a bit of the Liverpool Overhead Railway.
9:10 you really should check out 200th st. Inwood is a beautiful neighborhood with great elevated subway.
As an 80yr NEWYORKERS who grew up at 450W27st in Chelsea and attended SCHOOL PS 33 IN THE 1950S YOU COULDNT FIND A LOCAL to give you a better guide than a NewEnglander
We have something similar in Canada in St Thomas, Ontario. We’ve walked it in the summer plus visited the nearby train museum which was terrific. Great idea; gardens, views, art.
It goes into the 240s.  And almost everyone will put the street before the avenue when talking.
Thanks Geoff, you make me proud to be a Trainspotter. I spent too long living in the shadows keeping it a secret from friends and family. I now have a cool role model to point to if I get outed!
3:55 In a sort-of reversed form of this for myself, I always visualize automobile-sized playground equipment whenever I hear the British English term "car park", what we call a "parking lot" in American English
This looks like something actually to do in New York. It's not something I have considered before.
In french the railway sleeper or tie ,is "traverse" litteraly railway crosses....Weird no?  8:13 an Erhu
Great video Geoff. I walked the High Line 3 times in the 6 days we were in NYC. Now 2023, there are quite a few more art pieces since we were there in 2019, although we did only walk from the Hudson yards to Chelsea Market in 3 seperate stages. So my wife and I stated that the High Line was one of our highlights in NYC! I also LOVED the subway and found it fascinating... this is coming from someone who lives in a city which only has 2 metros - one active and one to be completed in 2025!
It’s Tie in America. They sell old ones at garden centers
They have one in Leeds now.
Ya man is rather overwhelemed to meet the mighty Geoff!
5-55 is there some kind of portal on them stairs because where does that guy disappear too climbing the stairs😂😂
5-55 is there some kind of portal on them stairs because where does that guy disappear too climbing the stairs😂😂
My goodness, the traffic it's so noisy.
Smell the Clorine? I'm surprised you could. When I was in New York in August, all I could smell was weed!
I love the High Line park. Always visit whenever I’m in Manhattan!
Been there and walked the whole length. One of my favourite places in NYC!
It must be me.  I think the HighLine is one of the biggest yawns I’ve ever seen.  Ditto for The Vessel.
You may need to be wealthy to live in New York, but you'll be all the poorer for it.
My feelings about the High Line are complicated. It's a nice park, but it also runs through an area with fairly relatively poor (by Manhattan standards) transit access, and here's an already-built right of way through real estate that is now untouchably expensive that could have been part of the solution. Using it as (first and foremost) a tourist attraction is kind of a waste. In the broader picture, our national fascination with rail trails (most of which are much more poorly executed, of course, because they lack the high-profile support this one got) serves mainly to pit pedestrians and cyclists against rail passengers, closing the door to potential future rail services since you would now have to take "parkland" (such that it is) away from people in order to run trains. A similar situation is unfolding in Queens, where a relatively straightforward rail trail project called Queensway is competing with a multimodal proposal called Queenslink that would still include walk/bike paths, yet also incorporate neighborhoods into the subway network that currently lack service, improve congestion on the existing Queens Boulevard Line by solving the problem of where to turn M trains around, and enable more circumfrential movement in a network that is far too radial to properly serve everyone's needs. Yet it's the former that will probably get built because it's cheaper in the short term, and the door will be slammed shut forever on the additional benefits the latter would have offered.
Suggest you read "Lincoln Highway" by Amor Towles
Yes, tie.  T I E.  Same thing you call a sleeper. Called a tie because they tie the tracks together and tie them to the ground.  Overwhelmingly made of wood in the US, because we're too stupid to make them out of concrete.
Love this! There was talk of us getting on in London beside the North London Line at Camden Road but I've not heard much about it lately. A couple more American terms they uses on the railways or should I say "Railroads", points are turnouts and shunters are switchers.
As a Brit I didn't know what a "tie" was in this context either.   But with a cancelled appointment, I gorged on youtube today and this word came up twice.   I don't think I can post links, but anyone interested should look at recent videos from "practical engineering", particularly the one about the shape of railroad rails.
We have our own high line in Chicago called the 606, which was originally built the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, and Pacific railroad, and fun fact, it was used to connect to the Chicago L, which ran freight trains with the CTA until the early 1970’s
I visited New York not long after the first stage was completed.  At the time the highline wasn't publicised at all in any tourist literature.  Found out from a friend who'd just been.  It's THE one thing I recommend  to anyone who is going there now.   Nice to see how it's matured from your video.
Since the last NYC episode, I've had the privilege of visiting New York for myself for the very first time and I was able to walk the High Line on a lovely summer's day....what a city!
Geoff you should meet with the TFL 3 a Youtube channel made of 3 people Danial Dylan and Hugh and they make interesting videos that you would like such as which way around the circle line is faster
Bridge engineer pedantry corner here - the tracks are not original in the sense that they are in situ from original construction. When the High Line was rehabilitated for the park, all the track and ballast was removed so the bridge deck could be rehabilitated. After the bridge deck was rehabilitated some of the original track materials (rail and OTM) were reinstalled on new ties to give an impression of what the High Line once was in its abandoned state.
Walk this every time I'm in Manhattan. its a great space
We have a nice railway park in Berlin called Nature Park Schöneberger Südgelände.
North America call them "ties". It is an old shipbuilding term carried over to the railroad(railway). Long timbers were fixed/tied between the Bow & Stern frames of a ship during building to maintain its shape/gauge, as do todays "ties" on the railroad tie together two rails.  In Britain we call them "sleepers". To move anything across the ground with ease, lengths of timber were placed on the ground as a roadway and items could them be dragged across them even carts and wagons. These wooden roadways were called "Sleeps" and hence the wooden lengths were called "Sleepers". And gradually these sleeps would have rails/plates fitted to them to improve the way to guide the carts and wagons and so it stuck.   The French call them "traverses" ("traverses de chemin de fer"). The Germans "Schwellen"; the Spanish "traviesas" or "durmintes"; the Itaians "traverse" or "dormiglioni".; the Swedes "slipers"; the Nowergians "sviller"; the Danes "sveller"; the Finnish "kiskopuu"; and my favourite, the Dutch "dwarsliggers".  Chinese when translated call them "rail pillow".
We visited this on my trip last year and loved it, a great way to walk round the city and explore
Geoff learning that we call them railroad ties is priceless. I wonder if he knows that we call people who work on railroad tracks "gandy dancers".
Great video. The High Line is definitely an item on my bucket list for when I visit NYC one day!
You briefly joked about the numbered streets. They do in fact go up to West 263rd street. Google Maps makes it easy to verify that the numbers go no higher…search for 263rd 😊 then 264th 😟
Geoff learns about... American railroads
I loved walking The High Line. Great views, high buildings and great food at Chelsea Market.
did this over 10 years ago now. Nice to see everyone enjoying the sights
Oreo was made in the Chelsea Market building because they took the lard from the meatpacking District on the high line trains direct to the factory 🏭
No, no, no - not tie as in tie fighter. They’re not ‘tie fighters’ they’re ‘TIE fighters’. It’s an acronym: stands for Twin Ion Engine.  Need more intersectionality with the geekiness.
Bobby could get it😮‍💨
Incredible landscape architecture scheme - world famous (the closest we have in London is the Tide at Greenwich Peninsula)
*Really glad to see Geoff back to covering Abandoned & Disused stuff - especially this time on another continent! Keep-up the good work!!* 👍
I remember trains running on it
What was this??
That's a pretty shrewd move by the investors.  When I lived up North I was passing through London in Trafalgar Square one hot day and the smell of chlorine hit me. It was pretty strong but then looking at all the punters paddling and a dabbling their tootsies in the water it seemed a pretty smart move from authorities in the quest for public hygiene to prevent rampant foot rot.  Then I got to my pals in  Amersham and turned on the tap for a cuppa and the same smell hit me out the tap.
When you have governments that work off a new blank sheet of paper every single day, what chance do people have. Time to use your wisdom and common sense to stay healthy
The term ‘tie’ to describe the wood that runs under and across most tracks is not just an Americanism! It is used all over Canada too. My parents, both born in the 20s, use that term.
Read up on the west side rail yard. As part of New York’s 2012 Olympic bid, the West Side Stadium (also known as the New York Sports and Convention Center) was  proposed as a football and Olympic stadium to be built on a platform over the rail yards. I forget which city got picked for the 2012 games🤓
2:57 Slight correction: those tracks led directly into the building that presently stands in that direction today, the USPS Morgan General Postal Facility, where they’d truck mail in and out from along the line. Two other fun facts: even Bell Telephone’s Bell Labs site (now Westbeth) was served by the New York Central, and Google’s new location at 550 Washington Street was the former freight terminus. Good seeing you enjoying the neighborhood!
The project was less about preserving the tracks and viaduct and more about preserving the native plants that thrived up there for decades. The city was almost ready to knock it all down as an eyesore! Friends of the High Line got experts to agree that it was a unique habitat that should be preserved, though ironically as part of the process to rebuild it as a park, everything but the tracks was ripped out to repair the structure and put in a proper drainage system. They did preserve seeds, seedlings and specific plants to put back in later.
When they made the conversion it was probably a great thing. Today, with NYC unfortunately suffering with a massive issue in the lack of infrastructure, something like an elevated track on 10th Ave would have absolutely been great to help alleviate some problems. Just like what is trying to be done with the Interboro line. Making it into a park will annihilate any kind of opportunity to help absorb some of the burden of the lack of NY’s transit system.
I’ve never been to the US. Your recent videos over there has inspired me to plan a trip.
The High Line was used to connect the piers on the Hudson with the freight service. Also, big Nabisco plant there, as well as meat packing.
You’re number 46 on trending! Well done Geoff!
The high line is definitely gonna be restored im telling you. You guys definitely need to get to the huson Putnam railroad line.
Very good 🙂🚂🚂🚂
I walked along the High line last year and went the wrong way and just walked around the industrial area
Awesome video! I've been following the High Line developments since the early 2000s. It's on my bucket list, though the UK is first b/c I've done NYC a few times. Thanks for covering accessibility!  I'm a new ambulatory wheelchair user (NYC state of accessibility/things being broken is another reason why it's not top of my list). The Bowery Boys podcast has quite a few episodes on the history of transit in NYC including elevated trains. Worth checking out!
Reminds me of the similar high lines in Paris. Maybe a visit to see Tim is in order. You may even find tea this time 😅
You should come to the Bowline, part of cycle route 7 in the village of Bowling between Glasgow and Dumbarton, it's got a very similar vibe, although it's less arty farty!
New York, New York what a great city
They have made a similar park in Paris, and isn't one planned for somewhere in London?
I presume this is what People On The High Line by New Order is named after.
Such a cool place. Been twice, but if I lived there I’d never be off it.
8:02 From Oreos to an erhu...
So for British and Americans the same is valid as for Germans and Austrians: "Our biggest difference is the common language!" 🤣
I like that, nice bit of green amongst the concrete jungle.
Be about 10 years since I went along it so only a few years after it opened. Looks like its grown up a lot more with the bushes and infill. A great place to be in New York but away from the bustle of the streets below
I love that the "yellow dude" has nipples
Neat video Geoff! Heading to New York next year, so will certainly give it a visit. As a Bristolian, I'll also be making a pilgrimage to Bristol Basin (now known as Waterside Plaza) which was built upon the rubble of bombed Bristol buildings, used as ballast in US supply ships during WWII.
When ever I see a video about The High Line I always think of Christopher Nolan! This is because Wally Pfister his former DP had shot a film called 'The Hi Line' and this resulted in their seven film collaboration
Manhattan's numbered streets actually go down all the way to 1st Street. But 14th Street is the first one which goes uninterrupted, and in a straight line all the way across Manhattan.  The numbers go up to 220 (on Manhattan) and then continue into the Bronx. But most streets in the Bronx aren't numbered, nor does the Bronx have a grid like road system. But there are streets with numbers exceeding 250.  I think the subway station with the highest street name in its name is "Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street", which is the terminus of Line 1.
Did that walk a few years ago! In the south end there are two nice places. Chelsea Market and the Standard Biergarden!
He just mistake the name for the LIRR train yard. It’s called the west side yard.
We Americans (converted Brit in my case) may not say "brolly" but there is a now deprecated Americanism for umbrella... "bumberchute".
Wow Geoff - I'm from Australia and have walked the highline over5 times since I've been to NY over the last 10 years.  Where have you been 🙂
Very enjoyable video, I enjoyed it.  We didn’t get chance to walk it when we went, would love to go back and do it now though. Thank you 😊
Very nice vid and very nice place. Actually the first former rail viaduct which was reconverted that way is in Paris. The Tim Traveller made a video on it a while ago. Surely New York Highline is more known worldwide and inspired many other projects. Speaking of which, there is one in Milan on a dismissed railyard. Scalo Romana or Parco Romana, which is the new name. Actually the rail line is active and will remain active, while the dismissed rail yard will be developped with a park and various buildings (among these the Olympic Village for Milan Winter Olympics in 2026, currently u/c). But the rail just cuts through the area, which is splitted in two by it. So the idea is to stitch everything together by building a pedestrian platform, a linear park, suspended over the working rails. It's a bit tricky beacause this won't be a former rail viaduct, but a new viaduct, for pedestrians, built over the existing tracks for over one km of lenght. But the inspiration is the Newyorker Highline and the outcome is meant to be similar.
I've walked the High Line many, many times. Its actually great not just for a stroll but if you actually need to get anywhere along 10th from ~14th to 30th.
Technically a "crosstie"
3:10
I checked the google maps and it's interesting how you can still see where the line continued on because some buildings still have "tunnel" and others have that part closed but it's in different style to the rest of the building
Geoff!  Two points:  1) I am astounded that a huge train nerd such as yourself has never heard the American term of "Tie" with respect to a railroad and which is the same as a 'sleeper' in the UK.  Wow!  I think Canada might also use 'tie' as well.  2) The chlorine smell in pools is a sign that someone peed in the water!  I forget which channel I saw it on here, or maybe was done with Mythbusters, but someone did an experiment where they took two buckets of water and added the appropriate amount of chlorine.  They then added urine to one of the buckets.  The one without the urine had no smell at all, even after a week.  The one with the urine had the classic chlorine odor.  But don't worry, it was still safe for your feet.  Just an FYI!
I walked the Highlline on a beautiful Spring day when I was first in New York City. Loved it. Amazing place in a heck of a city. Hope you enjoyed Geoff and great channel.
My favourite city and I love the Highline. A must do on every visit to NYC as it changes as the seasons change. I hope you visited the Transit Museum too.
Really enjoyed the High Line walk, great video
I hope Geoff teams up with Tom (tomdnyc) for a video. That’d be awesome!
Now you need to walk the Honeybourne line in cheltenham. also raised and you walk from cheltenham spa to cheltenham racecourse where the Gloucester and Warwickshire heritage railway begins.  I am a local and would be happy to show you the history along the route. Not only are you walking with the roof tops but you have a clear view of the cotswolds.  Thanks geoff for entertainment.
So you learned an American railroad term, tie.  The Highland plantings were designed by a Dutch landscape architect, Piet Oudolf.  They've matured considerably since I last saw them.
<removed by Stephen hunter> The reason for the choice not to use the high line for public transport makes sense.
New York City! My hometown! I hope you enjoyed your visit!
About NYC's street numbering system: 1. The east side has numbers going all the way down to 1, with Houston Street being the next one south. 2. The Bronx actually uses the same numbering system as Manhattan, so 260th Street is a thing in Riverdale, the northernmost point in the City 3. Queens and Brooklyn actually have their own street grids, but with different rules, more repetition, and a whole lot of weirdness. Moral of the story: NYC is ridiculously complicated and trying to understand it is trying to achieve the impossible.
The rails are original, but were removed and replaced later for aesthetic reasons in slightly different arrangements.
Thanks Geoff, very interesting but in all the time you have spent in the USA I cannot believe that you have never heard of a railroad tie before.
Going to be in NYC myself in 2 days and this is on the list. Great timing and good video Geoff!
This is awesome. I walked the High Line in August, loved it!
Go over the Hudson opposite the Chelsea Market and visit the old Cunard-White Star Jetty. Historic site.
Ties and sleepers, elevator and lifts, guards or conductors on a train, drivers and engineers. This ongoing list 🇬🇧Brit’s will get a laugh with in North American railway/road terminology.
Nice one! Sydney's got the great 'goods line' park/walk too, one of the only sections of the darling harbour line not converted to trams!
Did anything happen with the “Low line” park concept? I remember finding that pretty cool a few years ago.
Bobby’s cute 🥰
You can't call Bobby a local!  That's like saying a guy from Glassgow is a local to Manchester.
A quick google, and NYC goes up to 263rd street in Manhattan, if you continue north to North Riverdale, where the city border is. But if you head east into to Queens, there is a 271st street in Glen Oaks. I'm surprised that you didn't know a railroad tie was the same thing as a railway sleeper...
Google has part of the old Nabisco factory, but all of the larger old Port Authority building next door
Oh, so that's what a sleeper is - it's a tie!  How in the world did we end up with such different words to describe the same thing?!
It's such a great park, so well planned and executed.
The meat packing district was mostly below 14th St, I can remember when they were still there
Love this. Last time we were on the High Line it was the middle of winter and bloody freezing.
9:22 Little did they know....
If it wasn't raining, you should've also visited the Little Island, a new floating park right by the lower end of the high line
Geoff could you do a video about the terminals across such as CNJ, Hoboken etc? from another Geoff
Geoff, I’m glad you got to the High Line; it’s wonderful. It was also the inspiration for a similar project recently opened  in Manchester, featured on Gardners’ World three weeks ago.  The New York streets extend up into The Bronx, the most northerly of which is 263rd Street in North Riverdale. After that, you cross into Yonkers in Westchester County. I live a mile south on West 239th Street. I’ve edited this, because I originally said I lived on 231st Street. I’ve no idea why, other than cumulative sleep deprivation.
Geoff Marshall is gaining a large American audience recently. Good work. He should try Japan next.
I walked the High Line back in 2004 when the district was a little sketchy and again at track level in May this year. What a transformation!  I know you love an interesting statistic or two so here goes:  First train - 1933 to RC Williams & Co warehouse Official opening - 28 June 1934 Last train - 1980 three boxcars of frozen turkeys Total surface area - 296,000 sq ft / 6.7 acres Total length - 1.45 miles excluding the Post Office spur Total columns - approx 475 Building travelled through - 2 Buildings travelled over - 13 Buildings with sidings - 9 City blocks crossed - 22 Total street crossings - 25 Maximum width - 88 feet Minimum width - 30 feet Rail easement - 20 feet above track level Maximum height - 29 feet above grade Materials - steel frame with reinforced concrete deck  Source: Reclaiming the High Line (Design Trust for Public Space, 2002)
My dad remembers seeing trains on the high line when he was young. He grew up in the Bronx and used to visit his grandmother who used to live in Manhattan.  There's a video on YouTube showing live footage from the heydays of trains traveling on the viaduct. It must've been wild seeing that.   Bobby comes from the state where I live. Boston is about 4 hours north of New York City by train. It's an interesting ride too because the first half of the journey is on the former New Haven lines with the old antique catenary infrastructure still intact. The section from New Haven to Boston was electrified in 1999 or about 85 years after the initial electrification when money ran out.
Blimey - we were there just a month ago!  It's a wonderful thing - much of the track is still there.  Surprisingly difficult to find the steps up to though - or to reach it by Subway!
I used that to get from my hotel to a conference where I was speaking some years back. Great place!
Check out the greening of the impressive Castlefield viaduct in Manchester.
Was there in August. It was far far too busy.
Yellow Umbrella at 9:29! HIMYMTMIYKYK ;)
That was the most fun tour of the high line I've  seen.  You guys make a great double act - I'm thinking g Laurel and Hardy. Take Bobby on a train tour of Canada!
Fantastic video, thanks chaps!
I visited it a year ago, soooo cool! The art has changed since.
I've been wanting to see more of the High Line for years. Edited an article about it way back - one that really didn't tell the real story. You hit the nail on the head!
I went there a couple years ago!
Nabisco..Oreo! You can tell Geoff is a mere youth...it's Shredded Wheat, you want😅 Welwyn Garden City's pride and joy...
I did the Highline when I was in New York last December for my 60th -( then went up the Edge )  loved it
Day 3, Geoff?
Cool to see another NY video!  This video reminded me of my walk on the 'Viaduc des Arts' in the 12th in Paris. I'd love to walk along the High Line too.
Fun Walk Around
Wait, BOTH guests you had in New York are from Massachusetts??
There's a similar project on the way between Camden and York Road using the empty tracks next to the Overground Line.
Until I started watching you and Ant and the Whitewicks, I had never heard the term "sleepers" (other than referring to people who are asleep). Here in the USA, they are indeed referred to as "ties" or "crossties". I'm glad you were able to visit the High Line.
Went to NYC in march. Thought it was a dump and the high line was a waste of time
More nyc content please :)
We also use "Tie" in Canada for the wood LOL.
Thank you Geoff for this video. Next stop Boston?
Thanks for another cracking vlog very interesting and nice to see it didn’t get lost and ripped up 😮
Nice to see you visiting the high line! Was the northernmost part of the elevated wrapping around the train yard still closed? When I was there, it temporarily ended at a fence which included signs and images showing the history of the high line. Also, there are additional remnants of the elevated further south, including a whole section located within a building! The high line is a blast!
I love the thumbnail Geoff, but it would of been pretty funny and cool if you made the thumbail like your old "London's Lost Railways" series instead it would be called "NYC's Lost Railway" like when you made the only lost Railway video on the island of Alderney
3:13 is my favourite part
To be fair, railway "tie" makes just as much sense as "sleeper".
The grid continues up to 193rd before becoming discontinuous, up to 220th disconnected but still aligned, and the numbering continues up to 263rd for non-grid streets.
Is it just me or did I just watch a Geoff Marshall bromance video 😁 give me an ‘end of the line’ video any day , just quintessentially British as is…what’s that word again🤔..oh yes !..😂☂️’brolly’
Is Geoff coming back or is he going to stay for good.  One can hope
I love your videos Geoff :-) glad to see you visit NYC again! I have actually been to this location a few times and is very beautiful. Anyone visiting this location at night time you actually see Japanese roaches as well as American and all different types of nasty roaches so just beware lol
I think people in Seattle sometimes call umbrellas "brellies".
So the only person Goeff could find to guide him through a NYC park is from Boston and is not too sure about anything about the High Line...
You should've noticed that the shed moves back and forth
How fitting they were in the Meat Packing District because there was a lot of butchering of the language going on in this one.
Did the exact same walk last year, so great to see the highline again. Great memories :)
Imagine the contrast of what was the Meat Packing District then with the posh condos and businesses.  I love rail conversion public spaces when well used, well loved.  The flowers along the way were a huge plus
Come on I don't believe Geoff didn't know the term tie meant sleeper.
I don't think Bobby had a brolly
America is one place I would not like to visit.
Well you certainly picked up one Americanism say "betweem TO" rather than "between AND"  or "From to" for dates!!!!
I love the high line.
Nice to see Chelsea had a high line 😂😂😂😂😂
5:50 possibly the High Line's least used stairway \m/
Ah, two nations divided by a common language.
For someone who lived in the US for a while, I am guessing Geoff was just winding his guest up about ties vs sleepers.
Is the "U" loop around the Hudson Yard already open? Was closed when I visited in oct 2022. I had 1,5 hour in Penn Station, this was litteraly the only thing I visited.
This is the sort of thing I was expecting from the new National Trust park in Manchester along the old train viaduct, but no, it only occupies a tiny section of it
I stayed in New York for about a week about three weeks ago now and I walked the High Line twice. The hotel I was staying in was two blocks over from the red and pink tree. You can see that thing for quite some distance! I only found out about it as one of the spurs is very close to a Whole Foods supermarket which I visited more than once. It really is worth doing although I prefer doing it early in the day as there are less people. Some parts are quite narrow as the trees and bushes grow over the line.
Still kicking myself for not making time to visit there on my last trip.
Great, thanks. It was interesting to see how it had changed since 2014 when I was there. Didn’t know about the Oreos origin.
whats up with geoffs little skunk mark??
I've walked most of it except for the last piece that they opened. I remember it being an abandoned rail line back in the 70s & 80s... There was also the West Side Highway which was an old roadway not too far away.
Yes Geoff - one of my favourite things to do in New York City!!
Cool! I'm in New York next month and that's a definite to do 🙂
Very informative. First time I've seen the Highline in any detail. Thanks, Geoff.
Oof, hello Bobby 😍
geoff, it would interesting if you checked out the latest new york city transit additions, east side access and the 2nd ave. subway and compare them in terms of time of construction, cost and project scale  to the elizabeth line.
If I recall correctly, the HIgh Line replaced street running where locos had to be protected by flagmen who rode horses.  There were many accidental deaths assocated with the line, so it was elevated in a large project that took several years to complete in the mid-20th century..  Cheers from Wisconsin!
Going to open up the Oreos versus Hydrox debate. Hydrox came first and were kosher. Oreos are the knockoff and although nowadays they are probably kosher, for years the filling included animal fat that wasn’t.
Geoff - Google "US/UK railroad terms" and then go to the link that takes you to US-UK Terminology. Sleepers (UK) are called ties or cross ties (US). Sleepers in the US are Amtrak cars with beds in them for overnight travel.
Thanks Geoff. That's another thing to add to our to-do list when we visit later this month!
What a clever idea - thanks for showing us around :)
yeah, The USA does have different terminology for railways then us Brits.. Ties are Sleepers, Cars are Wagons, Engineer is Driver, Conductor is Guard, etc etc
At 09:32 there is a great shot of a diamond crossover/crossing in case anyone is interested. 🛤
I went there in 2018. Great walk. Adopted a flower on there  for my wife
Great video! Lived here for 10yrs and still not managed to get to the High Line yet 🤦🏼‍♂️
The hair, Geoff? Do you need to talk to someone?
Great walk the high line, I walked it back in April 👌👍👍👍
The original 1850s West Side Line ran on the streets, specifically on 10th and 11th Avenues, escorted by the West Side Cowboys, all the way down to St. John's Park (where the entrance to the Holland Tunnel now is). But there were too many pedestrian deaths over the decades, so in 1926 the City and the New York Central agreed to grade-separate the railroad as part of an improvement project led by Robert Moses. The High Line was completed in 1936, but with the advent of trucks, traffic declined and it was closed by 1980. In both incarnations, it served only freight clients, not passengers. BUT there was a Fantrip at some point, which is where the photos of passenger railcars comes from. The MTA did consider at a couple of points buying the line from CSX and using for passenger service, as light rail or an extension of the 7 line, but obviously that never came to fruition.
Great video Geoff,looked amazing,thanks Bobby 👍👌😀
Nice video, but I still hate NYC, amd the whole of america in general...
Heh, we've gone from underground to high lines
If this is day 3 ... what were you doing on days 1 and 2 .. or was it not train-related ?
how do they close it when theres no gates?
Absolutely normal that the NYs are against the MASS people. Don't forget, NY is mostly irish founded, Massachusetts was scottish and Virginia was english based. And they were different countries in a way before they joined the Union
Hey Geoff! Got a question for The Under 18's event At the LTM (London transport museum)  What kind of ID do I have to bring (I'm 14)   I'm really looking forward going to London from Gloucestershire :)
That is so nice.
Thanks Geoff for such a brilliant memory. My family & I did the walk 5 years ago on a Sunday morning. Sitting now at home on most Sunday mornings I cannot believe I was actually there - it is something special......
Tie/Sleeper, Point/Switch, Driver/Engineer, I have an old English~American technical  dictionary which is surprisingly thick, and not to forget the imperial measurements they still use across the pond. Thank you for a nice walk in the Big Apple !
Nice to meet Bobby! I hope he's featured in more of your NY videos ;-) Dad joke: If Bobby was a policeman, would he be a cop or a bobby? That bit about not being allowed to cycle along the High Line - I don't think that is too much of a problem because I didn't see ANY bicycles in the whole video - correct me if I missed them!
I AM WALKING ON IT NOW @geoff what great timing !
I think it’s cross tie because it lies crossways to the rails and ties them together.  Tie for short.  Sleeper is a fine word for them, too.  It’s just one of the entries on the list of words that British and American English use differently.
Surprised they didn't hop a train to 200th street lol😂
Very nice. Thanks Geoff
Brilliant video Geoff, as  usual. 🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
Yeah, tie is the same as sleeper over here, some times also called cross tie or cross ties.
Make sure the people that live in NYC y'all get ready for the loud alarm at 2:40,  also w video
British English and American English collide again!
I walked a slight bit of it when I was in the US in summer as well, it's really pretty and gave me an art idea
Bro just embrace the grey
Haha not Geoff starting the Massachusetts vs New York East Coast Civil War
if you want the real abandoned rail tracks look for Smiling Hogshead Ranch
When is the low line being introduced 😂
“Tie” is indeed the American word for “sleeper” (or vice versa)
Nice to see a New York based video again! 👏🏽
Can I do a video with you in East Yorkshire
3:10 area, that SPECIFIC section went into the United State Postal Service sorting complex.  As for the street numbers, the highest in Manhattan Island is W 220th street. The highest on the Manhattan Bronx street grid system is 263rd street, just south of the border with Yonkers. The highest number is on the Queens street grid, which runs west to east, and gets to about 271th street, way out on the eastern edge of the borough
Geoff needs to get to Japan...He could get lost in their train culture and would love it!
nice to take a break and see how it goes over the pond, great video as usual!
Back in New York again, Geoff? You definitely deserve lots of breaks for all your hard work ❤❤❤ thanks for the video
bro finished London map and is now doing out of world side quests now
Great vid
Nice video Geoff
To New York!
Thanks again Geoff! It was a real treat to hangout and walk the High Line together. If you ever need a non-native New Yorker to share (mostly) correct fun facts again, you know I'll be there. Plus a big thanks to my friend Mookie who told us all about the history of the Oreo!
