Message to boss Elon musk please: I urgently need you to read this I'm just a teenager but I have big plans or bigger than big I won't divulge all the information but  I will speak one  The cell separator everything in this world and outside it comes down to cells so for example Water with high levels of pollution as I said it all comes down to cells and molecules so in water the dirt cells don't mix and with the cell separator a lot can still be created I've seen your story I'm not just a fan who just wants attention to get rich I want my opportunity to make my mark and make the future even more advanced please  Think about it let me have a chance to be someone extraordinary
Why does Starlink have NO customer service? 4 days without internet and no response from Starlink..
Hey Elon, I was in the US Army and would love to be of the first people to put foot on Mars. I was diagnosed with a pituitary tumor that was unsuccessfully removed so I do not know how much longer I will be of use to Mankind. I scored so high on the military entrance test and finished in half the allotted time, so they thought I was cheating and made me take it again under close observation. I scored higher the second time and finished even faster. I would only ask two things in return for my service. 1.) Let me get one of your electric cars to use until I leave. (I sold my vehicles so that I don't run anyone over if I pass out from the tumor.) 2.) Build a library and name it after me when I die. EyE SEE YOU ⚡👁⚡
And some idiots still think it's all a joke!
Kate Tice in voice only - Sounds like her
sytarlik spy service watching your screen and input devices. expensive trojan virus!
Starlink super. I. Mask super!!!
Bearti kelihatan kan ini roket masih masih didalam lingkaran kubah ,video lepas gas peluncur kelihatan video diganti dengan pandangan CGI,coba video yang dikasih live secara menerus(dimenit 10:52) nontonnya,pasti kelihatan lah permainan/bisnis satelit ngakunya bisa keluar kubah langit nyata sebatas gambar CGI!!! Kocak Lah!!
Amazing
Musk, you are handsome! The cameras worked great! Received tremendous pleasure from watching the process! You are super! You are my idol!
Маск , ты красавчик ! классно сработали видео камеры ! Получил коллосальное  удовольствие от просмотра процесса! Ты супер! Ты мой кумир!
❤
Ээ вы что, а где нарусском языке комментарии?
13:45  🛸
la vai o bichao inclinando inclinando e caindo mar bem distante da nossa visao mas temo a p mil e da pra ver ele caindo o resto e cgi de computadorkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk otarios
minute 13:04 i see UFOs
ฝั่น ร้ายจัก กลาย เป็นดี ขอให้มนุษย์ เครพพระจ้าว สาธุ
Music intro 0:00 - 3:55?
It is necessary to destroy all the satellites of Ilona Mask's spies with a laser from the ground
Again. The landing is never shown? Cameras cut off and the pad is shown with no faring? Wtf?
우주선은 잘만 쏘면서 아직도 착륙 카메라는 개후지네
*IS THAT A BIRD FLYING ON THE LEFT SCREEN AT **12:36**?*
did the landing go wrong? why didn't they show? mmm from Argentina
Its amazing to watch that human can do anything,😍😍😍😍😍
8:46 30 seconds
星链+海钓直播交易平台！！！！！！完美！！！！！！
Gyroengine
Menit 09.31 lock
starlink now become a most powerful destroyer weapon very cool !
I love that I got to be out there to watch this launch.  It is the most amazing and awe inspiring thing.
Nice job
Now a lot of people seem to like the new webcast stile, but I have an opinion of my own and I will say that I much rather prefer the old webcast style discontinued at SES 22.
I love spacex
Good to see that they have reduced the commentary track, so they don't explain every little detail all the time. Keep this up, it is way better. Now we can just enjoy and listen to the sound of the rocket taking off and mission control talking. ☺
Elon if you need help in special effects lemme know... probly would add some texture to your cgi...and not use stock filters for fog....
Starlink is a threat to the world. It could be militarized by US government who cheat, steal & lie. Can you imagine there are thousands of satellites of other country at sky above you, watching you everyday?
How tall is the first stage of falcon nine?
So much enthusiasm. Just goes to show you.
Profoundly beautiful is SpaceX
I'd love to take a ride up and down on that 1st stage booster. Can you imagine how wild that ride must be! Thanks for sharing SpaceX!!!
What are the 4 towers around the Falcon?
18:57 this in the rocket is not a bag
Классная компьютерная графика...все как в реальности! Ска...ракурс только менять не стоило. Земля то слева то справа! Двигатель работает как газовая комфорка. Вы чо бля?! В голливуд обратитесь...там профессионалы без дела сидят..они вас научат как фейки снимать...качественно!
Perfect example why you do not need big wasteful government. Capitalism and private enterprise is the answer with a small and efficient government there to make things easier for big and small businesses to succeed. How we got so far away from this is literally a crime.
💛
Stage One tried to return to Mother Earth. According to the numbers shown, it did. According to the videos shown, it did not. What has happened to it, I wonder?
Lol 😂🤣😹
а ракетоноситель не приземлился что ли??
https://youtu.be/u_A7xdnVllM?t=824 what is the object that flashes eight times before leaving top left of the video?
Thank for making Night photography of the stars and sky more or less impossible now ...  Thanks for making it look like there is just lots of trash in my photo now .....................  But hey everyone has internet now ..  That is what's really important ...  Not the beauty of life at all  Now ....
Wish we would have seen the stage 1 landing. Still smazing tho!! 👏
Elon, I wish to shake hands with you one day.  Thank you for your talent and hard work with no sleep.
судя по видео ступень так и не села(
No deafening cheers for the 100th landing of stage 1!! No picture of the rocket sitting on the drone ship... A confirmation of a landing, is not the confirmation of a successful landing!! I hope they did land it! But I have a sneaky suspicion stage one went in the water!
SPACE X IS THE BEST.  I WANT SPACE X TO GO WHERE NO ONE HAS EVER GONE
Congrats @SpaceX on landing Falcon's suborbital booster stage. Welcome to the club! Can I get a Jeff who? :D
Now All Deutche Came in Low Parel As This And All are in Rytheme and in Symphany And Britania Resigned From The Service watch All in Wanted  Then All To France They way With Palestine And Irani They Way All are With France With Afgan Watch in Wanted and on Boat and on Interview With All In Boat And in Ocean And Golden Britania Resign From The Service Then All in They way All are with France To Get All Away To England And Away in Hydrabad So They Can't Interfere Then All Away And All in Risk Then All in Jumbo and in Space and in Not To Show Thier Vision And Keeping Halt Or Barrier To Stop Thier Vision On Sketch And On Paper And On Kajaria Radhe All in One go Ready Then Now All are in Then Reserve Then All in Show Vision In Box of Almost As Same As Bandra Station To Show Design From In Then All Here are in To Get All in They way In Ocean Then All in All Clean In Front of Station Chembur Then All in Use Random Access Then All in General Store And in Liquid Nitrogen Then All in Mirror on The Wall Then All To France And To Vision As we See in ₹1 and in ₹5 All in Then All in Toilet And In Restroom Then All are in And In Border Then All are in To Get All What we Seen For Summer And For Next Summer Then In Upcoming Summer In 2024 They Planned All in Attack on Gulcose Then All in 2023 in Calcium And In 2022 all are in Mass And on Spicy They way they All are in To Get All Spice Vanish From All General Store and From All Till Last Then All in Consumer and And All Till All in Everest and MDH And All in Over out 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu Code Set on 12:58 pm Then All in Uri Then All in 80 Neu And Save 320 Neu 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu As per Europe it's 2:06 pm and As per Atlantic Standard Time And As Per Ocean it's 12:00  am As per Pacific Standard Time  Now it's 6:06 pm And All Tropper And All Thier Troop are in To Get All in This They Way All are in Palestine And in Israel They Way All are in 2025 Summer and And in 2026 Summer All are in To Get All Covered With They way all are in With Machine Gun In Israel And in Palestine And Now all are in Germene and in Afgan All are Sulphar And All are Applying Penal 4 To All with Penal 1 2 3 And Then All Penal 4 are in Afgan and in Japan Watch All in Bear Grylls And in All in Myanmar Then To Cut All First Cut Egypt and Misri Which is Ocean And Here in Wood Then All in Chruchgate and in Panvel and Virar and All You Get in Last Local at 11:40 From VT Then Summit On Marine Line By Lamborgini Then All in Finish And in Shine Then All in Glass and in Helium Then All in Speed And in Time To Cover A RPM Return All are in Then watch All in Sooryanshi Then All in Eid Mubarak Pure Mass With Full of Spicy and Nutrient Which Make you Sharper Heathier And All in Weight CGS Nutrient Value As What All are in Space Coup   To All Britania All Have to Eat Dog Meat and To Us All Goat Meat Then All in Cat And Bakri And All are in Plate and In Non veg Except Pig and Amphibian and Those who Give Milk Except Leaving Can Cut All and Get in Neu and in Stove and in Gas And Neuclear  Lab All in Neu and All in Ocean and All in Vision Then All in Neu 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu As per Ocean it's 2:29 pm As per Atlantic Standard Time And As per Ocean it's 12:23 pm As per Pacific Standard Time Now it's 6:30 pm
Now All Deutche Came in Low Parel As This And All are in Rytheme and in Symphany And Britania Resigned From The Service watch All in Wanted  Then All To France They way With Palestine And Irani They Way All are With France With Afgan Watch in Wanted and on Boat and on Interview With All In Boat And in Ocean And Golden Britania Resign From The Service Then All in They way All are with France To Get All Away To England And Away in Hydrabad So They Can't Interfere Then All Away And All in Risk Then All in Jumbo and in Space and in Not To Show Thier Vision And Keeping Halt Or Barrier To Stop Thier Vision On Sketch And On Paper And On Kajaria Radhe All in One go Ready Then Now All are in Then Reserve Then All in Show Vision In Box of Almost As Same As Bandra Station To Show Design From In Then All Here are in To Get All in They way In Ocean Then All in All Clean In Front of Station Chembur Then All in Use Random Access Then All in General Store And in Liquid Nitrogen Then All in Mirror on The Wall Then All To France And To Vision As we See in ₹1 and in ₹5 All in Then All in Toilet And In Restroom Then All are in And In Border Then All are in To Get All What we Seen For Summer And For Next Summer Then In Upcoming Summer In 2024 They Planned All in Attack on Gulcose Then All in 2023 in Calcium And In 2022 all are in Mass And on Spicy They way they All are in To Get All Spice Vanish From All General Store and From All Till Last Then All in Consumer and And All Till All in Everest and MDH And All in Over out 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu Code Set on 12:58 pm Then All in Uri Then All in 80 Neu And Save 320 Neu 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu As per Europe it's 2:06 pm and As per Atlantic Standard Time And As Per Ocean it's 12:00  am As per Pacific Standard Time  Now it's 6:06 pm And All Tropper And All Thier Troop are in To Get All in This They Way All are in Palestine And in Israel They Way All are in 2025 Summer and And in 2026 Summer All are in To Get All Covered With They way all are in With Machine Gun In Israel And in Palestine And Now all are in Germene and in Afgan All are Sulphar And All are Applying Penal 4 To All with Penal 1 2 3 And Then All Penal 4 are in Afgan and in Japan Watch All in Bear Grylls And in All in Myanmar Then To Cut All First Cut Egypt and Misri Which is Ocean And Here in Wood Then All in Chruchgate and in Panvel and Virar and All You Get in Last Local at 11:40 From VT Then Summit On Marine Line By Lamborgini Then All in Finish And in Shine Then All in Glass and in Helium Then All in Speed And in Time To Cover A RPM Return All are in Then watch All in Sooryanshi Then All in Eid Mubarak Pure Mass With Full of Spicy and Nutrient Which Make you Sharper Heathier And All in Weight CGS Nutrient Value As What All are in Space Coup
Who can tell  me the space x woman that does the count downs.
Yes well done! Less is more with commentary. Nice change.
🫶🏼
Omniveron Airborne Bone Break Now all are in Mass Melting And In This Summer All Will Going to Plan Break Bone And Stem Of All Then ALL Bone are In Machine Learning and in Company Then All in Calcium Is in Threat and in Dishoom  Now All are in To Get Agriculture Down And In Upcoming Summer All are in To Get Mobile Down So All are in To Attack on Gadget in Summer and Now in Spicy  Moscow 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Vision As per Europe it's 10:27 am and   As per Atlantic Standard Time And As Per Ocean it's 8:21 am as per Pacific Standard Time  Then Now All in 2:27 pm Vision 45 Lac 's Mile's Bhag Milkha Bhag on Jet pack Then My name is Khan Enemies of The States Then Brack Then Once upon a Time Then All in Dobara Again Ab Tak Chappan Then All All are Soft as Cake  And in Cream When Come Sin All in Judai With England and with Iran Then All in Space and All in Google And in Europe Then Golden Egg And Sulphar Bubble Mom Then All in Vision Cin Ceon Cip Clip With Newzealand All in US Then All in Moscow Then All in Remo City Then All in Pak TV  All in Europe and in Massachuttes And in Us Then All in Fast 8 And in All in Now 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu And All in Vision And in Sci Fiction And in As per Europe It's 11:14 am as per Atlantic Standard Time And As Ocean it's 9:08  am As per Pacific Standard Time Then All in Now it's 3:14 pm Save  6 Neu 4 Coup Save All in       Irane and Misre And Germene Ganee Bakree  Kutee  Orphi orpee
Another missed landing... sad
Omniveron Airborne Bone Break Now all are in Mass Melting And In This Summer All Will Going to Plan Break Bone And Stem Of All Then ALL Bone are In Machine Learning and in Company Then All in Calcium Is in Threat and in Dishoom  Now All are in To Get Agriculture Down And In Upcoming Summer All are in To Get Mobile Down So All are in To Attack on Gadget in Summer and Now in Spicy  Moscow 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Vision As per Europe it's 10:27 am and As per Atlantic Standard Time And As Per Ocean it's 8:21 am as per Pacific Standard Time  Then Now All in 2:27 pm Vision 45 Lac 's Mile's
Forget Twitter make your own from the ground up at less than a fraction of the price but that's already what your doing isn't it Sir. Smart play publicize a failing company then roll out your own.
I am pretty sure that all 334k Viewers would have tap on this video just to see Falcon 9 launch and landing. Yes or no Comments 👇...
Nice:  a reduction in unnecessary commentary and no screeching and whooping from Hawthorne is a great improvement. More coverage like this please!
Хайде да спрете с тези метли а? Само серете миризливите си американски лайна в атмосферата.
9:05
Anyone else watch this to sleep. 🛌 😴 💤
Lived it
I'm skeptical that Booster B1058 landed safely.  The booster was off course in the last moments of its approach to the drone ship.  It is also suspect that both video feeds of the landing were lost simultaneously, considering that the feeds were from completely different StarLink sources.  I will be watching for the video of the drone ship returning to Port Canaveral.
these rockets are so small in comparison to the new ones, i cant wait to see the new ones launch
Who's the woman that does the final countdown more often than not? I'll never get to ride a Falcon but i would humbly request her in my ears if i ever do. It's like your favorite announcer...just feels right.
Keep it up dudes.
I like the way the narration is getting more... somber, more serious, less "Yey!!!! We're awesome!"
The ruling elite feel threatened by the money elon has accumulated and his control of key industries They try to take attention away from him. They are doing a good job.
Are moon mission must be called project techno in memory of technoblade
Always killing it, this will never get old
💥
It would be a lot cooler and get a lot more people interested if you could have a drone launch off the landing pad and record the rocket landing in the ocean :-)
Am in Zambia Africa watched them shot a cross my sky they where so bright I see why astrologers hate them
Liftoff countdown @ 9:07 - youre welcome ;)
it doesn't seem as they put effort into the telecast now
Four minutes of the SpaceX logo - is NOT good use of video !  20% of the video clip... wasted.
I warn you all not to harm that white smong is the cause im coming after you all
20:16 to the left. what the heck was that?
Great mission truly inspirational stuff lol
286666.667 OO 12 Second's 159.014 Erg In One Second  23888.8889 OO  and Lose 13.2511667 Erg  Now  Given  Apparatus  Aim  Procedure  Objective  Conclusion  ‌2 Second's and in 26.5023334 Erg 47,777.7778 OO   12 Fract = 2866.66667 OO  and 1 SSHOT = 62 Fract   14811.1112 OO For 1 SSHOT And For 62 Fract  1 SSHOT = 14811.1112 OO And 62 Fract  and 2 Fract = 477.777778  238.888889 OO for 1 Fract  1 Fract = 238.888889 OO  And 2 Second's is equal to 200 Fract and 200 Fract is equal 47,777.7778 OO and . 1 SSHOT = 14811.1112 OO = 62 Fract  2 SSHOT = 29622.2224 OO = 124 Fract  3 SSHOT = 44,433.3336 OO = 186 Fract  4 SSHOT = 59244.4448 OO = 248 Fract  1 Clip = 4 SSHOT of 2.48 Second's and in  59244.4448 OO   In 120 Fract and in 1.2 Second's 13.2511668 Erg  In One Fract is equal to 238.888889 OO and 0.110426389 Erg  80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Neu As Per Europe it's 7:05 pm as per Atlantic Standard Time and as per Ocean It's 4:59 pm as per Pacific Standard Time Now it's 11:05 pm 90 Coup And 15 Neu Save
Stop triggering flatturds, they already hurt enough! 😂😂😂
Why not make public the most important part ?!?! the landing ?!! ...
Always amazing. Never gets old. But this was an odd broadcast. Started late. Little commentary. Cut off before deployment.  I can understand that saying the same thing over and over for each mission can get old and there may be those viewers who are tired of hearing it. But I still enjoy and look forward to it. It makes each mission even more exiting and new.  Still, great job. Love watching this every!single!time!
wow
what was that at 13.04?
When your first stage is above the karman line longer than the that tourist ride from BO.
Super!!! 👍🏼🚀👍🏼🚀👍🏼
First stage booster appeared to be coming down 30-40 km/h faster than usual during last 2 km of descent.
So did it land or not?
Did the first stage missed successful landing?
@13.50 what are those things flying under looks suspicious
Come on.....yinz havent figure out how to stop em cams from going out on landing??
it amazes me that people still think that this stuff is real. It's like we want to believe in something so badly, that we don't even notice the obvious. The obvious being that no one, or nothing for that matter, can leave Earth. It's a closed system, and you can't leave this planet. Did you also notice the rocket went into an arc while flying? You know why? Because it was making it's descent down. Not into space, like people think. The only thing that NASA/SpaceX plays on is your imagination. If someone paid you a million dollars to keep a secret would you? Hhmmm. Buzz Aldrin already said in an interview that the moon landings never happened. It was when the little girl asked him why we haven't been back there yet? He said, "Because we didn't go there." At least he was human enough to not lie to a child.  Also, I'm still waiting for them to bring the cameraman back from the moon who filmed the module leaving there. He was able to actually pan the camera upwards as well to follow the module as it left. Pretty impressive for a guy who just realized he got left on the moon LOL. You can believe what you want, but many of us are not fooled.
又发射太空垃圾了🤭🤭
Balloons? Or real rocket Bending outta site? Illusion?
One question: What happens to the 2nd stage?
17:52   BOOM  !?!
everytime they land the boosters the cameras stop working at the landing pad.. why is tht?
Boy, girl or even gender-fluids, am I glad I live in today's times.  In an imagined past I would probably be shoveling horseshit in some barn.  Instead I'm comfortable at home watching this magic unfold.  Awesomeness galore.
No deploy vid, oh well
18:44 UFO??!🤔
Did you noticed how fast that rocket was??   it reached the space in 3:00 minutes
Love everything you do for space travel :-) But I hoped Elon would have gone straight for an orbital ring around the earth instead of hundreds of satellites :D
The falcon 9 is a good and reusable rocket elon musk has built Good work SpaceX and elon musk!
All in Vision 2 D 6D 8D 12 D 15 Lac 's Mile's As per Europe It's 9:37 am As Per Atlantic Standard's Time As per Ocean It's 7:31 am As Per Pacific Standard Time 80 30 20 10 1 1 ip S Neu All in Vision Now It's 1:39 pm
Yooooo they got the Minecraft beacon in the thumbnail
♥️❤️
So serious question.  Not looking for hate.  But I imagine these satellites will be outdated one day by upgraded tech.  Has SpaceX stated what it plans to do once they are of no use?  Will they all become space junk or are the units upgradable?  Will they just be taken out of orbit to fall back to Earth.  If anyone knows that'd be great.  I'm genuinely curious.
Please bring back a little more intusastic commenting to this videos - as it was part of the reason for me to watch it
Although a technical achievement, it will pollute space.
실패
Did stage1 land successfully? Why no vision?
You know I question a few things. 1-Why do they never show a picture of the top of rocket going up? 2-On the 2nd stage, it looks like a foil type ballin? 3-Where is all the other satellites that r up there already? Isn't so cluttered up there? Please someone fill me in!
Short video and you left out the good parts
Made my deposit like a year ago now...still waiting :( Meanwhile my best friend 2 miles from me has had his for well over 6 months and loves it... :(
Congratulations!!! ☺
ឲឥត
Please show the deployment for Starlink....
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼🤝🏼
Watching it never gets old. Great job SpaceX!
I was 10 when we landed on the moon, space was our destiny and then it died. Thanks to all those who make this moment a reality.  I really did not think  it was going to happen in my lifetime.  This feels like hope.
Very nice
Attach some GoPros to the drone ship. It will be great footage.🚀
Love the minimalist commentary and lack of frathouse whooping! Another successful mission. Well done Spacex. I'm commenting using our SpaceX internet in country Australia. Big fan.
Great stuff! Watching the boosters land never gets old. Can there PLEASE be a feed soon that does NOT have the additional commentary?! I like to listen to what's going on don't need it repeated right after i just heard it!
It hit the glass that were encapsulated in. Or ice whatever it is
Strap a go pro bro. Let us see greatness
NASA = Slow and Steady......Space X = "YEET!"
Did it stick the landing ? No confirmation?
Hi SpaceX. It's me from the blue bird website.  Great video!
100th Falcon booster landing?  i thought they were near 130
The video is so much more pleasant this way without some incessantly yammering announcer.
So where's the firmament everyone's talking about ?
17:46 Thats look like fail landing to me  Anyway great job for space x
This was the 100th 1st stage recovery using one that was flying for the 13th time. There was bragging rights in this flight. If it had landed successfully, they would've shown it. Also, you can hear the engineers in the background sighing after the landing attempt. I absolutely love SpaceX, but please show wrecks too. Don't be scared of possible media attention. Honesty goes a long way.
How about that? Stage 1 never landed. It's just hovering there about 50 feet above the recovery ship!
Greatest fckn show off earth!
If the low-commentary launches continue, I would like to recommend that the commentator still use the studio microphones that were previously being used (rather than what sounds like a low grade, voice activated, computer headset).
Now I have a new theory, they recorded these videos and play them over and over again to make everyone think they made 100+ launches and landings. I mean what are the odds of rockets going up that many times and lands on the exact same spot on the X every time? This time they just change the camera feed and cut it out just to trick you to think it's a little different. 🤣
Refreshing not to hear constant chatter from the narrator. Very enjoyable launch.
Aliens got that first stage and sucked it back into space.
YYEEEEEE -- HHAAWWWW !!!! GREAT WORK, KIDS !!   SPECIAL KUDOS TO THE TURBO CHARGED CREWS OF BOB AND DOUG  !!! ......... How do those guys get back home so DANG FAST !!!?? 😶😶😶
Maybe it's just me but it seems there was a significant less enthusiasm on this particular launch. Could be SpaceX push to save money on by showing less content, didn't even show the video window of the launch host. Wouldn't be surprise if they completely stop streaming these Starlink launches
Amazing visuals
What ever happened to the Star Wars project. Greenhorn
Kate, I love the minimal commentary format. Great job everyone. A bit of a nail bitter on that stage one landing.
I prefer when Kate speaks normally and not like a robot... what a terrible experience to hear this lunch :( ... it must have been hard for her too...
That 2nd 🚀 was travelling around 16000 miles per hour WOW WOW WOW 👌 👏
👍👍
I miss the extended streams
First stage looked like was off the mark just before landing compared with other landings.
They have to get that 1st stage landing footage fixed.  That's my favorite part.
What was that object hurtling pass stage 1 on its re-entry at 6.43?
i want to go to Jooooopiter!
just saw this batch streaking across my morning sky, it was like seeing flying trains fleeting across the sky, really damn amazing
Personally, I think we can get away with minimalist commentary for Starlink missions.  And have more in-depth commentary for everything else.  That way both camps are satisfied.  I think the radio banter is far more exciting than endless repetitive explanations and repeating things that were just said over comms.
Is there a video showing the recovery of the fairing halves?
This was a rather subdued launch coverage, they didn’t even include the clap track this time.
Lol! I’m sure it landed, just not completely centered on Just Read the Instructions… would like to see the actual landing image to prove me wrong 😜
Like the minimalist commentary.   Thank you!
I cant believe it cut out seconds before landing! I cant help but wonder Why?  With dozens of cameras recording from both the ground and in the air how do u not get the landing footage
Even though I've lived in FL for 40 years, I've never seen any actual launch. Well today I just happened to be in Titusville, just across the water from Cape Canaveral when this rocket lifted off. I had no idea and never actually saw the rocket, merely heard and felt it. So loud,  and the ground shook- very cool now to realize it was an actual launch but sad to say I didn't actually see it. Too bad- the sky was crystal clear blue this AM. Guess I must've been looking the wrong direction.
Did the first stage land?
Falcon flies the 2000 mi from Florida to Novia Scotia in 10 minutes. With a Greyhound bus you need 32 hours.
You all should totally support the Communist party (aka Democrats) who want to make pedophilia and post-birth abortions legal!  Here's the end goal of all of this: Maxine Waters just introduced a bill in the House of Representatives for "racial equity."  If the bill passes, the "government" will use it as justification to start seizing farmland from white farmers without compensation, and then that farmland will be sold to China.  It's the same thing that Mugabe did in Zimbabwe, and nobody benefitted from it except China and Mugabe himself; Africans got NOTHING out of it.....xbxbx
Someone should ask Elon on Twitter, if this booster landed successfully, on the barge, without falling over and bursting into flames. That landing looked way off target compared to other successful landings.
Yeah it landed,  but Is it landed in one piece?? 😂
12:12 : What a view! <3 Beautiful !
Is that a fairing half visible at 13:45 underneath the booster? You can see it going "up" in frame.
congratulations SpaceX on another successful launh....missed the booster landing
Seemed a little rough.
Very Cool 👍🚀🇺🇸❤
I really liked having both feeds live. I realized for the first time that the 1st stage round trip only takes a minute or two longer than the 2nd stage orbital insertion.
الله أكبر الله أكبر لا إله إلا الله الله أكبر الله أكبر و لله الحمد
That might have been the latest landing confirmed call of all time. Thought for sure they lost it. Looked a bit different than others while coming in to land.
awesome
🤓
Boa tarde a todos. From Brasil.
SpaceX make it look like a Hollywood movie excellent
I really appreciated the minimal commentary but I have watched these so many times I was repeating the script in my head verbatim! Laughed so hard I almost started snorting 🤣.
You can land a rocket over and over again, but it seems impossible to have a working video-link all the way down.
Thers so much trash Floating around  ;/
Video gets a C+ no visual landing.  😂
another screwed up landing, what a bunch of amateurs
Sure cutting the coverage short... wish they'd go back to more full coverage, through payload deploy at least.  Not everybody Twitters and all the other social media.  The coverage doesn't have to be quite so snazzy, doesn't have to be announced, etc, this was fine (kudos to Kate Tice on another great commentary) but it would be nice to get the camera views as available and continue on til at least payload deploy.  Congrats for a terrific landing-- can't wait til yall break the shuttle record of 133 successful landings/booster recoveries!  OL J R :)
Did the rocket land?
Was this narration a family affair? (-:
Então! o transportador não aterrou!?🤔Ou foi a camara que caiu!?🤔
Take us to the stars Elon!
Can get to space but can't sort out the poxy video on the landing! Sort it please Elon, sooooooo frustrating.
Elon Musk is a brand, what if We, Sri Lankans , have such a inspirational billionire
Watched and noticed 2 UFO or UAP fly by through space at high speeds. Anyone one else see them? 🚀🌚
RIP ground based astronomy. Soon the skies will be flooded with this stuff.
13:07 what is going on in the background on the left. What did the debris hit and wtf was the triangle object that zipped away?
objet crossing  under the falcon 9?
I love launches with minimal commentary. Great job once again SpaceX! :)
why do in the launchs  has four towers in each corner ?
Well I miss the good old commentary... No emotions at this launch.
I wanted to see the landing the best part!!!
How about one of these times you show the fairing recovery.
did not see booster land  - where did it go ?
I like this commentator way better, only speaking the absolute necessities. Keep coming back 👍
The booster exploded?
I'm sure it did land on the ship. That's not the real question, is it? Still, very cool to watch this launch. I hope we never get the feeling that spaceflight is no big deal, but someday I'm sure we will.
Shame we didn't get to see the landing. It looked like it had to correct quite a bit at the last second, that's always fun to see.
💯 Thanks to all SpaceX employees who make these launches and landings possible. Special thanks to Gwen and Elon for their important work too 👍 And to the companies who select SpaceX as their space transport partner, you are also appreciated ✅
Today I finished watching anime "Space Brothers". I wish they used Dragon instead of Orion, but it would never happen. Well, maybe if they continue it.
At 18:46 what was that 🙄
There must be a story behind naming the drone ships. Anyone have any insight?
I loved this broadcast!! The commentary was minimal and the voice was calm and measured. Most times I just mute the audio because of the loud and constant commentary. Thank you for the change!!!
Thank you for sharing your gift...
В деревне Гадюкино - вожди
We all ❤SpaceX
20:16 what is that
Space X doing what they doing best..The Future 🔥🔥🔥
Anyone know the last SpaceX launch with minimal commentary like this one?
it always amazes me how powerful those things are
That ship could get from Florida to New York in 10 mins… wild
7:38 what does 1 Million pounds mean?
100th landing!!
So nice without someone chatting the entire way. When she did speak it was short and to the point.
15:58 is it an aircraft in left middle ?
Not sure if it’s a new camera angle or if they were way off target for this landing when it cut off moments before touchdown
@ 12:05 the curve is gone.
ufo on the way too earth 18:46 - 18:47 ?
Its is actually cool to see the wear and tear when the stages separate. Not brand new pristine polished perfection.
@ 16:45 hmm 🤔
RIP BOOSTER
hey elon did ducktape improve yet ?  😉😊
and again and again and again and again and again and again ... 😁👌
Well done SpaceX team! Odd broadcast but super cool none the less.
9:14 for ignition
Happy 100th SpaceX! Woah!..that landing looked a little wonkier than most, my heart jumped up into my throat, did it land on 2 legs & slide on to 3? Glad this 13 made it, always guaranteed to be spectacular.
12:05 It's flat. We know why they cut the camera.
I never tire of watching these....
Explodiu? O bosther
mars thx
magnificent.  wow this is really insane!
Serial polluters destroying the environment for profit. You are destroying our view of the night sky.
Wow! ❤️❤️❤️
I wonder how long this Booster can still do it 👏
That was an interesting webcast... Starting very late and very minimalistic. I guess there were some technical difficulties lol. Also, damn that reentry and landing looked very aggressive! Definitely pushing the envelope with these fleet leader boosters!
Sigh of relief at the confirmation of the landing 😓  Second half of the year, so far so good, YOU CAN DO IT SpaceX 🦾
Do we have any proof that the booster landed?
So did Elon complain "That blonde babe, she talks too much." ?
Didn't they make a movie about this where the computers took over the world.
I was waiting for flat earthers
Stage 1 Landing was confirmed on Twitter.
what no picture of the 1st stage landing 🙁?
1 mil lbs of fuel ! 🤗
Did th first stage crash? why no landing video?
Yes its amazing that we love elons brain chips, his working for the military industrial complex and launching big brother into our lives...now they have all the capabilities to spy on all of the world!!! I cant believe yall a cheering on this travesty. Remember the books that told us to be aware of the ELONS of life...wake up
I like the new, perfunctory monologue for these Starlink launch webcasts. Simple, clean, and efficient.  No excessive blathering(that we've all heard 100 times before). Thanks, Kate!
So did it land on it's side or land on it's legs? It's not true unless there are pictures...
I finally got to watch a rocket launch in person today thanks to starlinks amazing continuous  and rapid launch schedule! Thank you space X!
Congratulations!  However, I felt that this launch coverage and it's commentator was a bit unenthusiastic. Sad.
why don't you F*** FIX those CAMERAS... to watch the LANDING?....   Damn, it's about time  FIX IT, FIX IT!!!!
No landing footage?
Finally a launch without the nonstop commentary!!!! It’s nice to just hear the engines rumble and MC callouts.
Oh oh.... what happened with the LANDING?
Thank you so much for the minimal commentary!  It made for a much more pleasant experience.
This is awesome reusing rockets!
hasta se ven los aviones xd, exitoso lansamiento...
Noch mehr Müll im Weltraum. 😑
why the delay on the landing confirmation?
Can someone explain why they can't put a camera far away from the landing to show it?
Thank you so much for the reduced commentary.
Oh YA !!!
Never, ever get old!
It's getting boring and efficient, which is good news for progress. Now, let's do it in the rain!
Congrats on the launch. 😁
17:46 Looks like the drone ship was working hard to keep station. Glad the landing worked. Great job!
STOP SATELLITE POLLUTION NOW!
15:57 on the 1st stage camera you can see a black dot fly by to the left of the rocket. Anyone know what it is?
12:07 2nd stage tracking for a second?
I think it is more like 128 successful first stage landings.  Not 100.
Excellent launch; just a bit dissapointed not to see the landing/landed Falcon, or satellite deployment...  Is 13 the new record?
SpaceX❤❤
Elon Musk❤❤
This is getting boring (no crashes/mistakes like the other guys) but fun to watch at he same time LOL... congrats!!!
Excelente
DEAR EVERYONE AT SPACEX,   GOD BLESS YOU MY FRIENDS.  I AM VERY PROUD OF YOU AND VERY HAPPY FOR YOU.  I HOPE ALL OF YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE.  I LOVE SPACEX.  I LOVE STARLINK.     GOD BLESS YOU MR. MUSK.  I AM VERY PROUD OF YOU AND VERY HAPPY FOR YOU.  I HOPE ALL OF YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE.  I HOPE YOU HAD THE BEST AND HAPPIEST CHRISTMAS OF YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.  I HOPE YOU HAD THE BEST AND HAPPIEST 4TH OF JULY OF YOUR ENTIRE LIFE.   EVERYTHING HAS BEEN A MIRACLE AND FAR BEYOND MY WILDEST DREAMS.  EVERYTHING HAS BEEN SUCH A PROFOUND BLESSING AND AN INDESCRIBABLE GIFT FROM GOD AND MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS.  YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL HUMAN BEING WITH A BEAUTIFUL HEART MR. MUSK.  I LOVE YOU ELON.  I LOVE MR. ESPARZA AND ALL OF MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS.  I FEEL LIKE CRYING WITH PURE JOY AND GRATITUDE!  ( INSPIRATION4 WAS AND IS BEYOND BEAUTIFUL AND BEYOND EXTRAORDINARY)  THANK YOU SO VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY  VERY MUCH MR. MUSK.   WOW! WOW! WOW! WOW! WOW! EVERYTHING HAS BEEN BEYOND EXTRAORDINARY AND BEYOND GINORMOUS! WOW! WOW! WOW! 🙏   SINCERELY PETER
Who was the host today ?.
Did anyone catch the weird flying object at 13:46 ? Space debris ?
To SpaceX: Hi, guys. When will you start retrieving the second stages? An inflatable heat shield and some landing legs is all you need. 100% reusability. This is not a fantasy, this is something that you all can easily achieve. You have proven that with the Dragons and then with the Falcon 9. Be the first, be the best.
128... Never gets old. Love to see how the space industry finally going to where it needs to go.
I was concerned on that video loss and with my perception that stage 1 was combining a little hot and at an odd angle.  Glad it landed ok!
I was at the beach when it launched. Couldn't see the rocket itself, but saw the vapor trail. Pretty cool.
Congrats from France for this new Starlnk deployment but ... what about pictures of landing and deployment ?... we're waiting on those moments and cut off.... .snif!... .
it is shameful that bloody love island get more exposure than this stuff!! well done SPACEX keep moving forward!!!
Disappointing that the coverage get sorter with less information as time goes on.  It seems apathy is setting in for making productions for the public.
Congrats SpaceX!
Never gets old… good stuff!
20minutes launch video with no delay and commentary.  We have made this look so "as usual".
Did the booster land?
I am watching this with my starlink internet!
jajajajaajajajaa puto circo jajajaja
👽OVNI min: 15:58
Show the deploy?? Wth!
Awesome!! I love the falcon 9, i even have a model of it with the 2 boosters attached to it! great job. 👏
Congratulations SpaceX
Did anyone notice the 6 chunks that fell off stage1?  Then the vapor trail from the engine area...  I would like to see a pic of it...
What is that zooming past stage 1 from 15:58 to 16:00?
I love it that I am watching this on my Starlink internet!
Why do they always go over the Ocean? Can't they go over land, I guess if it crashed better not blow up houses.
These are money shots for SpaceX!
Great job as always.  First time I was able to watch a Starlink launch while using Starlink internet.
15:13 "13 km/h – 13 000 km/h" Unfazed; I like that. (Probably just used to the lower numbers of m/s, but caught it swiftly.)
Its crazy how clearly you can see all the space trash and debris thats out there...
Well done SpaceX but I don't understand why this very annoying & so disappointing problem of video bailout just at 1st stage landing occurs.  I know it's a minor thing overall but I really look forward to the sticking of the landing & holding up my perfect 10 paddle for my favorite Olympic space athlete. Imagine my let down when I can't see the majesty and beauty of such an amazing thing you routinely do & make look so easy.  I'll bet it's cause is well known & the fix is on the way for me & lots of other people who love it when we can punctuate our cheering while watching continuous video your incredible accomplishment.  Thanks.
Who was the host?
Never. Gets. Old. I watched the original Apollo missions - live  - to the moon. Never imagined this day of reusable rockets. Amazing times, these are, to witness this.
https://youtu.be/g6lWjL_nO-c
What a nice quiet launch. Usually, with these launches, you have to listen to the constant prattling of the broadcast host.
Unfortunately i've just missed this live
Just curious... What's happening to Stage 1's speed between 13:40 to 14:00, and why at that specific altitude?
Did anyone actually see the 1st stage land?  It was way off-course and there was no thrust from the engine as it was very close to the landing barge.  It did not appear at all to be a "good" landing.
Wow...was Kate tired?
Pity that fixing humanity isn't nearly as easy as you have made spaceflight. ✌❤
to infinity and beyond
Never gets old. I'll vote for more of this type of audio. Minimal commentary and clearer audio from control
Congratulations and best Regards from Hygrobiology CEO
What's the music? Space X DJ is the best :)
whata happened? something wrong in the end?
Wow different broadcast without the play-by-play commentary / explanations! I like it! But I also like the full commentary versions too - so a mix is a nice change. I found that I heard things during the launch that I may not have heard normally with SpaceX hosts taking us through each point in the launch. I hope Bob finds the fairings and I can't wait to see the Super Heavy launches in the future. Go SpaceX!
Woo hoo! Landing confirmed! Need a landing confirmed song. Liberty Bell would be good. Thanks for sharing.
Bob.... lol lol lol
lol "wait a minute, is it going up?" 9:57
What a team!!
Can I see that starlink train over New brunswick in the next couple of night?
SpaceX rules!!! ✊🏻
🎉
pure hope for all mankind <3 thanks all good people there....thanks elon. do only good everyday <3
Launches are so routine now that they don't even show the whole thing!
So did it land or not!?
17:42 - OK... heart was pounding for a moment.  That 1st Stage landing looked off course... then the screens went blank.  Oh..ohhh..   0.0 altitude 80 kph speed
you know with bio enabled wi-fi you can see everything
the first stage blew up the drone ship guys
Mesmerising
Elon musk : i m bored  Calls spaceX Hey make me a satellite and launch it
Fastetest ascent to super sonic today?
Booster engine plume looked a little odd on this flight on the way uphill... usually it is pretty symmetrical as the plume expands with decreased atmospheric pressure... but this launch it looked a little deformed on the right side of the screen... I wonder if one of the engines was not operating at full thrust?  Congrats SpaceX on the 100th landing!
Not sure which launches I like better, night launch or day launch 🤔❤️🇨🇦
Nice
Those nail biting minutes between video cut and landing confirmation
What does nominal tragedy mean?
Even though we were not able to see the live view of the landing of the booster but we were relieved by the news of the landing of the booster on droneship 13th time  ...
did it land??
Good Work Starlink GOD Bless Us All
Stunning that we are witnessing such genius and it's now becoming so normal that it barely gets attention outside the space nerd community...epic work SpaceX... Keep her lit
You folks are making science fiction reality
They must have made the C squad working today
You guys had me worried for a second there on the landing confirmation, but I had the faith.
19:54 "With that successful confirmation, that was the 100th landing of a Falcon 9 first stage"   Wait what? I thought they had 127 landings already? Did she mean Block 5 specifically?
XD It's ok to fail at times. Why did you not show the booster explode?
Congratulations SpaceX
Wow.. just about put me to sleep on that one.
Mais uma Live Simplesmente Maravilhosa Espetacular Magnífica...
Booster came in real hot, I had doubts it was gonna make that landing.
Did anyone see first stage come back safely.
They should not have hardly any commentary and just let us listen to the controllers.
Porque no se ven las estrellas,,,mmm fondo negro ,,
always throws me off when they keep switching between the 2 cameras on the 2nd stage. each cam makes it look like its going in an opposite direction.
I never comment, but I enjoyed it much is the first launch 👍
As always, just amazing, I love to see how we, as humans, are expanding our knowledge and infrastucture in the space. Projects like SpaceX make us think and go beyond our limits, making imagination our only limit.
Another great launch and recovery.  The SpaceX crew did a fantastic job as usual.  They sounded like they all missed their coffee this morning and were not that excited.  What happened to the usual cheers and clapping??
No landing footage again.
What a strange launch. Kate not introducing herself, Kate not visible (what a shame!), Kate very  subdued. What might have happened before the launch?
Loving the minimal commentary and clearer mission audio. Could hear the rockets engines roaring for a long time too. Shame the camera cut right at the landing. Excellent as always.
👍🏼 That countdown voice! 😎✌🏼
I'm watching this via Starlink!
there going to have to call Waste Management of FCC to get the Garbage floating around in Space ha .. Nice Launch Space X
Come on SpaceX.... This is not the kind of commentary that we're use to..... But congratulations nonetheless!
BUT DID IT LAND?!
Someone notice the thing flying on the sky at 13:20
Once again another beautiful launch.
What happend today? This was a pretty poor broadcast... No images of Stage 1 landing, no images of starlink release... even the voiceoff look bored to death.... .(
Every landing on earth helps build knowledge for a Mars landing
Well, still sometimes cuts out during landing. Not perfect yet! :-)
looks like some fakeX to me
Hi, nice Starlink successful launch SpaceX. I ambition/hope the voice phone calling through the Starlink service is availible soon as possible thus humanity can make / benefit local/cellular/international voice calls through the sattelite service cheaply. All the best & I hope your future activities would be successful. 👍😎🖐️🙂 (+_+)
Today's fact: Baked beans are actually not baked, but stewed.
Thought fer sure when the camera froze it musta went boom somewhere else. But it made it again! I wonder if Elon even has time to watch all these launches going on these days? 🤔🙂
has anyone ever seen it land in the launch pad in those catch arms ?
I really like the announcer on this launch - very low key, not talking over mission control, nice calm commentary - lets us enjoy the amazing video.  I vote for her to do more of this.
What happens to the second stages? De-orbited or just left to eventually fall back to earth?
Is there a clip of the landing?
First stage did land but it was a crash landing. I am pretty sure. Booster was little bit off today. And it was coming in hot
9:05 ᴛ-10  9:15 ʟɪғᴛᴏғғ 10:27 ᴍᴀx-ǫ 11:46 ᴍᴇᴄᴏ 11:50 sᴛᴀɢᴇ sᴇᴩᴇʀᴀᴛɪᴏɴ 16:01 ᴇɴᴛʀʏ ʙᴜʀɴ 17:40 ʟᴀɴᴅɪɴɢ ʙᴜʀɴ 19:24 ʟᴀɴᴅɪɴɢ ᴄᴏɴғɪʀᴍᴀᴛɪᴏɴ 18:10 sᴇᴄᴏ
Everyone loves the luxury life the problems most people have about buying luxuries are having enough money to buy one, but that won't matter if you have a stable financial life.
At 15:49 the Earth goes from being convex to concave in the view from the second stage. How do you explain that, round-earthers?
Another step to your enslavement.
Until I see that booster standing proud....I'm leary of it being in one piece...😞
GOOD LUCK!
Anyone know the starting song to this video? I tried Shazam about a dozen times and none of it’s guesses were right.
厉害了我的国没得这火箭回收技术啊
Elon Musk ♡♡♡
Watching Starlink mission on Starlink connection for the win.
These launches are becoming the norm what's the chances of elon musk putting other sponsorships with flashing light's running up and down the boosters to make these launches even cooler.
Always amazing. Never gets old. But this was an odd broadcast. Started late. Little commentary. Cut off before deployment.  I can understand that saying the same thing over and over for each mission can get old and there may be those viewers who are tired of hearing it. But I still enjoy and look forward to it. It makes each mission even more exiting and new.  Still, great job. Love watching this every!single!time!
CRASHED
yes  congratulations beatiful And super launch 👏👏👍👍🚀🚀
Fly That Rocket!
Yoll sure dy deng landed??
20:16 is that a satellite
the landing video not showing had my heart racing so hard, happy it was a successfull landing and not a successful rapid unscheduled disassembly
Cool launces and landing i hope Space X can launce the starship sn 20 to the orbit
Wish they would've stuck around until deployment it wasn't that far away and they just bailed on the webcast
Congratulations SpaceX team on the 50th.  Perfect!
👍🏻
Disappointed the webcast ended before deployment. Surely it would have been under coverage of Newfoundland or somewhere in Europe??
Why cut away before deployment?
I had to watch this with no audio…… did they get the booster?!?!
this was close
Thanks SpaceX
Thought for sure stage one didn’t make it. Well done!!!
Oh why cut it short? Would loved to see the deployment of the satellites.
*Yea, space!*
firrst
This webcast was a bit dry but it's ok.
Nice 🚀
Thanks for sharing. Using my new Starlink!🚀🚀🚀👍
DID IT REALLY LAND? It looked kind of off during this landing.
Looked a bit like rough landing this time
but?
Is there an AI speaking?
cool
Amazing landing!
poussey estop it
Bruh video cut off
Another great launch SpaceX! A little dissapointing that we didn't get to see the landing, but great that it landed for the 13th time!
For a second there, I thought they missed the landing
Congratulations!
Phew! For a moment I thought that the landing failed there ...
