I am probably the only one who will like this one since I wasn't in love with the FC games. But whatever. I enjoyed its different pace. Thanks for supporting the channel by thumbs ups comments, and sharing  https://www.patreon.com/AngryCentaurGaming
Late to it but buying the edition with the ‘Fire & Ash’ stuff. “I see you Brother” 🫡🤌
I might reinstall after watching this. I got to about the part where you get the mount before i uninstalled it. I think i got bored of the lack of combat but maybe i need to adjust expectations for that.  Thing is the story didn't really hook me.
Will you be trying out the third person mode when it releases and do you think it will add to your enjoyment of the game?
You truly are a consistent pillar in this gaming space. The best reviews in the business.
Sale, always sale. Never buy a game at full price
It's a massively underrated title, and largely due to a bunch of shitty reviews from game journalists and YouTubers who didn't even bother to play as long as to get their Ikran. People who actually invest two hours into this game are invariably sucked in afterward. Is it a perfect game? No, course not, nothing is. But what it does deliver, delivers in a way that no other ever could.
I just started playing the game and I absolutely love the look and feel of it. The world is absolutely stunning and is one of the very few games that I actually enjoy it just by exploring around. BUT the writing and acting is one of the cringiest $hite I have ever heard . It makes me want to throw my headphones away. I feel so bad for the world designers and artists who created this amazing world to be ruined by this extraordinarily bad voice acting and dialogues, and I don’t think it is the actors fault. But yeah, I still enjoy the game just skipping the cutscenes…
Its 30 bucks with all the dlc is it worth it ?
So no underwater exploration like in the second film? That was the highlight of that movie for me by far, especially having fallen in love with scuba diving a few years ago. I felt like seeing Avatar 2 in 3D was the closest a person could come to diving without actually touching water.  But right now Epic has this game 67% off, so even if I don't get to playing it for awhile, I feel like I should buy it, based on all the positives you highlighted in this review. My worry is that my system might end up crashing too frequently while running it...
Really fun open world avatar game. I'm happy I picked it up and it was 67 Percent off as well. Only 20 bucks. It's a legit fun massive open world
It looks so incredibly bad on the PS5 Pro. It's acctualy embarrassing.
"I have the latest hardware, and it ran great!"  No shit. Why don't you reviewers keep an older PC around to give REALISTIC feedback for the majority of people.
I think ubisoft gets a lot of unnecessary bandwagon hate. People act like they release constant flops, when in reality they make spolid/polished games. Are they 10/10 masterpieces everytime? Definitely not... but when was that the criteria for a good game? It has to be 10/10? They might copy and paste the same format and formula from game to game... but guess what? i don't have to wait 5-15yrs for their next game. I get a constant flow of solid games and sequels year after year.  Idk i dont get most the hate they get... I could totally get it if the games were janky and buggy messes, but thats just not the case. This game is a great example, i see nothing but polish.
Yeah, once I got to the outside... I just looked at grass and weird plant life for several hours.  I didn't get much help for what to do.  I also didn't go online to see the walkthrough.  I wanted to get LOST.  Can I make my backyard look like this?  You are a very engaging talker!  Thanks for the review.  I got my copy for $19 on Amazon after Christmas 2024
Lotta people in the comments excited for Star wars outlaws.....lotta people disappointed
I really feel like she should have developed close friends and they could have gone out together on missions. Not even her childhood friends ventured or with her. I have no idea how this was a realistic feeling game. She just wanders around killing people with no protest and no backup. This is very different from the movies where everyone fought together.
Imagine this in VR.. you would indeed become Jake Sully
so, space farcry
Game is half priced didn't know if it was worth it so happy to see you did a review your refreshing vocabulary mixed with your knowledge of gaming makes this an enjoyable watch with comprehensive analysis as a bonus thank you for this will give a try
I hate ubisoft games but I only played farcry 3 which i loved then 4 I dislike, and 5 I enjoyed it so much and 6 was so boring. 6 made me say i am not playing a Farcry game anymore. But is this game is an exception?
This game really needs a PS5 Pro upgrade! That would be awesome!
This game would do better as a PSVR 2 TITLE
Based on this we know  future far cry's mechanics and gameplay, which is good so far.
how replayable is that game ?
So weird how the steam reviews are so bad but authentic reviewers seem to enjoy. It seems it's just all Ubi hate so I think I'm going to take the plunge!
Far cry primal walked so avatar could stumble…
At 11:35, so you played this game with an RTX 4090 which very few players can afford. All agree that this game is all about visuals and very weak in the story and has very repetitive gameplay the sole logical conclusion is if you don't have at least a 3080 Ti (or 4070 Ti) or their AMD counterparts, this game isn't worth playing.
I chose to play this game on hard and chose to focus on crafting/hunter gathering to give my self a better chance in combat. The fact that all aspects of the game are evenly spaced out made this an extremely rewarding and enjoyable experience. I feel that the take this is another far cry game is tacky and disingenuous just bc the game has the combat/explore/craft frame work. It felt like its own with all its lore or it at least used these aspects right and felt like an avatar game.
I enjoy customization eveeln if its in 1st person. Use your imagination youngsters
I started playing this game yesterday because they gave a free trial on the PlayStation store, and after I reached the end of the demo I immediately purchased the full game. It’s a lot of fun and absolutely beautiful. I’m excited to keep playing!
I wanted this game to be good I need something to do. Is pretty dumb that I paid a assload of money for a PS5 and within a couple months I've already played all the good games The God of war, Spider-Man 2, I'm currently working on ghosts of tiroshima and I play need for speed but those are PS4 games where are all the PS5 AAA exclusive games or doesn't even have to be exclusive where are the next gen AAA games. I go into the PlayStation store all the time and any game that does look decent it hasn't come out yet 🤦🏻 I am trying to waste my money PlayStation but you don't have anything to buy lol . If y'all have any suggestions have a greatly appreciate it cuz I just don't see why I have a PS5 I'm actually renting to own so it's double would it would have cost and at this point I'm really thinking about giving it back and go back to playing Call of duty and Diablo on my Xbox One.
Beautiful game. I enjoyed it to a certain point. I had 9 fetch quests backed up and couldn't progress in the story from being too low level. The game forced me to do the fetch quests and I couldn't take it any longer.  Game was ruined by fetch quests.
Just released on Steam, reviews are crappy thus far, unfortunately mostly due to Ubisoft and their software.
Wish you could side with the humans not gonna lie.
As of making this comment, I have 257 hours in this game. To say im obsessed would be an understatement. While the game gets repetitive, I find that it's has great replayability.
WORST part of this game: locking areas into gear level. It’s not skill, it’s your gear that’s stopping you from clearing outposts. Come ooooooon
Did I miss the rating, he didn’t say buy, rent or wait for a sale?
Option Sorround working??, my headphone with dolby? Or set stereo?
This game suffers one thing. It being published by ubisoft
I’m definitely getting this game cuz it reminds me of the Ps2 Turok Evolution  game but better
Anyone have a good graphic settings video for this game. Have a 3060(not the best but still good) and I’m only getting like 50-60fps. Any help would be great!
Game is boring
The PNW dispensary comment had me 🤣🤣🤣, so true
Game looks absolutely stunning, god damn!
the question in the title is never answered. buy, wait for sale or never touch?
Has anyone figured out how to successfully map "walk forward" to the right mouse button? How can the developers screw something this simple up?
Game should have been $40
I used to trust ACG, but then I saw this review.  This game is horrible.
The game is interesting and beautiful with fun mechanics. The only down side is the horrible story and voice lines
Just bought it on sale, and I have to admit that it’s better than I expected it to be, but I’m playing on Series S and it’s limited to 30 fps which kinda sucks but oh well
Damn, this looks SO good.  Honestly, it's such a gorgeous world, and the fact that they managed to pull it off visually is impressive in and of itself, and enough to justify a buy for me. I don't care if anything isn't particularly special otherwise, this is the best depiction we could have hoped for, and then some.
I played this via Ubisoft Plus on Series X, and it was amazing. As someone who loves the open world AC games and the Far Cry franchise, Avatar is heaven. And the ikran was even more fun and useful than the pterodactyl in Forbidden West.
I slightly disagree with the negative on far cry for having stuff happen to you or around you out in the jungle. It's what separates itself from other games to me everything feels way more alive.
Can you aim the guns ?
Is this buy or rent?
Smarf Rambo I been enjoying
One of the hardest games I've ever played. I'm playing on easy with all the easy instant puzzle solvers enabled, and still dying 10 times per mission lol
.....
Playing it at the moment and having a great time. Never liked far cry so a bit of surprise really
Your reviews are extremely helpful - thank you for the hard work.
Its a pretty good game cant undestand the hate i got it with ubisoft+ so it was only 20$ instead of 100
Running this at max settings 1440p 160 fps is just....just wow. Breathtakingly beatiful game.
I'm absolutely consumed with this game. An absorbing Avatar experience.
I loveeeeee the game ❤
I mostly enjoyed the FC games, but I LOVED this game! Thanks for the recommendation. :)
Will you do a walking the walk for this game? Id love to hear it
Graphics could be better tbh I got yesterday and it’s not worth the price to me ! Spider-Man 2 graphics were better in my opinion especially coming from a movie franchise with the best cgi the game should have the best graphics in the game industry to
I have a huge gripe with this game: the graphics issues for those who dont have beefy RTX or just AMD cards is horrible. Nothing loads in and missions where you are timed reach zero and just sit there. If you're lucky enough to play this game I really hope you don't spoil anything for us who paid $70 or more just to have to wait for this Repeate of Cyberpunk 2077 release to be fixed yet again.
Id have preferred a "division 3" rather a mediocre movie game
this game looked great but was boring af tbh, wasn't even worth the 15$ paid for a month of ubisoft subscription to try it, classic ubisoft things
I enjoy the game, i skip the cutscenes but the gameplay is fun. Surprisingly hard too.
Picked up Avatar Frontiers of Pandora on PS5 and man the graphics are absolutely stunning! It’s the first game since Horizon Forbidden West that has blown me, the world of Pandora is so lush, the natural environment, lighting is top notch. Flying around on the Ikran is a treat, Far Cry Primal is one of my all time favorite games and Avatar Frontiers of Pandora captures the vibe of that game perfectly. 😊
So, Legend of Navi, Tears of the Wallet?
Great to see your evolution Karak, I've watched your older reviews before and didn't really enjoy them because of the categorization (sound, gameplay, etc.), and i like a review like this, a complete and more dynamic package. Now I'l check the videos I've missed over the years, thanks 😀
My take on this after 4 hrs.. I have a hard job...and this game literally is more tedious and fatiguing than working... every mechanic is clunky and annoying, from the hacking till the map with no way to zoom, till the crafting and literally every menu. Even aiming is so clunky its just easier to play melle only .No quest markers in a game this big means you jump around like a headless chicken for hrs to find where you need to go...whoever thought this is entertaining at 2023 needs to check his reality. This is not old school rpg like Morrowind .Wonderful graphics and sounds but thats it. Should be only a tech demo. 0.5/5 for me. Avoid like the plague. Happy new year to everyone. Thank this channel very much for the yearly long income of lovely videos🎉
Who the hell decided to make this a first person game?!
Buy
I get that it's basically just a re textured far cry but as someone who has never played far cry, I LOVE IT! I would say buy it right now, but no rush because its a game that you can fall behind in.
Does this game have great leonopteryx?
Personally I think $70 for base and $110 for the season pass is too expensive. I'm going to wait a year and wait until its at least 50% off.
well the world looks good....shame i have to play as an navi...i wish you would have the option to choose between Navi and human
His review didn't seem to clarify whether we should buy it or wait for a sale, but it does seem clear that he doesn't see it as bad enough that we should never touch it.
10 hours in and hate it. Anyone want to buy a disc.
Am I crazy or does he not actually say buy, wait for sale or never touch??????
This clown only gives perfect reviews to Xbox games cause Phil Spencer pays him 😂😂😂
I couldn't get past the 1st person shooter. Was hoping they would give us the ability to alternate but sadly not. That's just me tho otherwise the game graphically looks great.
Looks nice but it's a copy paste of far cry using avatar universe.  No close range combat and as usual these days devs make male characters look really ugly.  No gore or different takes, I dont like that the movies make the humans always the bad guys while these peace loving aliens somehow never discovered unethical conduct or war.  Comes off woke.
WTF!? Are you kidding me. I played this and it was boring and empty among other things. The ACG that didnt have a million followers would definitely call this game garbage. How much is Ubi paying you bro? Smh looks like we lost you too.
Best video game reviewer ever. Ever.
I'm still iffy on buying this just because I've heard the comparison to Far Cry. Far Cry gets so boring
I have no trust in Ubisoft. That's why I haven't played the game yet
The 360 game was awesome, this looks cool.
The only gripe I have currently is the enemy attack range. They absolutely beam you around cover and seem to have supernatural senses to track you through the treetops. Once stealth is broken it’s almost impossible to get back into it and they all just shoot you with insane accuracy across the map.
Is there character creation? I want to play Avatar as my Avatar.  This is Avatar, isn't it?  I didn't see a character customize screen.
Did I miss something like, where was the buys, wait for sale, never touch... .
The world is honestly the only reason I found that makes this game “good” the story was meh and the combat was stale. Hunting doesn’t feel rewarding enough considering how important it is. I don’t know what’s worse a bad game or a meddling one.
This game is fun to just simply walk around in.  The visuals of Pandora are beautiful in this game.
Great review
I don't think the beginning is as bland as you say it is. I think the indoor locations really make you appreciate the true scale of the Na'Vi compared to humans
Never buying first person
Guess they don’t want pc sales since it’s not on steam
I waited for a sale... It's been out like two weeks and already 1/3 ($30) off on Amazon Canada (plus Best Buy and The Source I think.)  Never been an Avatar fan, but clearing those Ubisoft bases clears my inner demons.
The game is currently on sale for $39.99 at Best Buy for those on the fence. A $30 discount 2 weeks after launch is very rare but might mean the difference between picking this up or not. I haven't played, but based on a lot of reviews, including this one, $40 looks like a steal.
PERFECT review. I'm 4 hours in and this game doesn't need to reinvent the wheel to feel wholesome. An authentic Avatar exp. in an open world, I'm fully absorbed in it.
This was the only non ubisoft prejudiced review I have seen. Every other reviewer acts like it is just alien far cry and I am like have you actually played it?
People complained there’s too much vegetation? Well yeah, it’s avatar. What did you expect?
Great video, would you mind providing a game review for Launch? https://youtu.be/tyH8TpUavQE?si=1vD9GUqUkwFcxxe4
Is this an ai?
*_$178.49_* Canadian, so far so good 🔥🔥🔥
Been playing for a few hours bout a dozen missions in, and I. Am. Bored! Do some stuff walk for ever do some small stuff walk forever. Combat is meh, with AI being too omniscient to make stealth viable but it doesn’t matter cuz fighting straight on is super easy. Story is rediculously thread bare just constantly hammering you with Nature good, human tech bad. I dunno, maybe it’s connecting with people really into avatar but I actually kinda just wish this was just a far cry game.
You know what makes a good game! Memories and enjoyment. If a game give you memories and joy then it’s a great game.   Just climbed to get the ikran. Very momentous and beautiful.
Jit just spoiled the game for me
Great game. Really enjoying it so far. Looks much better on PS5 than XBox Series S. I bought it on both so my son and I could play co op, but the frame rates are only 30 FPS on the xbox S which sucks.  Still - enjoying it heaps!
Bought the game and literally spent the first 2 hours (after the opening scenes) just taking in all the beauty of the world. They did good and I look forward to any updates that come along.
jungles are my second most favorite setting for a game after deserts, don't care at all about the franchise but hearing your review makes me think I'll enjoy this so if i ever find myself craving a romp in the jungle and have the time for it  before Horizon FW hits pc I'll give this a try
One thing I think you kind of left out was the Story side of it.
This sounds really up to my speed of game! What has put me off from the recent Far Cry games is the constant barrage of enemies EVERYWHERE! I can't stand it. I want to just be able to go from A -> B and not be assaulted by enemies every 30 seconds, to take in the scenery, explore and loot, and of course continue the story. If I've "conquered" a territory I don't want to still have to fight my way through it. These kind of games need a nice balance of calm adventuring kind and fighting. The fighting has to mean something, ie if I take out some guys at a location I want to be able to feel safe to take in the breeze at that location... That is my reward. If they just keep coming there is no reward. Result: I just stop playing because I'm interested in the story too. Prey had that same problem late game... When the creatures started to respawn when traversing and backtracking through the station I almost stopped playing. Only wanting a resolution to the story kept me going. With the recent Far Cry games there wasn't enough incentive to even do that anymore.
Wish it was 3rd person … would be better
Honestly I'm not looking for the last of us or a rdr2 I'm just looking for a fun avatar game lol
FSR frame gen has terrible shimmering and DLSS doesnt
'everything is scientifically explained'  FLOATING MOUNTAINS
Ubisoft by definition is always a wait for sale. I give 3 months before this hits 14.99
This game has one of the best open worlds, paired with some of the worst combat and stealth. Like, damn. it's bad.
AC3 did the hunting stuff where the quality was dependent on weapon used in like 2012.
Any Ubisoft title is a guaranteed wait for sale for me
watching through the review i cant help but think of an idea of horizon game themed in avatar universe.. great review thank you.
The game is really good. You can tell the devs actually put some love and effort into it. It may not be great, but it is still entertaining.
They're too blue they're too tall i wish it was more like far cry.
your energy is low
Running into your first wild Thanator makes you wish you never see another enemy lol
Thanks you always have "broader opinions".
This looks like the digital experience that Ubisoft wanted to deliver following the release of the first film. I'm grateful that the hardware has caught up quite a bit to close that gap...
This is by far the BEST game I have played in 2023 ! If You like Avatar Films you Love this a lot !!!
Hated those Avatar movies but damn does this game look impressive! Not even just graphically, it looks immersive like Primal and like it was actually made with care for the subject matter.
Hopefully they decide to add a 3rd person option one day. If not, I doubt I’ll ever play it.
You mentioned that the enemy had a hard time killing you ...... Sir you might be playing on the easiest difficulty.. cause playing on the normal difficulty they can destroy you with aim-bot I definitely think that's something you need to look into is the difference between the difficulties.
Probably the closest we will ever get to visiting Pandora, such a Beautiful game and great play style too, not much to dislike apart from i wish it had 1st person flying
I am disappointed you can't be a human/side with humanity like in the 2009 game.
soo this is like far cry primal but avatar style world dats pretty cool
I would have no hesitation  buying this if i had the pc to able to play this in 4k all maxed out with ray tracing this is just a stunning looking game i have ever seen since the days of crysis 1 it has that quality of spectacular awe to it just how crysis 1 once had back then.
I rather play this game than horizon zero dawn as this is in first person less clunky mechanics for mouse and keyboard and better immersion and of course Avatar is stunning visually
I almost didn't get this game, then your review came out. What convinced me wasn't just a "oh, a reviewer I trust liked this game". You painted a picture here that I wasn't expecting from any triple A title and I'm really glad I trusted it. Your reviews have always felt like this over the years, a mix of clear no bullshit information and a very perceptive and eloquent reflection that can only happen when someone really tries to experience something. Like a middle point between a review and a video essay, between journalism and critique? I don't know, it feels unique. Anyway, I just wanted to express how impressive your work is to me and that it is something I always look forward to. Even when a game isn't on my radar it peaks my interest to see what you'll make of it.
I watched this twice and I missed the part where he says “Buy, wait for sale, never”…. Was this a buy? (As I look for an excuse to hit checkout lol)
Normally I’m not the biggest fans of reviews on games that try to convince people to buy or not to buy a game. Reason because I’m an unconventional gamer and like certain aspects of games that other might not find appealing. For example, I have logged more hours in ghost recon breakpoint, fallout 4, and assassins creed origins than probably any other games in my library because to me they’re fun. I hate getting online after a long day at work and getting curb stomped by 6th graders who grew up during the pandemic and therefore sat on their consoles and logged a thousand hours in the game. I also often love  immersive, single player first person experiences- metro exodus being a premier example. To me, video games are about having fun and destressing. I don’t want to sweat a game out or grind for something.
It looks so slow, i think it should have been third person with way faster movement/parkour through the forest
Now a day, it seems good to say negative things about everything, even without trying it!  Well, Ubisoft in my view, have produced good games, like GR, Division 2, Far Cry 3 and now, Avatar.. I like the game. Run´s much better than i thought, after the reviews i have seen. And is just beautiful, and no stutters at all.
It looks like Far Cry Primal with aliens. I like Far Cry Primal so I might like this.
Why is the bow in the wrong hand?
Why cant you play as the good guys?
You really nailed this review and I think you considered this game more thoughtfully than many other critics. I checked the game out for $15 and I find myself agreeing you and skill up more than ign and pc magazine.   All the negative reviews portray this game as another far cry retread but with good graphics and after playing it that feels like such a lazy conclusion. When I play a game I often ask "what part of this game did they put the most work into"? What PC magazine scoffs at as "graphics", I call "setting". The passion this team put into crafting this setting to live up to the movies was clearly their number 1 goal and effort, and I don't think it's wasted. I think James Cameron's Avatar was built with that sense of "hyper realism" to exaggerate and dredge up feelings towards nature that we hold but have forgotten. And to achieve that sense of connection in a video game setting is a masterwork as far as I'm concerned. To have the image and sounds of the game illicit memories of nature walks is an inherent aspect of the setting that they needed to achieve or wouldn't have been worthy of the IP. And like you mention, the entire pace of the game is so different from typical Ubisoft stuff. You're not being inundated with map markers and quest objectives and collectible bullshit, you're just set free to experience this incredible world at your own speed. Not goty but a very worthwhile game that delivers an experience that's more immersive with a tad less focus on gamifying everything into systems.
whats the verdict? buy, wait for sale? never touch? i have it through ubisoft plus, still havnt tried it yet
I like how no reviews talk about the fact that the game released at $90 with a $40 DLC (with Season Pass) on day 1 that only gives you one additional quest. The moment I saw season's pass, I just knew this was going to be another one of ubisoft's moneygrab attempts. Games released by Ubisoft always have a catch afterall. How stupid of me to think that they would just release a complete game and not turn it into another "live service" POS.  Then they post on Twitter about how "players don't know how to enjoy games" when Elden Ring gets GOTY as if we were supposed to enjoy incomplete games with season/battle passes that add a bunch of garbage costumes and weapon skins that nobody asked for.
reminds me of far cry primal
Sure the game looks great but why are we surprised in 2023 after shelling out $500 for next generation consoles??? It's expected. The game is boring as hell with tons of lame fetch quests for flowers , meats , ect.. also 2 enemy models is quite lazy too..soldiers in and out mech suits. If you have nothing to play this is a good time waster
I like the fact that this game kind of almost have a literal skill TREE.  Nice touch, not gonna lie
This game is so good.
Loving this game, completely blown away buy it honestly.  Everything you do just feels so rewarding... doing Explore mode and got badly stuck once so far but otherwise it's very rewarding to just find stuff yourself using provided text direction instead of markers.
This is a great holiday game, or to (as in my case) to take a short break from Baldur's gate.
It's Far Cry Pandora, nothing else. Same formula, over and over. Ubisoft really needs to innovate.
The fact you can't play as or join the humans make this a no purchase for me.
Games from Ubisoft is why I wish Blockbuster was still around. I know Gamefly exists, but renting has become almost extinct. This is one of those games I'd rent for sure. The world I see makes me want to play it, cause it looks like a feast on the eyes. But It's Ubisoft, and their games are known to float in overly bloated mediocrity.
I am legit surprised. A horizon lover I will play this when it goes on sale.
I freakin love the Bow and the animal riding in Far Cry especially in Primal. I wanna see what this game can do with that.
Games are starting to actually look like unreal engine tech demos from 10 years ago
For me it’s the only good far cry game 😅
This isn't my type of game. I typically wont buy a game that is basically just single player...I did buy this game though...and for one reason........................Avatars' movie is the most beautiful eye candy that I have ever experienced. Its the world of Pandora that is just truly breathtaking. I wanted to be in control and basically "take a hike" through the world myself. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention one small detail...I recently bought a very expensive 24gb video card, and have yet to truly test its mettle. I was not disappointed whatsoever. The game actually played flawlessly for me on max settings and, of course, in HDR. The gameplay is ok, nothing bad that I can really say...But graphics, this is a true milestone in gaming history. Gorgeous!!
Boring game. Not liking this hollow jungle shooter.
FSR3 Dude it is so good! Those Devs. at Massive did a Awesome Job and it is the best out there! DLSS is like game over! I would like to know what AA AMD is using for FSR3! Avatar is so good dude! You have to play the first few minutes but when you mount that flying thing! Awesome! I have nearly 150 fps in 4K with FSR 3 and i say it here! It looks better. Yeah, when i do Supersampling like 150 to 200% that is still the best but then the fps drop to...
I kinda lost confidence in him since he recommended Starfield. I dislike wasting money.
Im disappointed that there are no melee weapons in the game. No daggers, no giant clubs, no spears etc.
First game that didn’t want to fast travel in a minute
I wish i got this instead of baldurs gate 3. Now i have to wait. I just bought two new games friday. And i cant buy anymore bc i dont beat them but avatar looks fun af.
It seems like another one of those games where they just focused on creating a large map but didn't bother to make the rest of the game. It looks like Avatar: Survival Evolved.
Where is Jake Sully
so is this a buy, wait for a sale or what? why have this rating scale if your not going to use it?
The one aspect I particularly love is even the generic 'repetitive' mini-bases of enemies designed to flesh out the game as a side activity, are often unique. There's several different variations and alterations of the RDA Pollution bases, of which the different types need to be disabled in different ways.  It's the little things like that; where even the repetitive side-activities have uniqueness, that makes this game not a generic Ubisoft game.   I also love the sound design, as you mentioned. That quest where, spoilers btw, you hunt down Hunter Bravo, put me on the edge of my seat. The horrifying growls I could hear getting closer and closer as I followed his scent made me actually tense in a way not many games have achieved. Of course Hunter Bravo turned out to be extremely weak, especially compared to the Thanator I had already fought out in the wild without a quest which actually was difficult.  The diving off of floating islands and tall cliffs and calling the ikran below you as you fall is always satisfying.   The only downsides, for me personally: The story: it's generic, it's slow, it's predictable. This is definitely still not a game that's main-story focused, and you should go in to this game expecting that. Movement: feels really slow; particularly the ikran. They feel so slow, you move slower when diving than you do just gliding, there's definitely something wrong with it. Cooking: Is completely useless when you get high enough in the appropriate skill tree, where skills increase how much energy raw food gives you, to the point it's the same if not better than cooked food - it's really only the buffs that make cooking worth while, and even then the buffs aren't needed. I went the entire game without focusing on buffs, and haven't felt like I missed out on anything. Collectibles: Too many generic collectibles, e.g the bellsprigs, which feel like they don't even do anything; eg bellsprigs don't even feel like they increase your health.  There's also a lot of pop-in, weird obvious low-quality LoDs in the distance, low-quality dirt textures and extremely pixelated water - on the Xbox Series S, which did dampen enjoyment a little bit.    Overall, I'd rate it a 7/10;: Sound: 9/10 Music: 8/10 Graphics: 8/10 Story: 6/10 Side-Activities: 7/10 Collectibles: 5/10 Gunplay: 7/10 Movement: 5/10 Voice Acting: 6/10 Enjoyability: 8/10  Buy it now if you're in to Avatar, wait for a sale if you're not too bothered about Avatar, but I definitely don't recommend avoiding it, it is definitely a lot more enjoyable than I thought it'd be as someone who doesn't care much for Avatar.
Graphics looks great. Gameplay looks tedious asf.
Ao basically never play it unless it goes to xbox gamepass
So
I have like 3-4 h and its very boring.
Sounds like I finally found a review from someone who actually understands the game (and not jumping on the bandwagon “It’s a boring game). I’m throughly enjoying the game , taking my time exploring every where.😊
Ive really liked it so far, ive only spent about 20 hrs with it but so far it's been great.
Please review against the storm city builder
It’s wild that this wasn’t on my radar at all because another developer thinks withholding their game from Steam will make them more money.
Only thing I wish at this point into playing is, I want to be able to stick a human to the wall with my heavy bow. Or have the arrows sticking out of the mechs. That could be solved with an update though.
Been a lot of fun in co-op
Hard pass
Gang gang
ACG’s one off clips are the best. Easily missed if distracted but always on point when dialed in.  Case in point.   Turning enemies into “puffer fish by pumping so many arrows into them”  Just brilliant.   Dead and bloated, the puffed up part. All the prickly parts the arrow part.   Just so good. All the time.   Good review. As always.   Best out there doing this. Best in terms of content provided, analytical and gameplay fun deep dives of various game aspects,   And witty, derisive, even funny, yet insightful script to describe it all.   Just long enough for a more deeper dive into a new game or IP without going too long and take up too much time.
I might've been interested in an Avatar RPG.... But this is not that. It's a Far Cry game.
As a JC Avatar fan, I would recommend this game. If you are not a fan, but you like open world games with a good balance of exploration, gear progression, hunting/fighting, then I would recommend this game as well! It's got some gross predatory microtransaction crap that Ubisoft was bound to throw in because they are desperate, but besides that the game design seems to have a solid foundation!
im interested to see how this compares to the 360 game they made. i personally enjoyed the old one. the fact you cant be the human side is a little sad but not surprising with how the 2nd movie went.
wtf is the point of having this tittle if you never actually say if its a "Buy, Wait for Sale or Never Touch".
I'd probably consider it when it comes to Steam. It seems like a good game, but not my priority 'cuz I have enough of open world game to me.
Far Cry 6 also needs an fov slider on PS5 like this game
Having a far cry-inspired gameplay is very suiting for Avatar frontiers of Pandora. I'm actually pretty hyped
In typical far cry fashion, this game will be $20 within six months. I’ll hold out until then. AvaFar Cryvatar.
Reskinned far cry with flying pigeons and ugly char creator. Think I will pass until it's 3$
I would have made it more like the movie where you go in and out of the avatar and gomtomearth and maybe other planets
Avatar has got to be the biggest franchise with zero fans... I've never met a single person that even remembers that it exists.
This is something I'll definitely want to play down the line, after a sale. I really enjoy the world of Avatar, and to be able to run through such a beautiful representation of it seems like a great time.
I have a gay buddy named Rick and he said it sucked dick... but does that mean he liked it? 🤔
How would I fare with an nvidia 3070, 32 gigs of ram, and an i9 13th gen?
Wait for it to be discounted to £10-15, just like about any other Ubisoft game. They're not worth very much. Got this one with my GPU purchase and oh boy it very much is a generic Ubisoft game, except now it also runs like absolute garbage even if you have top tier hardware 😂
This surprisingly looks good to me.
I've played enough Far Cry games to recognize how it plays. An avatar skin over farcry gameplay,  I'm sold.
Absolutely beautiful world…and that’s was all. Extremely boring missions…every mission is almost the same…go here for there and come back, pick up this picking that and come back or bring it there. You have to farm and hunt or otherwise no progression. It is really boring. If you think about what this could have been. Very lackluster. Maybe on sale for 20 bugs. A typical Ubisoft farming simulator, looking good but very lame.
The fact that everybody's putting this game down and acting like it's garbage on all these big YouTube channels as ridiculous Y'all don't even mention one of the most great things about this game This game has co-op Not many of ubisoft's games have co-op and no one even mentions that part of this game everybody's talking about all these other stupid stuff about the game but no one even mentions that it has a really good co-op feature
hello Malanthrax still my favourite YT Reviewer
I want to play as the humans wiping out the Indians...I mean aliens. This game has no interest for me.
If we want to play it what edition is worth buying? Is the extra mission and items worth it for gold
Thanks for reviews better to watch a review then to risk hard earned money
I want 3rd person
Lol, great performance on a 4090... That is like saying: great performance on a McLaren.
So... buy, wait for sale or never touch???
I want to get this game, it sounds great, has very dense environments and the gameplay is said to feel good....but for £70, i will wait.
I loved the first avatar game a lot and i hate i sold it back then because now its so hard to find. Hopefully this one is good
This looks like it's gonna be one of the best games based on a movie like Mad Max or Alien: Isolation.
They did an amazing job! 💟🌌☮️
I don't think the decission going for first person was the right one.
The staging took too long! Games need to get to the action sooner. The resistance area was terrible. I literally couldn’t get past the part where you have to fix the faulty cable. So unintuitive! The visuals were great tho.
So it s a buy??? U didnnt say
Thanks for this in depth review, it was fantastic to listen and watch someone go through all aspect's of this game, (So well articulated) I was fearing it was going to be another FryCry (not that they were bad) just been there done that so to speak, you convinced me to buy this title. (i was hoping for GTA6 release soon but that by the sound of it 3 - 4yrs away for PC players so well need something else.
Smells like a far cry spin off
No MÊLÉE combat no purchase for me
Thank you for this review…this game is not for me lol
should of just called it farcry avatar
Only gripe I have is that it is First Person. Somehow the bow does not work for me if it is First Person. Horizon got that right. One of the few things it did.
Still have no idea why people would buy Ubi game day one. All their nowadays games don’t worth the full price at.all.
For once I’m really disappointed in you. Hear me out.  Avatar wasn’t on my radar. I then heard your review of avatar and thought, ok I give this a go.   Then a disappointing thing happened, I’m actually enjoying the game. Beautiful world although generic gameplay. But on games award day they drop baulders gate 3 on Xbox.   I won’t buy two games at the same time. I would have delayed avatar knowing bg3 was coming out.   I’ve now asked for bg3 as a Christmas present off the kids.   Thanks. I have to wait two or so weeks. Haha. Keep up the good work.
Imagine if they used this engine to make a Lord of the Rings game.
Farcry/horizon mash up.  Sent trails remind you of horizon and game style, farcry.   (Horizon zero dawn)
The game's a Massive W
You appear to be giving a balanced review rather than being a fanboy or slamming everything about the game. What is wrong with you?
It looks closer to Farcry Primal than the other Farcry games. Does it have co-op?
Now remaster the 2009 game and I'm sold.
Very good review. Subscribed!
Great review as always!
Does this game have the very obnoxious screen tearing that all newer Ubisoft games have?
I was hoping this game was going to be good as I love the world of pandora. Glad to hear its worth buying
I find it humorous, this is the first game ive personally seen where they hold the rifle in a realistic position, off to the side where their shoulder would be, instead of the center of the chest where ADS normally puts it, and you, "hate the way they hold the rifle"
Not on Steam... Not interested.
I’ve noticed while playing that the characters voices are low quality and sound like they’re in a big empty room. Doesn’t sound very good.
This should have been a VR game
Still the best, bro. Thank you.
watched this vid and decided to buy it...  at the checkout the price was $129.00 ....  NOT going to happen...  you guys enjoy the game, I'll be watching from the sidelines...
I want to play as a human.  No matter how dirty they play, you always root for the home team
I'm really REALLY liking the gameplay and world of AFOP and navigating it feels incredible.The story is meh, especially the extremely over the top cliché hilariously evil bad guys. But the fights against them are fun, and destroying the bases and renewing the world feels rewarding. It's Far Cry Pandora in some ways, but absolutely it's own thing in others.
This was never going to be a good game. I don't know why any of you ever thought it would be
My interest in Avatar is a 0/10
I think this is one of the most impressive open worlds I’ve ever played in a video game, ngl. Usually don’t like Ubisoft but this is a breath of fresh air. Movement system is absolutely awesome and the combat is fun. I’m amazed at how much I love this game tbh
Terrible game skip dont be fooled by the flying mount gameplay like i was you need to play like 6 hours just to get it. Fun for 20 mins to fly n ride the dire horsd thats it.
The gap after movie 1 was too big, people grew up, the hype died, people moved on. Now it’s just a money grab on nostalgia. Shouldn’t be made.
Cant wait to play it, Looks great, Got it free on ubisoft + 🥰
You didn’t actually say to buy or not 🙄
Seeing this game and experiencing flight of passage in Disney makes me think it’s a shame there is no VR component to this…
Long time fan here, you're by far my main go to reviewer. I really enjoyed the slightly slower pace of speech during this review. You just keep getting better and better. Thanks for helping me be an informed consumer!
farcry5 was fantastic. farcry primal was dogwater. i am so torn on this game lol
Spend dozens of hours in the world of the Avatar movies? You can't make me.
so essentially its Far Cry: Pandora
Thanks for the in depth review
This would be a fun game to just walk around in! Is it PC or console?
Seems like far cry 6 in a way, even with the lack of stealth options,   I wish they would stop making such large worlds with hardly anything in them to do, or find outside of side missions, and resource collecting, Gta-5 & far cry 6 are some of the biggest offenders, like there is a lot, but it's all surface level boring stuff especially in gta 5,, far cry 6 was slightly better with the environmental puzzle locations, and having a bunch of weapons stashed around the world, but everything else about the game bad, poorly thought out combat, locations, missions, a mostly big hallow world, it is a far cry from the older games in the series, it is kind of wack it seems more similar to far cry 6 than the older game's.
Why didn't you mention console performance, you normally touch on both consoles performance.
Thanks for the review mang. Not for me. I just wanna conquer and kill the sky people, then move on to the next game. I certainly don’t want to spend 100 hours doing “work” like crafting junk, cooking junk, or foraging junk in a specific way as to not break the space mango.
Man I dont want spoilers. I just want to know if its a interesting game to play. Thumbs down.
Is Great Leonopteryx in the game ?
Too bad you're not testing on the 3070. The overly expensive GPU crisis started with the 3080 and above. I think many of us are wondering how the new games would play on our 3070 or similar.
It sounds to me that those who loved Assassin's Creed Black Flag will also love this too, right?
Far cry avatar
You put in the video that if we feel the movement is too floaty, to set "feedback" to high. However I can't find that setting in the games menus anywhere. Any chance you can tell me where it is?
Wow.... they actually seem to have pulled it off. This is the most unlikely result possible
If this was a survival game I would already be playing it. I wanna see that world but I don't like Far Cry.
I was eclectic a bigger survival element from the game.
Can you pick your mount like the movies meaning if you find a cooler looking one or the big flyer that made Jake the big daddy of the avatar or are you limited to two
I just played the game for 45min and I hated it.  I uninstalled the game..
Please tell me it's not icon barf on the map
“4 eyed pterodactyl thingy”😂
What I find impressive is that at 2:09 the time it takes to travel 4.4 light years in the Avatar universe is only 6 years.
Wait for sales... boxing day is coming and it's a Ubisoft game... probably a good discount on it
The thing I see holding this game back is... restricting the game to the movies, but then not using any of the movie characters... if you're going to avoid movie content than just make it completely standalone with full creative freedoms
needs more rocks
Hey ACG, great video. How was the character progression vs story?  With openworld games, I like to explore and be a semi completionist, but I find that most games like this do a horrible job at spacing out the character progression with the open world nature. I like to do all sidequests, but if I do that, I end up capping out on all of the skills, obtaining the best weapons, but end up finding myself 50 to 75% through the game, but end up getting bored because there is nothing else to "go after" or look forward to.
Ive been wandering about this game in awe for hours.. it’s been a long while since a game made me do that.   I’m honestly enjoying it a good amount
Someone really needs to do a Starfield mod for Avator. I think they made a huge mistake in not emulating Starfields approach of having featlureless alien worlds with nothing in them.  All this vegetation creatures and alien life in Avator. Booorrrring. 🥱 I'm sure it is obvious to everyone that the Starfield approach is where the fun really is,. Not one loading screen in the footage. Avator developers must really be slacking.
Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch?
The trailer before really didnt do the game justice, in this video the game looks absolutely nuts, So dense in detail and still such a high quality scene... I couldn't have cared less about this game before, Now I'm extremely excited and very concerned my 3060TI is going to give up... I'm not a fan of farcry's newer games but really love 3, 4 and primal is fun... God I'm so happy to get blindsided like this
Awesome review thank you for the look
It’s safe to assume that there’s no MTX?
Far Cry: Pandora looks promising
Looks soooo boring.
it is sad that you are using a 2.000 gpu. it runs great .. yeah but how many can run it when it swallows 16gb of vram and 15gb of system ram ?
I'd like a new Turok game with those graphics.
Wow I am genuinely surprised to hear that this game turned out so well. Not only is it a movie licensed game which of historically often much poorer quality than other titles, but it's based based on a franchise that is already pretty underwhelming and meh to begin with. To turn that into a game that is both well made AND fun is a truly impressive feat. I'm probably still not gonna pick it up personally, since I am not really a fan of the franchise to start with. But I know a lot of people are, and it's great that they will get a really good game to explore it with. Hopefully it sells well and we can get more games like it in the future, for both Avatar fans and for fans of other franchises.
as some one who recently replayed FC5, i absolutely Loathed the encounters. I tested it, stood in the woods not too near a road. and Literally had 4 groups of enemies come find me in about 4 minutes. couldnt enjoy the open world at all.
Fantastic review, got me to buy. Thank you!
Took me a second to get the "man thats a lot of shops" joke, well done lol
Excellent review thankyou. Is there dynamic weather?
So, a buy then? :P
I'm looking at this and I'm thinking: what a great Predator game they could have made instead of this! lol Idk, Avatar is just not my thing, unfortunately, but the jungle-like environments they made are top-notch.
Is there photo mode??
Awesome review. Gotta have it now. Thanks
The Avatar universe is just to dumb for me, I can't get into it at all. Plus the Navi design is really unappealing, and Ubisoft sucks... so I'll pass, thanks for the review though.
I had zero interest in this before. I might pick it up now someday, thx!
I cannot believe that GTA 6 will not be on PC until a year after consoles.
Had this been in 3rd person than I might very tried it. Cant find fun walking around such a detailed world with glaucoma and  disfigured arms tho
Massive has always kicked ass.. we need a World in Conflict 2!!
The character creator is actual trash lol but man is the world ever beautiful once you step outside into pandora. But yea it's like the worst character creator ever almost all the options look the same lol
This is basically Far Cry Primal : Avatar edition
They seensd to have padded game length with ubisoft repeative missions
I work in a dispensary in the PNW, pretty accurate. 😅
Another great review ACG! I was on the fence with this game, primarily due to my dissatisfaction with FC6. Your review boosted my desire to play it and my gf is also a huge avatar fan/gamer so it’ll make an easy Christmas gift for the two us.
This guy sounds like those Ai voice recap channels. Ok video though
I can't believe im playing Stealth Archer in Pandora
looks like far cry: pandora.
Not convinced
How does it run on Xbox Series S?
Massive  give us Division 3!!! Please.. Division ( 1&2 ) is the greatest at what it is..   This review of Avatar was really helpful, I will buy the game now, very well done review. Thank you!
Looks ok. However I’m more interested in Forbidden West than this game. I might buy this game when it’s $10.
You're not funny, stick with reviewing games
First 2 minutes into the intro, I already know, I wouldn't play it. Not based on the graphics, just based on the animations feel.
Thanks for that review! Wouldn't have bought this title, without your review, the game is all the things you said. As probably most, I was expecting Far Cry with Smurfs but it feels different enough to stand on its own. Playing on a 3080ti, the default settings (2k, high) look pretty optimized and as with the movies, Pandora is the real star, it just looks spectacular. The Snowdrop Engine means not only a change to better and more detailed graphics, but more importantly better controls. Mouse (once set to your personal sensitivity) and keyboard feel smooth and just right in this game, something I couldn't say about Far Cry titles.
What's the point in creating a character, and have outfits, when you never get to see them? Even the cutscenes are in first person.. so 🤷‍♂️
It definitely looks good, but the fact Ubisoft is pulling an Epic... it'd sure be a shame if it were cracked by the end of the week.
It's not on Steam, and when it does launch there, at full price....it will come with Ubisoft malware launcher. It's a never touch :)
So it’s a buy? Did I miss the verdict?
I'm not a particularly big Avatar fan, but I was interested in this game for the beauty of its world and the chance to explore it. I'll probably wait for a sale (still backlogged on games from this past fall and I really want to play Rogue Trader), but I am now looking forward to this game even more than I already was. Thanks for the great review, as always.
the only ever reviewer you can trust to be brutally honest. jeremy reviews for the holidays baby, aint nothing better than that.
would have been honestly way cool if there was two story lines where you're a security joe and then this story line like aliens vs predator
I would love to see Guerilla Games making an Avatar game
I just want to play this in VR.
Ugh, equally as vapid as its source material. Flaccid sci-fi.
Starfield ?
Is there a way to manually save? Or does the game purely rely on checkpoints? If so, how do you save in the open world?
Great review as always. I hadn't realized it was out yet. bad marketing?
Rogue Trader review? Just watched the vid. Nice, can't wait for you're Rogue Trader review
just seeing the crappy loot items rpg element screen makes me retch in disgust
Looks like flashy junk food, and I'm just so sick of flashy junk food. Also, I cannot fucking stand that you fire guns right-handed and draw a bow left-handed. I know, minor nitpick in the grand scheme of things, but it's the kind of thing that is such a stupid oversight that it would be glaring me in the face the entire time.
As someone who was hyped for this game, I'm glad to hear it doesn't suck.
Be careful of buying this game. I had preordered it in September and now I am getting a buggy mess. I have asked for refund and they approve it. I will be showing a video of my first-hand experience with this game, in my channel.
So how does it play and look on the Series X/PS5?
You give the best game reviews by far. Appreciate you bro. God bless!
Incredible review!!!!
Ну спасибо за продолжение Far Cry Primal, красивая массажная будет
Far cay:blue people edition
This game is homophobic. You just attack human settlements and scavenge the leftovers. Come on! Not all people want to exterminate these cute overgrown blues. They can't be that hostile. 😂
Cant wait to play out my white guilt anti colonialism fantasies in this POS game
Best game reviewer on YouTube
Is the audio a little wonky in this video or is it just my speakers?
I started skipping ubisoft games cause I got sick of their microtransactions in a premium priced game. Does this game also have that cancer? How expensive is it to get them all? Reviewers should also add this to their reviews to keep people informed as it is a big part of their games.
Looks pretty cool.
Anyone know if Ubi finally got smart and ditched that 1990's co-op tether system? Legit going to make the difference for a bunch of us buying it or writing off another multiplayer afterthought
Uh... does he no longer do Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch? Am I going crazy?
so basically its Far Cry - F sake Ubisoft. Trash devs
Thanks, I very nearly overlooked this game. Great review👍🏼
I fired this up last night when it unlocked. So far I am very impressed. This game engine does amazing things. Only thing that bugs me is when you shoot enemies with arrows there is no arrow sticking out of bodies. Is it a bug or is this the way it is?
This game should have been 3rd person like assassins creed with multiplayer
This could be an awesome game for young fans who love Avatar.
Looks like a gonna flop game, tats for sure... First person view, blue hands, blue body, only uses bow?? Who's gonna play tat??
Great review, much obliged!
Would be nice if I could trust your opinion but after you sucking off that boring bs mess that was Starfield, I simply cannot.
far cry :( boring
I can not listen to this guy pronounce Ikran
I've hated the Avatar movies, held no interest in past Avatar games since I don't like the movies and was burning out on Ubisoft's "sameness", especially after the lazy AC Mirage.  Yet your review, being one of only about three I trust to be honest, has me actually considering this game now.
Glad you loved the game. and BTW. New NVidia drivers just came out yesterday for this game. so I'm sure some of those issues will be better or gone.
knowing ubisoft, this will be on sale prob soon-ish. Idk if I want to get ubi+ or just wait for a sale.
This game would have been a absolutely amazing in 3rd person
Ive never seen the movies nor played the 09 Avatar game  but this looks cool. Im stoked to check this out I just hate the fucking fanfare about how AMAZING the films are when its the same tired story as every other movie
I do find it funny that the majority of us don’t have a 4090 GPU watching a review of a persons experience with the 4090 GPU
love the weed store joke! great content as always!
I find the entire Avatar franchise so unbelievably bland and uninteresting, I truly can't believe it's from the genius mind of James Cameron. I'm a big fan of both Far Cry Primal and The Division though, so I'll pick this up later. Great review as always.
Bojangles !
Far Cry’s formula is so overdone and apparently contagious that it’s infecting other franchises.
Epic Gamnes only? EEEEWWWWWWWW
“Load the jump” reminds me a lot of the old Prototype series
Did I miss it, or did you never say "Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch"?  Judging by your review, i'm thinking Buy.  Maybe i just missed it.
Looks good .Still my go to far cry is primal . I play it on survival with no map or owl and don't tame above a wolf and wow what an experience.
Nice review man
Did he actually say if this is Buy, Wait, or Never Touch? I watched rhe whole video and didn't hear the rating.
Nothing says anti-capitalism like capitalism
too bad im a human supremacist. The fires of industry need fuel. sorry about it.
Your review is so much better than IGNs.
I just wanna know who asked for this game?
This game looks fun, but dang I hate the look of the Navi. The giant cat smurfs really bug me.
Did any reviewer reviewed the game on consoles? There's not a single review on consoles that's not a good sign.
Far Cry Primal but You're BLUE.     MEH
Gonna pick this up for pc tonight or tomorrow whenever it unlocks.
I thought for sure this would be a dud. I dont even like the movies, but this looks good.
Bro this gives me the awesome scale and realized world that I haven't been excited about since Anthem or Dragon Age Inquisition
Definitely going to get this. I'm kind of meh on FarCry lately as well (although I played them), and a change of pace sounds great to me. Also, this looks absolutely beautiful.
Haven't been here in a while, because reviews just haven't had a place in my life. When I want to get the best general but personalized and detailed take, however, I there's always been one source. A. C. G. Let's begin.
Did he ever say was it a buy or wait?
Looks lame.
Wonderful review and damn I'm glad I don't trust IGN
How long did it take you to finish the main story content?
Ya idk if I wanna be a filthy xenos.. This looks boring and janky and I'm forced to spare the heavy flamer on the enemies of mankind.. Lol frfr who asked for this?
It looks like spiderman: great game, with unbearable cringy story
Is it woke?
Wait you can't play as the humans? I wanted to be space marine
Do we know if the PS5 Dualsense and haptic feedback controller will work on PC? Ubisoft been adding it in all their latest game but *shrug* I don't know here.
so, what is it then? buy, wait for sale or never touch? if you‘re not rating it that way anymore then change the title man…
I hope this comes to Steam one day :'/
Wont this be available on Ubi +??
looks incredible. Also looks $40.
No steam = no buy
I promise my mate I wouldn't watch review before we play but I need to know can you make a male character or you are stuck as a female?
Amazing review! Was getting a bit tired of the Far Cry comparisons. In a lot of ways even Ghost of Tsushima plays like Far Cry, with the difference it's not first-person. So it's good to see what actually makes Avatar stand out from this formula.
horizon zero dawn west is better
as someone who plays far cry bow and sniper only..... this feels likethe next evolution
How would the pace of questing/exploration compare to Biomutant? that was another game criticised for having a lot of "empty space", but one I loved spending nearly 100 hours in.
I was cautiously hopeful that this would be at least enjoyable, and it sounds like it will be right up my alley, with the exploration being the focus and not a nuisance.  I always wait for review, and this sounds like a Buy for me.
I am pleasantly surprised. I have tuned out Ubisoft because of the FC/AC burnout. But this sounds like it could be interesting.
That's a lot of shops.
sounds like my kind of game, i only need to know how it runs on the xbox
Thanks mate, better than expected!
This loos absolutely amazing and i can't wait to play it
Great review as always! Thank you. Did I miss the section for audio sample? You usually include it but maybe its bc I am half awake haha today
This looks like the most Ubisoft game ever.
ignoring cause can't play as humans  but for those that find the Navi fantasy appealing should enjoy it
Wow, I went from “not interested” to “sold” pretty quick from this video. Like you, I find Far Cry too repetitive and boring.
SIZE DOESN'T ALWAYS MATTER 😂😂
I wish it was more third person action, seeing the Navi running around would be cooler.
Im interested in an eventual VR mod for this…
You can be blazé about some things acg but not about avatar……
Wait, so this Avatar game… its *not* just a lazy movie tie in cash grab?
Ahh yes, Geoff Keighley, the enemy of the Na'vi.
After the Starfield shilling review, I no longer trust this channel.
Aww. I was really hoping we could choose a side in the conflict and slaughte- I mean - liberate them and stea- I mean - procure and protect their natural resources.
Did you try it on your 2080? Not many of us have a 4090 :P
Looks pretty fun. Ill grab it when its inevitably 30 dollars next month
Glory to the RDA!
You mentioned you hated how they hold guns; but it's not just that from what I can see. Looking at the footage, every single weapon seems to be held as if your character is left handed. I guess if that's what they've done we right handed people will get to see what it's like playing as a character that's opposite handed to us. At first look, it does feel a bit odd.
Wait, I don't see any white or yellow paint showing you were you can climb. How are current gamers suppose to play this??
I wasn't sure about this one but now I'll definitely have to pick it up at some point.  I'll probably wait for a sale though as I'm already playing several games at once.
Great review as always. This game looks like a great evolution on the far cry gameplay loop.
So this is basically far cry Avatar who would have thought
I wish this was on PSVR2
Is there aim down sites? Sorry I skipped to the end as I don’t have time to watch the whole video right now
Much better than I thought it’d be! I’m excited now
Meh not available on anywhere but Ubisoft Connect.  Lame.
Idk if u can change camera views. I love the idea of these games. But we gotta stop having these games play in first person mode. All open world games need to be in third person.
Great review as always but where is "Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch?" or did i miss it completely?
Does this just look like a horizon zero dawn reskin to anyone?
I couldn't care less about the Avatar movies and I haven't been following this game at all, but wow I want to play this.
The fact you need an internet connection to install this game is the reason I'm not buying it.
I think my biggest gripe with ubi games and games that take influence from them is their fear to add realistic arm movements. It's jarring and off putting to always see your hands just barely below your eye line, especially when climbing rocks or ropes. It makes such a difference, to me at least, on how it feels to traverse the landscape by just adding realistic/semi realistic arm and hand movements.   As an example, even CoD has gotten the memo and added animations where your hands don't stop at the top edge of the screen. Rather they allow them to go above your head to grab out of sight edges or grab points.
Reminds me of Turok on the N64. Great review!!!
I wanted to play as a human and face the horrors of pandora from a human perspective. I just wanted to hop into an amp suit and rip ass
I am excited that the game doesn’t just tell you where to go, it gives you guidance like “west of the big tree , south of the rock” and then the player still has to explore the are instead of just following a waypoint.
Did you like far cry blood dragon and primal? Then this game is for you.
I expected nothing and I am very positively surprised
Why do you sometimes include the “buy, wait for sale, or never touch” verdict in the title and sometimes not? Are you trying to get more views based on the fact that it’s a popular title?
The question is can we play as the RDA In the new game?
So a mix between Far Cry Primal and Far Cry 4?  Honestly, that’s still much more interesting than anything Ubisoft has put out since last gen.
A franchise where humanity is the enemy? No thanks.
Any screen tearing on PS5?
Thats a weird looking erdtree
Honestly if it’s just far cry in pandora imma love it
Im on Xbox series x im certainly looking forward to this one ,, but I'll still wait awhile , , need to see more reviews
Another Ubi game, another typical ACG review.
It looks amazing but wow those poor screenspace reflections on water really stand out like a sore thumb when surrounded by the detailed environment.  I might try this over the christmas even though i wasn't that into the movies
Got this for free with my new cpu 😊 Can’t wait to try it out.
I just wanted a remaster of the 2009 Avatar game.
Blue man Far Cry
This game is a solid 4, so boring It helps sleep
Let me know when the human campaign is released.
I think the game looks great, and it's nice to see the performance is adequate. It indeed feels more like Farcry Primal than the "regular" Far Cry games. Other reviewers where not completely sold on the battle system, but I think that boils down to personal taste. There is one thing that you forgot to mention the "elephant in the room" however... Micro transactions. Yep - They are there in the game, and sadly that makes me weary and lowers the appeal of the game. And the second point for me personally, is that the game is not sold on Steam. For me that means I will wait until the game is sold there. Anyway - Nice review... I liked it...
Cant play as the RDA and secure resources for a dying Earth, hard pass
Yeah I’ll wait for when the other half of the game comes out and you can play as the actual good guys.
Pleasantly surprised that they managed to pull this off. I was excited for this but as soon as heard Ubisoft was involved my expectations dropped quite a bit. It is rare these days for Ubisoft to have a win.
Oh, good. Another 1st person game where you in no way effect the flora as you move through the world.  Immersion is all about having shrubs pass right through you as though you are a ghost.
As pretty as Pandora is, I'd way prefer if this kind of AAA effort went towards Cameron's Terminator IP. Massive would do a much better job of portraying the fight against Skynet in a post-apocalyptic hellscape better than Teyon ever could.
This channel lost all credibility in my book after the Starfield sellout. Now you’re just another version of IGN
My guys. $17 on Xbox and I assume PlayStation. Ubisoft +
All I need to know is… is there an FOV slider?
i dont think this is in order while are just photo prints cause the game only is released tommorow , and u do this cause on ur structure the ppl who work on gaming companys only get a very low salary , when i did over 1 billion only with hogwarts legacy , there is the partner range too , u only got this photo prints ppl.
You can go play as a human in every other game
It's probably gonna have to be a wait for sale for me. It still has the FC garbage and repetitive gameplay loop and middling story/character writing. I'll find it in a bargain bin someday, play it for the world and have a few laughs, then never touch it again like I did with FC5 and 6.
Did he give his buy, sale or never rating? I watched it all but maybe missed it.
So, its a Ubisoft game - very pretty - shame about the game play 😅
Does he not say to wait for sale or not?
far cry 7 blue edition
Overpriced for what we are given. Ubisoft is heading the wrong direction. Needs several updates and a sale to be purchased. And no demo sucks.
Never listen to gamers who think They know what they're saying, several years ago people were so insistent you will never need more than 8 gigs of vram, gamers who never used 3d software that is.
I think that’s a really interesting point about open world games.  Less is more with regard to random NPC encounters.   Open world games, where you come across random NPC activity less often, honestly feels more impactful, and better sells the idea that this is a real living breathing world. It’s far more immersive.  Previous open world titles by Ubisoft, especially far cry, it felt like a five year old has been given the button to spawn enemies and animals, and he’s pressing that sucker every five seconds! It totally destroys any immersion!
Too bad it's published by Ubisoft. That fact takes this game off my list.
When I saw the gameplay for the first time, I got farcry primal vibes and knew this game would def be for me. Excited to pick it up tomorrow.
I didn't even know there was an Avatar game being made until you mentioned it on the podcast. I don't understand the timing. But I guess this entire franchise is built around timing that doesn't make any sense. But it's certainly the nicest looking game set in a world created 15 years ago releasing a year after the last movie and two years before the next one.
How long is the game?:)
I wonder if the start of the game is supposed to be "bland" for symbolism. Tight boring human-made corridors with a basic tutorial and then suddenly you jump into a gigantic colorful world filled with nature and unique blue catpeople. A strong juxtaposition that would definitely create a moment of awe in the player.  I'm legitimately no fan of Ubisoft nowadays but this does look pretty amazing. Always been into the "Nature fights back" trope myself so this is pretty up my alley. I didn't love Avatar but I did enjoy the first movie and was extremely intrigued by the flora and fauna on display. The fact that this game tells you the lore of the things you're harvesting is a huge boon for me as I'm very interested in such information.   I knew this day would come eventually - that Ubisoft would release a game I actually really wanted to play. Credit where it's due I guess. Silver lining is that I'll be supporting the dev team behind this one with my purchase. Not sure when I'll get it since I'm drowning in games already, but yeah this is a buy from me.   Excellent review as usual.
did i miss the rating?
the story has to be trash if he's not talking about it. it's beautiful yea, we can see that, but how is the story?? the campaign???  like a game can look less than stellar but have a good enough story id play y'know.
"Torrent"
So is it fun? Like even marginally more fun than far cry? Even if it’s just blue far cry 5 I’m fine.   I need a goofy turn my brain off shooter now.
If only you could play as an AVATAR to hunt Navi.
NOPE
Talked me into buying it.
Muhjake!
This looks more like Horizon then any other game
but... but... do you need to climb on radio towers to unlock part of the map with lots of icons on it to work off?
Far Pandora, huh?  Shame. Open worlds are pretty same nowadays.
Great review, not going to lie the terrible story and monotonous busy work is a an easy skip, the open world does look gorgeous though.
Games based on movies usually suck except Batman, Mad Max, and Spiderman!
Looks awesome, but I've already got my game library 90/10 Steam/GOG. Not keen to buy anything on Ubisoft specifically.
"the humans are stealing navi children for some reason, and you play as one of those children, reconnecting with your people "  lol. nah.  and I thought the movies storylines were heavy handed and stupid.  not going to even touch this game, even when I got it free via a new vid card.
I wanna be blue
Don't buy it, it's woke garbage.
Game would have been so much better with the option to play as the RDA like the original Avatar game.
so many bot comments
So was it a "Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch?"
This is the first game I've pre-ordered in years.  I don't like paying full price or pre-ordering but this seemed different and a breath of fresh air take on the Far Cry type of games.  And of course the world of Pandora is just amazing.  Can't wait to get it and have some fun for hours on it.
I love ACG reviews, that being said sometimes it’s hard to just skip and see what his review was
Haven't played Far Cry 6 but I couldn't finish 5 precisely because it was just too much. You could just stand in one spot and watch absolute chaos around you in every direction and it just got old. I didn't want to participate in any of it.
I love, FAR CRY PRIMAL…. That game played on survival mode with the hood turned off, is genuinely excellent. The hunting was great! Had one of the best ecosystems Ubisoft have ever done in an open world game. Animals interacted with one another animals, hunted other animals. If you killed an animal, its blood would give off a cent to nearby predators that would come and try and eat it is corpse.  So I was excited about this game.   Several things that killed it for me.  1) there’s no melee combat? Which is strange, because in the fil the Navi fight with spears, clubs, axes, knives? Where is all that?  2) stealth kills have been a staple of the far cry series, and you would’ve thought they would have carried over being a Ubisoft title?   3)
Looks pretty cool and fun imo
IDK the forest plants graphics looks rough
My god, that world looks gorgeous!
This just illustrates that up to a point graphics don't matter.  The Devs need to focus on creative gameplay/combat...you know, the parts of the game that make it FUN. It does just remind me of Far cry.
Looks thrice as fun as Starfield.
I am hyped as fxxk...5 hours until Launch Here in Germany 😢
this game looks painfully mid
this is literally Far Cry Primal: Avatar... how are people not seeing this?  also more importantly - where the heck is the titular 'Buy, Wait for Sale, Never Touch?' i watched this twice and cant find the actual recommendation that you always do? is this a sponsored vid or something? oO
As a fan of the Horizon series and Avatar movies, I'm gonna for sure enjoy this a lot
No ability to play as the humans, no interest from me. The Navi aren't even likeable Xenos like the Orks.
Super glad they kept the "Eywa nature" from the movies. Everything is alive, so you have to kill it cleanly and take only what you need.
One of the most derivative overrated stories in recent memory. I still can't believe this ever got made into a film. Unobtanium. The obvious white savior narrative. It's all so blah.
Game of the year
Great video. Don't have to listen to the whole thing right now but I have a question. Does this require Internet to play? I hope not lol
I ain't climbing for 20min !😂
I’m not gonna lie it looks better than I expected. I’m considering it after the video
I like what I've heard so far. Sound nice. One concern. How hard is it? When a game has plenty to do and plenty of resources at your disposal, my one concern is that I won't actually need those resources. I need some pushback in order to feel justified in seeking things that make me stronger.   The talk about the enemy AI made me worry a bit, but overall, is this a game that requires focus and attention, or is it more of a turn your brain off and explore kind of game?
It's crazy to me that nobody is talking about this game. I asked for a review copy as well and nothing. Almost like they don't want people talking about this game. Like why?
Its far cry ok got it
Far Cry Primal with blue people,  yap.
Thanks, ACG. I was very skeptical until your review 👍🏻
I feel like I should want to play this but for some reason I'm really  not interested at all..
this is why ubisoft+ is clutch. easily worth the $17 to experience this.
I cant listen to that lead characters voice for 30+hours,is that Miles Morales actor?the cadence of his voice is awful,it was awful in spider-man too,everything he says sounds like a whiney question,like one if those kids from Stranger Things.
When your games are so bland, the new one is a movie reskin
Farcry Primal vibes big time.
thanks
I want a bullet-heaven game in a mech mowing down hordes of blue aliens
I just wish they would have made this a third person game. I would have been all in. They could have made an option where you could play from either view.
Not gonna lie, the game looks amazing visuals wise. But man, I really hate avatar so it’s still a no go for me.
Can you expand on the hunting/exploration elements, especially in regards to Wildlife and how they feel in terms of AI and contributing to the wider experience? Do wild animals actually interact with each other (be it within the same species or like with predators and prey) or with plants? Do they have actual behaviors or is it pretty much just them idling around until you interact with them? Are you able to bait them or do traps rather then just attacking them, and if so can you do stuff like getting one creature to attack another or human enemies via laying bait or trapping prey near enemies so a predator swoops in?
Me 10 mins before watching this "im sure ill dislike the avatar game"  me directly after 🤔 hmmmm i wonnnnder
Can you also include which edition is worth buying in these review segments.
Can't wait to dive into this!
Let's just get this out of the way farcry7 pandora
The engine came a long way. Looks gorg
Can someone explain to me what the Tokens in the store are for? I noticed the bundles when trying to pick which version to buy and it got me worried.  How pivotal is it that you get this virtual currency?
why 2K Video at Youtube looks like shit?
Pretty bold of Ubisoft to publish a game where you play as the badguys.
Opening line I was like oh no.... then the rest of the review was like woahhhhhh!
Admit curious on how the console versions of this game will hold up.
Well I been holding my breath with fingers crossed... But ACG has smacked my back and reassured me its going to be great and run well.
Hope its not as wide as the ocean but shallow as a puddle.
I wanna play as the humans and purge Pandora of the filthy blue xenos.
Hadn't looked at the game at all before, but this looks quite awesome. Definitely gonna try it out at some point.
Playing a giant evil forest monster terrorizing innocent humans, bold of ubi to go with the bad guys in this game.
Looks great. I really just want to explore thew world they created. For me. I will buy once on sale.
Bought it twice to play co-op with the wifey who is obsessed with the movies. I'm beyond excited to dive into this world in first person.
Far Cry Primal 2 : The Avatar reskin
70+ fps with a 4090 and this cat is impressed by that. Welcome to GPU hell.
Great coverage as always; it’s hard to watch other reviews lol.
This is giving Far Cry 3 vibes. And I love it
The Far Cry Primal sequel we’ve been waiting for
i must of missed where he graded it, is this a buy, wait for sale or never touch?
Sadly I won't be playing this game as Ubisoft still insists on putting Denuvo into the PC version.  At least they saved me money I can spend on a different game that doesn't come with malware.
White Guilt: The Game
So the Hunting part is EXACTLY like RDR2
I used a month of Ubisoft+ to play AC mirage, which was quite good. I wondered if i should cancel it or keep it for this game. But it definitely seems worth to try out.  There is nothing wrong with Open world and "Ubisoft Formula"   Horizon ZD and Harry Potter were quite story heavy despite open world.   It's not inherently worse (or better) than a scripted  linear trigger corridor game.   I generally ike FC (and AC) as a nice sandbox. Story wise it's very hit and miss with Ubisoft.   Far Cry sells quite a few copies, despite all the Ubisoft whining and memes. It's a bit like nobody ever goes to McDonalds, but they seem to do quite well. They are all good Sandbox fun. Story wise   FC 3 and 4 were good,  5 was terrible, 6 was okish, Similar ups and downs for AC.   FC 6 had this weird separation though between a absolutely horrible civil war, with explicit war crimes and nasty brutality and the "funny little pet crocodile" fooling around gameplay part. It felt like intentional shocking to then not do anything with it.   FC 5 didn't bother with story telling. You played around in the open world and were just randomly teleported into the next "story" bit, ususally a cutscene and some running through corridors to escape.Which felt INCREDIBLY lazy.
Far Cry: Space Smurfs.
So is it a buy, sell or wait??
Co op has me somewhat interested but it's not coming to steam(rn) & i'm not buying any ubisoft games until they add steam achievements to valhalla & rising.  Next to little effort to "copy & paste" them over to a platform they used before while also knowing when they are supposed to pop up due to having achievements for the consoles & they don't need to make new art for said achievements since they are already made on the consoles.  I'm pressed that pressed on a far cry primal sequel ,Granted i was never a fan of the avatar movies but they did release a decent game back i the day where you could play both sides & had pvp.
Looks fun. Haven’t played a far cry since 4.
I’ll wait till it’s in the hands of real gamers.
I love your reviews but I wish you’d put together a more mid tier PC so we could get a better sense of optimization. Personally knowing the game runs well on the best graphics card money can buy doesn’t help me know how it might run on my 3070ti at 1440p. Just a thought.
Still feels meh
Snowdrop destroying Unreal!!  Unreal is one of the worst game engines in existence!!! Over rated stuttering mess
Such a unserious review, xD
😂gang gang😂
Far Cry 5 way so good
As a dude from vancouver, the overabundance of smoke shops was a great reference.
Far Cry Primal with blue natives - I love it
FarCry - Pandora
I didn’t hear you say it was “a buy” in the video, but I assume you do think it is.
Been underwhelmed by what I've seen of this game, until now. Thanks!! Will definitely try this one, but.. ouch expensive.
Far Cry 7 looks kinda funny, Either way i can't believe division 1 and 2 died for this.
🎶"I'm blue da ba dee da ba daa.." 🎶
Maybe I missed it on review but was this a buy, wait for sale or wait for deep sale? Personally I liked it finally looks like next Gen game with all great effects. And I like fact that exploration is more selling point that guns a blazing. A buy for me on acg ⚖️
Wow. The comment about the weed shop owners and amount of shops was so perfect!
Oooh it's on epic lol. Meh time to wait until it comes to steam like a real game. Astonishing they sabotage such a great games success by not day 1 steam launch.
Interesting that ubisoft makes a good game when a third party is watching over the project
Remember when Ubi left Steam, then came back with its tail between its legs? Ya. I can wait. If not, meh, there are a ton of games and my human time is finite.
Honestly I would prefer it the other way around being a human killing the aliens and jumping in a mech suit.
Sounds incredibly boring.
Far Cry Primal 2: Mushroom Unleashed
I wish Pandora, greedy corpos and tall three-fingered flip-offs were my thing when watching the movies, but hey, I'll play your game Ubisoft. I play all of them anyways. AC Mirage has a lot of fun, so why wouldn't Jimmy Cams born-bred, head fulla dreads do it? Floating rocks that ain't in porcelain could be my new Ubijam.
there is like no hype for this game. No one is talking about it
I played too many Ubisoft games. They started to feel the same to me. I'll sit this one out. Maybe on a big discout, maybe.
Well this seems like a pleasant surprise. It's nice to see an internal Ubisoft developer take the company's standard open world and actually do something different with it. The idea that exploration is such a large part of the game honestly sounds wonderful in comparison to constant combat. I can't even count how many times I've found something cool in a Far Cry game that I want to investigate only for it to be yet another moment of combat that plays out more or less the same.  It's been a busy year so I doubt I'll get this at release with so many games still to work through, but I'll look for the first sale price maybe sometime in February or March when I don't have anything new and I'm dying to feel like I'm outdoors after being stuck snowbound.
Just watching the first 5 minutes of this review, it seems to me like the true competitor is Zero Dawn. Does this play like a first person ZD clone discuised as avatar?
OMG.  Far Cry 5.  That made me crazy.  Literally every 5th step, a wave of bad guys would appear.  It was ludicrous and not fun.  It was exhausting.  That was a shame, because there was a lot of interesting things about that game that were unfortunately lost in the shuffle secondary to bad decisions (one has to imagine came from executive interference).
This review actually made me want to try the game
This game is definitely my jam!
Tbh the aspect of this game that excites me the most is that all of this was done in the Snowdrop engine.  I think Ubisoft MASSIVE is currently the best studio Ubisoft has, and I'm even more interested in what their other output will look like, now that all of these features and capabilities are in the Snowdrop engine.
As a fan of Massive's prior projects, it's nice to hear positive things about Avatar.  I look forward to playing it.  Fingers crossed it clicks for me.    As an aside, I hope Massive develops a true third Division game that incorporates the best from the first and second games.  I enjoyed both games and actually prefer the first... and my favorite thing from both games may be a DLC mode from the first title.  As always, content is king.  Focus on the story.  Lose the multiplayer only components (hello, all games).  That's always a ticking time bomb and usually comes with a hefty price - namely good game design, balance and fun (and very few games come close to balancing this - including billion dollar ones).
I personally would’ve preferred the game was third person, specially considering it’s from the division devs, but as a fan of the movies I was still excited to play it, and I’m happy to hear it’s an enjoyable experience and not a full far cry clone
This looks a ton better than I thought it would coming from Ubisoft,but you saying that there is some exploration without being told exactly what to do or where to go for me has sold it for me. Or that is what i got from what you said about the game,great review Karak.
Ubisoft? Nope.
Thanks for the review mate, doesn't look for me.
Is this on Steam I USED to see it on Canada steam site but not anymore. Where can I buy it on PC?
I had no idea this game was coming out this year lmao
The title alone screams wait for sale.
I feel like nobody really cares about this game.
Bruh those curve caps gave me depersonalization why does every other side chearecter look like they are getting ready to go watch the Yankees
It looks like a modern Turok game starring The Smurfs. I guess that's kinda rad.
Sounds like hunting in this game is like the hunting in Red Dead Redemption 2.
Did we ever hear whether we should buy, wait for a sale, or never touch?
Farcry and its constant in your face never let you breath action is a huge downfall for the series.
Only gripe at first glance is that the character shoots his bow lefty. Is that changeable?
Best reviewer on YouTube. Fight me.
I mained the Bow in FC5 with all HUD elements off and had a good time. Couldn't get on with FC6 as AI were beyond stupid and respawned if you got more than 100m away. Looks like this might be worth a try. Thanks.
1st person? That is unfortunate, Hard pass for us that get motion sickness from 1st person
I wonder how much money all these female focused games lose.  The majority of my friends don't play female protag games.  I always found it odd that these giant companies don't care about sales.
This has  very horizon vibe to it
How is the Sprint speed?
just on your final point of the difference in feeling to farcry an smoothness of the navi vs humans it makes me think the old farcry game like predator instincts where when you feral you were scary fast and lethal
I think I missed the part when you concluded it as a 'buy' but thats the impression I got.
whoever at ubi, saw the na'vi, one of the coolest looking species from recent cinema and decided to make a 1st person game with them is an idiot.
Definitely picking this up, looks beautiful and mixes pieces of Farcry and Horizon.. a combo that sounds like the perfect December game.
Great review sir !
He gives it a "Buy" rating
So is this a buy now or wait for sale? You didn’t really answer that…
Incomplete good review? You covered everything great BUT the story quality.  You mentioned gameplay, sound and most everything in between. How was the story? decent? ok? great? crappy? You mentioned the first 10 minutes of the story but that was it.. How was the rest.....
Seems like a Horizon Zero Dawn knock off with added complexity to hunting
If I understand well your review about Avatar, you don't like Farcry games, right ?
Man this looks good. Kind of reminds me of Farcry Primal. Great review as always, Ill have to pick it up when I got the money for it.
Hell yes thx for this. I'm really excited to play
oh yes this game exists snuck up on me an this looks incredible an i am glad it doesnt feel like another ubisoft tower icon tracker
Is it on Ubisoft plus? Might give me a reason to get it.
I want to play this purely for the environment, it looks beautiful and so immersive.
Skyrim was VR, this should have been VR. Missed opportunity.
I hope there is an option to put the crosshair dot in the centre of the screen. Don't get how people can play with an off-centre crosshair without getting nauseous.
As someone who absolutely adored primal and it's world I can't wait to try this
It would have been cool if you could choose to play as humans or avatar and maybe someone who plays Avatar could invade your game like demos souls
Far Cry: Space Primal
This is a surprise to say the least. I knew this game was on the horizon but my expectation were so low I forgot the game was a thing. But after this review, my interest in piqued.
Ubisoft always manage to make good looking world spaces. That's about all they're good at though, sadly. I feel bad for the environment artists.
im one of the few that enjoy that standard far cry formula so avatar set in far cry sounds like a good time to me
Thanks I'm gonna replay farcry 3 now.
A first person Division game could be fun.
Cant wait to get lost in this world 😮
from the review this sounds like they took the best parts of HZD, RDR2, and Division and mixed them altogether. Sounds like being a tourist in this game is perfectly acceptable.
Watched whole review and he didn't even mention if the story for the campaign was good or not wtf
The bad white guy is back :)
Why the f is Ubisoft not putting these games on Steam or releasing them only years later? So annoying I don't want to split up my library and I trust Valve a lot more than Ubisoft.
Easy never touch for me but that is just because im fed up with these kind of far cry shooter games.
I'm definitely going to buy it on PS5 but I'm gonna wait until the 1st DLC I think. I have to beat Dying Light 2 and some PSVR2 games in my backlog before I have anymore time
why is the bow held backwards? Is there a right handed and left handed option? Because as a right handed person, its really weird to have the bow held like that. I remember playing The Forest and it took me ages to adjust to the strange way the bow was held.
If this is made on the same engine of Div1/Div2 then manual save points aren’t a thing, might not be even possible. From personal experience, it didn’t affect anything and wasn’t even noticeable. I do wonder if he’s bringing up manual saving because of some decision made that you would possibly like to see how it played out the other way?
Hearing that you are not constantly being attacked by animals or people makes me interested in this game. Can not play Far Cry games anymore because of the ADHD gameplay.
Good review, but isnt there a class system where you pick a rider or warrior, a crafter etc? I'm curious to know how it looks and performs on Consoles as well.
I'll wait for a Steam release
It’s so good, looks awesome on series X 2.1 , 🙌
ACG, can you play this in third person or is it only a first person game? this might dictate if I spend the money on the game, not really interested in FPS.
Blown away by the world they built - but the Na’vi hold a bow in a really uncomfortable way
So Far Cry Pandora is here. Now imagine Far Cry Predator, Far Cry Aliens, Far Cry GI Joe, Assassins Creed Batman or Daredevil.
I think it's going to come down to this did you like the avatar movies and their stories? If yes you will probably like this game. If no then you will probably not like this game. I am in the camp that didn't like the movies so I'm not to interested in picking it up.
I had no idea this game was coming out this year. Anyone else?
Average Navi enjoyer ❌ Chad Mech destroyer ✅
Main question I have is.....does it still use the shakira font?
Looks pretty good but no Steam, no buy for me
Another amazing review, thanks for what you do!
Well done Ubisoft. They really needed a win and this looks like it.
i dont understand the criticism ppl have abt crafting while out in the open, if you love the busywork to run back to a workbench in a massive open world game plz go make your own game, ppl in real world simply dont have the time to waste on this busywork, there is a fine line between realism and making the game a big chore and time sink. one thing Ubisoft does better than Rockstar and Bethesda is minimizing busywork, and im glad for it.
I feel like playing games in a year after they go on sale for $30 after they become objectively better is the only way to go these days.   On the game itself though it looks good, probably will be a even better experience if you haven't played the last few far cry games. The last one i played was far cry 3
Well, it was either this or a pornhub marathon. One way or another, idle hands are the devil's workshop.
damn this review was so rewarding my dude, thx so much for your service to the community throughout all your vids hey, such a great channel here
Right handed character is suddenly left handed when using bow?! I hope this engine is used in other IPs because Avatar is just so lame for me.
Left handed bow is weirding me out
no steam, no buy.
Far Cry Primal: Pandora
I’m playing on ps5 and the graphics look so similar to horizon forbidden west. Absolutely beautiful.
I wanted to play as the Humans taking over the planet, Don't care about this at all
I don’t recall you saying by rent or never touch at the end
Buy, wait for sale,never touch? It’s a mystery apparently
looks .. really good 😮 I would not mind just playing this to faf around on Pandora
Great review Karak. The game looks beautiful but I just can't do anymore Ubisoft lol.
I am surprised they used Snowdrop and not the Dunia engine since its what they use for their FPS stuff.
Finally a real review unlike ign. Thanks for posting this
I had cancel my pre order but this look nice, but nto sure if should get on console when the stuff  cost so much for items in the game, maybe I shoudl sub for month on there server just to play this.
Click here for the final score 18:32
It’s Ubi. That’s a Never touch by default.
Whatever Massive learns from this I hope they can take it and run with it for star wars outlaws
As always a great, well balanced review. Thanks for always keeping it real! As a lover of the Avatar films, I couldn’t be more excited to jump in!
I will be playing this Christmas day, for sure.
I wanted to play as the humans though. The correct side.
Would far cry primal with guns be a good way to describe the game play? I did like primal
Good to here performance is good before they cripple it with tons of DRM for the retail version
I'll play this for the looks alone if nothing else. Just thinking about how it will look in motion on an oled in HDR has me salivating already. It's so rare that we get to experience truly alien game worlds these days (looking at you bland as empty pasta starfield), so even if the game is mid, I think this is a welcome treat.
Far Cry Primal with different "paint" all over it Easiest pass.
I am probably the only one who will like this one since I wasn't in love with the FC games. But whatever. I enjoyed its different pace. Thanks for supporting the channel by thumbs ups comments, and sharing  https://www.patreon.com/AngryCentaurGaming
Can't wrap my head around this being actually good. Doesn't compute in my ol' brain.
This game, regardless of its quality, is a skip for me. The required first day online Connection, which reminded me of the early xbox one days, are an absolut deal breaker to me. As a console gamer, I do not Support those kind tactics. I assume as a PC player, you are used to stuff like this but as a console player i draw a hard line at that. Thats also why games like the Spyro trilogy, Alan Wake 2 or the Jedi games might look nice but won't ever be part of my collection bought by my own money. Everyone else who has not a Problem with that, I hope they have fun with the game.
It looks good for a budget title.
What a year for gaming 🤓
Not impressed
Another great review, love the drama, at the beginning of the review I was like "oh no not another dud" and by the end of the review I cant wait to play.. Thanks again for what you do!!
im still waiting for the other Avatar franchise to get a game of the level of quality at least close to this.
Avatar Frontiers of Pandora looks awesome. The game is absolutely gorgeous graphically. Combat seems to be enjoyable. Audio design is pretty good for the most part. Performance is solid. The world feels alive. The level design is top notch across the board. The fact that the map isn't cluttered with icons is very much appreciated. It's nice to finally play an open world game that's not littered with them to the point of being excessive. Sure, there are some bugs as you've already mentioned and the A.I. can be improved. However, other than those two issues, the game is really good overall. I'm very impressed. Ubisoft did a wonderful job with this one. Thanks, Karak! I always the appreciate the honest, unbiased, and detailed review! Keep it up! God bless and stay safe!
So in summary, the game is actually shockingly good (considering it’s Ubisoft)? I’m very glad honestly. If they were finally gonna deliver a good game I’m glad it’s this one.
Ok, geez, you've changed my mind. I'll check it out. Your reviews are like the only reviews I actually trust anymore.
Thanks k.. Literally one of the only reviewers i can trust for an honest opinion. 😎
Oh I loved Far Cry Primal. You MAY have genuinely just sold me.
damn nature is beautiful! i should go outside more XD
Looks nice but something looks a bit off about how the foliage attatches/blends to the terrain. Shame Pandora doesn't have more biomes. I think Forbidden West still holds the crown for graphics. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVAf-iIOb3g
just a damm shame they didnt get it on steam
What's with the xray vision in every bloody game 🙄
Good review. I do miss the longer audio play you used to have and not just a bit played at the end.
Is it me or did he forget to tell us, buy, wait or don’t touch
Ēkrahn. “Ickrun” lol
SUFFER NOT THESE XENOS FILTH TO LIVE BROTHERS!!!
Great review my dude!
Wow. I’m surprised that Ubisoft managed to make a licensed video game that caught my attention. Gonna wait for some more reviews to pop up, but I think I might give this one a whirl.
The game looks fun but the UI/UX is absolutely atrocious
This is my #1 hyped game this year.  I can not wait to play this.  For one, it's Avatar and Pandora.  But for two, the fact that games can look this lush and beautiful, after growing up in an era where grass was one flat texture.
Great video, is there a day night cycle? Not just load screens to night
Wonderful review! I am still shocked that Ubisoft did not kill this game with MTX and the filth like it.
Does it have cross play between PS 5 and Xbox X?
Did I miss his recommendation or did he not say it at all?
What's the reason given that human weapons are Navi sized?
Why cant we play as a human wiping out the blue weirdos
Where can I download this Far Cry mor?
Far cry + eco-terrorism = James Cameron raising the bar
Having the character hold the bow and use a left handed stance was a BOLD choice.
Mmmm ice cream so good.
Why didn't they let you play as humans too in this one? Too much work for Ubisoft?
Too bad you can't chose your side. Yawn.
man, this was infinitely more informative than some other videos i've seen about this game
Wait did I miss the answer because I don’t think he said if it was a “ buy wait for sale never touch again”
Review: “Differs from far cry.”  Gamers: hurp durp far cry reskin
Looks okay. I would pay 15 bucks.
Buying it for my nephew but I will now be borrowing it after he’s done with it 😂  awesome review dude!
Holy hell, this looks amazing! After the disappointment I felt playing Starfield, I am super glad that, between Outcast and Avatar, I am going to get my sci-fi fix after all :D Love your reviews, Carrack! You never fail to deliver the info I am looking for, and more! Thank you :)
I don't care what anyone says about Ubisoft games. They're normally always incredible and I can't wait to dive into this.
Far Cry Primal but with blue people. I'm just glad it's not female lead as previously thought as every single game is female lead sadly you don't see minority male leads anymore. All replaced to pander to a crowd that doesn't exist thanks to feminism.
Ah ok, i thought  this farcry primal  2?
Really wish I could be on the humans side in this though, looks great don't get me wrong but I just can't get into being a big blue smurf with a bow.
How is performance on console?
So, forgettable. Just like the movie.
The game isn’t broken. Rare this year. Solid video as always
Get Horizon
Just a heads up for everyone if you have a Disney+ account and a Ubisoft account attached to the same email you can receive 20% of this title when you go to buy it
This review made me subscribe after watching IGN’s review…
Another woke crap
Been waiting for such a long time for a game where I can explore Pandora freely as a Na'vi!! So glad this wasn't a bust or just a rushed game to earn a quick buck off the hype of the movies. Can't wait to delve in and explore this incredibly land!!
Honestly, the idea of the game not having constant firefights has me far more interested than I was leading up to release. I like games that can balance the loud moments with quiet ones in equal measure.
its just a far cry clone, and look me worse ....... i shall need pirate it, its not sell on steam; ....... beautyfull nature, but all look same, after while , and to much parkour, .... i hate forced parcour in games..............
So.. Far Cry Primal with Smurfs. Gotcha.
will be interesting to see what the modders will get upto with this. trying to make as visually stunning as the flims? who knows
Massive Entertainment = never touch
I hope I enjoy it unlike Starfield
Thought this game had an uphill battle comparing how it looks to the films. And even after the review I still don’t think I can get passed it. It looks like a last gen game. The games release also feels a little late.
Thanks for the review. This game looks awesome and fun.
Was waiting for your review for this one. Avatar 1 has been one of 'comfort movies' I have watched countless times, its just so nice haha (yet to watch the second one). But honestly this game looks suweeet. The vegetation and the colours, damn. Going to get a new gaming laptop this week, maybe I'll give this one a try on their Uplay thing. Less enemies sounds good, since I am gonna fly around in zen mode anyway lol.
Nice, you are definately on the higher end compared to many reviews, but the fact that you absolutely hated farcry 6 yet seemed to enjoy this speaks a lot to it. I'll definately check it out as I enjoy far cry and love the the world of avatar (not so much the films).
I hear the Black Eyed Peas have a song called "Let's Get Avatarded" that plays over the end credits
Unexpected but welcome. Maybe I'll give this a shot Great review as always, thanks!
How long does it take to beat?
Im a year behind in games its so much cheaper ill wait 6months to a year before i consider buying at discount.
I don't think Ubisoft had high hopes for good reviews on this based on how little marketing I saw. Looks OK.
I find the whole Avatar/Pandora world and lore and setting just super boring.
Your reviews are OG WTF is vibe .. from our rest in piece british and i love it
Put time stamps in your videos dude.. come on
I will never understand the arguments of people who want manual saves within their games. You would rather constantly get yourself OUT of the game world in order to artificially save your progress, than have the game do it automatically for you and let you enjoy the immersion instead. I do agree that the latter needs a well thought out respawn system or an effective autosave system, but manually pausing the game or spamming F5 will never be the answer.
I am sorry but talking about getting good performance while having the best computer money can buy which should be able to run everything maxed out is a bit redundant in my opion, i dont think its worthy of praise to run well on the highest end machine but to run well or decent on low to mid tier ones
They should’ve added 3rd person option
Wasn’t expecting you to enjoy this game that much. Looks like I’ll be giving it a try then.
Keep to the great reviews. Happy holidays
Another boring Farcry game, but this time in blue skin. No thanks.
Honestly, I just want it to be fun man. Not many games these days are just - fun. They're trying to do so much and forget to Be fun/meaningful in the process. This looks like it has alot of Potential to be fun
Would you be able to mention any accessibility features in your future reviews? I love your review style, but I still don’t know if I want to get it because I don’t know how accessible it is. Showing a settings page would be enough to let me know if I’m going to buy or not.
The level design and density reminds me of that Anthem announcement trailer - the game we should have got.
This really looks like what would've happened if Horizon Zero Dawn had never existed and this was instead fated to be. This looks like a must buy, the only other game to give off this impression was the GLORIOUSLY yet panned Xenoblade X. Amazing
awww i see Farcry Primal 2
i honestly forgot this game was coming out. got caught up in the GTA 6 hype haha. glad it turned out great, will definitely check it out
I got this game for free with my new cpu after upgrading on black friday so I'll be at least trying it out. Not a huge Avatar fan but the world does look beautiful
This could be the best Avatar game ever made and I still wouldn't care. Great review as always though 👍
They shoot themselves in a foot not making this in a third person perspective.
I only preordered this for free steelbook glad I did now
*Looks like FarCry (Primal and 6) and Avatar had a blue baby.*
Love your reviews love your podcast... love your channel💯
This white guilt simulator looks lame
Honestly, I wasn't going to bother, but I had enough reward points with the guys I buy from to knock this down to half price so I ordered it and figured I'd get enough fun out if it for that price. If it turns out to be more than that, then that's a bonus.
Say whatever you want about Ubisoft – repetitive games, no new IPs, money-hungry – but their maps in open-world games are amazing. The games themselves might be boring, but the worlds are amazing.
This game came out??
Am i the only sane or insane people around? I mean, the game looks like shit. Looks like a last gen title. Looks bland and boring aka hamster wheel gameplay.
Crashed out a few times watching this vid - strangely about the time you talk about glitches
Now this IS an optimized, lush and (truly) open world game! *cough* *cough*.. Bethesda... But seriously, games like this really show how we can have large, beautiful and rich environments that run well at native resolution, and not get gaslighted into having to use DLSS and calling that "optimized".
If it was 3rd person  i would instantly buy it.
Im glad this game released and was not labeled "another Ubiworld", for me im not impressed not its doesnt look good... Im tired of the open world genre in general so its a hard pass. On the other hand, everypne who like this game i would say: Have fun!
Looked like worse version of far cry with less guns from trailers.  I am pleasantly surprised it's good, but I will buy on sale now
Rockstar games should have gotten th3 chance to.make this fame
reskinned far cry and not a good one .......
A good Ubisoft game that deserves to be bought at once? is this a Christmas Miracle? 😅🤯😂
Far cry: Smurf Edition
So should i buy or wait for sale ?
Horizon Forbidden Crying Smurf. Maybe on sale. Nothing special here
Amazing review once again. I wasnt expecting to play this, but I will now
blue people ..i no nothing about the films so will be lost on me ,not for me ...
So its a buy or rent? You  didn't say it
It looks mostly extremely good but our protagonist holds his rifle up very high.  The rifle takes up a very big amount of screen space and I’m sure it sounds stupid to most people but I really, really super-duper don’t like that.  It blocks the view and makes me feel like my eyes are in my collar bone.
There’s a required day one patch that you need to download otherwise your disc is useless. Have cancelled my preorder
so its Far Cry on another planet. yeah that may work. i give it a try. my last Far Cry was 3.
Looks flat. Am I blind? Ubisoft is in desperate need of UE5 ambient occlusion
This game literally looks like it took all the great aspects of Far Cry and got rid of the exhausting icon salad Far Cty games are known for.  Dunno, maybe I’ll buy this.
It reminds me of Dying Light but with blue people, not Far Cry as much, plus if they can make a Splinter Cell game like this but not open world, that would be great.
It looks like last gen graphics and lackluster gameplay
No game is worth 130 for me though. So im gonna wait on a sale for this. Im excited to play it eventually though.
this review was perfect. I was not expecting a 10 out of 10 game. I was expecting a fun adventure in an awesome world and it sounds like that’s exactly what we got. Can’t wait to play it.
that division 1 and 2 engine are really good !!
Did he say buy ? I missed it.
This looks cool but with my backlog ill wait for a deep sale. I mean it is Ubisoft
this game looks boring as hell
I knew it would turn out good. Ubisoft showed a lot of the gameplay and reactions those last weeks, which means they have confidence in their game and the showcases we got showed that they really captive that Pandora immersion from the movies into the game. Excited to play this tomorrow, day 1 patch just downloaded onto my system so I’m ready to go
Add the option "play with ubisoft plus" I paid 18 bucks and I've played Mirage and I'll play this! Plus other Ubisoft games *evil laugh*
The white guy is, of course, the bad guy.
Just before you said who developed it and on what engine, I said to myself "This looks like a UBI game"
Think you've just saved me £70  Game looks great, but I can't get passed the farcry, ubisoft stuff!  Big map means repetition
I preordered this. Super excited!!
I find Avatar to be a lame ass movie/world.  No interest
This is the one
You sound like a robot
The fact you talk in such details about how the map doesn't feel too busy and enemies/activities not poppin in every 30 sec is why you're still the best in the business. That kinda stuff is way more interesting than the usual "the world feels lived in but not too cluttered" which says nothin (and is used in many OTHER review channels...). I have it pre ordered because MASSIVE is the BEST Ubisoft studio to me, so I was still confident, even if I don't care AT ALL about Avatar movies ^^ Another fantastic review GG
I wrote this off essentially the way you said it. just another far cry game. i'm glad it's fun but unfortunately, since it's not on steam. I probably wont play it. I hate to say this, but for some games, I would probably pay more for it on steam, than to get it through another launcher.
Happy to hear how this one turned out and that it’s not a copy paste Far Cry like many feared.
Looks cool but what is the point in adding all this different looking armor in a first person game?  Maybe other people can see it if you like to play online but…meh.  Would be cool if they added a third person option like Skyrim at least.
Blah, blah, blah.  Come back with the Switch version.
It is...Far cry with a new skin. It is Far Cry Primal.
I love the Division and I actually still play the second one. But it went front a very good game to a mediocre woke game. So, considering I've already seen a cat lady (literally, in this case) telling you what to do and so on, I think I'm going to pass. These are very good devs, but the woke crap is too much for me..
I expected Ganandorf to show up at any moment.  It just looks better. lol
Thats why I follow you, love your reviews
How much sexual assault was this game made with?  kek
This just looks like farcry primal with horizon zero dawn like graphics
Ubisoft reskinning games is a new all time low for Ubisoft 😅 or lazysoft.. especially the overrated snooze fest called far cry.. that 360 era franchise really needs to die.. that repetitive concept just doesn’t work anymore.
The ONLY review I've been waiting for. Buying the game now. Thanks, ACG 💖
Your opening is exactly how I feel.
Looking forward to the Avatars vs Aliens DLC.... I made that up but one can dream.
Ppl love to shit on Ubisoft but I love their games when they nail the game world, idc if it's the same formula (which btw is also used in some games those same ppl praise) I love just doing stuff in Ancient Greece, or Egypt and hopefully Pandora  It's also why valhalla fell so flat for me, setting sucked for me personally and why I'm super hyped for SW Outlaws
Common Massive Entertainment W
Another great review by ACG!!
The game looks GORGEOUS!  I wonder if it has good HDR. Also how cool does it look at night?
bring it to steam ffs
Ubisoft never even caught up to the level of quality of GTA5 10 years ago. GTA6 is really going to make them look stone age by the time 2025 comes around...
"gege" at the end got me not gonna lie :D
Seems to be an epic store exclusive on pc. It's like they don't want my money.
this reminds me alitle bit Horizon Zero Dawn games
My biggest problem with this game is, that we can't play as humans like in the first Avatar game. That was the best part about it.
I'm hesitant to use RDR2 as an example. BUT, the way he described the "triangle of focus" between Combat, Exploration, and Hunter/Gather honestly made me think of why I enjoy RDR so much. You can get into the game and play for hours without feeling like you're forced into rushing through the story. Because they world and the activities you can do within the world are half the fun.  Hopefully this is game doing well and selling well is a good indication that Division 3 will be another awesome successful game.
I just feel like it should have been more vibrant
Best reviewer right here
so another ubisoft single player game with xp boost for cash. lol
hey joe you wanna plaay a far cry game?
Seems like a fun time killer, would totally get it on a sale when it comes to steam or on gamepass
Are there Avatars in the Avatar game or is it purely Navi?
I'm not a fan of Avatar. I would rather play as a human and take over the planet. However, I'm glad Ubisoft didn't just copy Far Cry and the world is so beauitful and it runs ok. I may get it on a deep sale in a years to just see the world.
couldn't care less about the movies, but i'm really hyped for this game
Had full faith in Massive with the world design. Both Division worlds blew my mind. Super excited for Star Wars Outlaws.
The only game I've bothered with is World of Warcraft, the rest are secondary and wait months after release, except for Ubisoft and EA, who I've not gotten games from in some years and don't intend to
So its far cry primal dabadee dabada but worth checkin out , will give it a try when it gets on sale in like 2 months 😂
Good review as always,  but maybe I missed it. But how’s the story?
Its a real shame you can't play as Humans, I really love the idea of blasting those ugly blue Aliens into oblivion.
Glad to see it's decent. I'd recommend people just subscribe for a month to Ubisoft plus (their subscription service) rather than buying the game though. Just sub for a month, finish the game (and any other ubisoft games you want), and don't forget to turn off automatic renewal.
Whatever this game plays like, is what Star Wars Outlaws will likely play like.  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyy
Well I'll be damned. I've gone from completely uninterested to really wanting to give this a try.
I don't think this is a good idea for a game because it feels like a step down from the movies visually. When a book is turned into a game or a retro game gets a remake or a board game gets a video game adaptation and such that feels like an upgrade. This feels like a downgrade.
Tragic that this game can't be played in third person. User interface is also absolutely hideous! Hard pass from me.
It actually looks surprisingly good. Shame it's only available on the Ubisoft store on PC, which is a dealbreaker for me. If it ever gets on Steam I'll definitely give it a whirl.
<3
Feeding the algo deez nuts
I just wanted to play as the humans in a mech conquering the planet for the Glory of Mankind.
good stuff!
Ayooo
Far cry primal
Dances with smurfs: The game. Only it sucks.
The only channel that isn’t bought by a company. S/O Karak the Erik.
2nd to the first guy
Love your reviews!
Fist
The smurfs ain't fucking around this time.  Jokes aside, I'm not surprised that Pandora looks as good and runs as good considering how The Division 1 and 2's world and detail still hold incredibly well even by 2023 standard. Heres hoping whatever they've learnt in Avatar will have a direct positive influence for The Division 3.
first
